





Reaching for light

When two tragic destinies meet

May Koliander


Copyright 2021 by May Koliander
Cover design: BetiBup33 Design Studio
All rights reserved
ISBN 978-2-9701481-0-4
Contact: may@koliander.ch

Also by May Koliander

Welcome to Freakdom
Freaky Pearl
Freak away!
Love Code
Quicksands
The Cave of Treasures
Genewise
Spaceheim
The Seeds of Beyond



To G. and B. whose friendship lightened these dark times.
Orange 2020-2021



Our passions are the true phoenixes;
when the old one is burnt out,
a new one rises from its ashes. – Goethe

Table of contents

Prologue
Chapter 1 – Now - The decision
Chapter 2 – Then – The bull, Crete
Chapter 3 – Now - Making contact
Chapter 4 - Now - Jaxon
Chapter 5 – Then – Taking flight
Chapter 6 - Now - Disclosures
Chapter 7 – Now – The virus
Chapter 8 – Then - Romance
Chapter 9 - Now - Pain
Chapter 10 – Then - Revelations
Chapter 11 – Now – Back on the job
Chapter 12 – Then – The move
Chapter 13 – Now - Departure
Chapter 14 – Now - the Shaman
Chapter 15 – Now -The Amazon
Chapter 16 – Then – the child
Chapter 17 – Now - The Amazon
Chapter 18 – Then – Timon
Chapter 19 – Now – Back home
Chapter 20 – Now – Back at work
Chapter 21 – Now – Timon
Chapter 22 – Now – The plan
Chapter 23 – Now – The bait
Chapter 24 – Now – Risking it
Chapter 25 – Now – Pain
Chapter 26 – Now - Answered prayers
Chapter 27 – Now - Discovery
Chapter 28 – Now – Blow up
Chapter 29 – Now – Disclosure
Chapter 30 – Now - Archer
Chapter 31 – Now – The boy
Chapter 32 – Now – The truth
Chapter 33 – Now – Climax
Chapter 34 – Now – Full circle
Prologue

I take a step, then another. Before me, Jaxon’s tall shape moves ever deeper into the gloom, soon to be engulfed in the encroaching darkness. I hasten my pace, blindly following him down the rabbit hole. He hadn’t said a word during the few minutes needed to drive up the narrow mountain road. When he took a sharp bend onto a mere track leading towards a thick dark forest, I turned to him. Jaw clenched, eyes fixed on the bumpy earth road, his profile was carved in marble. I’d asked for, demanded the truth, but now that I am going to get it, my mouth is dry, my heart pounding in my chest. And the tension is reminding me of the times when Archer, my husband, was in some Godforsaken part of the globe taking pictures, making films and the phone would ring. The shrill sound cut through me like a knife. I dreaded to pick it up, fearing it would not be his voice, but some stranger’s, telling me my husband had been hurt or worse. But that was the past, the sad past. And sometimes I can’t help wondering if by imagining things too vividly we don’t bring them to life, make them happen…
I almost bump into Jaxon’s back. He’s suddenly stopped. The tunnel we are following opens up onto what seems to be a rather large cave in the channeled light of our headlamps. I watch as Jaxon slowly scans the cavity, the rays of light that crawl along the walls stopping abruptly, illuminating a pile of stones on the cave floor among which are touches of white and red. He draws in a deep breath. “Now,” he says as he grips my arm. We cross the cave and come to a halt before the heap. I am staring down at bones. Skeletal remains and shreds of what must have once been a bright red dress. “That, Geraldine, is the truth.” His outstretched hand is steady, his voice hollow…

Chapter 1 – Now - The decision

“Come on Gerri, do you really think it’s a good idea ? It won’t bring him back…”
Lucia, a petite woman with sharp features and long tightly braided blond hair was fingering the coasters on Geraldine’s coffee table. She had been doing it for the last five minutes - setting them out to create a pattern by connecting their geometrical designs, and then collecting them to carefully stack them up again.
“Let sleeping dogs lie and all that ? No ! Something doesn’t tally and it’s the only way I can hope to get information about what really happened to Archer !” Geraldine answered as tears welled up in her eyes and her lower lip began to pull down sideways. She quickly pushed her tongue hard to the roof of her mouth to staunch the flow she could feel coming on. The expression of emotion and particularly tears sent her friend into a kind of panic. Lucia’s hand had already begun to shake and she was taking deep breaths. The coasters - that had done nobody any harm - were being moved around faster and faster. Lucia’s eyes were fixed on them, avoiding Geraldine’s gaze, in typical Lucia fashion.
Gerri seized one of the girl’s hands, although she knew how uncomfortable it would make her friend, who shunned physical contact.
“There’s no way Neozymes can suspect me of anything untoward if I apply for a job there ; I’ve got all the necessary qualifications. If anything, they’ll think I wish to work there to feel closer to Archer.”
“As his widow, they’ll probably give you preference when screening applications,” Lucia agreed grudgingly. She had gently disengaged her hand and her fingers were now running up and down the long braid that hung along her neck.
“By chance, I learned there’s a vacancy in the department headed by the man who engaged Archer - a guy called Jaxon something. I remember Archer mentioning he’d done quite a few jobs for him before his last one.” Gerri swallowed hard and breathed in deeply. How could she be talking calmly about her dead love, even making plans ? It felt surreal. 
“So, you’re hoping this man will reveal to you details about Archer’s death that aren’t already in the report ?” Trust Lucia to put things bluntly.
By now, she had built an enclosure with the coasters, standing them up on their edges. Gerri was sorely tempted to blow hard to see the structure collapse, but that would have stressed her friend out.
“I want to know why Archer was so far out in that desert without the proper equipment and enough water.” Gerri was determined to get answers. Something didn’t add up in her husband’s death.
“Heatstroke can occur here too, you know,” Lucia was quick to remark, “and if he was taking antihistamines as you said he was for his allergy to bug bites, it could have increased his risk.”
Gerri was silent for a moment. Lucia was unbeatable when it came to facts, whatever their nature. Her voice was bitter when she next spoke. “I still want to know why he was out in that Godforsaken spot ! He was hired as a photographer, but hadn’t snapped only a few pictures of the specimens the biologists were out collecting since setting off on that expedition. The last pictures in the camera were of the camp and a few of the scientists who had set it up.”
“I know, you showed them to me. To be precise, there were five men gathered around the fire, holding white mugs, while two were standing slightly apart. One of these, a rather stocky blond guy was facing the camera, winking at it while the other, a tall man with medium length whitish wavy hair was half turned away, peering into the box he was holding.”
“Who needs a camera when you are around, ?” Gerri couldn’t help remarking. “I wouldn’t want to be in your head; don’t you feel like you are going to explode with all the information you collect ?”
Lucia stopped playing with the coasters and looked up, addressing the wall opposite. “I store it carefully. Took some time, but I’ve mastered the flow of input so it doesn’t overwhelm me anymore.”
Gerri knew that her friend, who had a mild form of Asperger, at times suffered periods of meltdown when she seemed out of control of that memory of hers, but they didn’t last long. A seven-day period of solitary confinement in her parents’ well-insulated basement flat outside town did the trick. And she would bounce back, her mind as sharp as ever. Geraldine wondered what it would be like to live without memory, to wipe out the pain and sadness that threatened to engulf her when thinking of Archer. But then, the good moments would be erased too. The caress in his voice as he spoke her name, the sparkle in his eyes when he looked at her. She glanced towards the oak chest of drawers where she kept all that was left of her love, the only token of his fleeting presence on this earth - a lock of hair. She had cut it off when they had brought his body back. Lying in his casket he had looked so thin and dry he was barely recognizable, and she couldn’t refrain from calling out his name, as if the real Archer would open the mortuary chamber door and walking in, agree with her that the hapless man stretched out there was some unfortunate stranger, someone they didn’t know. She had brought a pair of nail scissors with her and cut off a strand of his hair. She desperately needed to have something material of him to keep, but not wanting to deface him, as he lay there helpless, the lock had been a small one. Now she regretted not taking a whole strand. It was all she had left of him, that and a wealth of remembrances of their short time together. But right now, those brought her more pain than solace.
Chapter 2 – Then – The bull, Crete

The sea shimmered turquoise in the distance, almost a purplish-blue right below Harleth. The sun was high in the sky. She plucked a brand of rosemary that had pushed up between the warm stones to spread out over them. Crushing the small curved needles, she breathed in the bitter pungent smell before dropping the sprig. James had told her rosemary was supposed to strengthen the memory and memory was something she could well do without. She shivered in spite of the heat and inhaled deeply. There was a rustle in the leafy tamarisk behind her and a low growl. Eyes closed, she waited. Had the Minotaur, that creature said to have been trapped in the maze under the palace of Knossos, found its way out and was about to carry her off ? Away from boredom, away from her past ? James had told her that the dull sounds often heard in the region, like the muffled roar of a bull, were caused by seismographic fluctuations and these had probably helped shape the legend. A big wooly head pushed hard under her arm, as warm brown eyes peered up at her. The stray sheep dog that now and then roamed the dig had little in common with the fantastic beast she had been dreaming about. The shaggy creature was fearful, scampering away with its tail between its legs at the slightest threat, but hungry for company and affection. She quite liked it. There was a kinship there. She too was afloat, belonging nowhere, earning her keep the only way she knew. She had followed James to Crete because she had never been to the Mediterranean, and he was generous. The island had lived up to its reputation, but she couldn’t say the same for James. Although to be candid, she hadn’t expected much of him; he was just one more man quite beyond his prime, too busy to invest in a lasting relationship, but happy to have a young woman around. More for her capacity to listen to him spinning out theories on his findings than for her presence in bed. Which was mostly ok. She sighed. Sex. Sitting on her rock she thought she had seen it all. There was definitely nothing new under the sun. The rosemary’s warm, slightly meaty aroma mixed with the dog’s dry smell brought her back to the Minotaur, and the Greek legends where animals and humans engaged in amorous trysts. Did Zeus take Io in human form or did he impregnate her in the guise of a powerful bull ? She’d been amazed to see that bulls were everywhere on this island, cavorting freely round pottery, charging gracile acrobats on friezes. There were even giant stylized horns jutting out above entrances. The animal’s magnetism was getting to her. The deep broad chest and narrow loins of the beast were the epitome of stamina, and its blatant maleness made her bite her lip as her heart beat faster. She lifted her face to the sun, welcoming its glare. What she desperately needed was that crude energy locked up in the bull. These past months, she had felt her life force ebbing ever more. It was a wonder there was still any left. And she had her mother to thank for that…

“Harleth !” From his tone she could tell James was eager to show her something he’d just dug up. With a last long look at the open sea she rose, the dog at her heels, hoping she wasn’t going to have to feign interest in pottery sherds, bronze beads or a collection of seals and signets. How dreary life could be in spite of the incredibly beautiful nature around her !
As she left the glittering blue expanse behind her, her lungs seemed to shrink in her chest and her feet raised reddish dust as she unwillingly made her way towards the dig. James was bent over some artifact sitting on the ground and as she approached, his pinkish mottled scalp was visible through his thinning white hair. She sighed. Crete was an enchanting land, but she sure was paying dearly for the privilege of being here. Her face lit up with a smile, a trick that had been drilled into her at an early age by her mother, the very second James looked up. Right now, what made his eyes shine weren’t her long shapely golden legs, nor her tiny waist and heavy breasts. Something stronger than his appreciation of female beauty had him in its grip. And when she finally reached him, she understood. The object the team had found concealed in a recess in one of the chambers of the palace was a large blackish stone bull’s head, in pristine state. Squatting, she reached out to caress the broad muzzle, while the dog sniffed at the beast whose inlaid eyes held them in its stony stare. In sharp contrast with the dark head covered in tight stone swirls, the long curving golden horns glowed softly, reaching up towards the sun. Disappointed, the dog wandered off as James came to kneel beside her. “You feel it too, don’t you ?” he asked. “It’s in our specie’s DNA. As far back as the paleolithic, our ancestors revered the auroch. No creature signifies the raw energies of life itself more powerfully than the bull. Some writers have compared the beast’s mighty hulk to a hand grenade of crude virility ready to blow.”
Her hand traveled from the rounded muzzle over the bull’s head. The stone was warm under her fingers. For once, James’s gabbing caught her attention. She closed her eyes and imagined the beast alive. Crude virility was indeed desperately lacking in her relationship with James.
“What is it ? A decoration ?” she finally asked, turning to her companion who was observing her in silence.
“It’s a libation or pouring vessel, certainly used in rituals.”
“It’s the Minotaur’s head… and it’s beautiful,” she said softly.
That made the man smile. “I see this island and its legends are getting to you. Tomorrow is the dig’s day off. If you are up to it, we can go check out a system of caves where the island people claim one can hear the Minotaur roar.” He knew she was averse to dark enclosed places and dreaded tunnels, and wasn’t sure she would let herself be tempted.
She shivered in spite of the sun beating down on them and her delicate nostrils flared as her hand traveled back over the bull’s head, her palm returning to lovingly envelop the warm muzzle.
“Let’s go, by all means !” she exclaimed, getting up. “Such a wondrous creature cannot be dangerous or malevolent.” Her sudden enthusiasm surprised James. 
“Do remember that the beast trapped in the maze dismembered and devoured the unfortunate youths sent into the labyrinth.” 
Her smile was secretive when she answered, “Perhaps those hapless people didn’t see his true valor or beauty… And paid dearly for it.”

That night, they dined on a small piazza under huge fig trees. Harleth enjoyed rubbing their leaves between her fingers to inhale their sweetish, slightly off fragrance. Her arrival in the small taverna had created quite a stir. A good number of the rather short darkish men sitting at the little tables or loitering around the square were eyeing her, some quite overtly. Peasants, fishermen, men she hadn’t the slightest interest in, but she nevertheless took pleasure in leaning towards James so her lowcut white chiffon blouse revealed the fullness of her cleavage, and crossed and uncrossed her long legs more often than necessary. It was good fun. Mini shorts were not common on this part of the island and on their way to the restaurant an old guy had pointed to her shorts mumbling : “micro, micro” which was one word of Greek she understood. She was basking in the men’s attention when a young woman came out to take the orders and all eyes were attracted to her. She was curvy and graceful and her flashing dark eyes and rosy cheeks brought a smile to the face of those she approached. Harleth couldn’t help notice that James’s gaze followed the girl as she moved around the terrace. Harleth’s voice was a little abrupt when she ordered, but James made up for it by being particularly gallant. While waiting for their food, she reached for her powder compact and checked her face in the small mirror. Something in the diet here gave her a few pimples, but she had done a good job covering them with foundation. Her eyes, which were a dark grey, looked great made up like those of the Cretan women dancing merrily on the palace frescoes, their long-coiled hairstyles snaking down their shoulders. From early on it had been ingrained into Harleth to always look her very best, to be ready for the camera. When discovering her new makeup style, James had jokingly observed that intense eyebrows, charcoaled eyes and red lips were the mark of the hetaira. She’d looked the word up. A hetaira was a special kind prostitute, one who had only a few clients at any one time and who provided companionship as well as sex. She guessed it was something like a geisha. She hadn’t been sure how to take the remark and although the nature of their relationship was quite clear, she resented being assimilated so openly to a courtesan. Naming things made them worse and self-preservation had taught her to circumnavigate unpleasant facts. Her musings were interrupted by the return of the young woman who placed her order on the table with a warm smile. Up close, the girl’s skin was flawless and she smelled faintly of lavender. Harleth sighed as she examined the salad before her. She hadn’t a clue as to what herbs were in the dish. She remembered reading in some magazine that the Cretans used over five hundred types of greens and herbs in their cuisine. She had chosen a mixed salad over one of the rich meat and rice dishes James favored and tried in vain to get her to order. Of late, he’d also risked a few remarks on how slim she was, joking that she needed to be fattened up somewhat. Harleth shivered. There was no way she wanted to have the waitress’s round rosy cheeks or her plump thighs. Fork in hand, she scanned their surroundings. As was to be expected, this dusty place at the tip of the island was overrun with locals and in no way a hunting ground. There wasn’t a single well-off man in sight capable of appreciating what she had to offer. She speared a piece of tomato and chewed, gazing thoughtfully at her companion who was tucking in heartily. Dessert came, and she observed James devour his cheese pie - a sheep cheese-filled pastry fried in olive oil topped with a drizzle of honey, while she ate her portion of fresh cheese sweetened with the agave syrup she always carried in a small bottle. He sipped his third glass of raki as he went on talking about the dig, but his speech was slurred at times and his eyes followed the servant girl more openly. Harleth shook her long blond mane and pulled her make up pouch out of her bag, painting her full lips a deep orange and gazing at herself in a small mirror, passed her fingers through her hair. The men’s attention was back on her but not James’s. He was now paying for their meal, over-tipping the young woman who looked at him as if he had gone out of his mind. Harleth watched him down his fourth glass of raki in silence. Tonight, she would get to sleep in peace. At the best of times, James had not much stamina and love making with him was protracted and tedious beyond words. But she was down on her luck, that was not to be. She saw him pop a blue pill when they got back to their lodgings. Older men were all the same, embarrassed by their failing bodies but randy nevertheless. James had been quite handsome and his limbs were still well-toned but he sagged around the belly, the bulge shadowing what nestled below. Lights out, with only the moon shining in, Harleth let her mind wonder, insulating herself in a bubble as she had trained herself to do, and imagined Zeus’s fierce thrusts when mounting Io, as James toiled away, breathing heavily through the mouth. Her fantasy was so keen that her womb contracted violently, making her cry out wildly as she came before an astonished James who was nearly pushed out.
“I wonder what magic herb they put into that salad of yours,” he mused afterwards as they lay side by side. “They could make a fortune selling it.”
Still shaken by her violent orgasm, she wasn’t about to tell him what had been going through her mind. “The beauty and mystery of this place creep up on one…I’m happy you brought me here.”
He pulled her closer, a smile on his lips. He well knew she didn’t love him, but was thankful for her gentleness. 

Although it was still early, she was hot and sticky when they reached the cave mouth that lay high in the hill. She hadn’t had a serious work-out since their arrival in Crete and it was beginning to worry her. Usually, when she traveled with well-heeled men, she stayed in posh hotels that always had a fitness center. Here, they were in a kind of primitive stone house, at a slight distance from the dig. The cave entrance - a dark oblong slit surrounded by stunted vegetation growing on reddish soil reminded her of a woman’s vulva. Penetrating into that space would be like traveling up a birth canal. It was both enticing and repellent.
James cut into her thoughts once he got his breath back, while wiping his brow of the sweat pouring down. “The peasants say there is an underground river deep inside the cave. That’s probably what gives rise to the rumbling sounds sometimes heard.”
“I prefer to think the sounds, if we hear them, are the roar of the Minotaur seeking to shake down the walls of his prison,” she said, biting her lip.
“You might not want to hold on to that image once we are inside. It’s a deep cave with many ramifications and there is no electric lighting, so don’t let go of your torch,” James went on as he handed her one he had taken out of his rucksack.
There were a number of white paraffin candles stuck on stones in the entrance, along with some made of honey comb and the air coming forth was cool and earthy. She rather enjoyed the smell, it was a clean smell, reminding her somehow of rhubarb and refreshing after the climb.
She realized James was watching her, expecting her to flinch and balk at going in. Smiling, she turned round and resolutely stepped in. They had penetrated only about thirty meters when a muffled groan resounded, and for Harleth, it was like a blow to the chest. The sound seemed to come from the right and she headed in that direction, entering a passage that looked like a lava tunnel. She could hear James following. From time to time, he called her name and she answered, but she was much swifter and soon she could hear his voice no more as she advanced in the thick silence and utter gloom of the passage without the slightest trace of fear or anxiety. When the monstrous roar resounded again, flooding the tunnel like a great wave, she feared her eardrums would burst. She stood stock still as the sound rolled over her and away and then rushed forward, irresistibly drawn to its mysterious source which seemed to be imprisoned deep in the mountain. To her surprise, the ground under her feet led upwards and after a few minutes she made out a pinpoint of light which grew as she moved closer. Blinking, sheltering her eyes from the glare, she stepped out among flowering trees into a small grove surrounded by high cliffs. In a house such a space would be the patio, in a monastery a cloister. The sun was now high in the sky, but the air still fresh and fragrant. She walked around. She was alone. There was no mythological beast lying in wait here. Following its tinkling, she found a brook. The water poured out from a crack in the cliff, crossed the small clearing and disappeared through an opening in the rock face opposite. Charmed by the secluded atmosphere of the clearing, she sat down in the shade next to the brook and breathed in the sweet mountain air. She was in no hurry to see James emerge from the tunnel and looking around, wondered with a touch of bitterness, if her mad hope of finding the mythical Minotaur had not led her to this impasse, a beautiful, lulling nowhere, the very illustration of her life.

“Wake up, wake up !”
Why did Mom always have to shake her so early in the morning when all she wanted was to stay in bed, to snuggle under the covers ? She was so tired ! Her feet and knees still hurt from yesterday’s rehearsal and her lips were sore from the smile she was required to wear plastered over her face, at all times. Of course, she did like the attention and the beautiful dresses and once she was made up, her hair done, she looked like a miniature screen bomb, a tiny version of those gorgeous actresses whose pictures Mom had hung up all over their bedroom walls. But all this came at a cost. She had to practice almost every day after school, blindly obey the coach urging her to behave like a little princess. That squat ugly woman with low hanging jowls that could have done with good a shave, didn’t hesitate to resort to a few sharp slaps when she felt Harleth wasn’t giving it her all. And there was no use complaining to Mom. That coach had turned out a number of winners and she could do no wrong. Things became more intense the nearer they got to the next competition. And there was always a next competition, always, sometimes quite far from home, and that meant hours in the overheated car, feeling queasy. She opened her mouth to yawn, when suddenly remembering that it wasn’t lady-like, her hand shot up to her lips only to be seized and held tight. “Harleth, wake up !” This time it wasn’t her mother calling to her but a man’s deep voice. She instantly recoiled, trying to free herself from his hold, to get away from what she knew would come. When the hand stroked her cheek, she cried out as her eyes flew open. James was staring at her, a concerned look on his face.
“Harleth, you fell asleep, hidden behind these bushes !”
“Where am I ?” Shreds of her dream were still floating about her. She picked up a handful of dry dusty earth and let it trickle between her fingers, looking at the trees around her and tried to control her breathing as her heart beats slowed down. She was in Crete, she was a grown up. Her mother was dead.
“You must have had a nightmare, for I heard you crying,” James observed, helping her get to her feet. “That dark tunnel you traveled through alone is enough to make anyone nervous; and perhaps the idea that a wild beast could be imprisoned in the depths of these caverns made you anxious…”
“I do think I was dreaming.” She was frowning, as if trying to recapture a fleeting vision. “But I was quite disappointed when I emerged into this wild garden and found it empty. The last roar had seemed so close !”
“You know that it’s just an underground river and the rumbling of earth tremors reverberating through the caverns that create that sound, don’t you ?” He was amused and she resented it.
When she didn’t answer, he went on, “I am the first to wish such a wondrous creature as the Minotaur could be for real. It has been established that human hybrids exist. Distinct groups of Stone Age humans interbred, some of them with a primitive species that appeared almost two million years earlier, only to vanish a hundred thousand years ago, but these early humans, our ancestors, were all hominins. The Minotaur, half man, half bull, belongs to the realm of myth, the wild imagination of poets, and the idle musing of young women…” He shook his head, smiling, as he spoke these last words.
She had stopped listening. She was used to his rambling on, at times lecturing her as if she were one of his students and couldn’t care less if he thought her to be a total airhead. What she was straining to perceive as they made their way back, was the low bellow of the beast, but they reached the oval opening of the main cave in silence. Whatever had created that profound wave of sound had now retreated deeper into the bowels of the earth.
Chapter 3 – Now - Making contact

The man who got up from behind the most uncluttered desk Gerri had ever seen was not at all what she expected. When Archer had talked about the guy who hired him to film and document the scientists’ field work, she had imagined, for no reason she could find, a stocky middle-aged balding man with thick glasses, dressed in a stained lab coat. Jaxon Cairn was wearing a soft grey oxford shirt, no tie, black chinos, and had a commanding presence. He was tall, taller than her, trim, broad-shouldered with tawny skin and a head of thick wavy silvery hair, nearly reaching his shoulders, an unusual shade that had nothing to do with age. His light greenish eyes and rather broad nose gave his face a feral air which was only slightly belied when he smiled, lips curling up to reveal dazzling teeth. She judged him to be around forty. He did not offer to shake hands. He looked so trim and elegant, she was happy she had finally decided to wear her only expensive dress, a lime green linen one, instead of her usual slacks.
“Please sit down, Mrs. Gold. I’m happy you have come. “We unfortunately didn’t have the opportunity to meet at your husband’s funeral, but I wish to convey to you all my sympathy. Archer and I were close, very close. I miss him sorely.”
“Thank you. Please call me Geraldine or Gerri. I noticed your reef; it was the only blue one. The delphiniums were lovely. Archer loved the color of the sky.” 
 “I know.” His voice was deep and pleasant and the tone in which he spoke those words made it difficult for her to refrain from suddenly blurting out the truth to this man, that her husband too had considered him a friend. But she held back, distrusting the emotional state she got in when Archer was mentioned and not wanting to appear too forward and blast her chances at being chosen for the job. While Jaxon Cairn looked over the documents placed before him, she glanced around the room. Two of the walls were bare. There were no pictures, no family photographs. The only piece of furniture apart from the desk and chairs was a narrow bookcase. The books were neatly aligned and when a row wasn’t full, the volumes were held upright by metal bookends. But above the book case, she was surprised to discover a large painting of a coal black crow, standing alone, its beady eye aimed at the onlooker. The words Nevermore were printed at the bottom of the canvas just under the crow’s feet. She remembered Archer once mentioning in passing there being some drama in the man’s life, without going into particulars. If the picture was anything to go by, his life’s story had to be rather grim. Well, if Mr. Cairn’s private life was as bare and dreary as this room, they certainly were kin. Her life had taken a nosedive too. But she was a fighter. She didn’t, however, know about the man sitting opposite. She smiled when he lifted his eyes to start the interview. She wanted this job. She needed to find out exactly how Archer had died and what he was doing in the middle of the desert, far from the camp. She would never be able to move on with this unresolved question.
“I see you have a degree in biochemistry and have worked for Biologicum for five years.” His stare was on her and she was afraid of blushing. 
“Yes, the job was interesting. I worked on contaminated soil remediation but quit when they moved their headquarters to California. As you know, Archer traveled a lot and we thought it wiser not to pull up the roots we had put down here.” She had to stop speaking and look away to quell her tears. The wound was still raw and talking about Archer to this rather cold and composed man made her very uncomfortable. There was a faint rustling. When she faced him again, his features were set but she could read pain in his eyes. He looked apologetic as he held up a small rectangle of paper. Her curriculum vitae had been folded over and over. She looked at him inquiringly. “My hands get the better of me at times,” he explained, “They go to work on some object I pick up and help evacuate tension. When talking about the exponential growth of plant populations, Archer used to bring up the timeless trick of the folded sheet of paper. Fold it twenty-five times onto itself and you get a quarter of a mile, go on and when you reach forty-two foldings, you have covered the distance to the moon…  Believe me Mrs. Gold, I do miss him.”
Perhaps the composure was just a façade ? She couldn’t figure the man out.

“How did it go ?” Lucia met her in the hall of Gerri’s flat. She’d been waiting right behind the door, sitting on a chair she had placed there since Gerri phoned to tell her the interview was over. Her friend had given her a key immediately after Archer’s death and she had let herself in. Gerri shrugged out of her coat and kicked off the heels that had been torturing her feet all afternoon, as after the interview, Jaxon Cairn had shown her around the premises.
“I believe I’ve got the job,” she said, “but I don’t know what to think of the guy.”
“Don’t be so vague ! Begin at the beginning and don’t skimp on details.” Gerri could feel Lucia would have pushed her into the living room to plop her down on the sofa, if she hadn’t been so averse to touching or being touched.
“Details, always details… you are such a stickler for detail ! Don’t you know that shows you up as anally retentive ?” The temptation to tease was hard to resist and she grinned at her friend who was standing there, stiff as the sword of justice dressed in shades of grey, the emotionless color she favored. She knew why she valued Lucia’s friendship, the girl was her touchstone. Lucia, for all her quirky ways, helped her keep her head clear. She often wondered what was in the relationship for her friend, but trying to get her to spell it out would be like pulling teeth.
“Children too strongly chastised for toilet-training accidents develop personality traits such as orderliness, stubbornness and compulsions for control…” Lucia intoned as if reciting a lesson.
“Ok, ok, don’t get started, you sound like a Wikipedia page !”
“Good, so sit down and start telling !”
The two coasters Gerri had left on the low table the day before were now back in a tidy stack smack in the middle of the table. “I bet you don’t know how many coasters there are,” she said, playing for time. The interview had upset here more than she wanted to acknowledge.
“Twelve initially, but now only ten as you misplaced or inadvertently threw two out.”
Gerri sighed, “All right, you win. Let’s get started.” 
“The building, what’s it like ?”
“Quite large. U shaped with trees, some of them palms, and a lot of greenery in the space between the three sides of the buildings. As you certainly know, Neozymes is among the larger companies in the field of biotechnology. A lot of their research revolves around climate change. They pioneered the collecting of extremophiles and the study of the strategies and mechanisms that enable these organisms to thrive under harsh conditions. Conditions we shall all have to adapt to someday soon.”
“And they also scour the globe on the lookout for novel bioactive products and biological resources for pharmaceutical products. Which make one wonder about their ethics.” Depend on Lucia to know it all…
“Quite, and the man I saw, Jaxon Cairn, is head of the biotech collecting lab and does a lot of field work.”
“That’s the guy who employed Archer. What’s he like ? What did they have in common ?”
“It’s hard to say. Mrs. Pastow, the department secretary, a very amiable elderly woman, warned me about her boss when I signed in. He has a thing for germs, which according to her, got worse after some trouble with his wife a few years ago. He requires all new comers to cleanse their hands with a hydroalcoholic solution, a bottle of which is on every desk I saw. This phobia has increased in intensity, of course, since the news of the discovery of that new virus in the Middle-East, causing severe respiratory problems and transmitted by aerosols. He told me Neozymes has sent a team out to begin studying it.”
Mrs. Pastow had also expressed heartfelt condolences on Archer’s death. He had never been around long in headquarters, but she remembered him fondly and enjoyed his wry sense of humor. His carefree attitude contrasted sharply with her boss’s seriousness.
“So, like Lady Macbeth, but more successfully I hope, you cleansed your hands and were admitted into the boss’s lair ?” One of Lucia’s hands was moving along her long braid - it being Lucia it was a four-stranded braid - as if silently counting the number of times the golden strands had been woven together.
“Only after having my temperature taken… Lair isn’t really the word for his office, if you can call a bare room an office. If it weren’t for the desk and chairs it would look unoccupied.”
“No personal touch ? No posters or pictures ?” Lucia appeared to be speaking to the coasters.
“Nada. Just a desk and the few elements on it were carefully placed. A bottle of hydroalcoholic solution near at hand for the newcomer. A surprisingly old-fashioned crystal pen dish smack in the center containing two pens. My file right before him. His phone parallel to the file on the left. “
“No handshake ?”
“No. Reminded me of you, in fact… Obviously not the touchy feely type…” Gerri knew she’d get a reaction with those words.
Lucia snorted, “Very funny ! Beware of forming judgements too fast, Gerri, you might trip over yourself. Give me more details,” she urged as she returned to stacking and unstacking the coasters. Gerri wondered how they weren’t showing signs of wear. One day Lucia was going to drive her mad with her relentless scrutinizing.
“Good. So, the guy is tall, rather exotic looking…” she started.
“Be specific ! By exotic do you mean he sports a nose bone ? He files his teeth ?  He is coiffed with a turban ?
“Alright, no need to be sarcastic. There’s a great contrast between his skin tone - which is tawny and his nearly white hair.”
“Then that must be the guy standing apart on Archer’s last photograph. Hard to tell the guy’s skin color from the picture, looked to me as if he was sporting a tan, but the hair is white !”
“Yes, I think you are right. I’d never thought to try to identify the guys in the picture. I had eyes only for Archer.” Gerri swallowed and looked up towards the ceiling so the tears she felt coming wouldn’t start trickling down.
“Handsome ?”
She’d averted the waterworks and managed to steady her voice, “Lucia, how disappointing coming from you - please define handsome, so I’ve got a chance of answering your question accurately.”
“Yes, I know. One man’s pudding is another man’s poison  ; Beauty lies in the eye of the beholder, and so on. What I want to know is, would his face be considered - by an unbiased panel - agreeable ?”
“You certainly are a riot, Luce ! Agreeable is too lukewarm by far. Striking suits him better and I guess many on your panel would deem him handsome. His eyes are green, slightly hooded, his nose rather broad, and he’s got a firm jaw. But wait a minute, now that I come to think of it, I have a picture where he is facing the camera. I found it in the pocket of one of Archer’s field jackets when I was going through his things.”
It had been gruesome. When Gerri had finally found the strength to sort out the little that was left of Archer - clothes, a few books and his precious equipment - she had carried the lot into the spare room and gone through everything, stopping to cry when, after lifting to her face one of the last jackets he had worn, she had inhaled his scent. Archer still existed in the whiff of molecules that came off his clothes, a lock of hair secreted in a drawer, and in the recesses of her mind. Sometimes she wondered how she managed to bear his departure. But she had learned early that the way out of depression was action. And that had governed her decision to uncover what had really happened to her husband.
The women were now in the spare room, the flat’s no man’s land or limbo where her love’s things would sit until she had resolved what to do with them.
“Here, this is the picture I found,” Gerri held a snap out to Lucia, careful not to let their fingers touch. “I don’t know how old it is, there is no date behind.”
“There never is on pictures printed from phones. So that’s what this Jaxon looks like. Quite an unusual combination.”
Archer and Jaxon were standing on bracken beside each other, looking into the camera. Archer was almost as tall as Jaxon but their builds were different. Jaxon’s shoulders were much broader and although lean, he appeared heavier. But the men weren’t alone on the picture.
“Wonder who the woman next to Jaxon is,” Lucia mused, “She’s only showing her profile but I’d say she’s Asian. As to be expected, the style of the clothes doesn’t tell us anything about the epoch when the picture was taken, but it seems they are in a temperate place in early summer, judging by the vegetation one can see.”
Gerri hadn’t paid much attention to the woman. She’d had eyes only for Archer. But now that she knew Archer’s friend and employer was on it, she too wondered when the picture had been taken, on which expedition. For Archer, who was notoriously careless with possessions, to even keep a picture in his pocket, it had to have meant something to him.

Back in the living room, the picture was on the table, framed with coasters by Lucia, as if she were trying to imprison any bad vibes that could come from it.
“Did this Jaxon give you the grand tour of the Neozymes premises ?” she asked Gerri who seemed fascinated by the photograph.
She looked up slowly, “He showed me around. The labs are extensive and well-lit, and must be quite nice to work in. We also checked out the rooms where plants are dried, as well as huge hangars full of giant tanks for fermentation or storage.”
“Did he give you the well-honed spiel about how happy we will all be in the future to breakfast on synthetic eggs and lab-grown bacon after a spin in the bathroom to lather on some antiaging cream tailored to our very own genetic predisposition ?”
“Shame on you, Lucia, you are not being exhaustive !” Gerri couldn’t refrain from teasing her friend. “What about cars running on biofuels produced by microbes and clothes made of self-repairing fibers ?” She couldn’t help smirking.
“What ? No sales talk ?”
“No, he’s not very loquacious, there’s a dark side to that man and I can’t imagine him touting the company’s marketing slogans. This was just to get me acquainted with the place. He’ll send me a complete file with a full description of the vacancy and the company’s requirements.”
“That should be a good sign… So you think he’s considering you for the job ?
“You mean, apart from the fact that I’m Archer’s widow and he might feel he has make a gesture ?”
“Yes. Were there any signs that he took to you ? Stepping closer, the timid onset of tachypnea, dilatation of the pupils ?”
“Gosh, Lucia, stop using technical words and do remember that I’m not a machine, recording fluctuations in some biological entity.”
“Lucky you. I need data, waypoints to compose a picture of what people feel.” She had a point of course. Lucia burned bright, and her parents had named her well, but the light was masked, concealed within and only a few people got near enough to catch sight of it. Gerri regretted her quip. “I know, I’m sorry. Truth be told, I’m not sure. The guy is hard to read as I have already said. Most of the time he was quite at ease and then suddenly, he appeared a little embarrassed, but that could be put down to his hiring Archer for that last expedition, the one on which he died. And he couldn’t seem to get my name right… Called me Josephine a few times.”
“That could denote stress, you making him nervous.”
“Yes, indeed. And I’m interested in discovering why.”

When Lucia had left, Gerri warmed some milk and opened a packet of cookies. Meeting Archer’s employer, the guy who might be responsible for his death, had been taxing. Her gaze fell on the picture in the living room again. Archer was younger there and this brought back an incident in their early relationship that she had nearly forgotten. She hadn’t seen him for two weeks when he came back from a mission. That night, making love over at his place, for the first time Gerri got the feeling she was just another fuck. As she had driven home through the empty streets, she had been tempted to drop the relationship then and there. How could she let herself be just another lay in a long string of women ready to spread their legs for the man ? Because he had charm aplenty and women flocked to him. But she couldn’t let him go. She needed him, couldn’t relinquish his touch. It would be like kissing life goodbye, which was the price to pay to remain safe, to protect herself as she had done so far. And she had her father to thank for that. She was barely six when he snatched her after the divorce and headed to Las Vegas. He’d holed her up in a pokey flat with a load of toys and a few books while he sought day jobs, more often than not coming back with a bottle of booze. He consumed it sitting in the kitchen where he had set up a few cushions for her to snuggle on and used to rant, at times cursing himself, at others blaming that bitch, her mother, for not loving him right. Food was scarce - mostly stuff coming out of boxes or tins - but he never hit her as she had seen him do to her mother. Every now and then when he brought home some floozy stupid enough to follow him, he would lock her up in the kitchen cupboard, some shred of decency leading him to think the din of his love making would be less audible there than in her tiny room alongside his. After a couple of months, she had organized a daily routine for herself and was allowed to leave the flat in the morning for a few hours. “You’re a good reasonable girl,” he’d said when she had asked permission to go out on her own, “you won’t talk to any strange man, will you ? There are some bad people out there.” In spite of her youth, the irony was not lost on her. She often wondered why her mother hadn’t done something to find her, but quickly put the thought out of mind as it just made her feel blue. On her rounds, she had met two other children. Larry, a scrawny five-year old boy and Mel, a chubby eight-year-old girl who were left to their own devices along with Shanny, an older girl with a pixie face, half hidden by a shock of bleached hair, who had run away from home. She told them she was sixteen, which Gerri didn’t believe, and claimed she started turning tricks in her home town when she was twelve. Larry, of course, wanted to know what kind of tricks she turned. Magicians fascinated him and what he wanted most was to go to one of the Magic shows downtown. Shanny had the decency to answer it was girly stuff, of no interest to boys. Gerri, on the other hand, had a quite clear idea of what the girl did for a living. Shanny told them that back home, she hated her big brother because he took most of her earnings. She tried complaining to her parents, but the only result was that her father began calling her a whore and one night that he had drunk more than usual, the man crashed into her small room unbuckling his pants. She escaped, squeezing through the small window as he reached for her legs, scraping the skin off her bare shoulders and never looked back.
“I always had a stash of money on me,” she told the children sitting around her on the curb, who gazed up at her in wonder. She had cash. She had power ! There wasn’t much traffic on that street and they had staked out their own little place, in the angle between two buildings. Gerri felt cozy there, more so than in the flat. “With money you are free !” Gerri knew the girl was right. And it seemed everyone was indeed always talking about money. There were giant posters with men wearing tuxedos and glamorous women in long tight dresses on all the streets telling people how they could make money, win money, strike gold and enjoy the good life. Maybe her mommy didn’t have the money to come and get her ? The younger kids didn’t have much to talk about and remained mostly silent, but Shanny always had a story to tell. She would talk about the clothes she had seen women wearing downtown on the Strip, or show off some new acquisition such as a sequined bag or ritzy oversized sun glasses. Larry wasn’t too keen on her babble, but he liked to sit between Gerri and Mel and would usually doze off when Shanny began talking of her dreams for the future. Her goal in life was simple. It was to take part in a television reality show. She would go on and on about makeup, the fabulous clothes she would get to wear and perhaps keep, the grand villas and their incredible swimming pools. Mel would ask who would be there with her and the answer was always the same - a bunch of girls, not as sexy as her, of course, and plenty of good-looking guys to choose from. Larry would perk up only when she described the crazy sports cars she would be chauffeured around in or the water sports they would spend the day enjoying. When Larry asked her one day if she knew how to swim, she told him to shut up. Quite often, their little group would be broken up by a man whistling to Shanny and she would get up to follow him. As she moved away, wearing her customary mini shorts and tank top, her slim legs and narrow shoulder blades revealed how young she was. Later, when older, Gerri realized that the girl never let the men get near the children and was deeply thankful to her. She had often wondered what had become of the girl. The few times that switching on the television she had happened on some reality show where a gang of scantily clothed girls were parading before young men lounging around doing nothing, she had never seen anyone remotely resembling Shanny. Whenever she thought of her, she felt blue. Where the girl was heading was only too obvious. Gerri shuddered. Such a fate could have hers too…
She finished her milk and rose, snapping out of her musings. There were no answers to be found in the past
Chapter 4 - Now - Jaxon

Jaxon was back in his office, leafing through Geraldine Gold’s file again, careful not to start folding one of the pages up. He’d agreed to interview her for the position because she was Archer’s widow and had the required qualifications. Archer had married recently, and Jaxon had never given a thought to who the woman might be. He’d been much too busy with his work and trying to cope with his own sorrows, which reminded him that tomorrow he was due to visit his son. He automatically reached for the bottle of solution and cleansed his hands. If only he could wash his hands as easily of the mess his life was ! More than anything, he hated uncertainty. And uncertainty is what he’d been mired in for years now. Seeing Archer’s wife had brought back how much he’d enjoyed the man’s carefree attitude. Out in the field with the team Jaxon felt the nagging anxiety that was his daily load slip off his shoulders. But Archer was dead and right now, he needed to get a hold on himself and analyze the emotions this woman’s visit had given rise to. He’d gone and made a right fool of himself, got her name wrong a couple of times. Was it because she had known his friend, had been loved by him or because she reminded him of his wife - a stronger, healthier version of the woman ? Could he not give her the job when her husband had died on one of their field trips ? Didn’t he owe it to his friend ? He sighed. There were two more candidates to interview but once the secretary had brought their files in there was little doubt Archer’s wife would be the ideal recruit. Indeed, her degree and job experience far outdid what the two other candidates had to offer. Jaxon passed his hand through his hair, his fingers reminding him it was getting long and needed a trim, as he gazed out of the window at the serene blue sky. He could feel Geraldine would be easy to work with and integrate with the team smoothly, but was her applying to the company where her husband had worked a way of being near him or could it mean trouble ? Who exactly was she ?

As always when he needed to clear his mind and make an important decision, he drove over to his club, the Tirone, for a training session, informing Mrs. Pastow that he wouldn’t be back until later in the afternoon. Early on, he’d become fascinated by Rome and its gladiators, a world he had discovered through a pile of old books left in the attic by a previous tenant of the rambling house his parents had bought, pouring all their savings into it. In his family’s disorganized home what he needed after his brother’s sudden death - which he imputed to his parents’ negligence - was order, symmetry and exactness. And he’d found these qualities to be those presiding a gladiator’s training. Working out had helped him stay sane, saved him from being engulfed by despair after Colton’s death. Later he understood that he had put into practice one of the main tenets of stoicism - focus on what you can control and don’t worry about the rest. As many before him, he’d been fascinated by the character of Milo of Croton, the greatest wrestler of his generation, a man who devised a clever way to progressively increase his strength. Legend had it that he hoisted a new born bull onto his shoulders one day and walked around with it. This provided such a good workout that he repeated it day after day. Both the bull and Milo grew stronger and larger as time went by. The story or legend had taught the boy that one could shoulder great burdens if given time to adapt. In theory, of course. In real life, how much could one adapt to the blows received before reaching breakpoint ? After a warm up, Jaxon decided that today a series of resistance exercises would be just the thing to evacuate stress, followed by high intensity interval training outdoors, on the club’s grounds, alternating jogging and sprinting for ten minutes to build explosiveness. Weapons training would have to wait for his next visit. He wasn’t up to facing an adversary, but he enjoyed the wordless togetherness of men silently working out around him. He knew that all the guys in the room saw themselves as those champions of yore whose heroic feats were acclaimed by delirious crowds. Funnily enough, in this environment, his phobia of germs disappeared as it did when he was out in the field. The only explanation he could find was that his brother’s tragic death had bound the notion of microbes and infection to certain locations.

Chapter 5 – Then – Taking flight

Harleth was back on her stone perch facing the Mediterranean. There was nothing magical about living with James. She didn’t think she could put up with him much longer. Of late he had been remarking on the similarity between her name and the word harlot, as if comparing her to a hetaira hadn’t been enough. Once men paid you, common decency went down the drain fast. James wasn’t the first to show his true colors. Younger men became vicious because they were ashamed of having to pay for sex, and older ones because, although they wanted to parade with a woman who would make their cronies drool, well knew they were not up to the challenge. She was piqued by her old lover gazing at every bouncy peasant girl they came across. From a toddler, she’d been accustomed to igniting the stage. How could he thus snub her ? Well, she knew how to get back at him. When he started rambling about his dig, as if she were one of his students, she would pout, remain silent and look away, sighing. The only attraction this pile of rock jutting out of the sea had for her was the mysterious Minotaur. He too was lost in a dark labyrinth. What did it do to him to be separated from all living creatures and never once see the sun, bask in its warmth ? Perhaps she should enter such a maze. Would losing all reference to the world outside help free her mind, thus enabling her to discover her true path in life ? Yesterday, she’d snapped out of the coma she feared she would slip into while listening to James lecture, when he had started talking about the altered states common in shamanism which reveal a different take on reality. States in which other living beings are not considered as objects, something to use or make money with, but as belonging to the great web of life, each element inextricably entangled with all the others, life in all its forms communicating. Seeing he had caught her attention, he went on to explain how Paleolithic art presented many weird hybrid figures such as that of the Sorcerer found in a French cave. This figure combined the antlers of a stag, a man’s haunches and legs, the tail of a horse and a bearded face. Now looking out at the sea at her feet her mind had drifted back to the Minotaur. Could the Minoan cult of the bull be an echo from the distant past, traveling through millennia, as James had suggested ? Bulls were ubiquitous in stone age paintings and he’d even gone as far as to wonder if the bison man in the Chauvet cave might not be the distant forerunner of the Minotaur. A clamor of voices interrupted her reverie, and turning away from the sea, she nearly fell off her perch for there, slowly coming into view as he reached the top of the hill, was a bronzed god-like creature. The muscles were clearly visible on his bare chest and arms and the black t-shirt tucked into the back of his tan shorts formed a kind of tail. The man had a full head of whitish hair flowing like a mane down to his shoulders. She remained paralyzed as she watched James go over to meet the newcomer, who was soon joined by two young women in rumpled kaki shirts and shorts. After taking in the trio and deciding the girls were of no consequence, Harleth passed her hand through her hair to fan it out and, biting her lips to redden them, she sauntered over to the small group. If this creature was not the Minotaur, then it was Theseus come to rescue her from her old man.
“There you are Harleth !” James was being the gracious host, “Meet Jaxon Cairn, a young biologist writing a thesis on bioactive products, and the use of indigenous knowledge when collecting specimens, and two other students, Janey and Marisa.”
Harleth hadn’t a clue what bioactive products were, but she graciously smiled at the girls. They were indeed not competing at the same level. Marisa was a chubby and sweaty brunette with a round face and close-set eyes. Janey had good hair, it was long and blond, but she was very tall, pencil-thin and graced with a crooked nose. Seeing the two girls standing side by side made Harleth think of the number ten and she took a few deep breaths not to burst out laughing. She couldn’t imagine their companion sleeping with them, although the girls must be seriously drooling after him. She knew she would ! When she turned to face the newcomer, a strange feeling came over her. His face was closer to that of a lion than a bull’s, but the same feral quality was there and his eyes bore deep into her, making her quake, although nothing in his attitude let her think he had registered her as a sexy woman. With a slight bow acknowledging her presence, he moved away and began asking James questions about the dig. She retreated in the shade of one of the great walls of the palace when the group gathered and began talking shop, no one paying her the slightest attention. James was a conceited fool to let himself be seen in the company of such a juicy specimen of manliness. Thinking of the older man’s paunch and balding head, Harleth shivered. She picked up her bag, calling out that she was ready for a drink in the small café at the entrance of the village, and sauntered off, certain James would follow with his retinue. The looks the men loitering around the café shot her made her smile. She couldn’t resist changing positions on one of the rickety bistro chairs, now and then absently running a caressing hand over one of her bare thighs, as if to flick away some insect. While appearing totally unaware of the interest stirred by her presence, she monitored the scene behind her oversized shades. She hadn’t quite finished her diet coke when she was startled by the waitress, a gruff old crow dressed in black from head to toe, sporting a bristly moustache, who lurched up to her wanting to know if she wished to eat. Glancing at her watch, Harleth realized the others were not going to join her. Well, she didn’t need anybody to have fun. Half concealed by the laurel bushes, a youth had been staring at her for quite some time. He probably thought she hadn’t noticed him. She lazily stretched her arms above her head, lifting her full breasts and shook out her long hair. Then she pulled a mirror and her lipstick out of her bag and slowly painted her lips, mouth half open. When she lowered her shades and winked directly to the youth who had taken a step closer, she saw him beat a retreat behind the bushes. This was going to be a treat. He had the broad bull neck of a man used to pulling up nets and his tight jeans were quite revealing. Paying her bill, she slowly got up and leaving the café, headed for a shaded path leading down to the beach. Drawn by the sway of her hips, the youth was soon to follow. He came face to face with her when he turned round the first bend in the path. She was taller but the intensity of his stare made up for her advantage. Licking her lips, she seized his hand and led him into the brush, to the bare soil under a huge pine tree. He gasped when she pulled off her top, her full breasts bouncing free before his eyes. Stripping without a word, he lay his shirt on the ground and seizing her arm, knocked her off her feet with one swift move of his leg. His arms were a vice around her as his muscular torso crushed her breasts. The coupling was fierce and short, leaving her breathing heavily, slightly dazed, while the youth jumped up, pulled on his jeans and, reaching under her, recuperated his shirt none too gently. And then he was off, disappearing into the foliage. It didn’t worry her. She had needed that as much as he did. James’s manhood was just too feeble to provide her with any kind of satisfaction. Well, now she felt she could go back to the dig and face whatever was in store for her there. The soft glow in her belly made her feel powerful, beyond anyone’s reach. Better brush the pine needles off, however, and shake out her hair. When she got back to the dig, she found James pottering around, humming to himself. She came to stand opposite him and waited till he acknowledged her. “Had a nice lunch ?” he inquired, taking in her slightly disheveled appearance, “Must have been one spicy dish …” She shrugged and looked around. “They’ve left ?”
“Yes, had to catch a boat back to the mainland. Must say I haven’t seen such keen students in a long time, particularly the tall blond one, she seemed to know more about this island’s plants than I do !”
“The conversation must have been downright fascinating…” Harleth put forth.
“Indeed, it was and quite refreshing to be around such healthy, clever young women.” There was malice in his eyes as he went on, “And of course, being well-mannered, they inquired about you, wanting to know if you were one of my students. I’m afraid I had to be truthful at the price of shocking them somewhat. Told them you were arm candy, an old man’s treat…” She lifted her hand to smack his ugly wrinkled face, but thought better of it. She’d been striving to find a way out of the maze she was stumbling about in since childhood. Perhaps the time had come. This man’s scorn would be her fuel. Her mind was made up, she was getting out.
“Well, I’ll pack up and be on my way, James. You’ll certainly want a list of specialized agencies catering to older men where you can hire a companion suited to your few needs. I’ll email it to you shortly.”
Without another word, she went over to the box where the Minotaur’s head was stored and kissed its muzzle. “We’ll find our way out, you and I,” she murmured, as James stood rooted to the spot, speechless.
Chapter 6 - Now - Disclosures

Gerri had been working for Neozymes for a month now, and was settling in. She was very grateful to Mrs. Pastow. a motherly fifty-some spinster with quite a few extra pounds and a pronounced taste for pink, who had taken her under her wing, helping her through all the administrative rigamarole. Being part of Jaxon’s team was exhilarating. Thanks to advances in omics technologies, they were working on extremozymes and the bioactive compounds they produced that were necessary for developments in molecular biology. Gerri had never stopped to consider that over 80 % of the planet was covered by extreme environments and that a wide variety of organisms had succeeded in colonizing and proliferating in such habitats. She was so absorbed by the job that at times she forgot the real reason that had prompted her to work there, and had to admit that it was a relief not to be home mopping around. Moreover, she welcomed the money. However, her need to know came back to her in a rush the few times she managed to be alone with the boss. Then he tended to become even more awkward and stiff than usual, curtailing their meeting under some pretext, which made her even more determined to dig into Archer’s death.

Over coffee one day, Mrs. Pastow told Gerri she was thinking of adopting a toy dog, as it would encourage her to go for walks. When she mentioned moving flats because she wished to have a garden for her little companion, Gerri immediately offered to help. Weekends were dull more often than not. She had learned that many people think twice before approaching a grieving person. Lucia, who she was closest to, worked in computational linguistics and when she got immersed in a job, accumulated over hours without batting an eyelid and was seldom free at weekends. Gerri and Mrs. Pastow had started work early on the older woman’s flat, and when Selma, Mrs. Pastow’s niece dropped in, the two women were busy pulling out clothes from wardrobes and going through cupboards. Quite a few possessions were for the bin. However, there were also piles of sweaters and a load of skirts that looked new. When Gerri queried her friend about them Mrs. Pastow made a wry face and pointed to her figure in the full-length mirror next to the chest of drawers. “I bought an outfit or two in size twelve - which was my goal - every time I launched out on a new diet, just to boost me… but I never lost enough weight to be able to wiggle into the clothes.”
“You must have gone on a great number of diets,” Gerri remarked, eyeing the stack of clothes.
“You can say that again !” the woman sighed, “Got taken in by every new fad until I found a support group for diet junkies. We meet every month with two counselors and through discussing and sharing we come to accept the fact that we can’t go against the body nature gave us. I will never have a model’s figure, like you lucky duckies, and I’ve made my peace with it,” she said winking at Gerri and Selma. “Now don’t let my confession make you uncomfortable,” she went on, realizing that the girls didn’t know what to say, “I’m perfectly happy with how I am. Come on, girls ! let’s not dally, Selma, do check out those pieces of furniture over there. You might find something to your liking.” 
The young woman who had come back a week before from a lengthy mission in the Near East, working as an interpreter, was now fixing up a flat she had just rented, as she’d been offered a job which didn’t require traveling.
“I’ve seen pictures of that boss of yours !” Selma joked, as she wrapped her long dark hair into a bun before going over to have a look at the furniture. “No wonder auntie has a crush on him!”
“Selma, don’t you dare say such a thing !” Mrs. Pastow tried to look indignant.
Gerri had to smile. The girl was spot on. The woman did indeed have a soft spot for her boss.
“That man needs all the sympathy he can get,” Mrs. Pastow began and then stopped, lips pressed tightly together.
“Why ? How so ?” Selma inquired, “Another sob tale of a rotten childhood ?”
“I wouldn’t know about his childhood. Mr. Cairn, as you have certainly noticed, Geraldine, is very discreet about his family and youth, but there could be something there. Right from the start I found him uncommonly attentive to detail. It was quite a challenge to adapt to his requirements, and this only got worse after the business with his wife…” Mrs. Pastow stopped speaking. There was a frown on her face and her hands started to sort out books from the box before her faster and faster.
“Auntie ! You can’t stop now, do tell us all about the sexy Mr. Cairn !”
Gerri’s ears had pricked up too, she was eager to hear more.
Mrs. Pastow sighed and looked at both girls in turn, “Promise not to go gossiping ? He has enough troubles as it is, and we don’t want more people whispering behind his back…”
“I didn’t even know he was married,” Gerri put in, “Archer never spoke about a wife.”
“That’s just it !” Mrs. Pastow agreed. “His wife disappeared four years ago, leaving him with a twelve-year-old boy.”
“Disappeared ? What do you mean ?” Gerri was taken aback.
“Apparently, she just got up and left one bright day and nobody has seen her since. When he told me about it, I couldn’t help thinking of A.A. Milne’s poem Disobedience and James Morrison’s mother ‘Lost or stolen or strayed’”
“That doesn’t make sense !” Gerri exclaimed. “Nobody can disappear nowadays !”
“Well, she managed it. She took her passport and credit cards, although these haven’t been used. I know that for a fact because Mr. Cairn asked me to monitor them.”
“So, where is she ?” Selma wanted to know.
“That’s anybody’s guess. She must have left with some rich man who provides for her.”
Gerri could imagine another, much grimmer, possibility but wasn’t going to voice it now.
“What about the kid ? What woman would abandon her child ?” Selma was shaking her head in disbelief.
Mrs. Pastow snorted. “You’d be surprised at the numbers. Some women feel alienated from their former self or crushed under the responsibility for a new life. Stories abound as I found out when Margaret, my best friend, flew the coop some years ago, leaving three young ones behind. Fortunately, their father is a level-headed man and has coped quite well.” Mrs. Pastow shook her head and sighed before going on, “But to get back to Mr. Cairn and his wife, their son was a difficult child from day one, prone to mood swings and bursts of violence. Things got worse after his mother’s departure…”
“That’s not surprising ! Who looks after him now ?” Gerri inquired, conscious that Jaxon was often abroad.
“The situation got so bad that the boy had to be institutionalized, I believe he was diagnosed with schizophrenia,” Mrs. Pastow said, “and every time Mr. Cairn comes back from visiting him he’s shattered, although he does his best to hide it.”
Mrs. Pastow’s tale had dampened the mood and the women worked in silence till Selma startled them by a sudden series of powerful sneezes. 
“Hope you didn’t catch a nasty germ on the plane !” her aunt said. “Let’s make some tea. We can sweeten it with honey, it’s good for coughs and has antibacterial and antifungal properties.”
“Wow, Auntie !” Don’t you sound learned !”
“Comes from working in the world of science, dearie, I pick up a few things,” Mrs. Pastow winked as she spoke.
Gerri was silent. To her knowledge, there were now two people having come to harm around Jaxon. She needed to get beyond the man’s façade and find out who he truly was.
Shortly after the tea break, Selma said her head was pounding and Mrs. Pastow told her to go home, that she was most likely coming down with some bug.
For quite a while after the girl’s departure, the women concentrated on the business at hand, packing up knick-knacks, folding clothes into boxes or piling them up to give away. When the wardrobes and cupboards were empty, the pictures taken off the wall, the kitchen ware boxed up, the two women flopped on to the sofa, Gerri massaging her neck and shoulders. She was quite a bit taller than Mrs. Pastow and bending over all afternoon had taken its toll.
“I must say, I had no idea our boss was married,” she started, “Archer never mentioned a wife, although it was to be expected. Forty-year-old bachelors don’t abound.””
“I know you will be discreet, so I can tell you this. The company’s big boss was always asking Mr. Cairn to bring his wife to the ritual office parties held in one or another posh hotel. He’d seen a picture of her standing next to her husband when a magazine did a piece on his research, and was eager to meet her.”
“Was she beautiful ?”
“She was. I only met her once when I ran into them in a restaurant. She was tall, with wide-set eyes and high cheek bones, a little like you, my dear, but her mouth was different, obviously accustomed to pouting. And she had a flowing mane of golden hair. They certainly formed a striking couple…” Mrs. P’s voice faltered.
“And yet something was amiss ?”
“I never expected to see such a man married to the kind of woman who models for Victoria’s Secret.”
“There’s no accounting for taste and few people are insensitive to beauty. Why didn’t he want to introduce her to his colleagues ?”
“It surprised me. As a rule, men like to show off their women. Anyhow, he declined all invitations. However, the one time she did accompany him to a Christmas party in some venue there was a small incident.”
“What happened ?”
“From what I gathered, one of the hotel’s clients, a businessman from another state, mingling with the Neozyme crowd got fresh with her and she threw her glass of champagne into his face.”
“I don’t blame her ! Men still tend to see us as up for grabs.”
“I agree, but looking at that woman somehow brought to mind an unmade bed, whereas looking at you, I see the gym or the race track ! Mind you, that being said, I’m not excusing the man !”
Gerri snorted, “Guess I’m not all that sexy. But the point is that however a woman is dressed or looks, it makes no difference - men are not entitled to go help themselves !”
“Of course, you are right, but I’m a realist and when I was young, I was careful to dress in a way that would not incite some bloke to reach out for the goods, even if this somewhat limited my freedom.” Mrs. Pastow had stopped speaking to scan the nearly empty flat and it was with a wide smile that she went on. “We can congratulate ourselves as we seem to have managed to get almost everything into boxes so you, young lady, had better start on your way home to soak in a warm bath. You look a little peaked, right now.”
Once she reached her car, the seats were cold. The material of her light blue overalls was thin and she’d not thought to bring along a sweater as the sun had been shining brightly that norming. The spring sun had now set and a few chills ran down Gerri’s back as she drove home. She would brew some tea and follow Mrs. Pastow’s advice - enjoy the luxury of a nice warm bath. It would help relax her tense muscles.
Chapter 7 – Now – The virus

When Gerri got to work the next morning, Mrs. Pastow was just putting down her phone looking shellshocked. “That was Selma, she’s ill, she’s tested positive for the virus that has been spreading through the Middle East.” The woman was obviously furious with herself for letting the pleasure of seeing Selma, her only niece, taking precedence over caution. She picked up the thermometer and sighed when she saw the reading. “I have to inform the Mr. Cairn immediately, I’m running a slight fever now and having chills, although when I came in I was fine,” she fluttered, pulling out an enormous handkerchief and patting her nose. Well, that meant she, Gerri, would have to quarantine herself too, hoping she hadn’t caught the damn thing.
Once informed, Jaxon immediately ordered the whole office and lab shut down and all the employees quarantined for five days while the premises would be disinfected.
Back home, after having loaded the car with enough food to last a week, Gerri sat on the thick sky-blue Chinese rug Archer had chosen, with her back against the sofa, staring at her feet. Her nails were in sore need of attention, the polish having almost completely worn off. But she couldn’t be bothered with that now. She had brewed a pot of tea and hoped it would help dispel the slight nausea she felt. Was she really showing symptoms of the virus or was it her imagination getting the better of her, triggering the pernicious nocebo effect ? She picked up a framed picture of Archer she had placed on the low table and looked at it. Being in solitary confinement brought back with full force how much she missed him, how bitter she was at his life being cut short, at her being left stranded, alone. Now that she knew Jaxon Cairn a little better, she could see how the two of them had hit it off, especially as Mrs. Pastow had told her that once out of the office and far from civilization, the boss was said to be a quite different person. Gone was his phobia of germs. To get information about a plant from indigenous people, he was ready to go to any lengths, take part in their ceremonies, even drink beverages made from masticated yuca root spit into jars and left to ferment. As any biologist worth their salt knew, using the filter of indigenous knowledge made collecting tenfold more effective. The man definitely puzzled her and she was no closer to finding out the real circumstances of Archer’s death. At times, forgetting the mission she had embarked on, she had caught herself enjoying working alongside him. When discussing a result or a new path of investigation, he loosened up, became less austere. His eyes lit up and his voice took on a rich coloring, quite different from his usual neutral tone. She looked around the room, feeling trapped, wondering how she would put up being in lockdown for a week. Sadness was creeping up on her. She had to shake it off and activity was as always the best remedy, the only way to bear this enforced retreat. She went over to her desk in the bedroom and fired up the computer to tackle the invisible enemy that threatened to fell her, as it was doing so many people around the world. Working in bioremediation she’d dealt with bacteria, fungi or plants that had the ability to render contaminants harmless, but she had not had much to do with viral diseases. The articles she found were disappointing. The virus spreading now was new and little was known about it. Reading through the list of symptoms most commonly exhibited, she began coughing and had to get up for a glass of water. Once at the tap, her head began to spin and she held on tight to the back of one of the kitchen chairs not to sink to the floor. She cursed herself for having perused the list of symptoms, knowing that the mind is a crafty beast, always ready to play tricks on one. Giving up on trying to find any worthwhile information on the new scourge and casting around for some other occupation, she recalled she hadn’t yet gone through all the documents brought home after leaving her job at Biologicum. Returning to her desk, she pulled open the largest drawer. It felt good to pull out file after file of now useless information, and make neat piles she tied up with string ready to be carted down to the paper bin. She had nearly reached the bottom of the stack when a word caught her eye : Biopiracy. Such an article didn’t belong to her, she’d never had to deal with the topic. Pulling out all the documents left in the drawer, she leafed through them, frowning. These had to be Archer’s. Why were they placed under her files and articles ? Had he sought to hide them ? And if so, why ? She took the lot and went back to the sofa, coughing all the way. Jaxon Cairn was head of the bioprospecting unit at Neozymes. Did Archer have doubts about the man’s ethics, and had he become friends with him to investigate the company ? Was Neozymes patenting molecules drawn from indigenous knowledge of medicinal plants without authorization or compensation to the people living in the regions where the plants were collected ? She found a picture Archer had cut out from a newspaper article. It showed five people standing under a banner on which the words Surtribal.org were written in large letters.
In the picture, her husband was standing next to three younger men and a woman - the same slightly Asian woman that was on the snap found in one of his pockets. Gerri had never heard Archer speak of this organization. Gazing at the documents she felt a lump form in her throat, started to sniffle and was close to tears. She had trusted Archer from day one, their coming together had felt right from the start and yet now, she wondered if she had really known him. Who could this woman be and what kind of organization was Surtribal ? She rose, meaning to return to the computer, but had to sit back down and put her head between her knees for a few seconds. She had almost blacked out. What was going on ? Could the shock of realizing Archer had been hiding aspects of his life from her, along with being hedged in the empty flat bring back the claustrophobia of her childhood, of those endless hours of boredom spent locked in a closet ? Was she going to have a panic attack ? So far, she had never experienced one, but had witnessed her mother having plenty and knew the symptoms well : racing heartbeat, chest pain, chills, dizziness. It would probably be best to forget about looking up Surtribal right now. She got up, holding on to the back of the chair to steady herself and scanned the room. Had Archer secreted away any more documents ? In spite of a slight nausea, she felt the urge to know. Dropping onto her hands and knees, she started in the left-hand corner of the room, feeling if anything was hidden along the plinth under the wall-to-wall carpet they had planned to remove but never got round to doing. Thinking back to how they had cross fired over a parquet floor or a lighter shade of natural fiber carpet, tears welled up and she had to stop to blow her nose and reach into her pocket for a cough drop, her throat having begun to itch. Would she even stay in this flat now that he was dead ? She had felt a ferocious pleasure in pulling things out of Mrs. Pastow’s drawers and boxing them up. Was she ready to do that here ? As she moved along, her knees complaining, she reached their common chest of drawers and eased it away from the wall. Where the chest had been, her fingers found a lump under the carpet. With a deep intake of breath, she slipped her hand between the carpet and the floorboards and pulled out a cheap phone, a barebone device, like one of those favored by drug dealers in gangster films. Apparently, it hadn’t been used, it was just secreted there. But for what use ? To chat with some woman Archer had been seeing on the side ? His job took him away quite often and she had never thought to question his absences. Holding back her tears, she quickly finished going round the room, sweating heavily, head throbbing, temples in a vice, but found nothing more. She was beginning to feel really off color, like nothing she had ever experienced before. Archer’s shady side would have to wait. Right now, she wasn’t up to trying to make sense of what she’d discovered. She needed to phone Mrs. Pastow to find out if she was also experiencing weird symptoms. To her surprise, the phone rang and rang. She was about to give up when it was finally answered. 
“Mrs. Pastow’s home,” a woman’s voice said.
“Hello, could I speak to Anabella Pastow, please? “
“Who is calling ?”
“It’s Geraldine, one of her colleagues,”
“I’m sorry, but Mrs. Pastow was taken to hospital ten minutes ago. I’m one of her neighbors. She asked me to water her plants while she was away. I don’t know how she could live in this flat, with most of her possessions boxed up.” The woman sounded bewildered.
“She is moving next week,” Geraldine managed to put in before sneezing, turning her head away from the phone just in time not to burst the woman’s eardrum, “Do you know why they took her to the hospital ?”
 “The poor woman could hardly breathe. Couldn’t get out of bed. There was only about 85% of oxygen in her blood the doctor said. When she rang me asking for help, I hardly recognized her voice !”
Geraldine didn’t want to ask the next question but she had to, “Did they say it was this new virus ?”
“You bet they did ! Told me to strap on a mask, wash my hands thoroughly and not come back into the flat before the anti-viral spray has done its work. The phone rang when I was at the door. I just hope I haven’t caught the damn thing ! Guess no good deed goes unpunished, as they say…” There was not much kindness in the woman’s tone.
Geraldine thought it was a good thing Mrs. Pastow was moving away from such an unfeeling neighbor. It wouldn’t be a great loss. “Can one visit her ?”
“No way, those who are contaminated are quarantined. We’ll see her if she gets better.”
“Are you serious ? You make it sound as if she is condemned !”
“You weren’t here to hear what the doctors said. This virus is a killer and it spreads like wildfire. Another gift from overseas. I hope to God the government finally starts shutting down the borders. We certainly don’t need any more sand monkeys flowing in from those Arab countries…”
Gerri had heard enough and barely managed to wish the woman good day before hanging up. She tried phoning Selma, but got no answer. By now, she was shivering and dreamed of climbing into bed with a pot of tea. Would she have to be quarantined in the hospital ? She put in a call to her physician, but couldn’t get beyond his secretary who outlined the official directives in case of contamination in a bored voice, having probably been doing it for the past week - they were simple : isolate yourself, rest and in case of respiratory problems, call an ambulance immediately.
She snuggled under the covers and tried doing a few respiratory exercises, in spite of her runny nose, to ward off the tightness in her chest. As she fell asleep, she could feel the outline of the burner phone she had placed under her pillow. Her thoughts drifted back to Archer. She was sure he had loved her and doubting his integrity felt wrong, all wrong. Now, with her head throbbing and chills running down her back, she couldn’t afford to think of him as some shady individual, leading a parallel life, someone who had lied to her without a qualm. She needed solace and drifted off feeling Archers warm hands caressing her body.
Chapter 8 – Then - Romance

Jaxon seldom visited the dentist. His mother had often envied his perfect smile, saying he must have inherited his strong set of teeth from his distant forefather, a sailor from the Caribbean who seduced a bonny English maid in Liverpool, back in the days. Those exotic genes certainly explained his mocha complexion too. His mother hadn’t believed her eyes when she first glimpsed her newborn’s tawny skin. Anyhow, now he was on his way to see the tooth puller, and none too happy about it. The evening before, he had attended a party thrown by one of his assistants, a girl heavily into the macrobiotic rave and crock pot cooking. Yesterday’s meal had contained plenty of wholegrains among which he believed he identified barley and brown rice and, unfortunately for him, too late, a small stone which he clamped down on, breaking off a piece of tooth. If the tooth hadn’t been sensitive, he would have let it go, although the sharp edge did tend to irritate his tongue. He’d just started his first real job and was very busy. Anyhow, the dentist’s assistant had been particularly gracious on the phone and had fitted him in over the lunch hour. The surgery housed a number of dentists whose names figured in gold letters on a dark metal plaque. Pushing the glass doors, he walked up to reception. When the woman sitting behind the desk turned round, he experienced a slight sense of déjà vu. She had a model’s good looks, high cheekbones, large grey eyes and a sensuous mouth, but without the usual arrogant stare informing lowly onlookers that she was conscious of belonging to an elite, that of the physical flawless. Announcing himself, he took a step closer. There was a childish, kittenish quality to her, emphasized by the pink and white stripped dress she was wearing, which intrigued him.
“You’re Dr Hart’s twelve fifteen appointment, aren’t you ?” she inquired, looking up at him with a smile which illuminated the stark surroundings. Obviously, this surgery had not wasted money on interior design. There were no colorful pictures on the light grey walls, no potted plants. You knew immediately what you were here for - to suffer.
“Yes, and thank you for finding a slot for me.”
“We aim to please !” she joked. “Now, do take a seat in the waiting room while you fill in this form. Dr. Hart is running a little late, but you shouldn’t have to wait long.”
He took the clipboard from her and chose a seat facing reception in the empty waiting room. Dr Hart was the only dentist to accept lunch hour patients. When he glanced up from his task, the young woman was looking at him, frowning. He got up, form in hand and went over to her.
“Have we already met ?” he wanted to know.
She shook her head, smiling, “That’s just what I was wondering. I do believe I have seen you before, but it must be some time ago.”
“Well, it will come back to us, in the meantime, I’m Jaxon Cairn, pleased to meet you,” he said, holding out his hand, something he never did if he could avoid it.
 “And I’m Harleth Shaw,” she volunteered, gently taking hold of his hand.
Just then Dr Hart’s door opened and a young woman in a strict navy skirt suit came out, one hand holding her cheek, the other clasping her large Hermès handbag. Obviously, Jaxon wasn’t the only professional to have wrangled a lunch appointment.
“Point me to the powder room, please, I can’t go back to work looking like this !” she said, speaking to the receptionist, but eyeing Jaxon. He was accustomed to women, men too sometimes, ogling him, the contrast between his mellow complexion and his mane of whitish hair accounted for that, but it always made him uncomfortable, as if being some object on display, and he could easily sympathize with women who complained of men treating them as prey.
As the brunette turned round to head for the restroom, Dr. Hart, a portly heavy-featured man with a crew cut, appeared at the door and ushered Jaxon in.
“Not quite so bad as you feared ?” the receptionist smiled when he came out a quarter of an hour later.
“Was it that obvious ?” Jaxon asked, tongue furtively checking out the repair that had been carried out.
She rolled her eyes playfully, “I shouldn’t say this, but to see a big man like you look around anxiously just because he has to see the doctor is cute.”
“I’m happy one of us was having fun !” he exclaimed. Now that he was out of the dentist’s clutches, he felt positively buoyant. “I’ve two questions for you - first, I apparently need to get my teeth cleaned and would like another lunch time appointment with the hygienist, if that’s possible, and secondly, would you care to go out for a drink this evening ?”
“Wow ! Relief sure has worked wonders on you mood ! Let’s see if I can satisfy your demands,” she grinned, opening up the ledger before her. 
Jaxon left the surgery in high spirits, whistling softly to himself. He’d never had trouble dating women, but something about this girl in particular touched him and he was eager to meet her later that day.

Harleth couldn’t concentrate on all the reports she had to type up that afternoon. The very second she had turned round and set eyes on the twelve fifteen appointment a shock wave had gone through her, and she was back on that rocky island, back two years earlier, in the ruins of king Minos’s palace. This was the man who had suddenly appeared on the dig, trailed by two eager young women. The man in whom, for a fraction of a second under the blinding Mediterranean sun, she had seen the embodiment of the Minotaur.
And now he had asked her out. She had accepted, although it meant cancelling another date, which was a little frustrating, as she had intended to spoil herself after this outing with a mouthwatering leather bag she’d had her eye on for a couple weeks in Gucci’s window.
She was excited, but nervous. This guy was special, he crystallized all her longings, but could she ever let him get too close ? How would he react if he found out about her past ? Up till now, the men she had a relationship with had been sometimes entertaining, mostly useful, but she had always been in command. With this man, she sensed it might be different. He touched something too deep in her. Before she realized it, she had started biting her nails. The bitter taste of the varnish brought her to her senses and she stopped, her mother’s voice resounding in her head, “Little princesses don’t chew on their nails, it’s gross. Stop that immediately or I’ll have to give you another manicure !”
Dr. Hart told her she could leave early, after the last patient had been let in and she rushed home, trying to decide what to wear, certainly not one of her ultra-sexy gowns. Since leaving James on Crete, she had certainly moved on, clawing her way out of the maze she had been floundering around in. A secretarial course had enabled her to find a job. But tuition and rent had to be paid and that had meant enrolling in an escort service in to make ends meet and to be able to afford a few luxuries she felt entitled to. Selecting a 1950s-style dark blue dress with cap sleeves, a wasp waist and a full skirt, she made up her mind. If things got serious with this Jaxon, and she both hoped and feared they would, she’d tell him the truth, well not all of it, of course. She couldn’t be blamed for her childhood and that should go down ok. And if he remembered seeing her with James, she could easily explain him away as a onetime mistake…  
Chapter 9 - Now - Pain

Gerri was in bed, groaning. Her temples were ready to explode, she had a temperature, knives or knitting needles were being repeatedly stuck into her muscles. And she was so washed out ! She longed for nothing more than to sleep, but was afraid to drop off, as nightmares plagued her. Or rather hallucinations. She’d find herself in a bleak room, blood dripping down the walls, surrounded by a throng of faceless children. Other times she was bound to a chair, while snakes wound around her arms, drawing blood with their sharp fangs, or some great mountain of a guy would come up and sexually assault her in the mouth, making her gag. She fought and fought to wake up when she dozed off, gasping for air and was again a kid, hunkering down in a cupboard while her father and his buddies drank and played cards in the kitchen, with only a thin mattress and a plastic bowl she could use to pee in. She was careful to remember to line the bowl with paper so she didn’t make any noise when urinating. She’d been ordered to run and hide in that cupboard, as soon as she heard her father coming back with his crew, ever since one guy looking for the loo, had drifted into her room. She’d woken up to something moving across her cheek, and managed to scream as a thick thumb was being inserted between her lips. These visions seeping up from the past troubled her. She’d phoned her doctor again and after the longest of waits, had succeeded in talking to him in person, telling him about the images haunting her along with her aches and pains. Well, a curse upon him ! All he did was to instruct her to stay put, down painkillers and wait for her symptoms to fade away. No hospital would take her in unless she presented respiratory failure. The man had the gall to imply that she should consider that last bit a comforting thought. Very comforting indeed, a fat lot of good that info did her ! She was within an ace of wishing the virus on the guy who, truth be told, had sounded exhausted. Recalling and detailing the horrors she saw in sleep in an attempt to exorcise them, she remembered Lucia telling her about the painter Hieronymus Bosch, a favorite of hers. Some critics believed that the monsters peopling his paintings had their source not in a diseased mind, but in the visions that came to him in a near death experience he had when young. It certainly wasn’t a reassuring thought. Not for the first time, she wondered where exactly one went when asleep, in what kind of realm. As she was striving to muster enough energy to climb out of bed and head for the kitchen to make tea, she heard the front door open and a few seconds later, Lucia stood there, smiling.
“Stop, stop, don’t come near, I’m contagious !” Gerri managed to utter, her voice barely recognizable.
“And here I thought you would be happy to see me !” Lucia joked. “When I saw your messages I tried to call, but your phone is dead - when did you last charge the battery ?”
Gerri tried to sit up, “I too tried and tried to call you earlier. Your phone was switched off !” She was ashamed of how whiny she sounded.
“I know, and I’m sorry. I had to have a few days off the grid, to restore balance.”
“Breathing to the beat of those shamanic drums in your parents’ basement… But you shouldn’t be here ! You’ll catch the damn bug !”
“No, I won’t, I got tested before coming and have antibodies. Without my knowing it, I came into contact with the virus, probably last month at that international Symposium in Rome. I remember having a few shivers one evening and doing poorly on a wine testing event one of the sponsors had organized. I put it down to my blocked nose, but it had to be a mild attack of the virus. However, to make you feel safe, I’ll wear a mask,” she added, hooking one behind her ears before walking through the flat, opening windows.
“I can’t believe anyone should be so lucky !” Gerri groaned having flopped back on her damp pillows, looking in disbelief at Lucia’s mask. First, she thought there was a smile painted on it but then as her friend came nearer, she made out the word contagious in black on the blood-red background.
“Why on earth would you wear such a mask ?” she asked.
“So people steer clear, of course ! Social distancing suits me just fine ; it’s my dream. No more people expecting you to huddle with them and share tittle-tattle or boast about sex !”
“I’m sure glad you make an exception for me, it’s been hell locked up here alone.”
“Hasn’t your employer called to check up on you ?”
“He did and I was happy to hear a friendly voice although when I remind myself that he was perhaps responsible for Archer’s death, it makes me feel terrible !”
“One problem at a time, Gerri. First you have to get well. When you didn’t answer your phone, I dropped by Neozymes. They certainly are taking this epidemic seriously. Had to go through this cleanse portal that zaps away viruses that they’ve fitted on all entries, before an orderly pointed a pistol to my head to check my temperature. Like trying to get into Fort Knox.”
“Who did you see ?” Just listening to Lucia talk about the world of the living, she was feeling better.
“Your friend, Mrs. Pastow wasn’t there. I talked to her replacement, a dark-haired minx.”
“What do you mean, what kind of woman is her replacement ?”
“The kind of woman who sidles up to the boss, all aflutter.”
“How do you know ?” For all her aversion to people, Lucia was an excellent observer. Little escaped her notice. 
“Because I saw her in action when your boss popped into your department’s reception area to inquire about some documents. She dutifully cleansed her hands before handing him a pile of files, all color coded, she said, her voice suave through her mask, gazing up at him with large doe-like eyes. And he looked pleased as punch. The guy has weird coloring by the way, but is quite sexy indeed, although I could only see what was above that mask. It’s a sure thing that girl is just waiting to land him in her bed.”
Gerri was silent for a moment, processing the information. “I wonder why they hired someone new, Mrs. Pastow should be back soon.”
“Companies are desperately searching to hire temps. Don’t believe that Mrs. Pastow and you are the only ones down ! This virus is hitting people hard. Anyhow, that woman told me you were home and they weren’t expecting you back for a week or two at the very least. Her message to you, was to not rush things as it wouldn’t do to contaminate Neozymes….”
“How thoughtful of her…”
“So, how are you feeling ?”
“Rotten. Like I’m a hundred years old with all the ailments of age concentrated in one person. And I’m plagued with horrid visions. I woke up this morning as my arms were being sawed off with a circular saw.”
“Gory ! Now how about morale ? How are you coping with being all on your lonesome ?”
“I’m not you, Lucia, you know that. This isolation is getting to me.” Gerri was biting her lip and wringing her hands.
“Is there something troubling you ? What’s on your mind ?” Lucia’s eyes had narrowed.
Gerri pointed to the pile of papers on her bedside table. “Have a look at that newspaper cutting,” she said.
Lucia picked it up gingerly and examined the picture. “Surtribal ? And that Asian looking woman again. Where did you find this ?”
“At the bottom of a drawer, under a load of brochures and documents.”
“Concealed and yet not concealed…”
“I guess so.”
“What did you think when you came across this ?”
“That I didn’t know Archer all that well…”
“Tough on you, no wonder the virus is hitting you hard. Such a thought is enough to give a blow to your immune defenses !”
Lucia was right. It had kind of knocked the stuffing out of her, undermining her will to fight. 
“I’ll look into this organization while you do your best to get well, thinking happy thoughts and downing these energy drinks I brought.”
Gerri gave a big sigh. Lucia was sure to find the organization and rat out whatever it wished to hide. It would help her to know the truth and discover who the Asian woman was, and what Archer had been up to. But she couldn’t yet resolve to tell Lucia about the phone she’d unearthed. It would be like betraying the image people had of Archer, and she wasn’t up to it, not yet.
Lucia made Gerri get out of bed and changed the linen. She also directed her to the shower, ordering her to stay under the water for a few minutes. Once Gerri was back in a dry bed with a pot of tea, a pile of jam sandwiches and a small radio Lucia had brought so she could listen to the news and reconnect with the outside world, things were looking better. With a wave and a wink, her friend left, promising to be back soon.
Chapter 10 – Then - Revelations

Jax got up as Harleth advanced through the restaurant towards him. He was mesmerized by her grace. She had retained a childish fluidity of movement, as if the little girl she had once been was shining through the body of the tall, curvy woman. This child bride quality was irresistible. He had soon become aware of the other men’s keen interest whenever they met. That evening, he couldn’t resist wrapping her in his arms, breathing in her delicate perfume, it felt so right. She looked up at him, smiling.
“This is our third date this week,” she said, “I’m not sure I should have accepted.”
“I’m very glad you did. What is troubling you ?”
“Aren’t things going a little too fast ? We barely know each other.”
“That’s exactly what we are getting to do,” he smiled, pulling her chair out. “I don’t know about you, but I’m terrible hungry, didn’t have time for lunch today.”
She glanced at him over the menu she had picked up. There was a sparkle in her grey eyes.
“Dr. Hart keeps me busy at noon too, just had time for a coffee and a chocolate bar. What are you ordering ?”
They settled on a choice of sushi followed by stir fried Udon noodles with barbecued beef. Jax had suggested an Asian restaurant knowing that most women with Harleth’s figure counted calories and he was proved right. She was delighted with the sushi, but ate only a small helping of the noodles. Her grace contrasted sorely with the sensible manners of the women he came into contact with at work, who were more interested in the job at hand than in their looks or the impression they made on their male colleagues. And the contrast was even greater when he thought of his mother, a stocky, no-nonsense woman with blunt features and wooly steel-grey hair. Thankfully, she had been so busy hectoring her husband, she hadn’t interfered too strongly with him when he was growing up, something he did fast, obtaining his first master degree in biology at the age of twenty. 
Harleth was sipping her coffee when he startled her by suddenly announcing, “I believe I have at last remembered where I met you before ! It came back to me when I saw you walking away towards the powder room.”
She put her cup down slowly, taking a deep breath. Ever since meeting in the dentist’s surgery they had joked about their sense of déjà vu, although Harleth knew perfectly well where she had first set eyes on Jaxon and was in no hurry to reveal it to him. Now, however, it would seem the cat was about to pop out of the bag…
“It was on the island of Crete, I was collecting specimens and my mentor had told me I might find James Brentwood, the archeologist there, a man who had expert knowledge of Cretan plants.”
“Gosh, Crete seems so far away, but I believe you are right. I was there in the ruins of Knossos so, as surprising as it seems, that has to be where I first saw you.” Harleth was frowning, lower lip caught between her teeth. “But you were not alone, I think…”
“No, I was travelling with two undergraduates, two young women.”
Head tilted, smiling faintly, she inquired, “Girlfriends ?” Attack was the best defense.
“No way ! One of my professors was Marisa’s father and I had promised to keep an eye on her and her friend when they declared they wanted to tour Crete.”
“So, you were their chaperon,” she joked.
“One could say that. I’ll confess that I wondered what a beautiful young woman was doing there with old Brentwood.” Jaxon hesitated, “I hope I’m not being indiscreet…”
“Not in the least,” Her eyes had slightly narrowed as if expecting a blow, “Did he tell you I was his assistant ?”
“No, quite the contrary, but I thought he was boasting, claiming you were there for him.”
Harleth looked at Jaxon for a long time, both elbows resting on the table, hands joined as if in prayer before her mouth, taking in his intense stare and beautifully curved lips. She needed to keep this man. He was the only one in a dreary line of guys to light a spark in her. Now she had to give her all.…
“He was telling the truth. I was there as company and I’m not proud of it. It was a terrible mistake.” Her voice was hushed, but she was looking him straight in the eye.
“Harleth, we all make mistakes.” Jaxon had seized one of her hands, he could feel its tremors and enveloped it in both his.
“I had no skills, my mother had just died and I was penniless.”
“But you have a job now, you are a qualified secretary.” Her hand was steadier.
“Yes, now. Traveling with Brentwood was a wake-up call. I realized that I was heading towards disaster very soon after we arrived in Knossos.”
Jaxon was silent, giving her space. With a sigh she went on, “But something positive came out of it. I was fascinated when I discovered the Minoan cult of the bull and the legend of the Minotaur. I was captivated by that wondrous creature trapped in a dark labyrinth, madly bellowing its anger and despair.”
“The Minotaur, the outcast, a symbol of inner conflict, of power and chaos.” Jaxon remarked slowly.
“Yes, an outcast, and that’s exactly what I was when I took up with Brentwood. Since early childhood, I was an outcast, different from the other girls. But the Minotaur’s fate opened my eyes, showed me I had to escape from the maze !”
There was a bitter tone to her voice and she tried to pull her hand away from Jax’s.
Sitting there, head hanging, shoulders rounded, she looked like a child who has just been castigated and it tore at his heart.
“Harleth, you need to talk, to rid your system of this sadness, but not here. Do you live alone ?” She nodded. Jaxon signaled to the waiter to bring the bill. “In your state, you shouldn’t go back to an empty flat. I live just around the corner, if you’re not worried about being alone with me, we can go there. It’s still early, there’s plenty of time to talk.”
She wiped her eyes with the heels of her hands leaving a slight mascara smear on her left temple, “I trust you, but I don’t think I can talk. For years I’ve tried to forget the past.”
“Well, then we can just listen to music and relax until you feel better.” When she saw Jaxon’s concerned expression, she knew the battle was half won.

They had walked in silence, Jax trying to visualize the state his flat was in when he left that morning. Apart from his breakfast dishes, it should be ok. Cleanliness was important to him, too important in fact, a compulsion that got the better of him at times, if he wasn’t watchful. He hadn’t expected to bring Harleth back, as it was still early days and he certainly didn’t want to rush things. She was too special.
Now she was ensconced in the corner of his sofa. Having picked up one of the dark blue cushions, she was holding it against her, like a child hugging a teddy bear. Jaxon was in the kitchen, rummaging around for tea bags. He never drank the stuff but had bought a box of green tea for an ex-girlfriend who swore by the beverage. She’d gone out of his life before the box was even half empty.
“This is all I have, I’m sorry,” he said putting the mug down on the coffee table. “My job is to study plants, but I don’t brew them !”
That drew a small smile. She took hold of the mug and inhaled the vapor. “This is just fine, I love Jasmin flavored green tea. You are full of surprises.”
“In case you are wondering,” he answered, coming to sit down on the sofa with a small glass of brandy, “I got that for a girl-friend. She was taken in by every new fad and green tea was the latest. She drank it by the gallon in the hopes of warding off cancer, lowering the risk of heart disease and losing weight. I had to laugh, listening to her painstakingly explaining to me what a polyphenol was. I don’t think she ever realized what I do for a living.”
Harleth was back to cradling her cushion, but now she was looking directly at him. “Sounds like a short-term relationship, indeed.”
“A mistake, I guess. Nobody is immune to making mistakes - as already stated,” he added with a smile.
After a few more sips of her drink, Harleth kicked off her shoes and curled up on the sofa. He could see conflicting emotions flitting over her features. Taking a deep breath, she inquired, “Are you sure you want to hear my story ?”
“I don’t like to see you so upset ; speaking should help you find a modicum of peace.”
“Peace… that’s almost too much to hope for. I know I need to come to terms with my childhood, but it’s not glorious. I’m ashamed of it.”
“You are in no way responsible for your upbringing; we are all at the mercy of the adults who surround us. My family life was far from idyllic. Sometimes, I wonder if my mother really acknowledged my existence. But if she did no good, she did no harm, at least not to me. I was mostly left to fare on my own, as was my brother. All her attention went to my father.” Jaxon’s voice was almost a whisper. This delicate, beautiful woman had managed to draw him out.
“Then you were one of the lucky ones. Better to be let alone than made use of.” Harleth looked around the room, eyes resting on a large framed picture of a stag staring directly at the camera, antlers like long fingers rising proudly to the sky. She pushed away the cushion, and got up to go examine a series of wooden decoys sitting on the dark wooden bookcase. “These are ducks, aren’t they ? Decoys used by hunters ?”
“Yes, I found them in a garage sale. They looked forlorn huddling together among the wreckage of someone’s life. With me they are safe, they won’t be floated out to trick their fellows.”
“You love animals… I always wanted a dog, but my mother wouldn’t allow it. Said it would make a mess and cost money to feed.” Harleth was now back on the sofa.
“Tell me about your mother,” Jaxon said softly.
“My mother, the failed beauty queen. As a young girl, she took part in every pageant, but never reached the top, was always a runner up. When she gave birth to a daughter, she knew she was given a second chance.”
“How so ?” Jaxon was nonplussed.
“By doing her utmost to make of me a child beauty queen.”
“You were one of those tots dolled up to look like sultry vamps and made to strut around before an audience?”
“The object of pedophiles’ wet dreams… Yes.”
“But that amounts to child abuse !”
“Not everyone agrees with that. And it’s a billion-dollar business.”
“Your mother robbed you of your childhood !” Jaxon exclaimed. Now he understood better her impish charm. Being forced from early on to act like a mature woman, the child in her was still there, had not been allowed to develop. And he fleetingly wondered if it was this quality which made him feel so comfortable with her, all his concern with germs and contamination forgotten.
Harleth gave a heavy sigh. “It was practice, practice, strut before the camera, smile, curtsy. I often felt like an automaton going through the motions, or a doll. My mother spent all the money she got, by whatever means, on costumes, make up, hair pieces, fake teeth…”
“You wore wigs ?”
“Of course ! We were made to look like miniatures of the women people gawk at on TV. Big hair, false eyelashes, adult make up and provocative clothing. Divas in diapers in a word.”
“I hate to say this, but I’m sure you were a success.”
“Oh, yes indeed. Mom drilled into me the sexy poses she had perfected, along with how to make eye contact and smile in a suggestive way. I was quite good at it and won a number of child beauty queen titles. I also did Christmas gigs in supermarkets, dressed up as a sexy elf, dancing and singing carols. Probably sounds like I was a performing monkey to you.”
“The whole business sounds depressing, I’ll admit. How long did this go on ?”
 Harleth had shifted on the sofa, tucked her feet up. Her back was now against Jaxon’s shoulder. He wondered if she was trying to hide her face. 
“Until I was thirteen. Then I began to develop and all of a sudden, I was yesterday’s news. But the harm was done. I’d gotten used to being pimped and groomed, was addicted to the glitz and the glamour. Even when I no longer competed, I was still on stage, compelled to look my best, to garner smiles. My body became an obsession.”
“The shows led you to think that self-worth was based on appearance.”
“Yes, to a toxic infatuation with one’s looks, leading to all kinds of crazy diets as soon as I put on a pound…” Harleth’s voice shook. She was silent for a few instants and then Jaxon heard a sniffle. Placing an arm over her shoulders, he pulled her towards him. She snuggled up against his chest, cheeks wet with tears.
“I’m sorry to have brought back all those bad memories by asking you to speak,” he said into her hair.
She glanced up at him, eyes pleading “I must look a mess, I don’t want you to see me like this !”
“Harleth ! You are beautiful, you will always be beautiful, you needn’t worry !”
“It’s so restful to be with someone who accepts you as you are.”
He held her tighter, could feel her warmth through his shirt. The next thing he knew she had raised her head and her lips were on his, sweet, hot, giving him a jolt. He scooped her up and carried her to the bedroom, kissing her all the way. 
“You sure you want this ?” he stopped to ask, voice husky.
“Please !” she answered opening her blouse to disclose her heavy breasts. She groaned as he fell to his knees and began nuzzling them before pulling off her slacks. 

When it was over and they were both sated, she turned away, pulling the pillow over her head.
“Harleth, what’s wrong ?” Jaxon said, laying a hand on her bare shoulder.
“I didn’t mean for this to happen, well, not right now.”
“Now or later, what’s the difference ?”
“You’ll think I’m some bimbo, ready to jump in bed with the first guy who comes along.”
“What are you speaking of ? I’m not just any guy, I’m someone you fancy, or at least, I think so…”
“But we barely know each other…”
“I don’t see how that can matter. Time has no significance. When two people feel they have a connection, then nothing else is important.”
She disengaged herself from the pillow and faced him. Her breasts were on full view and he had to hold back from reaching out to caress them. “You are special, you know, not at all like the men I’ve met so far,” she said, “and I don’t regret making love.”
“You bet !” he answered. He gently pushed her long blond hair out of her face and pulled her closer, holding her tight until he could bear it no longer and lifted her onto him. She held his stare as he came, only then did she close her eyes as she climaxed.

She came out of the shower as he was getting dressed to accompany her home and let out a small cry. “What’s that on your back ?” She’d become acquainted with all of him - broad chest, narrow hips, long muscular legs, but had not seen his back.
“It’s a tattoo,” he replied.
She was puzzled. “I’ve never seen one so big. It’s some kind of sword !”
“A gladius, a sword used by gladiators in ancient Rome.”
She was gently running her finger over the design. “And the handle is surrounded by a crown made of leaves.”
“That’s a laurel wreath, what the top man wore.”
“Do gladiators still exist ?” She was staring at him wide-eyed when he turned round.
“No, of course not, but one can still train like they did. I do and my club organizes fights, now and then.”
“A sword and a kind of crown… I wonder what that reveals about you,” she joked. “Now I understand why you are so fit. You don’t correspond to the idea one has of the absent-minded scientist spending hours peering into a microscope.”
“But I do a lot of field work and believe me, things can get quite rough.”
They were now fully dressed and with her heels on, he didn’t have to bend much to kiss her. With a lingering look at the tangled sheets on the bed, they left the flat.
She didn’t sleep much that night, angry with herself. The temptation had been too strong. Give in too fast and the guy won’t value what he gets. She had learned that the bitter way. Closing her eyes, she could still see Jax as he first appeared to her under the Cretan sun, tall, bare chested and powerful with his mane of silvery hair. She had caught a glimmer of the animal in him, a bit of the Minotaur’s allure and had idly dreamed of him ever since, without trying to find him. Her life after James had been too busy. She had her studies, and her job for the escort service and no time to try to trace a man she had seen only once for a few minutes.

“Harleth, have you found that old file I asked you about ?”
Her thoughts were interrupted by Dr Hart, who was standing before her desk with a frown on his plain face. She’d quite forgotten his request. Smiling, she handed it to him, apologizing, “I’m sorry, I believe it’s the full moon, I didn’t get much sleep last night.”
“That’s quite all right, my wife is the same. Her cycles of energy ebb and flow in tune with the brightness of the night sky. Leave early if you wish, as soon as you’ve let the last patient in.”
She thanked him and tried to get back to work but his words reminded her of what James had often said when gazing up at the starry Cretan sky. How our ancestors saw animals in the constellations, creatures who, pursued by a lone hunter on earth moved into the sky and transformed into a constellation before they could be killed. The Taurus, dating at least back to the early Bronze Age, was crucial to the agricultural calendar and to the Minoans. She had asked him to point it out, but he said it wasn’t visible in the height of summer, disappearing behind the sun’s glare. Which brought her back to Jaxon. He was a tender but forceful lover, attentive to her pleasure, as yet unconscious of his animal nature. Her stream of thought was interrupted again by the arrival of the day’s last patient, an overweight woman who after coming up to the reception desk, walked around the waiting room, in search of a seat that was liable to house her bulk. She decided on a padded chair with no arm rests. Harleth heard the wood creak as the woman tried to make herself comfortable on her perch. From her desk she could see a pair of ghastly calves the size of thighs and feet of an angry pinkish color, a roll of flesh overflowing the rims of the shoes they had been pushed into. The sight made her shiver. Rather die than become like that. All her mother’s drilling came back to her - stop eating immediately, you are going to be so fat ! Pull your tummy in, or do you want to look like a slob ? She just couldn’t get used to obese people ; to her, it looked like they had stepped into a thick full-body costume and she longed to zip them out of it.
On her way home, she was still reviewing her encounter with Jaxon. She had been quite sure that the disclosure of her life as a child beauty queen would go down well. After all, one cannot indeed be held responsible for one’s parents and Jaxon seemed to have learnt that too. But that was as far as she would go. She liked him, liked him a lot, perhaps a little too much, but she could not afford to open herself completely. She had once attempted it, revealing to a young man whom she thought loved her, that she worked as an escort. That had showed up who he really was. Following her one night, he had recognized her client, a politician in the fast track and taking pictures, had tried to blackmail the guy, getting her in trouble with her agency. Her indelicate lover got in trouble too, losing an eye when he got beaten up in a dark alley, and never bothered her again. Entering her flat, she chased all these dark thoughts away, concentrating on the future. After changing into a purple velvet track suit, she opened her wardrobe wide, to decide what to wear for their next date, without forgetting to down a dose of laxative before getting into bed. By her standards, she had eaten quite a lot the evening before. 
Chapter 11 – Now – Back on the job

Gerri had been back at work for a week. She still felt a little lightheaded and had shed quite a few pounds. The first person she met after walking through the portal and having her temperature taken was the new secretary Lucia had mentioned. The girl was petite, with long flowing dark hair and huge brown eyes. That was all one could see because of the mask, but Gerri judged she must be beautiful and even with the mask, had oodles of charm.
“I’m Shantyl Veneer.” Her voice was melodious, “Welcome back, Miss Gold.”
Gerry smiled behind her mask, not that it made much of a difference. “I’m pleased to meet you Miss Veneer, but I expected to see Mrs. Pastow back by now.”
“Please sit down,” the young woman said, “We didn’t want to give you the bad news while you were ill, but I’m sorry to inform you that Mrs. Pastow passed away last week. We knew you would be affected by it.”
“Where, how ?” Gerri blurted out, jumping up from her seat. It was a blow. The woman had always been kind to her, and had seemed perfectly healthy. And why was this girl, so smooth and ingratiating, looking out for her as if they were friends of old. And who was ‘we’ ? She’d only been on the job for a couple of weeks !
“Mrs. Pastow died in the hospital, her lungs gave out, I’m very sorry. I know everyone here appreciated her. Members of the department will attend her funeral next week. Sadly, attendance is limited to ten people only nowadays, because of the fear of contagion.”
“Please, if possible, count me in. We both fell ill at the same time. And I never got the chance to say good bye to her !” Gerri turned around as their boss, Jaxon Cairn came out of the lab sector and walked over when he caught sight of her.
“I thought you were coming back today. You’ve heard the sad news, I expect. It was a terrible shock to learn of Mrs. Pastow’s death.” Gerri was only slightly shorter than her boss and facing him, she thought how the mask brought out people’s eyes. She noticed what a peculiar shade of green they were, like pale jade and from their expression, she got the feeling he was happy to see her. To her surprise, she was too. But their short interview didn’t last. Shantyl had moved from behind her orderly desk - she was indeed petite as Lucia had said, making Gerri feel like a giant - and was peering up at the boss in a childlike stance, reminding Gerri of a character in an old movie whose trademark was to act ‘cute and coy with the opposite sex.’
“I believe these are the files you were looking for. I’ve wiped the covers clean of germs, so you can handle them without a worry.”
The kid sure knew how to give a foot rub, and by the tone of Jaxon’s thanks, she was getting it right.

 Once back in the lab, Gerri soon got along with her work as if there had been no interruption, but the virus had not only made one victim there. Two other colleagues were out flat and no one knew when they would be back. The older guy who worked in their marketing division had decided to take early retirement after a harrowing ten days in the hospital and been replaced by Zyler, a bouncy younger man sporting a long strand of blond hair hanging over one eye, and favoring brocade vests over his immaculate starched shirts. Zyler moved around the premises as if he owned the place, gossiping with Shantyl and chatting up the women whenever he could. He zeroed in on Gerri as soon as he caught sight of her. When Jaxon was out of the lab he would swing in, asking her if she wouldn’t take a coffee break with him. She gave in only once. Once seated in the cafeteria, she could tell he was just waiting to tear off his mask to appear to her in his full glory. He was solicitous, asking her about her round with the virus, but she found him smarmy. He was piqued when she flatly turned down a diner date.
“I’m not good enough for you ?” She caught anger flaring up in his eyes.
“No, but you do know that I lost my husband recently and am not ready to pick things up yet.”
“Maybe you are aiming higher ?”
“What can you possibly be hinting at ?”
“I’ve noticed how cozy you look when working with the boss.”
This came as a shock to Gerri. After the first weeks, getting used to Jaxon’s near maniacal insistence on order and attention to detail, she realized that work was facilitated by his demands and there was less loss of time. But her attitude was always strictly professional, and she had good reason for it to be so.
“Sexy man, I’ll give you that,” Zyler said with a smirk, “but not marriageable, I’m afraid. From what I’ve heard he’s under investigation, relative to his wife’s disappearance…”
“I had no idea I was called upon to justify my refusal to have diner with you, and am not in the least interested in the boss’s private life.” 
From that day on, she had noticed Zyler’s eyes tracking her when she moved through the building, and thought he was a harmless pompous ass burdened with an inflated ego.

The department had been pushing itself to the limits to sequence the full genome of the cyanobacteria communities Jaxon and his team had brought back from the extreme environment of the Sahara, the hottest desert on Earth. They had been commissioned to shed light on the unique genes that enabled these organisms to survive in their harsh surroundings.
Word among her colleagues was that the NASA was behind the project, in its race to master space exploration and the exploitation of meteorites and asteroids. Producing organisms that could adapt to life far from Earth was crucial if man were to colonize space.
One evening, Gerri, in no hurry to go back to her desolate flat, was pursuing an idea that had come to her that afternoon and mounting an experiment. A small noise made her look up from her work. She was aware all her coworkers had left, except for Jaxon, who had come over from the next-door lab half an hour ago to use one of the instruments housed in the room where she toiled. She saw he had just risen from his workplace and was tidying it up. She had to seize her chance and challenge him about Archer, to try to get to the bottom of how he happened to die of dehydration, alone in the desert. The official story was that he had been on the tracks of the elusive barbary lion, a creature thought to have become extinct, but said to have been spotted in the region the expedition had set up camp in. She didn’t buy that. Archer had never been one for animal photography.  He was into macrophotography, having been captivated at an early age by an old science film - The Powers of Ten - and totally taken in by the negative powers of ten, fascinated by how the deeper you went, the weirder consensus reality became. But then, how well had she known her husband ? The thought depressed her. Before she could decide how to broach the topic, Jaxon came up to her. He pulled out a stool and placing it a good two meters away, peeled off his mask and made a face, “Somehow, I contracted the virus without even knowing it and have plenty of antibodies, and you have been exposed too, so I believe we can do without the masks, keeping at a safe distance, nevertheless.”
His tone was grave.
“Is anything wrong ?” she inquired, wiping away the slight moisture that had built up on her cheeks and under her nose with the back of her hand. She had forgotten how handsome he was now that she saw him in the full again. Or how good it felt to not be muffled by the darn contraption. Alone in the lab, she could well have removed it an hour ago, but had been too concentrated on her task to think about it.
“No, nothing is wrong. Only I have got to go out in the field. This virus is spreading like wild fire and not only killing the elderly and those weakened by multiple pathologies. Healthy young people are also succumbing in ever greater numbers to acute respiratory distress syndrome. As you know, we already have at our disposal a number of drugs to help cope with viral injury to respiratory cells.”
Having suffered from the virus at first hand she’d read up on it and was quick to pursue, “But a molecule that could dampen the cytokine storm triggered by the virus, and thus prevent the body’s remaining on an exhausting full alert, is yet to be found.”
Jaxon smiled appreciatively and a spark lit up in his eyes. His teeth really showed up white against his tawny complexion. “Spot on, Geraldine. We urgently need a molecule that could quieten the chatter of immune molecules and prevent the overreacting that leads to the attack on multiple organs, such as the lungs, heart, liver.”
“I’m sure happy I didn’t go down that road, and end up with heart or kidney trouble,” Gerri couldn’t help putting in. The raging headaches, muscle pains and hallucinations had been quite enough !
“Being recently bereaved could have weakened your immune system. Biologists used to be convinced that the immune system tackled foreign invaders alone. Now we know better. There is a hard-wired connection between the immune system and our brain. We’ve come to suspect that certain patients whose immune systems aren’t as strong are less susceptible to these complications.”
When Gerri next spoke, her voice was hushed, “If what you are saying is true, it would be like Archer protecting me from beyond the grave.”
“He loved you deeply,” Jaxon said, “and would have done anything in his power to protect you.”
Gerri buried her face in her hands, shoulders hunched, torn by conflicting feelings. Had she betrayed her husband’s love in suspecting him of not being truthful to her ? Talking about Archer had opened the wound, but she couldn’t afford to just fall to pieces. Jaxon’s words made her more determined than ever to get to the bottom of that had happened to her husband.
After a few deep breaths and wiping her tears away, she was ready to face her boss.
“Sorry about that. I still have moments when his being dead doesn’t seem true.”
Jaxon’s features were set in a mask of pain. “There is no need to apologize. I understand perfectly well how one feels when losing a loved one.”
Suddenly remembering the rumors circulating around his wife’s disappearance, and how agonizing that had to be, she felt ashamed for having let go before him.
“I believe you’ve suffered a painful loss too,” she ventured.
“I have, but I am not alone in my pain. My young son was left motherless…” He was looking squarely at her now. “I know there is speculation about where my wife could possibly be, rumors hinting at my responsibility in her disappearance. I have no power over what people think and say. I just pray for her return, not for myself, but for my son. I believe it could help his condition improve.” 
Well, she’d bitten off more than she could chew. Looking at the lines pain had etched on the man’s countenance, she didn’t have the heart to confront him with her suspicions about her husband’s death. Her need to know would have to wait. But was it really compassion for the man or did she fear what she might learn ? She alleviated her discomfort with the thought that there would be other opportunities.
“So, you said you were going on a field trip ?” she inquired, in an attempt to get things back to normal. She sensed that he wasn’t comfortable expressing strong emotions.
Shaking his head and looking around the room as if wondering where he was, he took a few seconds before answering, “Yes, there is a race afoot to find a molecule that could do the job and weaken the cytokine storm so the immune system doesn’t attack its host. The State department has asked Neozymes to come up with such a molecule. It’s vital for the President that our country be the leader in the field. So, for weeks now, I’ve been sending out feelers to my contacts in South America and finally got word of a small group of very old medicine men living in the Amazon who brew plants with potent anti-inflammatory powers. They use this herbal cure to treat lung affections which are common in that humid environment.
 “And when you are leaving ?” She was disconcerted by the news of his departure and angry with herself for not pushing for information about Archer’s death when she had the opportunity. But what threw her most was the dismay the news of his departure caused her. Without wanting to acknowledge it, she had come to enjoy Jaxon’s presence and their work-related discussions.
“I’m leaving in a week’s time. The problem is, I will need an assistant. With three of our colleagues on sick leave, and Joanna and Martha being single mothers, you, who should be immune, are the only person left.”
She looked up frowning, caught by surprise, mouth slightly open. There was a silence.
He made a face, “I realize that it’s a lot to ask. And there could be a trust issue. After all, Archer, died on one of my expeditions…”
Was the opening she had been striving for being placed before her ? But she mustn’t show her hand, for in spite of her appreciation of Jaxon as a colleague, alarm bells were ringing. She did have trust issues. Only the other day a detective had asked to see Jaxon, under the pretext of bringing him up to date with their inquiry into his wife’s disappearance some four years earlier. Zyler had got the tidbit from Shantyl and spread the news. In all honesty, Gerri thought, Jaxon didn’t need that extra publicity. Enough people already looked at him askance due to his lack of social skills and his refusal to mix and mingle during social events. Women in particular spread rumors about him once he had not responded to their advances. And men like Zyler were certainly envious of his class and striking good looks, as were fellow scientists in the field who had every reason to be jealous of his excellence. The list of medicines elaborated thanks to his collecting and work was quite impressive. 
“It indeed seems a little strange to be accompanying you on a field trip, as Archer used to do. But I don’t believe in history repeating itself. If I can contribute to finding some plant molecule that will prevent people dying from being attacked by their own immune system, I’m in.” She was still grieving over Mrs. Pastow’s death and wouldn’t wish on her worst enemy the hellish visions the virus had conjured up when coursing through her body.
“Thank you, Geraldine.” His smile lit up his face, “It would take too long to try to accomplish the task alone. I’m grateful to you.”
Once again, looking into those green eyes, she felt a strange pull. Did the guy possess hypnotic powers ?  Being around him every day, was she falling under his spell, ready like just any other foolish woman to cast her doubts to the wind and give in to a handsome bloke ? She recalled a documentary she’d watched on Ted Bundy, the serial killer. He had been charm incarnate and fooled as many men as women. Such was the dangerous power of beauty. Nobody could believe that evil hid under a lovely face.
A slight shiver ran down her back.
“Are you cold ?” he inquired, getting up, hand starting to reach out towards her.
“No, I spent hours leaning over my microscope and my muscles are a little sore.”
 What she didn’t say was that she’d had the feeling there was someone walking over her grave.

They were to travel separately and meet in Lima, as the collecting mission was to be kept under wraps. Innovative companies were keenly watched and often had moles in their midst. Jaxon would sign up for a conference in Iceland which he would attend, but only shortly. Geraldine would ask for compassionate leave, as her grandmother living alone in California was grounded by the virus.
“Remember, not a word to anyone,” Jaxon said, “unfortunately, the new secretary isn’t as discreet as Mrs. Pastow.”
“You are right, she gets around a lot, I’ve even found her in the lab a number of times. She says she enjoys tidying things up when she’s completed her administrative tasks.”
“The lab is no place for her to be, but I don’t think there is anything to it. She came highly recommended by Professor Kern. She temped for him while his secretary was on maternity leave. Nevertheless, I’ll have a word with her.”
Did he have a soft spot for the kittenish Shantyl ? He certainly wouldn’t be the first. Charm could have been her first name. Indeed, she was no great beauty when her face was at rest, but as soon as she addressed you, shaking her long dark curls away from her face, her large eyes sparkled and her voluptuous smile was contagious, that is when she happened to casually shed her mask - not around the boss, of course. Men were men. and Jaxon had been single for quite some time, from what she gathered. However, perhaps she was being a little unfair. Archer’s death still cut her, but if she was to be totally honest, she was beginning to long for closeness, intimacy, someone to talk to, laugh with. Lucia dropped by often, asking direct questions as was her habit, claiming she had to get Gerri to face the facts - Do you think your boss bumped off his wife ? Why’s his kid in an institution ? Are you attracted to him ?  Gerri struggled with the answers to these questions under her friend’s sardonic eye, but appreciated the girl’s concern. She was indeed beginning to miss a male presence in her life. Was she being drawn to her boss because the spread of the virus was encouraging people to shun bars and restaurants, and there was nobody out there to meet ? 

Jaxon wondered how wise he’d been to ask Geraldine to go bioprospecting with him. True, she was the only person readily available and reliable. Archer had spoken enough about her for him to be sure of that. However, she was bound to broach the topic of her husband’s death and ask questions he couldn’t answer. And she reminded him of his wife. It was uncanny how they shared the same high cheekbones and grey eyes, but Geraldine’s jaw was firmer and thankfully, her hair dark and short. She was just as curvy as Harleth, but much more athletic. Archer had shown him a picture sometime after his marriage, but she hadn’t been looking directly at the camera and the resemblance hadn’t struck him then. Harleth… Did he miss her ? No, over the years the woman had become more and more unsettled. Motherhood had been a trial for her. Just thinking of her brought back his guilt. He had not succeeded in helping her accept their son and they had all paid dearly for it.
Chapter 12 – Then – The move
When a job opportunity opened up at Neozymes, Jaxon was excited. They wanted a first-class biologist with a lot of collecting experience. He’d already sent out feelers to friends in the field and knew he could easily land the job. The only drawback was that it would mean moving to Pennsylvania. But he didn’t think his wife would object to that. In fact, she’d been talking about the East coast for some time now. She had her eye on New York, and he could understand the attraction such a glitzy, thriving megalopolis had for someone whose childhood had been spent in the glamorous world of beauty queens. He’d proposed and married Harleth only a few months after their meeting, surprising himself. Had he felt lonely without realizing it ? Her beauty, her childish charm made him feel more in touch with his fellows, he felt a closeness to her he hadn’t experienced since his childhood, since when his brother Colton was still alive. He was conscious that her past had left its mark, particularly on her relationship to food. Although slim, she was always counting calories, popping vitamin pills instead of eating a wholesome meal. He’d broached the topic with her and she had appeared to take what he said seriously, sharing pizza or pasta dishes with him, tucking down on sirloin and vegetables. But although she smiled and finished what was on her plate, she reminded him too much of an obedient child striving to please, and after a while he stopped commenting on how she fed herself and on the various diets she experimented with. She looked plenty healthy, so why try to make her do something she obviously disliked ? There would be time enough to get back to the topic the day they decided to have a baby.
Harleth was overjoyed, dancing around their small sitting room, clapping her hands, when he told her he was flying to Philadelphia for a job interview, and urged him to accept the position if it was offered. Philadelphia wasn’t New York, but was only about an hour and a half away by car. She’d looked it up immediately.
He got the job and had two months of free time before starting work. They used the first two weeks settling into a house large enough for a big family which belonged to the company, in the hills around Philadelphia. The rent was quite reasonable, there was a purchase option and the commute into town easy. Jaxon felt perfectly at home in the surrounding woods. Harleth wasn’t quite so enthusiastic, but loved the secluded sun deck at the back of the house. It was protected by a thick laurel hedge and would allow her to sunbathe naked.
“Watch out for drones,” Jaxon joked the first time he found her there, a golden siren drinking up the sun rays. “Better get a pop gun to chase them away !” Which she did. The air gun was always at her side when she lounged and for the first few weeks, she scanned the sky above the house, but no flying engine ever appeared.
She would have plenty of time to study when Jaxon started work and was thinking of taking a course in interior decorating. When he went to check out the Philly Gladiator Circle, she accompanied him. As they got there, a fight was about to begin on the ring in the club’s main hall. Harleth was spellbound from the start, following every move as the men dashed around, each one trying to overpower the other. Jaxon explained to her that the heavier one was the Murmillo, the typical Roman gladiator, armed with the short sword and a large heavy shield. Murmillos were often pitted against the Thraex who were more aggressive, lightly armored foes holding only a circular shield and a small curved sword. Both men wore greaves to protect their shins and the Murmillo had an arm protection made of leather. The Thraex was knocked off his feet when this opponent took advantage of his powerful upper body to push him away, using his shield as a buffer. The man was soon up, however, but in a fit of blind rage, over committed on his attack of the Murmillo, who launched an effective counterstrike with his gladius, thus ending the training session.
On the way home in the car, Harleth’s eyes shone and she kissed Jaxon deeply, distracting him from the road . “I didn’t know your sport was so exciting !”
It was after seeing him engage combat a week later that she suggested going to Greece for a belated honeymoon.
“Greece ?” Jaxon repeated, eyebrows raised. “I thought Greece was a bad memory…”
“Yes, Brentwood was. But I love the art and I could use the inspiration I find there in my decorating course.”
Watching Jaxon’s tall figure as he confronted his adversary in the gladiator Circle, heavy muscles rippling under his bronze skin, had sparked anew the pull the Minotaur exerted on her, a pull she couldn’t explain. What had frightened king Minos so about his wife’s offspring that he had to bury it in a dark maze ? What explosive power had he feared to see unleashed upon the world ? A force that had to be checked by all means. Do we all have a Minotaur - the incarnation of our animal self - locked deep within our souls, forever seeking to escape our control ? Was this animal-self the embodiment of her womanhood ? The primitive femaleness her mother had done her best to destroy by molding her into a doll, a sexless piece of silicone that bats its eyelids and says ‘yes’. The questions tired her. All she knew is that she wanted to head back to Greece.

The days preceding their departure would remain in Jaxon’s memory as golden days. Harleth was more relaxed than she had ever been and responded more fully to him when making love. After a particularly violent orgasm, she’d burst out crying. He was anxious, fearing he’d been too rough, but she hid her face against his chest, her voice muffled. “I didn’t know it could be like that ! The pleasure…” Her hand slipped down to caress her belly, long fingers kneading her soft flesh.
He was nonplussed, “What do you mean ?”
She raised her face and looked straight at him, “For me, making love was fun, but no great deal, but this…”
“Are you saying that so far our love making has not given you pleasure ?” He was frowning, scanning her face. He’d been worried at times by the scornful remarks she made offhandedly about men when watching some television series or film, little realizing how spiteful and bitter she sounded. To her, any man over forty was a horny old geezer probably guilty of diddling underage girls. And she made fun of women who cooed over babies. She’d confided in him once newborns reminded her of worms.
“Sweetheart,” she gently stroked his face, “You know I’ve enjoyed every second we’ve been together, but I didn’t know it could be like this,” she answered, blushing. Omitting, of course, to mention the memorable time, when making love with James, she had fantasized about Zeus’s tryst with Io.
Right from the start, it was clear to Jaxon that trust didn’t come easy to Harleth. Her physical response to him had always been a bit guarded, but today he felt she was finally opening up, holding nothing back. A great wave of happiness swept through him. He wrapped her in his arms, and kissed her deeply, holding her tight. 

It was spring and they had chosen to stay in Heraklion, partly because Harleth felt more comfortable in a built-up environment, but mostly for its world-renowned archeological museum. Before starting her interior decorating course, she wanted to soak up as much Minoan art as she could. The stylish hotel gleamed white against the intense azure backdrop of the sky and the Aegean Sea. Harleth had chosen it because it was modern and made up of two low buildings offering a series of individual units separated from each other by a partition, and giving out directly on the two freshwater swimming pools. Jaxon would have preferred something a little more typical, but the outdoor fitness center and the direct access to the sea brought him over. Anyhow, he didn’t know if it was the influence of the season - the island was in full bloom, tiny lambs were capering around in the fields, or the intensity of the sun that did the trick - but they had never been so close physically. The vigour of Harleth’s passion surprised him. Since discovering the depth of pleasure with him, she had become proficient in arousing him at any time of the day, in any situation, her hands traveling over him expertly. The first days they explored the warren of streets of the old city together, and watched the motley crew of tourists flow by, as they lounged on the terrasse of small cafés drinking anis-flavored beverages. Jaxon agreed to wear the cotton shirts Harleth selected for him, in shades of green and grey she claimed brought the color of his eyes out, and was amused to see her adopt light flowery dresses that would have recalled the garments worn by the hippies who had flocked to the island in the past, hadn’t they been so very short. What interested Harleth most, however, was not dawdling around in the small shops but the archeological museum. She’d been surprised and then repelled by the great number of people of all nationalities milling around the marble halls. Many were overweight and noisy, blocking the view of the exhibits by their bulk when taking pictures of pottery or jewelry. That first day, after quite a hunt, not having understood the guard’s directions, she finally found the bull’s head rhyton James had discovered. Securely fixed to the wall, it had a small room to itself which was a problem, as people remained there gazing at it, filling up the space. If she hadn’t been tall, she would have been unable to get a good view of it. Jaxon understood the fascination exerted by the bull on the visitors. The beast looked ready to charge out of the wall, long curved golden horns glimmering as if having drawn energy from the sun. However, he found the museum as a whole quite boring with its endless exhibits of pottery, jars and clay bulls. So, they decided that Harleth would come back early in the morning to beat the crowds, while he went to explore the Knossos palace. A place she definitely wished to steer clear of.
In the afternoons they toured the island. Jaxon enjoyed walking around the spacious paved courtyard of Phaestos, an unrenovated Minoan palace, located at the foot of a mountain range on a sunbaked hillside, while Harleth relaxed in the thick shade provided by cypress trees, drinking iced tea from the small cooler they carried along and enjoying the cool breeze that played around the grounds. Their visit to Matala, a renowned beach went quite differently. She had no interest in the calm, clear beach protected by rocky headlands, but catching sight on one side of the rock face riddled with caves, she was eager to head there. “Look, caves !” she turned to Jaxon excitedly. “The guide book said hippies lived there in the 1960s and before that they were probably roman or early Christian tombs. I want to go and explore, Come on !” She was already heading towards the foot of the headland.
“What do you expect to find there ? A keepsake from the hippy period such as a beaded headband or a tie-dyed bandana ?” he asked, following in her wake. It was a pleasure to see her enthusiasm.
 Her cheeks were flushed and her eyes bright when she turned round, “Something much more ancient…”
“Like an entry point into the Minotaur’s maze ?” he joked, little realizing then how near the mark he was.
A slow smile curled her lips as she hurried on, leaving behind the crowded beach.
The first cavities were disappointing and degraded with wrappers and empty drink cans. They were shallow and Jaxon immediately imagined he was standing, like a Loony Tunes character, in one of the holes riddling a huge hunk of dark-yellow Swiss cheese. It amused him, but before he could mention it to Harleth, she had turned away without a word, beginning to climb higher along the cliff face which rose not too steeply, not stopping until they reached the last row of caves. They were both sweating profusely and the people on the beach at their feet looked like insects milling around. Sitting down in the mouth of the largest cave. they gazed out at the sea. Jaxon felt perfectly happy, his arm around his wife and could have remained so longer, but Harleth was restless and soon rose, pulling him up. “Let’s go and explore, there’s plenty of light.” 
With no more ado, she disappeared into the cave. Here when they walked, their feet left tracks in the dust. The holiday makers had not climbed this far. For the first fifty meters, they could see were they set foot and the cave floor was surprisingly smooth, making Jaxon think that this tunnel was manmade. However, after a turn to the right, they were surrounded by a velvety darkness. They kept on walking as Jaxon found a small torch in his rucksack and shone it around. The tunnel was just as smooth as at the entrance. All of a sudden, a deep groan resounded, making them stop in their tracks, Harleth reaching for him. When they heard the sound again a few seconds later, Jaxon laughed. “It’s the wind. Caves are not isolated physical systems. Air flow and sounds are caused by temperature and pressure differences between inside and out. This tunnel probably sits on a much deeper cavity.” Harleth was now huddled against him, “There’s nothing to worry about,” he added. He lit up her face and caught his breath. Her eyes were huge and dark, her nostrils flared, her lips parted and strands of her long golden hair snaked down her naked shoulders, covering the swell of her bare breasts. She had slipped out of her thin dress in the dark and he was now staring into the face of a maenad. Some magical element in the air of this island had transformed his wife, a shy, slightly insecure young woman into one of Dionysus’s female followers.
“Harleth,” he began, whispering now.
Her hand covered his mouth. “Make love to me,” her voice was low, raspy, hardly recognizable. She sought his lips, breasts pushing into him. The last vision he had of her were her eyes, the enlarged pupils turning them black, and the flash of her white teeth. He dropped the torch as a shock wave ran through him and picking her up, slammed her against the wall. “Go on gladiator, be my bull…” she whispered as he pushed up into her in a sudden frenzy, mindless of the rough stone wall against her back. He had come home from a lengthy campaign, weary and dispirited until he caught a glimpse of his wife on the threshold of the small farm his parents had left to him, ready to feed the chickens with kitchen scraps. The bucket had fallen from her hand and rolled away upon seeing him approach. He was now holding her tight, eager fingers searching beneath her linen robe for the tender crevice he had so often dreamed about as his lips crushed hers. She was soft and wet and he took her there, standing on the threshold. The chickens squawked as she came with a loud scream and Jaxon climaxed, sending his seed deep into the woman. When he woke from his trance, Harleth was panting against him, her hands kneading his buttocks as her muscles rippled, pulling him close until he was stiff again. Holding her tight, he placed her on the floor of the cave. This time he moved within her gently at first, until her moans resounded loudly, echoing the low growl that came from the depths of the earth, until he could bear it no longer. Reaching down, he found her small fleshy button and played with it making her scream with pleasure.
Afterwards, they lay together in the dark, spent. Suddenly, Harleth shuddered.
“Are you cold ?” he asked, reaching around for their clothes.
“I think you have given me a baby,” was all she answered.
Chapter 13 – Now - Departure

It was no mean feat to evade Shantyl’s curiosity. Jaxon asked her to do all his bookings for the conference. She couldn’t hold back comments on how unwise it was to be traveling with the pandemic picking up speed. Gerri heard her discussing this with Zyler on one of his frequent incursions to the reception area. 
“So the boss is not taking along his star assistant ?” the man said, staring stonily at Gerri as she walked by. 
“Would not have been a bad idea, don’t you think ?” Shantyl addressed her directly, smiling, “You’ve already had the virus, he could lean on your shoulder if he catches it !”
“Possibly, but I’ve got to wrap up the project the lab’s been working on. It’s taken longer than foreseen with Henry and Paul confined at home. Fortunately, they are coming back to work tomorrow, as you know.”
It was three days after Jaxon’s departure that Gerri asked for compassionate leave. The story was her grandmother, who lived alone in California, had contracted the virus. She wasn’t yet sick enough to be hospitalized, but needed care and had appealed to her only granddaughter. Although Gerri and Shantyl were by no means close, the woman wanted to know all about life in California. Gerri had foreseen this possibility and, informing her that she hadn’t been back to visit her grandmother for some time, was nevertheless able to satisfy her curiosity - was the traffic as bad as people complained, what about gas prices, and had she been to Beverly Hills ?
Shantyl offered to book her flights, but Gerri told her everything had already been arranged through the social worker who regularly visited the elderly in her grandmother’s community.
She’d inform the company once she got there and had time to evaluate the situation, how long her absence would be, but from her own experience, she didn’t expect it to exceed two weeks if her grandmother’s state didn’t get worse.

That morning as the plane circled the city of Lima in its approach before landing, the size of the urban sprawl and the high rises came as a surprise. Somehow, Gerri associated South America and the Andes with stories she had read about the conquistadores as a child, expecting to find only primitive native settlements, and a few provincial towns established by the Spanish, all built around a baroque church. Foolishly, she hadn’t yet grasped how the South American countries had joined globalization. She made her way along the dismal hallways leading to customs among the flock of her fellow passengers, some wearily dragging their wheelers, others pushing forward like they had only ten minutes left to live and needed to see the sky one last time. Walking along, she did her best to quell the niggling thought that surfaced now and then - would she be safe alone in the jungle with Jaxon, or was she rashly putting herself at risk ? But the dice were cast, and she reassured herself with the thought that there was safety in numbers… The man was already associated with a disappearance and a death. A third event would draw serious attention, or so she hoped. And something in her wanted to believe that the rumors about him were false, that he could be trusted.
Jaxon was waiting for her once she had retrieved her luggage. It was the middle of May, summer was ending in this hemisphere and the temperature was mild, although muggy. He was quite a bit taller than most of the people thronging the hall and his whitish hair stood out. She had never seen him other than in a suit or wearing a lab coat, and the kaki shirt and cargo pants gave her a glimpse of a whole new persona. It now struck her that on the picture found in Archer’s coat pocket, he had been similarly dressed.
She was welcomed, to her surprise, with a firm handshake and a warm smile. Pointing to her bright yellow outfit, Jaxon joked, “Bringing gold to El Dorado, Mrs. Gold ?” She considered her clothes and nodded. Lucia had of course read up on the topic and recommended shades of yellow, from pale to saffron, as a color most unsavory to mosquitoes. She’d also made sure Gerri knew it was the color of the plexus solar chakra, the self-power chakra, yellow symbolizing energy and intellect, and hoped it would help her friend achieve her goal. But she wasn’t going to tell Jaxon about this. “I read somewhere that yellow repels mosquitoes. Thought I’d give it a try…” 
“Well, it certainly suits you !” he ventured, taking hold of her suitcase. The remark caught her off guard, but she managed not to blush. He was right, the sunny, joyful color made a nice contrast with her dark hair. He noticed her discreetly wiping her brow, and snorted, “Be happy this is not the wet season, it can be hellish in the jungle.”
The man had lost his squeamishness and was in a jocular mood. She had thought he would be carrying around a good supply of hydroalcoholic gel, disinfecting his hands every few minutes and she wouldn’t have blamed him. Here, the urge was on her too when she looked around at the dark streaks on the floor, the greasy papers and tissues overflowing the trash cans. But now was not the time to mention the topic. Food had not been served on the plane and she was starving. Jaxon checked his watch and decided they would eat something in the airport as their next flight was that very same day.
They easily found a table in Casita, a typical airport eatery with its long brightly-lit counter, Formica tables and high stools. She went for a plate of finger food - mashed potato and lime juice topped with yellow chili sauce. Jaxon chose the ceviche which again surprised her. A quick thought to all the free loading parasites swarming around in the Amazon waters was enough to spoil her appetite. She wasn’t about to eat raw fish, especially not in a fast-food joint.
He sounded slightly apologetic when informing her, as they ate, that there was no time for sightseeing, which made her smile. Huge cities were not her thing and it suited her just fine. As soon as she had taken her last bite and downed her diet Coke, they hopped into a rickety taxi, which to her surprise got them safely to a smaller airfield. There, after about an hour’s wait, due to some technical hitch during which Jaxon studied a series of maps and she got her first taste of a popular beverage - Canelazo - a combination of spiced cinnamon water and dark brown sugar, minus the splash of the local spirit, aguardiente, the waiter highly recommended. It greatly improved the taste and made girls happy, he assured her with a wink in the direction of her companion. She was sweaty enough already without adding to it with booze, and in spite of how it might look to an idle barman, not on a holiday with a boyfriend.
Their destination was in the heart of the Peruvian Amazon, far from any road, beyond the long mountain range of the Andes against which the coastal clouds hurl themselves.
From her window seat on the small plane, she saw dark peaks poking out through a thick white blanket of low clouds before everything disappeared as they descended, cocooned in a wad of cotton wool. And then all of a sudden, the Amazon was before them, lush, green, so gigantic she felt stifled, crushed.
“Gives one a shock, doesn’t it,” Jaxon grinned, leaning over and gazing out of the porthole. They had traveled mostly in silence. She was reading up on life in indigenous Amazon settlements and he was reviewing a glossary of words most commonly used in the area they were heading to.
“It’s so huge ! It goes on forever without a break !” she exclaimed.
“Oh, but there are clearings and settlements, only you can’t see them, the vegetation is much too dense.”
“How do we get to the settlement your witch doctor lives near ?”
“Bush taxi, motorized canoe and then we trek, but not for too long. We’ll travel as far as we can by canoe.”
“I guess the bugs are already waiting for us…” She sure didn’t relish being chewed on by thousands of parasitical creatures. She hoped the cloth of her shirt and trousers wasn’t too lightweight, and wouldn’t let the beasts spear their proboscis through it should they not be put off by the color.
“If we smear on enough repellent, it shouldn’t be too bad.”
“So, you’ve traveled in these regions already ?” she inquired, remembering Archer’s picture.
“Yes, but not lately. My most recent bioprospecting trip took me to the desert, as you know.”
“Did Archer accompany you to the Amazon ?” She was keeping her voice light, but her heart was beating fast.
“We did a stint in the jungle once, but that was quite some time ago, before he met you. But look, we are about to land,” Jaxon said as he started pushing his papers back into his bag. The conversation was over and she hadn’t learned much. Had she detected a slight unease when she broached the topic of Archer and his past travels ? It was hard to tell what was going on behind those green eyes and that sphinxlike face. She felt a sudden urge to pinch his arm hard to get a reaction, to see if he would grimace, but held back. They were going to be alone for a week or so, far from civilization and she was counting on the situation to help her cut through his armor and get some answers.

The canoe trip was quite enjoyable. The wind prevented the bugs from landing and she was riveted by the banks. Tall white birds perched on thick buttress roots, and twisting vines dangled vivid flowers in reds, pinks, yellows, almost down to water level. After a while, just as she was beginning to long to stand up and stretch her legs, they pulled up near the bank, and the aged rail-thin Amazonian manning the motor made a sign for them to dip their hand into the river. Gerri hesitated, thinking of all the stories that circulated about flesh-loving piranhas said to abound in these waters, but the guide slowed down and insisted. Here the water was warm, warmer than bath water. Almost hot enough to broil any fish tempted to swim through.
“What’s happening ?” she turned to Jaxon, “Are there hot springs in the river floor ?”
“No, this is where one of nature’s quirks, a boiling stream, flows into this river. This means we will soon hit the trail as the man we are looking for is to be found not far from this unusual hot water stream.”
Well, there were certainly more surprises in store in this strange land other than finding out what really happened to Archer. The region did not boast any volcanoes,, she’d studied the maps and now wondered what could possibly cause a boiling stream.

Francisco, the boatman, pulled the canoe up high on the shore and then became their guide. The trail was muddy and peppered with animal prints to which the old man paid great attention.
“Are there any man-eating beasts around ?” Gerri asked, scanning the dense tangled vegetation that was swallowing them up. Anything could be lurking there, and the cool breeze they enjoyed on the canoe was soon forgotten. She felt she was stepping into a steam bath ; in seconds the sweat was running down to her knees, her repellent dripping off her glistening skin.
“Only jaguars. But you needn’t worry. As we get further away from the river bank the understorey of the rainforest won’t have so much undergrowth. Not enough sunlight. And you’ll be able to see what’s sneaking up…”
Was Jaxon pulling her leg ? Hard to tell. He was behind her and she couldn’t spare the time to look back as she needed to watch her step. Quite soon indeed they quit the jungle and were advancing under the leafy world of the canopy, the overlapping branches and leaves of trees reaching up thirty meters or more forming a green roof above their heads. On the forest floor, the soil was hidden by mottled rotting leaves, twigs and dead flowers. Here she could breathe more freely, although the heat was just as bad.
Mosquitoes swarmed around them, biding their time, ready to attack the very instant the sweat washed away their last drops of repellent. Bird calls and croaks came from all directions and there was a fungal smell in the air. She’d never been in such an environment and wasn’t sure she liked it. However, this wasn’t a pleasure trip. Jaxon had insisted on how urgent it was for them to make contact with the Shaman and collect the wild plants that would, hopefully, deliver the molecule or molecules they eagerly sought. She thought back to one of their earlier conversations. It had been in the lab, before his departure, once everyone had left the building. She’d challenged him about biopiracy.
“How ethical is Neozymes ? A number of companies are known to pillage biodiversity’s wealth, ensuring considerable income through an exclusive commercial use of methods or products traditionally used.”
He’d been silent for a moment, and then his gaze was on her. “Natural products research and development plays a pivotal role in innovative drug discovery and since the 1990s international regulations have been set up…” he started.
“Yes, but can timid regulations overturn the unequal balance of power between multinational companies and local populations ? And what about Neozymes ?” She wasn’t about to be lectured. If she was going to be stalking the rainforest in search of wild plants, she needed to know that whatever biological resource or indigenous knowledge they came across would not be unethically appropriated.
“As far as I know from meetings with the legal department, fair compensation is granted to the indigenous population of the regions where we harvest species.” Jaxon observed.
That sounded a little vague to her, all the more so that he had now turned away and was rearranging instruments on the lab table.
“And so far, the company has not set up ‘greenwashing’ strategies to present a ‘save the planet’ compatible image,” he added.
This definitely wasn’t a topic he felt comfortable with and she wondered why. Remembering the newspaper article Archer had concealed under a pile of files, she asked him, on the spur of the moment, “Does the name Surtribal mean anything to you ?”
He repeated the word slowly, turning round to her, frowning. “No, I don’t believe it does. Should it ?”
Was he candid ? His face revealed nothing, it could have been carved out of honey colored marble. Well, she could hold back too.
“My friend Lucia was talking to me about it a few days ago. She’s been interested in the topic of biopiracy ever since I signed here. It’s an organization aiming at understanding and acting against biopiracy. For them, considering nature as a source of profit has negative consequences on the environment, and this needs to be stressed urgently to the public at large. This organization’s members, along with ecologically minded people, have been increasingly concerned that quite a few collecting expeditions are disguised as environmental impact studies… I thought that perhaps you had heard of it.”
“I believe a number of such organizations regularly contact the company seeking information about our policy, but that name in particular doesn’t ring a bell.” He was back to ordering his instruments.
Now, she knew for sure he was lying, it didn’t ring true, and the pictures she’d found were proof - the question was, why ?
But she would have time to sort that out while on their harvesting trip. For the time being, she 
had to drop the subject, as Jaxon, after wishing her a good evening, was heading towards the door. And here she was trudging along behind Francisco, who was so short that around a twist in the trail she caught sight, wiping the sweat out of her eyes, of a cluster of thatch roof huts straight ahead.
Their guide grunted as a young boy wearing only tattered shorts and war paint on his face shot out from behind a large trunk. The kid stood there grinning, homemade toy bow and arrow in hand. The small settlement was in a clearing. Chickens and small pigs were scrounging around, and two women squatted at an open fire, roasting something Gerri couldn’t identify. “That’s a porcupine on the spit,” Jaxon informed her. “Probably tonight’s meal.”
The sight was far from comforting, the beast having retained its head, but the smell was enticing. In Rome do as the Romans, she thought, as they approached the women. There were no supermarkets in the forest from which to choose fare more acceptable to a westerner.
Although, come to think of it, how ethical was it to eat the meat of animals who had been penned up and fattened all their short lives, brought into the world only to be slaughtered ?
By now her repellent had dissolved and she was grateful to stand near the fire in spite of the heat, and let the smoke deal with the mosquitoes. A bunch of kids had appeared out of thin air, one of them, a little boy, crowned by a baby monkey sprawled over the back of his head, its black pelt blending in with the child’s hair. With its huge lustrous eyes, the creature was gravely taking in all that was going on. Later Jaxon told her that if a mother monkey was killed for the pot, the baby was not left to die, but raised as a pet.
Francisco belonged to the small village and explained that the two foreigners would head deeper into the forest to find the Shaman. Jaxon was perfectly at ease in these surroundings, drinking from the wooden bowl the men, who’d come back from the hunt, had brought out. She was standing with a few women, two of which also sported a baby monkey, exchanging smiles and taking pictures when Jaxon motioned to her to come and take place in their circle, which meant dipping her lips into the beverage when the bowl reached her. Seeing Lucia’s horrified face in her mind’s eye and sending up a prayer to the God of Immunity, she took a sip. It wasn’t all that bad. She guessed it was some kind of craft beer probably made with manioc. She’d spied a field of the tubers behind the huts. And it certainly lightened the spirits, so much so that she was beginning to look forward with relish to a piece of that porcupine…
The full moon was peering down, like the eye of a giant in the velvety sky, and the tree frogs chirping like mad when they took possession of the hut they’d been allotted. They settled down on each side of the construction on a bed made of dry grass over planks propped up on stumps. And before she knew it, it was early dawn. She couldn’t remember ever having slept as well since Archer’s death. Jaxon’s pallet was empty, so she got into her clothes hurriedly, feeling she must have overslept. The idea of being late always made her nervous.
Jaxon watched as Gerri approached, short hair tussled, right hand busy scratching the itch of mosquito bites on her bare arms, trying to suppress a yawn. She’d gone out like a light last night in spite of the heat and humidity. Hadn’t stirred when he went through her rucksack, in search of what, he wasn’t sure. She was Archer’s wife, that he knew, for she was unmistakably the woman on the picture the man had shown him, and he’d checked her out. But he couldn’t really feel at ease around her. Once again, as she drew closer, he was struck by how much she reminded him of his wife, same wide-set eyes, high cheekbones and voluptuous mouth although their coloring was different. Harleth was blond and spent so many hours tanning, it was hard to tell what her skin tone really was. However, her complexion was certainly lighter than Gerri’s. But the resemblance stopped there. This woman’s stride and her bearing spoke of power, belying the rather subdued attitude she tended to adopt most of the time. The muscles under her skin owed little to the gym, she was definitely someone used to being outdoors and that detail had weighed on his decision to choose her as his companion for this trip. That and the fact that he had a feeling he’d better keep her close to him. Keep your friends close and your enemies closer… He smiled as he handed her a long object that looked like a banana, its skin mottled with dark spots - plantain she guessed, cooked over open flames. Quite palatable when washed down with a bowl of light beer.
“I slept like a log,” she said, looking around. For the time being, they were alone save for the chickens foraging for food, heads bobbing up and down, tidying up the clearing. One of them came up to her, clucking and tilting her head from side to side.
“She’s got her eye on that last piece of plantain, you better gobble it up quick !” Jaxon joked, “she’s jerking her head to get into binocular vision mode, beware !”
Before he had finished speaking, the beast had pecked out and seized the coveted tidbit.
“Wow ! That was fast !” Gerri cried. “Why can’t they gobble up these horrid mosquitoes just as fast ?”
“But they do. They help to control mosquitoes and ticks. However, no number of chickens will come to terms with the pests in these regions. “Here,” he said, pulling out a tube from his pocket, “use some of this on those arms. Scratching till you draw blood might cause an infection.”
She took the proffered tube. Antihistamine cream. Why hadn’t she thought to bring a supply along ?
“Don’t worry, I’ve got plenty. Go on, smear it on. It really helps !”
Chapter 14 – Now - the Shaman

Soon they were ready to hit the trail. The mosquitoes were on duty but some of the early morning’s freshness was still detectable, if only slightly, which didn’t prevent her rucksack from sticking to her back. She wondered what had happened to the much-touted promise of good air circulation between the pack and the back outdoor gear makers put forth in their marketing campaigns. But maybe she was being unfair. Everything was sticking to her, including vines and different bugs as their course took them nearer to a small river and into denser vegetation. 
“Follow the river until it separates and then go left. You will find the Shaman there.”
Those were Francisco’s last words before leaving them to their own devices. 
“If we keep moving, we should reach our goal before noon. There will be plenty of time to get acquainted and accomplish the rituals necessary.”
“Rituals ?” she croaked. All her body moisture was being drawn out and her mouth felt like it was full of blotting paper.
“Yes, rituals. Now, remember, drink as much water as you wish. The pills kill the bacteria. You needn’t worry.”
“I know that,” she refrained from snarling, “it’s just that the more I drink, the hotter I feel.” Who did he think she was, some bimbo ? “So, you were mentioning rituals…”
“Rather a ritual, sorry to have spooked you. Not to worry, though. We won’t be made to sample ayahuasca and float away on the wings of hallucinations. No, just a Bano de Limpieza, or cleansing bath.”
“And that is ?” she snapped. There had to be some kind of juice in her boots, her feet were so wet and the mosquitoes hovering around her ears and eyes were driving her mad. She felt like running away as fast as she could, in the hopes of leaving them far behind.
“Nothing more than a purifying herbal bath aimed at the dissipation of negative energies and thoughts. Just the thing for us now.” He had stopped and turned to her, smiling in spite of the swarms of bugs around him and his soaking shirt. “You are doing well, Gerri, the first time is tough, like a good slap in the face. But don’t despair. In a few days, hopefully, we will be back home.”
She couldn’t recall him ever shortening her name to Gerri. It was always Geraldine, when he didn’t call her Josephine, God knows why. Looking at the streams of sweat running down his face, she was a little ashamed for being short-tempered. Here she was, acting like a pampered city dweller. She had to get a grip on herself. Had her distress after Archer’s death got the better of the warrior in her ? She shook her head, and smiled back at Jaxon as the raucous roar of the howler monkeys resounded above them, high in the canopy. If she hadn’t been told it was a monkey making that noise, she would have thought some great feline was on the prowl nearby. It was startling, to say the least.
“I’m sorry for being selfish and should spend more time appreciating the beauty of what’s around us instead of complaining. I’ve never heard so many bird calls nor seen such vivid flowers, they are the colors children go for in their crayon box - yellow, red, blue.” 
“And sometimes a mix of red and blue,” he remarked, pointing to an enormous purple blossom swaying on its vine just a few feet away.
They trudged along in silence. She was grateful he was leading, as slashing the vegetation to clear the path was exhausting in this heat.
“Smell that ?” Jaxon asked. There was a whiff of smoke on the heavy air. It had to be coming from the Shaman’s retreat. A few minutes later, they came upon a small hut and a thatch roof shelter, large enough for a dozen people to gather under. They stood there, taking the place in. It looked deserted save for the fire burning in the middle of the shelter. A slight noise made them turn around. An elderly man, covered in tattoos and wearing only cutoff jeans, had appeared out of the jungle. What struck Gerri were his eyes - pupils like marbles of obsidian. If the eyes were the path to the soul, this man’s soul was well guarded. Other than that, he was no different from the indigenous people she had met so far. Thick, longish dark hair, rather broad features in a slightly oval face, deep wrinkles. Carried on his back, front legs tied under his chin and hind legs attached around his waist, like a rucksack, was a small deer. One of the man’s hands held a bow and some arrows.
She wasn’t surprised to see that they’d been expected. The man spoke a mix of English and Spanish and soon he was showing Jaxon a series of fresh leaves, herbs and roots, while sitting under the shelter drinking, of all things, from a bottle of tepid Coca-Cola. He’d offered them some and she guessed the bottles had been brought as presents to the healer. The conversation really picked up when they started examining a dark-stemmed plant with long reddish leaves - the specimen was dried but easily recognizable - along with a clump of yellowish grass attached to a tangled mess of roots.
“These are what we need to collect,” Jaxon told her. “The trick is to mix the leaves of the dagger plant with the roots of this modest-looking grass. Part of our work in the lab will be to get the proportions right.”
She picked up the specimens and after examining them, pulled her phone out and took a series of pictures. These would be useful when plant hunting.
“But before he shows us where to find these plants, we need to go through the cleansing ritual,” Jaxon reminded her, making her look up from her task. She had totally forgotten about that part of the expedition.
“Here, now ?”
The old man had put a large pot filled with water over the fire and started throwing herbs and flowers into it.
The smell coming off the brew was heady and made her cough, at which the old man chuckled.
“Yes, behind the hut there in the small clearing.”
“But what are we to do ?”
“Wash all negative energy away by cleansing ourselves with his special concoction, leaving the flowers to drop off our skin at leisure.”
It didn’t sound as bad as she had feared. “What about privacy ? I’m not running around stark naked in the jungle with two men close by and a myriad of mosquitoes on my heels!”
“You’ll see there is a matted screen hanging in the clearing. We will do our cleansing behind that.”
“Rather like taking a shower, then ?” she quipped. Suddenly the situation appeared funny.
“In a way. But do not show any disrespect. We need the Shaman’s cooperation.”
The old man had gone down to the river with the deer, gutting it and skinning it for that evening’s meal. She was eagerly looking forward to eating, as her stomach had begun to gargle. The fruit they had lunched on was long gone.

She went first, being instructed to shed her clothes and dipping into the pot, the contents of which had been cooled by the addition of fresh water, to rub her body with the mixture. To her surprise, she found the experience very soothing. The liquid mysteriously took the fire out of her mosquito bites and she thoroughly enjoyed the moment, feeling fresh and clean, like Eve on the very first day. 
Jaxon had thought she would be out from behind the screen in record time as she hadn’t been too keen on performing the ritual, but when after a quarter of an hour she still hadn’t appeared, he got up from his spot near the fire, to check if she was all right, sighing as the mosquitoes dive bombed towards him now that he wasn’t screened by the smoke. However, he stopped short in his tracks as he rounded the hut. Geraldine had just stepped out from behind the screen, naked and covered in bits of grass and flowers. Eyes closed, face raised to the sun, in a kind of trance, she twirled on herself gently as the drying flowers fell off her.
He immediately retreated, feeling he had encroached on a very private moment. Troubled, he went back to the fire, where the squatting Shaman was now skewering thick chunks of deer. The old man peered up at him, taking in Jaxon’s flushed face.
“Not only the fire burns…” he said softly.
Jaxon wasn’t blind. Gerri was beautiful, but he hadn’t let himself dwell on her as a woman, a possible mate. The sight of her naked voluptuous body, full rounded breasts, flat belly, long muscular legs, was branded on his pupils. Dancing, swaying, covered with flowers, he’d discovered a modern version of Botticelli’s Primavera rising from the sea, but a very feline one, a powerful jungle Venus. 
A few minutes later, she came round to the shelter and it was his turn to cleanse. He heard the old man snicker as he left, without a word to her.

With a full belly - the deer was leaner than the porcupine but delicious all the same - and wonderfully relaxed, Gerri dropped off almost as soon as she climbed into one of the four hammocks strung up in the Shaman’s hut. Things were looking up. She didn’t need to rub as much antihistamine ointment in any longer and could breathe more easily, getting used to the ambient humidity. Tomorrow, the old man would show them where to find clumps of the yellow grass near his settlement. This they would collect on their way back. As for the dagger plant, they had to travel upstream quite a bit, which meant camping out one night. But she would worry about that tomorrow. Jaxon had been even quieter than usual. She wondered if it was in reaction to the cleansing. He hadn’t been interested in talking about it.
Rusks… she couldn’t believe her eyes when the Shaman held out the package to her early the next morning. They weren’t as crispy as they should be, but tasted good nevertheless. One more offering from the many people who took part in the ceremonies he presided. Civilization inched its way into the furthest recesses of the planet, and she found it disquieting. Jaxon and the Shaman had stopped talking when she drew up. She looked at her boss inquisitively, but he just smiled. “You’re a very sound sleeper,” he said, reaching for his bowl of light beer. “Nothing seems to wake you, not even a jaguar roaming around the hut…”
Liquid swished out of her bowl as she turned round to scan the jungle behind her. “When was this ?” A slinky beast pouncing out of the dark jungle was enough to give one nightmares…
“A few hours ago. He was quite near and hungry by the sound of his low growl.”
“You’re pulling my leg !”
The Shaman was shaking his head. “Iaguara… big one.”
“But what about tonight ? We’ll be camping out !”
“Don’t worry. We’ve got flares which are very effective when it comes to frighten animals away as well as our trusty machetes.”
“If you say so… Are there any other threats I should know about, just to be ready if ever ?”
He was about to answer when the Shaman, pointing to the sky, bid them rise. It was time to hit the trail. They followed him for about half an hour through the vegetation till they reached the point where the river split into two arms. They were to travel up the left branch for about three hours until they reached a gnarled swamp forest. There they would find the dagger plant.
As they stood before the old man, he pulled out a bunch of herbs from a small bag and lighting them up with a disposable lighter, blew smoke towards them, chanting Okoymo, Okoymo… and then, without a word, he bowed, hands joined, and left.

Chapter 15 – Now -The Amazon

“What was that ? What’s Okoymo ?” Gerri asked, wondering if she shouldn’t dab on some more repellent. The ground here was damper and they walked through swarms of gnats that got stuck to her sweating face and neck.
Jaxon was hacking through thick ferns blocking their progress and took his time answering.
“He was appealing to the Cobra Grande to protect us.”
“Cobra Grande ? Hey ! That’s a snake, a big one !”
“The beast appears in many Amazonian folk tales and is implicated in the ever-shifting topography caused by the massive rainfall. Waterways are regularly excavated by rural Amazonians, but when one comes across a channel whose origin is obscure, it is said to be the work of the Cobra Grande.”
“And how does this giant snake carve out channels ?” This was getting weird.
“With an angry whip of its tail…”
Sitting at home in her modern flat, the story would have sounded childish. Here, caught in the thick vegetation, with squawks, cries and rustles all around, it resounded quite differently.
She began checking the forest floor on the lookout for snakes. Stepping on one would definitely not be a good idea.
They trudged on in silence, stopping only to drink a few sips of water, the heat and the weight of their backpacks leaving little breath to spare for conversation.
Jaxon’s pace quickened as the soil became spongy and the vegetation changed. Giant trees with large spines protruding from their trunks and plank-like buttresses rose before them. The ground was covered with shrubs and low leafy plants.
“We will soon reach our goal,” he announced. “The dagger plants grow down near the river which is hard to see from here because of all the swampy land around us. I suggest we head for higher land and find a place to bivouac.”
She agreed heartily to his proposal. Her stomach had been rumbling for at least an hour.
Once they had selected a comparatively dry spot and dropped their gear, they unpacked some food. As she was enthusiastically chewing on a piece of dried meat, enjoying the absence of her rucksack straps on her shoulders, she suddenly remembered the word the Shaman had been mumbling over and over.
“So, what does Okoymo really mean ?” She’d caught Jaxon looking at her and wouldn’t let him wriggle out this time.
“If you must know, it means anaconda. After your reaction to the news of the jaguar prowling around, I thought it better not to tell you.”
She was piqued. “Screening me from danger is downright stupid ! Are there any other deadly creatures I should know about ?”
He passed his hand over his face and smiled sadly. “I’m sorry. I guess it comes from habit. I lived with someone who was very excitable…”
“Your wife, you mean ?”
“Yes, my wife…”
“Do you know where she is ?” She just had to ask the question. Here, far from civilization, laws and order, she felt one could speak freely.
“No, she disappeared one day years ago and I haven’t had any news since. I’m aware that all kinds of rumors circulate about me at work, even that I killed her and did away with the body. But they aren’t true. I’d give anything to know where she is…”
“You loved her ?” she asked, without thinking.
“She was the love of my life, until she wasn’t any more…” 
He lifted his face, eyes on her. “You and I are both survivors.” The tone of his voice was such that she couldn’t hold back her tears and a lump rose in her throat, making her spit out the mouthful of meat she had been chomping on. 
Two bruised souls lost in the jungle… He’d got up to take a few steps while she wiped away her tears, noticing that the wad of food she’d spat out was already crawling with ants. Things sure moved fast in the forest kingdom.
Once they had collected wood for the evening fire, and decided where to hang up the light tarpaulin and their hammocks, it was time to get down to business. Jaxon carried a sturdy nylon bag with the tools needed to dig up specimens, Gerri followed with a supply of purified water, flares and a machete.
As they approached the river, the soil got softer and softer, each step making a suction noise, like a sloppy kiss, and the insects more daring. She had stopped and was staring cross-eyed at a large bug that had the impudence to land on her nose, when a hoarse scream resounded. She couldn’t imagine Jaxon crying out. When she managed to catch up, nearly losing a boot to the marshy soil in her haste, horror paralyzed her and she stood riveted to the spot for what seemed like an eternity taking in the scene before her, before bursting into action. A giant anaconda had the man in its grip, three coils wound around his upper body. Gerri had just seconds to act as the beast’s embrace would overwhelm the circulatory system and Jaxon’s brain would be blood starved. The tail, the tail - the words were beating about in her brain. Reaching down, she seized the creature’s tail, the skin surprisingly smooth and a bit leathery under her fingers, and tugged at it with all her might, pulling it away from Jaxon, fighting the potent muscles before falling to her knees on it and bringing the machete down hard, chopping two good feet of tail right off. Without losing a second, she pulled out a flare, screaming to Jaxon to close his eyes, lit it and thrust it in the creature’s face. That did the trick. In a flash, Jaxon was unwrapped, sent rolling in the mud and the mutilated beast had made an escape.
“Did it bite you ? Are you wounded ?” She was sitting alongside him in the muck.
Gasping for breath, he couldn’t speak. She placed his head and shoulders on her knees and checked out his skin under his torn shirt. Finding no wounds, she was thinking of turning him around when he raised a hand and pointed to his tool bag. It bore a number of rips.
“It clamped down on your bag ?” The relief she felt made her head spin. A bite out here could mean death.
Still breathing hard, he nodded, eyes closed. 
Was the guy born under a lucky star or a dark one ? His wife had disappeared, Archer had died on one of his field trips and if they hadn’t taken flares along, he would probably be dead now too.
She gently pushed strands of his strange whitish hair out of his face and with her shirt tails cleaned the mud away. She was leaning over him and when he finally opened his eyes, she got a jolt. With his face inverted, he suddenly looked positively alien. She shuddered, but then realized that he was probably receiving the same uncanny impression. She couldn’t get him to sit up fast enough, and when he was stable, she went in search of the snake’s tail which to her disgust, was still wiggling.  
Coming back with her trophy, she found him struggling to get up, rubbing his ribs.
“You were sure caught in a tight embrace,” she joked, feeling at a loss, standing there with a serpent’s bloody tail dangling from her hand, now that the adrenaline had stopped pumping through her system.
“I thought I was gone,” Jaxon said, voice hoarse. “If it hadn’t been for you…” He was up now, but unsteady on his feet.
“I did what I could. Happily, it succeeded. Let’s go back to our camp. You need a rest. We will collect our samples early tomorrow.”
She went up to him and, arm around his waist, they retraced their steps.
“I should have been more wary as we neared the river. Large snakes often lurk near the banks, waiting for animals to come to drink.” He spoke haltingly.
“Don’t waste your breath on speculating. The beast didn’t get you, that’s what counts !”
“If it hadn’t chomped down on my bag…” He made a face, shaking his head.
“We would be in a fix, all right ! Bet those fangs are teeming with bacteria just waiting to express themselves in a wound.”
“Tough girl, aren’t you ? Even bringing back the spoils of the battle.” He was nodding towards the length of tail in her hand.
“Yep, might as well get something out of the experience. I’m sure it will be delicious roasted.”
Jaxon grunted. His ribs were sore, his throat felt strange. Every step cost him. He felt like he’d aged fifty years.
As soon as they reached their camp, Jaxon refused to lie down in the hammock, needing to open up his chest. He sat propped up against a large trunk while she boiled water for tea, adding a good measure of sugar. Once he had hydrated himself, she pulled off what was left of his shirt, and gently washed away the mud and bits of vegetation smearing his chest and face.
He started shaking from delayed shock, so she wrapped him up in the light survival blanket she always traveled with and came to sit next to him, locking an arm under his. As his tremors calmed down, he began speaking.
“Men always pride themselves on their ability to protect women, the gentler sex. How ludicrous. I wasn’t able to help or protect my wife and now you have saved my life…”
“You really don’t know where your wife is ?” The question kept nagging at her.
“Not a clue. The day she disappeared her passport and credit cards vanished with her. But her car was parked in front of the house. Timon, my son, thought he had heard a car in the driveway. Perhaps someone came to pick her up.”
“But couldn’t you trace her through her credit cards ?”
“They were never used. Which tells me she didn’t want to be found.”
“Or that she is dead…” Gerri added, biting her lip.
“Not knowing why, or what happened is enough to drive one crazy.”
“You mentioned your son. How did he take it ?”
There was a drawn-out silence. Had she been too inquisitive ? She needed to get closer to the man if she wanted him to trust her and reveal the truth about Archer’s fate. 
Having seen Geraldine in action, owing her his life, Jaxon was fully conscious of what a formidable adversary she could be. Talking about his doomed marriage would be safe ground.
“Timon was a difficult child from day one, hard to read. I now realize that right from the start, pregnancy did not go down well with my wife. She’d been a child beauty queen and those years had left their mark.”
“She was obsessed with her body image ?” Gerri suggested.
His sigh told it all. “How many times did I come home to find she had been vomiting. She tried to hide it, but I have a keen sense of smell. When she clocked on to that, she would mix vodka in her smoothies to cleanse her breath. I can’t tell you how often we got into fights about that. Not to mention her crazy spells of dieting. Fluid retention during pregnancy causes slight temporary facial transformations, such as a fuller face and in her case, receding gums, making her teeth appear longer and more prominent. She just couldn’t accept it.”
“Alcohol and lack of nutrients can harm the fetus…”
“Don’t I know that ? And then there were bouts of depression as the baby grew and her body changed. Sometimes she refused to get dressed, staying in a bathrobe all day, from time to time standing naked before the mirror with a look of horror on her face.”
“It must have been a very stressful time…” 
Jaxon was staring straight ahead, jaw clenched, breathing fast.
She gave his arm a squeeze. “Don’t speak if it’s too painful. You’ve been through enough today.”
He turned to look at her. “No, to speak is a relief, but I feel uncomfortable burdening you with my sad story.”
“Right now, it seems to me that most stories are sad. Archer was the man I had been looking for without really knowing it. For years, I scanned the faces of people in crowds, of every lasting person I met, always on the lookout for some detail, some sign. The few relationships I was in never lasted long. He just wasn’t the guy. And then, one day, I met Archer and I knew I had found what I had been longing for…”
“Don’t I know that feeling!  I was overcome by Harleth’s grace, her frailty also, perhaps. But my instincts were out of kilter and over the years, I learned that she was not at all the mate I wanted.”
“That’s a hard thing to say…” Gerri wondered if Jaxon was intentionally steering the conversation away from Archer.
“It’s the blatant truth, however untoward it sounds. I looked into the jaws of death today and that helps you recognize things for what they really are.”
Jaxon was breathing more regularly now and the fire needed to be fed. She rose to add a few logs to the embers and put a pot of water on to boil. It was still stifling hot in spite of the sun going down and they were both dehydrated.
“Did things get better after the baby was born ?” She was standing a few feet away from the fire, her back to him, waiting to make more tea.
“The first minutes, she was ecstatic. As if the baby knew that the going would be rough, it presented to the world the most angelic little face ever. Harleth couldn’t get over how beautiful our son was.” Jaxon stopped talking as he reached up for the mug Gerri was now handing him. He set it down on the forest floor and stared into the darkening jungle around them. 
She could hear the pain in his voice when he went on. “You see, the problem was that Timon was born with a flaw. A deformity.”
She’d returned to the fire to give him some space and was now busy preparing small chunks of the anaconda’s tail to be roasted. Swamp dwelling reptiles carry salmonella and the meat needed to be cooked thoroughly. Once their meal was on its way, she turned back to Jaxon, astonished at his silence. He had fallen asleep, his empty mug still in his hand. And it came as no surprise. The day’s emotional load had been tremendous. Now that his eyes were closed, she scanned his relaxed face, taking in the high brow, the unusual contrast between his complexion and hair, the sensuous mouth and firm jaw line. His head would have been that of a Greek warrior, carved in marble, but for a certain feral quality showing through. She turned away, blushing, Staring at him thus, when his face was offered off guard, made her feel like a voyeur.
His dropping off gave her time for a badly needed wash. She used what was left of the hot water and it was heavenly. But now that the camp was tidy, Jaxon safely dreaming away, thinking over the drama down by the river, she began to shake. The snake’s broad coils wrapped around Jaxon’s body was a vision from hell. Her first impulse had been to run away, get as far as she could from the horror taking place on the muddy soil. An urge she had felt many a time during her childhood upon hearing her mother scream under her new companion’s blows. Why couldn’t adults behave ? What was wrong with her mother ? But as a child, she had resisted the urge, grabbed her phone, one of her only luxuries, and called the cops. She did it time and again, although her mother more often than not scolded her afterwards, slapping her hard. Nevertheless, it was perhaps because of that that the woman had come to Las Vegas, to tear her away from her father and Gerri was grateful to her, although back home, nothing changed. It would have been foolish to expect the woman to mend her ways and turn into a responsible adult, ready to stand up for herself and her child. The lesson of her mother’s life had not been lost on the little girl and she had resolved never to follow in her tracks. She wasn’t a little proud of how she’d stood up to the challenge in the swamp, hacking away at the nightmarish beast that had Jaxon in its grip and scorching it with the flare. The unfortunate creature having sought refuge under some large leafed shrubs had to be dead by now, feeding a wild array of beasts and bugs, in nature’s eternal cycle. Was nature cruel or just pitilessly indifferent ? She shivered as her stomach growled. Emotions triggered the need for food and comfort.

Once she had woken Jaxon up, as it was now dark and the air getting damper, he managed to get to his feet and come sit near the camp fire. Squatting, tending to the fire in the clearing had been curiously soothing for Gerri, as if she had reconnected with the gestures of the long line of women, going back for millennia, who had watched over the hearth, eyes following the bright tongues of fire as they circled the logs, licking them amorously, shooting up hungrily through the twigs.
“So, now we are to eat the enemy,” Jaxon joked, his voice still hushed, “like some of our ancestors did after squirmishes, although I’m grateful the dish served by my dauntless victor is only snake…”
She was relieved to see that his mood had improved and he was considering the situation through the eye of the scientist. “This has to be a first for you, but I must say, you roast a mean snake !” He’d taken a bite and was nodding appreciatively.
It was indeed quite palatable, if a little oily.
“Tomorrow, we check out the bushes as we near the river before we harvest. Then we head back…” Jaxon added, grinning. He was recovering fast, but it was plain that taking a deep breath was still painful, and he ate slowly. 
“No qualms about going back down ?” she asked, casting around for a twig that could serve as a tooth pick, a piece of meat having got stuck between her teeth.
“Not with my body guard ! Where did you learn to be so ready to react when faced with danger ? Most people freeze.” He’d stopped eating and was looking steadily at her.
“Guess I got plenty of practice in my childhood.”
“Not all rosy ?” She was happy to note that when he picked up his mug, his hand was steady, and his eyes kind.
“What childhood is ?” She’d never been keen on speaking about that period of her life but if she engaged on the topic, she might be able to get him to speak about his upbringing too. “My parents divorced when I was six. Looking back, I still wonder how they managed to stay together that long. My father would go on binges and become violent. As to my mother, she never grew a backbone.”
“Could you have turned to a brother or a sister ?”
“No, I was an only child. What about you ?”
Jaxon put down his mug and passed a hand over his eyes. When he looked up, his face was grim. “I wasn’t an only child, but became one…”
“What happened ?”
“Colton was my big brother. My hero. I looked up to him almost as a substitute father. I’m not sure my mother wanted more than one child, but I came along. She was too wrapped up with my father, to pay much attention to her brood, and most of the time, we ran wild.” 
“Were your parents later-day hippies ?”
“No, absolutely not !  My father had a small business and my mother spent all her energy hectoring him, which leads me, as a biologist, to wonder how hardwired a woman’s need to nurture and protect her child is…”
“Maternal instinct would be a social construct ?” 
“Tough question… the nurturing instinct is biologically inbuilt in mammals, a biological impulse telling the body how to respond to a young one. Cries will induce lactation in the animal kingdom. But the decision of a human mother to act upon the biological tug is all hers.” 
Gerri had often had cause to reflect on the topic too, reaching a similar conclusion, but right now she needed information.
“Tell me what happened to your brother.” 
His tone was bitter. The hurt still vivid. “Colton was packed off to summer camp. When we were together on holidays, Mom said we made too much noise in the house. The second time, when he came back, he was tired and looked peaked. My parents put it down to his being overactive in the camp, horsing around with the other boys, not getting enough sleep. When he complained of abdominal cramps, they attributed it to the change of diet. Then one morning as he pulled his covers up around his shoulders, I caught sight of his feet. They were bloated, enormous. Mom took him to the local physician who gave him diuretics and a pat on the back. Colton was slightly better the next day, but then his temperature escalated and he was delirious. This time they closed the shop and drove him to the hospital. He’d caught a gastrointestinal tract infection when in camp and an immune reaction had devastated his red blood cell and platelet levels. He died of kidney injury.”
“HUS, hemolytic uremic syndrome… How devastating !” Without realizing, she’d seized his hand, holding it in hers. And then she let go, remembering how particular he was about being touched.
He shook his head, smiling sadly. “I see you’ve caught on to my germ mania and dislike for physical contact. But it doesn’t apply when I’m out in the wild, although that makes no sense. The snake was certainly crawling with bacteria of all sorts and yet the fact didn’t trouble me in the least.”
“Trauma can easily unhinge us and your brother’s sudden death must have been hard to accept, to say the least.” To her surprise, he picked her hand up and gave it a light kiss.
“To learn that my big, strong brother, my protector, had died because of some strain of E. coli, passed on through contaminated food or water, rocked my outlook on life. That such a thing could happen in our modern times, with doctors and hospitals within easy reach, in a world where life expectancy was around eighty years old, triggered a reaction I still have difficulty in mastering. “
“You developed a kind of OCD.”
“Repeated hand cleansing, developing rituals, doing my best to wash food when my mother wasn’t looking. I hoarded my brother’s toys. Even bit my mother when she tried to pry an old broken toy truck away from me. Probably wouldn’t have bitten her, had I stopped to think about all the germs crawling on her skin.” He shook his head, rolling his eyes.
“But all this disappears when you are away from ‘civilization’ ?”
“Yes, I can’t explain it other than the neurosis is attached to a certain type of environment.”
“There was nobody to help you see things more rationally, to help you cope with your loss ?” She was aghast. Here was another case of severe parental negligence.
“You must be joking. My parents took Colton’s death in their stride and life went on as if nothing had happened. Indeed, Colton was not to be mentioned at all. But, anyhow, what is rational about a young boy dying because of gross incompetence ? That first doctor was a clown and my parents unfit to be parents. You can understand why the search for a molecule liable to prevent the immune system from boing berserk is so important to me.”
“Was Colton your only sibling ?” 
Jaxon had picked up a stick and begun drawing circles in the dust. His words came out slowly. “Later I learnt that I had a half-sister. My father managed to escape my mother’s vigilance long enough to father a child. It goes without saying that she was never mentioned at home and once my mother discovered my father’s infidelity, she made sure he paid for his sins.”
“So you never met her ?”
Jaxon looked up from his drawings, shaking his head, “No.” After that, he got up, stretched, breathed deeply and took a few steps.
He was still bare chested. She watched him move away and suddenly cried out, “Your back ! What happened ?”
“What, what’s wrong, a leach ? ” He swiveled his head, an arm shooting up to try to brush off whatever had latched on to him.
“No, but there’s a long bluish mark .”
He snorted, shaking his head. “That’s nothing, just a tattoo. Bet that tomorrow there will be a few more bluish blemishes decorating my person !”
She had risen too and was examining his back. “It’s a sword, looks like an old one !”
She was almost as tall as him and he could read amazement in her eyes when he turned round. “Colton had been fascinated from early on by the world of the gladiator. We had plenty of books and a series of wooden swords. After my brother’s death, I deepened my knowledge of their world. Later, the preoccupation with order, symmetry and exactness of the training did a lot to help me remain sane.”
“So you had a reminder etched in your flesh.”
“It felt right. But let’s not talk about that. I owe you my life, Gerri. No gladiator, however well trained, could have vanquished that snake. I won’t forget it.” 
“Relax, Jaxon. Anybody would have done the same. Our ancestral past primes us to act.”
“Not everybody is as much in touch with our common heritage as you are. I was fortunate to have you as my companion.” He placed his hand on her shoulder as he spoke.
She felt herself blush. She was unused to compliments.
“Come on, don’t be modest ! he joked. “You get the best hammock tonight, you earned it !”
Suddenly the days exertions caught up with her and she was happy to let herself drop into the cloth cocoon, although she would have liked to pursue their conversation, gently steering it towards Archer. She wondered if Jaxon hadn’t sensed it and decided it was time to doss down ? She really couldn’t figure him out. But what she was becoming conscious of was the attraction he exerted on her, and she didn’t know how she felt about it. Archer had been dead only a little over six months and in her mind, she still belonged to him, her body was his, not hers yet to dispose of. She fell asleep frowning as she tried to sort out what she wanted, who she was.
Chapter 16 – Then – the child

Timon… Jaxon had held the baby tightly against his chest right after the umbilical cord was severed, before lifting the child to his face. When the little creature had locked eyes with him, he felt they had silently acknowledged each other. Having tended to the baby right after the delivery, he knew it had a deformed foot and that surgery would be required when the child was around two years old to ensure he could walk normally.
But Harleth was another matter. She had violently recoiled later in the doctor’s office upon discovering the deformed foot, a look of horror on her face. Her screams still resounded in his head.
“This isn’t true ! It can’t be ! My baby has to be perfect !”
She’d refused to pick the child up until its light blue onesie had been pulled on and the foot concealed from view. Staring at the boy’s sweet face, she had cried, until the child’s cheeks were wet with tears.
“How could this happen to us, to my baby, my lovely baby ?” she moaned.
After leaving the clinic, there was a period of sideration during which she alternatively became fiercely possessive of the baby, then dismissive, refusing to feed it. Although Jaxon was all for breastfeeding to enhance the baby’s immune defenses, he came to realize that it was fortunate that Harleth had point-blank refused to nurse her son. In her opinion her body had endured enough stress during the pregnancy, and she wasn’t about to have a suckling baby latch on to her breasts and ruin them. So, when she was in one of her negative moods, refusing to touch the baby, Jaxon or the day nurse could feed the child, who ate greedily. But that period was short lived. Harleth was soon to turn on Jaxon in her need to find someone to blame for their son’s deformity.
One evening, after she, for once, had put the baby to bed, and set out a bottle of Jaxon’s favorite wine, a Sicilian variety, on the coffee table, she snuggled up to him on the sofa. He’d put down his wife’s erratic behavior towards their child to a spell of baby blues and was hoping she would grow out of it soon. Tonight looked promising. She was sitting close to him, her arm locked under his. He savored her warmth and the peaceful atmosphere. Knowing he was to leave on a field trip at the end of the month had caused him a lot of anxiety. But a colleague had recommended a competent nanny who had agreed to come in during his absence. He’d told Harleth about the arrangement earlier in the evening. She’d taken the news of his coming absence calmy, much more so than he had expected. But the lull wasn’t to last. Just as he was savoring a sip of his wine, letting himself be carried away to the sunny slopes of the Etna, he was startled by Harleth’s question : “You did go collecting in Russia, didn’t you ?” 
He looked at her, frowning. “Where’s that coming from ?”  What could possibly be going through her mind ?
“But you did, I remember you telling me about it.”
So, his wife had been listening to him talk about his work. He’d enjoyed her attention when telling her about his job, but hadn’t expected her to register what he said. She had little interest in biology or science, for that matter, unless it related to the enhancement of the face or body.
“Yes, I did go to Russia, to the Ukraine, to be exact.”
“To be quite exact, to Chernobyl.” She was scanning his face, her eyes hard.
“Indeed, I went there to collect extremophiles.”
“Stuff that thrives in harsh environments ?”
He smiled. He was astonished she remembered that. But his smile was soon wiped off his face by what came next.
“But Chernobyl is a radioactive site, isn’t it ?”
“That’s right. We collected species of fungi that prosper in highly radioactive environments such as the Chernobyl cooling pools. These same fungi also populate the exteriors of spacecraft in low orbit.” After another sip of his wine, he added, “There’s hope that one day we will be able to use such fungi as a radiation shield to protect space travelers.”
Harleth suddenly jumped up, knocking his glass out of his hand and facing him, screamed, “It’s you, I knew it ! You are responsible, you poisoned our child !”
“What do you mean ?” Jaxon had got up too, grabbing a paper napkin to sponge the wine off his jeans.
“You were exposed to high levels of radiation and now I’ve given birth to a monster !”
“Don’t talk about our son like that ! Birth defects are quite common.”
“I’ve looked it up, intense radiation causes mutations !” Her strident voice carried and it woke the baby who was now crying  upstairs in its room. Harleth made no move to see to it. Without a word, Jaxon heated up some formula in the kitchen and went up to the nursery. Ten minutes later, Timon was fast asleep again, thumb in mouth. When he rejoined Harleth on the sofa, his face was grave. She was staring blankly into space.
“Harleth, nobody is responsible for our son’s deformed foot. Neither you nor me. Such occurrences come from a gene inherited from one of our distant ancestors, and we have little control over that.”
“What about exposure to radioactivity ?” Her face wore a stubborn expression, but he could read the agony in her eyes and understood her desperate need to make sense of what had happened. But her efforts were pointless, as he well knew.
“The harvesting of those fungi was carried out by robots. We all wore special suits and were never allowed near the hotspots. Our radiation levels were checked and rechecked constantly.
We were exposed to no more radiation than the amount you receive when traveling by plane a couple of times !”
All fight had gone out of her now and she was sobbing, “Then why ? Why ? He’s so beautiful, why is he not perfect ?”
“We should be thankful we have a lovely child. Apart from his foot, he’s perfectly normal, and the foot can easily be mended, so he will walk like all the other children. And there’s more to life than looks. ”
“That’s easy for you to say, you’re perfect ! Timon will never be like other children ! He’s like a beautiful vase with a crack, and no matter what they do to repair him, the crack will always be there !”
Suddenly angered, Jaxon seized his wife by the shoulders, shaking her good. “You cannot go on saying such things. It will harm the boy. Like all children, he needs our love. I can see how contented he is when you take him in your arms, his little face fairly glows.”
“That’s the worst part. He’s so beautiful and yet flawed !” She went on sobbing as he drew her close and gently kissed her bent head, at a loss what more to say.


Chapter 17 – Now - The Amazon

She’d slept well and was woken up by Jaxon pottering around the fire. It was still dark.
“Not too sore ?” she inquired as she rejoined him, trying to pick away all the twigs and pieces of leaf caught in her hair.
“A bit bruised, but breathing fine ! Don’t think I ever want to be held in a tight embrace again, though, even if the damsel is Miss Universe !”
“Don’t ever want to see someone in such a tight embrace again either !” she laughed.
“Intimacy sure has its limits !” Jaxon was pouring hot water into their mugs and handing her the package of rusks the Shaman had given them, along with a bowl of porridge cooked with water and milk powder.
Chewing, Gerri decided she couldn’t point-blank ask him about Archer, but would try to get him to talk about himself again, hoping there would somehow be an overture.
“You look like you are used to making breakfast. Did you take care of your son alone after your wife disappeared ?”
“Mostly. I didn’t have live-in girlfriends, if that what’s you are hinting at.”
She sniggered. “I was wondering in fact about how a young boy coped with his mother vanishing.”
“Timon was no ordinary child.”
“You mentioned a birth defect…”
“He was born with a club foot. The defect in itself was easily remedied when he was still a toddler. What couldn’t be remedied was the effect this flaw produced on his mother.”
“She didn’t take to the child, not even with time ?”
Jaxon sighed. His tone was bitter when he pursued. “If only it had been that simple. No, she positively adored the boy. He was born with golden locks, and had an angelic face. At times she couldn’t get enough of him, but then the sight of the deformed foot made her reject him. The look on his little face when she coldly turned away from him tore me up.”
“The poor child, going from love to neglect, that can’t be healthy !”
“And that is not the whole picture. Motherhood was not something she was prepared for. The changes it brought about in her body were sacrilegious to her. She, of course, refused to nurse the baby, fearing her breasts would sag.”
“It’s not uncommon for new mothers to need time to adapt to the upheaval the arrival of a child creates. Add to that the cocktail of hormones flowing through her system…”
Jaxon smiled sadly. “Thanks for trying, Gerri, but Harleth’s problems went much deeper than a spell of baby blues. She became positively unhinged. She couldn’t accept that her baby wasn’t perfect and she started casting around for someone to blame.”
“But that’s absurd, if understandable. We all tend to address a negative situation by assigning blame.”
“Finding who was at fault… First, she turned on me. She remembered I’d been to Chernobyl, collecting samples of mosses and fungi. She was persuaded that I’d been exposed to radiation and that had caused the mutation responsible for our child’s defect.”
“The poor woman was grasping at straws.”
“Indeed. When she finally accepted the fact that the amount of radiation I’d been exposed to was negligible, things got worse.”
“She started blaming herself ?”
“She began saying that she should have listened to me when I pleaded with her to stop drinking and eat properly during her pregnancy, and that was just the beginning.”
“What else could there be ?” Gerri was frowning, nonplussed.
Jaxon was silent for a while. He added a log to the fire. He’d never spoken of his wife’s delusions before but here, it somehow seemed possible. “On a trip to Crete, Harleth had learned about the myth of the Minotaur. She was strangely attracted to the beast. She told me once she too, like him, was trapped in a maze. The creature often came to her in her dreams while she was expecting, especially if she had had a glass too many.”
He wasn’t about to share the fact that his son had most certainly been conceived in a cave amid the thunderous sounds of some underground river, his wife imagined to be the Minotaur’s furious bellowing.
Gerri was puzzled, “That’s unusual. But what’s the connection ?”
“The hoofed foot, of course… “
“You mean, she attributed the child’s deformity to her dreams ?”
“As strange as that sounds, yes. A case of magical thinking. She started to believe that her thoughts had influenced the course of events in the material world.”
“But she was a grown woman, not a child !”
“Magical thinking persists into adulthood. But then, I’m not sure my wife really grew up. She coped very well with mundane situations. She could pull the wool over anyone’s eyes. I know she did over mine. But what was inside was another affair. And then she engaged on a guilt trip…”
“There was only one child, then ?”
“Only Timon.”
“At least you had one. Archer and I had begun talking about children, but then he died.” Try as she might, the sadness seeped out of her voice.
They were both standing now. Jaxon came over to her and passing his arm over her shoulder, hugged her. “I can understand your pain. He was close to me too.”
She’d been waiting for this moment. “Will you tell me how he died ? It’s eating at me.”
She was staring right at him, defying him to lie.
Jaxon gently let go of her and took a step backward. “You know how he died. He was overcome by heatwave in the desert. I don’t know why he hadn’t enough water with him. He didn’t have much body fat and was aware he dehydrated faster than a more corpulent person.”
“I just don’t buy it…” Gerri said and he could read disappointment and perhaps scorn in her eyes and it hurt him. He felt tempted to tell her the truth, with her eyes pleading with him, her lips half open as if to drink his words. But could he trust her ? She’d saved his life, but that could mean anything. You can’t get information out of a dead man. And that was what she was after, he was certain of it. How well had Archer known her ? Theirs had been a shotgun wedding, surprising all his friends. And Jaxon had learned the hard way that love is blind, and beauty a beast. 
He shook himself and smiled. “Listen, we’ve got to start now. Otherwise, we won’t have time to collect and place the specimens to dry between blotting paper. Drying the tissue will preserve DNA integrity, at least long enough for our purposes, if not for a period of months. We are pressed for time and I don’t particularly wish to spend another night here.” He had crossed his arm and was massaging his ribs.
“You’re bruised ?” She felt she’d been near to getting him to speak. She would try again.
Without a word he opened his shirt wide. His torso was blue.
“Painful ?” she risked.
“Sort of. But let’s get down there. I’ll have plenty of time to moan and groan on the trip back.”
They shouldered their gear and set out towards the marsh and the river. Both now had long sticks and they beat the scrub and vines around them, on the lookout for hidden foes.
“It’s fortunate those bruises are concealed under your clothes. You would have been hard put explaining how you got bashed up at a conference in Iceland upon your return…”
“Drunken brawl in a Reykjavik bar. Northerners are notorious for heavy drinking.”
“Would have made a dent in your reputation, though.”
“It’s already plenty bad…” was all he answered.
Once they reached the river banks, plodding through the swampy ground, it didn’t take them long to spot clusters of the dagger plant. Gerri noted the location in the GPS and then they started collecting. They took plants from various spots along the river and when Jaxon was satisfied he had a good-sized sample, they returned to the camp. Gerri could have kicked herself for again forgetting to take repellent along. She’d been too troubled before leaving to think straight and Jaxon didn’t have any on him. He was so concentrated on the job he didn’t notice the swarms floating around them. Creatures were even caught in her hair and her scalp was driving her crazy. As they trudged along, she wondered if there were mosquitoes in California. If not, she’d have to wear a lot of foundation to hide the bites from Shantyl’s shrewd stare.

Later that day, they got back to the Shaman’s camp utterly exhausted but unharmed. Upon seeing Jaxon’s bruises, the old man touched them gently and then bowed before him.
“The Great Snake wanted you for her mate ! That size, it could only be a female.”
“More like her meal. And I don’t think I’m good husband material.” Under the banter, Gerri could hear the hurt.
Turning to Gerri, the Shaman said, “You fought her off ? Wouldn’t let her have your man ?”
Blushing, she answered, “I did what anyone would have done. And I certainly wasn’t trying to fend off competition ! That’s ludicrous !”
“You are a strong woman. But even strong women have hearts…”
She was relieved when, after a meal of some roasted creature - she was too weary to even ask what it could possibly be - the Shaman led them to the patch of yellow grasses growing in a secluded clearing. Jaxon instructed her to take particular pains when collecting the roots of the plants. Here, there was a gentle breeze and it was an easy job compared to that morning’s bug-infested river bank.
The night was too short and at the crack of dawn, Jaxon had to shake her awake. Francisco was already there, speaking a mile a minute with the Shaman, waiting to take them back to the canoe. The sky was dark, the air heavy and soon she was drenched with sweat. They managed to get back to the canoe before the downpour started in earnest and Francisco just had time to throw an old tarpaulin over them. Huddled together in the gloom, with the rain drumming mercilessly on their cover, the moment was strangely intimate. His scent, reminding her of sandal wood, was discernable under the chemical tinge of the repellent and the bitterness of the smoke caught in their hair. Hopefully, she didn’t stink of sweat. Jaxon had passed his arm around her waist to ensure their stability as the craft battled the river and the gusts of wind. In their bubble, they were alone in the world. She shuddered. Jaxon held her tighter. “Cold ?”
“No, I just saw in our guide, Francisco, standing there at the helm, Charon, ferrying us across the Acheron.”
“Don’t let the jungle get to you, Gerri. Francisco knows his job. He will get us back to civilization safely.” Jaxon’s voice was calm and reassuring and she leaned closer.
She was quiet for a few minutes, snuggled against him, wishing nothing more than to close her eyes and drift away, but she had sought the job at Neozymes to get to the truth. Taking a deep breath, fighting against her feeling of wellbeing, she asked, “Did you meet any of Archer’s girlfriends before we married ?”
Jaxon gave a little start. The question came out of the blue. 
“Why do you want to know ? Very often the past can only harm us.”
“Lately, I’ve been thinking I didn’t really know him, and it makes things worse. You are the only person I know who was acquainted with him, the only person I can ask.”
“He wasn’t a womanizer, if that’s what you’re wondering. And I never heard him speak of another woman after he met you.”
“He did travel a lot for his job, and I trusted him. But now, I wonder.”
“What made you doubt him ?” Jaxon knew he might be about to step on a mine field, but he needed to know.
 “Nothing precise, just a feeling.” She wasn’t about to reveal to him what she’d found in Archer’s affairs.
“Digging into the past can be painful, all the more so that there is no way one can change it. We are powerless.”
He wasn’t ready to disclose anything about Archer’s past love life, so much was clear to Gerri, but getting him to talk about himself could be useful.
“You are referring to your wife, I take it.”
“She’d told me about her childhood very early in our relationship. But left out what came later. Her past was checkered, to say the least. She was an escort right up to the time we started going out together.”
“Did it matter ? Sometimes we are the victims of circumstances, and people do change.”
“Had I known, it would not have prevented me from marrying her. I too believed that past deeds don’t define us forever. I’m not sure I agree with that any longer. But the knowledge would have explained why she was so happy we moved away from California - too many johns there - and why the only time she agreed to accompany me to an office party, her presence created a scandal.”
“What happened ?”
“One of her former clients recognized her, and pushing her into a corner, began feeling her up. She threw her glass of champagne at him before slapping him hard. He retreated, cheek flaming, calling her a bitch. It cast a shadow over the party. She was crying and we left immediately, as people crowded around us.”
“And that’s when she told you about her past life…”
He didn’t need to answer. It was getting stuffy under the tarp. Together they lifted it slightly.
“For my son I tried to delete any picture of her that was floating around on the net and of course, failed. I can’t tell you how much I hate the damn thing and its tentacles, reaching out all over the world.” She was shaken by the violence in his voice.
The rain had abated. A few drops were preferable to the now claustrophobic atmosphere under the tarp. Francisco was looking at them as they emerged, Jaxon still holding her, and winked, making her blush deeply - this was becoming a habit - under the grime she could feel covering her face. 

Drawing up to the Jorge Chavez Airport, she had mixed feelings. She’d failed in getting the information she craved. Jaxon was cagey when she tried to get him to talk about Archer, which only served to wet her desire to know. And yet, during their forced intimacy, she’d caught him gazing at her with longing in his eyes. They’d moved closer, she’d been attracted to him, to his handsome enigmatic face and powerful body, the warmth of his voice, and it upset her. All the more so that she hadn’t a clue if he were telling her the truth about his marriage…
They were about to separate in the great hall, traveling back by different routes, when she noticed a woman making a bee line for them through the crowds.
“Jaxon ! What are you doing here ?” She was petite with a cute upturned nose and long blond hair worn in a pony tail.
“Enjoying a well-earned holiday !” he answered, seizing Gerri by the waist.
“Lucky woman !” She had turned to Gerri, “Don’t tell me it’s your honeymoon !”
“Not yet. It all depends on this lady !” he answered pulling Gerri closer. “But they’re calling our flight, we’ve got to move.”
“How fortunate ! I’ve got three more hours in this dump.”
“Plenty of time to enjoy a few glasses of pisco… Look me up whenever you come back to the States !” Jaxon was smiling amiably.
“Will do !” And with that she stood on tiptoes, pecked him on the cheek, waved to Gerri and was off.
“Who was that ?” Gerry was looking after her thoughtfully.
“Sandra. I hope you didn’t mind my introducing you as my girl-friend. Secrecy is capital. She hooked up with one of my assistants on a field trip two years ago. The affair only lasted a few weeks. Before that she had spent years roaming the world, living in communes, taking up diverse jobs. Obviously, she still does.”
“A modern-day hippy.”
“More or less. From what I gathered, she managed to free herself from the clutches of an abusive boyfriend. Her need to be her own master kickstarted her travels. I don’t like to say this, but she struck me as a bit of an airhead. However, I’ve got to make it to my gate before it closes. I’ve got the specimens, and will start work on them immediately.”
“And I’ll be back from California in three days’ time, showing off a lovely tan.”
They were facing each other, about to part. His stare was so intense, he seemed to be calling to her. As she lowered her eyes, there rose, from the depths of her being, an overpowering need for this man to look at her as a woman, with desire. Not as a colleague or a friend. The need was so strong it was painful. Lips parted, pupils enlarged, in a sort of a trance, she took a step towards Jaxon, drawn to him as if by a magnet, every cell in her body yearning for him. He took a deep breath and seized her hand, holding her at arm’s length, firmly maintaining the distance between them. To her surprise, his voice was level when he spoke, “I look forward to your return. Take care, Geraldine.” For a split second she had thought he would embrace her. She’d caught a spark in his eyes, but he had kept his distance, and turning around, was heading towards his gate. She was left utterly deflated and shook herself. What had come over her, wanting him to hold her tight ? Could this be the echo of childhood separation trauma ? Or was she just getting befuddled, starting to moon over a guy she’d been physically close to, who quite clearly wasn’t being truthful with her ?
She glanced at her watch. She still had plenty of time to try to find Sandra, see what information she could glean there. Why hadn’t she thought to ask Jaxon if Archer had been on the expedition Sandra had joined ?
She roamed through the great hall, checking out all the bars and restaurants, in vain. There were quite a few western women with their hair caught up in a pony tail. Most likely the influence of the damning heat, but no petite blond.
She was lucky to have no neighbor on the plane and stared out of the window, reviewing the last few days. All things considered, she’d not got any nearer learning the truth about Archer’s death. But she’d allowed Jaxon, whom she had every reason to be wary of, to get closer to her. She also realized that he had only mentioned his son as a baby. The boy must be a teenager now. Had he been living with someone else, apart from his father with before being institutionalized ? She finally drifted off, feeling like a complete failure.
Chapter 18 – Then – Timon

“That so called psychiatrist is a quack ! I refuse to take Timon to see him again !”
Eyes blazing, jaw clenched, Harleth was facing Jaxon, ready to tear him apart with her talons.
“Harleth, you know we have to. The school requires it.”
“The school ? What do they know ! Timon is perfectly normal.”
“There have been a number of complaints from other parents. He’s been caught bullying weaker children, making fun of those who are plain or overweight…”
“All children do that !”
“Throwing up repeatedly on the child sitting in front of him ?”
“That’s because he has a delicate stomach, as you well know.”
“I also know that he could repair to the toilet to vomit. And I haven’t noticed him vomiting at home.”
“That’s because you are never home. You’ve never made the effort to understand him !” Her voice was getting shriller by the second.
What he’d never really understood was her or her attitude towards her son, and it despaired him. She was totally besotted with the child, nothing was good enough for her angelic boy. And then, all of a sudden, she would push him away, never mentioning, but the child knew - it was obvious from the look in his eyes - the horror she had of his deformity.
Jaxon, the biologist, caught himself fleetingly wondering if a physical deformity betrayed a moral one. But then, Harleth was physically perfect…He didn’t like to dwell on such thoughts. Indeed, looking at Timon’s lovely face, it was hard to imagine that behind that sweet brow dark thoughts stirred, and it had taken quite some time for his teachers to catch on that he was the child who intimidated and bullied his classmates. Timon’s teacher noticed that some pupils were nervous in class, hesitating to answer questions, showing signs of anxiety when it came time for recess. One day, when a little girl tried to stay inside, pretexting that she was cold and her coat wasn’t thick enough, Mr. Stone climbed up to the second story where a window gave out on a blind spot in the schoolyard. And there he discovered Timon repeatedly lifting the poor girl’s skirt, while his pals egged him on, laughing and screaming, making fun of the child. Three other girls were standing a dozen feet away, their faces panic-stricken. When Mr. Stone confronted him, detaining him after class, the boy had first looked up, his face the very picture of wounded innocence, and if the man had not witnessed the bullying with his own eyes, his resolve would have faltered. First, in a soft melodious voice, the child maintained that he had no idea what his teacher was speaking about, that he’d been playing with his buddies nowhere near the girls. When Mr. Stone contradicted him, informing him that he would report the behavior to the child’s mother, he suddenly got a glimpse of what lay hidden behind those perfect features. The boy threw him such a malevolent look, the man took a step back. A second later, the child was smiling sweetly at him, saying, “By all means, do tell my mother, Mr. Stone, if you feel it’s the right thing to do.” After which, with a bow, he made for the door, glancing back at the speechless man, his face a mask of evil.
Early on, Timon had twigged to the guilt his mother felt about his deformity. Whenever she managed to summon the energy to scold him for breaking a vase, or leaving his toys on the floor for her to trip over, he would take the rebuke without a word, head down, but accentuate his limp as he walked away, sure to reduce her to tears. The following days, she would cover him with small attentions and presents to make it up to him.
Jaxon didn’t know how to handle the situation. He’d tried to help the child become more sociable some years before and failed. He had brought home a puppy thinking it would make an ideal companion for his son, as by then he realized that there would not be a second child. Sharing the responsibility for another creature was sure to help draw out the rather shy boy. It had not been a success. After a few weeks, the puppy became listless and Harleth complained that Timon couldn’t play with it because it let out a low growl when he approached it. She was afraid it would harm the child. Jaxon examined the creature and found nothing wrong with it. It nestled against him, reaching up to lick his chin. Coming home one day, the puppy had disappeared. When he asked about it, Harleth turned on him, eyes flashing, “I got rid of the beast, what do you think ? It bit Timon. I had to have it put down.” Jaxon just stared at her, aghast. How could that tiny creature have harmed Timon ? And why not wait to decide together what to do ? He liked animals and had become fond of the little dog ; the news pained him. Before he could protest, Harleth went on, “And I never want to see an animal in this house again. Animals are unclean, just think what the fascination exerted on me by the bull did to my son !” Upon hearing these words, Jaxon felt like banging his head against the wall. He’d tried time and again to explain to his wife that her wild dreams about the Minotaur while pregnant could in no way have caused their child’s hoofed foot. To no avail. After that, as Timon grew, every time Jaxon attempted to reason the boy or punish him when he misbehaved, Harleth intervened, taking the child’s side. He had hoped she would see the light when, after her refusal to take Timon to see a psychiatrist, the school told her he was not welcome any longer. They had to find another school. The new one had no shuttle service, the parents taking turns ferrying the kids to and fro. It didn’t take long for Harleth to have to do all the trips, as after a few weeks, Timon’s classmates preferred not to travel with him. Again, Jaxon felt they were fighting a losing battle. He wasn’t sure what to think when learning Timon had made himself unpopular again, but relieved Harleth wasn’t driving other people’s kids around, as she had begun to tipple earlier and earlier in the day.
As the years went by, Timon got into fewer scrapes. His father suspected that was because the boy had learnt to be more underhand. He could now boast a few friends, although he seldom invited them home. As to girls, they would have flocked to him, had he allowed it. His looks, the trendy clothes his mother was only too happy to select for him and the aura of mystery surrounding him did the trick. He even appealed to older girls, leading them on before subtly humiliating them. Teachers and parents would notice an earlier lively girl become downcast and withdrawn. Timon’s poison was in her veins and his art was such, the shame so profound that the poor creature never revealed the cause of her despondency. Adults mostly put it down to hormone imbalance, a typical teenager phenomenon.
In the home, Harleth had accidents more and more frequently. A box filled with books fell on her when she opened one of the hall closets, almost knocking her out. When she asked Jaxon about the box, filled mostly with volumes about plants, he denied having placed it there and looked at her quizzically. Had she forgotten she had stored those books there on one of her frequent cleansing sprees, when she wasn’t tippling, reclining on the sofa, absently staring at an afternoon TV show, humming along with the commercials ?
One afternoon, she’d just come home from driving Timon back from school and was in need of comfort. The headmaster had phoned, asking to see her. The interview hadn’t started well. One of the women serving in the canteen accused Timon of tampering with the water jugs after a number of students had to stay locked in the toilets right after lunch, racked by terrible cramps. Timon said that he had passed by the trolley with the jugs, just as many other students had done, to go wash his hands before eating. There was such a hurt look on his face, his gaze never wavering, that finally the headmaster backed off, letting the boy off the hook.
Timon hadn’t said a word during the drive home when Harleth suggested they not trouble his father with the incident, seeing nothing had come out of it. When she glanced back, she got a shock. The boy’s grin and salacious wink made him look years older.
Once back, she made a bee line for her bottle of gin, pouring out a good glassful before flopping down on the white leather sofa. But she shot up spitting, spilling the drink all over the Persian carpet a few seconds later. When she finished coughing, she picked up the bottle, smelled its contents and lifted it to the light coming from the large windows, frowning. A voice made her turn around. Timon was standing in the doorway, “If you don’t know alcohol’s a poison, I do…” and he limped off down the hall.
From that day on, she stashed her drink as best she could, and always tasted it before taking a swig. But the kid was crafty and she’d often have to empty the contents down the drain.
She persuaded herself that what he did was out of love. Her son worried about her health, all the more so as Jaxon turned a blind eye on her drinking after trying, unsuccessfully for years to get her into rehab. He wasn’t proud of himself, but had given up, faced with hysterics when he broached the topic.
But Jaxon did confront his son when he was aroused from his study a few days before Christmas by a great crash. Hurrying to the living room where for once, Timon was lending his mother a hand at trimming the giant fir tree she had insisted on buying, he found his wife on the floor next to the fallen ladder, under the tree. Timon just stood there, as if petrified, holding a length of Christmas lights. Harleth was moaning, eyes closed.
Jaxon called an ambulance and accompanied her to the hospital. She had a slight concussion and a broken ankle. When she was able to speak, he asked her what had happened, but she couldn’t explain how she could have fallen. She insisted she was sober, she’d been so eager to trim the tree that she’d skipped her after-lunch cocktail.
Jaxon, however, thought he might have an explanation, and it was deeply unsettling.
“How’s Harleth ?” the boy asked, as soon as Jaxon got in. He’d stopped calling her Mom when he was around five. She’d been shocked at first, but then had decided it was classy. It showed that her son was different from the other boys.
“Your mother is alright, but broke her ankle.” 
“Good ! She looked dead for a while there, on the floor…”
Repressing a shudder, Jaxon strode into the living room. The tree and the wooden stepladder were where he had left them.
“Let’s get this tree ready for your mother’s return ! She won’t be able to do anything with her cast on.” 
“Sure, it will make her happy.” Timon’s alacrity at resuming a task he had always considered boring didn’t surprise Jaxon. He’d learned the boy was as slippery as an eel when one tried to get a straight answer out of him and he sighed, thinking of the next half hour or so.
“Why did you let Harleth get on the ladder ? Her sense of balance is not good.” They were hoisting up the tree and Timon’s face was hidden behind the thick branches.
“She insisted. She said I wouldn’t place the string of lights properly.” When he came round from behind the tree there was a mulish expression on his face.
“She doesn’t trust me…”
“You know that’s not true,” Jaxon started, realizing that the boy was leading away from the questions he knew his father wanted to ask. “Now, I asked your mother about her fall. She said she drank nothing today. And I believe her. She was so happy you were going to trim the tree together.”
Timon didn’t say anything, he just stood there with a half-smile on his face.
“She hadn’t drunk, I know it. Her breath was clear.” Jaxon insisted.
There, the kid had again managed to derail him. “So, tell me what happened, why did the ladder topple over.”
The boy was now bending down to pick up the lights. “She sneezed.”
“You mean the sneeze caused her to fall ? What about the tree ? Your mother must have some lungs to be able to blow down a tree when sneezing !”
“Very funny. I think I’ll let you decorate this stupid tree alone.” Timon started to move towards the hall.
“Sorry, but we are going to do it together. Now, pick up that ladder and climb on it while I hand you the string of lights.” Jaxon’s firm tone made the boy glance at him.
“You were there,” Jaxon started again, once the lights and a good deal of baubles had been hung up, “Why did the tree topple over ?”
“She grabbed one of the branches when she lost her balance on the ladder… It was a stupid thing to do.”
The boy’s face had clouded over again. Jaxon wasn’t going to get anything else out of him and as Harleth couldn’t remember what had taken place, he decided to investigate.
“That was sheer reflex, Tim. Anyone would have done the same. Thanks for helping with the tree. You should give her call later and tell her we got it ready for her return.”
The boy hadn’t stayed in the living-room a second longer than need be. If Harleth had not been tipsy, there were only two solutions - either Tim had pushed the tree over, knocking down his mother or the ladder had been tampered with. Jaxon seized it and took it to the garage where it was stored. There, he examined the contraption carefully, checking bolts, before upturning it. And there it was… a round shallow cavity, about the diameter of a marble had been hollowed out in two of the legs. To an idle glance, it would have looked like a mere dent, but to Jaxon, it appeared like a clever, malicious way of rendering the stepladder unstable. Any move when on the top rung would be more than likely to send the thing crashing if a marble was inserted into the cavity. Jaxon had little doubt that was what his son had done. He let himself fall onto an old sofa stored there and caught his head in his hands. What to do ? What was the solution ? Had the boy wanted to play a prank on his mother, or had he intended to harm her ? And how to broach the topic with Harleth who dotted on the kid ? His life, their marriage was so different from what he had imagined. Alone in the garage, he felt drained of energy, unable to figure out what to do. Angry at himself and deeply ashamed of his impotence.

Chapter 19 – Now – Back home

Gerri had been in Jaxon’s thoughts for quite a while after he’d left her at Lima airport, shaken by the surge of emotion he had sensed coming from her. In the jungle, she’d shown her mettle. A companion one could depend on, which could well mean a formidable adversary. He still couldn’t figure out if she was kosher or not and what was behind her urge to ferret out details about Archer’s death. What made the situation trickier was the attraction he felt for her, which seemed to be mysteriously reciprocated. At first, she had reminded him of his wife, but this impression had dissolved. In spite of a certain physical resemblance, she was totally different. Under her sadness at her husband’s loss, there was a flow of energy, a vibration it was difficult to resist. He’d been attracted to Harleth by what seemed like innocence, and to be candid, the weakness he sensed in her. But he had been the innocent one, young and foolish, too full of himself to see through her façade. And Timon, his son, was the victim of his blindness. Could he ever forgive himself ? And was he again, like a moth to a flame, being drawn in by a woman ? And what about Harleth ? The police would probably swing round in a few weeks, to question him again. It didn’t trouble him, he’d got used to it. Just took up precious time and earned him quite a few suspicious stares.
After a reasonably tasty meal - chicken, of course - and a short nap, his mind went back to the work ahead of him at Neozymes. He would have to keep Gerri busy on minor tasks until he could find out what she was really after. Moles were common in sensitive research and a lot rode on this last project.
Upon his return, he was relieved to find that Shantyl was not overly nosey. She asked him a few questions about Iceland, particularly wanting to know if they really ate ram’s testicles - they did - and had he sampled them ? He hadn’t. And what about those hot baths ? Coming back from the jungle and its dangers, among which he counted Gerri, it was a relief to be talking about light matters with a lively young woman, whose large dark eyes sparkled above her light blue mask when she laughed .
Zyler came up to them as Jaxon was about to head for the lab where he’d deposited and locked up his samples the night before.
“I heard that conference was about obesity ? Hope you got some leads…” he said, patting his belly. “Last girlfriend told me I was getting lardy. Have been trying to give up on double cheeseburgers, in vain !”
Jaxon shook his head. “You’ll have to wait, I’m afraid. The factors leading to obesity are multiple and it’s slow going in spite of the extra resources that are being put into research these days, as obese people are more likely to be hit hard by the virus.”
“Let’s keep our fingers crossed, then ! To be able to eat to your heart’s content without putting on an ounce is everyone’s dream !” Zyler licked his lips suggestively.
“There will certainly be a lot of money involved if such a drug is produced…” Jaxon agreed, “but it’s early days yet, better cut down on the whoopers !”

In Lima, it was mostly the Asians who wore masks, but as she boarded the plane, Gerri was handed one and asked to wear it during the whole flight. Her neighbor, a short mustachioed, middled-aged man reeking of cigar smoke, did his best to start a conversation so, after a few minutes, Gerri had sighed, yawned and turning her head towards the port window, feigned sleep. But there was no way she could doze off. Her mind was abuzz. She was angry with herself. It should have been Archer she was trudging through the jungle with, discovering its dangers and secrets together, and not his boss. It felt wrong and yet, she had enjoyed their trek. The man was totally different from the scientist she’d met and worked with so far. When he let his guard down, he was warm and easy-going, but it didn’t take long for a shadow to come over him. 
From what she had put together, there was plenty in his life to drag a man down. How could he live peacefully without knowing what had happened to his wife ? Had she left him for a wealthier man, abandoning her son ? And where was this boy now ? Jaxon spoke little about him, but the kid must be around fifteen. Her mind drifted back to Archer, wondering if she would have been ready to become a mother, and how he would have greeted the arrival of a baby in his life. It probably would have meant trying to find jobs nearer home. Would he have resented the child ? But Archer was dead and speculation senseless. Her thoughts drifted back to Jaxon, trying to unravel his attitude towards her. She knew he liked her, but she also knew he was wary and she needed to discover why. As to her feelings… when she realized she was daydreaming of what it would be like to be in a relationship with the man, she called the flight assistant and ordered a small bottle of red wine. She wouldn’t let herself be sidetracked by Jaxon’s charm and her own loneliness. She would get the answers she craved. At any cost.

On the screen incrusted in the back of the seat before her, a nature video was playing. In the small turquoise pool, having fought to secure a spawning spot under the only rocky shelter the pool floor offered, the mother fish, a cichlid, had laid her eggs and was now watching over the tiny little ones as they hatched. Without her devotion, the fry would promptly die as they depended on her rooting around in the pool floor so they could feed on microorganisms found in the cloud of silt. And she dutifully stood guard, chasing away lurking predators. Gerri switched off the program. The sight of that mother fish, fiercely fighting for her progeny, in one of the small glittering bluish pools that, dazzling as the eyes of a peacock’s tail, dotted the bronze cloth of the Chihuahua desert, was depressing. Was she too going around in circles in her own little pool ? She closed her eyes in the hopes of falling asleep for real.

Lucia hated crowds, but had made the effort that afternoon to come meet Gerri at the airport.
“What a great California tan !” she joked, blowing Gerri a kiss. They walked in silence out to the parking lot but once in the car, Lucia went for the jugular, “What did you find out about Archer’s death ?”
Gerri snorted. What indeed ? “He fielded every darn question, cleverly I must say, revealing details about his own life.” But had it been calculated, or had he really wished to let her have a glimpse of his private hell ? She couldn’t help feel for him, for the situation he was in, providing it wasn’t just a web of lies, of course.
“How far would you say you trust him ?” Lucia’s tone shook her out of her musings.
“Something’s not right, that’s for sure. And he’s wary of me.”
“Did he tell you his son’s in an institution ?”
“No, what kind of institution ?”
“An institution glorified with the appellation of a “nursing home”. He was committed around his 13th birthday.”
“But that’s terrible !”
“Tough indeed. The father shows up every month or so. I had a peek into the system. Kid’s not doing well.”
“And the mother is still missing… The police come round the offices every now and then.”
“Seems like your guy has got a lot on his plate. But that’s not all. I’ve unearthed more about Surtribal -  it’s a very discreet organization. There’s no direct presence on the Net, but I found references to them here and there in the reports of ecological conscious non-governmental associations. They infiltrate big companies to find out if they are as virtuous as they claim to be.”
“You think Archer was a member ? How do the activists communicate if they don’t go online, do they use smoke signals ?”
“Burner phones, more likely…”
Gerri remembered the feel of the phone found behind the chest of drawers and felt her cheeks burn at the thought she hadn’t told Lucia about it. It would have been too much like betraying Archer as she still didn’t know what to think.
“There’s more…” Lucia was staring ahead, concentrating on the driving. Another few minutes, and Gerri would be back home.
“Your flat was tossed, or rather, discreetly visited.
“What ? Was anything taken ?” Gerri’s turned to her companion, mouth agape. What could this mean ?
“Don’t think so, but you’ll have to check, of course.”
“How do you know, how can you be sure ?”
“You know I sneak in when I need to find my bearings and have memorized your flat inside out. Your building is much better insulated than mine, and I crave silence.
“Lucia ! How did they get in ?”
“Your lock is a breeze to tamper with. You should ramp up your security, especially now that you are working on some hush-hush project. I’m surprised your employer didn’t broach the topic.”
Gerri’s tone was bitter, “Perhaps he didn’t think is necessary if he’s not considering keeping me employed for long… But what do you think they were looking for ?”
“At a guess, your real destination ?”

Gerri entered her flat slowly, looking around as if someone were crouching in a corner, just waiting to pounce on her. She took a deep breath, analyzing the air for foreign smells.
“Don’t block the entrance !” Lucia called out behind her. “The place is empty. Here look !” And she held her phone before Gerri’s face. 
“What am I looking at ?” Gerri asked, craning her neck to see what was on the screen.
“Video footage of this place ! I put in discreet cameras after the intrusion. All’s quiet on the
Western front…”
They had advanced through the hall to the living room. Lucia pointed at the coasters. “There were exactly six of them, in two piles on the table, and now there are eight. Someone emptied the small drawer under the table, pulling out the extra coasters and all the bits and ends you have shoved in there, and then placed the coasters back in two neat piles on the table top, but got the numbers wrong. Not too attentive to details, if you ask me…”
Gerri looked around and shivered, imagining someone in her home, fingering her belongings, riffling through her drawers. Her bewilderment didn’t last long, however, as rage boiled up. She turned to Lucia, jaw set, eyes flashing.
“Bet you would like to give the snooper a taste of that machete your told me about…” Lucia joked, “But come to the kitchen, there is a clue there even you wouldn’t miss.”
Lucia pointed to the small trash can beside the door that Gerri used to throw receipts and tissues. There, on a bed of soiled tissues, was a Hershey’s bar wrapper.
“That clinches it ! Unless you have recently started eating candy bars, which we both know you totally eschew, someone has been munching candy in your kitchen, making himself at home, while having a look around.”
“Has to be a dilettante, careless as hell !”
“You can say that again, or, perhaps it was done to intimidate you. Show you they are onto you.”
Gerri shook her head. When she spoke, her voice was low, “You were spot on with the machete. I’m going to keep one at hand.” And then her gaze fell on the micro wave. “They even had the nerve to set the time right !” she exclaimed, stamping her foot.
“No, that was me. I couldn’t stand to see it showing 4.15 or 7. when it was 2pm.”
“But I liked it that way… there was magic to it. Each time I glanced at it and it read some crazy time, I would think it was certainly just that time somewhere on earth… or in the universe.”
There had been a power failure quite soon after Archer’s death and she had never found the energy to set the time right on the oven once the electricity had come back on. He was the one who did it - had the patience to read the user’s manual.
Gerri sighed. Lucia, of course, hadn’t been able to resist the urge to set things right. And it wasn’t that important. What was important, was to get down to going through the whole place with a damp cloth and cleanser, to wipe out the alien presence as thoroughly as she could. She’d change the bedclothes and turn the mattress too, just in case someone had flopped down on it. She wasn’t expected back from her California trip for two more days, so there was plenty of time to clean, shop and rest. Imagining hands reaching into her underwear drawer and checking out her panties, anger surged in her again, although, truth be told, the snooper must have been in for a big disappointment if he expected to find lacey lingerie to drool over… She only wore no frills, sensible cotton undies. Nevertheless, she’d chuck the whole lot and get a new stack of them.  After that, it would be time to face the office again, the barrage of questions nosey Shantyl was bound to ask about her gran and California, and then Jaxon and her work in the lab. But in spite of the pandemic, the annual flea market was still on, she’d got back just in time, and Gerri was looking forward to touring it with Lucia, a relished outing that had become a tradition over the years.

Chapter 20 – Now – Back at work

Everyone was masked. The virus was hitting the city hard. She’d had to take a test before being allowed to come back to work. Shantyl was the first to greet her. Not surprisingly, the girl had made the most of the need to wear a mask. Her large dark eyes were beautifully made up and glowed above the red and pink flowery cloth that covered her nose and mouth. On her, the piece of material became a fashion accessory.
“Gerri ! How nice to have you back ! How’s your grandmother ?”
“Much better. She can get around on her own now. In fact, I believe she was happy to see the back of me. Doesn’t much like having someone hovering around…”
“She sounds like a very independent woman.”
“Yes, and an opinionated one too !” Gerri agreed, shaking her head.
“Well, I’m happy it went well, although you look a little peeked under that tan. Bet you didn’t get much sleep. We’ve been busy here too while you were away. Ever since his return from Iceland, Jax has spent the longest hours ever in the lab ! ”
Jax ? Since when did Shantyl refer to the boss as Jax ? Gerri frowned, “I’d better get back in the lab then. Are Joanna and Martha in ?”
“Joanna is, but Martha’s on leave. One of her children has a bad case of the virus. He’s in the hospital.”
“Oh, how terrible ! We really need a vaccine !” Gerri exclaimed, “It’s a pity our lab isn’t working on one.”
“We are doing our share ! Jax is onto a drug to fight against obesity which will do a lot to help, as overweight people are the most at risk.”
“Oh, so that’s what the Iceland conference was about ?” Gerri was the very picture of innocence.
“Yes, Jax thinks there’s a good chance this lab can make a breakthrough.” Shantyl’s head was cocked to the side, like a small bird’s as she glanced up at Gerri in a way that made Gerri feel terribly tall, but then the girl’s eyes suddenly gleamed as she caught sight of the boss coming towards them.
“Look who’s back !” she exclaimed, “And with a lovely California tan !”
Jaxon greeted her stiffly. Even without the recent recommendations, there would have been no hand shaking. Back in a civilized environment, he was his usual self.
“Geraldine, great to have you back and looking good ! The work load is tremendous and we need all hands on board !”  He then turned away, as if they were near strangers, and addressed the secretary, “Now, Shantyl, here’s a list of undergraduate students that have been recommended to me. Please contact those I’ve singled out and arrange for an interview late in the evening, this coming week if possible.”
Gerri had to repress the urge to clap, the girl gave such a show of being the perfect little aid, eager to carry out whatever mission the big boss entrusted to her. But wasn’t she laying it on a little too thick ? And how did Jax react to the girl’s show of devotion ? Gerri frowned as she geared up for work. Jaxon’s cold welcome riled her, although she well knew that back in Neozymes, he wasn’t going to throw his arms around her neck. Even in the Amazon, he’d been very restrained. Something was gnawing at her. Could she be jealous of Shantyl ? And who was the girl really ? Gerri had noticed her snooping around before her departure, turning up in the lab when she thought nobody was there, always with a good excuse, of course. She decided to keep an eye on the girl, and not look too closely at the reason.

A few days later in the nearly empty cafeteria - there was a very strict schedule for the lunch hour as one needed to remove one’s mask - she was tearing into a roast beef sandwich, venting the frustration she felt at the boring, repetitive kind of work Jaxon was giving her, when Zyler came over to her table. He was all smiles, seemingly having forgotten his anger at her rejection of his dinner date.
“Hi there, California girl !” he said, sitting down opposite her, “I’m glad our schedules coincide as I’ve got a lot of questions for you.”
Hope one of those questions is how to decipher signs that you are not wanted, jerk…went through her mind, but she swallowed her mouthful of sandwich and took a sip of Coke.
 “I’ll help you if I can, but please move your chair back - we aren’t wearing masks.”
“I thought you were immune, having caught the bug already,” he answered, pushing himself back about a yard, and pulling out a small note book.
“Nothing is known for sure about this virus. Moreover, I could very well be a carrier as could you.”
“A true scientist even during the lunch break !” he joked, “However, I’m not interested in science right now, but in California. I promised my favorite niece that one day we would fly over to the Golden State. Did you get around to going to Disneyland ? I’ve always wanted to visit the original Disney park.”
“Sorry, I went over to look after my gran. I mostly visited Walgreen’s and Walmart and I can assure you they are in no way different from the outlets here.”
What was the guy up to ? He clearly wasn’t flirting this time around. She didn’t much feel like finishing her sandwich with him sitting opposite, but ate it nevertheless as she needed energy to go out shopping once she finished her tasks in the lab.
“I couldn’t help noticing you have a surfer’s tan. How was the weather ? Nothing like here, I bet.” The cafeteria was too high up to see anything else than the sky through the floor-to-ceiling glass walls, and it was an ominous grey.
“It couldn’t be milder, but don’t let your niece’s hopes get too high. With the speed at which this virus is circulating, the state is bound to close fun parks - There are just too many people herded together.”
“Yeah, you are probably right. That’s why you guys’ work is so important, getting us out of this quandary.”
He offered to buy her a cup of coffee when she had finished eating and she didn’t have the energy to refuse. Realizing that Jaxon didn’t trust her had given her a blow, although she couldn’t really blame him. Didn’t she distrust him too, suspecting there was something fishy about Archer’s death ?
The small talk went on for quite some time as if Zyler was genuinly eager to hear about all her impressions of California. She had to admit he’d acted quite normal and friendly, but when she finally got up to go back to her lab, she was in a pensive mood. Was he checking on her, to find out if she had really been there - thanks to all the brochures she had studied, answering his questions had been a breeze - or had he been trying to keep her away from her work place ? As soon as she got back, she scanned her lab top. She’d purposely left a pen pointing towards the wall on a pile of forms she was filling in with test results. The pen had been displaced and was now pointing towards the room. To make sure she wasn’t hallucinating, she pulled out her phone and checked the picture she had taken before leaving, something she had started doing since her return, as she had the creepy feeling that objects were being slightly moved around. The picture didn’t lie…someone had come snooping, and it wasn’t John, the male colleague who had started working there and been granted a few days off to attend a symposium. Gerri went into the next-door lab where Joanna was finishing eating her boxed lunch. The woman slapped her mask back on as soon as she spotted Gerri. She had two kids at home, an elderly mother and was taking no chances.
“Not keen on socializing in the cafeteria, I see,” Gerri said, pointing to the Tupperware.
The woman agreed, “Can’t say I relish their food, and eating in a large empty room has little appeal.”
“I see what you mean. My sandwich was barely edible and the company no better. Zyler invited himself over to my table wanting to know all about California, as if I’d been running around enjoying the sights when my gran needed me !”
“The guy is a waste of space, always making some cheesy remark. Probably thinks he’s a ladykiller ! But I thought you’d come back from lunch a while ago, thought I heard you moving around.”
“No, just got back now. Has anybody come in ?”
“Not that I noticed.”
“Well, I’ll let you get along. Got plenty to do myself, this am. By the way, is Jaxon in ?”
“He’s up on the ninth floor in a meeting with the owners. Has been up there since just after I got in this morning.”
So, everyone was accounted for. That left Shantyl, which didn’t surprise Gerri. Contrary to Mrs. Pastow, who would ring the person she needed to speak to and ask them to come to her desk, Shantyl was forever popping into the labs, although Gerri had tried to explain to her that it was contrary to protocol. Intrusions increased the risk of contamination and were to be kept to a minimum.

The next few days were frustrating. She had nearly no contact with Jaxon who walked around, looking grim, as if a dark cloud were hovering over him. The work he allotted her was of little interest, and she needed to tell him about Shantyl’s snooping. When she confronted him one evening after the others had left, complaining that he had cut her out of the research on the plants they had harvested together, he maintained it was essential to keeping his real work secret. The lab thought they were striving to develop an anti-obesity drug - which was in part true - and he needed it to remain that way for a little longer. His eyes lit up however, when confiding in her that the plants they had collected were extremely promising and he had good reason to think a breakthrough was at hand. A little of the lively man she had known in the jungle shone through, but it was short-lived. Jaxon suddenly stopped speaking, biting his lip, as if regretting having spoken, letting himself be carried away by the remembrance of all they had gone through in the Amazon. He had taken a step back and when, looking at her intently, he mentioned a competing lab, Gentech, wondering if she knew what line of research they were pursuing, she was taken totally unawares.
“How would I know !” she exclaimed, surprised. “I don’t have the time to keep up with what other companies are working on. Isn’t that your domain ?” She studied him, frowning. His eyes were hard. Suddenly it struck her, “You think I know someone in Gentech, is that it ?”
“How about its president ?” The answer came immediately.
“Who’s the president ?” She couldn’t see what he was getting at.
“Does the name John Wilcox ring a bell ?”
“Wilcox ? You mean Johnny Wilcox ?” She hadn’t thought about the bloke for years !
“Just so, John or Johnny, as you care to call him.”
“Well, what about him ? “
“He owns Gentech.”
“What ? That can’t be true !” She looked at Jaxon, wide-eyed as he scanned her face, or rather her eyes above the mask. Could Jaxon have been giving her the cold shoulder because he was jealous of her past ? It didn’t make sense ! 
“Let’s have a look at the Gentech site. There must be a picture of the headman.” His voice was cold, making her feel guilty, in spite of herself.
As they leaned towards the screen, she caught a whiff of Jaxon’s aftershave and her heart missed a beat. It carried her back to the rainforest, to its wild beauty and hardships.
“There’s Wilcox,” Jaxon said as the picture of a man appeared. He was nearly bald, with freckled clean-shaven chipmunk cheeks above a weak chin. A totally uninteresting face, were it not for the eyes. The intensity of his blue stare was mesmerizing. Behind that innocuous façade of a face, there was a keen mind.
It took Gerri a few seconds to recognize the man. John had been one of the guys in her first year study group and they had had a thing going for a while, nothing serious. She had appreciated his intelligence much more than his attentions. Where others plodded, he surged ahead, but was always willing to help those who floundered, and not only the sexy students.
“I can’t believe that’s Johnny !” she exclaimed, “He sure is a reminder that one should never grow old ! Why, he used to have long wavy red hair and a tremendous beard, Viking style !”
Jaxon was silent. When she looked round his gaze was on her. She couldn’t read his expression.
“What is it ? What are you thinking ?”
He cleared his throat as he switched off the computer. “One can’t be too careful in this business. Maybe I’m becoming paranoid. But here, I believe this belongs to you.” He was holding out his hand. On the palm one of her favorite earrings shone brightly. She had worn them in Lima.
“Where did you find that !” she exclaimed.
“Among my stuff, on my lab bench.”
“And you think I’ve been in your lab on the sly ? If I had, would I be careless enough to leave a piece of jewelry behind ? Somebody must have planted it there !”
“Now you are the one being paranoid…” There was a sadness in his eyes that hurt her, but she was angry too.
“You certainly are the one being over-suspicious ! But dig to your heart’s content, look into all my past relationships, and once you are sure I’m not a mole or a spy, then give me some worthwhile work ! And by the way, while we are on this topic, you’ll certainly be interested to know that Shantyl has been going through documents in my lab.”
“Shantyl ?” Jaxon studied her closely. “You think Shantyl, the secretary, could be working for our competitors ? That’s nonsense !”
“Really ? Then you had better wise up, a beautiful face is often a fool’s downfall, as you should already know…” And with that, she stormed out of the lab, regretting the last barb as soon as it had escaped her lips, but what had got into the man to bring about this wave of distrust ? He already knew she was intent on getting to the bottom of Archer’s death, so it couldn’t be that. Some new element must have cropped up. There was only one explanation as to how her relationship to Wilcox had come to light - the contents of her old photo albums in her flat. Her childhood had been a jumble. Once her mother had finally come to take her back from Las Vegas, they had moved around quite a lot. The woman often got sacked for being late for work or because of client complaints when she served tables, and they never stayed long in the same town. It was a miracle Gerri had managed to get enough schooling to be able to get a low-income grant and go to college - thank you Mr. Thomas Jefferson… So, when living on her own, she’d tried to create some kind of order in her life, filling photo albums with snaps she and her comrades took, carefully noting the date and even the names of her buddies. It made her feel secure to know she now had landmarks punctuating her course, and was more like her fellows who mostly came from safe, stable families. Well, she was determined to find out what had caused Jaxon to suspect her of being a mole. For the life of her, she couldn’t imagine him furtively entering her flat and snooping around, but there were other people she could very well see doing it. There was only one way to know for sure. She needed to ask Lucia to hack Jaxon’s computer…
Chapter 21 – Now – Timon

His last visit to Timon had rattled him, eroding the surge of joy he had felt when bringing back his precious hoard of plants. The institution had contacted him because the boy or rather youth had entered a phase of catatonic depression. Once at his son’s side, he’d felt powerless. Nothing he said reached the boy who lay there, motionless, eyes fixed on the ceiling, reminding him of the recumbent marble statues in cemeteries. And then, all of a sudden, Timon had turned his head and his gaze had given Jaxon a blow, making him jerk his chair back, for there was both malice and despair in those eyes. As Jaxon opened his mouth to address his son, Timon began to scream, thrashing around on his bed, revealing the restraints that had been hidden under the sheet now fallen to the floor. The nurse rushed in with an attendant who pinned the boy down while she gave him a shot. When Jaxon left, Timon was asleep but not peaceful. He moaned softly and his hands were restless, moving as if to seize something. The meeting with the main physician had brought little comfort. There was no way to know what would come out of this latest phase, but an improvement in the boy’s condition seemed highly unlikely. Jaxon’s heart was heavy as he left the institution. And his son’s fate was not the only issue eating away at him. He’d just received another routine call from the inspector investigating his wife’s disappearance, calls which always not only made him feel guilty but also look guilty. He’d informed the police about his wife’s shady past. There was plenty to delve into there. What shocked everyone most, however, was not the likelihood of marital woes, but how a mother could have abandoned her child. And then there was Gerri. For the first time in years, he’d felt alive again around her, even hopeful. While on their expedition through the jungle, a kinship had arisen from the similarity of their situations - she a widow and he a wifeless man. But the bitter truth was that he had nothing to offer her and was a fool to even think of the woman as a partner. It appeared to him clearly that she was not one for compromise, was a woman who would be satisfied only with the whole truth. And then, to make things worse, on returning from Peru, his take on her had shifted, the poison of doubt creeping up on him. Who was she really, why had she applied to work for Neozymes ? Could she be a mole working for the competition ? She’d warned him about the power of beauty to cloud reason, without realizing how strikingly beautiful she had been when confronting him, grey eyes ablaze, delicate nostrils flaring, full lips curled as she delivered her blow. He’d been a victim to the entrapment of beauty, mesmerized by Harleth’s grace and indeed feared he was fool enough to fall again, but in spite of what Gerri thought, it certainly wasn’t for the charms of the office secretary, Shantyl.
He needed to clear his mind to be able to concentrate on his research. He’d already come up with a formula, but wanted to carry out a few more tests to make sure he’d got it right. Grabbing his gym bag, he left. Ten minutes only after his arrival at the ludus, he was sweating profusely, feeling less tense. He decided to double his usual number of lunges and squats, along with pushups and shoulder taps before facing an adversary on the arena staked out in the gym hall. If life could only be as simple and straightforward as combat in the ring ! You knew who your adversary was and it was either victory or defeat. Everything clear-cut, no shady business. Later, after showering, he caught a glimpse of the tattoo on his back in one of the mirrored walls and was suddenly carried back to the Amazon, and Gerri’s wonder and dismay at discovering the long blade adorning his back. Could Gerri not be what she appeared to be ? A trustful, warm-hearted woman ?
Chapter 22 – Now – The plan

“Gerri, We’ve got to get together ! You won’t believe what I’ve found !” Lucia sounded uncharacteristically animated. “But there’s no file on his research, though…” 
“You got into his computer ?”  
“Do you mean to insult me ? Of course, and it’s juicy. Let’s meet after work.”
“I’ve got two good helpings of curry chicken left over from Sunday, but you’ll have to come and pick me up as my car is in the garage.”
“Again ! I told you not to buy that second hand piece of junk, but no problem, see you later !”
Gerri found it hard to concentrate that afternoon, wondering just what Lucia had managed to uncover. She wasn’t surprised there was no trace of her boss’s research on finding a molecule liable to prevent the immune system from overreacting when the body was attacked by the virus. Jaxon did not place much trust in firewalls. Cybercriminals always found a way to circumvent them. When she saw Jaxon leave his lab, gym bag in hand, probably heading to some gladiator’s ludus, if she remembered the word correctly, she seized the opportunity. She scanned the room. His work station was pristine, all his instruments and glass containers neatly lined up, which came as no surprise. Remembering he had told her he was about to reach his goal, a goal they should have been pursuing together in her opinion, she wondered where the man could have concealed the notes on his findings. Perhaps he kept them on him ? And, if he had indeed completed his research, the result would be in the form of a chemical formula. Perhaps consigned to memory, but memory can be fickle. Better to have backup. Dismayed, she returned to the job at hand, which was repetitive and boring. She hoped that seeing Lucia would cheer her up.

Lucia got to Neozymes early and, after leaving her car in the underground parking, having her temperature taken before passing through the special gate, she exchanged a few words with Shantyl, who invited her to make herself comfortable in one of the reception armchairs.
Pulling out a sheath of papers from her bag, she got busy on a set of mathematical puzzles, insulating herself from her surroundings. Zyler had been standing, peering over her shoulder for a few minutes before she sensed a presence and turned round, looking up. Her eyes widened when she saw him, but he didn’t notice, so enthralled was he at the sight of her.
“You’re Lucia Bach ! I recognize you !”
Lucia shunned publicity and normally didn’t socialize with would-be fans. But here she smiled behind her mask and nodded.
“You’re a human calculator ! I saw you on that program they did on gifted people.”
“But that was some years ago.” When circumstances required it, she could vanquish her reluctance to interact with strangers.
“Don’t be modest, at 16 you were an entry in the Guinness Book of Records !”
“Are you also a calculator ? Not many people recognize me.” It was time to deflect his interest in her.
Zyler’s expression saddened. “I thought I was one. As a child I could calculate with lightning speed, it spooked my parents no end. But then, around twelve, I came down with what my doctor diagnosed as flu. In fact, it was encephalitis. I went through hell. When I recovered, my gift was gone.”
Lucia was moved. Anything that could tamper with or rewire the brain made her feel panicky.
“I’m so sorry. It must have been terrible for you,” was all she managed to say.
Zyler sighed as he shook his head. “It was like losing my very soul. But enough about the past. It would give me much pleasure to invite you out for diner, if that doesn’t sound too forward. You’ve always been one of my idols.”
They were exchanging phone numbers when Gerri came up to them, a surprised look on her face.
“Thanks for keeping me company Zyler,” Lucia said, as she got up, stuffing her papers back into her bag, “Gerri’s here now, so it’s time to go !”

“I couldn’t believe my eyes when I saw you chatting, and with that jerk. Could have knocked me over with a feather !” Gerri exclaimed as they rode down to the garage.
“Ha, don’t be too hasty to judge, Gerri, there’s often more to any situation than meets the eye…”
Gerri was sure that behind her mask Lucia was smiling smugly, and she was about to tell her off when suddenly, as they exited the lift, Lucia stopped short in her tracks.
“What’s wrong ? You forgot to say something important to Zyler ?”
“Whose car is that ?” Lucia was pointing at a silver Ford.
“That’s Shantyl’s. Why ?” Gerri frowned as she heard Lucia catch her breath.
“Haven’t you ever noticed her plate number ?”
“No, what for ?”
“It’s the beginning of the Fibonacci sequence ! I’d love to have that plate !”
“You certainly are weird at times, getting excited over a plate number, of all things !” Gerri remarked as she gave her friend’s arm a squeeze.
“As I said, there’s more than meets the eye…” 
“Well, I hope you’ll be kind enough to enlighten me before I trip over myself in the dark…”

Once they got to Gerri’s flat and she’d shoved the curry into the oven to warm it up, and served some chilled wine, Lucia opened up her laptop on the kitchen table.
“Now, just look at this…Your dear boss has been receiving a series of emails, source unknown, of course, linking you to Gentech, advising him to check out your credentials, and so on.
“How could he put faith in such trash ?”
“You mustn’t forget you haven’t been totally honest with him. You took on the job to get close and find out what really happened to Archer. The man’s no fool. Perhaps he’s being distrustful to flush you out of the woods.”
“You’ve certainly got a crooked mind, Lucia.” Gerri was thoughtful as she got up to take the dish out of the oven. After all, could Jaxon be playing her ? Had the connection she’d felt been all in her mind ?
“Who’s sending these messages ?” She was sprinkling coconut chips on the curry but in spite of the delicious smell that wafted up, she wasn’t hungry any longer. Shaking the flakes out of the bag masked the slight trembling of her hand. “Who’s out to get me ?” Having an enemy she wasn’t aware of was unsettling, to say the least.
“First we eat, then we plan. I’ve got all the information we need.” Lucia’s tone was firm, her smile placid. “Trust me.”
Lucia had been right, of course. A full stomach helped consider things calmly. And once Lucia started, there was plenty to consider.
“Now, you were worried I was flirting with the office Lothario, afraid I might be swept off my feet by his charm. Take a look at this selfie.”
Gerri took the picture Lucia had printed out. They had snapped a number of selfies when mooning around the alleys of the flea market, some with and some without their masks.
“Well, what about it ? My nose looks squashed and you are looking down at the screen, like a cross-eyed waif.”
“Look closer…”
Frowning, Gerri examined the picture. The background was made up mostly of people’s backs as they studied the stalls on the opposite side of the alley, but then she spotted him.
Turned towards them, in fact looking at them, was Zyler. His mask was on but he was easily recognizable, being too vain to try to conceal his signature blond lock falling over one eye.
“More than meets the eye, indeed,” Gerri said slowly, handing the picture back to Lucia. “So, he was spying on us ?”
“On you, rather. That much is obvious as he didn’t seem to remember seeing me when we met in Neozymes. But there’s more. And you’re not going to like this…”
Suddenly, Gerri’s hands began to sweat and she doubted it was the curry. Being followed and watched gave her the creeps.
“Don’t play hard to get, Luce, what have you got ?”
“As you know, the building I work in, a very discreet one, is smack next to ImuXbio one of the other giant drug companies.”
“And… ?”
“And I have already noticed the Fibonacci sequence plate, going down into their underground parking.”
“You mean Shantyl has been planted in Jaxon’s department by the competition ?”
“Absolutely, and I’m ready to bet she’s the source of the emails concerning you. And behind the visit to your flat too.”
Gerri was thoughtful. “Ok, I get it, ImuXbio knows that Jaxon is working on something crucial and Shantyl and Zyler are there to get their hands on his findings. But why target me ?”
“Just think. If Jaxon’s research results get stolen, the finger will be pointed at you. And while you are trying to extricate yourself from this mess, the real culprits will have time to turn around and gracefully disappear under some pretext.”
By now, the curry was giving Gerri heartburn, but her mind was working.
“We’ve got to protect Jaxon’s research ! Lucia, you said there was no file on his work in his computer.”
Lucia nodded. “Nothing noteworthy which is surprising and not so surprising…”
“What do you mean ?” The woman was speaking in riddles !
“Your boss is a control freak and an intelligent man, well aware that any computer can be hacked.”
“So ?”
“So, I’m not surprised that I couldn’t find anything of interest, apart from a few exchanges with old pals in university labs mentioning that his research is about to be completed.”
“But where are his notes, then ?” Gerri had got up and was pacing the room, a hand on her stomach.
“Go make some herbal tea if you’re not feeling well, because I’ll need you to think, and think hard.”
When Gerri came back with two steaming mugs, she sat down again next to Lucia and took a few deep breaths.
“What am I supposed rack my brains about ?”
“Go back in time. Try to remember what Archer told you about Jaxon  ; did he ever mention the man having particularities ?”
“Other than his being worried about germs and adverse to contact, when not out in the field ? He did mention his distrust of modern means of communication. He got the impression some research of his had been stolen when he was much younger, and a colleague had used it to take the lead in the lab.”
“Yes, as the old saying goes, ‘Once bitten, twice shy…’ He’s certainly wary of computers. But we need to come up with something that could help reveal how his mind works when it comes to concealing something.”
“I know he trains as a gladiator in his free time, got hooked as a kid. And I remember Archer saying Jaxon was an avid reader. He always took a kindle along when they went on an expedition, if it lasted more than a few says. I believe he is a great fan of 19th century literature. That could be why there’s a huge picture of a crow in his office.”
“A gladiator ? That’s interesting. But when you say a crow, you mean a raven, don’t you ?”
“I guess you are right. The word Nevermore written on the canvas made me think of Poe, I’m not sure why.”
“Of course, Poe’s poem, The Raven. A poem about a man who is heartbroken by the loss of his beloved wife.”
“The woman who abandoned their child and who has not been heard of for years.”
“Don’t get soppy ! We need to think, and think clearly. If your boss is a Poe fan this could give us an insight into how he might go about concealing valuable information.”
“Leaving it in full sight, like in the Purloined Letter ?” Gerri was crawling out from under the black cloud that had been hovering over her.
“Precisely, you could be onto something !” Lucia was looking at her with pride.
“But I had a look through his lab this afternoon, before you came, and drew a blank.”
“Not surprising. That’s the first place anyone would look. What about his office ?”
“Haven’t been in there for some time.”
“Describe it to me again !”
“A bookcase, books neatly stacked, the picture of the raven above it, his desk.”
“What’s on his desk ?”
“A metal paperweight in the shape of a pyramid.” Gerri pinched the bridge of her nose, eyes closed, “To his left a pile of files, before him an oblong cut crystal dish containing two pens. I remember the glass dish because it was beautiful and also because Mrs. Pastow had one exactly the same. I noticed it and remarked on it when helping her to clean out her flat. She’d inherited the pair of them from some great uncle and had given one to Jaxon when he had complained about his old pen holder.”
“That’s all ?”
“All I can remember - the room felt bare.”
“And would you happen to know what became of Mrs. Pastow’s second crystal dish ?” There was a glint in Lucia’s eye as she turned to Gerri.
“She gave it to me. It’s on the chest of drawers in the spare room. Right now, it’s a storage tray.”
“Now, that’s a stroke of luck ! Gerri, you get into that office and check out the crystal dish. Anything etched onto its underside would be perfectly invisible. The object itself would in fact be invisible as it offers itself too plainly to the visitor’s eye.”
“You think that he will have concealed the formula there ?”
“That’s what I would do, if I were a Poe fan - which, by the way, I am.”
“But why did you ask about Mrs. Pastow’s second dish ?” Gerry was beginning to feel dumb.
“Because if what I think is true, we can really have some fun !”
Gerri was staring at her friend as if she had lost it. “How so ?”
“Obvious ! Let’s say you discover the formula or whatnot etched into the crystal. You then substitute your dish for his, having previously etched something close enough to fool a non-initiate like the sweet Shantyl.”
“You think she would filch it ? But why would she home in on the thing in the first place ? And if she knew where the information was, why not just take a picture of what’s underneath ?”
“Elementary, my dear friend. She’ll overhear you telling me about it on the phone and they’ll need a culprit. That’s where you come in again. Moreover, taking a picture of a text or formula finely engraved on crystal would prove extremely difficult. ”
“You mentioned having fun. Being accused of industrial espionage is not my idea of fun…”
“But you will be able to clear your name ! When Jaxon discovers his precious crystal dish has disappeared he’ll be all over you, and before he bites your head off, you whisk out his very own dish and let him know that whoever snatched his, has bogus goods.”
Gerri was silent, mulling over the plan. She’d got up and was pacing the room. She didn’t much care for the shock and anguish it was bound to cause Jaxon, but it should work and the moles be uncovered. Her belly still didn’t feel right and it was with her hands on her stomach that she stopped before Lucia with a resolute expression on her face and said, “Let’s do it. There’s no time to waste, we need to catch the thieves before they manage to get their hands on his work.”
There were a few more details to discuss and after nipping over to Lucia’s office for some equipment, Gerri finally got to bed with a pot of herbal tea and a hot water bottle.

Chapter 23 – Now – The bait

Luck was on Gerri and Lucia’s side. The next morning, only one hour after his arrival, Jaxon rushed out of his lab, barely taking the time to instruct Shantyl to put all his meetings on hold as he wasn’t sure when he would be back.
Gerri had gone over to him earlier, to check a procedure she wasn’t sure about. When turning round to go back to fetch the pen she had forgotten on his lab table, she had caught him staring after her with the strangest of expressions. A combination of sadness and longing which made her falter in her resolve to carry out Lucia’s plan. The idea that he would think she had betrayed him was difficult to bear. But hope lay in action. Things will get a lot worse before they get better…She had to trust there was truth in the old saying so, when Jaxon left the building, she seized her chance. Darting into his office without anyone seeing her she picked up the crystal dish, slipping it into the deep pockets of her lab coat. Back in her lab, where her colleague hadn’t yet arrived, with moist hands and a beating heart she turned the thing over. Nothing was apparent at first, but drawing her index nail over the surface, she felt a slight irregularity. Grabbing a magnifying glass, she examined the spot. There was indeed a complex chemical formula etched into the base of one of the long sides of the dish, making it perfectly invisible from above. There was not a minute to lose. Fetching her own crystal dish she quickly engraved it, modifying the formula so that it had nothing to do with Jaxon’s work.
The new dish was now safely back on Jaxon’s desk and its twin concealed behind one of the hollow insulating plates that were screwed on the wall in the corner where the lab oven sat. She would retrieve it, sneak it out when she left and hand it over to Lucia.
The next step required a spot of acting. Gerri headed to the cafeteria. She was in need of a strong cup of coffee to settle her nerves, having just escaped being found screwing back in one of the insulating plates by her colleague who had come in breathlessly, looking anxious because he was late, and wondering if the boss was already in.
While she was considering how to word her fake phone call to Lucia, Zyler came up. She was grateful the mask hid his cheesy smile when she welcomed him, more warmly than she usually did. 
“What’s with the big boss ? I heard he scooted out early this morning.” The guy was fishing for gossip, as usual.
“He did indeed, but I can’t say I know why. Perhaps something to do with his research. He’s been very secretive lately, ever since he got back from Iceland.”
“True, haven’t seen him much around, but he’s never been one for socializing. What’s he really working on that’s so important, do you know ?”
Gerri sighed and looked around the room before answering with a half-smile, “I might…”
“Really ? Zyler was saucer-eyed. The mask, thankfully, hid his drooling chops.
“Can’t say I enjoy being kept in the dark when something important is going on…”
“Boss doesn’t fully appreciate your work ? ” By now, he’d taken a step closer.
“Hard to say, he’s not very forthcoming. It’s like he mistrusts me, and I find that insulting.” Her tone was bitter. Zyler put his paw on her hand and gave it a squeeze. “That’s awful. you don’t deserve that !” She retrieved her hand, using it to readjust her mask. Then she sat back in her chair and looked straight at Zyler, eyes half closed, “Nobody is as smart as they think they are. And I’m not ready to let anyone, however brilliant, reduce me to the position of a cypher.”
“So you do know what he’s being so secretive about ?” Zyler’s eagerness betrayed him, but she appeared not to register.
“Indeed, I do.” Her voice was harsh, and she was breathing fast, nostrils flaring. Then, with a frown and a shake of her head, she seemed to come to her senses. “But I’m not what he thinks, some mole working for the competition. I shouldn’t even be speaking to you about it.”
“A little talk does no harm and you needed to let some steam off,” Zyler said pleasantly as she got up, less he take her hand again.
“I’m sorry you had to listen to that, but I do feel better now.” She tried to be as gracious as she could, while looking deeply embarrassed.
“Don’t worry. Your secrets are safe with me !” And pinching his thumb and forefinger together, he moved them across his lips from one side of his invisible mouth to the other, before bowing.
Gerri waved to him as she turned around, refraining the desire to punch him in the face. The guy certainly was a waste of space, but would serve her purpose well. And now for the last part of the charade.
Phone out, in the midst of a conversation, she walked past Shantyl’s desk, nodding at the woman as she lowered her voice and she made for her lab.
“I’m telling you I know !”
silence
“Can I remind you that No man is a hero to his valet…”
silence
“It’s quite astute, but I’ve found the place he hid it. Now I have to decide what to do…”
These were the last words audible to anyone listening as Gerri had shut the sliding doors to her lab. What remained now was to wait and see how the adverse side played their hand.
Lucia phoned at noon, while Gerri was eating a sandwich in the lab. She was happy to know the trap had been set and instructed Gerri to ring her as soon as Shantyl or Zyler made a move. Gerri hoped it was before Jaxon came back because if he checked on his crystal dish, all hell would break loose and the plan would go down the drain. She hadn’t had time to speculate about what could have made him leave so precipitously. Had the police found his wife ? If so, was she alive, dead ? He was professionally highly successful but certainly hadn’t drawn the right cards in his personal life, and in spite of his recent coldness towards her, she couldn’t help feeling for him. But then, she bit her lip. Here she was agonizing over Jaxon when he could well be the man responsible for her husband’s death, and a wife murderer to boot !
Chapter 24 – Now – Risking it

The phone rang as Gerri was standing in the kitchen before her open fridge, pondering what to rustle up for supper with the uninspiring contents that lay before her. Eggs two days past their limit, a hunk of cheese with a few spots of mold, a jar of pickled beetroots. There had been only one letter in her mail box that wasn’t a bill, and the contents had totally depressed her. A former colleague and friend, who had moved to California and got married the same year as Gerri, had sent her a picture of herself and her husband holding a bouncy baby, with the words : “So happy ! How about you ?” It cut deep, although Gerri knew that the girl, Gina, meant no harm. Gerri hadn’t advertised Archer’s death, it had been so sudden the shock and pain crushing her. Imagining Archer there, with her in the kitchen as he had too seldom been, both laughing at some crazy story he was telling, she was miles away from Neozymes and its entanglements. Her voice was almost a whisper when she picked the phone up and answered.
“Hello, am I speaking to Geraldine ?”
“Who is this ?” Gerri didn’t recognize the man’s voice. She had been expecting Zyler or Shantyl to reach out.
“You don’t know me, but I knew your husband. He was a member of Surtribal…”
It took a few seconds for the information to register.
“Where did you get that from ?” The person at the end of the line better not be bullshitting her !
“I worked with him…”
“Where, when ?”
“A number of times..”
“Why are you calling ?” Gerri’s tried to keep her voice level. She knew better than to show too much eagerness when contacted out of the blue by a so-called colleague of her husband’s.
“Because I was there, on his last assignment.”
“You know what happened ?” The words had tumbled out of their own accord.
“I think we had better meet.”
“But he’s been dead for over six months. Why are you calling me now ? And what do you want ?”
“I only recently managed to piece things together. And I want justice, just as I should think you do.”
“Where do you want to meet ?” Gerri decided to take a chance. She had no qualms about seeing someone in a public place.
“How about Java Break down on Market Street in half an hour ?”
She knew the café. It was dimly lit and always full. A good place to be one of the crowd, she guessed. “How will I recognize you ?
“I’m wearing a Grateful Dead t-shirt.”
“Archer had one of those…”
The man cleared his throat before speaking, “I know, we used to joke about it.”

There was no time to lose. Gerri wanted to get to the café on time. If the guy decided not to wait, she had no way of contacting him. She should have asked him his name ! And she needed to inform Lucia of what was happening. Lucia, who right now wasn’t answering. In the elevator, she messaged her friend, telling her where she was going - always a sound precaution - and why. Her phone was on so, if Shantyl or Zyler called, she would deal with it.

The gods had to be with her as she found a parking space almost immediately. It was early evening and people weren’t yet flowing back into the city, to the bars and restaurants that, in spite of the virus circulating at lightning speed, hadn’t yet been closed down. The specter of contamination, however, was keeping a number of patrons away.
The coffee shop had a fair share of customers and she had to walk all the way to the back of the long narrow bistro to find her caller. He was sitting back to the door but she spotted the t-shirt immediately, five brightly colored teddy bears dancing on a black background.
When she stood next to the man, he raised his head and showed her to the seat opposite. 
The guy was older than Archer, with longish grey hair parted in the middle. She couldn’t see his eyes as he wore shades and half of his face was covered with a shaggy beard under a black mask. Gerri didn’t feel comfortable sitting opposite him. He was totally anonymous. She wasn’t sure she would recognize him if she came across him without his mask and shades.
“I’m happy you came, Gerri. If you don’t mind me calling Gerri ?”
“No, no, please do. And you are ?”
“Call me Gopher. We are careful with names in Surtribal. We are up against big business interests.”
“You mean working for Surtribal is dangerous ?” Gerri had started breathing faster. What had Archer got himself into ?
“I guess you could say that. Some big companies engage ex-military to protect their shady proceedings…But let me get you something to drink. What would you like ?”
Gerri decided on a cappuccino as she was hungry - the milk would be nourishing and the dash of coffee not enough to trouble her sleep, which wasn’t of prime quality anyway. While Gopher was ordering, she checked her phone. There was a message from Lucia, “Wait for me !” Well, if Lucia popped in, she didn’t think it would prevent Gopher from communicating whatever information he claimed to have.
The cappuccino was delicious, not too hot. Gerri wiped the foam off her upper lip before challenging the man opposite her, who had now peeled off his mask too, letting it hang from one ear, to sip his coffee. His mouth, small and pinkish, was surrounded by untrimmed black fur, quite ugly in fact.
“So, Gopher, what can you tell me about my husband’s death ?”
“As you are aware, the official report stated that your husband, Archer, died of a heat stroke.”
“And that’s not true ?” Darn, her stomach rumbled loudly. Pain and anxiety don’t always quell hunger. She gulped down what was left of her cappuccino, shamefully trying with her spoon to scrape as much of the foam off the sides of the paper cup as she could.
Gopher gave her a thumbs up. “You sure appreciated that coffee ! How about another one ?” He didn’t wait and rose to amble over to the counter. She again looked at her phone, blinking a couple of times - the screen looked like a film had spread over it. Gopher placed a new cappuccino before her, but she was so intent on trying to polish her screen with her shirt tail that she knocked the tall cup over. Quite a lot of the hot liquid landed on her lap as she tried to move away, letting out a small cry.
“Gosh, we have to do something about that !” Gopher exclaimed. “Here, let me help you get to the ladies’ room where you can clean up !”
When she rose from her bench, her head began to spin, her legs folded and she stumbled right into the man’s outstretched arms.
Chapter 25 – Now – Pain

She was looking up into Jaxon’s face, His eyes were narrowed, his mouth grim. “What have you done ? Where is it ?” She blinked and managed to turn away. Where was Archer ? She caught a glimpse of him disappearing down a bleak corridor and tried to call after him, but couldn’t manage to get a sound out. Her shoulder was beginning to feel numb against the hard floor she was on, but she desperately didn’t want to turn around and face Jaxon’s anger. When she opened her eyes again, she was staring at a grey surface. It took her a few minutes before she could find the energy to raise her arm to feel its texture. It was hard, grainy, and in some places damp and crumbly, leaving a bit of smelly white paste on her fingers. She squirmed away to get a better look. It was a mold-infested cinderblock wall. She managed to rise to a sitting position, her head swimming, and took in her surroundings. The only noise came from the naked bulb hanging from the ceiling, light fading each time its buzz increased. What was she doing in a windowless basement with her ankles zip tied together ? Fortunately, she could move her arms and touched her face and body, checking for wounds or cuts. Everything seemed to be fine and she was in no pain. She still had her clothes and shoes on. She felt that was good, but didn’t know why. How had she landed here ? Was Lucia here too ? Peering into the shadowy corners of the room revealed nothing. Her head was a mess. Trying to remember where she last was before being in this hole, she drew a blank. But then instinct took over. There was a door, a door led out, she had to get to it. Making her way on all fours and holding on to the wall, she had just managed to rise to her feet, when she heard steps and the squeak of a key turning in a rusty lock. A man came in, holding a battered wooden chair before him. He kicked the door close, set the chair down and turned to her.
“Finally come out of your beauty sleep ?”
She stared at him, desperately trying to remember who he was.
“Still out woolgathering ? Better snap out of it fast because we need to talk.”
She’d heard that voice before, it hadn’t been menacing as it was now, but where ? 
He grabbed her by the arm, shoved her onto the chair, and bent over her.
“In case you are wondering, you have a little secret to reveal…”
When she caught the smell of coffee on his breath, it all came back to her in a flash. The coffee shop, the lure of information about Archer. Her emotions had led her, blind-eyed into a trap. But wasn’t that what she and Lucia had been working towards ? Her brain had begun to function again and she was ready to play her cards right.
“I recognize you ! You are the man who was going to tell me what happened to Archer,” she exclaimed keeping up the pretense. “What am I doing here ? And how did he die ?”
“You bitches are all the same. Love is all you’ve got on the brain. I haven’t a clue about what happened to that guy. Just needed to get to you. So now, why do you think you’re here ?”
She remained silent.
“Very well, let me jug your memory,” and he slapped her hard across the face.
She let out a cry, reaching up to cover her cheek.
“Scream as much as you want. It’s just us chickens here, nice and cozy.”
The slap brought back bleak childhood memories, her mother whacking her good when drunk, and she let her past misery take over, beginning to sob.
“One little slap and you’re breaking up ? This shouldn’t take long ! Speak, where’d he hide it ?”
“Who ? Hide what ? What’s going on ? Why are you doing this to me ?” Her voice was plaintive, her head tucked into her chest.
“Don’t play dumb. We know what your boss is working on and we want the formula.”
“You mean his research on obesity ?” She had raised her face and was looking up at the man, pleadingly, when the second slap almost snapped her neck. Boy, was she ever going to be black and blue, if she got out of here.
“Speak, bitch !”
“If you want Jaxon’s research so bad, why don’t you just hack his computer, why ask me ?”
“Because we have and there’s nothing on it. So now, where did he hide the formula ?”
She couldn’t give in too fast, so she just remained silent, bracing for the next blow which didn’t take long to come her way. This time it split her lip. There was the metallic taste of blood in her mouth.
“What is it you think I know,” she uttered plaintively.
“Where your boss has hidden the result of his research !”
“Why would he have told me ?”
“Why, indeed ? That guy trusts nobody. But you found out, you ferreted his secret out, so where did he hide it ?”
Gerri cringed as the guy raised his arm, about to smack her again. She didn’t think she could take another of his blows, especially as now his hand was balled into a fist.
“Wait !” she muttered, swallowing the blood that had pooled in her mouth. “I did see something weird on his desk.”
“Come on, speak or else …” The man man’s huge fist was right before her nose and she hurried on, lisping, “There’s a glass dish on his desk with something engraved under it.”
“A formula ?”
“Yes,” her head hung low.
“Now, you’re speaking. And how come you were checking his office out ?”
“Didn’t like to be treated like a lab rat, kept busy on tedious uninteresting jobs.” There was a new harshness to her voice.
“Then why’d you make me bash you up, sweet face ? We’re on the same team !” He’d grabbed her under the chin and had raised her face. She couldn’t tear her eyes away from his small pinkish mouth that reminded her of a dog’s butt, as his lips moved and she felt a nearly irresistible urge to punch him hard, smack in the middle of it. 
“If your info checks out, we can have us some fun, chica. Otherwise…” And with those words, he left the room hurriedly, locking the door behind him.
Gerri had put her faith in Lucia’s technology. She prayed to the powers that be, or rather to all those satellites swarming around up there, that it lived up to its claims. Her lip was beginning to throb and one of her eyes didn’t feel right. Minutes went by. Although she strained her ears, she heard nothing. What had she got herself into ? She was about to get up and hobble over to the door when she heard the key turning in the lock again and the door was flung wide open.
Chapter 26 – Now - Answered prayers

Lucia stood there, jaw locked, grim as death in her dark grey outfit, stun gun in hand, taking in the room and the state of her friend. A miniature John Wayne after a shootout. In spite of her throbbing lip Gerri had to smile at the cowboy stance. 
“Jesus ! What did that bastard do to you !” Lucia took two steps and began examining Gerri’s face, touching it gently with cool fingers.
“You got him ?” were Gerri’s first words, as she peered around her friend.
“Don’t worry about that dork. He’s out of it for quite a while. I’m not sorry I tazed him good. Just look at what he did to you !” She was kneeling, cutting through Gerri’s restraints with a bowie knife she’d taken out of her knapsack.
“Had to appear credible…” Gerri mumbled. “What took you so long ? I thought the tracking and mic had failed !”
“It all worked smoothly thanks to his not depriving you of your shoes. I heard every word, and believe me, it was torture listening to you moan, but I had to wait till he gave his buddies the info and they called back, saying it was legit.”
“Makes sense…” Gerri massaged her ankles before getting up. When she did, she nearly fell back down on the chair.
“Put your arm around my shoulders, you’re woozy from the drug he put into your drink and the blows. We’ll have to get your head examined. You could have concussion.”
“Just want a bath, some painkillers and my bed. Feels like my brain is going to burst.” 
They were out of her cell now, in a larger room. It had a narrow basement window and the walls were lined with cardboard boxes and furniture piled up. One armchair had been plucked from the pile and used by Gopher. There were cigarette butts and two beer bottles on the old-fashioned wooden arm rest. Gopher himself was stretched out on the floor, hands and ankles in restraints. Lucia made for the armchair and helped Gerri, who had begun to shake, teeth shattering, lower herself into it.
“We’ve got to get you out of here asap,” She’d placed her plush bomber jacket, as well as she could, around Gerri’s shoulders, “but I have to see to this scum first !”
“Is he dead ?” Gerri managed to ask.
“Come on, Gerri, no wishful thinking, please ! Once he was down, I gave him a shot to put him to sleep.” She had seized the guy by the ankles and was dragging him towards the cell, not before placing two sheets of newspaper over his legs, to avoid touching him directly.
“Let me help you !” Gerri tried in vain to get up. She couldn’t believe her eyes. Lucia, petite and seemingly delicate had pulled the hefty guy away as if she did this every day. She came back to fetch what was left of the six pack and after giving the man a good kick in the loins, locked him up. Then she pulled a small bottle of hydroalcoholic lotion out of her pant pocket and painstakingly disinfected her hands.
“We leave him here ?” Gerri asked feebly, relieved not to have Gopher before her eyes any longer.
“Yes. He can remain in that cell and mull things over. If his buddies don’t come for him - and I doubt they will - an anonymous tip should do the trick. Now, let’s get out of here !
The idea of a warm bath helped Gerri handle the steep steps leading out of the basement, into an old-fashioned kitchen. The floor was patterned linoleum in tones of grey and old rose, zigzag cracks making it look like mosaic. Carved dark wood cabinets lined the walls, lending the room a claustrophobic air. Letting Gerri on a kitchen chair at the old pinewood table, Lucia checked the taps, let the water run for about a minute, found a glass in one of the cupboards and made her friend drink, careful not to press the glass against the cut lip. Lucia’s car was concealed a quarter of a mile away and she needed Gerri to find the energy to walk. But she shouldn’t have worried. Just the sight of the door leading out of the house had boosted her friend. Holding on to the table as she got up, she said “I’m ready. Let’s get out of here !”
She didn’t walk as fast as she would have liked to as with every step her head pounded, but she did manage to look around. The house they had left was made of bricks, it was large and shabby, one of the gutters hanging across the façade and a few window panes were broken. It was surrounded by a large overgrown garden.
“They just broke into an empty house ?”
“Not uncommon,” Lucia answered. Old homes like that seldom have an alarm system. Maybe the owners died and the kids are waiting for it to be put on the market. Someone, however, is still paying the water and electricity bills.”
“Do you think I walked or did he carry me ?” Gerri wondered, shivering at the idea of being handled by Gopher. They had reached Lucia’s car. It was parked behind another one up a small leafy lane, the tires of which had been slashed. In spite of her small size Lucia was quite capable…
“Hard to say, Depends on how fast the stuff he laced your coffee with works. We are only about twenty minutes away from the city center.  
Gerri turned round. Through breaks in the vegetation along the main road they had been following, she could see the city lights, glittering in the distance like rows of jewels. She didn’t much appreciate cities, but right now the sight warmed her heart.
“Let’s say I walked,” Gerri’s  jaw was set. “What now ?”
“We take it easy, one step at a time,” Lucia had checked that Gerri was well inside the car, no loose bits liable to get caught in the door, and was now starting the engine. As she reversed to get onto the main road and speed off, her last words resonated in Gerri’s mind - one step at a time - she could hear Archer’s voice as he pronounced them. We are living together, we have a flat, we are married… Let’s take it one step at a time... She sighed heavily. Had he somehow known that he would die young when she broached the topic of kids ? Would things be better if he’d gone along with the project of having a child who would be fatherless now ? Who could answer those questions ? Tears began to stream down her cheeks and Lucia covered her hand with one of hers. For her to do that, Gerri knew she must really be in a sorry state.
“Let it all come out, sweetie, you’ve had it rough lately.”
“I miss Archer so much. And I’m no closer discovering what really happened to him.”
“Don’t despair. I vouch that once this mess is sorted out, you’ll get the answers you need.”
“I don’t know what makes you so sure, but I’ll choose to believe you.” She was exhausted and had begun shaking again.
“That warm bath is just five minutes away,” Lucia encouraged her “and I’ve already phoned my doctor who will come to check on you.”
“We are going to your place ?”
“Yes, it’s safer. They know where you live and remember, I’ve got that precious crystal dish…”

After Gerri soaked in a warm bath scented with a few drops of lavender oil, Lucia took a series of pictures of her fiend’s face, just in case, before her physician attended to it. Thankfully, there were no signs of concussion and the lip could be patched up with a Steris trip. She might have a slight scar, but that could be easily remedied by a spot of plastic surgery, and was the least of her worries right now.  
Gerri needed as much sleep as she could get, and the doctor had left two tablets to be swallowed in case of need. He had noticed that from apathetic, she had become revved up and started making plans for the next day.
Lucia got her to bed, but she resisted taking the tablets, afraid she would oversleep. She insisted she had to be at work early the next morning when Jaxon discovered his precious dish was gone.
“Ok, we play it your way. Now don’t worry, I’ll get you up at 7,” Lucia soothed her as she handed Gerri a glass of warm milk. “Drink this and you’ll sleep peacefully. You had no supper. Hunger will wake you up during the night, and you need your sleep to be in top shape for tomorrow.”
“Thanks,” Gerri accepted the glass with a smile. Her mom had sometimes given her such a drink, when she was really her mom and not some crazy drunken woman. “You can chuck those pills in the trash, I won’t take them.”
Lucia scooped the pills up and smiled at her friend as she gently closed the room door.
Five minutes later, when she peeked in, the glass of milk had been drained and Gerri was sound asleep.
Chapter 27 – Now - Discovery

Jaxon came in to work in the early hours of the morning. He’d barely slept. He’d been home only briefly since leaving Timon’s institution. Couldn’t bear being alone with his thoughts in his empty house. And he needed to check out the last tests he’d set in motion before leaving the day before. Getting results out before competing labs was crucial. He couldn’t afford to lose any more time. To clear his mind, he went to the men’s room and splashed water over his face. When he looked up, a mask of grief was staring back at him in the mirror. There was misery in his darkly circled eyes, and his mouth belonged to the saddest of clowns. He shook himself, slapped his cheeks a few times and wiped his face, pulling as much of cloth out of the towel dispenser as he could. All he asked for was to get through the day, and hand over the results of his work to the head of the production unit. It would already have been done if his son’s institution hadn’t asked him to come urgently, and then perhaps he would allow himself to get blind drunk to wash away the taste of ashes in his mouth and try to forget what he’d witnessed that night.
It wasn’t until just before midday that he strode into his office. The first thing he noticed, sitting down to examine a file, was the pen dish. It was glass all right, but not the crystal one Mrs. Pastow had given him, he was certain of that. He seized it and turning it over, checked the underside just to be sure, spilling pens all over the desk. There was no engraving. It gave him a nasty jolt. Rage boiled up in him, but he tried to contain it as he marched out of his office and advanced on Shantyl who was at her desk, typing.
“Who’s been in my office ?” His voice was so rough the young woman started back, lifting a small hand to her face.
“Only the cleaners and I believe Miss Gold, yesterday.” She was frowning, biting her lip. “Is anything amiss ?”
“Nothing important. Get me the cleaner responsible for my office immediately. And where is Miss Gold ?”
“She hasn’t come in yet, I’ll try her home number. You’re sure everything is ok ?” The woman was looking at him quizzically, taking in his disheveled hair, two-day old beard, heavy eyelids and rumpled clothes under the white coat.
“Yes, please don’t trouble yourself. I just need to sort something out. Sorry to have disturbed you.”

As luck would have it, the woman responsible for Jaxon’s office was still in the building. She’d been about to take her overall off for a quick shower in the staff premises when she got the summons. She entered Jaxon’s office with a beating heart, embarrassed to meet one of the senior employees in her sweaty clothes, and anxious to know what he wanted of her.
“You are in charge of cleaning this office ?”
“Yes, every other day. Is something wrong ? Am I in trouble ?”
“No, don’t worry. Could you just please take a look at my desk. Is anything different ?”
There were so few items on the desk it took her but a second. Eyes narrowing, she asked “What am I supposed to see ?”
“You dust the surface of the desk as well as the objects on it every time you come ?”
“Yes, the room is so bare, there isn’t much else to do.”
“Look again, more carefully, please. Pick the objects up.”
The woman displaced a stack of files, picked up the paperweight to examine it and then reached for the glass pen holder, lifting it up to get a better look.
“This is not the one that is usually on your desk !” she exclaimed.
“Where is the old one ?” Jaxon’s tone scared the woman.
“How would I know ?”
“You didn’t break it and replace it with this one ? If you did, it doesn’t matter, just tell me what you did with the pieces.”
“Why no ! I would have told someone if I’d caused any damage. That’s crystal and it’s expensive.”
Jaxon breathed in deeply. “And when you cleaned this office for the last time, you are sure the dish was the old one ?”
“Yes, I’m positive. And I haven’t been in here since !” The woman had already glanced twice at her watch. “I’m sorry I can’t help you, but I have to get home. My husband leaves for work around one and I’ve got to see to the kids.”

Jaxon let her leave and went to query Shantyl. “Any news of Miss Gold ?”
“She’s not answering her phone. Perhaps she’s ill ? Do you want me to send someone round to her place ?”
“No, don’t trouble yourself. I’ll go.”
Had Gerri figured out where he had concealed the formula, handed it over to her old buddy at Gentech, and done a runner. Could he had misread her so poorly ? She was a bright woman. How could she have imagined he wouldn’t notice the substitution ? Something was wrong. To his surprise, he couldn’t keep hoping she wasn’t implied. But then the thought struck him. All Gentech needed in fact, was a day or two to make the announcement of their discovery to the world. And he had told Shantyl he would be away for some time. Why, perhaps this very minute, Wilcox had the formula and was gloating over it ! Rage boiled up again in him as he punched in Gerri’s number and waited as it rang and rang. Damn the woman, where was she? Just as he got into his car and threw the phone on the seat beside him, it came to life. He checked the screen. It was an unknown number. Here goes, he thought, in the best of cases, blackmail…
The voice answering the Hello he barked into the device was calm and cultured.
“I believe you wish to speak to Geraldine ?”
“Who are you ? Where is she ?”
“Who I am is of no importance. I have the person you wish to speak to with me. Make sure you are not followed and come to the address that will appear on your screen. May I add that you will be in no personal danger ?”
Before he could retort the communication was cut off. Did he have a choice ? God knows what was waiting for him at the address provided, but he was afraid of no one. He trusted his years of gladiator training to get him out of any sticky situation. 
Chapter 28 – Now – Blow up

Jaxon parked in front of the block of flats after checking he wasn’t being followed, and getting out, looked around. People were either at work, or inside having lunch. The street was empty, save for an elderly gentleman who walked by leisurely on the other side, a newspaper under his arm. He met no one in the hall as he made for the bank of elevators, and shot up to the 7th floor. More than anything, he hated not being in command of a situation and anger boiled in him as he kept his finger on the door bell. Whoever was on the other side was in no hurry to answer, in spite of the din. After about a minute, he dropped his hand, wondering if it wasn’t all a wild goose chase, and he was making a fool of himself before the door of an empty flat, when it opened.
Unconsciously, he had been expecting to see Gerri, not a petite blond woman in a grey shirt and black slacks, who just stood there coldly taking him in. It threw him off, made him feel like a moron for making so much noise. Striving to regain composure, he asked “Are you the person who phoned ?”
“That should be obvious, shouldn’t it ?” Lucia answered, shaking her head and rolling her eyes. Gerri had described her boss and she’d seen a couple of pictures of him, but had to admit none of it did him justice. He badly needed a shave, his whitish hair was a tangled mane and his face haggard, but he had lost none of his feral quality and his slightly hooded green eyes cut through her. She understood better her friend’s ambivalent feelings towards the man she suspected of being guilty of her husband’s death.
“Where’s Gerri ? Take me to her !” He wasn’t about to be left on the doorstep, like some detail man come to demonstrate vacuum cleaners.
“Follow me.” Lucia led the way through the hall to a brightly lit living room. Gerri stood there, her back to them, staring out of the window. She was still wearing a pair of Lucia’s black pajamas that were much too short and a purple bathrobe belonging to one of the girl’s aunts who sometimes visited, and fit slightly better.
“What have you done ! Who are you working for !” Jaxon boomed, heading over to her, seizing her arm, yanking her round. And then he took a step back, in shock, “What’s happened to your face ? Who did this ?” The blows she’d received were beginning to turn blue and her lip was swollen.
“Don’t you think we had all better sit down and talk calmly ?” Lucia suggested as she came up to Gerri and caught hold of her sleeve, intending to pull her away from the window. Jaxon reached out and gently touched Gerri’s cheek. There was concern in his eyes. Lucia thought he was about to fold her in his arms, but refrained and instead, passed a hand over his face, sighing heavily, shoulders sagging, the fight having gone out of him. “I’m at a loss, I haven’t a clue what’s going on. Gerri, you’ve got to speak to me.”
Gerri and Lucia sat down together on the sofa, Jaxon opposite them. He couldn’t take his eyes off Gerri’s face. Her perfect features, the beauty he so admired was marred by the blows she had received, but she’d lost none of her stamina. She was the first to speak, her voice steady, if slightly muffled.“As you can see, I couldn’t decently come in to work this morning…”
“Gerri, what happened ?”
“All in good time.” She felt a little bitchy keeping him on tenterhooks, especially as he looked ashen, but after all, she well knew he had stormed in to accuse her of treason.
“First tell me why you have been trying to phone me repeatedly.”
When Gerri had woken up that morning and seen it was almost 12 o’clock, she couldn’t believe her eyes. Lucia had promised to get her up early ! Bounding out of bed and regretting it immediately, as the shock reverberated through her head and face bones, she went in search of her friend, who was relaxing in the living room with a pile of math puzzles. Next to her sat Gerri’s phone.
Lucia looked up at her disheveled friend in rumpled pajamas, a smile playing on her lips. “Hasn’t rung yet, but shouldn’t take long…”
“What are you talking about, why didn’t you wake me up !”
“Your brain wasn’t in working order last night and you needed to recover. Showing yourself in Neozymes today would have defeated our purpose ! Just think, Shantyl and Zyler, whom I’m sure are behind what happened to you, believe you’re rotting away in that moldy cellar. Your absence from work today will help point the finger at you when your boss discovers his precious dish had disappeared.”
Trust Lucia to think straight. She was right of course. Gerry plopped down and the two women enjoyed the brunch Lucia had brought in on a tray while they waited for the phone to ring. Gerri had to take it slowly, chewing proving painful. She had never thought to see her finicky friend consume food anywhere else in her flat than in the kitchen but then, people do change and not always for the worse.
Now, Jaxon was just staring at her, not knowing any longer what to say. Could he coldly accuse this battered woman of industrial espionage ? A woman who had saved him for a ghastly death a couple weeks ago ? Had what he’d been through at his son’s side distorted his judgement ?
“Lost your tongue, Jaxon ? Let me help you. I believe that when you discovered your pen dish had vanished, you immediately thought I had sold it to God knows who. No, wait ! To Wilcox, that guy you accused me of knocking about with, aren’t I right ?”
“Gerri…” Jaxon started, doing his best to look her in the eye, “I admit I did think you could be implied.”
“That’s nicely worded !” Lucia exclaimed, “You should have been a lawyer ! But you’re a scientist, and a gullible one. All those emails about Gerri and Gentech clouded your mind, making you pounce on her as the culprit !”
Jaxon hung his head. The woman was indeed right. It had all seemed so plausible even though it hurt him to think that Gerri could be so double-faced, that he had been wrong to believe there was something between them.
“And you were right,” Gerri said, making Jaxon’s head snap up, “I did take your crystal dish.”
He stared at her, open mouthed. The misery in his eyes made her relent. “Ok, I’ll stop playing games with you, but you deserved it.” She tried to smile, but it was too painful. Getting up, she pulled out the dish from behind a stack of magazines on a bookshelf. Jaxon jumped up and seizing it, turned it over. After inspecting it and passing a finger over the inscription, he looked at Gerri, frowning. “Why have you got this ? What’s going on ?”
“You could say thank you, you know,” Lucia put in, “that piece of crystal cost Gerri her looks…”
“Please, don’t be cruel !” Jaxon had let himself fall back in his armchair, his face haggard. “Gerri, I’m sorry I made an ass of myself. I feel I’ve lost my bearings. If the dish is here, then my research is safe, but I need to know what happened to you, what is going on.”
“What happened is that Gerri spotted the moles in your department and took action !” Lucia said, looking at her friend with pride. “She stuck her neck out for you and paid dearly for it.”
Chapter 29 – Now – Disclosure

Lucia pretexted a job to be seen to and left the pair alone. There was an embarrassed silence. Jaxon looked from the crystal dish in his hand to Gerri. She could see he desperately wanted to know how she’d happened to home in on the object, but his first question, she was pleased to note, was about what had happened to her.
“Who did that to you ?”
“Some guy calling himself Gopher.”
“Someone you know ?” Jaxon was scanning her face, puzzled.
“What are you suggesting ? A lousy boyfriend gone on a rampage ?” She was still smarting at Jaxon’s lack of faith in her, but again relented when she took in how distraught he looked.
“No, I’d never seen this guy before. I guess you could say it was a case of the biter bit. The people after your formula took my bait and I swallowed theirs.”
Jaxon shook his head, uncomprehending. “Gerri, have pity, tell me what’s going on ! Don’t speak in riddles, I just can’t cope with any more.”
She’d never heard him sound so dispirited. He knew his research was safe, so what was eating at him ? There was something else going on.
“Why did you rush out of the lab yesterday ?” 
“My son’s institution called.” Jaxon closed his eyes and took a deep breath.
“Bad news ?” 
When he looked at her, she read despair in his eyes. “We will speak about it, Gerri, I promise. But please tell me how come I’m holding this dish here.”
Time out. He was clearly at the end of his tether, so she told him about the plan Lucia and she had devised.
“Shantyl and Zyler ? You believe they sent this Gopher guy to drug and kidnap you ?
“Who else ? We baited them and it worked, although I was tricked too. Fell for the promise of learning more about Archer’s death.” Gerri looked at Jaxon, her jaw set. “You know I need to find out what really happened to my husband.”
Jaxon sighed, “I know. I also know I’ve been evading your questions. I’ll admit I wasn’t sure I could trust you at first, that you weren’t planted to gather information on Surtribal.”
Gerri’s jaw dropped, “Right from day one, you considered me to be a threat ! First a spy on the activities of Surtribal, whatever that is, and then a mole intent on stealing your research.” It hurt, it really did and the intensity of the pain puzzled her, but she was angry too. Getting up, she paced over to the window. “So, the times we shared in the Amazon, you were just acting, waiting for me to show my real colors ?”
He had risen too and was right behind her now, his arms circling her waist. “You know that’s not true. I can’t tell you how much I fought to keep you at a distance. Try to understand. I didn’t know you or why you wished to work for Neozymes. My life was in shambles : I had nothing to offer to a woman. Nothing but sadness and you had already suffered, losing Archer.”
His body was warm against her back, and she placed her hands on his. They were standing, gazing out of the window like a statue of salt, not wishing to let go of the moment, when Lucia came back into the living room.
“Looks like things are getting sorted out, if I’m not mistaken !” she said brightly.
When they turned round there was a slightly bewildered look on both their faces.
“You remind me of a pair of teenagers caught necking by their moms !”
Gerri stifled a laugh, holding on to her wounded lip as Jaxon let go of her.
“Things are moving along, Lucia, you are right and I realize I’ve been blinded by my distrustful nature. Gerri and I need to put everything on the table, but first I must contact the Neozymes’ production head as soon as possible. And for that I need to be able to encrypt the message.”
“Easy as pie ! You can send an end-to-end encrypted message from my computer.”
Gerri took the opportunity to get dressed. Lucia had washed and dried the dark raspberry jumpsuit she was wearing the day before, and even managed to remove the blood stains on the collar. When she rejoined the others, they were sitting quite a distance apart, but she was happy to see them chatting calmly. Jaxon got up. He stood straighter and as he held out a hand to her, there was a smile on his face. His green eyes had lost some of their sadness. “There is ever so much we have to talk about and Lucia would like to get some work done, so if you agree, we could go over to my place.” Gerri knew that her friend could cope with only so much human presence, especially in her own space, before feeling highly uncomfortable and the signs were there. Like at Gerri’s flat, she had begun to stack and unstack the coasters on the coffee table, nose twitching every time she picked one up.
“But first, please you ladies, tell me how you knew where to look for the formula. I have this uncomfortable feeling that you two got into my head.” He was looking from one girl to the other, his eyes searching them.
“That was all Gerri’s doing,” Lucia answered shooting a quick look at him before going back to her stacking.
Gerri smiled as her mind took her back to the Amazon, the moist heat, the wild animal cries
and Jaxon confiding in her his anxiety about his wife and her past. “You told me how much you distrusted, even hated the internet, how you tracked down and sought to destroy all the pictures of your wife as a child beauty pageant star.”
“And not only those,” Jaxon sighed. “Once I discovered that she had been an escort, I needed to rid the net of that aspect of her life, not so much for me, but for my son’s sake.”
“I heard the bitterness in your voice when talking about the internet and how little faith you put in it. So, I didn’t think you would have stored your results electronically.”
“And she was right,” Lucia put in. “Didn’t take long to hack your computer - came up with zilch, as Gerri expected.”
“I still don’t see how you came to think of the crystal dish.” 
“The Raven,” Lucia said, “it pointed all too clearly to Poe.”
“And in your bare office, there weren’t too many objects lying in plain sight.”
“Gosh, I’m not sure what you’ve told me makes me feel any more comfortable. Little did I know I had two sleuths watching me, sniffing around.” He was smiling now, one eyebrow raised.
“Come on, man !” Lucia said, “Why wouldn’t we girls be just as smart as you ?” Before adding, “Now it’s really time for you to be leaving. I know where he lives, Gerri. And I don’t think he’s up to no good, you needn’t worry.” She winked and pointed down to Gerri’s shoes behind Jaxon’s back. Gerri nearly gasped. She’d forgotten about the transmitter and would have to remember to remove her shoes, depending on how things went. She didn’t want Lucia to be listening in should Jaxon ever begin murmuring sweet nothings. The very thought made her blush. Although she doubted that would happen, but then, the wildest notions have a way of popping up…
Chapter 30 – Now - Archer

Jaxon’s neighborhood was as yet fully developed. They drove up to a spacious glass-pained house sitting on extensive grounds about a mile away from a range of hills that showed up as a greyish lilac mass the distance. Their footsteps echoed on the marble floor as they entered. Gerri stopped short when she caught sight, at the end of the hall, of what appeared to be a life size statue covered with a dark piece of cloth.
“As I told you, my wife was obsessed with the beast,” Jaxon sighed, and walking up, he removed the heavy canvas revealing a wooden sculpture of the Minotaur. “She had it made here, by a craftsman who specializes in animals. The man did his best to hide his amazement when he understood what she wanted, but the money was good, so…” The bull’s face was curiously sensuous and seemed to leer at Gerri. She was relieved when Jaxon threw the canvas sheet back on.
“I’m not surprised you prefer to cover the thing up. There’s something deeply unsettling in that carving. Perhaps it’s because it’s a hybrid, a creature embodying the uncanny permeability between boundaries.”
“I let it stand there because I expected my wife to return. And then, with time, I just forgot about it. This is first time I’ve looked at it in years. It’s high time to say goodbye to it, get someone to cart it out.” Jaxon sighed again and led Gerri into the living room. It was glass paneled on two sides, giving out on the garden and the dark trees beyond. She wasn’t sure she felt comfortable in such a room. It was spacious and bright, but to her mind, too much outside was peering inside. 
“Is this to your taste ?” she queried Jaxon.
“No, my wife’s, but I got my say too. Wasn’t ready to live like a goldfish in a bowl.”
He touched a switch on the wall and two of the panes to the right of the leather sofa and armchairs became opaque, lending the room a measure of coziness.
“I had switchable privacy glass panels put in. Nobody can see through those panes.”
Gerri breathed a sigh of relief as she sat down on the sofa. She immediately felt more relaxed. Hiking, even camping in nature wasn’t a problem, but going about your daily chores knowing that you were exposed like a manikin in a shop window to whoever chose to sneak around out there, gave her the creeps. She shuddered, remembering that Jaxon’s wife had mysteriously disappeared. Had someone been spying on her, lurking behind those dark firs, biding their time, waiting for the right moment to abduct her ?
“Are you cold ?” Jaxon asked, ready to rise from his end of the sofa to fetch a throw.
“No, I’m fine. I’m happy you dimmed those panes. Felt a little too exposed.”
“And hidden is what you need to be for the next few days,” he agreed, taking in her battered face.
“Until the cat is out of the bag and the people responsible for tying me up in that basement realize they have been fooled.”
“Just so. It took pluck to set up a trap to catch those wishing to lay hands on the formula.” He was looking at her, shaking his head, “Anything could have happened…” 
“Lucia calculated the odds. It didn’t seem likely the people hiring them would wish them to kill me. Too much police involvement. All they wanted was the info.”
“That’s some friend you’ve got ! Wouldn’t want her as my enemy.”
Gerri had to smile. “She’s clever, alright. But I fell in their trap, hook, line and sinker.”
“How so ?”
“They baited me with information about Archer’s death.” Gerri’s voice had lost all levity and she was now looking hard at Jaxon, who immediately got up and began to pace the room.
“I need to apologize to you, Gerri. I had known Archer for years when you two got married. I was happy for him, he seemed to have found his mate, but life has made we wary. We didn’t have the opportunity to much discuss his marriage and I knew next to nothing about you.”
“Why would you think I wasn’t the real thing ?”
“Because of Archer’s implication in Surtribal.”
“He never told me he worked for that organization.” Gerri was frowning as she played with the zipper of the pocket on her pant suit.
“He freelanced for them, and it wasn’t for the money.”
She snorted, “Archer wasn’t after big pay checks, that’s for sure, but it wasn’t a problem as I worked too.”
“Archer, the righter of wrongs… No, money was not what made him tick. He was an idealist but also a man of action. I admired him.”
Gerri was silent for a while, digesting this. “How did you two meet, start working together ?”She couldn’t believe she had never thought to ask the question before.
Jaxon had stopped circling around the room and returned to the couch. “I have a sister, or rather a half-sister who helped start Surtribal.” He hesitated before going on, “Archer and Lin were close, quite a few years back.”
Well, she hadn’t expected Archer to be a virgin when they met, and by mutual agreement they hadn’t dilated on their past love life. A thought suddenly struck her, “Was your half-sister Asian ?”
“Yes, how did you know ? Did he mention her to you ?”
“No, we never got round to speaking about the past, we barely had time for the present and tried to make the most of it, but I found a picture when going through Archer’s belongings. You were both on it with a woman who had Asian traits.”
“That’s Lin. She had such energy when setting Surtribal up that she roped in quite a few talented people. Their affair lasted about two years, but they remained on good terms afterwards, and Lin could always count on Archer to lend a hand when the need arose.”
“What is Surtribal exactly ?” She had loved her husband and was sure he loved her, but how well had she known him ?
“Indigenous and tribal peoples’ rights over the natural resources present in their ancestral territories are more often than not flouted, violated. And this phenomenon is not as conspicuous as, for example, when valuable trees are cut down for timber and all that is left is scarred terrain prone to washout.”
“You are referring to biopiracy, of course,” Gerri put in. A great number of molecules had been discovered thanks to indigenous knowledge and brought in millions to pharmaceutical companies with very little, if anything, trickling down to those who should legitimately benefit from the mana.
“Yes. The fight against biopiracy rests on requiring that patent applicants for inventions evolving from traditional knowledge and genetic resources reveal the source of the biological material involved. They also need to provide evidence that the local owners of the resources gave their consent to the collecting and that a benefit-sharing agreement has been reached. The possibility that a company such as Neozymes be not playing the game fairly worried me from the very start.”
“So you contacted your half-sister to check your company out ?”
“Indeed, and we both thought Archer would be the ideal candidate to snoop around under the pretext of snapping stills. He was enthusiastic, and hiring him as the expedition photographer was easy.”
“He never mentioned any of this…” Gerri was biting her lip, staring at her feet.
“Don’t take it badly. He couldn’t really. Organizations such as Surtribal work in the shadows. They have to for their safety.”
“What do you mean ?” Gerri’s head had jerked up, her stare on Jaxon icy.
“Quite a few companies hire unscrupulous scientists who, protected by hoodlums - often ex-military - scout tribal territories and pillage them.”
Gerri was aghast, “What you are saying is that someone like Archer, who asked questions and informed tribal members of their rights, could be targeted by thugs.”
“We all could. Anything can happen to a small group of people lost in the jungle. The competition to get a new drug out first on the market is fierce and foul play is not uncommon.”
“But it was to Archer that something happened, wasn’t it, Jaxon ? I refuse to believe that he just wandered out into the desert without the proper equipment and let himself die of a heatstroke.”
Jaxon passed his hand over his face. When he looked at Gerri, there were tears in his eyes. “I told him to wait, that we would go together to the small encampment a few miles away in the desert once I had finished collecting my samples. But you know Archer, easily bored, and there wasn’t yet much material he could take pictures of. He’d done a few on the plants we had started collecting, a series on different beetles he came across, some of the camp site. He couldn’t remain long doing nothing so, telling our cook he’d be back in a while, he jumped into one of our two jeeps and drove off. The next time I saw him, he was dead.”
Dead… the word resounded in the large room. Gerri suddenly saw Jaxon and herself as two lost souls, alone in the midst of a void and separated by a chasm. She was nevertheless the first to speak.
“Dead how ?”
“Heatstroke. That was indeed the cause of death.” Jaxon was reluctant to go on.
“Tell me the truth Jaxon, tell me what happened !” She’d reached over and caught hold of his wrist, fingers closing in like a vise, making him look at her.
“The truth is that he didn’t wander out into the desert alone without any water, he was driven out and left there. From what I learned, some tribe members in the region we worked in had connections with shady collectors and Archer had been in their goons’ crosshairs for some time already. So, when the opportunity turned up, they grabbed him and left him to die in the desert.”
“Didn’t you search for him once you realized he hadn’t come back ?” She could hardly speak, her fingers digging into the flesh of his wrist.
“Of course, we did. By using a drone we found his jeep miles beyond the small settlement. Nobody would say where he had gone after talking with them. But I got the feeling someone in that camp had sent him on a wild goose chase so he would cross the path of the men out to capture him.”
Her husband, the man she loved had been seized, most certainly beaten, bound and dropped to die from dehydration in the middle of a hostile desert. Suddenly, Gerri wasn’t sure she’d been right to try to find out what had really happened. The image of Archer being manhandled and passing out on the burning sand, alone in the vastness of the desert would haunt her forever. Now that she knew, she didn’t like what she’d learned, but she could at least stop obsessing over trying to get answers.
She let go of Jaxon’s arm and swallowed hard before speaking again. “Thank you. I realize now this can’t have been easy for you.”
Jaxon shook his head and sighed heavily. “I blamed myself for hiring him. I knew anybody trying to counter the activities of biopirates is at risk. I just didn’t think that region was so dangerous.”
“What about your sister ? She must have felt responsible too.”
“Members of Surtribal are conscious they risk being targeted. She was shattered, of course.” Jaxon stopped as soon as he had pronounced the last words, shooting a quick look at Gerri.
“Don’t worry. I understand your sister’s feelings, I loved Archer, but certainly don’t claim to be the only person to have valued him.”
“Lin vowed to pursue the work Archer had been doing concerning Neozymes. From what she gathered, the company is in the clear, and that’s a relief. I got the information I needed a while ago and could hand over the research results you protected with a clear conscience.”
“Why were you so distrustful of me ?” She wondered if something in her attitude, her body language, had triggered his defiance.
“Guess I’ve become a cautious beast over the years… Archer met you and the next time I saw him, you two were married, a little like in the song - got married in a fever… I realized Archer knew nothing of you, just like I knew nothing about my wife when I married her.” Jaxon’s voice was muted, his gaze faraway, lost in space. And then he shook himself, as if coming out of a trance. “Let me get us something to drink. Coffee, tea, hot chocolate ?”
“Hot chocolate, please.” She desperately needed something warm and sweet. 
Taking advantage of Jaxon’s foray into the kitchen, she went back into the hall and kicking off her shoes, placed them next to the statue of the Minotaur. Lucia had certainly heard everything that had been said since their arrival and must be reassured that Gerri was in no danger. But now that she was going to try to probe into Jaxon’s private life, having someone eavesdropping seemed unfair, and the thought made her uncomfortable.
When Jaxon came back carrying a tray with two mugs of fragrant hot chocolate and a package of cheerios, she had taken one of the throws and wrapped it around herself on the couch, pulling her feet under.
“The biscuits all kids love !” she exclaimed, “I haven’t eaten one of those in years…”
His smile was sad. “Timon used to crave them. I buy them to take along when I visit him. Sometimes, he opens them and licks the cream, as he used to when a kid.” 
Chapter 31 – Now – The boy

“Timon… That’s an unusual name.” Jaxon had promised he’d speak to her about his son. Now was the time.
Comes from the Greek Timao, to honor, to esteem… A great name, it seemed.” His tone was bitter.
“Did your wife choose it ?”
“Yes. We honeymooned in Greece. I had traveled to the island before on a field trip. I don’t remember if I’ve already told you that I came across her in the ruins of King Minos’s palace. Later, she recalled having seen me there. I had to admit I hadn’t really registered her presence.”
“Really ? From the little you have said about her, I gathered she was strikingly beautiful.”
“And you think beauty shines like a beacon in the dark, attracting us like moths to a flame ?” He smiled in spite of himself, “You are right. Her beauty did rope me in, but that was later. The woman I recall skulking around in those ruins was some kind of bleached bimbo wearing too much make up. An older man’s trophy. She had no sparkle. And I wasn’t there to check out girls…”
“But then you met her again ?”
“Yes. From what she said later, she recognized me immediately. I had only a faint recollection of seeing her somewhere before.” 
“She was different from the airheaded blond ?”
“Totally. And ravishingly beautiful. Her eyes - grey with speckles of green - lit up her face, and her smile was contagious. She worked as a receptionist in a dentist’s office, of all places, and just seeing her made you want to come back.”
“You were smitten !”
“Love-struck. And I paid for it dearly later.” he smirked, before passing a hand over his face.
Neither said anything for a few minutes, then Gerri launched out. She needed to know who this man was and it was now or never.
“What went wrong ?” Her voice was gentle.
“Most everything. Not in the beginning, of course, but immediately after our son was born.”
“Was the delivery difficult ? Did the baby take up too much of her time ?” Gerri was trying to imagine what could go adrift when two young people who were in love had a child.
“Her obsession with the Minotaur, that’s what was at the root of all our sorrow. Or so I thought at first, but the source of her ill-being came, in fact, from deep in her past.”
“I don’t get it, what role did this mythological beast play in your life ?”
“She told me that on her visit to Crete with the old professor she’d ventured into a cave the country people considered to be the Minotaur’s lair, got lost there, passed out - owing to fumes no doubt - and developed a mystical connection with the creature.”
“Perhaps she was in need of spirituality. What you told me about her early life, appearing in child beauty pageants, must have been draining, soul crushing, even.”
“I get that. And what she revealed about her childhood saddened me. She was made use of by a rapacious mother, who couldn’t care less for the harm being done to her daughter. But why be fascinated by such bestiality ? By a monster ?”
“Remember that the creature was considered unholy, a divine omen indicating misfortune. And although he was not the sinner, he nevertheless paid the price for his mother’s sin and had to be hidden from view. Perhaps she identified with his plight ?”
“That could be true, although grim. I remember her saying that visualizing herself lost in a maze could have been the trigger she needed to extricate herself from the entanglement she was caught in those days.” Jaxon’s voice faltered, “I feel guilty for never having really understood her. I was fascinated by her beauty, her charm. I was young and foolish, and only too late did I get an inkling of what lay behind the façade.”
“What do you mean ?” She had to hold back from reaching over to take his hand.
“She once confided that the very first time she set eyes on me in Crete on that dig, she’d been struck by my appearance, sensitive to a wild streak I had no idea I possessed.”
Gerri looked at him, shaking her head and murmured, “Know thyself…” She couldn’t help smiling when she saw his reaction.
“What ? What do you mean by that ?”
“You’ve been so wary of others, wrapped up in your research that you haven’t a clue as to how others see you.”
Jaxon seized her hand as his eyes bore into her, “How do you see me, do I really give out feral vibes ?”
She wasn’t about to give a straight answer to that. If she were to be absolutely honest, she’d have to admit she’d sensed those vibes right from the start, but they were subdued by the man’s desperate need for control. “That’s not really the question. What we’re talking about here is how well you know yourself.”
His hand felt good on hers, but she first had to get things straight, and pulled hers gently back.
Jaxon sighed, his mouth bitter. “I guess you are right. I’ve been rushing ahead ever since my brother died, keeping apart mostly, never looking back.”
“What happened with your wife ?” Without an answer to this question, the man would remain an enigma.
“I didn’t realize how much she fantasized about the Minotaur. We made love once on our honeymoon in a cave in Crete in the midst of the roar of some underground river, and she later told me she knew our son was conceived there. If he was, then her mind must have been filled with images of the beast at the moment of conception. That’s the only reason I can find to explain her guilt when Timon was born.”
Jaxon took a deep breath, holding his face in his hands before going on, staring straight ahead. “The child was beautiful, due homage to his mother, and when first she beheld him, she fell under his spell and looked at him with such an intensity of love, I felt my heart would burst ! I was the happiest of men. But it didn’t last…”
“Your wife couldn’t accept his birth defect ?” Gerri recalled Jaxon telling her about it while sitting around the fire in the jungle. 
“Yes, her fragile world crashed around her that day.”
“Tell me what happened.” Jaxon was clearly suffering, but he needed to speak, to let all that pent up sorrow out.
“The nurses had bundled Timon up when presenting him to his mother, but a few hours later, before she was about to learn to take care of her baby with the other mothers who had given birth that day, the doctor asked to see us alone. Timon’s little crib was wheeled in. Harleth was about to pick the baby up when the doctor stopped her.
“Your baby is a lovely boy, but he was born with a slight defect.”
My wife stared at him, aghast, “What do you mean ? My son is perfect !”
“Unfortunately, not quite. but it’s only a minor defect.” With these words, he uncovered the baby’s body fully. One chubby leg was ended by a tiny pink foot, but at the end of the other was something recalling a hoof, a club foot.”
“That can’t be true ! What’s that horrible thing doing on my son !” my wife screamed, recoiling in horror, looking around as if for a door through which to escape.
It took the doctor a considerable amount of time to persuade her to pick up our child. She only did so after he had explained that the boy’s handicap could easily be corrected with a brace first and then surgically, if need be.”
“I can understand her shock, all the more as, that right after giving birth, hormones are raging through the mother’s body !” 
“Raging is the word, all right. As soon as the doctor had departed, she handed the child over to me, saying that nothing would induce her to go to the childcare session with the other mothers. She couldn’t face the humiliation. So, I did. And enjoyed every second of it.”
“The child’s handicap didn’t worry you ?”
“It did, but I listened to the doctor carefully and realized that it could  be quite easily overcome. Anyhow, the poor little mite wasn’t responsible for it, and just like all the other babies, what it needed was love.”
“The other women must have wondered why Timon’s mother wasn’t there…”
“If they did, they didn’t say anything apart from commenting on how beautiful he was. And that was true. He was born with quite a lot of golden hair and his eyes were of the darkest blue. His skin was light like his mother’s and to everyone’s surprise, he managed to smile when cooed at, something babies don’t usually do so young.”
“Your wife should have been there, it would have heartened her to see everyone interacting so naturally with her son.”
Jaxon’s jaw was set, his tone hard. “Well, she wasn’t.”
Chapter 32 – Now – The truth

They sat there, side by side, in silence. Jaxon leaning forward, elbows on his knees. His hurt affected her, but she couldn’t stop. She had to pursue.
“How did she finally cope with your son, and do you really not know where your wife is now ?”
Jaxon shook his head. “Like most people, you believe I have something to do with her disappearance and I can understand your mistrust. I concealed information about Archer’s activities from you, and regret it. But I swear to you I did not know where my wife was until these past hours.”
“You know now ? What happened ? Did the police notify you of her whereabouts ?” Gerri was shaken by the gravity of his voice.
“No, it’s not so simple. My wife’s fate is linked to our son’s.”
“How so ? Did she never manage to overcome her disappointment in his not being flawless, and do away with herself ?”
“No, nothing like that. It was a hopeless situation. The baby had the sweetest face and at times she raved over him, smothering him with kisses, only to turn her back on him if kicking around as he giggled with glee, one of his booties dropped off and she caught sight of his foot.”
“The poor boy  !”
“And then there were bouts of depression, moments when she accused herself of having brought the defect onto her son through her fascination with the Minotaur, the hoofed beast.”
“But we both know that’s absurd ! You’re a biologist, couldn’t you explain to her that things don’t work like that !”
“Of course, I tried. But the human psyche is complex. I read up a lot on the subject and finally came to the conclusion that her guilt, the feeling that she had sullied her own flesh and blood, stemmed from her past, her time as an oversexed child put on display before leering adults, not to mention the subsequent years working as an escort.”
Jaxon’s shoulders were hunched and his voice so low, Gerri reached out to his hand, covering it with hers.
“If you are wondering, things got a little better after Timon’s foot had been seen too and he began walking like other kids.”
“You said a little better, what do you mean ?”
“She went from one extreme to another. Now she coddled and spoilt the child beyond reason, fascinated by his beautiful mien, his grace. And it is true that it was difficult to resist and not give in when he came up to you with that radiant face of his and his sweet smile.”
“I’m sure you did your best to help the boy understand that the world would not treat him like his mother did, readily handing over whatever he asked for.”
Jaxon turned to look at Gerri, shaking his head. “I tried. Believe me, I tried. But I wasn’t there in the daytime when they were alone together. And whatever crazy thing Timon did, Harleth would stand up for him. In her eyes, he could do no wrong. Until it was too late.”
Gerri frowned, “What happened ?”
“I feel like a heel for saying this, but the child was warped. Whatever I did to try to counteract his mother’s influence was overridden. Exteriorly he was indeed angelic, but inside something was twisted. My wife began having small accidents in the home. She would step on some toy left in her passage and fall, at times really hurting herself. Or when asking him to hand her a pair of scissors, he would hold them the wrong way and stumbling, cause them to cut her hand. Every morning before leaving, I would go around the house, checking things out…”
“Did you broach the subject with the boy ?”
Jaxon snorted. “The moment I raised the topic, Timon would run up to his mother, tears streaking down his face. In his presence, she would accuse me of being delusional.”
“But you weren’t.”
“No. As a biologist, I don’t think children are born bad, that there are any evil seeds, but his mother’s ambivalent attitude sure had wreaked havoc in the child. Quite soon, he was totally beyond my reach.”
“How did it go down once he went to school ?”
“He made friends easily but lost them just as fast.”
“How did your wife interpret that ?” 
“She put it down to jealousy. In her eyes, her son was so much above the others, they couldn’t understand or compete with him.”
“Sounds like a sure recipe for disaster, if you ask me.”
“Little do you know how right you are.”
“I still don’t see how she could have left him. How did he react once she disappeared ?”
Jaxon gave Gerri’s hand a squeeze. “I’m relieved to see that you don’t think I did away with her any longer.”
Her eyes scanned his face before she answered. “No, you are not a killer.”
Chapter 33 – Now – Climax

“The days after my wife’s disappearance were hellish, and not only because the police kept coming round questioning me, going through the house as if I’d hidden her dismembered body somewhere in it.” Jaxon’s smile was sad when he resumed speaking and it hurt her. “You want to know how Timon reacted ? He didn’t. He was perfectly cool about her disappearing. I thought it was a façade, that he wished to appear composed and grown up, all the more so that he had been coddled for so long, but no. With time, I discovered that he was in fact pleased not to have her hovering over him. And it frightened me. Who was this boy ? I knew I couldn’t reach him.”
“But you lived together in this house ?”
“Yes, those were bleak years. Whenever I would oppose one of his schemes, he would let it be known that I was thwarting him as usual. Then he would consider me coldly before asking if I was sure I didn’t know what had happened to his mother. Worse still, at times he would wink and with a cajoling voice, tell me I could confide in him, reveal where I had secreted away her body, that he hated the bitch anyhow and wouldn’t betray my secret.”
“Sounds horrible. Did you consider putting him in boarding school ? Sometimes, distance helps one to disentangle a situation that has got out of hand.”
“I tried, feeling like a heel when I signed him up, but he got kicked out within the first week, just as he had announced he would. As I drove away after leaving him that first day, I wasn’t proud of myself. But I couldn’t help feeling relief, as if a weight was being lifted off my chest. Perhaps I saw myself as a martyr, for the image of old Giles in The Crucible being pressed to death under stones, crossed my mind. But that was presumptuous on my part, for the old man was a noble character, which I am not. Anyhow, the look in my son’s eyes as I bent down to say goodbye was chilling, there was something evil peeking out from behind that beautiful face.”
“I bet it didn’t get any better at home after that.”
“Indeed not. He refused to go to school, so we reached a compromise. In-home tutoring. Most of his lessons were on line and two tutors would come in every week to check up on his progress. It was rather unusual then, but now, with the virus, it looks like it’s becoming the norm.” Jaxon remarked. 
“Did it work ?
“For some topics, it did. but I soon realized he studied only what caught his fancy. And it wasn’t long before I couldn’t find new tutors after those who came resigned.”
“Why ? Was he rude ?”
“The tutors couldn’t pin it down, but in a very sly way, he would make them extremely uncomfortable. First, they would call in sick and then, after two or three small incidents, such as Timon stumbling and bumping into the teacher to make her fall, or playing practical jokes like pulling the chair away as the person sat down, resign. And I understood what they meant because I lived with him.”
“But he was just a boy !”
“Not an ordinary boy. I put it all down to the grief caused by his mother’s abandon, grief that he couldn’t find an outlet for. When I finally decided to get rid of my wife’s clothes and he found me emptying the closets he flew at me, a wild glint in his eyes. I managed to restrain him and was holding him tight, arms pinned down when all of a sudden, his rigid body sagged and he hung against me like a ragdoll. He’d passed out and it took minutes to revive him. I carried him to his bed. As he lay there, so peaceful, so beautiful, I couldn’t help crying over the child he could have been and would never be. It was a very painful moment. After that episode, I decided to leave his mother’s belongings where they were. It was then that I started having accidents too. A skate left at the bottom of the stairs, my car that wouldn’t start one day. The mechanic who came found that wires had been attacked, seemingly by rodents, but I had my doubts.”
“You think your son tried to sabotage your car ?”
“I dreaded going home. The house became a kind of land field. I took the boy to see a specialist, but that didn’t do any good. He’d been reading up on psychology and easily put the man off the track. I was beginning to believe that I was the one who needed his head examined when things took a plunge.”
“What happened ?” 
Jaxon’s voice was bitter. “Not long after I made him see the psychiatrist, I walked into the master bathroom one morning to shave. After a few seconds, I felt a dampness beneath my feet and wondered if there was a leak somewhere under the washbasin. When I bent over to look, I saw it was blood on the floor, my blood. I remained there, uncomprehending. How could my feet be bleeding ? But then, as I carefully got down on my knees, I saw that razor blades had been inserted between the grooves in the teak floorboards. It was only then that I began feeling the smart of the cuts. I had sliced my feet without feeling a thing…”
“But that’s crazy !”
“Sadly, yes. I disinfected my feet and bandaged them before fetching my camera. I needed to have pictures of what my son had done. I needed to have material proof that I wasn’t the one going mad.”
“Did you confront him ?”
“He was in his room, playing some computer game. Headphones on, he just looked up at me with a crooked smile before casting a glance at my feet.”
“What’s up, dad, been careless, and tramped on something nasty ?” he inquired, removing his headphones.
There was a glimmer in his eye as he spoke. “Better think twice before taking me to see one of your fucking doctors again. See what happens when you rush in where angels fear to tread…”
“The only words I could get out were : You are mad. He jumped up and stood before me. “You bet I’m mad. Who do you think you are to drag me out to see a shrink !’”
I had to take a step back. I didn’t recognize my child in the grimacing creature before me who started to sway slightly as he stood. And then all hell was let loose…” Jaxon’s voice faltered. 
“What triggered it ?”
“I could see he was straining to keep control but nevertheless, I was so hurt by what he had done to harm me, and his coolness, that I retorted - not mad angry, mad crazy ! And that’s when he went straight for the jugular, and I’m not speaking figuratively.”
“He attacked you ?”
“Teeth bared, he leaped on me, as his hands sought to grip my neck. His rage was such that he completely forgot I trained for combat. I don’t know what would have happened if I hadn’t had those skills. It didn’t take me long to master him and secure his hands and feet with the curtain tiebacks. When I finished, he was breathing regularly but his eyes were revulsed. I called an ambulance and the police. When Tim came out of his catatonic state, he was speaking gibberish and was diagnosed with schizophrenia.”
“He’s been institutionalized since then ?”
Jaxon hung his dead. “I feel guilty about it, don’t believe I don’t, but the boy was a menace to all those around him. I made it my duty to visit him when he seemed to be calmest - the doctors would give me a call - but he often just screamed obscenities or accused me of having killed his mother.”
With a sharp intake of breath, Gerri stood up, taking a few steps. Her eyes scanned the room before coming to rest on Jaxon who had now risen too. “You used the past tense. Does that mean…?”
“Yes, my son is dead, he killed himself. This attempt was the last in a long series. He was being carefully monitored as schizophrenics are linked to a higher-than-normal chance of suicide attempts - all the more likely if they are young, male, white and have a high IQ. Don’t ask me why.”
“It took place yesterday ?. Is that why you rushed out of Neozymes early in the morning ?”
“The institution called me. He was still conscious and asking for me. This time he had outwitted his jailors and laid hands on enough dope to put an end to it all.”
They were now again sitting next to each other. The vibes coming off Jaxon spoke of pain but his tone was strangely firm. “In his last moments, Timon was my boy again, I cried when I saw him smile as he did when a toddler, and his voice had lost its surly tone. But what that sweet voice revealed knocked me over. And I have to admit that in spite of all the love I had stored up for him, he had done the right thing in putting an end to his life.”
Gerri was silent, too overwhelmed to speak.
“Do you think I’m a monster ?” Jaxon finally asked.
“Not at all. You have been dealt a tough hand by fate and I admire your resilience.”
“I fully realize that you, along with many others, have legitimately been wondering if I had anything to do with my wife’s disappearance.” He raised his hand as Gerri was about to protest.
“No, don’t try to spare my feelings, I know that has been nagging at the back of your mind, although in spite of it you have been loyal to me like no one else.”
“You are right, of course. I have wondered what role, if any, you played in her disappearance.”
“I’m ready to answer all your questions, if you think you are up to it.” His voice was grave and he was looking intently at her.
There was only one possible answer, “I’m in.”
Chapter 34 – Now – Full circle

In retrospect. it was like going down the rabbit’s hole, blindly following the man’s lead. Although, to be honest, she had little of Alice’s childish innocence. No, she had schemed to get close to Jaxon to discover the truth about Archer’s death, but had bitten off more than she could chew. For she dreaded what lay ahead of them as they moved deeper into the labyrinth, slightly bent to avoid the rocks and roots embedded in the vaulted ceiling of the tunnel. It was damp and cold and when she sneezed, grit rained down. She brushed it off her face, but couldn’t get it out of her hair. Jaxon’s steps had become hesitant as if he too feared what lay before them. When the tunnel opened up, they were standing in a rather large cavity. Jaxon used his headlamp to scan the walls from right to left and then the ray of light zoomed in, like an accusing finger, on a heap of stones. As they drew closer, she made out pieces of bright red cloth caught under them. But not only cloth, bones showing up white against the dark rocks. 
Gerri looked straight at Jaxon, speechless.
“Yes, that’s what is left of my wife. She was wearing her favorite color the day she died.”
“But what are her remains doing here ? And how did she die ? Have you informed the police ?” The words were spilling out. That lonely pile of bones was heart-wrenching. 
“This is the first time I’ve seen her remains. This is what Timon revealed to me last night.”
There was infinite sadness in his voice. Gerri took his hand. It was ice cold.
“Let’s get out of here and inform the authorities. Your wife needs to be given a proper burial  ! Imagine laying here forgotten all these years !”
“I know. She didn’t deserve such a fate, nobody does.” He stood still like a statue for a few moments and then shook himself. “You are right, let’s get out of here, move back up to the world of the living.” He hadn’t let go of her hand as they made their way towards the mouth of the tunnel, and she was happy to feel that some of her warmth had flowed into him.

They were silent on the short drive back but when they reached his house, his first words were, as he gazed at it: “I bought the house from the company in the early days of my marriage, but I’m selling it. And I hope the new owners will be happier than we were.” Adding, his voice bitter, “That shouldn’t be difficult.”
Back in the sitting room, with two mugs of strong coffee before them, Jaxon brought out a black note book. Holding it before him, he flipped through the pages. She saw that they were covered in a spiky script. The colors of the ink varied, some pages were in green, others red or black. There were also a number of drawings.
“Is that Timon’s ? “
“He began writing about three months ago. He entrusted the note book to one of the nurses, Amalia, making her swear she wouldn’t hand it over to the house psychiatrist. She began to work in his ward in January.”
“Why a nurse ?”
“Right from the start, they had struck it off. She was the polar opposite of his mother. Overweight, strands of hair falling out of her bun, her only beauty treatment apparently soap and water, but she radiated warmth and Timon would allow her to hold him tight when he would get so agitated the doctors wanted to put him in a straitjacket.”
“Sounds like he was lucky to have her.”
“She brought him some solace. Which is more than I ever managed to do.” Jaxon was staring at the notebook, face blank.
Gerri closed her eyes and breathed deeply, preparing herself for what was to come. “Tell me what you learned.”
“The last pages are a confession and the boy was thoughtful enough to have two witnesses – Amalia and a colleague and friend of hers, the caretaker, sign it a few days before he decided to put an end to his life.”
“Like a will ?” Gerri was puzzled.
“More like an authenticated confession…” Jaxon turned to Gerri, his mouth grim. “He told me what is in that document. They were his last words. A confession, if voluntarily given is admissible as evidence.”
“So he sought to protect you ?”
“There was a change in him lately. He didn’t insult me as much and instead of staring straight ahead, blocking me out, I caught him examining my face. But he would turn his eyes away if I attempted a smile.”
“Perhaps Amalia’s presence and warmth helped him come to terms with his demons.”
“Demons ! You’ve landed on the right word. In spite of my boy’s suffering, I can’t overcome the revulsion I feel at what he did. He was evil.” Jaxon had put the notebook down on the low table and pushed it away, as if dreading some contagion would leak out.
“Why don’t you tell me and then try to put all these bleak years behind you,” Gerri offered. The boil had to be lanced so the poison could drain out. From Jaxon’s lifeless tone she knew it would be rough going. “Come !” On impulse she rose, holding out her hand to him. There was no way she could listen to a tale of woe in that silent, tomblike house. “The sun is still on the horizon, let’s find a snug place outside so you can set free all those thoughts weighing you down, let the breeze blow them far away.”
Jaxon gave her a wry smile, shaking his head. “Here you are to the rescue again, Miss Gold, ready to wrench me out from the coils of my morbid thoughts.”
“Ready to listen to what’s eating at you. Ready to learn what happened all those years ago so you can lay to rest your mind and the poor remains abandoned in that cave.”

There was a grove of pine trees behind the house and Jaxon led her there. Before leaving, they had both gathered an armful of blankets and duvets as even though it was already June, evenings were still chilly. “I used to sit here to admire the sunset at times, before Timon was born, when I needed to sort out some hurdle I encountered at work. Harleth seldom came with me. Nature spooked her. In a rare moment of clarity, she said it made her feel insignificant.” Jaxon’s voice was bitter again.
The ground beneath the sweeping boughs of the pine trees was still warm, the thick bed of fallen needles soft. Gerri kicked off her shoes and placed them at a safe distance, then she pulled one of the lower branches near and crushing it gently, breathed in the clean smell of turpentine. Jaxon was watching her. She took a deep breath before smiling. “Nature heals. But it wouldn’t do to bury your woes in the sand like king Midas’s barber. You need to cast them out to the winds. They will carry them away from you, your dark thoughts’ power to harm evaporating into thin air.”
He had begun to spread out the blankets so they could sit comfortably. There were plenty of duvets to snuggle under if necessary. “I wish you are right and it is that easy. I’m happy you drew us out of that ill-fated house. Timon’s last words are coursing through my veins, poisoning me. I dreaded this moment. I knew I would have to tell you my sad story, disclose the extent of my failure, but your magic could well transform it into one of welcome release. 
“Jaxon, share your dark thoughts, speak. Let the words flow out. They will fade with the setting sun and tomorrow will be another day.”
He was silent for so long, she turned to look at him, fearing he wouldn’t rise to the challenge. But she was wrong. Moving so as to face her, he took hold of one of her hands and began.
“Timon was twelve when Harleth disappeared. Although still a child, he was already quite tall and brawny. People didn’t realize how strong he was because his face retained a boyish innocence. Anyone who didn’t deal directly with him would believe butter wouldn’t melt in his mouth. From what I gathered, even his mother was fooled by his sweet mien. And it cost her her life. I had my doubts, as I told you. I knew something was not quite right with the boy, but she became virulent every time I suggested seeking professional advice.”
“He was perfect in her eyes.”
“He had to be perfect. The guilt she had felt over his deformity clouded her judgement and she overcompensated. Although she had become strangely accident prone in the house, she would always blame herself for being clumsy when she tripped over something or a heavy pot or glass bowl fell out of a cupboard when she opened it, nearly braining her.”
“Sounds dangerous. How come she didn’t turn on him ?”
“No, looking back, I wonder if underneath all the love she professed there wasn’t fear. I remember once catching him looking at her with such malice it sent a shiver down my back. When I called his name and he turned my way, his stare was perfectly bland. I thought I’d got carried away by my imagination, felt even slightly guilty.”
“But you were spot on.” 
Jaxon let go of her hand and passed it over his eyes. “I should have believed what my eyes were telling me, put my foot down, insisted on getting the boy seen by a specialist. But then, when it suited him, he would side with his mother and be the most angelic of sons, for the amount of time needed for her to oppose all my proposals.”
“They had a love-hate relationship.” 
“Speaking of Timon, I believe only one word would apply - hate. I understood yesterday how much he hated his mother. He told me that every time she fawned on him, he had visions of himself clamping down a pillow on her face to shut her up for good.”
Gerri took a deep breath and gazed out at the horizon. The sun was inching down, its pink glow casting over the world a reassurance to all creatures that it would be reborn yet again tomorrow, and that all was well. To Gerri it spoke of a promise, the possibility of new beginnings.
Jaxon’s light hair was tinged pink too, but the deep rings under his eyes showed up purple.

 Eyes lost in the distance on the last tremors of the sun, her companion took his time. When only a faint glow was left, he began speaking again. Slowly at first but then faster and faster, as if relieved to finally let go of what had been crushing him.
“I often found Timon roaming around late at night when he should have been asleep in his bed. He would claim he wanted a glass of milk, or that some noise had woken him and he thought it was morning. I learned over time that he made a habit of snooping around, listening in when Harleth and I were in the living room or in our bedroom. At first it was to find out if we had clocked on to some prank he was preparing or something he’d ruined. Later, he was keen to know if we were thinking of making him see a specialist, to help straighten out his bouts of anger and violence - tantrums when thwarted, toy cars hammered flat, teddy bears ripped open.”
“You sure had a handful.”
“If his mother hadn’t been so protective, he might have been helped. She paid bitterly for it, but so did we all. To take your life when still under twenty is sad beyond words…”
“I can see you blame yourself,” Gerri ventured.
“I have my part of responsibility in what happened. The only excuse is that there is always a first time, a time when we are confronted with a new situation and have to strive to understand and handle it. And I failed.”
“You can’t change the past. One can only try to avoid making the same mistakes in the future. Don’t berate yourself. Nobody’s life is spotless.”
“Be that as it may…” Jaxon smiled sadly, “But some thoughts are not easy to come to terms with. They haunt you. Anyhow, unfortunately, Timon also heard us talking about Harleth’s life before we met. At moments she was so despondent I tried to get her to speak about what was troubling her. I wondered if someone or something from her past had resurfaced to prey on her. Timon was quick to catch on. Here were secrets, juicy stuff as he found out when going through his mother’s closets and drawers, when she was stretched flat out in an alcoholic stupor. He found mementoes she had kept of old lovers. Quite a few unambiguous messages. Perhaps she preserved them as a protection in case the writer became too possessive, who knows ? There were baubles too, expensive ones, pendants, earrings and unfortunately, a bracelet engraved with the name she then used, Lola.
“What did your son do with all this information ?”
“Went straight online with an old picture of his mother that she had secreted away and her name. Didn’t take long for him to find what he was looking for. I had done my best to clean the Internet of everything concerning her, but here too had failed. There was plenty for him to see and he got a good idea of what she had been up to before our marriage.”
“Was it a shock for him ?”
“I can’t really say. But he made good use of his knowledge, in a sly way, of course. Whenever he wanted to get at her, he would bring up his deformity and hint at it being caused by unclean thoughts or promiscuity.”
“He had a lever and made use of it.” Gerri put in.
“Sure enough, and around that time, when I got home, he would take advantage of my being alone in the living room or the kitchen to let drop that there had been at least three weird phone calls that day. At first, I didn’t catch on. People often dial the wrong number and don’t take the trouble to apologize. But then he mentioned a man’s voice asking for some woman, with a name like Lala…That got to me. I worried that Harleth’s past was coming back to haunt us.”
“Did you mention these calls to your wife ?”
“No, she was already unsteady enough. Thinking back, I believe he was disappointed I didn’t. He thrived on friction and strife. Unknowingly, he had prepared me to accept the idea that Harleth had left with a man when she eventually disappeared from our home.”
Jaxon suddenly stopped speaking. Night had fallen around them. Gerri inched closer. So far, he’d been moving in ever tighter circles around the truth of what had happened to his wife, and now he’d reached the crux. Feeling her right next to him, he put an arm around her shoulders, held her tightly and looked intently at her, “Do you really want to hear this ? There is still time for you to walk away from this mess.”
“I’m not walking away.” Her voice was firm. “Whatever it is, it will lose its potency as soon as it leaves your lips and is shared.”
“Well, I hope you are right. If anybody is up to hearing this, it’s you.” His grip on her shoulder intensified as he took a deep breath. “One thing Harleth couldn’t not stomach, was cruelty towards animals. I often thought the intensity of her hatred for those who hurt animals was due to her identifying with their powerlessness, a feeling she must have housed for all those years as a child exploited by greedy and messed up adults. Timon spent quite a lot of time outside and we naively thought he was playing on his swing or with a ball in the garden. As you can see the lawns are extensive and there are clusters of bushes here and there, where the woodlands are trying to reconquer the land. Opposite where we are sitting now, concealed from view, there are the remains of an old stone house. Only three walls are left. And that was the place where my son spent many an hour, torturing and cutting up any animal he managed to catch.”
“He used traps to catch them ?”
“Built them himself. Raided the fridge for bait with no one being the wiser…”
“Did your wife ever come upon him ?”
“One fateful day, she did. He’d broken her favorite vase. She’d skidded on the pool of water it had left on the floor when entering the dining room and hurt herself badly landing against the edge of the table. Not finding him in the house, she decided to catch him outside, and that’s when she discovered his little secret, how he kept busy out in that secluded spot.”
“She must have lost it…”
“She did. His surprise at the horror and disgust on her face as she confronted him could still be heard in his muted voice all these years later.”
“What was he doing ?”
“He’d stitched two squirrels together and was watching them totter around in circles, clawing at each other.”
“That’s sick !” 
“Here was her angelic boy laughing at the poor creatures’ endeavors, surrounded by a number of dead mice and a neighborhood cat nailed to a plank, awaiting some special treatment his sick mind would cook up for it. She rushed towards him, arms outstretched, hands like claws, and for the very first time he felt fear. Yesterday, he stopped speaking for a while, as if reliving the scene with relish, savoring that rare emotion.”
Gerri reached up and seizing Jaxon’s hand resting on her shoulder, snuggled up closer and waited. They were now surrounded by shadows, insulated from the world. What she was about to learn would be upsetting but also a relief. She would never again torture herself wondering if Jaxon was responsible for his wife’s disappearance. Through the thin material of her shirt, she felt his warmth as his hold on her tightened. They remained thus, poised on a threshold, breathing as one until, lightly touching her head with his lips, he resumed speaking.
“He sprang up as she rushed over to him and head down, sent her flying backwards. I told you he was in a low enclosure. Her head struck the edge of the stone wall and she cracked her skull, or broke her neck. He wasn’t sure. But after a while of shaking her and slapping her face, he realized she was dead.”
“It was a kind of accident, then,” Gerri put in.
“We will never know what intention or emotion was behind his move. Or even if he was telling me the truth last night. Was he conscious that thrusting her back like that could maim or kill her ? Jokingly, he just told me ‘I saw red…’ which could have referred to the color of her dress. However, the detachment and cunning with which he then proceeded speaks volumes.”
“He hid her body in that cave !”
Jaxon nodded. “He fetched his bike and the little trailer he could attach to it and managed to wedge her in. Remember, she was constantly dieting and quite light. Then, after covering his haul with an old piece of tarpaulin, he set off, heading for the hills. He must have explored them on his own, otherwise I don’t see how he could have had knowledge of that cave. He remembers the uphill bit being tough. He had to get down and push the bike, but he reached his goal and dragged her, his mother, to the back of that cave. Don’t believe the stones he placed on the body were an act of piety. No, he didn’t want wild animals carting out remains and scattering them around for people to stumble over.”
“And when you got back that day, he showed no signs of what had gone on ? He didn’t betray anything ?”
“Ever so cool. When Harleth was nowhere to be seen in the house, although her car sat in the drive, I asked him if he knew where she was. He was as usual busy playing one of his video games and barely looked up. ‘Probably out shopping’ he said. When I remarked that her car hadn’t moved, he looked up for a moment, frowning. ‘Come to think of it, a car did drive up. She’s probably off with one of her buddies’!’ That sounded weird as she had very few women friends.”
“You suspected she had left with one of her old admirers ?”
“Admirer is a polite word for what they were.” Jaxon’s voice was bitter. “After 24 hours I alerted the police. They weren’t too hot to investigate. She was a grown woman, free to do as she pleased. They suspected we’d had a fight and she had upped and gone, too angry to even pack a suitcase, to be back shortly when I’d learned my lesson. When I told them her passport and credit cards had vanished, they seemed to think it confirmed their hypothesis.”
“It does make a kind of sense.”
“It got me wondering too. But with time it became clear that nobody was using her cards. Which I now know was to be expected. Timon had burned the lot somewhere in the forest on his way back from his macabre trip.”
“Didn’t the card business make the police suspicious ?”
“When they checked my wife out, they came upon her unsavory past and told me she had probably fled with some well-heeled sugar daddy. Nevertheless, under all their cavalier attitude there ran a current of suspicion. I was summoned every two months and asked to go over my story again. One detective in particular had me in his sights. I later learned his daughter had been murdered by her husband who claimed she had just walked out on the marriage. Her body was found in the well of an abandoned farmstead, not far from where the husband worked. That guy shows up at Neozymes every now and again.” Jaxon sighed heavily.
“I believe I’ve seen him. Short, squat, with a bulldog face”
“If he could, he’d shake me around like a dog with a ragdoll. If I didn’t have Timon’s signed confession, I would be in a lot of trouble when I reveal to the police where the remains of my wife rest.”
Gerri thought for a while. “What do you think prompted your son make such a move before killing himself ? Was it love ?”
“Love for his mother and a wish to see her remains respectfully laid to rest ? Or love for me, freeing me from the mantel of suspicion I have been living under for so many years ?”
“Or love for both of you ?” Gerri suggested. “Love takes away some of your personal freedom and there is often a thin line between love and hate.”
She was now wrapped in Jaxon’s arms, his chin resting on her head. She felt the vibrations of his voice as he spoke. “You’ll have to teach me to see the world through your eyes, Geraldine. To have faith in tomorrow.”
“I will,” she answered before seeking his lips. It was a long sweet kiss. When they drew apart, they stretched out on the blankets, and closely linked, drew the duvets over them. It was a time for tenderness, a time to slowly approach each other. with the promise of love. A time to let the starry heavens above them carry away the past.

When Jaxon opened his eyes, the sun was just rising, energizing the sky with its vibrant hues. He turned to Gerri who was awake and smiling. They both sat up and, clasped together, basked in the radiant glory of the morning. Both knew it was the dawn of a new beginning.


The End
