Redman Winds
By D. Harvey Hettrick



Smashwords Edition
Copyright © 2012 by D. Harvey Hettrick

Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Chapter 1


He sat not alone in a bar dimly lit by candle light. The dress code appeared to be formal he was wearing one of his finest Armani suit. He was not alone but with someone he was unfamiliar with. The bar was crowded though no one spoke or he couldn’t hear even the murmur of a whispered voice. The only thing he could hear was his own heart beat and even it was off, at first too fast then slow and unsteady. The man stroking his long white beard across the table from him could have come out of an “old spice” commercial or that “Old man in the sea” story. The beard the face hardened by time, the corn pipe the man was a sailor or fisherman by the looks of him, Jay didn’t know that type of person. “Jay” (as in Jason Sutton) the old man spoke breaking the silence of the dream, the bar sprung to life. Not with specific noise, but the concussion of voices that normally filed the air by a crowd such as this one. He no longer knew he was dreaming and what did that matter, one was as good as the other in a mind’s eye. “Jay, you alright?” the old man sounded merely concerned not worried not at all in fact now that Jay had not responded, Jay had no thought of responding, didn’t know what to say, wasn’t sure he could get a word out. As if no response was what the old man suspected and answered an unasked question to begin with “Thee hasn’t begun yet, Eyi can see that, tally no more Jay time is short”, the man’s voice edged toward anger but the obvious years that scared his face held his tongue and sneered instead. “Tally no more Jay” this time the old man’s voice came out in an evil hiss or the sigh for the ages. Either way it was unsettling.
On his own name Jason Sutton woke fighting sleeps last grasps for him, rubbed his eyes till he got sparks. “Jay, Jay, you alright?” “I think…so”, he managed and realized 
Now that his body was thick with sweat coating the sheets with water mark, which happened to wake the woman next to him. His wife Claire, had he ever lucked out in his life, it was with her that luck resided. She could have been, no should have been a model, agents were in no short supply, however she refused them all for this again he counted himself lucky he doubted he would relish the idea of sharing her with the world. 
She was rich for sure, she was gorgeous even a blind man could feel the curves and get an erection, neither impressed him (maybe a little) again he counted it as luck, what did impress him she didn’t care. She knew of course that she was rich, she had how many bank accounts with how much and who cares, she knew she was gorgeous many woman are, her heart was what he loved most (alright at least in polite company that is).
She gave to charities so many zeros Jay surmised that if her hand writing were any larger she wouldn’t be able to fit them all in there. He mentioned jokingly of course to her but only once - her eyes crinkled just a bit off even though she smiled he realized that he had stepped one tiny toe in the wrong direction though she excused it as the joke it was meant to be he knew better then to every bring it up again. It was her money anyway - given to her by a long line of wealthy family after family member old money - bootleg money likely due to the time line, but no one ever mentioned it. She could give it all away if she liked as long as she stayed by his side he’d still call himself the luckiest man alive.
“Want to tell me about it?” her voice was satin, it caressed the air even its somewhat startled state. “About what?” he felt guilty for something, perhaps the lie he hadn’t realized he spoke out loud. “The nightmare, geesh you screamed and well…maybe you’d like to take a shower before I fucking puke!” “Mouth on you darling” her eye’s crinkled playfully asking “the sheets are dirty anyway, so you want to come get some then take that shower?” He could have been drunk or stoned or in a comma and the answer which he didn’t have time to speak out loud would’ve been the same “why am I even thinking”.
After their moment between the sheets you couldn’t call it “love making” it was way too dirty for the likes of that phrase, it wasn’t “sex” the word was too bland for them and “fucking” maybe a tad bit rude for their society status. She shoved him toward the shower and followed him in. “So what was it?” Jay wasn’t the brightest “The dream Hun, I’d love to hear it.” Jay lathered up and cleared his throat…”It’s late”, “Oh, a scary one” she metaphorically felt the goose bumps the hot shower would not let one pop, though she scanned her right arm for one. Her naked body she pressed lightly against his back he could feel her nipples harden with excitement no doubt (yes even in the hot shower) she whispered her silky sexiest voice in a long drawn out sigh so he could feel every sensual syllable “I’ll have your nightmare”
Nothing excited her more than a great story, a nightmare her absolute favorite and he could spell them out with his own tongue that she enjoyed in more ways than one. She could never remember her own nightmares, only knew she had them, and didn’t have the story telling ability Jay had, though she never will admit it she actually got off one time while Jay whispered one in her ears. For that reason Jay suspects is why she is with him. She knew how to get what she wanted his will would not last another moment longer and with no one to blame him. He cleared his throat again not to warn her but to simply clear his own head, the both of them. “It’s just that it wasn’t” he sounded a bit disturbed and she drew him closer sliding her full body against him, she backed off just a bit and he felt her lean in. “Don’t jerk my chain or you’ll lose yours”. Yet again he cleared his throat “Darling if you think…”her gentle hold tightened and his eyes widened a hair “If I never saw your bank accounts I’d think less…” she tightened his retort from his throat. “I’m out I give” she loosened her grip but did not relinquish control of the tool to its proper owner. If the fool wished to have it back then he’d come clean, she thought. “It scared the shit out of you, now out with it” her attempt at vulgarity was amusing her attempt in itself was giving him reason to smile. He tried to turn toward her “Ah I will have no tricks from you, now spill”. Calmly with a pleading edge to his voice he spilled with as much dark detail as he knew she would love, he knew she would close her eyes to get the full effect and as he finished with “Tally no more Jay”, she squeezed, his hands went up as if surrendering to the men in blue “honest that was that and then you” the word “you” was as dark as he could make it, which thrilled her, he spun, she lost control of the tool for the moment and only that moment he plunged it deep inside her as he braced her against the tiled shower “LIAR!” then amusingly “more, more” in reference to the story or the 
Fucking it didn’t matter to him.
The house had glamour, but with her money it could have been twice the size with dozens of servants, eat shit, fuck you could do that in any Motel 6 or cheep rat ridden hotel was her explanation. At this height of society the world was a play thing and she’d have her fun with as much of it as her heart could take. The story teller being one of the play things, she wondered if she would ever tire of his stories probably not, she never gave it much thought he was just that good, and not bad in other areas as well. She gave it some thought if she was being honest with herself, but once he started spelling out his nightmares with his silver tongue and dark detail she became addicted. He was handsome sure but how many before him where? There’d be plenty after as well, his story tellers tongue she would keep. She loved him plenty as much as young hearts can love and the fucking was of the teeth shattering variety however she had been cheated last night
“Morning Liar”. He was tired and worn out even at the late morning hour, “morning whore” they joked constantly but he was off today, not sensing her pissy although joking mood. “Why won’t you tell me?” she pouted with a child’s heart while chewing obnoxiously at her breakfast, who knew pancakes could be chewed so loudly. He waved his arms to warn off the invisible cobwebs “I did…not sense Fallen Bay have I ever” he was mumbling to himself but she heard “Oh Fallen Bay! give me give me…” she begged like a child throwing a temper tantrum till the adult gave her what she wanted, she craved his book…thick…gory…scary she loved it. 
It turned out to be his only work that he had published so far, it was a huge success, but time was running thin on a follow up, lucky she confessed to herself she doubted she would like the idea of sharing his mind with the rest of the world, after all he was hers, which meant the nightmares belonged to her as well. After meeting with the great success with “Fallen Bay” he basically retired from writing, but still dabbled and was now pursuing the legal field he had the time and she had the resources. He threw the paper back to her it thudded at her feet against the hardwood floor. Jay was hardly ever lost in thought the way he seemed today, not sense “Fallen Bay” it came out as a question. “You want to write again don’t you, I mean really write?” She wasn’t sure if she liked the idea, not at all and apparently neither did he “No…No…Probably not” “What do you want to do today?” she wanted to play that voice told him and why not. “Westport?” a small pause caught in his throat “I want to smell the salt in the air, hear the waves” he was back to semi normal enough for her not to care where his mind was just at. “Boring” she pouted comically “that’s not very exciting”, “how about just long enough for an ice-cream cone”. Her eyes lit up “Yeah!” she had a heart of a child and the sensuality of a whore a bizarre but powerful combination. The book forgotten and the breakfast left unfinished she scurried up the stairs to prepare for the day. He scratched his nuts stretched and went over to pick up the book “hmmm Fallen Bay” he looked at wontedly his greatest effort and best work can’t have one without the other, he thought. He heard the pop of the stereo “No more Mr. Nice guy No more Mr. Clean!” “Alice Cooper really? Too early Hun!” she ignored him and turned the stereo up a notch; she could be such a child at times. The stereo snapped off after a few minutes and she bounded skipping down the stairs in blue tight shorts and a white fitted t, he wondered how he ever left the house without an erection. “Tally ho, sailor man” she yelled. He heard it both separate but together the combination sent a shiver down his spine “tally no more” the voice he heard not of the tight outfitted beauty queen but that of the “old spice” man sneering.
They took the Shelby Cobra CSX2000 a sweet smooth fast ride. The needle edge to 106 she had her bare feet propped up against the dashboard, a tune by John Cougar Meloncamp, back when the cougar was still part of the name poured off the stereo, she closed her eyes and soaked up the sun getting an early jump on the tan. He smiled he was lucky for sure, he recalled when he first laid eyes on her in person anyone whose anyone knows the former Ms. Miller. He was a struggling writer barely making ends meet working a 9 to 5 during the day and writing every minute he wasn’t. He had a writers mind no doubt it consumed his free time. He finally found himself ready to take the big chance. Let it ride all on “Fallen Bay”, he took out a small business loan he knew he’d never pay back, not unless “Fallen Bay” nailed it right. At his very first book signing she was there, first in line the small crowd noticed her immediately; she had been in the news as recently as 2 days ago, giving countless money to some worthy charity. She smiled at the little crowd that now seemed more wrapped around her, then caring about his book; she signed a few autographs if it bothered her to do so she never showed it even in the slightest way. As he was getting on edge (this was his signing after all, let her get her own), she waved off her admirers pleasantly enough, turned with a brand new “Fallen Bay” in her hand. She seemed taken aback by his youth though not much her junior and meeting her new favorite author stole her voice for a moment. She coughed “Can you sign it, Love Jason Sutton” she smiled and when she did so he had forgotten his smirking comment about stealing his thunder, her beauty did that often to a man. “Why Ms. Miller, we hardly know each other” a crooked grin slipped from his lips as he signed the way she pleased. “We can change that, how’s lunch?” she blushed, but immediately sounded somewhat business like, though off as it was pouring from her mouth how could he refuse. She was like a hurricane the love affair he took for a quick fling was anything but. After a short month of dating he moved in, after 2 months of that they were married. He waited for the boot to drop on his ass. Luck has a tendency to grow thin and you can never trust it, the best he could do is except his good fortune. The seed would always be planted though “this can’t last forever, I’m just not that lucky”.
The smell of the Ocean reminded him why he was here in the first place, and for that he didn’t quite know, not for sure anyway. “Fallen Bay” was the key as much as the “old spice” guy was. They were connected somehow. Fallen Bay was almost verbatim of a nightmare he had, Demons, Saints, priest and Jacob P. Scatter. Once he’d awaken from the nightmare he hit the lap top and from 1:00 am. to midnight the following he wrote with a feverish passion (with the help of five high energy drinks and a few pots of black coffee), he had to get it all out while it consumed him. He wrote three quarters of it that night it took three months to edit high energy writing came out too fast, the final work was a master piece his finest that’s why he took the chance, he took the first agent who’d have him, the reviews were decent and the dating of the hurricane Ms. Miller didn’t hurt. It happened so fast he could hardly register the fact that he was published. Dating her diluted it, as if it not for her he’d probably be bankrupt (which probably would have been the case) he wasn’t jealous but he had put the work into it. If it wasn’t jealousy then what was it, just annoying he surmised. If he just started dating her first he could have not wasted the time on Fallen Bay and thrown any of the other manuscripts at an agent and they would have eaten it up. Why did it bother him, he reaped the rewards, it just did but to no great extent it was just there.
The dream about the “old spice” man was the confusing part. Who was he? What was he telling him to do and apparently time was running short. Claire woke him up from what she called a “nightmare” though he remembered with great clarity the stuttering off beat rhythm of his heart he seemed not to be in any grave danger in this particular dream, though his body’s reaction told him differently.
He shook the thoughts from his mind as he pulled into Westport past the little train station that he’d never seen operating, due to the cleanliness he could assume it did at least from time to time. Fallen Bay had a train station like that as well; this one didn’t appear to be evil, though life imitates art or is it the other way around. He probably was thinking of this train station take something pure and innocent and twist it apart was one of his favorite types of writers mind as he likes to call it. 
She felt the car decelerate “you owe me a trip to Vegas” she mumbled half asleep her eye’s still shut. “I didn’t want to go to Rio just to smell the Ocean breeze., “Vegas” she smiled “you’re getting your ice-cream cone aren’t you?” she stretched her arms up in a V making her breasts pop ever so slightly more. A jogger happening by stumbled, but regained control of himself before smacking face first into the sidewalk. “Put those away, you’re going to hurt someone”, “These?” she squeezed her arms in front of her doubling their size, they left the once jogger now bystander behind still gawking, probably drooling. “Jealous?”, “Of what? the heart attack that kid probably had or the semi he surely has?” he saw it was in no way the reaction she wanted “should I go back and run him over, he’s still probably standing there where you rudely…” she smiled liking this reaction much better “That’s alright poor kid never saw it coming..Bang…bang” she shot her tits off first the right then the left “not his fault, girls are especially perky today.”
At 3:08 he pulled into a small parking space in front of “Ice-Cream Parlor” the speed fed adrenaline leaving his body being replaced by the quite atmosphere of the little town. “Even time seems to lean here, it’s too slow”, she grumbled. “Shots?” “And a cherry on top please!” “Cherry on a cone?” he rolls his eyes. As he entered the parlor she sat on the back of the car feet dangling into the back seat, head tilted back letting the sun warm the guns. “Miss is that a Shelby Cobra?” a young’en and a few of his car enthusiasts obviously with a good eye, maybe not two good ones though unamused at being over looked. “Yup” the P making a hard bubble gum pop, still with her eyes closed, but no longer in her sunbathing mood. Jay exited the Ice Cream Parlor as one of the boys looked up to her and nudged his friend to look in her direction. She felt it and grind a bit for their benefit. “Claire, they only had chocolate shots”, “Hey aren’t you wait Jason something…the writer, yah Sutton”, “Yup” making the same hard bubble gum pop on the P. “Dude I told you that’s Ms. Miller” the boy tried to sidebar his friend but the nerves forced the volume a little higher then intended. There was that feeling again, they were kids, let them get their spank banks filled and shove’m on their way. “Can you sign my board Mr. Sutton, you too Ms. Miller”, “That’s Ms. Sutton”. “Sure kid got a pen?” Jay drew out the elongated J and handed the board and pen to Claire she signed then kissed the board for good luck marking the board with her lip stick, and handed it back to the kid. “Way cool guys thanks”. The lucky recipient kept showing the board to his buddies opting not to smug the signatures by riding it. “Don’t tell me I have to run these guys down too?” he smirked and rolled his eyes. The kids got to the street, she hopped off the car to the pavement below, the kids trying to steal peaks back in her direction, and so she waved her little fingers at them. “You know you’ll be in their dreams for about a month, I can actually see them sketch you into their pee brains” she seductively licked her cone “You are jealous” “When I got you for real? You’re joking right?” “Jealous” this time a statement not a question her incredible smile filling her face “let’s walk I gotta stretch out my legs.”
They walked in the direction of the beach in silence for a few blocks “So it really doesn’t bother you?” she threw a thumb back in the general direction of the kids. He simply shook his head from side to side enjoying his cone not wanting to have this conversation again. It was the quickest way to ruin an excellent day. He’d come so attuned to her he felt her mood slip. “If you were giving them a lap dance now yeah that would bother me”, “so I could make you jealous?”, “I’m not an emotional mute, but those kids?” They walked a few more blocks dropping that conversation. The smell of the ocean growing deeper in their nostrils. “Did you want to go all the way to the beach?” He looked undetermined turned to judge just how far they had walked the Ice Cream Parlor already completely out of view and shrugged and kept walking. “I have the essentials so it’s fine by me.” She carried a small beach bag swung casually over her left shoulder and swung to show him, she’d made the effort to enjoy the day and he grind “Sure why not?” As he glanced at his watch she dug into her bag threw on her sunglasses and spoke into her cell phone. “Gin and Tonic for two please.” She rose an eye brow at him “sounds good to me.” Anchors Resort was where they stayed whenever he wanted salt in his life, this wasn’t the first time so they had a standing reservation for whenever the mood struck him. Within a mile of the resort a young servant no older then the fan earlier rushed and took her bag, they were checked in before they reached the front entrance. “you know I’m actually enjoying myself the sun is re-charging me” she spoke arms spread wide and spinning around letting the sun hit every part of her body it did really feel nice. 

Exactly two minutes after they sat in their prepared beach chairs accompanied of course with the umbrella tucked away in their semi-private spot the drinks came. His gin and tonic in a short rounded glass hers in some fancier styled champagne crystal perhaps. He lathered her with sun tan lotion glancing to the ocean. There were a million better beaches then this one, the god awful need to smell the ocean breeze clawed at him from the inside out, none of those other beaches were close enough to rid him of the nagging neck stiffening need to smell the salt in the air. Now that the need had been fed just the neck seemed to be bothering him he rubbed it roughly. She tossed him a bottle with a prescription label on it. One of those with a dozen or so side effects if one was impotence he’d toss them, nope just death that’ll do. “I suppose a neck rub is out of the question?” She squirmed from head to toe sinking deeper into her cushion “Night, night”.
He knew he was supposed to be here at this particular beach every inch of him told him so; he just didn’t have a clue as to the why. He wasn’t as prepared as she was; he glanced at her beach bag “Fallen Bay” roughly used copy sticking partially out amongst the other beach requirements. Nothing but nothing seemed to be going on here it was dead quite the silence thick in the air. Giving up he returned to his lounge chair took a couple of long sips from his drink and sank back into his chair. The first movement of the day aside from her flipping and flopping to get every inch of her exposed body tan was a couple of guys tossing a Frisbee. He half expected it to land inches from her chair as neither seemed to be paying much attention to the lackadaisical game. The métier de’ returned to freshen his glass “newspaper sir?” the métier de’ had one New York Times tucked under one arm ready to produce it at a moment’s request. Outside of the Times decent review of Fallen Bay he couldn’t stand any form of news. The only good news in there would have their names attached to it; he bit at the edge of anger that tipped into his otherwise peaceful afternoon. “I’m good thanks” as the métier de’ handed him his third gin and tonic he caught the bottom articles picture. He snatched the paper from the bewildered guy “Tom”, he knew the kid enough, seemed like a good kid, “sorry, here” he slipped Tom a fifty dollar bill. “Thanks Mr., I mean”, “I told you Jay is fine right?” Forgetting the article for the moment “It’s alright Tom, can you leave orders not to disturb us for about an hour?” “Sure thing” Kid was eager to please, and off he went. She heard the newspaper ruffle and her once laid back mood tightened immediately. The Frisbee tossers long gone after getting the eye full and more than an ear shot away from any Resort patrons he slapped the newspaper against her ass. His blood boiled, she waited for the hurricane to blow, Jay’s anger one if his only true faults scared her it made him “real” that’s the only way she could describe it to herself, she knew it was justified in many cases, such as this one and as long as it wasn’t directed at her, she’d ride out the storm. “I know” she whispered to the cushion under her face, it sounded worried but not angry and not worried for the right reason and why the hell wasn’t she pissed off as all hell. “You didn’t tell me why?” she gave him a cocked head and why do you think dill hole look. . “Beside the point” his voice raised an octave he straddled the lounge chair feet planted in the sand newspaper now laying where his feet would be if the newspaper never came. “It’s only…money” the pause was almost inaudible but he caught it. “Your money right, fine it’s yours every last dime, why aren’t you pissed off?” “I knew it” he finished up but mostly to the paper and himself “going to tell me I told you so? She caught a wave of his anger and was rocking one herself how dare he? She was all business now she was always two woman no more no less one a child who could and would play with everything and one shrewd business woman you didn’t want to fuck with (phigeratively). They never had this argument anymore, she knew the money wasn’t the real issue, but it still stung to momentarily believe it was and regretted this from the start. “He’s going to jail” she said diffusing herself and hopefully him in the process, but that type of hope was only wishful she knew this was going to continue. “Jail! Jail?!” Like the word had lost all meaning and tasted like crap in his mouth. His passion yes it was his passion that fueled his anger she loved that about him often she wondered about a child born to the two of them with his passion and heart and her stunning good looks the kid would be a dream come true. “We didn’t…” “To hell with that we might as well have!” she was brought up proper and clean though she had picked up his unfashionable way of speaking his was dark hatred that one could feel in the air they breathed around him. She tried pleading “What else can we do…” suddenly and completely he stopped the silence it brought teetered on the edge of insanity he could toss his lounge chair into the ocean or he could curse like the worst drunken sailor he could he could smile? She repeated first to herself then out loud “what else could we do?” It became a question she asked herself. He jumped up as if a crab had bit him on the ass and quickly called for Tom to come quickly. “You are the most amazing woman I’ve ever met” he grabbed her hand and stood her up. He began to dance in the spot he stood, and then picked her up “amazing!” “I believe you” Tom walked at a quick pace the correct way for a métier de’ a respectful haste. “Fuck that Tom; get your scrawny ass over here!” Jay was laughing as Tom reached them, a little smile of his own crept to his face over Jay’s new attitude but for no other particular reason he didn’t have a clue what was going on it just fit the scene. “What, wat can I do for you Jay?” If it was possible Jays face lit up even more he was riding at a very extremely great height a crash from there would end anyone. 



Chapter 2

PETER 


Peter G. Alphonso (if that is his true god given name) sat in his well kept gray cell. The bed tightly made though not by his own hands, crosses hung on the cells bars that no one dared to touch. Everything sparkled and neatly stowed away in its proper place. It was a cell of a highly respected man. A man a life time ago the world learned to fear sat meticulously fixing a single red rose. Time had caught up with Peter Alphonso, Peter Giagario, Peter Silverman the last name changed as often as it suited a purpose, but Peter it was always Peter, it was the name of a Saint after all. Painstakingly Peter placed the rose into its proper place at the proper angle, at the proper height in the vase. When the guard taped lightly as not to disturb the cross that hung “Lawyer to see you” “Ah, yes there you go” as the rose fell exactly where he’d meant it to. Tap tap…”John I maybe be 72 years old but still have two good ones, you know that, now if you want me to redo this rose that has pestered me all morning”, “Said it was urgent that’s all” John was new to the prison but got word real fast on the proper etiquette with Peter and how he was to be handled (Peter could make life very difficult in the cell), but John still only saw a mass murder a mafia king pin, someone who belonged here. John would still play the game, it was a good job and he loved it. Peter stood with much care given to his tired bones “Yes urgent let me run” and Peter smiled at John as he faked a high speed run for the cells door. “My apologies sir, the man seemed very pressed.” Peter simply patted John on the head, John felt like five years old when the old man did that and Peter took Johns arm. “My legs aren’t as willing and young as the heart I’m afraid”. Peter truly couldn’t care less about another fools attorney and more suspiciously none had reason to be here his parole had already been denied (of which he was supremely happy in regards to).
A man of mid 30s sat at the conference table his lawyerly gear spread about the table ready for his feeble signature still in Johns arm released the one attached to John and made the sign of the cross in front of him. “Shoo shoo, go away demons” John chuckled for he knew the old man’s tolerance with such proceedings or in this case intolerance for them. John escorted Peter to his seat “that’ll be all John, thank you”, “If there’s anything you need” The young man was amused especially since the courtesy was never extended his way. Peter made an invisible bell and tinkled it into the air and brushed John away. The young stud just watched it all calculating something and smiling.
“Mr. Redman I presume” It wasn’t a question that required an answer it was a statement of truth with little doubt of its authenticity. “How could you possibly” It was a question that he didn’t think he would get an answer he’d want to hear. Redman kept his coming and goings to the bare few that knew his real name and those people could not be bought they were already purchased at a very high price. “Redman…I like that Redman it is and may I call you Peter?” “Was the one give to me at birth” Peter made the sign of the cross. “You see Peter my (he struggled for a good enough way to put it) legal team has a problem” If anyone was taping this conversation outside of himself that is, it sounded legal enough to him and he knew a thing or two about the law.
He’d been at this for years, five to be exact; it was the wirily keen old man, once feared by many that gave him reason to pause. Such a man was beyond his years to help and how much power could still be bestowed on him at this point and by the looks of things there wasn’t much time left ‘god let there be enough time’. His information sketchy at best and absolute the best, he could not have gotten any better maybe, maybe it wasn’t. Peter let out a smirkly laugh as if he knew exactly what Redman’s blank face and fumbling hands indicated. They were both wrong. Redman reached for his brief case pressed up against his left leg, always touching always within reach, it felt safe, felt right against him. John bidding his time peaked over at the movement and then he was gone. A situation was brewing Peter knew all too well when someone left a room there was something going on. “John’s a good one” Redman sighed “there aren’t many left I’m afraid”, “Is he now?” Peter felt the edge of the new conversation carefully. “My manners Mr. Alphonso, you should have me dealt with” the abrupt brutality of the honesty pushed at Peter’s insides yes something changed indeed. The brief case leather black and of high quality was brought to the table top. It was like any other brief case any attorney in the world might own after sir attorney passed the bar exam that is. Aside from the twelve digit combination that is. Redman turned the knobs slowly one by one, as if time hadn’t been pressed anymore or as if it ever had been in the first place. After the first three digits clicked into place Peter knew exactly why Redman was here. The effort Redman used to slow the old man to get him rattled was a wasted effort. As the twelfth digit knob clicked the locking mechanism flipped in an amplified manner. Redman took out the New York Times and a box of chocolates the best the state had to offer. “Interesting combination”, “It serves its purpose, valuable things need to be kept safe”. The newspaper was secondary and wasn’t necessary but then again in the past it had asked the question that couldn’t be spoken. The weight of the world this conversation rested on the answer if he had to Redman had one more ace in the hole, which he wouldn’t use unless he was out right refused. “Our problem Mr. Alphonso, can it be fixed?” handing the chocolates to the old man before the answer was given seemed honest. “My favorite, not many know”, “Wild guess, most love them”, “Unlikely” The old man unwrapped one slowly now dragging on Redman’s nerves (with a little better outcome). “Our issue Mr…”, “Patience Mr. Redman it’s a virtue”. The old man just sat there chewing on a chocolate, Redman was about to reach raised the table and strangle the answer out of him, the right answer. Redman knew he could, but decided yes indeed this was the right man for the job. “He’s going to walk, but you know that!” Redman went to the brief case for its only piece of valuable left, a cassette. It wasn’t in Peters nature to help a vigilante bent on revenge and the issue as Mr. Redman called it was difficult to say the least, not impossible, but difficult, but it felt personal and personal issues Peter did not involve himself in. “An eye for an eye is all I’m asking” damn it, times short and this conversation swayed toward the need for the cassette he struggled internally against the need to pop the cassette in. “That’s the lords eye not yours Mr. Redman”, the weight upon his shoulders dragged his head down his hand slowly reached down to the cassette one last effort then it would have to go in “It’s your rule not mine”, “tis yours just as well, you guys started it” Peter would not take full credit but he did love the rule so. It wasn’t the eye for an eye rule, it was the other one, the one true law amongst the lawless, one punishable beyond all others, and the cassette was in the playing device. “I just wanted it carried out, make sure what’s got to be done is done”. The old man barely said a word but was directing the conversation probably from the beginning, damn the old man, damn him straight to hell for making me do this, Redman clicks the play button, he puts his face in his hands the tape he’s heard nearly 100 times he knows it in the deepest part of his soul and with all that Redman could not hold back all his angst against using and hearing it. With all of that Redman could be heard holding his breath before the first sound even reached Peters ears. Damn you straight to the fiery pits of hell, Peter.



Chapter 3

JAYS PAST CATCHES TIME

There was only one man for the job Jason needed done, with the awful deadline he knew was next to impossible. He had wanted to see the wrecking ball crumble the old place to the ground and piss on its remains, but timing wasn’t always on his side he had missed it only by a month. “Cedar Hill Wayward Home” After determining a solution to two of his problems Jason was casually glancing at the now vacant lot lost in the past, he fought with his teeth clenched remembering any bit of it, it was in hell now good there’s at least that. “Hey Mister those shoes will never make it through that mud” crap Jack thought another suit what did I forget this time. Jack Treble was the Forman and owner of a small rag tag construction or destruction company on its last leg fighting title 19. He cut corners at every chance he could get, every place except safety. It’s been 340 days since the last incident so the sign says under the “Treble Construction” site sign. A suit only meant trouble, but this guy only looked… lost. He looked the guy over three times from a distance yup definitely lost. Jack took a big deep breath dusted off his hands onto his carpenter jeans and headed over to the suit. Cranes were moving lumber and dozers dozering up scrap “hey not the safest place for …someone like you”, and handed the suit a white hard hat. “Names Jack Treble” and extended his hand still filthy as it was Jason took it without pause shook it hard and put the helmet on. “Sorry about the intrusion, names Jason, Jason Sutton”. Jack took his time looking the guy over again, knowing now the suit wasn’t trouble. “So what can I do for you?” Jack asked in his best suit voice clean without profanity. “That place that stood there” pointing to the empty place that was his home for 10 years “what happened to it?”, “Cedar Hill? Smashed her down myself last month took a beating on the ole’ wallet but had to do it”, the tempered disgust made Jason think the man had done it with his bare hands “ah” was all Jason could muster he was too far lost in thought for much more. “Hey shit for brains watch the back end!” Jack shouted to one of his operators nearly directly in Jason’s ear. “Good kid just nothing up here, if he wasn’t such a hard worker.” Jason was thankful for the shout and idle chit chat it stopped a disturbing memory and a creepy feeling under his skin. Jason bent to one knee, suit or no suit Jack found this truly peculiar did the suit not fit the man or did the man not fit the suit those were two different thoughts and Jack was curious as all hell, the guy looked god he looked familiar. “Can I do anything for you?” a loud alarm blared three times “Lunch! No NOW!” Jack shouted to his crew. “Look Mr. Sutton, we are going to grab some lunch it aint much but if you want to join us?” never answering Jason just took stride behind Jack “Who owns the lot now?” Jack looked deeper at the guy it couldn’t be, could it? “I got the paper work in the shed” he thumbed up a small incline where a trailer was parked. “Like I said I’d be careful with those shoes”, “I’ve been dirty before no worries”. “Suit yourself” Jack shrugged. They moved inside the trailer, inside was a large desk too big for the room and one file cabinet from a decade or two ago, there were sandwiches obviously homemade and plentiful along with a dozen or so coke bottles. “Sorry for the mess been awhile since we had a clerk around” Jack scoffed at the idea he never had one. It was a disaster with everything in its rightful place. Soon the trailer was packed with Jack’s crew. Eight men and two Jason doubted were old enough to be wearing a hard hat. Something about the clean shaven kid they kept calling “Pube” Jason kept taking a glance at him, one the kid caught “So what ya forget this time Jack?” someone popped Pube in the arm nearly knocking the drink from his hand and Pube took his rightful place in the corner, while the more senior guys grabbed a folded medal chair “Nothing?” Jack shot a glance to Jason answering Pubes question and asking one of his own. A crew member behind Jack started worrying Jason, looked as if the guy was gonna be sick or had seen a horrible accident. One thing for sure was the guy was at least off. “Nothing I’m aware of, just wanted to know who owns the lot.” Pube cleared his throat and was about to answer when he receives another knuckle blow to the exact same spot as before “I need the arm damn it!” Jack fumbled around on his desk, “Hey Bill you know who owns lot #106?” Bill was the off looking guy behind Jack. His eyes were wide now looking at Jason, shot a million questions at Jack with another. Bill looked anxious looked about to explode maybe the guy wasn’t off but on something. Jack grabbed Bills’ arm as he was about to say something. “I mean if it’s no problem, I guess I should have called ahead first” Jason said picking up a vibe he didn’t quite like. “It’s alright Bill” and shook his head, did Jack look disappointed? Bill reluctantly grabbed a sheet of paper off the desk as if he knew exactly where to find it and handed it to Jack. “I hear the Jay’s got them a fine young pitcher”. As Jason took the paperwork from Jack. “Ya not a lot of Jay fans down here”, did he say he was a Blue Jay’s fan? He didn’t think so, how would one even guess such a thing. That small insignificant conversation triggered something deep inside Jason something he didn’t want to surface so swallowed hard “It looks like a Ms. Claire Sutton owns this lot…I guess this is your place Mr. Sutton.” Jason just stared at the paper work, it wasn’t like Claire to hide anything, but he never did inquire too much it was her money after all. A heavy cloud covered the trailer and the dim light cooled the conversation. “Hey Bill do we know a Sutton?” Pube moving from his corner, every eye glared at him and he gave one back. “A lot of no bodies, but no Sutton’s”, “you sure? Sounds familiar to me, maybe I got it wrong then”, “ya kid you got it wrong” Pube buried himself deeper into his corner, at least he tried. “Well thanks” Jason said glancing around definitely something wrong here, but what wrong, he knew he wanted to leave, but couldn’t find the strength. Finally Jason had enough “you guys got work to do, I won’t keep you from it”, “It’s your money Mr. Sutton” which received a few dry chuckles from the crew. Jason stood stretched and headed to the only door, the guys making a path for him, Bill fired a look that screamed “stop him” to Jack and again Jack stifled him with a shack of his head, but when Jason’s hand reached the knob “look out here comes trouble” there was a second part to this chorus. Jason froze, the crew became silent as a church sermon, yes Jason knew the responding chorus line, Christ he wished the shrinks did a better job, and it floated right to the tip of his tongue but had no wish to speak them out load. All these years, all those rotten years at Cedar Hill came flooding into the forefront of his mind. What Jason had forgotten was he was alive and well due to Jack. The man obviously behind him. Jack didn’t want to do it, he had the privilege of knocking the place down (nearly with his bare hands, one drunken night he had actually put his hand through some dry wall, sprained his wrist) the man he just pushed back to those long cold miserable days wouldn’t get that satisfaction but maybe his old friends would be a consolation prize. Jason’s eye’s filled, but refused to let even one of them fall, his vision blurred by his efforts “and his best friend nutton”. The words were barely audible to him but his mouth was forced into the shape of the words. The crew heard it all too well “Welcome home Jay”, Jacks usual formidable voice cracked on each syllable.



Chapter 4

FRUITLESS ATTEMPTS

Mr. Redman sat there with his face in his hands. He use to try to think of box scores or fill his head with some obnoxious question to get through the tape, but there was no way to just bull your way through it no matter how many times you heard it. He didn’t let a tear drop no, not in front of Peter the man he loathed but needed yes he needed Peter above all else. The tape at its last spin clicked off with a pop. The once cool and collected Peter was speechless and was there a note of regret for his prodding Mr. Redman to play the tape, yes regret, the one’s that did require it to be played always regretted hearing it too late now Petey. “She’s being cared for it that sort of thing matters to you her family is trying everything they can”. “Family?” Peter’s voice shallow and remorseful. “She has many aunts and uncles…that child is (smiling) never alone”, “I see”. Peter still listening to Dr. Segula’s interview with Susan a child of seven, though the tape had run its course. Interview was the best Peter could surmise, but couldn’t think of a better fitting word. The child screamed the child cried, the child whimpered one phrase, “Help me Mr. S”. It chilled Peter to the center of his soul; he raised a finger to the tape “this Mr. S…did he”, “if he was there 10 minutes earlier, I wouldn’t need to be here Peter”. He let this sink into Peters brain “Mr. S. stopped further damage, but enough had already been done, he won’t eat, sleep he blames himself, but we do know who is to blame now don’t we Mr. Alphonso?” Peters’ eye’s never left the tape recorder, what he just heard had changed his life to some degree, what was left of it. “Leukemia”, “Yes Mr. Alphonso we know”, “about a month” Peter shrugs “give or take that is”, “he’s out in a week”. Time was running short but it couldn’t be rushed out of Peter. Finally Peter is able to wrestle his eyes from the recorder and settles on looking down at his hands. Redman had him; he just needed a little more prodding of his own.
“Can’t be done” Peter lets out flatly, “if it couldn’t have been, I wouldn’t have wasted my time”. Yes Peter thought of course it could be done, and rightfully so that they ask him, it was his prison, but what was the child to him to waste his final months on god’s green…gray earth. There was the rule and no other deserved its severe punishment as this animal clearly did. His hands wouldn’t get dirty but they all would know he gave the order he’d be watched very carefully, nothing new to Peter. He wrestled with the idea’s pulling him in their respective directions, “he can’t be killed” Redman (with a bit of vile added for good measure) voice dipped lower on the off chance someone was within ear shot, Peter raises his eyebrow “No, we don’t deal in death, just the will to live it”. Surprisingly Peter lets out a quick laugh which Redman doesn’t expect or appreciate “So the elusive Mr. Redman Winds has a middle name, Redman Will Winds, it rolls off the tongue quite nicely don’t you think?”. Peter stands straight in his chair and takes care of his aging bones, as he tries to stand. “We are not finished here Mr. Alphonso!”, “I see our time is up Mr. Redman”. Redman follows Peters glance and see’s two guards approaching from a distant nearly in ear shot. “My answer Mr. Alphonso!” Redman hurries the question “I’ve given it to you.” It was too calm to cold it felt like death to Redman. That was the answer that couldn’t be spoken, he had trained for months to learn that answers aren’t’ in the words. The guards now in ear shot “If you’d just sign your last will and testament our business will be done here.” Peter smiled a crooked head tilt toward Redman “We do deal in Wills Mr. Alphonso” smiling Peter slowly mechanically picks up the pen and scribbles his name on the line “My pleasure Attorney Winds”, “Sorry Mr. Alphonso times up.”
Peter took the guards arm the way he had on the way to this meeting, as Redman packs up his official looking gear. It was legal work alright and the Will would be filed, but not in any court house. Peter had already made up his mind once he saw Mr. Redman, before that in fact; he didn’t need any vigilante to tell him what his job was. He had heard of the tape of the screaming child by many, had he had to hear it for himself just for curiosity sake? Redman, a Mr. Redman, he had word there were a Ms. Redman, a Chicano Redman, a black Redman. All of whom Mr. Alphonso would not hold a conversation with none but a male Caucasian would do it was his upbringing. “They did their homework” he grumbled at the realization he had been studied. This Redman wasn’t willing to play the tape however it was all too easy to persuade the conversation for the absolute need for it. Every time Peter thought of the tape his tainted blood boiled it was his prison such animals did not belong in it “yes the animal will pay dearly…ah” Peter might have lost a step or two at this stage of life, with death staring him in the face but one and two always equals three. They were going to play that tape regardless if he agreed immediately or not. “This is personal no doubt”. Peter now back in his well kept cell admiring his well kept living quarters giving the stink eye to the rose that had dared to budge from its proper place. Touching the rose an admirable foe as it was he thought “I’m done with you, I think it’s time we part ways”. He knew once the rose was removed and past on the order would be carried (they were already chewing at the bits to get it into motion) out for inside the rose barely visible by the naked eye was the number 12. You had to destroy the rose to get to it and spend a good portion of the night looking for it, but it was there. It’s not the number 12; it’s a one and a two first and last number of the target, the first and last number of Mr. Redman’s brief case combination. No two inmates carried the same first or last number, like snowflakes each inmates number unique. He pulled the rose from its vase, a gift from the warden “all things have its place” thinking of the animal and not the well bloomed rose, “and you need to be in yours” again the animal first in his thought.



Chapter 5

TICK TOCK GOES THE CLOCK

“Sorry Jay couldn’t just let you walk out of here” Jack was beyond remorseful; anyone who had done time at Cedar Hill was better off blocking the whole damn thing from their memory banks. Jason still couldn’t speak Jack being one step ahead had enough time to gather himself up enough to speak. “You know most of my crew owes their stinking lives to you…not to mention myself” Jacks revelation broke Jay’s memory spill enough “ya got to be kidding me”. The crew had dispersed after patting Jay on his back even Pube who had only heard the numerous stories his suit jacket smothered in dirty hand prints (which were all too intentional) Jay peered out the only door, Bill the ‘off’ guy was hauling some sort of equipment now that Jay was using the right set of eye’s it dawned on him, Jack laughed when he saw dawn strike Jay’s face “Ya that’s Bill goes by Weller now”. All the last names were a sick sadistic joke and you never left Cedar Hill with your god given name. ‘Trouble’ becomes Treble, as in Jack Treble, ‘Weller’ as in I’m weller then you are, and “nutton becomes Sutton” Jack could barely hold the laugh that dared to escape his throat he turned to hide the smile. “Bastards always said I’d be nutton”, “they were wrong then and it looks like you spent the last 20 years proving them wrong.” “Well I was never as sure as you were, had to hedge my bets on that fact”, Jack couldn’t hold it in any longer and burst out laughing, this time Jay joined him and let his tear ducts over work themselves. “When you left…” Jack wanted to get this part out of the way “another time perhaps, this has already been too much”. Jason didn’t want another time, to be any time soon. “Well, you still aren’t going anywhere, so why did you want to know who owned the lot? I mean didn’t you know?”, “Claire owns it…my wife” Jacks eyes peeled off from the conversation and grabbed a magazine “not Claire Sutton”, as in there was no way that was possible. “What can I say she made an honest man out of me”, Jason’s smile filed his face, not since the marriage had he ever wanted to brag but he was talking to a long lost brother now. “and no, I didn’t know, she owns properties here and there, I wonder how she even keeps track of it all” he waved his hands around then shrugged. “I was actually looking for a place to build” Jay’s eye’s focused on the future landscape out the small window on the door. Jack waited for the rest till he knew Jay would say no more. “I can’t build too much these days, demo is much cheaper but building? I can’t under bid anyone, not with the old equipment out there”. “What if I owned a construction team?” Jason didn’t know he was going to do this, but it sure felt right. “If you already had a team, why’d you hire us?” Jason was looking the trailer up and down turning over pencil cups and tapping the desk to see if it was sturdy, then took Jacks chair…yes this felt right..Right to the core. “What are you …thinking…?” Jack caught on and started shaking his head. “You’d be throwing away your money” “I thought it was my money Mr. Sutton” impersonating Jack poorly. Jack looked at Jason as if he’d lost his mind. “Companies all but bankrupt I won’t let you”, “then I’ll just get it from the bank” and Jason touched the desk as if it was made from the finest oak. “Look Jack tell me you got the right men and let me worry about the money”, “I love you like an older brother Jay so I’ll tell you this it aint happening”. Jason like his gorgeous wife was two people the fun loving play boy and the downright shrewd businessman. “Equipment I can buy I’m looking for a loyal crew” Jay urged. Jack kept shaking his head in disbelief “when did you go crazy?” Jack was contemplating an offer and accepting it, but there was always more to Jay then what he said everything had a purpose back in the unmentionable days and one look at Jay 20 years later and Jack could tell not even time that much time hadn’t changed a thing. “Nothing will change; you’ll run the show, maybe a few new toys to play with” Jay paused starring over to Jack who now had to sit down “worst thing maybe a bill board with my picture on it with a mechanical arm waving at the pedestrians.” A smile a different smile was rising in Jason one imagining the future. Silence filled the trailer, while dancing his finger tips on the desk like Mr. Scrooge with a big shit eaten grin on his face “and the loyalty” Jack knew all too well that could mean anything. “Loyalty” Jack sighed. “Well that’s the whole point don’t you see, I know next to nothing about constructing” Jay’s voice all business now. “I don’t want to be screwed over is all deal with people I can trust.”, “it’s been 20 some odd years” Jack was thinking ‘that’s a long time things change’ “and that erases the 10 years? You know as well as I do that’s not true, if I had a hint that the boy I knew 20 years ago didn’t turn out well, I would have known it in 2 seconds, we’ve only lost the time Jack”. Now it was Jacks turn to imagine the future somehow Jay was convincing him. 



Chapter 6

REDEMPTION

Claire was eating her noisy pancakes which were a quick signal of her mood. He bounced down the stairs in his robe, he’d been bouncing lately even the sex was better by multiples, something was different. She liked different if she was the one dealing it. One minute he was exploding again the reason understandable ‘William T. Sweiter the proprietor of an orphanage who by the way had received a good deal of her money and time had done the unthinkable. Charlene was 7 almost 8 and cute as a button, allegations surfaced after the child took ill, wouldn’t eat could not sleep and was scared to death of Willie. Experts concluded some serious trauma had occurred but with the child incapable of for the most part to speak up Willie was set free on bail and a promise to appear. This she was able to keep from Jay. She had a few deep secrets of her own but nothing bad, basically a need to know basis and Jay didn’t need to know about Willie. What Jay had caught on that fateful day in Connecticut was the aftermath - allegations turned into counts on a trial docket. A former employee had come forward Willie’s computer and his dirty little secrets of child pornography lay before the jury.
“Why won’t you tell me?” she pouted at her pancakes while Jay adding sugar to his coffee “come on! This is the best birthday present of all time” Jay kissed her forehead which was a little crinkled due to her mood. “You don’t even have one if you can believe that, I just hope..”, “hope what” her eye’s danced for any hint even her few close friends had no clue, it was kind of disturbing that Jay could keep a secret. “Nice try…couldn’t torture this out of me” he grinned taking a sip of his coffee. She turns slowly toward him running her manicured finger tips down his leg starting at his waist his robe opening just enough, she slides off her chair away from her pancakes running her warm breath where she had dug her finger tips deep enough to leave a small line. “Who said anything about torture?” she moaned, pouring every syllable into his errection. His eyes rolled back “if you don’t think this isn’t” he never got to finish the thought.
They lay with one single silk sheet between them and the bed her breasts resting against his chest her back exposed down to the curve of her ass. She could feel his exhausted breathing, his fast heartbeat gradually slowing. It wasn’t if Jay was the first man she ever had sex with, maybe the first whoever fucked her. He opened doors to her she was once too proper to even think of let alone practice. She wasn’t sure if he was the largest endowed, as she stroked the member now belonging to her contemplating the idea, but she surely wasn’t complaining it was more than efficient to get the job done. “Do you think I might be a nympho?” she did want it again, but the day was filled up with errands (of her own design but one’s she would never shirk). Jay lay awake enjoying the playful stroking “only if there’s a god who believes in redeeming past injustices” sounding unconvincing even to himself. Jay felt his erection ready itself if he was the first to know she certainly wasn’t far behind. “Well be that as it may, enjoy that …cock” she loved that word it was dirty and sensual and shouldn’t come out of a proper mouth, or in it. She wanted him again that was for certain her body ached for his touch though his hands were just all over her. “What?” Jay sat up on his elbows watching Claire throw on a robe that clung to her body and did nothing to rid him of the problem he’d have to take into his own hands apparently. “Unless I get a hints and I mean a good one, no its bigger then a toaster crap then..” she was hoping it was a bluff he couldn’t see through if he could she would have to follow through with the threat. The business tone she’d used did less than the robe coherent thought was barely attainable. “Finish the current job and we’ll negotiate?” She let the robe fall and gave him the alright you win sigh, “not a chance” he caught the initial tone of ‘this conversation is over’ she bent away from him to retrieve her robe letting him get the best angles. Had it ever been this hard to get what she wanted from a man, she didn’t think so? “You want it just as bad as I do, I can smell it on you” he said pulling himself back against the head board trying to ignore the angles and curves of Claire’s glistening body. “Christ this hard on will never go down”, woman can handle things themselves to you know” he laughed which in turn she knotted her robe nice and tight and headed for the bathroom. “Woman sure, you, you never had to I’ll bet a cool mill of ‘Fallen Bay’ money there’s still about 10 left”. The bathroom door slammed softly. Inside she braced her back against the door, when she recalled the time he took her in this very spot she locked the door against her flailing will. Meanwhile he was looking at his cock to his hand, back and forth he went. “You get one question” ‘ugh I am such a weak man’. She waited to answer him gathering her own strength he cracked first, but let him feel it just a little longer, though she had been biting her bottom lip, coherent thought was difficult for herself so much it felt like a draw. “Hello!” “I’m thinking”, “there’s a time limit here” “not if you want me to come out of here there isn’t” the silk robe caressed her hot body, she rubbed her back against the door trying to slow her excitement her thighs were moist and ready to rap around him. She couldn’t think anymore if she didn’t call her shot now she’d never get the chance again. “Person place or thing?” He made her wait letting her drive herself crazy, he heard her heavy breathing the absorb question it wasn’t as if he wasn’t about to cave and break down the door. He quietly stood and walked to the door “if you don’t answer me, I won’t need your help!” he thought it might be good for her to spend herself at least the once, it sure sounded as if she caught on quickly enough, but where was the fun in that.
“Hate to tell you, but all the above”, “Don’t lie to me!” she screamed ecstasy bridging its final hurdle “all three” she flung the door open her robe lost in the bathroom, they never made it back to the bed. Both sides of the bathroom door now was caked with their thick sweat, she would have to find another hiding place.



Chapter 7

UNFORGIVEN 

With Jack working on part one of his present to Claire (and himself) he busied himself with part II. He needed people the right people for the job the people were the most important. He’d never done an interview from this side of the table and felt awkward the whole time. He knew the basics of what to ask and what to look for well dressed, well mannered and above all else love for the kids. If he could do it himself he would there was just too much pain associated with these places pain he didn’t want another kid to go through. Subconsciously his mind wandered back in time. He would never go there willingly. 
He and his father both in matching Blue Jay caps; Jay was about 7 years old, watching a ball game on a small screen TV. set that didn’t have the best reception he hadn’t a care in the world life was good cross legged on the floor while his dad sat behind him eating his grilled cheese and grapes with side of beer trying to predict which way the batter would hit the ball by the batters stance and angle of bat. His father was hardly right but when he was he’d come out with “see?” and tap his head with his index finger. Dad was a genius.
There was a knock on the door. He had thought he was finished with the interviews for the day, but was infinitely glad for any interruption he could get. “Come in” he sounded tired even to himself he glanced quickly at his watch 4:30 Claire would be on her way home soon from one of her favorite orphanages. The door opened slowly as if the person wasn’t sure if they would enter. Most of his prior interviews came in quick with a hand out to shake before he could get a word in. She came in slowly shyly timid at least. Jay looked at his calendar and ran his hand through a few resumes “you won’t find me in there.” Her voice was soft as a whisper she cleared her throat “I’m sorry to bother you” and she turned to leave more quickly then she had entered. Something he liked in her a feeling, maybe the voice reminded him of … “Please sit can I help you, you look kind of lost” It was obvious she wasn’t prepared for an interview her clothes were fine just not interview fine and she apparently came in empty handed. Reluctantly she sat tried hard to smile, it was forced but Jay appreciated the effort “you see I’ve been out of work for awhile” she chocked down a hard swallow, Jay had, has done that swallowed a bad thought. “Have you tried the unemployment office?” “You see I’ve been unemployed for awhile but when I saw your add for Provider I, I thought it would be what I needed.” Well Jay thought she’s talking and he still liked her, but there was something she wasn’t saying it was there in what little she said. “Do you have any experience?” “No, unless you count caring for my nieces and nephews” then she lit up, her face looking grave a moment earlier came to life in front of him. “Well that helps” Jay knew where to go from there “tell me about them, how many did you say?” “Four, 3 boys 1 girl” her smile grew as she detailed each one by one, their little quirks, their smiles how they lit her life lifted her spirits, the days at the park how they teased her called her ‘Pal’ “I’m sorry my names Louis Palpi” “Clever kids…Pal cute”. Her smile hung on her face her eye’s holding back tears of joy as she continued to speak of the children. He was right to ask her to stay he still was undecided, she had unnerved him when she entered but now, now talking about her nieces and nephews. It seemed like a conversation between friends catching up rather than an interview. Jay twisted his wrist the watch settled itself and it reminded him of the time, Claire was home, he was just worried she would keep asking too many questions. “Am I keeping you” she sounded as if she would continue talking about the kids for another hour if he’d let her. He gave her an apologetic smile “Well sort of … I was just not expecting you that’s all” “I won’t keep you then” though she still smiled her eye’s lost that gleam “It was a pleasure to meet you Ms. Palpi” ‘wow that didn’t sound good for an interview exit’ he held up a hand to pause her “It’s alright Mr. Sutton, I wouldn’t hire me either it was a nice to meet you too.” She left in a hurry before he could stop her. “Wow if she ….man give me ten of her and I’d be all set”. He sat staring at the door till it was filled with a familiar face. “Give you 10 of what? Don’t you already own everything?” “Hey Jack” Jack followed Jay’s glance out the door Jay shook his head “Who was it?” a popping eye lid ‘that good looking?’ “No this woman she looked well kind of lost, she sort of …she didn’t even leave a number” “this woman have a name?” “Louis Palpi I think” Jay stretched long and hard a yawn came with it, when he turned back to Jack it was Jack who now was shaking his head “What?” “Louis Palpi? Good for her” “You know her?” Jay was packing up his brief case “Great girl tragic story though”, “it could help if you recommended her and well how to get a hold of her” Jay was tired of doing interviews three weeks and 15 interviews later and he had five maybes and he needed 10 solid personnel. “Well I guess after the divorce she got the house I think not sure she hasn’t been out much since…” “Ever since what? I don’t need a charity case or x-husband to come after her” Jack waved his hands to hold up Jay “you see when her child died I think 3 years old, boy that takes some getting over and her husband leaves her while the kids is trying to recover”. It was then Jay knew he’d hire her “think she’s alright now? She looked sort of…” “I think it would be good for her”, “funny, she said the same thing” she already had the job. “She tell you about her niece and nephews?” Jay rolled his eyes “she still would be if I’d let her.” Jack slapped Jay on the back “I’m not going to tell you who to hire (holding his palms up in surrender), but I don’t see how you could go wrong, she’s a mother without a child.”
It was bad enough that the woman lost the child due to some genetic disease passed from mother to child what Jay found most appalling was the father left while the child lied helpless in a hospital bed wondering where his father was. Jay would have loved to have been there to break the guy’s neck. “Looks like you can use a drink?” Jay’s eye’s popped as he takes a look at his watch “the old ball and chain huh?” Jays’ laugh was even tired “you’ve seen the ball and chain right? No but it’s hard enough to keep the secret without being hours late for home” secrets they would be endless, the days and nights weren’t long yet, but they promised to be he knew the cost, he almost felt discouraged, “maybe another time, soon though”. 



Chapter 8

A MANS HANDS 

After seeing Claire have off on her “errands” she called her visits to the orphanages errands. People or things could get in the way of a visit as she put it, but tell someone you have errands and its “sorry …sorry go we’ll catch up later”. He had gone with her on one errand do to a lot of encouraging. When they rolled up to the House 20 children from 3 to 17 were pressed up to the large window to see her arriving. He spied one little thing holding a teddy bear off to the side of the group he gave her a smile and a secret wave, he then watched her giggle and run off. His cell phone rang and he quickly popped it opened almost as if he was expecting it “ok” was all he said to the caller, “you got to go?” “Call me when you want to go”. He hated lying to her, if she wanted to know much about his past which she hadn’t pried too much she’d have to find it on her own. Watching Claire’s car disappear he took his own keys and loaded himself into the Shelby and punched in the address Jack had offered to one Ms. Palpi. He had inadvertently forgotten to direct the GPS toward the quickest route but was instantly not regretting it. The long slow curving roads were mesmerizing the plush homes and picturesque scenery of Avon, Connecticut nearly drew him into a slumber state. The same feeling as he got from Westport as if money didn’t stop time but slowed it to a crawl. As he pulled into 1616 Parkside lane he saw the large well kept lawn, currently being mowed and trimmed by Starks Lawn care, their truck in the drive way so he footed it from the curb. The home was large beautiful, money well spent on it and its up keep. Then he drew in a long sigh, a large yard where a child should be playing catch or make believe tea party which by the looks of the place may have come with a real butler, a house with a family in it. “Now you look lost Mr. Sutton”. He had not noticed before but she was sort of cute a body still well kept a good sign she had not given up entirely on herself. “Beautiful home you have Ms. Palpi” “home indicates a loving family to dote on Mr. Sutton” ‘dote what an old fashioned word for a woman barely his senior’. “Ah” was all he could muster. “So” her mood darkened within a millisecond “my friend Mr. Trebble will have some explaining to do, is that why you came here? To feel good about yourself or do you want to hear the whole sad story itself”. He let her rant she obviously been down this road a very long time he wanted to tell her hell no! He hadn’t wanted to hear any second of her story he’d heard enough from Jack, he just couldn’t form the thought to word process fast enough ‘never the quickest Jay, bites you in the ass again’. The woman he took for ghosting through life was now a ball of hot iron rolling down hill at him backing him back to his car. “So Mr. Sutton this disease, this horrible 1 - 1000 gene defect that I passed onto my son” ‘the boy playing ball he pictured it and lost some of her rant’. “This disease!” she started weeping, he didn’t know why or how he found the nerve but he edged toward her put his arms around her and let her weep. She wept in his arms not sure why she allowed it, finally chocked off her last whimper, wiped her eye’s “you can let go of my now Mr. Sutton”, “you sure?” there was actual concern in his voice, and it knocked her edge off her response “I’m absolutely sure” she was all business now, but at least she’s not crying and a smile was creeping in. Jay coughed and quickly put his arms at his side. “We’ll no…I didn’t…come here for… I came to offer you” he scratched his head and scanned the neighborhood her own home, the lawn “not all compensation is monetary Mr. Sutton”, “please call me Jay” Jay kept looking trying to piece it all together with no luck but then again same could be said about himself if only they knew. “It’s not nearly what the Sutton’s have” she said grinning in that fashion he himself was contemplating. “If you have all of this…” he searched one last time for the proper word “emptiness, Mr. Sutton?”. His smile never reached his lips; it was what he wanted to hear “When can I start Mr. Sutton?” “That’s hard to say, I should have done this years ago”, Jay said still picturing the little boy tossing a baseball, “would you like a cup of coffee Jay?” “Sure sounds great”
She made the coffee herself and the house was more lovely on the inside then out. “Crème and sugar?” Jay could feel what she meant about emptiness maybe if he hadn’t heard the story but a chill bristled on his spine “sure I mean both, thanks” she directed him to a kitchen nook with a huge bay window out looking the beautiful backyard now empty of Starks employee’s. He once again say the boy, this time being chased laughing. She took the seat opposite him and followed his stare, his mind was lost somewhere else, and she knew where he was. “He’d be about five years old now” she said taking a sip of coffee. He felt ashamed and she watched his right fist clench subtly but it was there. All he could do is stay silent. “I see” a touch of disappointment in her voice “Mr. Sutton, I’m a very wealthy woman; I was lonely before you came into my life, but more than capable to carry on my own without you”. He needed her that was for certain he wouldn’t have wasted his time he hated wasting time though he was not in an all out hurry. “I don’t understand…” “answer me this Mr. Sutton, why would a playboy with a load of money ever try?” he raised his eyebrow immediately felt like he’d been slapped in the face “your bent Mr. Sutton, you have taken my personnel tragedy and taken it personally for a child you never met” ‘haven’t I?’ “As you said it yourself Ms. Palpi, money isn’t the only compensation” he put both his hands on his cup though it was mid-July it eased the chill that lingered. “You can’t save them all, even a Sutton’s amount of money won’t keep every child.., you need clothes you need food…” “I’m well aware of what I need Ms. Palpi” she watched his hands you could tell a great deal about a man with a look at his hands, from his occupation to his feelings men didn’t wear them on their sleeves it was in their hands. His were about to crush her china tea-cup yet he controlled them enough to fight that. He wouldn’t try to convince her anymore he’d wasted enough of her time. “If that’s how you feel Ms. Palpi, thanks for the coffee”. He stood and brushed off his pants a long forgotten habit he picked up once upon a time. “What you are trying to do its admirable but”, “I assure you these children need more than money and I have enough backers to have this place up and running for…well past my time.” A door flung open and they could hear pitter patter of a pair of little feet against the hard wood floor, two real children engulfed the backyard. He watched the smile grow intensely on her face. “So Mr. Sutton one more question before you leave, why me? The sad story?” “Honestly I didn’t know till after I decided got quite lucky Jack knew how to find you”. The little feet were zig zagging “Hey Pali!” they were looking for her “in here guys”. The children as cute as she described bounded into the kitchen both rushed into her arms, the house immediately lost it chill. She hugged them so tightly one screamed “PAILI!” He was way out of his proper place “I see you have your hands full Ms. Palpi”. He headed to the door the children tagging along fighting for her attention he reached the door. She with children in tow followed him out “why me Mr. Sutton?” she wanted to know. “Auntie!” the girl begged for her attention which she gave to her almost immediately “couldn’t have said it better myself” She watched as he took in the fresh outdoor air and took off in his car. Jay needed that drink now. She was sunbathing by the pool when he got home; she noticed that the bounce in his step was gone. Even through her large dark rimmed sun glasses she knew he had had a rough day. It wasn’t as if he had a nine to five, there was the law school course he was taking but this went through him something knocked the wind out of him. She knew it wasn’t another woman she scoffed at the thought, not when he had all this waiting for him at home. “Something amusing to you” he teased her, it was easy to let her bring his guards down “just wondering who she is, that’s worn you out so much?” she started laughing. “Please like I could handle two woman” he started undressing on the pool patio taking off his silk Redman tie and tossing it to his chair, then the shirt and kicked off his brightly polished dress shoes “actually with this physic, maybe I could” he started posing his muscles protruding from his t-shirt. He got through three possess before she threw ‘Fallen Bay’ at him. “Come dance with me” he held out his hand in invitation and with a question of his sanity on her face she took it. He took her in his arms and started singing their wedding song as he slowly swayed her into a dance “too much sun today?” he sang the next course loader to drone her out, the she just danced or let herself be danced. He was happy she was happy confused but happy who cared that “I was wondering” he said interrupting her thought process “what man I had today?” “I’m sure there’s a few tucked away, no I was thinking”, “not too hard I hope?” he smiled being out done then kissed her wrist as he took her back in after a twirl “you have so many bathing suits yet” and he twirled her again edging her toward the pool “I wonder if you ever get them wet!” she caught on but a moment to late as she found herself lifted into his arms “don’t you!” it was already too late they were both in the air. 
After they hit the water her silk sun tan lotioned skin ran through his fingers and she easily escaped his grasp. When he came up for air she jumped on top of him and shoved him back under. Even with her hair a mess and in her eye’s she was still gorgeous. He surfaced and grabbed a lounge floating device still in his t-shirt now clinging to every one of his defined muscles a six pack protruding underneath it and the suit pants which rode up his crotch “you know I’m going out with Charlotte and Sam tonight!” she teetered on anger but why bother it was a wasted emotion as she liked to say. “I know”, “I’m going to smell like chlorine now!” she was adorable when she feigned anger and he smiled at her. He watched her pull herself out of the pool her bathing suit barely visible from any angle was non-existent from this one, and he enjoyed the view as she hurried her way up to the house to shower and change. He rowed himself to the edge of the pool, grabbed the suit jacket and produced a Zippo a cigar and his cell phone. After hitting a preset number it only took 2 rings. “Jack” Jack was busy shouting to someone “yea!” Jack certainly wasn’t in the conversation. “Pack it up for the day” “if you want to break ground tomorrow” Jack wasn’t thrilled about the deadline, but Treble Construction was under new management. “A day I have” Jack barked orders as Jay held the phone away from his ear. “Jack! Pack it up!” the tone left no an unapproachable response. Silence from Jacks end save the nearly purchased dozers and cranes said he was listening “it’s 4:30 I want everyone at Pete’s in 2 hours” Jay didn’t want the next conversation with Jack to be soured from the word go, so he finished with “it’s employee appreciation day drinks are on me” he lightened the tone, but it was a bit late for the attempt. “Pete’s 2 hours got it” and Jack closed his cell. Pete’s was a local dive if you never been but if you worked construction it was all you needed and then some. There were pool tables an old style juke box the beer was a local brand crap but at a buck fifty, no one complained. The only ambiance was Pete’s petrified porcupine hanging like a moose head behind the bar. Pete didn’t have a bouncer he was a big enough fella and if he didn’t like the scene there was always Becky his buck shot behind the counter the threat of pulling it usually knocked someone down a peg. After the conversation with Jack there would be no turning back, he took a long puff off his cigar looked at it and let the smoke pour from his mouth “he’ll probably think I’m nuts anyway” “you are nuts”. He thought the exact words but swore he heard them, startled he glanced around the pool patio to make sure no one had entered into his one man conversation unseen. His heart pounded out a few quick extra pumps then settled into its regular rhythm once more, when he saw that he was alone. “Too much sun?” he said waiting for a response, before he got one Claire had changed and was bouncing back to the pool. “Thought you were heading out too?” “What time is it?” ‘5:50: he glanced at his Rolex watch still ticking “time flies when you have heat stroke honey” she was obviously joking with a huge grin, problem was, is she right? “Waiting for you darling”. 



Chapter 9

MORE THEN YOU WANT TO KNOW

Jay was late after getting the bizarre jump on the night, but he was still the first to arrive. The crowd at Pete’s had just started trickling in and Jay ordered four pitchers of the local and orders to not let one dry up. Pube was the first to show free drinks was an obvious motivator when it came to the kid. Pube clean shaven looked all of 15 years old and Pete never carded him. The kid cleaned up well, stylish GQ hair due, life of the party and usually the first to get tossed and or outside with clenched fists, usually due to a ‘misunderstanding’ regarding the opposite sex. Bill followed shortly after Pube was into his second glass and setting up the pool table for a round. Neither said their first words to him. One by one they trickled in. Jack was the last to show. Jay went to the bar and ordered 10 shots and put the shot glasses in a circle on the table. Jack was at an ill ease being pulled early from a job he was busting his ass to meet a ridiculous deadline. Jay had ways of making those types of feelings disappear. He motioned for Jack and Jack came at his own pace. “What’s this for?” looking at the glasses. “Look Jack I bought us some extra time, you guys are doing a hell of a job and well I wanted to show my appreciation” “well thanks” Jack wasn’t buying the act he was sure he was witnessing, up till yesterday or matter of fact a few hours ago the deadline meant the world to Jay, now he was being pulled early, something smelled awful in Denmark and he had a sickening feeling he’d find out soon enough. 
“Actually” Jay whistled for the rest of the crew. Jay could whistle hard and the occupants of Pete’s all turned their heads for a nano-second then carried on their own business. They ambled over and Jack proceeded to pick up his shot glass the rest followed suit. Jay raised his glass “guys are doing a great job, here’s to you guys” they all took their shot. “And” Jay reached into his jacket and pulled out 10 plain white envelopes “a little something for the effort”. “This is like a grand” Pube announces “two, but I’ll take one back if” “no, thanks Jay.” Pube was already imagining the damage he’d do with it. Jack never touched his envelope and just eyeballed Jay. The rest of the crew members thanked Jay and carried on their fun and games for the evening. “What’s this all about?” Jack sounded offended. “Look when we were in that hell hole we made a promise and I aim to keep it that’s all” “if anyone of us makes it big he would try to I know the promise”, “so why are you so pissed off?”
Jack brought his hand down to the table and came back up with his beer leaving the envelope in its original place. Jay reached down to retrieve it, “fuck you Jack you don’t want it fine!” Jack grabbed Jay’s arm and took the thing up as if merely touching it would kill him. Jack folded it and tucked it into his jeans. “Wife has been asking for a new car” and shrugged. “Great now can you try to fucking relax” “I’ve got a wife a kid, a decent job, I work hard to be a decent enough guy don’t even lie on my tax forms”, “what’s with the resume’?” “whatever you want Jay the answer is no, times changed for the better I might add for the both of us those days are gone” that feeling in Jacks gut returned tenfold he felt like throwing up. “What I want is for you to”, “whatever it is you really want Jay” Jack shook his head “I’d almost kill for you Jay you’re not like a brother your much more then that but I won’t serve time for nobody”.
The pool game was getting loud “ya fucking cheater” Pube as usual. Treble Construction was playing Starks Lawn Care too many drinks and you add that up it always meant trouble. It wasn’t coming to blows yet, it was just a matter of time.
Jay let out a sigh, “take the money Jack, but you’re right, though it’s not even close to what depths you let your imagination run to.” Jack took a seat at the table littered with the now empty shot glasses he’d at least listen if he didn’t have to kill anyone, he owed Jay that much. “You haven’t changed at all Jay, not one bit”. Jay took a few sips of his drink they both looked at the pool game it appeared to be fun and games again for now, “I’ll take that as a compliment “and smiled. “No drugs, killing, smuggling, that’s all hard time” Jack was ticking off his list “drugs?” “Coke would be my guess but you guys party better then that”. “If I haven’t changed would I be into any of that?” “Legal?” Jack raised an eyebrow telling Jay not to bother lying “well, not in the technical sense no not legal”. “I knew it shit I wish you’d ask me to kill cause that’s fast and its over just got to deal with the quilt, I can see what it is, it’s in your hands always has been there”. Jay unclenched his hands and held them up “these?”
“You were always a crusader Jay, you didn’t like something you’d find a way to change it” “was I ever wrong Jack? Was what I did, what we did wrong? If yes then this conversation ends now.” “No well not in the technical sense” after a few seconds that seemed to drag for hours “but your means” Jay went to say something but Jack interrupted “hang on, you have money now Jay and power even if you don’t broadcast it, it’s there, you’re going pro-crusader, don’t try to deny it”. Jay was losing an argument that hadn’t even truly started yet he had to find a way to change that the money was a wasted effort he knew Jack wouldn’t do it for the money. “It’s still right Jack, nothing more right in the world.” Jack went to say something “you hang on this time; you want to break ground tomorrow? Do you even know what really is going up?” The pool game got louder it wouldn’t be long now before…A pool ball went flying and struck a mirror a pool stick swung nearly connecting with a skull. “Fun and games over for the night boys” Jack pulled a guy off Pube and nearly took one to the jaw, Jay grabbed the fella’s shirt and threw a hard punch square in the guys nose blood erupted from the guys nostril. Treble Construction was in another one, though Jay worked out nearly twice a day it had been awhile since he had been in a fight “just like old times” Jay snorted to Jack as Jack blocked a punch and threw one of his own “we didn’t win them all” Jay grabbed a guy and swung him across the room. “We were right though” Jay laughed “more right then today” and Jay took a shot a cheap one he’d tried to convince anyone who’d listen. The conversation was swinging in Jay’s favor. Eventually Pete had enough romper room antiques as he’d call it, a loud long boom went off defining everyone in ear shot. 
Clenched fists became ear muffs in seconds. Before everyone’s ear stopped ringing the police were asking their questions. 
“You guys again?”, “how are you John?” Jay was stretching his jaw trying to re-set his ear drums back into his head. “Better then you, by the looks of things”. John was the lead detective of the town’s police and knew Jay well, apparently. “Anyone gonna press charges?” Jay looked around “no permanent damage to anyone, “take statements if ya want but I’ll settle up with Pete”.
Jack watched from close by, he didn’t have to hear a word of their conversation and he knew, and what he knew was unsettling. Jay was somehow connected and more powerful then he really wanted to get involved in. ‘What’s with these rich guys they all have to be cape flying heroes?” he thought smiling imagining Jay in bright orange tights and a cape.
Jack realized three things just then, one, Jay was on a crusade, two Jay was connected and three, though he probably would most likely regret it he’d help Jay in any way possible. Jay was right about one thing his crusades were righteous it was still all very unsettling. 



Chapter 10

EVIL BORN FROM EVIL

Some animals you can lock up, some you can send to a specialist given a few years and the right medication you could get a dog to moo. Some animals needed or should be put down.
Alex “damn” as most would refer to him was one such animal. Most people could argue “evil is a learned behavior, that most children born to this world are born with a good heart, good intentions, that’s all well and good unless you know Alex. Born to an abusive alcoholic father and a whore of a mother Alex never stood a chance. If Dad was beaten on you, you couldn’t run to mom she would only burn you with her lighter and smack you for wasting her flint. All this at the tender age of seven, the twitch came first, could you blame him? At around 10 years old then he could barely hide the twitch if there was help available then, the time had run out and no one gave a damn. If you ever seen Alex twitching you could almost see a parent figure throwing the slap, and his twitch the minds reaction when it was absent. He couldn’t buy a friend, who would want to hang out with such a character and forget about girls even at his 16th birthday one of his moms rare friendlier whore friends gave back the money and declined the job. At eighteen alone friendless watching dear old Dad passed out on a dirty old lazy boy recliner, walked to his bedroom, pulled up a loose floor bored where if he wanted to keep anything it went here, god forbid he ever got a gift of some sort outside a pack of smokes or a kick in the ass. Under the loose floor bored his only one true toy a blue “thumper” he had found it sitting against a fence after a little league baseball game. He ran his fingers across the barrel down to the handle, which had been taped with a bright blue tape. He jumped when he heard his dad yelling about something it was incoherent as usual then caught the all clear sound of the snore. Alex picked up the bat he hardly ever brought it in view and never when anyone was home. One handedly he felt its weight swung it with just the one hand and smiled. He didn’t know what he was doing was wrong how could he, he was always wrong! Or retarded! Or stupid! Or ugly! Or lazy! With every loving adjective came another swing there was only one yelp and then dead silence save for the skull thumping, a few crackles and one or two gurgles from the mouth of a monster he had to call dad.
Afterward someone in their right mind would flee, would come to the realization that there would be consequences what Alex saw was a half filled Budweiser. He took a long sip “Ahh, you don’t mind do ya pop?” Alex laughed “no you don’t because there’s a piece of your mind here and there and one over there.”
From head to toe Alex felt for the first time in his life what was the word again? That’s right “good”. He sat down on the coach after plunking a bloody object off it and tossing it at his father. He smiled for what felt like the first time, he wouldn’t have to take another punch from the man. From the front hall came the sounds of key’s rattling against the lock, followed by the sounds of giggling and a thud after mom hit bottom to floor, eventually she found her was through the door for the last time. 

Finally Jack finished off the sneezing fit, he wanted the tie off him not because of the implications his friend was making, but two grand? His car wasn’t worth that much. Jay stood and put out his hand, “There for special occasions only”, Jack was all to glad to get rid of it he was positive he had nothing in his closet that would match it. “You’re not going to explain that are you?” Jay cocked his head as if offended “I’ll answer anything I can, if I can’t well you’d be better off not” They waited “if there is a door that needs to be unlocked a Redman tie will unlock it sort of speaking” Lois shuffled in her seat uncomfortable at Jays cloak and dagger tone. “There are quite a few of those ties active Redman Winds - some are electricians, some are congressman, some are” “some are police officers” Jack understood that the cop at Pete’s he used to get them off, he had to be one of them, then Jack corrected the thought no one of us. “They do come in handy at times” Jay finished. The rest of the crew came at the lunch horn. Lois sat on the desk crossed her legs and Jack rolled up the blue-print “young enough to be your granddaughter grandpa”, Pube boasting his latest piece of tail. “Five foot two and four hundred pounds maybe” Pube always took a good beating he was about the only single guy on the crew and they were all living vicariously through him. “Hey Lois” Bill said and every eye went down, they weren’t sure what to say they all loved her little kid. “It’s alright guys he’s in a better place” The trailer grew dark a hard dark that phrase carried little assurance. “You know Jay I’d imagined all eye’s on my ass or tits but at the floor you sure they all aren’t you know?” She made a wimpy wrist. “You’ll do just fine Lois” Jay said. The boys lightened up and by the end of the day Lois (acting as clerk for now) had the boys laughing and hustling. When Jay left for the day he looked back at it all, a very productive day most of his puzzle pieces was in its place however the final few were going to be very difficult to manipulate into place. Very difficult indeed. 
Claire was off on her favorite errand while Jay was convincing people to stand with him. She never went at a certain time or certain day she didn’t want to be expected. One day she’d pop in dishing out pancakes and the next time she’d be reading a good night book. Doing this made her feel alive, worthy of her good fortune and it neatly fed her heart felt ache for a child of her own. Jay wasn’t opposed to having a child, but they both agreed that their fast paced fly to Bermuda tomorrow night life style wasn’t a great set-up for a child. At least not yet. She met Susan an adorable five years old for the first time on Christmas morning. While most children had gathered around her version of a Macy’s Day Santa (beard and belly real as can be) Susan was busy picking up her make believe kitchen. When Claire asked her why Susan replied “no such thing”, Claire was heartbroken at the absolute truth the girl spoke with. “We’ll let’s find out together, I’m curious”. Susan liked Claire from the beginning but then again what wasn’t to like, so she left her spotless kitchen set “Who said that?” Santa said “not Susan!” Susan was surprised he knew her name, but she wasn’t buying it just yet. She approached Santa and tugged the beard…seemed real, then she patted the belly no pillow there, her heart skipped a beat maybe it was Santa. Susan dared to hope she hadn’t seen much of that lately and smiled a little sad smile. “We’ll I always tried to be a good girl and…” Santa chocked up and almost lost the gleam in his eye “It’s been very, very hard to find you dear Susan and of course you’ve been on the good list for some time now.” Claire’s eye’s started to water as she watched Susan’s face light up, she turned dabbed her eye’s and was glad to see Susan never caught a glimpse and pasted a smile on. Santa drove a hand deep into his bag of goodies and brought out a gift box with her name on it. While the other children had simply tarred and ripped opened the boxes to get to the presents Susan hugged hers, Santa a bit confused looked at Claire, “It’s alright Santa, I’ll take it from here” and off he went, to join the other children with a big bowl full of jelly laugh. “Susan” Claire made her voice as soft as a summer breeze, “I knew I was a good girl” Susan said weepingly. “Why don’t we see what he brought you together” that was why Susan was here, no kids should feel alone especially not on Christmas or as she liked to put it Monday through Sunday, but Christmas there wasn’t a place she’d rather be. They sat set off, beyond the small sparkling clean too clean kitchen set, something in Claire’s gut didn’t like just how clean it was and it didn’t seem clean enough to Susan, Claire Indian style with Susan leaning into her if not for the location you would swear it was Christmas morning in any good ole American house hold. Claire wanted for nothing. She had enough money to buy what she did, you just couldn’t buy this in any store, and the only missing piece was Jay. She knew his reluctance was bone deep to come to these places, she figured as much it had to do with his own father but he wasn’t more forth coming then that. If she had a wish it would be that he would join them and sit and be with them. 
There was only one thing Susan wanted a Ballerina Princess doll and not just any old one, the one her dad had taken away from her. It was the last time she’d seen him, her mother hadn’t done something dishes or food something in the kitchen. It was the first time Susan saw firsthand what her father could do. Usually Susan would run and hide under the heavy dark oak table and hold tightly to her doll and close her eye’s, till her mother crawled underneath and reassured Susan that she was fine. Not this time, her father after kicking and spitting at her mother had grabbed Susan and made her watch what happens when you don’t listen. Then he took her doll and suggested that she grow up. At that moment she felt grown up, she truly hated the man, and yeah she was grown up. Later that night her mother had snuck into her room picked her up gently and ran. They ran to the police, her mother evidently been beaten a scared and shivering child in her arms and they still couldn’t do anything he was a diplomat a foreign diplomat at that. Lowest rung as he was he still received the hands off from any P.D. They did feel awful she could tell, but damn them for doing nothing. Well not nothing they offered protective custody she took it like a drowning man would take a life line. The police took them to a motel; the m was off so it only read otel the Ritz it was not, far from it the jackal had at least that much going for him she never saw this side of a city. The otel was a place where you soul was drained by the shear chaos or the reality of the place, there were people yelling, some homeless people begging for loose change, over flowing garbage bins which she assumed was at least half that awful smell draining from the section of the city, it was heaven to them. She looked down at Susan her Susan even she was delighted her fear subsiding and a smile replacing the sorrow this was truly a magical place. It didn’t take him long however two nights to be exact, 2:06 a.m., mother still awake staring out the window to the street below she saw them, a black van no license plate and two thugs emerging. She woke Susan “remember our little game?” the child smiled mom smiled, she nodded “no matter what stay in there no matter what o.k. till I come get you” mom gave her a kiss on her forehead “I love y” the heavy footsteps ascending the stair case grew louder “hurry up now go and remember” she put her finger over her closed lips. The child scurried to the closet in their one bedroom, ducked under mom’s coat the only article of worm clothing mom had to fight the harsh winter with. Mom strong woman as she was gathered herself and went to the kitchen trying to gain as much distance from her child as possible. Tarasa began humming an ancient lullaby the one she would use when all else failed to get her Susan to sleep. If they knocked down the door Susan would surely scream out, so she left the door ajar as the footsteps grew ever so close. When the door creaked opened Tarasa was sitting at the small kitchen table that was no bigger than an ironing board. “Where’s the child?” her voice came out strong with a quiver “out of your reach” The one who asked just smiled and produced a knife fit for combat in a thick jungle. He looked around nodding his head “nice place you have…homey is that the word?” he ran the Rambo styled knife across the sink which was dangling from the pipe seemingly held up by will alone. “More of a home he ever provided”, “you shouldn’t have taken his child”, she cringed his child like he gave a living crap about her daughter if it was a boy maybe so he could carry the name, but a girl meant less to Koodan than well her. The man’s face lost all interest in the conversation and the smile had vanished, time for business. She reminded herself not to scream out, Susan protect Susan at all cost she thought, as the knife was plunged into her she groaned and a long hiss flowed from her lips but nothing that would reach Susan’s ears. The silent partner kicked her body to the ground and spit at her. “That’ll teach the others”. Silent Joe looked around as knife boy sat and waited “find her”. Silent Joe kicked opened the bathroom door loosening it from its hinges, pulled back the shower mildew filled curtain satisfied he went toward the lone bedroom. His hand on the knob as he begins to turn it his cell phone vibrates. He listens as the caller talks. “Looking for the kid”, “screw the whore she’s good as dead without precious mommy”. Susan sat as mom had said quite very quiet she had not heard a sound maybe a thud she thought. She wanted oh so much to see if mom needed help maybe she’d fallen and needed her. Her mom’s voice rang in her ear “don’t come out till I get you.” She did not want to disobey, but she had to tinkle badly if only mommy would come soon, she could wait, wait as long as mom said to, she was strong just like her. 



Chapter 11

STEPHEN REYNOLD

Stephen Reynolds III was one of Jay’s few close friends prior to connecting with the old gang. The III, pompous, regal, and everything Stephen was not. The name itself would carry this Reynolds’ through and past the bar exam fortunately for the professors. One night with exams fast approaching studying in the library “you know you’re trying much too hard”. Stephen barely looked up from his I pad he was watching. Jay was dug in three books opened a pen in his ear one in his hand a slew of notebooks and vigilantly scribbling down notes he’d hope he could decipher later. “The one’s they want to pass the bar are 90% name recognition, 9% money and 1% actually…well what you’re doing there” Stephen waved an aimless hand in Jay’s direction. “Well when I open my doors, I kind of hope I know what I’m doing”, Stephen pumped his fist “yes!”, “there you go grab a book”, “no Steelers finally scored, what’s this now doors open, know what you’re doing? They have a cure for that their called associates”. Jay finally put his pen down “you’re really not taking this seriously are you?”, “what’s my name?” Jay sighed “say it…what’s my name?” “Reynolds”, “Reynolds what? say it say it”, “the III” Jay rolled his eyes. Stephen closed his touch screen “and your Sutton…Reynolds and Sutton has that classy sound to it” “Sutton and Reynolds, LLC sounds better”. Jay pondered for a few seconds and closed his books, for a brief moment wasn’t sure he’d confide in Stephen he was careless, reckless and one who often threw the weight of his last name around to get out of things. What Jay needed was all three things, and someone to carry the weight of the goals he intended to put on his own back. “What all finished?” Stephen usual haphazard joking attitude took the shift of the moment. “Follow me” Jay tossed his books and belongings in an unusual mangled manner into his bag finished Jay started for the stairs. Once they reached their cars which stood out even amongst the posh BMW, Lexus and Porsches. Jay said little as Stephen had no clue where Jay was taking him. “My car?” Jay sped through traffic racing against any chance he’d change his mind. “Where’s the fire Jay?” Jays’ car purred at a four way intersection, hurried or not insurance or not he wasn’t taken the chance. “In a minute” was all Jay said. “A minute for what? If there’s a dead body I’m not helping you bury it.” Jay pulled his car into his construction site. “What’s Treble Construction?” Lights lit up the construction site some minor work being done. “What construction team works this late and on Sunday - there’s laws”, “mine does” Jay pulled in close to the brightest spot next to a large sub-basement well under construction, Jay shut the engine off. “Stephen your one of a few people I can truly trust”, “sure but …that “, “what I’m about to show you goes no further then this construction site” it was odd Stephen thought it wasn’t a question it was a statement but still answered with a slight nod. Stephen was usually up for anything reckless and riding the edge of legality was showing signs of despair Jay loved it. “What’s going on Jay?”, “we’ve been friends for 10 years now, you know me as Jay Sutton, but my real name is well that’s hard to figure out still looking, but it’s not Jay Sutton” Stephen was looking at his friend who was staring at his hands as they tightened around the steering wheel watching..as his knuckles turned white. “That’s well…so one names good as the next” Stephen wanted the rest of the story before he took off running none of this appeared to be legal, as in go to jail illegal, lose your license illegal. “My father abandoned me when I was 5 or 6 my mother died when I was 2” Jay’s knuckles bore down whiter, as if giving off light now. “What’s that got to do with”, as if he hadn’t heard Stephen “I grew up in a place called Cedar Hill”, “the orphanage, I’ve heard many never came out of there right in the head”, if Stephen was nervous before he now was ready to scream like a school girl and run while picking up his skirt. Jay’s smile sent a chill down Stephen’s spine his hand twitched toward the doors handle and Jay locked it with a flick of a finger which appeared to barely move, dang that was fast Stephen thought. “No not many did, but some of us” Jay’s grin got colder “some of us got lucky”. “I see” was all Stephen could muster seeing how his only means of escape was cut off. After a mere second of awkwardness Stephen found his voice again “What’s in the whole Jay? “luck needs a facilitator” and Jay shrugged as if that was enough of an answer for that one, but he had to give Stephen something “what’s in the whole is why I dragged you here” Stephen imagined a shovel to the back of his head and an unmarked grave, this was not making since. Jay would have to start letting his friend off the hook soon, if friend he wanted to keep. “Two weeks ago, Max Peterson”, “good lawyer got him off…disgusting parasite, but good lawyer anyway” Stephen tried to make it sound like a joke but Jay continued “Smitty White”, “same lawyer same results”, “two months ago..”, “Jeremy Smith, why are you brining up child abuse cases that shouldn’t have made it to a jury let alone set free?’ Stephen was more confused than before. A knock on the driver’s side window made Stephen jump out of his skin; Jay appeared to have been expecting it. The car woke and Jay hit the down button. “Mr. Treble?” the formality caught Jack by surprise “almost done for the night sir, want for me to lock her down?” Jack felt weird using the sir and grimaced as he did. Jay glanced to Stephen who still didn’t have a clue to why his friend had brought him here. “I’ll lock her down, thanks Jack”, Jack glanced with Jay and grinned he knew what was going on. It was the unsettled look on the new comer’s face, Jack wore the same at the first time as well, and when Jack found out what was really going on at this construction site. “Good see you tomorrow then” Jack rapped twice on the hood of Jay’s car Jack whistled and waved a come get out of here wave. The cars window went back up “most of the crew out there also lucky one’s”, Jay said still easing Stephen into the situation. “I see”, “I doubt that very much my friend” Jay unlocked the car and when Stephen didn’t bolt that second he smiled “good, now for the rest of it” Jay exited the car, Stephen sat in his seat wondering what the hell he was doing in a busy construction site now rolling up on 2:06 a.m., Jay tapped on Stephen’s window “coming?” did he really have a choice? Without waiting for a response Jay ambled his way over to the sub-basement concrete walls up floor done as he’d hoped. Stephen gathered his courage and joined him peering behind him as he went looking for anyone wielding a shovel. “See no dead bodies” Stephen laughed though he wasn’t convinced. “The place that stood there, that would have been the dungeon as we called it”. The name itself Stephen knew it wasn’t found memories spilling through Jay at the moment. “I still guess, don’t know why I’m here” Stephen finally glanced down, all he saw was a huge sub-basement which obviously was more than just an ordinary basement it had a purpose what purpose Stephen wasn’t sure but knew that Christmas decoration weren’t going to be stored there, but no dead bodies. “We sit, we study for the bar so that we can make a difference some day, then you read about lawyers good one’s protecting these things, these animals that don’t deserve to breath the good clean air”, “justice is blind hell I even know that Jay”. Stephen placed a hand on Jay’s back “the past is the past I mean I’m sure that doesn’t cut it, but what is done is done time to move on Jay”. Jay’s cold grin was back none to Stephen’s delight. “Things that happened there spawned demons which never die at least not on their own, they need help to find the other side, thing that happened cannot be undone, but there is something…it’s called hope”. “Sounds a lot like vengeance to me Jay” Jay shrugged “more like justice, quick and unforgiving justice”. “The reason I study so hard is I’m keeping all this as legal as possible”. “How legal is legal?”, “legal enough I’ll never see a court room if that’s why your nervous, relax”. Jay started walking back to the car, “where to now Jay?”, “look maybe this isn’t for you Stephen, been trying to find a way it makes since for you”, “what’s not for me, you bring me here, show me a basement, which for some reason isn’t a basement in the earliest a.m. I’ve seen in 10 years with all this secret past of yours, you expect me to figure out what?”…Stephen took a breath, he’d have to say it all “you bring me here, tell me about child abuse cases, horrible ones, that got off Scot free one’s who had a good lawyer now you’re talking about illegal shit that will land me in jail forever I’ll venture a guess I still don’t know what this has to do with….” Jay started walking again turning his back to Stephen and Stephen kept ranting “Jay!”, “can you really leave the past in the past forever Stephen? Can you not feel for these children innocent children no older than 8 years old?” Jay never turned but stopped, looked down at the ground. “Jay!” Stephens’s voice cracked with a question. “8 years old Stephen you were 8 years old”, “YOU couldn’t have known! It’s not possible!” Jay never turned to Stephen, for Stephen had to fight the first bought with his own demons by himself. Stephen fell to his knees and punched the loose gravel. Jay turned “If you can stand, stand with me, we can do more than win a few court battles, we can see justice done right”. 
Stephen stayed as he was weak to the point of numbness. Jay stretched out his hand to help, it was not empty. “Redman? Your Redman?” a nervous twitch of a laugh came through Stephen’s teeth. Jay laughed himself a little more naturally, “Not the only one, I add one more tonight if you can, I can sure use the help my friend”. Stephen took a hard long look at Jay’s outstretched hand containing the tie. “I hate you Jay”, and took the hand and the help to get to his feet. “Me too, but you had to see the truth”. 



Chapter 12

BY GONES BE BY GONES

The dark alley way was void of life, trash bins over flowing deserted fire escapes and landings showing no signs of life crowded the same narrow space. Such is life in this part of the city. A van parked at the end of the alley sideways to block it off, even if the cops had showed their response would have been slowed to a crawl, it was out of habit, but hardly seemed necessary. Their footsteps echoed off the street, the silence of the world seemed to magnify the sound. A cat hissed and jumped from a trash bin which smelled like rotten eggs. “Christ Rico let’s get from here”, “always in a hurry Koonu, relax parties over, it’ll be hours before anyone see’s the mess” and thumbed up back to the apartment. The safety of the van beckoned to Koonu, who in their right mind stood around after a hit waiting for the cops to arrive? No one sane, though he didn’t consider Rico sane, he enjoyed his job much too much, which made Rico a hell of a hit man, absolutely no conscious but now was the time for being gone. “What about Re…” Redman? Ah the boogey man? Where is he?” Koonu shook his head at Rico and shortly after started for the van, “Keys” Koonu had had enough of this. “Redman! Here is Rico!” Rico waited patiently for a minute listening closely “boogey man doesn’t frighten Rico”, “boogey man or not the blue scares me more” Koonu had no wish to be locked up every again and truly feared that more than a possibility of a vigilante that may or may not happen by at this hour in this exact spot. Koonu finally took hold of the van’s key’s which Rico had made him jump for, and then more then picked up the pace to the van, he nearly ran. Koon’s face lit up, his smile became as large as the pay day they’d receive for this nasty little job, and he almost could separate himself from it. He was only the driver and only killed if necessary if things went wrong, and tonight everything went exactly as planned, they didn’t retrieve the child but Koonu, never believed that was the point in all this nonsense. He shoved the keys into the ignition locked the doors and immediately turned into the cops frequency in their little portable. “Now if they come Koonu will know”. Koonu blasted the heat and rubbed his hands together then blew warm breath into them. Koonu wanted nothing more than to leave and get his money and possibly get out of town for awhile. Koonu thought of the woman as she was bleeding out, she never made a sound. A strong woman for sure not to scream from such a torturous death and she had been humming a strange soothing sound. He wasn’t adverse to killing, though tonight’s blood was on Rico’s hands, he’d never killed a woman and tonight’s “mess” as Rico put it solidified his desire to never watch a woman die by his hands deservingly so or not. The radio dialed into the police scanners started to sound some life. Small time burglaries, petty theft and muggings Koonu wished them luck and good fortune in his native tongue. He never saw Rico’s approach so when he tapped the driver’s side window Koonu jumped and set the van rocking. Koonu thumbed to the passenger seat “I got to drive get in” Rico didn’t hear or was a stubborn ass cause he didn’t move, so Koonu unrolled the window as he watched Rico’s body drop like a led weight. Koonu had no time to react a scarf of some sort wrapped tightly around his neck and was dragged from the now warm van. His eyes began bulging from their sockets gasping for what air he could find and he found little. He could not jab a finger to loosen the scarf but it was a valiant try, reality started swaying to unconsciousness when he heard his attacker “a woman? A child? You’ll go straight to hell my friend” the voice sounded directly into his ear. “No court room for you Koonu or your friend” Koonu could see Rico’s lifeless body lying in a pool of blood a strong man, a merciless man brought to that kind of ending he was no Rico. Koonu was dragged to Rico’s body his struggles flailing arms weakening by the second. Finally his eyes rolled back into his skull, consciousness was a thing of the past. A figure downing a black leather trench coat, figured to be creeping in on 50 years old draped the tie onto Koonu’s back “debt repaid” the figure did not stand alone, two others emerged from the shadows as if they were a part of the darkness, scrounged the bodies ripping off jewelry and grabbing wallets. “Knight” or “Night” depending on who speaks of the devil himself spat at the Redman and Koonu who was half covered in Rico’s blood. “I hate being owned, next dog who gets me into this shit follows’ them” they both looked back at Knight no response was needed because no truer words could be spoken; Redman’s ownership was now over. 



Chapter 13

A DAY OF FIRSTS

The next morning the television was on in the living room, an unusual morning ritual for Claire. They did not live under a rock but mornings were slow to start at the Sutton residence, the early morning sunlight trolled through the window, he grabbed the Rolex 6:30 a.m., he wanted nothing more than to get one more hour of sleep, but knew Claire watched the news when she got word something big was going on. Finally curiosity over took his desire for that hour of sleep, he grabbed his robe, splashed water on his face in their master bathroom, brushed his teeth and ran his fingers through his hair. If the world was ending he was presentable. “Want some pancakes?” his groggy sleepy voice came with a yawn. “Claire?” Claire was mesmerized by what was playing out on the daily news or mortified would better fit her description. “Claire?” the tone asking you alright? And what is going on at the same time. When she didn’t answer Jay caught enough of the plasma to get the answer himself and it froze him dead in his tracks. Police cars dozens of them, with police blocking off the media and any on-lookers with yellow tape, it would be the same old same old if he didn’t recognize the landscape. “She’s only six years old Jay” Claire’s’ voice sounded as if she would weep, Jay tried but couldn’t remember her ever crying in his presence. She stood in her satin robe sexy as ever and sex was the last thing on either of their minds. A morning of firsts in the Sutton home. Her arms hugging herself from the evil ways of men, he went to her and wrapped his long arms around her doubling the effect. “Who’s only?” “Shhshshsh, there she is” Claire turned quickly into Jay, resting her head on his chest and began to weep softly. Keyna daughter of Teresa Kondalin, wife of Cudan Kondalin government official from Istanbul woke up the city early morning after finding her mother stabbed six times in the chest. Since the scream and subsequently the neighbors calling 911, the sirens the commotion, her dead mother the child became unresponsive other then the trauma the girl was checked at the scene by paramedics and again at the City hospital, no harm had come to her, no physical harm. Cudan had left the states late the night before to a non-extranet country. His involvement could not be confirmed, but speculation was running wild and it didn’t take a rocket scientist, even the tabloid news could get this one right. The child’s picture on the plasma was replaced by a picture of a corpse draped over with a body bag. The knife that killed Teresa was found on the man’s body along with a Redman tie, a very high end highly priced piece of accessory. The murderer of the second victim dubbed Redman for obvious reasons was at large, no suspects at this time and as usual no eye witnesses. “Did he just say victim?” Claire was no longer weeping, her agony washed by her blood boiling anger “victim! The only victim in all of this is that child” Jay was sure if he wasn’t holding Claire he would be shortly purchasing a new plasma. His cell phone vibrated he knew the call would come and had shoved it in his robe pocket, he slid his hand into that pocket and hit ignore. He continued watching the plasma the story returning to the child. Claire had taken herself to the down stairs bathroom to finish composing herself while Jay took refuge on the leather sofa. “She’s still alive” Jay said with little volume. His phone vibrated again, knowing it would continue until he answered it and Claire in the bathroom, he answered it. “Koonu is still alive” the caller advises as Jay watches the man himself being handcuffed and shuffled into a police cruiser. “She’s alive that’s all that matters for now”, “but Koonu if he can identify”, “identify who?” dead silence on the callers side. “It’s my job to worry yours is to see that he does not pass go does not collect 200 dollars and goes directly to jail”, “should be open and shut case, but with this high end media its gonna take awhile”, “I wanted Koodan” Jay walked with his cell phone in hand preparing a cup of sugar and milk with a splash of coffee. “Well he’s unreachable now”, “for now that is” Jay sipped some of his coffee, “worry about that case, that’s all, where’s the girl?”, “protective custody”, “can you get her released to?”, “working on the paper work now, little tricky they might come looking for her won’t be easy, but she’ll get there”, “good”. The bathroom door opened and Claire with fresh face painted on looked better then she had entered. “See to it then” Jay closed down the conversation. “Who was that?”, “Reynolds” she could smell a lie a mile away good thing he wasn’t. “Oh?”, “he’s a prosecutor Hun in my firm; I want that Koonu guy behind bars, no bond posting, and no clean air.” He felt like punching the plasma himself now. “Jails to good for him, I hope he”, “what? Hope he what?” Jay was curious of how far she’d go; he wanted to know the depth of her anger which would play handsomely into how she would handle eventually knowing Jay’s little red secret. “Too bad Redman, didn’t finish both of them, I don’t know even that seems too kind”. It wasn’t enough but it was a star. “So you know my birthday is only three months away”, “how can I forget?” he gave her a look that said you won’t let me forget. “It’s been keeping me up” she smiled the TV. and it’s disturbing news forgotten at least for the moment. “So, that’s why I’ve noticed you missing at weird hours of the night?” he thought he’d been more careful, damn, it was his turn to smile “well that would be the girlfriend” he ducked just fast enough to miss the end table ornament, some small figurine. He dove at her, but she too was fast he knelt where he landed on one knee, she approached him with another raised fist carrying “a pillow?” he laughed “tell me what the gift is or this is used to smother the life out of you!”, he waited till she grew too brave and crept a sly foot step closer, he watched as the foot slid escaping from under her robe, he waited till the foot was firmly planted until the brave foot became solid to the floor. 
He grabbed the brave foot right behind the knee and scooped it up, his hand riding every inch of her smooth naked skin, his movement was breath takingly fast and she had to catch hers. “How did you?”, “stop at you knee? Difficult very difficult my dear” she then found herself flung over Jay’s back as if he was a cave man. She pounded on his back for her release, to no avail, He kicked opened their bedroom door without missing a step, and then tossed her on their bed. She tried to crawl back to the head board with her elbows and wide staring eye’s but he was one step ahead of her and grabbed her ankle “Neanderthal”, she threw a few pillows at him, but didn’t slow his advance, he dragged her back to the beds edge where he ripped opened her robe which pinned her arms to her side. She could have escaped the satin trap with ease, but found herself tossed back onto the mattress. He started at her neck, once he reached the spot right under her chin he preceded south. By now he knew every inch of the terrain he was tracing with his tongue, he hadn’t reached her pleasure spot and that was already coated with excitement. His movements slowed, he tongue nearing the holiest of holes and he was slowing, driving her mad with anticipation, she was building up to her second orgasm and he hadn’t even entered “damn him” she thought, then grabbed his hair on both sides of his head and forced him to complete the task. Her hands lost their grip as he crawled on top of her slowly pinning her arms above her head as he dove into her, her third orgasm exploded and he’d barely just begun. She could not dream of what had brought this on, but she wasted no effort on the thought.



Chapter 14

TIME TO GO (ALEX)

Alex grew hungry he glanced at the frig, beer and baking soda, he knew no nourishment would be found. The morning was just beginning he could hear doors on their floor opening from the hall. The street noise was gaining speed, a fire truck rushed by filing their small apartment with red. His father’s lifeless body stopped twitching that was good, Alex had grown tired of it. “Even in death, the man annoyed me” Alex thought. His mother who’d around 6:30 a.m. almost regained some form of consciousness finally took her last breath. Not a bad day’s work and the day had only just begun. Now food, what to do about food? His mother’s purse had made it to the kitchen counter that would provide the best stash, too early to get crack when she took the Thumper and dear old’ dad dead before he could smack her around to get at the whore money. Two hundred dollars all in 20’s he didn’t want to imagine what kind of night produced that much. He rummaged through the rest of it, the Zippo he’d take that to, and then he tossed the rest of the contents over his shoulder.
“Karen!” a knock on the door, it was Keesha, mom’s drunk cracked dup friend Alex almost forgot Keesha dragged mom out early every morning to grab some good street and set up shop never too early for Keesha. Another knock woke Alex out of his one track mode, now Alex was thinking about ass, and Keesha she had one hell of an ass. “Karen, get your lazy ass up!” Keesha was getting a bit testy and would leave before too long. “Fuck you then Karen”, “Hang on!” Alex shouted sounding pissing off himself, Alex ran to his dads room top drawer cigs, pipe, 20 bucks and the glock. He grabbed everything but the pipe. Keesha kept knocking, Alex returned to the living room no time to hide moms and pops so he checked the gun, “coming”, “Alex?” He opened the door and stuck the gun in her face. “Keesha what a nice surprise come on in” and grabbed her quickly inside. Before she could scream he was ripping off her clothes she caught a glimpse of Karen and Ken, but a dead whore was nothing new to Keesha she was more concerned about her own life. She didn’t even bother screaming as Alex pulled her panties off and began raping her, could a whore be raped she thought all she knew was ‘knight’ would be pissed off as all hell and kill little man white boy with a pistol in one hand and her left tit in the other. She however wondered if she’d be around when ‘knight’ killed his ass. She wouldn’t wonder long. Being Alex’s first time he’d finished in under a minute. Keesha didn’t move, any movement would send Alex off, Alex sat up and zipped up his jeans which only made it to his knees “you got AIDS or shit?”, Alex gun sat in his lap “won’t matter knight gonna kill ya” Alex reached back and slapped her a good smart shot that drew blood, his dad would be proud. “Hep, AIDS?”, “No, that’s 50 bucks asshole” Alex laughed then coughed it out. He had the money he could pay her, it’d be a shame to waste her ass the finest Cooper Avenue had to offer, but then again she was right ‘Knight’ would kill him tonight whether he paid or not, if he learned that Alex slapped her around Alex had no doubt Keesha intended to tell her bad ass pimp before Alex could skip town. He was torn, he didn’t like being torn he felt the weight of the gun as he did with the bat the power was intoxicating, with it by his side he could get better then Keesha “why don’t you turn over?” Keesha smiled “ya, I knew you liked that ass”, Keesha rolled over exposing her apple shaped ass to the world “what a waste” and Alex gave her two to the back of the head. The noise broke his lunacy at least long enough to realize the next set of sirens would be coming this way, time to get some food and get it going before ‘knight’ showed up. Damn he was hungry.



Chapter 15

KOONU

Koonu was surprised to find himself alive and being treated at the local hospital. There he was treated for minor bruising and dehydration brought on by the affixation. The hospital was overrun by two dozen reporters from various media outlets, all wanting the first crack at Koonu. They pinned the murder on Rico his prints all over the knife and on his person when the cops showed up. Koonu was a different story nothing really pinned him down as an accomplice, he carried an un-licensed pistol and the van was illegally parked but outside of him laying on top of the murder the rest was circumstantial. What the newspapers wanted to know was did he get a look at the notorious Redman? Redman was making a very wide circle around the city. The victims of his attacks all had the same story before they were locked up and some never made it that far ‘they hadn’t seen a thing’. A lawyer had shown up after Koonu was patched up, one he had never seen before and by the looks of the real Armani suit and leather brief case one he could hardly afford. “Attorney Daniel P. Swartz” and extended his right hand, Koonu touched his bandaged up head “can’t afford you” and grimaced as he softly touched a sour spot. Not a bit put off Attorney Swartz put his hand back down to his side his smile ever present of his face “already taken care of” Koonu had no idea who would pay the hourly rate, Koodan was long gone. “I guess I have no choice then”, “well you could go to jail, if you’d like or we can walk out of here free men” Attorney Swartz shrugged, didn’t matter to him he’d been retained. Koonu looked beyond Attorney Swartz two waiting police officers a crowd of reporters and a serious migraine ‘screw it, let him deal with it’ Koonu thought ‘better him then me’



Chapter 16

ALEX

Alex was far from finished, he skipped town shortly after picking up some hash browns and a coke. Knight was just learning about a pro that never showed two to be exact, when Alex was watching the streets (Knight owned) flash by him as he rode the taxi east. He barely knew life outside of Cooper Ave, knew less about where he was going. He suddenly felt like a fish out of water ‘at least no sharks in these waters’ Alex thought. Alex took a deep breath as he watched Stanley Street vanish behind him Knights crew grew thinner the farther East he went, Stanley Street marked the end of Knights rule, but Knight wasn’t his only concern. Three cop cruisers with blaring sirens passed his view through the taxi’s dirty grimy window, ‘ya there’s always them’. Now that Alex had time to take it all in he knew it wouldn’t be long before the pigs were blowing his house down, before they wanted to drag him in for questioning, but he was locked up for good. ‘I’ll get life …be the first one I ever had’ Alex thought smiling a better one than he ever lived. The hardened city buildings chocking out the sun, gave way to greener spacious location ‘who said it isn’t greener on the other side, lied’ Alex thought then checked the meter already reaching sixty-five dollars. With less than 200 on him, thanks to breakfast and a pack of smokes “here’s good” Alex though about blowing away the driver same himself some money, he’d save himself 50 from killing Keesha, but that was out of fear of Knight finding out sooner then he’d like, Habib? He couldn’t care less about, so he threw 67 bucks at him. He hadn’t even realized where he was till Habib took off cursing his two dollar tip ‘should have smoked your ass too Habib’ As he threw his back pack over his shoulder he noticed he fit right in the large college campus stood 100 yards from where he was dropped off. 



Chapter 17

KNIGHT 

The dogs ruled the night and Knight ruled the dogs.
Knight reined over anything on his streets, took years to accumulate every piece of asphalt. Corner to corner, curb to curb he owned Cooper to Stanly beyond that the world grew clean and he had only a passing interest and that was eons ago. However, two days ago things got interesting to say the least. A low private in one of his gangs a street pup, landed in some heavy trouble both from the police and himself. The kid was carrying a weapon, money, and one of his women and a good deal of coke, all which could easily be traced back to him. Jail wasn’t new to Knight, just wasn’t ready for the vacation. It would have meant the private’s ass after he got pulled over for D.W.W. driving with a whore. The cop had him dead to rights coke, money in plain sight getting a blow job as he was handing the pig some excuse. Knight owned plenty of cops most not all, a bit expensive even for the luxury. Buying a whole precinct that ran some serious money, which he did not quite have. Knight watched it unfold, once a higher up in the gang reported the stop, he inched as close as he dared to catch what fool was going down. The pig drew his weapon shouting at his pup Jerome? Marcus? Couldn’t quite tell from the distant shadow he was lurking in. After a few minutes of watching Knight drew closer, ‘shit not Jerome or Marcus it was Trevor’ flesh and blood his own. He’d have fought the paternity but it was too damn obvious and what was the difference he’d be in-charge of raising most of these kids anyway. In a panic hardly Knights preferred way told his driver to inch closer, roll slow and quite was the actual order, Knight drew his gold plated Glock. The driver’s eye’s caught Knights move in the rear view mirror and produced a small Uzi, then the driver hit the brakes hard, nearly hitting some dumb fuck crossing right in front of him. The driver chuckled “accountant boy about to be in the wrong place wrong time”. Knight saw what he meant some geeky looking over dressed shit head with a red tie and suit case was walking a dead straight line, straight to Trevor that is, who was on his stomach with his boxers showing and his hands behind his head. Trevor stayed low - ‘good pups always stayed low’ if a move was to be made you were less likely to take a wild shot from that Uzi. The driver threw the in drive “hold a minute” Knights curiosity over took him staring at the scene unfolding ‘who was the shit head and why is he on my street?’ Knight thought. He didn’t look crazy or high two things that would have made this all seem like any other day to Knight but this, this was just curious. Trevor head tilted as he heard footsteps and someone approaching, he expected Knight to get his roll on he was in his car just sitting there. “Come on Knight, what the fuck you waiting on?” Trevor thought. “Knight we don’t move now?”, “where the pig going to go?” He won’t get far”, “Knight!”, “shut the fuck up” Knight was in control the cop wasn’t going to out run an Uzi or get half way down the road without taking one. The cop’s attention diverted to the accountant for a split second and the guy threw up his hands, but still approached the on-going arrest. “Boy got him a set of great big cahoney’s I’ll give’m that much” the cop raised his gun at the guy but the man just kept walking. The accountant boy knelt to the ground and leaned into Trevor’s confused face “my card” he dropped something small and square next to his face, Trevor didn’t think moving was such a great idea since dumb ass white boy was making the pigs hands shake real bad. What happened next Knight wouldn’t have believed even if someone used a video camera and played it back to him a hundred times, but he was seeing and guess seeing is believing. White boy approached the cop, the cop smiled and holstered his weapon, and then his smile faded quickly. Pointing and shouting ensued the cop was pissed but not longer armed. Cop even went for a rib kick but pulled up short, good thing curious or not Knight would not have had a choice then all hell would have broken lose. “Knight?” the driver taped his gun “wait” Knight could not make out what the hell he was witnessing, white boy patted the cop on his back and the cop composed himself and just left. Hoped into his cruiser and just vanished. Knight’s attention drawn to the cruiser disappearing never saw white boy do the same, he was gone. Trevor more confused than ever got off the ground and was dusting off his pants when Knight finally pulled up, Trevor wasn’t confused anymore he was pissed off. “Knight what the fuck you gonna let me, then this dumb white boy…what the…where is he?”, “Knight?” Knight was just as confused but never flinched flinchers were dead niggers. “Get in the damn car!” and he shoved Trevor into the back seat. His street cred was solid and no one question him, but to be shouted at on his street he could not allow that. ‘What a fucked up day two pros show up dead in the McKinley apartment…Keesha damn her ass, Alex? Gone, boy was going to pay hard, now accountant boy shows up and throws muscle on my street’ Knight was deep in thought “someone’s going down for this shit”. 



Chapter 18

GREAT DANE

Jay met Dane at the usual sparing mat, like he did every other day same time no excuses. Today Jay came dressed in a bizarre vest. “That Kevlar?” Dane a 6 foot five 235 pound jagernaught of a trainer wasn’t sure what to make of it. “Speed, not like I can take you down without it, been feeling slow lately”. “So add 30 pounds and?” Dane slipped a finger under the vest and bobbed it up and down to gage the weight. Dane shrugged “and get your ass kicked” Dane tossed Jay to the mat, Jay recovered remarkably fast before Dane could drop the elbow. “Fast, but best not get crowing just yet” Jay let Dane recover from the missed elbow and charged this time. Dane went down the smack of the fall vibrated thoroughly through the gym. Going on six years now Dane had been tutoring Jay in three different mixed martial arts. Jay had Dane in a loose submission hold he couldn’t hold on to. “Fallen Bay II, come out when?” Dane was toying with Jay no hard breathing not even the slightest signs of slowing they only began five minutes ago but Jay was feeling it with the extra Kevlar weight. Dane was a book junky read the classics rumor has it that is how Dane learned to read and speak English, Dane was currently a Fallen Bay fan, eagerly awaiting book II like many others. Dane smiled and slip on his back when Jay caught him just a bit off guard and hell Jay needed every bit of exercise practice, his feet up protecting him from Jay’s feeble attacks. Jay grabbed one of those feet and tossed it into a good hold this time; at least he thought it was good. Jay was tiring fast with the added Kevlar he gave all his effort to end the match sooner rather than later. It would be sooner but not the way Jay would have preferred. After a few more boughts and tosses, Dane saw Jay’s time running short, Dane snaked an arm around Jay’s throat “Night, night time”. Jay was out. “Puddin…oh puddin pie, wakey wakey time”. The salt went under and Jay came out. “Damn it” Jay saw the big grin on Mr. Jaugernaught gave a smirk and rolled his eyes. “Went for the kill too fast you had no strength left” Dane flexed his massive tri’s and biceps they were as large as Jay’s head. Dane struck three posses “Did you like?”, “help me up will ya and drag me to the speed bag”. “Always speed with you, power that’s what matters power” Dane flexed his left bicep and “and pain” then the right bicep. Jay felt wobbly but got to his feet stood at the mark and started rapid taps at the speed bag, slowly at first then gradually his hands grew incredible fast. “You should be a picket pocket not fighter I think”, Jay gave out at the bag “A …what? Oh…a pick pocketer? Thanks I don’t get off robbing old ladies of their bingo money”. Jay hit the bag once more with force. 



Chapter 19

CLAIRE

Claire had followed him today, sure Jay had a mean tough body laying proof he had earned every bit of it the hard way. She wasn’t even the jealous type if he wanted to screw someone behind her back, he’d pay dearly but in the end she’d survived worse. She tried to convince herself it was to figure out the birthday gift, her close friends knew nothing or sworn to some deep dark secret. Jay never heavy on conversation she figured on the early they didn’t know. She was three cars deep behind him in a rental of all things a maroon non-descript everyday Toyota. She drew in a large breath as she watched Jay pull into the gym. A small rather innocent gym with a large sign that read simply “DANE” with a small warning underneath “come get some”. She was a confident woman she wore Jay out too much even such a good lover as Jay was she left him weak in the knees and no testosterone left to do much more then walk. So why the relief? He’d been acting peculiar but then again their life didn’t actually require a black berry each came and went as they pleased it was their trust in one another and the love they shared, she felt guilty as hell for following him relieved but guilty. At least he hadn’t seen her there was that much? Satisfied she took for her meeting with her accountant Jeffrey. Jeffrey had been on her case lately about her spending more accurately her charitable contribution. “Fuck Jeffrey it’s my damn money” she was not looking forward to this meeting, but she’d put this off far too long.



Chapter 20

BACK TO DANE

Battered, bruised and tired as hell Jay dropped the Kevlar to the mat with an audible thud as it hit. “Now charge” Dane said it as if it were possible. Jay had nothing left sweat filled his t-shirt every inch of it. His knees were actually weak; his electrolytes were at bare minimum. “Can’t be serious?” Jay was bent over feeling as if lunch was coming back for a repeat. He liked the pasta sorentian at an Italian place called “Paradise” surprisingly not a strip club, but he’d doubt he’d enjoy it much coming back up. Jay waved a weak arm to shoo Dane away, couldn’t even raise his middle finger. Dane worked him good, well worth the incredible rate he was paying him. Dane barely breathing hard, little to no sweat came from his massive body “exhaustion is in your head, now push through it, or no gain, you just waste my time”. It was always funny to Jay even though Dane a born Russian (KGB Jay imagined not the beat farmer he always claimed) spoke decent English broken but decent but his body language said so much more than his mouth could. Dane slapped Jay across the face hardly leaving a mark, Jay bent back down rubbing his jaw for show it hadn’t hurt anything but his pride. Another slap followed “Christ Dane” the second a bit on the rougher side then Jay watched as Dane’s face grew with anticipation, was he really going to? Yep he was, after taking a few steps back Dane sized him up looking for the weakest drop point which seemed to give Dane a wide variety and determining which he’d take Jay down with was a hard one to decide. His arm cranked back this was going to leave a mark, unless, Jay found what little strength he had left somewhere deep inside possibly in his ball sack or that part of the brain that shouted “do something stupid or this is gonna hurt”.
Jay moved at the last possible second and swept under Dane grabbing his arm as it closed in for the kill. The force of Dane’s throw worked against him and wound up on his back. Fast, that was too fast even for Jay and he’d been spent while he did it. “The Kevlar?” Dane flat on his back looked up. Jay saw it in his eye’s “how does one move like blur?” Dane was shaken and that made Jay feel twice as freaked, nothing but nothing shook Dane. “That was, well that sure was something”. Jay looked where he had stood only moments earlier, how did he move that fast a blur? The Russian had his way of talking. Dane put a hand up for help from the mat. “Yeah I’m speedy Gonzalez”, “Congalez who is speedy Gongalez?” “Gonzalez, take too long” Dane hesitated a half second before grasping Jay’s arm hardly noticeable, but Jay had caught it. Come on how fast could he have actually moved? Probably just confused the damn Jaugernaught being that Jay was all spent. Right just took him off guard a hard thing to do.
Jay hit the locker room for a much needed shower. Fished around in his gym bag and claimed his cell phone. “Change of plans, met me at Dane’s” a short pause as the response came “cause she followed me, I need to know if she’s still out there” more from the other side of the conversation “who? She’s in a maroon Toyota”.
Jay was drying off his hair as Bob entered full uniform and looking as if a change of plans was not in his plans at all. “No wonder Claire sticks around, do you mind?” Bob furrowed his brow and placed a hand over his eyes. “I have a permit for the concealed weapon of which you speak” Jay laughed, Bob still wasn’t in the mood. “Come on Bob, like I said before it’ll be over in ten minutes tops, no fuss no muss, nice and clean”. “Yeah?” Bob took to seating facing away from Jay as Jay spritzed and powdered things, hard to believe this type frequented Dane’s. “You’re not a dirty cop you know” they’ve been over this a dozen times today “save it still wrong, what I know, what I’m about to do?” Jay knew what he meant. “Did you take a bribe? Take money? Kill an ancient kid jay-walking?” Bob threw up a halting hand “I don’t know why I’m even helping or how I got my ass into this shit”. Jay had to use his two aces crap he only got to use the aces once a year as agreed upon by both parties. Bob just wasn’t giving him any other choice in the matter. “Like to go down memory lane?” now Jay felt dirty “and two … Your sister? By the way is she?”, “No she’s gone, followed her, she’s at it again with Jeffrey” Jay smiled cautiously “she’s not stupid you can’t keep her from the truth forever, obviously she’s onto something already” Jay sighed the kink in his unflappable armor “yeah like I haven’t dreaded that very thought since this all started” Bob felt awkward she’d flip on him too “this all really worth it? Worth losing her?” Jay hoped it wouldn’t come to that he’d stop right now if he thought for a milla-second she would leave him. Claire’s reaction to the latest Redman adventure gave him hope she’d understand, would see the unquestionable good he was involved in, the means the way he went about it was a different story and he knew it. Jay had rolled the dice too many times to back away now, a past that would not leave him be, questions he desperately wanted answers too, who he was, the truth or something close to it of what he and Bob had uncovered not so long ago, he was just too invested in Redman and if he was being honest enjoying it. Bob rolled his shoulders throwing off that very memory. “No” a reluctant no…Anything else but losing her. 



Chapter 21

KNIGHT

“He what?”, “he said my card and dropped this”; Trevor fished out the card a blank whit square. The texture was off definitely paper but Xerox it wasn’t. “So he drops a card with nothing on else?” Knight was almost visible annoyed. He lived this long being able to control fear and every other weak emotion everyday people carried on their backs in their everyday lives that’s what made him stronger. However Knight wanted to kill, hell about to strangle the hell out of Trevor. Some upper echelon crew members strolled in empty handed no surprise there, “nothing guy’s a ghost” no word had reached back to them on the whereabouts of shit head a hard not to miss one at that, throwing muscle on Knights street, half the city saw it go down. In this case however everyone talked trying to please Knight made it harder following cracked up leads, but nothing panned out. “Shit figured”, “how you figure a ghost popped in saved your boy then nothing not even a fart”, “he was a pro no doubt had a get out of the jungle free card and cashed it in and well we haven’t seen the last of this fuck”, “shit me? I was him? I’d be in Tokyo by now, with the shit going to go down on him”.



Chapter 22

JAY

Jay reappeared hours later to find the house empty. The world had changed that unthinkable night that bonded himself to Bob. Everything changed and there was more to come as promised, he grabbed the Hendrix gin, no tonic left he tossed a thumb nail full into his glass, it burned on the way down, but he needed to take that edge off. The speed, it wasn’t right. If anyone could explain it that person wasn’t easy to find, impossible so far. The two car garage activated and he saw her pull in Claire, shopping bags in hand Jeffrey did that to her, pissed her off and she’d piss off Jeffrey by spending even more. Jeffrey had some right to console her, but the money seemed endless and even in the odd chance they had to liquefy there would be still be plenty to go around and then some. Money was endless time on the other hand wasn’t, a weird sick smile grew on his lips perhaps then again maybe it wasn’t for all he’d seen, anything now was possible. She popped through the door and he took her bags not that heavy but the price tags were no doubt. She kissed him on the cheek, she smelled like an ocean breeze, crazy but specifically true, and he wondered what perfume gave off that scent he wanted to buy that company. 
The remote to their 60 inch plasma laid harmlessly on the end table, she eyed it and he watched her so non-chalantly edge toward it. A smile rose to her lips and dove for it. He was right on top of her as her hand grabbed hold. “Too late sucka”. The coach held five people comfortably, they wondered why they went so large as she scooted up he slid under her, she fit on his lap as if it was designed only for her. Her weight never gave him trouble, she weighed in barely 120 pounds and the way she nestled there didn’t crush any valuables. “You know you’re a dangerous man?” she threw air quotes around the dangerous part, for half a second, half a heart beat maybe, he thought Bob missed her waiting and she “the tie, a red tie” she rolled her eye’s the ‘red tie’ she tried to say in a tough deep voice that made him chuckle. She flipped on the news with all the Redman activities and false sightings everyone was reporting anything and everything true or untrue. She stopped at a news station going on about the Redman tie theory the latest in a slew of ridiculous circus frenzy, sweeps what a great time to be alive. A masked crusader a vigilante wore the red tie.
“That’s me, you got me, and you didn’t find the tights? Tell me you didn’t?” She laughed and her wiggling as she did, did nothing for his concentration of what was on the TV. Always good practice to keep informed. Most of it was garbage. “No silly red ties are the new power tie, like color has anything to do with power”. She sure was cute when she was annoyed at the ridiculous trappings of the world. Anything but her he couldn’t lose her. “Hun?” Claire’s voice suddenly sounded concerned “What? Sorry got a bit lost in this whole tie theory” change the subject…fast…”Dane says wonca wonca?” Claire wiggle laughed again draining blood from the confused head to the one that knew what it wanted; Claire felt it how could she not. “You don’t think a former UFC heavy weight would come so cheap did you?” She squeezed both her perky tight valumpeous tits, “wonca, wonca” She nestled deeper into Jays lap filling the unconfused head that much more “He’s got such great big hands, dwarfed the ladies” her face and tone said she didn’t quite like it, but her eye’s said otherwise. He took it in stride she was goading him into their little game, he just wasn’t biting yet, they’d drive each other nuts, then one would cave and pull the other into their well used bedroom. The one that lasted the longest won. Before tonight’s festival could get underway however the door bell rang rapidly. Claire wiggled her ass off his lap gliding the length of his man hood taped her ass “victory is mine!”, “fat chance no one surrendered”, “you want to get the door?” Damn round one to Claire, she’d pay dearly. Before Claire could compose herself and was on her way to answer the interruption it rang again. Again annoyingly rapid. “Wait” Jay wasn’t feeling right about this Claire’s smile faded “trouble? Here?” Jay shrugged probably not “let me get it in any case” Jay found an image that cleared his head (the unconfused one) got to the door sticking Claire in the other room something just didn’t feel right here. With Claire safely tucked in the dining room peeking in Jay opened the door “What is the emergency? Jay was poised for a threat and immediately relaxed “Geesh Treble…Hun it’s alright it’s just Jack, What?” A look in Jacks eye’s Jack was petrified. Claire popped over “What’s going on, oh my god are you alright Jack?” Jack looked too scared to answer or maybe it was Claire’s’ presence that stopped him from answering. “Come on, I’ll get you guys a drink”. Jack slowly revealed a grin “Ass, a joke? This is a joke to you?” Jack laughed but it was way off, Claire punched him in the arm. Jack made it go limp “ouch!” “Want some ice for that?” Claire hated mean jokes and Jack ass was full of them. “A little of that scotch Jay hides for himself would be nice” Claire gave him a wicked grin “one drink and bye bye”. Claire bounded for the kitchen. “Jack you really …you gotta …what?”, “the sub-basement”, “no, no, no, everyone alright” Jay was barely able to keep his panic volume so that Claire would not over hear. Jack nodded his head. “Then what?”, “there’s a” Claire returned with an unfriendly amount of scotch on the rocks and handed it to Jack. “Sorry really sorry Claire, you know me” he gave her an exaggerated sad face “fine” and she puffed up the stairs. “So what’s wrong at the?” motion behind Jay caught Jack’s eye. “I think I might be interrupting” Jay caught site of Claire’s dress falling from the upstairs balcony, and then her g-string followed shortly after. “Everyone’s alright? No damage?” Jack nodded each answer still looking to pale to answer. Jay started guiding Jack to the door Jack let him “give me two hours I’ll meet you there”, “two really?” Jack lightened up trying desperately to get a glimpse of Claire, but there was still fear there, but like Jack said everyone’s find no damage what else could there be to warrant an early leave?
“Why does he have to be such as ass?” After such a time under the sheets with her he didn’t want to get into this. “You got to understand it’s hard for these guys you make them uncomfortable”, “oh give me a damn break, these guys have been around long enough”, “it’s a curse you have to bare Hun, too easy on the eye’s”. Jay was preoccupied for sure, barely in the conversation she played Devils temptation now she’d just play Devil “I’m pregnant”, “you got to give the fella’s a little more…wait what?” “What’s going on Jay?” no he was definitely somewhere else but where? “It’s Jack…he says there’s a problem with…” a lie would be better suited for this but she was watching for any sign of one. “Your present” he was starting to feel like Obi Wan Kenobi a lying truth. “Oh?” she wasn’t buying it “Jack knows?”, “well Jacks…I’ve said too much” she crossed her arms across her bare chest good lord they were delicious. “I need to figure out what’s going on and fix it; I’m almost out of time”. She wasn’t happy the way her day had turned out. He kissed her exposed knee “won’t be long I promise”.
Jay arrived to the site a little after mid-night. Sourly wishing he was collapsing into round two with Claire instead of here. He started counting heads when he got out of his car six accounted for all healthy no one bleeding “Jay Christ thank god you’re here…YO! Jack Jay’s here”, Pube looked skittish like a squirrel ramped up on Jolt cola. “You missed some fun Jay”, Jay thought about how he spent the last hour “doubt that, where’s Jack?”, “Oh man he’s in the hole dude, ya got to get down there shits freaky!” Even thought the hole as the crew designated the sub-basement was lit up Jack and Bill had those huge flash lights that took those even larger square batteries and were shinning them into the corners, their beams barely touched when they turned toward each other. Jack looked ill, Bill looked worse so much for the Weller. “You drag me out of Claire’s warm loving arms for a rodent problem?” Both Jack and Bill jumped at the sound of Jay’s voice. Bill wielding a shovel looked about to bash him with it. “Well at least that’s not a gun” Jay shrugged. “Shhhh” Jack said and put a finger to his lips. Nothing happened Jay wasn’t sure what was supposed to happen, but nothing did. Jay went to say something and Jack shushed him again this time pointing to his ear, listen? Listen for what? The remaining crew stood on ground level all wielding some form of weapondary, shovels 2x4’s and iron rods, just what the hell was going on here? Both Jack and Bill gave up after five minutes of searching and listening. “So what is this all about?” Jay wanted answers Bill ran for the stair case to climb out. With the light from above and the basement thoroughly checked Jack shut off his flashlight and Jay finally got his answer.



Chapter 23

ALEX

Alex’s short reign of terror carried him through two months. He found himself a nice little nook in a forgotten burned out warn down barn where his only companions were a few stray cats, a handful of mice and an occasional visit from an owl. He’d have shot the stupid owl if he had any more bullets in the Glock. The barn was in a great location close enough to campus, but set off the main road just enough not to warrant any real attention the major plus really was “Knight” was no where nearby, that he didn’t quite fear venturing out into it. His plan was simple and it worked out great after learning the layout of the campus he’d found the library. There he’d sit appearing to study even learned a few of the professor’s names and classes they taught. If someone struck up a conversation and he was reading a History book he’d claim the current professor. Since it was his only form of entertainment he took up the reading, a different time, a different life, perhaps he’d have gone. Things as they were, at least one victim would stroll in, young cute alone and desperate looking, all of which fit Alex’s criteria which was no more than a pulse, even that seemed unnecessary as of late. His first victim a blonde a little on the heavy side, long hair pulled back and tied into a pony tail. She wore lose baggy sweat pants and tight college t-shirt obviously not wearing a bra. He slid over to her striking up a conversation on long overdue papers, he took his time, even tried to help her out with a problem, all just to inch closer to her. He’d offer to take her for coffee and once their eyes sparkled with glad acceptance Alex’s real work began. It wasn’t as if he had to beg for the sex, most of them invited it with a smile, it was the awful look in their eyes when he was finished. He erased those looks from mom, dad and that sweet ass of a whore Keesha he found it much easier to erase it from these girls who thought he was a waste of their time. Each scene progressively got more gruesome, necks snapped, limbs missing, eyes gouged out of their skulls always the eye’s the eye’s had to go. Seven girls in all found a horrible end, until the eighth girl managed to free herself while Alex was taking a leak and found the nearest campus police officer. Soon the whole campus was on lock down real police taken on the hunt and cornered Alex in his barn, he’d have his fun, so he simply just gave up. 
He was quick easy prey once he hit prison. Once word circled like wild fire that he’d just had sweet young college pussy a line formed, everyone wanted a piece that close to college ass that they could smell it on him. Two or three times a night they’d come excuse the cell mate less he wanted some too, at the end of the first week he’d had enough, something inside of Alex finally snapped off, the last shred of a soul? Last bit of hope? Neither Alex never processed a single one; it was sanity that finally let go its final thread. It took a cell swat team to tear him off his last victim. Alex managed to fashion a shive he pounced he’d seen enough prison movies to make a decent useable shive. They maced him and he still kept attacking as if hoped up on a serious bio-chemical that made you feel no pain. A pool of blood flowed from once was Jimmie’s face, more blood then a face had the right to bleed. Alex’s relentless attack finally ended as the team of five finally managed to pull him off. Almost in unison they all exclaimed “damn!” as they were witness to Alex’s brutality, thus earning Alex the “Damn”. You couldn’t tell where an eye socket started or ended the same with the nostrils and mouth Alex made a fine mess a very fine mess. 



Chapter 24

PETER

Word had found Peter’s ear of what Alex had done. The one that brought the news looked ill just informing Peter the details. Peter lifted a tired eye-lid “let him cool how long in the hole?”, “two weeks, you should put him down boss he aint right”. Joe tapped the side of his head “no not right at all”. Peter didn’t enjoy being advised on how to run his prison, “did you partake?” Joe didn’t answer for awhile “he smelled just like…”, “just be glad it wasn’t you then”. Peter didn’t think Joe queer just wrong in his thinking of how to now deal with Alex. Peter closed a small bedside bible he’d been engrossed in more than the conversation with Joe. Peter took care taking his reading glasses off, “when he gets out, no one touches Alex is it?”, “but boss if you saw what this guy did” Peter was done “not a hard order to follow, spread the word”, Joe went to say it was impossible Peter put a hand up “just spread the word, the boys had their fun it ends now” Joe reluctantly acknowledged with a nod “oh and Joe this Alex I’ll be having lunch with him day after he gets out of the hole and Joe if he’s been touched I’m holding you personally responsible, … and Joe I’m sure Alex would love to mess your pretty face up to, so see to it that he is protected”



Chapter 25

JAY AND BOB

“Why him?” Bob didn’t like the plan, it was his ass in the cross hairs and nothing ever was as easy as Jay claimed them to be. “It’s his street and if a favor is to be granted it’s got to be his”. Jay wasn’t sure as he led on, a number of things could easily go wrong, and they could both end up dead. “Favors Knight does not give out easily and who’s to say he even will?”, “oh he will, leave that up to me”, “ya can’t muscle Knight even if we manage to see another day and not get ourselves killed, this plan of yours won’t end well”. The coffee shop smelled of thick percolating coffee and burnt cheese. The waitress on the young side of thirty poured the sludge into their cups. She’d eyed Bob smiled in his direction “anything to eat fella’s?” Bob cracked wise about the tasty cheese smell and still ordered an omelet which made the waitress laugh obviously into him. Jay declined while adding more sugar to his coffee, the waitress off to retrieve Bob’s omelet. “You want some coffee with your sugar?” Bob was on fire with the wise-ass remarks. Their booth was facing the street as a few pickups rolled past; Jay was lost in a major thought. “There’s something I need to get off my chest” Jay said staring out the grimly painted window. “Do I even want to know?”, “nope, you especially you don’t” Bob took the rest of his coffee with a gulp hoping no doubt that the cute blonde waitress would return to fill it. “Then don’t” Bob shifted in his booth, the front door bell rang as two heavy set trucker types entered. “Has to do with Baine” Jay wasn’t even comfortable saying the name let alone the rest he had to tell Bob. “Christ Jay!” Bob knocked over his empty coffee mug but before it could smash to the floor Jay grabbed it and placed it back in front of Bob. If anyone else noticed the incident they didn’t show it, with most people minding to their own. Bob just stared at the cup that shouldn’t still be in one piece trying to make some sort of sense of what he’d just witness Jay do, coming up with nothing. “Blaine?” was all he was able to hiss through his teeth. “Give me another explanation?” Jay held Bob’s eye’s when they met his. “When? How? Why?” Bob glanced around The Morning Joe only stopping to meet the waitress’s smile, raised his cup at her and returned the smile. She refilled Bob’s cup and touched his arm when he started with the charm, Jay figured she’d be passing her panties soon, they all did, and he just made it look too damn easy. Bob returned to the conversation “fucking Baine, you hear from him since?” Jay shook his head, “you saw how he moved now I seem to be able to duplicate it” Jay’s confidence returned. “This you’ll use against Knight I suppose?”, “sure good tool, wouldn’t you say?”, “you even know what it is?”, “much as you do”. Bob had a good idea of when, didn’t care how he wouldn’t understand it anyway, but “why though, not like he’s apt to help much, skittish ass blurred out”. “Consider what he’s got going”, “even if that’s true…I know I know”, “fair enough if what he claims is true he took one hell of a risk” Jay found it odd defending Baine when Jay would strangle the life out of him himself if he only knew how to find the prick. The waitress returned with the check Jay caught the seven digits on the bottom and took a hard look at Bob “got to be the uniform”; Bob puffed out his chest “all about the charm”.



Chapter 26

PETER

Two weeks flew by for Peter time ran twice as fast, with the end looming straight in sight of him. Joe had stopped by earlier letting him know the word was passed no one was to touch Alex. “If they listen” Joe wasn’t exactly positive on the matter. “They’ll listen, just fine” Peter again reading his bible which was nearing its end. Peter may just finish before the last words; he laid the book on his bed. “And you can keep your ding-ding in your pants?” Joe wasn’t precisely comfortable with the turn of conversation he didn’t consider himself homosexual just boy it’s been a long time since…and Alex he just had… It was all delightful. “No worries from me boss”. 
The boys weren’t exactly thrilled with the news about Alex. There were dibs, bids and currency passed, arguments over who had rights to him were the norm if such things ever could be considered normal, however they would for now that is do what was ordered, even the lawlessness had to have order. Peters reach within the system was known throughout the prison and some transferee’s even heard of his power still proceeding on the outside world. If Peter said die, someone wasn’t making roll call. As Alex was released back into general population and preceded to the chow line a wide bubble was given to him. Alex’s eye’s were no longer focused on the present but somehow managed to shuffle his way through the line of what once might have been considered edible food. The official order was “no touching”, but that wouldn’t stop the boys from chatting it up with ole’ Alex “Got #6 Alex” Alex gave no response “6! Cost me a fortune to get that high a pick” Alex’s eyes were still unfocused his movement’s mechanical at best. The small creature that use to be a man drew close and took a deep inhale inside of Alex’s bubble. “Still smell them on you” Alex never heard a sound never flinched never missed a shuffled move to the next sort of edible food. “Ya hear what I’m saying boy? Ya you do, ya know exactly what I’m saying” the toothless smile of the small creature faded but didn’t vanish. Alex found a table and the space they gave him increased he nearly had the table to himself, outside of a few major body builders that were even out of reach of Peter managed the nerve to not give a crap. He sat with his tray dropped in front of him he didn’t eat, just stared at his plate and hunched over Alex began to slowly rock back and forth. With limited space as it was and now Alex’s bubble the chow crowd was getting ready to explode a shoving match was going to get out of hand and swiftly, guards prepared to intervene when all came to a sudden stop, except for Alex’s swaying no one moved. Peter had joined them a rare occasion at best and he was carrying a yellow rose in a small vase on his tray which Joe was carrying for him. The yellow rose, it meant only one thing Peter was here on official business.



Chapter 27

JASON 

A soft but very audible scratching sound filled the finished basement. The crew had first heard it as they were laying the final pieces. “You called me here for a mole?” Jay knew damn well it wasn’t a mole, but damn it, Baine had some explaining to do. Jack flicked his light back on trying to find the source. The darkness was thickening the starless night gave no illumination even the moon partially hidden behind some thick clouds seemed duller than usual. As soon as Jacks light sparked a corner the disturbing noise ceased. “See? Mole!”, “mole my ass” Jack played with the light on-off, off-on, on-off producing the same mole like response. A mole it certainly was not but whatever it was didn’t quite like the light, and the large ones on ground level weren’t close enough to effect whatever was making this sound, but the simple one he held in his hand made the difference. 
Baine heard the connection trip, felt Jay’s panic button turn red, he knew that didn’t bold well. Baine was an average looking 50 years old 5’ 3, thinner then he’d like to be, dark jet black hair pulled back, the first signs of aging around the dark blue eye’s - if you looked deep into those eye’s you would know they were eye’s of a man who had seen too much, knew too much and was vaguely tired of it all. His dark brown skin gave proof to a Mid-Eastern decent. As a child eons ago his now dark blue eye’s shined like the brightest Caribbean Ocean’s he was deemed a “God” for those eye’s well that and his blood line. Unfortunately that wasn’t the case, a god? Baine scoffed at the idea, if that was true he wouldn’t be so damned tired of the battle or the waiting, Apocalypse or Armageddon whatever you wanted to call it sure was taking its sweet-ass time getting here. That wasn’t so true Five of the Seven gates of Hell in a very simplified version of what it really was had already been unleashed upon the world. Some decades of humanity paid the price once a günahkâr decided to take a human host. A günahkâr the very thing that decided to waken up under Jay’s “sub-basement” there was only two ways a günahkâr would awaken one the günahkâr had found a host which was not possible he’d have known or two the günahkâr egg had found a host it deemed worthy of its possession and was gradually making its way to it, which would explain the scratching sound Jay had correctly determined was in fact the günahkâr and not a “mole”. A god Baine was not he was just something different. No not human for the lifetimes he’d have he’d never taken the last ride to the resting place. He could be hurt the countless scares on his back the one across his face, the günahkâr had nearly ripped off his face, he was lucky it only slightly blurred his vision as it’s claws racked across his face. Then there’s the speed, he could be anywhere in a matter of seconds China, Russia, his homeland of Egypt where he’d be more god like now, then when he was a pampered child who knew nothing about nothing only that he was god. No he had to be here had to be watching for a gate, had to be chaperoning a champion and Jay of all people had messed even that up. Nothing seemed to be going quite right but soldiers would be needed in an endless battle one was almost but certainly not exactly as good as the next. It was suppose to be her. She, the one of green emerald eye’s the eye’s that bore into Baines soul that confused him into submission before she would request it, if she gave the word. Most Cana’s choices for hosts were obvious and numerous, there was only one true rule of thumb the host would get power all they had to do was except it willingly. The procedure was very gruesome and you’d lose your soul, but günahkâr choices rarely cared for such trivial things and had less use for one. Lately in a sense of endless time that is the Cana’s choices were becoming slightly trickier. Gangas Khan where yet another günahkâr egg lay in wait haven used up all Khan’s DNA and that grave sight of unknown location would hardly see another host even close to it. DNA is where the günahkâr took all its strength from, once used up the günahkâr become harmless and powerless unless another suitable host became available and close enough to offer its deranged power. An obvious choice Khan was. Mussolini again obvious once the günahkâr took over, Hitler was third; his mad scientist efforts were a side effect of the Cana’s curiosity. Fourth is where it took U.S. or United Sanction a Area 51 group dedicated to stopping Armageddon and the Cana’s mostly made up of Champions such as Bain, though not gods they were close to it, but Cana’s were anti-gods able to destroy a member of the U.S.. It took U.S. the longest time to decipher because the host resisted as long as he could. J.F.K., the man’s strength and good intentions was not an obvious günahkâr choice; Baine had no idea what they were thinking. Perhaps it was a test of their own strength, a power trip gone wrong. The masses had no idea what effort it took John Fitzgerald Kennedy to never thumb the big red button, Oswald no, grassy knoll? Nope. Baine was much closer then that a damn shame, but there was no way around it. The button was going to be pushed in no longer than two hours after that fateful car ride, U.S. waited to the last second. Currently number five was under careful watch, parole for good behavior as if that was the cause the günahkâr had taken a host but before the full transformation could be performed the host died leaving the günahkâr in limbo in a lifeless body harmless detestable thing but harmless none the less. The U.S. still did not trust it. Shortly after they captured number five and had it in the confines of Area 51 outnumbered by the United Sanction and seemingly powerless they let it free. Or it escaped and there were other problems to deal with outside a harmless günahkâr so they called it Parole and checked in on it, some people claim it as big foot or some other abominable snowman type beast. They United Sanction once had outnumbered the Cana, but after several battles had lost quite a few, so they began championing everyday type people and giving them an incantation, such as the one Baine had lent to Jay. Though it wasn’t supposed to be Jay. Just like the günahkâr choosing a host, the United Sanction carefully chose their champions very carefully. Baine’s choice was not Jay. Jay was just too involved and he could not be killed do to Baine’s actual choice. It was either kill Jay and his Champion or give Jay the incantation and hope for the best. Since the United Sanctions had not yet found a way to destroy the Cana’s eggs lord knows they’ve been trying for decades. The best U.S. could do is hide the eggs in the deepest darkest corners of the world never to see the light of day or another host not till they could find that way. Khan’s final resting spot, in the front pocket of Edward John Smith the Captain of the Titanic, Jimmy Hoffa’s back pocket, Earhart’s flight helmet, the world today was getting dangerously close to those eggs; it was an Easter egg hunt from hell. Baine decided the one in Hoffa’s body was in the most danger way too close he convinced the United Sanction to move it, but where, and Jay began to dig, no place particular, no where special, and no where Hoffa’s body was even mentioned in passing. Perfect. Till now. Why now? What had made the günahkâr move? Not since Train murderer was there a true everyday psycho path deemed worthy of a günahkâr and careful watch of the news and historically evil presence did not rear its ugly head. The Sanctions must have missed someone, and the günahkâr was inching its way there. The Sanctions decided to be there when the transformation was taken place, that’ll be two harmless günahkâr down. It had to time it perfectly which meant they’d have to find what the günahkâr had no doubt already found. 



Chapter 28

JACK and JAY

“A mole! That’s what you want me to swallow?” Jay and Jack found themselves alone in the trailer after convincing the rest of the crew that indeed due to the facts at hand yep a mole see? Light goes on no noise; never hear it in the day time. “What else could it be?”, “you tell me Jack?” Jack had no answer but no freaking mole could scratch that foundation let alone make enough of a racket to be heard surface level. “Why don’t you tell me Jay?” “me! How the hell should I know, I gave you my best guess, at least one that makes any sense.” Jay’s phone rang “Yes Claire shortly, very shortly, everyone’s fine, Jack says sorry by the way, love you too”. Jay stood to exit the trailer and Jack threw an arm bar blocking his only exit “all I know is it’s adding up but makes no sense, first you build a sub-basement with the oddest material, the material itself was odd enough the strongest and might I add the most expensive but then you had us reinforce those” Jay rolled his eyes “Redman, like I said underground I don’t want” “sure sure, I get it, but you over killed it by a ton and then some” “can’t be too careful with this set-up you of all people should know that”. Jack knew that wasn’t true Jay over killed the sub-basement was more of a bomb shelter then a basement, the thing would out last two nuclear holocausts and still be unscathed. Jack released the arm bar, “guess it’s still your money”. Jack wasn’t buying it not for a second. “No more night calls, I don’t know what’s down there, but I won’t put my people in any danger, mole or otherwise”. Jay laughed at Jacks’ revolution of the noise, “ditto, you know Claire’s asleep now right?” Jack still without much color was at least visibly calming down. He knew it wasn’t a mole, but wasn’t about to tell Jack what actually laid underneath all that extra reinforcement, even if that was true it shouldn’t be unless Baine lied. Where would he even begin to explain? Jack continued to relax as they went to turn off the bights as dawn was breaking through. Jay watched as Jack took off in his newly acquired 4x4, “Damn it Baine, what the hell is going on?” Jay’s cell phone rang, he must have dozed off, he checked the car’s interior clock 6:30 a.m., “Shit!”, “Where have you been?”, “Sorry Claire seriously it was unavoidable” Jay had made it home in record time, still took him an hour and a half. He’d called, rather she’d called him in the wee hours, but she was still overly worried, it was unlike her, yet it was unlike himself to have ventured out all evening long. She was not too happy when he arrived, he couldn’t blame her. “The equipment was vandalized?” “Damn she was paying too close attention she’d put it together sooner or later and he was drained of any Kenobi like answers. He wished he’d have anything in the tank but had to come clean, if anytime was a good time it was now. “I bought lot #106”. She had two dozen sites surely she wouldn’t “#106? Cedar Hill I sold that to a corporation” she eyed Jay he was half asleep where he stood then nearly collapsed into the kitchen nook. She poured him a very large cup of coffee they way he liked it more sugar then coffee with a dab of cream. He stared at it like there was nothing else in the room not even her. She held it just out of his greedy reach. “Speak!” she was done with the games. He tore his eye’s from the coffee and pointed to himself “Kings Highway Corporation”, “your Kings Highway?” his eye’s pleaded, she could not take it any longer to see him looking so desperate was breaking her heart, and she slid the cup to him. “The late nights, a construction crew chief, the Corporation?” She sat down opposite him in the nook exasperated looking as if she was doing a very long division problem. “I’m not even sure I want to know” She had poured herself a cup of coffee and took a sip. They’ve been married for four years not too long, but long enough to know Jay was an excellent choice for a lifelong partner, but lately his actions worried her. As she stirred her coffee, a habit they both shared in common, although their coffees had already been stirred the spoons remained in their cups and they’d occasionally stir it again. She met Jay’s eyes and he was smiling she was on the verge of calling him every name in the book; make up a few on the fly and Google search other languages when those all ran through her perfectly white straight teeth. “You’re not easy to keep a secret from.” His dopey drunk looking face annoyed her and amused her at the same time, he was spent and she was going in for the kill. “That being what secret?” she returned a smile probably destroying any barrier he had left in him. “Your present”, she was going on about how if her present had caused this much grief he could forget it and buy her some nice jewelry instead, she occasionally liked the sparklingly jewels…when a loud thud occurred. Jay had passed out coffee and all. He awoke a little past 1:00 felt like he slept the whole day through. Re-charged he tried to conjure up what happened so he followed his train of thought, Jack called, the noise, Baine involved, Jack didn’t buy the mole, was late very late going home, Claire, Claire was upset, then Claire walked into the room. He was half dressed and continued to do so. “Awake already?” her tone he could tell she wasn’t thrilled with him. He needed to change that. The usual brightness that followed her into any room was a dull cloudy day’s worth at best. “I didn’t mean to keep it all from you, just wanted it to be a surprise that’s all”, Jay was annoyed, why’d he’d have to explain more? “Just didn’t like that you were able to keep it all from me how easily you…lied” she did not fail to use the word Jay obviously avoided. He finished dressing and grabbed his boots. “Keep it from you? Last time I checked the cat crawled out of the bag didn’t it?” He laced his boots, “got anything smaller then a two inch heel?” He knew she did in fact he tossed them at her feet. They probably wouldn’t fare as well as his boots, but they’d have to do. By the look on her face and the sudden intake of breath he’d caught her off guard. It was obvious something else was about to come out of her mouth, instead she could barely manage “and these are for?” “A J-Crew catalog photo-op, but they’ll have to do, because since this whole thing just blew up in my face”, he smiled he was taking every lead in the conversation and she was still clueless so she followed easily “do for what?”, “time to show you what’s going on” at least a very small portion of it he thought. 
She took the boots off the floor, “I trust you” she stared at the boots why’d she feel the need to say that, were they fighting? She tried but couldn’t recall the last time from memory. “I know you do” he didn’t sound angry, not himself no, but not angry. She wanted him back. “Then I don’t want to go” there wasn’t another woman she was sure of that, but now rage was over ran by guilt. “Sure you do nothing more right now for the want of you to do”. He was smiling there’s that, he almost sounded eager to show her, though he’d worked so hard to keep this from her he’d created a fake corporation, knowing Jay they way she did, it wasn’t a fake corporation, which meant there was more going on. “Why, what’s changed?” Her warmth was peeking through the clouds their tiff slowly weaning away “nothing more I want to do right now but to show you”, not true the guys could use another day or two, the next few steps of the building were pre-fabricated even so it’d take a few days to cover the obscure basement even an untrained eye could tell it wasn’t merely a basement, then he’d have to explain more, which he wasn’t about to do, not today. “So if you don’t mind” he handed her, her boots she’d neglected earlier. “Nope” she crossed her arms across her chest “Claire! Just put them on, presents are supposed to be fun and exciting any part of the last two days fun for you?” She was conflicted, she hated been conflicted or indecisive, on one hand she did want to know what the big deal was, on the other hand her husband went to unimaginable lengths to keep this from her just so he could finally surprise her. She grabbed the boots from him “fine!” a thunder clap in the not so far off distance crashed “Not today!” a moral victory but she’d take it. She smiled happy with it, she knew the weather had a chance of terrible rain a little earlier than anyone predicted but who could trust the networks? She stood towering above him as he took refuge on their love seat like a lioness over her prey, he placed each of his strong hands on her hops and with each thumb managed to pull up her shirt exposing a small portion of her exquisite mid-section and placed a gentle kiss there, she could feel his smile as her slender body reacted to his touch. “I guess there is something you’d rather do?” Against her own will she tugged her shirt back down. “I on the other hand wish to go shopping”. Even though the rain had come the room seemed to glow again he knew it wasn’t the lack of sun that had diminished the room earlier and the lack there of now further gave proof it was all her, he’d give her the world if it was in his ability to do so.



Chapter 29

PETER

As Peter took his napkin and placed it on his lap he felt every eye and ear sensitive to his coming. He fixed the yellow rose in its vase, gave a small prayer then cleared his throat much louder than needed. The cafeteria was so quite he imagined even the cook had heard his prayer to the all father. The crowd returned to its normal self though a bit quieter than usual, so Peter kept it down “Good afternoon Alex”, Alex stopped his rocking, way past gone now it was perhaps the only response Alex was capable of giving. Sanity had run its final course for Alex. “I hear that you made a few friends in the hole” Word was Alex had been pushed too far, to quickly came out of the whole with a couple extra fellows’ voices in his head. “That does happen many a time, some say I speak to another voice not there, it’s true I tell you, however that voice belongs to the all father, I’m curious who is speaking in your head”. Alex began his rocking once more; a voice inside Alex laughed “who cares! Old man”, yet another voice for there was two to balance it all out said “He saved you Alex show some respect”. Alex had missed what the old man was saying and stopped rocking seemed to shut up the other voices temporarily at least. “Now Alex, boys will be boys and they’ve had their fun, but there’ll be no more of that, that” Peter composed himself “well you know”. Alex found his plastic spoon in his hand it was neither a conscious or sub-conscious movement pure desire that was all. Alex imagined repeatedly stabbing the old man in the face with it. Peter witnessed the hand movement and it didn’t take a rocket scientist to see where this was going to lead. “Now that would prove only undesirable results for the both of us”. Peter sliced a piece of the meat of the day or was it chicken and placed it in his mouth, denying the fact he felt threatened in anyway. He chewed the meat he proclaimed it to be meat, though it was iffy at best, how he longed to feast like he once did. He swallowed his mouthful, “Since I’ve come barring a gift that is”. Both voices sprang at Alex “A GIFT!” and Alex placed the spoon back down and his rocking continued “A gift Alex, how simply wonderful, a first for us, a true gift, no blue thumper we let’s face it stole after that little league baseball game”, and yet the other voice had his say as well “right! Your dad gave you gifts; you know the beatings the cigar burns, thanks to that thumper well he can go straight to hell with those gifts, just kill this old bastard now”. The voice seemed bored that the action had not yet taken place. Peter watched satisfied and no sign of relief as the spoon lay once again harmlessly on the table. A smile came to Alex’s face he did not feel it and did not create it, it just was. “Good for the both of us I presume, now Alex as for your gift”.



Chapter 30

KOONU

The doc came back shuffling through the frenzy giving the old “no comment” response seriously a guy came in complaining of head wounds fixed him up, but apparently this was news worthy, he patched him up best he could other than that Dr. Henderson didn’t want or care to have a clue, so he handed Koonu a sample of Advil, “if you start feeling dizzy or nauseated don’t hesitate to come back in.” Attorney Swartz exit’s the bathroom, “how’s my client doc?”, “he’ll be fine”, “shame, but there’s always suffering”. The doc had dealt with worse and gave a quick false smile then let that smile drop. “Now as I’ve cleared your client for release, I suggest the two of you do just that”. “I think that’s a fabulous idea Doc” Swartz leaned in toward Koonu and rolled an arm under him a huge exaggeration Koonu needed no help, Koonu was about to say so, then he got the idea. Walk away with minor bruises no sympathy, walk away under help and ill will and quickly they’d see a victim. “Yes I victim look what mad man did to poor Koonu” he’d perfect it all later right now, it was the Swartz Show. “My client will have a follow-up yes?” It was a statement rather than a question. Doc Henderson had seen better acting on one of those reality TV. Shows that had been popping up lately. His teenage daughter made him watch an episode once and that was plenty. “If he feels ill or dizzy” Doc knew the answer, sure he would nothing better than a paper trial of injuries for the so called victim, the Doc had no grand illusions that Koonu just happened to be smoking outside a friend’s house at that hour and was attacked for no good reason. “We’ll play it by ear Doc, but I want at least the first one to be scheduled, these injuries look pretty bad, I mean I’m know Doc but”. Doc Henderson looked at Koonu, listed the injuries in his head, a laceration easily stitched a few bruises a little dehydration, Doc was a little more concerned about brain damage but guessed Koonu, didn’t quite use much of it to begin with. “See the receptionist on the way out”. Doc ended the conversation dryly getting pity from him would require much better acting skills. Swartz grinned “Amber”. Doc Henderson? The feelings were mutual they both bilked their clients helped those who maybe didn’t deserve any help at all, but Amber she was a different story altogether. She was barely out of college everything still tight and perky; if he was 15 years younger she’d be slapping his face at some local bar. “Amber! Sweetie how’s it going?” he didn’t say he wouldn’t try, he was an attorney after all, o.k., maybe a sleazy defense attorney more, but the degree still held up by a tack said he was one without the adjective. Maybe after Amber got tired of screwing old Doc Henderson she’d try for an attorney one could only hope. “Attorney Swartz” she exaggerated the z, and he found it sexy, if she said “go f yourself” he would have found it sexy. She oozed sexy, her lips curled into a smile and her piercing blue eyes were mesmerizing, he’d probably lose himself there if she wasn’t wearing a just low enough cut top that exposed just the right amount of cleavage to make a man lose his train of thought, which Daniel did. Koonu coughed and groaned peeking outside the receptionist area the news camera’s waited. Koonu’s groan popped Daniel out of the trance found his hand around the medical records form, pre-dated, pre-signed and already billed for, “Koonu needs a follow up next week and if you would be so kind to fax me anything old Doc there puts to pen and scribble I’d appreciate it”, “not a problem as always you’ve made my job much easier attorney Swartz” she tucked the paperwork into her in-box giving it just a courtesy glance this was not Attorney Swartz first time in her receptionist office.”Can I say, you’re looking lovely as ever”, she blushed only for a moment so used to compliments she was they barely fazed her anymore especially from Attorney Swartz. An Attorney she thought she let it rumble around in her head he wasn’t half bad looking and half Doc’s age “always the charmer” she smiled letting it fill her face “Do me a favor and I’ll owe you big time” she was offering a favor. “Big time” he thought his only opportunity presenting itself ‘crown jewels? Private jet?’ “Sure anything for you Amber” he made it sound light and funny not so much with the creepy he wasn’t sure how she took it. She leaned forward and motioned for Daniel to do the same “Get that circus of yours out of here” she thumbed her deliqet digit to the waiting room. She brushed her hair back from her eyes and smiled again. “I’ll do my best, you know “Right to know” crap might even pull “Freedom of the Press” you know they’re gonna pull” She pouted wrinkling her lips as if she would cry. The last thing she’d do. He made a finger gun and pulled the trigger “not a problem” fixing the answer “I’ll draggem out of her kicking and screaming if I got to”. How cheesy, he groaned once he hit the waiting room, both for the cheesy and the media circus, he had associates for this mess, but Black Neves Corporation paying Koonu’s bills said he should be involved in each and every step. Deep pockets remember they have deep pockets just how deep Daniel wanted to find out. Plus his hourly rate was much higher than associates which he thought he made very clear, still Black Neves wanted him on each leg starting from the hospital to walking free. Daniel Swartz had no reason for good PR they hated him just as much as the countless thugs, rapists and corporate greedy mongers he got off with nearly a slap on their wrists. He was making a large sum of money with their help who cared if they hated him. This time however was a bit different ‘that’s an understatement he thought’ he needed them this time. Sure Koonu looked the part with a list of priors an unregistered gun and being in the wrong place at the wrong time this was not going to be easy, but they didn’t make him a partner for nothing. He looked at Koonu disheveled ripped jeans his sweaty bloody shirt and Koonu looked well past the need for a good long hot shower maybe some lava soap from Waltersmart. O.k. figuratively Koonu had to look good, Daniel grinned a Grinch like grin Koonu couldn’t have looked better at least at this particular time. Cameras flashed, microphones with 3’s, 5’s and 8’s shoved in his face ‘time to play the good guy’ he thought “People I know your amendment rights and I’m sure your aware of Koonu’s right to protect his medical records which are classified” he brushed Koonu forward to his left just out of reach of the microphones, but they now could get a really good look, Daniel let the camera’s flash, “as you can see my client has had better days”. “Did you see Redman?”, “Where’s the tie now?”, “any idea what he wanted?”, “Did he say anything at all?” Koonu could barely hear the questions and his attorney advised him not to answer any “So, as you can clearly see, this is a working hospital which we seem to be in the way”, Daniel meant the we and made damn sure they heard that we, ‘we are in this together, read me loud and clear’ Daniel thought to them, if only they could hear him. They seemed more wrapped up in this Redman menace, which was the true crime here, not poor Koonu, he’d have to feed them ever so carefully. “If you would just follow Koonu and I outside and away from any entrance doors so that the Doctors here can do their jobs like saving people like Koonu here, I’m sure they’d appreciate it, I’ll be more than happy to answer a few questions the one’s I can” he corrected himself. He looked at Koonu and Koonu nodded Daniel smiled ‘people like Koonu? Koonu was lucky to be alive guilty or not that wasn’t up to him but it was up to him to make Koonu look good’. The wheels were in motion a very good start a good start indeed for the defense team of Koonu. Just as planned anyway.



Chapter 31

JAY AND BOB

“Really hunting?” Jay’s hobby list was a short one, Claire, eat and drink. “What are you some sort of activist or something?” Jay laughed he was far from some crazed out activist as Bob prepared their riffles “I’ve seen you shoot at the range, you got a nice shot”. “No, just usually my food comes prepared with a sprig of green and a bottle of Cognac” ‘I thought so, wished you were an activist’ Bob thought. Jay and Claire were getting serious and him her only living relative took it upon himself to protect her from the money grabbers. Bob had to get to know Jay better, all Bob really knew about Jay was or appeared to be clean cut, sophisticated and well off, but his gut told him there was more, told him it didn’t add up. His cop gut kept him alive and well for the past ten years he wasn’t going to ignore it now and alarms were ringing deep in his belly. Until those bells stopped ringing he wouldn’t consent to wedding vows and though Claire was young she was as old fashioned as grandma Shelly, god rest her soul. 
Bob had heard of rags to riches though as compared to the McKinley’s Jay might as well live under that bridge of his in that book. What really bothered Bob was the kid was too clean not a speeding ticket, not a jay-walking ticket not a parking violation, and he looked twice but found nothing? Maybe he was reading too much into it. Jay’s parents died while he was young, but was vague about what happened afterward, raised by his grandparents till they passed at that time Jay was already taking care of himself two jobs took up writing found he had a nock for it and chased the dream. Bob handed Jay the boots giving him no way of backing out. “We’ll take it easy, just stay close I’ll spot’em, see if you can knock’em down”. Jay wasn’t looking to back out but he’d never harmed a living soul let alone drop a ten point buck, well harm being loosely used. “A Kimber Model 84M Classic nice!” Jay seemed pleased with Bob’s riffle selection; the bells rang again deafening Bob’s ears. “You’ve used one before?” ‘Thought you were a novice kid?’ Bob’s cop instinct kicked into over drive. “Me? No, the book, did some research on them, deadly accurate piece” Bob flung a back pack over his shoulder “Well accurate in trained hands anyway, paper targets one thing moving target ready to bolt different thing altogether”. Bob didn’t buy the research answer, too eager when he touched it, the way Jay’s handling it, if I didn’t know any better it aint the first time a Kimber was in Jay’s hands.
This morning Claire had told Jay about her brother how seriously she considered him if and when she married, but told Jay it would be a piece of cake, nothing to worry about, nothing to lose sleep over, nothing…could be further from the truth. Bob spoke sparingly and appeared to be judging every word that feel from Jay’s mouth no not just every word every syllable. There might not be an unshaded light bulb but he knew when he was being interrogated. Finally Cedar Hill was good for something ten years of living hell and he finally thought it might have been good for something, then again, probably not. Jay would have to warm Bob up t him; the deer hunting trip would be the start. Their start was earlier then he’d expected but rolled with it. They shelved the riffles in Bob’s pickup and tossed their back packs carrying their lunches Claire made and other necessities into the cab. “Gonna have to stop for gas half way” Bob’s voice said to the truck rather than to Jay and nothing more was said outside a few grunts. Comfortable silence would have sufficed, such an early start Jay would have killed for a few extra hours sleep, but Jay’s breathing was being analyzed. ‘Geesh guy lighten up’ Jay thought and fought his heavy eye lids. Just as Jay felt as though he might lose that battle Bob turned off the highway straight into a Sunoco gas station with an accompanying food bag. Coffee! Screamed into Jay’s face, must have coffee. Jay cleared his throat “coffee?” “Sure - black” the piece offering didn’t appear to soften Bob at all. Bob exited the pickup and opened up the gas tank as Jay fled to the food bag. A brown Buick Century rolled in faster then it aught to have and the driver with his hood down nearly leaped from his car hands shoved in his pocket. Even if he wasn’t a seasoned police officer it was obvious what was going down. ‘Shit Claire’s going to be pissed’ Bob crept closer to the advertised littered glass door and saw the glock saw the hooded kid, but no Jay. Bob always carried his precinct issue so he unleashed the snap that held it into place, hopefully he would be able to talk the man down, doubtful. He couldn’t make his move until he saw Jay was safely out of the way, where the hell is he? Then he saw him emerging from the bathroom, obviously aware of the situation he was in Jay came out low and slow. ‘What the hell is this kid doing trying to get himself killed?’ Bob thought he wasn’t about to waste time waiting on the answer and busted into the food bag. “Get the fuck off of me!” Bob entered finding the Glock on the floor and Jay pressing the would be robbers face into the glass display case that contained scratch off tickets. One read “lucky day”. Bob raised his shield as he entered and watched the store owner dialing 9-1-1 “That’s sure fast”, “go ahead finish the call I’m out of district”. Bob took over holding the kid where he was and quickly slapped the cuffs on him. “You alright?”, “sure” the store owner says “thanks to Mr. Sutton there”, Bob let it go “anyone else hurt?”, “all good sir, just me tonight you my first customers for the past two hours”. Bob took the kid outside soon as he heard the sirens, gave him up to the local P.D. gave a quick statement and they rode off. When Bob returned to the Food Bag Jay was casually picking up the coffee and bagged donuts as if nothing happened. Jay won the argument over paying or not “look why would I steal from you when I just stopped that guy from doing the same? You got to make a living too”. The store owner kept thanking Jay which seemed to make Jay uncomfortable with the attention it brought. “Hey any decent person would do the same, no big deal”. Bob smirked at Jay “what no reward?”, “for what?” and Jay carried his beloved caffeine to the truck. “Gonna tell me?” Bob was more than a little intrigued, “tell you what?” Jay was getting just a little tired of Bob’s attitude and 80 questions game. Suddenly Bob tore the pickup to the curbed side of the street, lucky for them traffic had yet blinked its eye’s on the day. “Let’s start with the truth”. Jay was done playing it Bob’s way “look I get it; most guys are after the money, right?” Jay shouted his anger built to the boiling point. “But unless those guys are blind and your stupider then you look your sister is easy on the eyes and hell she came on to me before I even could make a move”. Bob grimace hard to think his sister as hot but if he was honest with himself he’d have to admit that one, what a curse thanks Dad for leaving me this mess. Bob wasn’t about to let that be enough however, “You just brought down an armed shoplifter, care to explain?” “What now I have to defend myself for being a Good Samaritan? The guy was distracted I took a bunch of martial arts classes when I was young, recalled a few moves it wasn’t all that hard.” The kid spoke with conviction, but Bob wasn’t buying all of it. “What about the riffle?”, “the riffle?” Jay wasn’t sure where Bob was going with this one. “I saw the way you held it in your hands, it’s not even that ordinary of a deer riffle”, the brief silence gave the answer “fine you got me I did run across it doing research for the book, but for authenticity I purchased one and fell in love with it, she’s great.” Bob could have kicked himself in the head, never thought to check Jay if he had a license or owned any weapons. “So you lied”, “could you blame me? Shit anyone in this truck, who needs to be answering questions, isn’t the book writer”. “What’s that suppose to mean?”, “Claire is worth what? What about big brother? My guess is at least the same”. Bob turned the radio off “and?” “And here you are risking life and limb stopping some two bit crook? What not enough to retire Chief?”, “That’s my business” some reason Jay thought it was meant to come out “our business”. The street lights flickered on and the first signs of traffic hit the pavement. “Shit!”, “what hit a nerve?”, “kidding me right? No somehow we missed our window, gonna have to postpone for another time”. Bob turned the truck into a coffee shop double checking the locks on the gun rack before they entered. They took a booth by the window both gazing out of it. Their cups in hand Jay took a sip, “you know I get the whole permission thing, but a little outdated don’t you think?” “Humph” Bob’s only reply, only half paying attention, and caring less. Jay added more sugar “what 80 questions not fun, when it’s your turn? Taking your ball and running are you?” Bob took a sip and sighed the kid was alright, more than alright though he was still hiding something, Bob knew that much “It’s not the money trust me” Bob put his cup down and relinquished a come on it’s always about the money look. “I’m not even sure what your or even Claire is worth, don’t care really, damn I almost feel sorry at least for her”. Now the kid was just being stupid. “Really? That kind of money goes a long way” giving Jay the most ignorant look he had in his arsenal. “Yeah? My net is approximately ten million give or take, that’s what? A tenth of the McKinley fortune?” Jay’s face cringed at the idea, sure money had its upside he wasn’t naïve but “even my kind of money takes looking after, there’s taxes, there’s the stock market fluctuation, there’s every person on the planet asking for a hand out”. Jay had counted 12 different churches that called one week, he never heard of half of them. Bob sat silently, the kid did seem generally sick of the money, he also had a point, Bob knew himself what a chore sometimes it all was, but well worth the effort, it was a full time job even with “you know accountants get paid to do that sort of thing?” Jay huffed “why didn’t I think about that?” He had, been robbed blind couldn’t trust another one with fifty cents let alone the remaining ten million give or take. Bob got a re-fill and watched Jay add more sugar to his own, he waited for the spoon to stand on its own “you know Claire does that too? What’s with the spoon?” Bob didn’t know why it bothered him it just did. “We have a great deal in common, she makes it seem all so easy never thought I’d ever get lucky enough to find someone like her, probably why I love her so much.” He’d only said it to Claire a hand full of times awhile back and just told big brother who still didn’t seem to like him so much. Bob looked Jay over as Jay watched the morning traffic gain sludge. “I don’t know what she sees in you, no offense but”, Jay smiled at his coffee “none-taken, been asking myself that same question”. Bob leaned back on his side. He hadn’t seen Claire this ecstatic over one man, after their parent’s deaths he wondered if her smile would ever return and Jay was a big part of its rebirth. Jay was alright, had his own money, so he’d bought some of the resentment. He also knew Jay was hiding something, but it apparently wasn’t criminal after the background check (extensive background check) produced zilch. Claire was a big girl now, he couldn’t bring himself to think of her as a woman, an attractive woman (a curse), she didn’t need Bob’s protection, and the problem was it wasn’t all about the money. Claire needed to realize there was more at stake one slip up and he didn’t want to think about the ramifications. Joining the force put him in a suitable position to take care of any wandering overly suspicious types. He didn’t know all their family history too much of it was clouded in too much mystery but that house; their house had everything to do with it. A few months back, Claire had asked for the deed willing to part with the full sum of the properties worth in order to get full ownership, Bob took nothing and signed his half over to her. He never did like that house too cold, too dark and always the urban legends.



Chapter 32

AMBER

She woke before dawn and slinked into her robe, Doc Henderson gone as usual and to her delight after their “snap, crackle and pop” session she thought if there was ever a fourth elf Doc could fill in as “groan” but that probably wouldn’t look so good on a kids cereal box. It was too early to be up, but her contacts which she never slept in but for some reason had neglected this evening was burning her pupils and woke her. She ambled her way through her apartment a “keep your mouth shut” gift from a married Doc. He spared no expense on her living condition spacious, flat screen TV’s in every room, furniture of the designer label variety even a splash of art covered the walls, Doc’s taste not hers, but she would never be able to afford a place such as this with a door man at that. By the time she reached the bathroom here eyes were on fire, felt that way anyway they were watering making her look as if she had been crying half the night when she managed to pull the lens container and solution out of the cabinet. She loved her bathroom, almost worth the unfulfilled pleasure she had to deal with most nights a two person sink, a whirl pool bathtub and a shower big enough for two. She went for the right contact as soon as the container was filled with solution, her powder blue eye’s immediately turned green, a pretty green she thought, but they never fit her. Not her looks, not her personality almost as if they belonged to someone else’s, still exotic and pretty though. No one in her family had the gene rare as it was in the first place and people always questioned her on them, where did you get green eyes? Aren’t you supposed to be blond and blue eyes? It turned out to be much easier to get the colored contact lens plus they were right whoever heard of a gorgeous blond with green eyes? They were supposed to be blue so that was what she gave them. She finished with the contacts, then started with her hair, Hollywood blonde she called it, pulled it back and quickly tied it in place, she loved her hair, totally Hollywood, she always pictured herself in a Hollywood movie in some beach scene in a bikini probably playing volleyball, she couldn’t play but seriously doubted that would matter. She would have went that way pack her bags and take her shot at her fifteen minutes of fame if her weak resume’ hadn’t caught Doc Henderson’s eye, as if that what had caught them in the first place. She resented him, resented this place, but where would she go now? And live just as nice? She had everything. 



Chapter 33

BAINE

Baine waited in the shadows even at this hour of darkness he hadn’t wanted to take any chances. Clark was back “that was easy”. Clark a slightly higher ranking member of U.S. was along for the parole call, the günahkâr six months was up. No so called sightings or disruptions of unexplained murders. Clark though was here on more official business “Jay”. Jay was on the short list of champions. “Safeties on, now let’s see what he can do”. Baine on the other hand detested Jay, thought him weak, too indulgent on simple matters, just about everyone at the center didn’t buy it; there was no indulgent rule in becoming a champion. After they watched Jay disarm the would be robber “knew he’d step in and did you see how fast he was?” Clark gushed, Jay was on top of his list and this matter a simple manipulation set-up was a test and by Clarks score card passed with flying colors. Baine however looked unimpressed and bored. “The Gunkafor?” “He’s on the short-list”, “not mine” Clark didn’t care he knew procedures his count on the matter would far exceed that of Baine’s. “If that mattered”. Clark watched as Jay’s friend, friend? He looked more like an adversary then a friend handed the lowly thug to the local P.D. “The Gunkafor?” Baine checked his watched the so called “parole hearing” wouldn’t take long. As long as sir günahkâr had played by the rules he or it was free to roam forever and it seemed as if it had. “What’s the rush it’s not going anywhere it knows enough to wait” Clark never trusted their günahkâr never dreamed of befriending it, as some others have fools they were in Clarks estimation. The günahkâr was always an it, never a he or she a plan and simple thing that should not be. Their günahkâr one Mr. Angel Maturino Resendiz better known as the Rail Road Murder a pile of human excrement, but then again weren’t all günahkâr choices.



Chapter 34

JAY and BOB

“So you don’t care about Claire’s share of the McKinley fortune?” Bob felt his doubt and reluctance waning Jay sensed it to. “She could give it all away if she wanted to.” It wasn’t like Claire was apt to snort the money up her nose; she was trying to do right by her good fortune. They were well on their way to finishing their third cup of coffee, the waitress finally giving up on them ordering any food. “You know whatever that smell is, is starting to make me hungry” so Bob ordered up the omelet with side order of bacon and eggs. “So you’d sign a pre-nup?” Jay almost chocked, he’d just moved in with Claire, where was the fire, he was about to ask Bob then it dawned on him, he would ask her and in the near future. “Got a pen?”, “this aint funny kid I’m serious, you get nothing you hurt her”. Bob finished with “even if it’s her doing the hurting no one touching our money” in silent thought. Jay got the last punch in “Whose laughing?” it didn’t do anything in the lines of getting Bob to like him but maybe just maybe he could ease up on the money thing. “Well then” Bob stretched his fill stomach “I guess she could do worse, not much but still” Bob didn’t offer his hand hoping maybe Claire would reject the whole proposal idea, doubted it very much but there was still hope on that front, that would be the best case scenario, actually best would be if she would just join a convent save him from doing this again with any further potential hubbies, but that wasn’t happening. “Thanks for the glowing remarks, you make me blush” Jay expected no hand shake and glad none was offered, he got the approval now hopefully only would have to deal with big brother at Christmas and birthdays and such. Bob rested his hands on the table and stopped short of pulling himself up “you know there’s this one spot deeper in the woods not a place for a novice”, before Bob could suck it back in and insert his right foot Jay jumped at the chance “I’m in”. The rest of the ride was a little more relaxed Bob only seemed to be analyzing the words no longer the syllables, maybe there was still hope. They reach an open spot no other cars remotely close by got out and grabbed their gear. “Place is just over those rocks there, watch your step and stay close”, “not the first time you told me”. Bob grabbed the riffles “well this time there’s more of a reason, black bears plenty in this parts.” “Trying to get rid of me? Sorry Claire big bear came out of nowhere, thanks man”. Bob took longer than Jay would have liked to answer and looked off into the distance toward where Bob had motioned “guess Claire would be kind of pissed off and I did promise to get you home in one piece, so don’t do anything stupid.” Bob pointed again the way with his riffle then handed Jay his. Bob knew he was being hard on Jay and for good reason, but Jay’s plusses were adding up. He did take down that amateur thug safety off what a joke that meant Jay was courageous and a bit stupid but the heart of the matter was Jay did what was right. Jay knew about guns wasn’t lying about his shooting ability it almost rivaled his own which meant if Jay lived through the day he finally might have a hunting partner. Jay would sign a prenup which Bob would witness him signing, meant it just might, might not be about the money after all. Jay was kind of funny maybe smarmy but Jay willingly used them which Bob credited to Jays toughness; maybe he wasn’t all what was that term “metro sexual?” “Place sure is off the beaten path” Jay was getting winded the terrain unforgiving. “You’re doing fine, here let me take the lead”. Damn Bob thought that sure almost felt like a complement. “It’s not that much farther”. Bob took his riffle popped off the scope for awhile he scanned they are, not his first time a few times too many in Jays estimation. Jay watched and waited for the all clear from Bob to move forward. Bob dropped the scope from his eye and rubbed it repeatedly then put it back up. 



Chapter 35

BAINE and CLARK

“How much more proof do you require?” Clark was ever fighting a losing battle trying to get Baine on board about Jay’s champion status. They had followed Jay and Bob into the coffee shop and sat a table to their left; they had seemed to have come to some sort of agreement. Clark leaned toward Baine “you know our numbers, lists only get shorter in time”. Baine didn’t lean in, he could hear just fine. “It’s yours to do with what you like, why are you trying to sell him so hard?” there that sounded casual enough; if Clark or any member of the United Sanction knew the true reason for his reluctance in the matter he wouldn’t be fired. No one ever got fired from Area 51’s most hidden secret society even amongst its inner walls little was talked about them. No not fired, one simply got obliterated. Two ways to get as they called it “canned” one come back alone from a two man operation it was the most rigid and unbending rule on their books for good reason, two get in the way of another’s champions of choice. Harder to prove day to day or regular people had accidents, susceptible to disease a champion could simply die of old age. However if proven guilty of such meant being “canned” literally as a matter of fact. Deep hibernation sort of cryogenics but worse and better so it has been told. You’d only be let out in the most direst of emergencies a “break only in case of matter” meaning the end was near might as well put all our chess pieces on the board. As bad as their current situation was concerning the numbers games, Gunkafor’s were growing as theirs was fading fast no one had even remotely suggested using a can opener. “What?” Clark was staring at Baine with a knowing look plastered on his face. “The pull was on you.” The “pull” Baine thought you just didn’t grab a phone book picked out a name and declared a champion on a mere dart throw no it was said champions “call” their Facilitators, rubbish! “And the Easter Bunny and Elvis are playing Uno”. Baine meant it a joke and a slight on the whole “pull” concept. “Elvis prefers poker you know that.” Which Clark still owed a few doubloons too. The man sure did love his doubloons found them fascinating. “Ok. So explain to me how Jay pulls out a bridge, you by name and a murderous unexplained phenomenon, from thin air I suppose?” Clark purposely left out her highness Karen, Baines murdered wife, and not mentioning her screamed her name and protected Clark from an endless debate on her. Baine couldn’t deny “Fallen Bay” had done the call, but there was more to it than that, much more and he knew what had actually made the call and it was no second class writer. “It was like the man was there impossible as it would seem, if Jay should be on anyone’s list he should be on yours”. As a general rule a call put the caller on the short list very short, when Baine refused offering his opinion on the matter, the Board had brushed him off but was furious regarding the matter came within inches of canning Baine. Clark eased the tension he’d tutored Baine way too long came to think him as a close friend by placing Jay on the top of his own list. Jay was inadvertently doing Clark a huge favor, decades only made lists shorter nearly impossible Clark had only three on his list at the time which reminded him “your champion?”, “working on it sort of speak”. They both watched as Jay and company finished up and paid their tab. “Well once the board orders up your champion”, “the Board this, the Board that, kiss the Boards ass why don’t you.” They looked like any other ordinary fellows having a grand time at breakfast; they fit right in with the regulars and no one the wiser to know more than that. “The Board only has to bare it my friend that is if it does in fact have an ass.” Baine finally laughed “fine, fine, to be continued lets go parole the devil himself then”. 



Chapter 36

JAY and BOB

Bob’s scanning was taking too long, much too long didn’t quite like the faces he was making either, like he couldn’t believe what he was seeing. They’d stop every few yards stop scan for black bears or other hazardous beasts in their path and then move on Jay was waiting for the move on part. Bob was not moving too still to be precise and still with the scope in his eye he switched from his left to his right this time as well, something he had not done prior to this last stop. Jay wasn’t enjoying the wait and cleared his throat please don’t be a bear he thought “bear?” Jay had to know. Bob said nothing knelt for a better view and pulled Jay down with him. “Not alone, be quite” now Jay was wishing for that bear, no a stray bullet would still be better “so?” he saw Bob lay prone on his belly and did likewise. “You’re not the only hunter in these parts” Bob put his finger to his lips motioning to Jay to shut the hell up. They were a good hundred yards away still Bob knew something wasn’t right. “Here take a look” Bob handed Jay his scope and pointed the way “they look like hunters to you?” The area was remote know to be hard terrain and a bit too populated by black bears to gather many hunters this deep, a small cave jetted fifty yards from the two fella’s. Would be a great location to hide something, something illegal that is Bob thought. They weren’t hard to see through Bob’s scope. The first look and Jay knew Bob was right these guys were no hunters. One looked to be around fifty years old dark brown skin, skinny open trench coat and a faded fedora, he looked the part of any well dressed business man in a mafia movie. The other gentleman was similarly dressed but his very pale white skin against his betty pink eyes? A Mafioso and an Albino? They both wore shinny polished dress shoes, a dead giveaway no way could they have gotten into these parts with those on and still be shinny. “Maybe they took transportation?” Jay offered as the only logical conclusion, “In this area? Anything less than a helicopter wouldn’t make it, do you see a helicopter?” It was a rhetorical question, didn’t mean Jay wasn’t going to look. Bob inched back away from their spot out of any possible eye-sight of their company. “Now what?” Jay looked at Bob for an answer that seemed to be struggling to find one himself.



Chapter 37

BAINE and CLARK

Clark busied himself by tossing decent sized rocks at the caves opening bidding his time as if he was leisurely skipping stones across a lake. Baine was ideally staring at a hawk that was circling its prey. Baine tore his eyes from the hawk that had swooped out of sight and checked his watch, a forgotten human habit he supposed. Baine hadn’t been wasting his infinite time on earth; he became an expert in just about every fashionable useful nuance of human existence. Checking his watch only verified his perfect calculation of the suns location. “So impatient Baine, it’ll be her shortly”. Just then a stench arose from the caves opening faint at first but growing steadily toward the level of putrid, death smelled better in comparison and both Clark and Baine had smelled death before. It made no sound as it approached clean air and sunlight. The günahkâr gave no reaction to the bright sun with its once workable eye’s somewhere around its cheek bone, which in itself was slightly exposed for the world to see. It stopped its bent postured body five feet from Clark and stood obediently silent. “Your virus, you take care of it” Baine had warned the Board and its high powered officials to stop screwing with the virus, warned them countless times to leave it well enough alone Baine he was the expert on the matter, why they turned their back on him he could not fathom why. Having lost the Boards ear Baine’s words fell like snowflakes on the sun having no effect, the günahkâr took its first victim straight out of Area 51 and all hell broke loose for a decade, and now this. The virus had taken on a purpose of its own, found out what feed it and it feed causing chaos. “You seem to be holding up well Mr. Resendiz “ Clarks hatred for the beast poured through his words. So many more useful things Clark could be doing right now instead of babysitting the creature from hell. “Just check the cave and let’s go” Baine’s impatience was his weakest emotion to date. “Would you like to declare any headless children today Mr. Resendiz, or runaway teens? Or Ma’s or Pa’s?” The günahkâr gave no response it never did. The show was clearly for Clark only and no one else seemed to care in the slightest.



Chapter 38

JAY and BOB

They moved themselves to solid safer ground. Bob still trying to sift through their options. “Could they be CIA?”, “even if they are they won’t like finding us here”. Bob took stock again of their weapon and ammo situation, there was two of them, two of us, surprise on our side. He doubted he could truly count on Jay if bullets started flying but anyone with a gun was formidable. “That was a joke” Jay said with a half smile, “either way something is going on down there and I aim to find out what”. Jay looked over his shoulder back toward the two odd gentlemen, then it hit him, “you mean we don’t you?” Jay turned back to Bob for the answer Bob didn’t have to say a word it was there on his face. “Can’t you just call for back up or something, like you said paper targets one thing a by my guess professional with a gun totally different”. Jay had made out a colt revolver in Albino’s trench which apparently Bob had missed. “They’re packing heat? Well no surprise there”. It had come as some surprise to Bob, but didn’t want to spook Jay any further then he already was. “Colt revolver on Albino boy, who use’s old colt revolvers anymore? If he’s carrying I’m guessing mafia is to”. Jay didn’t like how this day had progressed, big brother had very reluctantly given his permission to marry Claire, stopped an armed man from walking away with a lousy $35.00 from a Food Bag and now two strangers well dressed obviously not hunters and they meaning himself and Bob were going down there. “Fine what’s the game plan?” I mean like I have any real option here Jay thought. Bob checked his cell phone again for a signal “figures”, “just follow my lead, point this one at mafia, and keep this one on your back just in case.” Bob handed Jay his riffle and Jay did as told, “were going to go around them come up on their back sides, just like the Food Bag kid SURPRISE! Put your hands up.” Bob opened his backpack grabbed the extra shells for the riffles and shoved them into Jay’s pockets. “Just in case” Jay’s eyes were wide and his voice came out in extra syllables. “Just in case” Bob said as he pats Jay on his back trying to reassure Jay that everything was and will remain fine, as if he was sure himself. 



Chapter 39

BAINE and CLARK

“Hard to believe this thing was a person at one point or another, who did you say it was again?” The günahkâr gave no sign of acknowledgement that it was being talked about. “One Mr. Resendiz serial killer never found, at least by conventional methods anyway pure psychopath” the answer spilled from the cave. The leaves rustled on a nearby bush and Baine twirled John Wayne style brandishing his outdated but still very lethal revolver from its holster pointed it dead on the noise, a single fawn emerged from the depths. The fawn did what Baine and even Clark could not seem to do; it caused a reaction from the Cana. Its body began to shiver as if it was deep winter and began to raise what was left of its right arm. Baine place his revolver back into its holster, shrugged at the günahkâr “knock yourself out”. At least I will get entertainment out of the day” Baine thought. The günahkâr continued to shiver as the fawn oblivious to the danger it hand found itself in. The shivers continued gaining speed till the günahkâr became a blur. One second the fawn was nibbling some grub the next it was getting shredded to pieces, each bone severed from muscle and broken, each piece of skin torn from its body, the fawn could only wail its protest. “Interesting” Baine thought, and then one last crack of a bone and the area was as quiet as before. The günahkâr seemed to return to the exact spot it once had placed itself in having full-filled its deepest need. Death, pain and suffering death being prolonged as long as possible. What was left of the fawn was no more than mush a pile of blood and meat, günahkâr did not kill for nourishment or sport it killed because that was what it was created to do nothing else. “HANDS! Where I can see them!” Bob rushed out of the woods with Jay in tow “where’s your friend?” oh brother Baine thought seeing how he truly did not wish to divulge any secrets to a couple of numb skulls Baine complied, raising his hands as he did the trench rose slightly exposing the revolver. “You know I was thinking about this whole Jay thing” Clarks voice came out at the caves opening stepping out into the light and into their new situation.
Clark exited the cave first noticing the fawn and eyeing Baine with a scolding stare, Baine shrugged in response. It wasn’t against the rules, it was the only courtesy given to the beast, and Baine simply let it lose. Baine then rolled his eyes up to his raised hands and nodded toward Bob then both shoulders raised and dropped smiling the whole time. Neither Bob nor Jay had noticed the günahkâr as it was blurred while attacking the fawn, but now they saw it. Baine smiling with his hands up, a günahkâr visible to a regular, a fawn collecting flies, Clark was beside himself. “What the hell is that suppose to be?” Bob still trained his gun on Baine, while approaching the günahkâr for a better look. It stood like a statue; no signs of breathing could have been someone’s idea of art if it wasn’t for that god awful smell extending from it. “I wouldn’t do that” Baine warned as Bobs hand went to touch the weird statue. He had a impulse to touch it, had to touch it, but as soon as Baine had warned him, suddenly felt a cold chill form on the back of his neck, immediately he didn’t want to be anywhere near this thing. Clark more than Baine was relieved as Bob’s curiosity waned away from the günahkâr “How’s about putting your hands up nice and slow Casper?” Jay targeted the newcomer, Clark smiled what was with all this bravado we are the ones with the guns, Jay wasn’t sure what was going on, but if he was on the other end of a riffle he wouldn’t be so much with all the smiling. So this is him Clark thought scared but controlled a fine breed. “I would you see honestly I would, but I’m not scared of unloaded weapons”. “What?” Jay asked, instead of answering Clark asked one from Jay “this Casper? He’s a ghost… Friend ghost?” Clark began to hum the theme song and blurred out of sight rendering Bob and Jay’s guns useless. Couldn’t shoot what you couldn’t see. Clark blurred back to his solid state. Jay tensed scared he might have lost his mind for a second “screw this” and took a shot. Clark stood there grinning and tossed Jays’ shells at him. “Might need these Jay”. Jay dropped to one knee grabbed a shell loaded it all the time keeping an eye on Casper tried the shot again same results the shell bouncing off his back this time as Baine had blurred this time leaving Bob speechless. “I have to hand it to him, his is faster then I give him credit for”, Baine grimaced giving of all people Jay a compliment. Bob depleted of a useable weapon found his voice “so I guess we can call this a stale mate, what now?”, “stale mate? That would indicate that you Robert McKinley and Mr. Jay Sutton over there could do any harm to us.” Clark chuckled softly. Bob never one to believe in the super natural still tried to pull logic in this mess. “How do you know our names? And why is your statue, ugly as sin by the way humming?” Baine and Clarks smiles vanished and darted a look at the günahkâr who like when the fawn appeared started shivering, raising its mutilated right hand at Jay “Gereksiz günahkâr feragat etmek, Gereksiz günahkâr feragat etmek!” Baine repeated expecting the Cana’s immediate obedience. The obedience was not forthcoming. Unlike the first time, the günahkâr seemed to have taken on a more human form. “Gereksiz günahkâr feragat etmek” Baine shouted at it this time. Clark looked at Bob and Jay; this wasn’t good there wasn’t much time. “Baine get the regulars out of here, I’ll handle this!” Bob froze with terror never felt himself lifted and blacked out. Baine had grabbed him and placed him in their breakfast diner in a matter of two minutes. Never would have worked if Clark was not around to keep the günahkâr busy. Jay was left watching as the statue became human and started walking toward him with a purpose, one purpose to kill, it was all to plain to see. Not that any of this is making sense Jay thought where’d I see this guy before? Clark flung himself at the günahkâr and bounced off it. No use the günahkâr seemed impenetrable. Clark knew it was useless without Clark this wasn’t going to end well. Cana’s only feared one thing in the clean world, it was two Facilitators not one and a human, and the günahkâr continued its direct path. Jay grabbed the riffle of his back “Did you take the shells out of this one?” not waiting Jay unloaded the shell square at the things chest. “No, but” Clark replied again throwing himself at the günahkâr which only aggravated it and having no effect on its current path. Jay watched as his riffles bullet flew into then exited the man for it was now clearly a man, I know this guy from somewhere Jay kept thinking. “What?” Jay had been sure he’d nailed the guy, but the günahkâr seemed slowed but other than that the bullet seemed to have no more effect on it then Clark’s feeble dives. The günahkâr cut off its direct approach and began circling the wagons, trapping Clark and Jay in a circle. “It’s toying with us?” Clark couldn’t fight the urge to write it down pulled out a pencil and small note pad and jotted it down. “Whatever it is, its playing with us isn’t it?” Jay knew not where Clark was at the moment but shouted it for all to hear. Clark felt his breast pocket, yes of coarse what am I waiting for, he though. His eyes widened after his hands felt nothing but a beating heart and a whole the size of a quarter. Immediately started searching the ground nearest himself. “What does it want?” Jay found Casper scouring the ground “stop asking stupid questions and dance, buy us some time” Right stupid question it wanted Jay dead, seemed to be gaining some sort of perverse enjoyment out of watching Jay sweat. “Why what did I do?” Jay watched his dancing circle close in on him won’t be long now. “Enough with the stupid, Dance!” Casper apparently found his contact or whatever he dropped “Ok how’s this one do ya, can I stop it from doing that?”



Chapter 40

BOB and BAINE

Bob finally came to, having taken longer than getting her, Baine sat waiting inpatient as always, only five minutes had elapsed since he’d left Clark and a pissed off person juiced with the günahkâr virus. Five minutes on Clarks end would be a lifetime, but he couldn’t leave Bob just yet. Bob felt his eyes rolling around in his skull reminded him of when violence was the norm in cartoons and a mouse got whacked on the head with a fry pan and its eyes would roll in a complete circle. “You’ll be fine in a minute” Baine’s voice gave no sympathy more like annoyance “Where…am..”, “your house of coarse” Bob opened his eye’s slowly, large screen television, best stereo system known to man, speakers on from every wall, bar fully stocked and complete and utter loneliness yep sure home sweet home. “That isn’t”, “possible? Yet here you are” Baine wouldn’t let Bob finish a thought process let alone a sentence not that Bob was in much shape to do so. “McKinley Manor, you own it, no?”, Bob shook his head, “Claire, all Claire’s” what did this guy want with that house, whatever it was it wasn’t good he’d have to warn Claire. “But she’s young!” Baine stood and began to pace on the nice hardwood floor “too young, get it back!” Bob only remained shaking his head. “Fool! What did I tell them? No regulars none, but would they listen? They never listen to Baine”, “harm her or that house, I’ll personally kill you with my bare hands” Baine stopped his incredible pacing “as if you are in any shape and even then, I’d dispose of you more easily then waving off a flies fart”. Bob tried to stand rocked on his wobbly unstable legs an fell back into his chair. “Last thing I need is for you to harm yourself and your sister?” Baine paused briefly “she will not be harmed in anyway”. Bob smelled his hunting vest a stale stench clinging to it sparked a memory “Jay is he safe too?” “Ah Jay Sutton” Baines other nerve “are you sure that’s even his name?” Baine was getting dangerously close to interfering with Clarks champion; at least he could plant a seed. “All records clean, what are you guys? CIA?” all of a sudden Jay’s assumption didn’t sound so stupid. “Some records may still remain…CIA?” Bob was feeling stronger by the second the ill effects of the blackout were pulling away giving him a clearer head, if he could only find his legs he could rush the kitchen cabinet his trusty loaded Sig behind the Cheerio Box waited. “Yeah CIA what was that smell statute that” Bob thought, had it really moved toward him and Jay? “An alien? No, infected with a virus yes” as if that should answer all Bob’s questions. “CDC then?” Bob rubbed his legs bounced them a few time any second now. “At least not a ignorant assumption, a brain child of mine, but sadly no, they have no clue even if they did they’d defer to us” That was it, Bob had taken enough of this guys answer a question with a question and when he did answer it raised thousands more, more importantly he wanted their house, Claire was threatened. He’d have only one shot at this. Bob rocked back in his chair spilled to the floor jumped onto the cabinet where his hand flew to the Sig and emptied all but two shots into the chair where Baine was again sitting. Bob did it all in one solid fluid movement, no way possible they guy had time to move. 



Chapter 41

JAY and CLARK

Jay sized up and let loose another shell. “Three minutes!” Clark yelled. Where the hell was Baine, he couldn’t take this much longer. “I don’t even know your name?” Jay shouted back, he chanced a quick glance down at the vile Casper had given him resting in his hand, the günahkâr moved and he pin pointed the thing with his riffle, damn the thing was fast. “Does it matter?” Clark barked back, Jay’s nervous laugh echoed off his chest “stop answering a question with a question, we’re beyond that now don’t you think?” Their dancing circle had diminished severely a few more rounds and they were toast, no not just toast, three rounds left Jay thought and one of those he meant to use on himself. “Clark, names Clark” Clarks voice appeared right behind him and Clark extended his hand, Jay shook it quickly as the virus ladened thing changed direction. Clark let one fly from his Colt revolver and bumped the günahkâr back a half step, about as much damage as Jays riffle was able to produce. “Take that you smelly piece of crap” Clarks bravado was showing. “How accurate is your clock?” Clark had filled Jay in on the immediate necessary information about the virus, that ten minutes time was all they had till the virus stopped feeding on fear and went for pain. He’d never seen it done as this günahkâr was doing it. Excruciating never ending pain beyond one’s capacity to except. Jay had no time for disbelief, what was there to not believe he’d shot the thing five times while hardly producing a scratch. “One minute twenty nine seconds” That meant Jay had twenty-nine seconds to decide whether or not to swallow the vile, twenty-nine seconds for Baine to reappear and save the day. “18 seconds” Clark advised come on kid what’s there to lose Clark thought better than our alternatives. Without Baines immediate arrival in the next “ten seconds Jay now or never” they’d be like yon fawn. Too bad there isn’t more time because what I’ve just learned, he watched as Jay uncapped the vile and swallowed. It tasted like yak piss, or what he supposed yak piss tasted like, but kept it down regardless, however felt unaffected. “Now what?” Jay asked as he emptied another shell one remained saving the last for himself. Clark emptied his Colt “Now we pray” and dove at the Cana. It sounded like a last ditch effort mixed in with a touch of bravado and a hint of laughter almost as if Clark was enjoying all of this. 



Chapter 42

BOB and BAINE

“Mr. McKinley was that truly necessary?”, “huh? What? Blow me!” and emptied the remaining two rounds out of his Sig, precisely where the guy stood. Bob heard a snap of a match and turned watching Baine strike a match off his thumb, his faded fedora still slanting as it was while Baine sat across from him at the table. Bob had to draw the facts as they were “like I said before, what now?” Baines mouth turned into a slow grin “left that part about stale mate out.”, as he took a drag from his cigarette clouding the kitchen with an odd sweet smell. Baine lingered on the cigarette as if he hadn’t had one in awhile ignoring Bob’s question for the moment. “In about four minutes I’m going to save your pitiful friend Jay”, “thought you said he was safe”, “true I did say that, didn’t say he wasn’t in danger, but the fact remains he’s fine for now”. Bob turned his back pulled an extra cartridge for the Sig from the well used Cheerio Box and popped the clip in, then placed it behind the box hesitantly. “Trusting me, how nice”, “more like what’s the point, so what the hell are you anyway?” Regulars always with their mundane ridiculous questions, talking to them was like trying to make an infant barely off its mother’s teat to understand evolution. Baine conceded however, “my true name is far too complicated for your tongue, but” Bob reached for a beer from the fridge and pointed it at Baine “Yeh what’s that? Your tone it’s arrogant but slightly more annoying, it’s like you expect me to be on my knees or you have all the time in the world to spit out your nonsense”. Close there on both accounts Mr. McKinley impressively perceptive. Bob’s eyes widened and suggested the true name “Zech Can Pollenteul Goume” Baines voice was edged in a tongue of a long ago forgotten language, impossible to repeat. Bob’s jaw dropped “or” exaggerating with an I told you so tone “you can call me Baine”. Bob took a draw from his cold beer “fits”, “well thank you I guess and since I’m sure you have a million more delightful questions they must wait for now”. Baine then vanished, Bob wafted at the smoke lingering from Baine’s cigarette good because you’re killing my last nerve. 



Chapter 43

JAY and CLARK

As Jay watched his hands blur staring at them as if they were no longer his to control, his thoughts were with Clark. Clark had emptied his Colt revolver and dove at the Cana. He began to think of Clark as brethren at least one in arms, locked in mortal battle with that, that thing. Jay quickly felt the emotion of fear was also not his anymore it had vanished, not just of the günahkâr, but of all things living and breathing. He waved his hand in front of his eye’s marveling at its beauty like a hippie strung out on acid. His mind attempted to keep track of the changing happening within himself. “Jay a little help here!” Clarks voice was tainted still with laughter had he lost his mind Jay thought. Jay watched as the günahkâr had taken the upper edge in the battle sitting on top of Clark repeatedly thrusting its fist at Clarks face and repeatedly missing kicking up dust with each miss, hence two Facilitators were needed to coral a günahkâr they were too evenly matched. The picture was becoming all too clear to Jay and took his first step into his first blur. His mind raced to keep up with his movements, searched for the emotion of fear but could not locate it anywhere, his mind would fear that revelation if it only knew how. Jay’s mind finally gave up, over loaded itself with the endless impossibilities it was forced to reconsider. After a few moments, like a computer rebooting itself from scratch cleared itself and brought up only what Jay required. The impossibilities seized to matter as Jay grabbed the back of the günahkâr shirt and tossed it off Clark. There appeared to be no sound in a blur a vacuum state. Then it started as silently as it was possible to hear. Like a long forgotten tribal chant with high kicking dancers doused in feathers waving spears and shield to their gods “Gereksiz günahkâr feragat etmek”. “Well done Jay” he could hear the figure, sounded as if he was under water or he himself was under water. Jay dared the günahkâr to move with a glare which it immediately understood. The tribal chant increased in its volume putting the accent on different words each time it was repeated, till Jay could no longer take its beating, drumming nonsensical words, it would drive him crazy before too long, but how does one make it stop.
The günahkâr placed its elbows to the ground propping itself up. The chant stopped, Jay waited anxiously for its return felt awkward without it now. Clark got to his feet. “Blur back Jay! Jay?” The günahkâr further attempted a sitting position then Jays mind found a switch “Anger” and flipped it to the one position, nothing else seemed to matter now. The chant began again more rapid in its increase in volume. He’d fear the notion of losing his mind if he could only find that switch. Jay checked his person over once for damage a few bruises resided on each arm, from when the günahkâr tried to grab him as it flew back. Jay’s anger intensified and all hells furry was the answer. The günahkâr would pay, before the günahkâr could even adjust to a protective position Jay was there snarling down at it. “[b]Gereksiz günahkâr feragat etmek[b]!” it came out in such a manner any fool would adhere to it and the günahkâr was such a fool. The günahkâr retook its former self, a slunk over desecrating form obliging to all who would command it. Unblur Jay thought but nothing happened the mere thought of movement preceded the actual deed. “Baine!” Clark shouted Jay’s body shimmered in and out of existence as he was determining how to shut the damn thing down. All became silent and back into a vacuum state Jay was. Like a schools gymnasium’s fluorescent overhead lights emotions begin to flicker back into Jay’s personal existence. Love, lust, fear, and anger one by one they flickered back, Jay spent during the lengthy process dropped to both knees. Even pulling an all nighters with Claire at her finest never felt this weak and wobbly, he could not keep his head up or any appendage for that matter. His arm felt as if sat upon by two very large elephants, down to his finger nails every piece of him was useless. Still silence encrusted his brain, the darkness could be rectified easily enough by simply opening his eyes but he could not find the will to do so. “Jay?” a voice, Clarks, trying to coax him back to solid state? Was that it? Was he a pile of liquid mass at this point? He feared he just might, glad to have you back fear old buddy he thought. Jay hadn’t felt quite himself without it. Of all the emotions taken from him fear, it was fear he was not at home with being without. “He should be out cold, but look at him!” Clark’s voice cheered with such unmasked high regard for his soon to be new pupil. “You didn’t! NO! Against the rules, for which you of all people have violated!” Baine watched as Jay’s body quivered once and settled. “I’m all too sure the Board will have no problem understanding the circumstances” they both towered over Jay protectively. They waited for Jay to finish with his inner turmoil, the first blur was no picnic once it was finished, they both knew first hand. Baine crossed his arms “what circumstances would those be? I had a good minute and five seconds to get here”, “yes and thank you for that prior nine minutes by the way” there was no time it happened too fast Clark shoved Baine clear from the Cana’s last ditch effort, but had no chance at a defensive position, it was one or the other. The Cana’s fists bore into Clark’s ribs breaking each one by one giving Clark no time to scream or breath, by the second break inner bleeding had sealed his fate. The günahkâr somehow had acquired a sizeable rock and came down on Clarks once would have sufficed but the feeding frenzy would have more and it went to lower another bone crunching, skull crunching life sucking blow but froze. As if time itself had ceased to exist. Jay stood there günahkâr vertebrae in hand along with the tissued membrane sack containing the virus. The wail that poured from Jay mouth scattered the birds, shook the nearest trees, even the black bears seem to understand something far more dangerous than them had been unleashed into the woods and hunkered low. Jay’s blur ended much quicker this time, perhaps it got easier in time he had no clue, and one thing he was certain of was he had no control over it. As before Jay dropped to his knees planting his fists into the ground. “Why didn’t you!” then having over extended himself passed out. When he came to he was freezing no comfort was apparently provided to him as he woke just as he imagined he had landed. Darkness had fallen on their battle field a small fire burned off to his right enough distance between that Jay could not find comfort from its low burning flames. Every body part on Jay felt abused and beaten within an inch of its life. If he could only crawl his way to the fire he’d be able to die peacefully. He was not alone but as the flames from the fire spiked by some unforeseen accelerant he could make out the man’s figure and wished he was. A grim sorrowful scowl filled Baine’s face as he waved his hands slowly across the top of the flames. Jay’s teeth rattled non-stop, his body shivering almost as fast as when he, couldn’t be possible it had to be all a dream, a nightmare. He’d come face to face with a psychopath bent on killing him a psychopath who by all humanly account would have died decades ago. Jay remembered now that he had come across the guy doing research for his book, decided against using him, there was just too much evil associated with the man. A sharp pain stabbed at his shoulder as he attempted to grab ground and pull himself closer to the fire, he had to, and obviously his life depended on it. Suddenly a firm hand was on his chest and forced him back down. Baine knelt on one knee cigarette sticking out the corner of his mouth looked Jay over. “ffffffffffire” the word took forever to finish passing through his chattering teeth. “Figured you for dead” Jay got the sense that Baine would have preferred it that way. “Ffffffff” Jay couldn’t finish the word this time. Baine shook his head “not a good idea my friend, would be deadly to you in your condition”. Baine said no more and returned to the fire himself waving his hand once again over top the flames, as he did so he must have dropped an accelerant as the flames rose with each swipe of his hand. “Assssssssssssssssssssss” the s’ seemed easy to pronounce. Baine with his back turned to Jay turned his head and with the aid of the heightened flames Jay could make the sideway grin. The morning’s sun rose beating down on him, by his best guess it approached noon, as the sun nearly sat directly north. His core body temperature barely registered the suns presence gaining perhaps a degree or two at best. There was still plenty to be happy for. His teeth stopped jack hammering and after a quick tongue check found none had been replaced with a gaping hole. The fact he was still alive, that was a big one, and a bonus Baine was nowhere to be seen. Jay managed to lift himself up not without great effort. Pain stackingly slowly he shortened the distance between himself and what was left of the fire. Each foot dragged and a spent breath used for each step. The fire had turned to cinder, smoldering cinder puffing out white smoke. Still it would be a vast improvement from the night’s turn of events and insignificantly better morning; he doubted like hell he’d ever feel warm again. As he made his final approach towards the welcoming heat his face lit with understanding and sadness, this was no camp fire as he first thought it to be, it was a funeral pyre. What he mistakenly thought would be comfort turned out to be nothing more than dread and sorrow. “Clark” the outline of Clark’s body blackened the scorched ground permanently scoring its place in time. “Oh good, you made it” Baine emerged from the cave worse for wear as he appeared unrested for days. Unshaven and dusted from head to toe and wearing not one but two Colt revolvers slung criss-cross around his waist. “How long…”, “just the night” Jay found what energy left unspent from his travel to the fire surrendered it to “You impatient piece of crap, let me finish a god damn sentence, how long have I been unconscious?” Baine waved his left hand slowly “finished?” Jay’s silence would have to be enough; he could not bring himself to speak to the ingrate again. “Fine then, the night. A clever cover story provided to Claire”. Jay nodded and instantly memories of the prior day’s battle rushed at him in great white flashes, they were hard to decipher seemed scrambled and out of sequence. “The battle?”, “Won with a great loss and greater problems to deal with, not a decisive win”. The way Baine stared at him Jay only had one conceivable way to decipher that, the problem was clearly him. “Kidding me? I didn’t ask for this shit! Any of it, fighting a screwed up virus not on my agenda”, Baine busied himself appearing to ignore Jay as he ranted “yet you drank the mucduc didn’t you?” Jay stared down at Clark’s remains “mucducawhat? The yak piss? Had no choice did I? While you were off chasing butterflies Clark”, it was hard to use his name, even in the short time he knew Clark he felt a very deep sorrow and feeling of greater loss inside. “He gave me no option.” Baine continued dragging chunks of what remained of the human form that contained the virus into the cave. “Not true, there was two other options, two” The question came out as a statement at the very least rhetorical. “I’m guessing you’d rather I chosen what was behind doors number two or three then?” Baine glanced quizzically doors? Ah yes, “well it would not have been my loss, but now still remains the predicament you have placed us in”. “Screw you, I pulled your friends ass out of a tight spot, that thing was toying with us!” Baine stopped dragging a huge chunk of torso, the body parts seemed to be endless, and dropped it at his feet, turned with a blazing stare, “günahkâr have no need to toy with its prey.” Jay blurred and popped solid almost instantaneously and found his hands grabbing tuffles of Baines shirt lifting him into his face. “I’m telling you, we were meat, and Clark knew it better than I did!” “That being your recollection”, “it’s the only recollection to have!” Jay couldn’t fight the urge to scream at Baine, barely could fight the urge to strangle his arrogant ass and start his own funeral pyre using Baine her as kindle. Baine glared at Jay are you gonna put me down now “easy with that thing” Jay complied and patted Baine’s shirt back into its original shape. “Thank you” Baine figured to ease Jay’s tension for it was all his. “I can’t, I mean, I’m not Aw! Hell it’s controlling me not the other way around isn’t it?” Baine detested ignorant questions they were a waste of his time, raised one eye brow as he responded “indeed it is”. Jay wasn’t sure he liked that idea very much. “You” Jay was going to use the plural form of a word but decided against it, “You don’t seem to have that problem.” Baine tossed what looked like a foot toward the caves entrance. “Eons of practice and a great tutor. Something you will not have to worry about.” Jay slowly followed Baine toward another body part, how many can there actually be he though and grabbed one himself to speed along the process. It took less than a second, shorter then that a song began to play a song from his child hood “Come on without, come on within, you’ve not seen nothing like” then began the images where the song had stopped. The first image was of beautiful woman a shit load of them, some wearing nothing, some wearing some frilly number from Victoria Secrets, each and every one of them to Jay’s liking. Jay laughed, they could not hold him, Clair was all he needed in a woman, and more then he could really ask for, Claire’s image smiling in a formal gown, a wedding dress replaced all of them. The song continued. “Pigeons all gonna run to him, come on without, come on within you’ve not seen nothing like”. Cash more than one man could spend in a life time; an image arose of Jay at a press cranking out his own money sheets. Jay’s laugh canceled out the image; he had enough, too much too much bother, pain in the ass really. The song began again but seemed put-off, annoyed could a song become anything other than a song? The songs quality began to fade from clear CD version to that of a scratched 45 record player with a loose speaker wire. “Jay put it down”. “Baine? Wait, this is” what was it? Humorous, interesting? “It’s something”, “it’s the virus Jay” Baines lack of concern was touching. Woman, Cash, yachts, private jets, everything a man could ask for flashed before him. Then the images stopped a voice arrogant as Baines spoke “Come now Jay, you must want something, every man has a price.” Jays body remained virus containing chunk of meat dripping some black oozing jell like substance, Jay began tossing it up and down left hand to right, like a child in a school yard playing catch with himself. “Fools die hard Jay, but they die” the voice sounded as if it would simply wait Jay out on the matter. “Granted every man does have his price”, “excellent Jay so what will it be?”, “you people whatever you are never let me finish a sentence do you? I do have a price, but you’re not even remotely close your so far off in fact I doubt you could deliver”. The voices booming laugh startled Jay “nothing I can’t grant fool” Jay continued the ball tossing game, stopped in his right hand, his throwing hand and tossed the rotting flesh into the cave. “Then go to hell”, “I’ll wait Jay, right here, when you come to your good senses you’ll know where to find me.”



Chapter 44

PETER and ALEX

Peter finished his meal, as the guards returned to their watching paint dry state. Pulled his napkin from his lap and wiped his mouth clean. “I have a way to salvage what time you have left”. Peter placed the napkin and fork on his plate and Bronk, the name fit the man he was built incredibly large like a cinder block but more solid came and took Peters tray and disposed of it. Alex had yet to touch his food Christ he was hungry but the will to eat had vanished from him while he was in the hole, alone with only his thoughts, so few thoughts in fact he had created the voices he was glad for those voices delighted even. They were his only true friends now, ever? Is that possible? “I must ask two things from you Alex then the gift is yours”. Peter touched the rose that remained idle in its vase, the yellow gleaming the only god given color to this gray and cold god forsaken place. “First you must eat Alex; it would not serve you to be weak of strength with the gift”. Alex for reasons he was unsure of picked up his fork and began to devour the food on his tray, was it the hungry or the truth the old man spoke with, it did not seem to matter much to Alex so he ate, like he never ate before. Corn spilled from his fork, never making the shoveling amount he tried to force into his mouth, before he could finish one bite the fork was grabbing mashed potato’s the food could not enter Alex quick enough. The voices had stopped almost completely now, softly they whispered in unison gift, gift, gift, gift. Perhaps the voices would not be necessary any longer as he looked up at Peter with big doe like eye’s as he continued piling more food into his mouth that it had room to accommodate. Alex’s tray was emptied within seconds. Alex was rendered filthy as if a two year old child with no utensils had simply used its face; his doe like eye’s made Alex look the part. Peter took Alex’s napkin from the side of his tray and Alex pushed his head forward. “Things I do for love” Peter rubbed his face clean satisfied after looking Alex over gave him a thumbs up. The smile reached ear to ear on Alex’s face he did a good job and gramps gave me a thumbs up, wonderful happy days a thumbs up! “Can we play catch?” Alex’s voice soft and pleading matching the two year old model, “Well not right now but soon we will have loads of fun o.k.?” Peter was talking to a child man, but knew the man had no heart of one. “Aww! Gramps!” Peter was almost offended but if the mind reverted all the more simple the task at hand. “O.k., o.k., but not gramps esprimere, remember esprimere” Alex clapped his hands and bounced up and down “sure, sure gramps I mean espimere, sounds funny” Alex furrowed his brow and squeezed his cheeks the word hurt to say. “First come to esprimere so I can give you this, then we play” Peter rose slightly took the yellow rose from the vase. The rose slowly ascended till the bud and stem proudly resided above the vase, the black stem of the rose contained two thorns. One thorn Peter plucked from the stem and used it like a machete to cut the stem short. “A rose?” Alex moaned as if it was the most coodiest thing in the world. “Everyone will laugh at me!” Peter plunked the top button off Alex’s shirt and pushed the shortened stem into the eye-lit. “No Alex, not anymore they won’t”. Peter froze, though doing so would not matter in the slightest. If Alex’s brain did revert to a misguided childhood the virus could offer a pretty bubble and Alex would accept. That would be no good at all. The only way this would work was if Alex’s wish was for freedom, freedom from this gray prison. The virus would know this he figured it would not be so foolish to keep itself here. “Are you sure?” Alex wasn’t happy about the gift. The answer came but not from esprimere he still didn’t like the word he liked gramps better. “Ring around the rosie, ring around the rosie, ashes, ashes THEY all fall down!” the tune was the same but it wasn’t quite right. “Alex?”, “Espimere?”, “No Alex another friend that love’s you”. Two friends! He never ever had two friends before. “I want Espimere back, his voice isn’t scary”. In fact Espimere voice was showered in kindness never afforded to him in the clean world. The voices tone changed to a much softer kinder gentler one “I have another gift for you Alex”, “not another rose is it?” the voice laughed “no Alex no more roses. The great thing about my gift is you get to choose.” Alex’s mind raced what did he want? A new toy? A new Thumper like the one that the bad men in blue suits took from him, that’s what he wanted. “Toy’s you will have, but didn’t you ask Espimere to go play?” Ring around the roses continued to play softly from somewhere beyond the voice. “Yes Alex, but let’s play outside? Where it’s nice and warm full of pretty colors and other people to play with”. “Outside? But those other men won’t let Alex” His smile turning upside down as he stole a peek at one of the guards. “Leave that to me Alex, when I’m done with them, they will make you play outside”. “Make me? I don’t know about that” Alex’s doubted, “just say yes günahkâr outside for the gift and it shall be done”. “Günahkâr what is that?” “just ask say it Alex”, “okay but you’ll see they won’t let me”, “Alex!” the voice was getting testy, best not upset this voice it could be mean to Alex “Yes günahkâr outside for the gift” Alex repeated the voices silly words. Alex two year old Alex was gone, Alex the serial killer was gone, Alex the unloved, Alex the misunderstood, Alex the beaten and destroyed was gone, in its place a hollow unfeeling being that knew only one thing “outside” and knew precisely how to ascertain his own wish. He wanted to play outside and he would be there soon, very soon. 



Chapter 45

AMBER

Sleep would be hard to find again. After taking care of her lens, she found herself unable to return to sleep. The dream was disturbing but not scary. She Amber Halloran was a high priestess of some sort of cult in Egypt that was where the tombs and sphinx were? She wasn’t sure but it was her best guess. She had followers, many in fact all bowing at their feet bringing her gifts as if she was some sort of goddess. She knew it was her, who else had these green eye’s and the face was the same, but the hair dark black streaked across her face was different, she had no wish to dye her hair black, it didn’t fit. A young male was brought to her feet bent over humbled. He said something of what, Amber had no clue, and she did not speak anything other than English. The Amber the one in the dream barely blinked an eye as the young man kept pleading, some reason she knew he pleaded. Then a large figure appeared behind the youngster and pulled him away apparently the young man did not want to go he kicked and screamed and still pleaded with her, but Amber dream Amber would not hear him. She shuddered to wonder what became of the youngster. 



Chapter 46

SOMETHINGS BETTER LEFT BURRIED IN TIME

His mother he could no longer recall, but Jay could recall his father from time to time. The memories were hard to let go, though he wished he could. The memories only brought with them confusion, sadness and Cedar Hill. The shrinks did their best, he’d refused all medication advice, and he wasn’t going to dope his dad out of his memories. He didn’t even want his dad out of his memories, but he had a difficult time dealing with them once they had. Even though mom had passed Dad was great, he worked hard at the Coal mines which meant he was gone a lot during the week, but the weekend’s his Dad was all his. They watched baseball games with their TV. Tray’s pulled out sitting on the coach and yelling at the TV. Jay pictured himself looking up at his Dad and repeating his words. Dad burst out laughing and reminded him not all what Dad’s say is good. Dad was trying to teach him to pitch, the Blue Jay’s needed pitching, maybe one day Jay would be wearing their jersey. They’d still need the help after Jay grew up he’d say. 



Chapter 47

ALEX and PETER

Peter finished his meal, as the guards returned to their watching paint dry state, pulled his napkin from his lap and wiped his mouth clean. “I have a way to salvage what time you have left”. Peter placed his napkin and fork on his plate and Bronk, no name would fit the man better he was built like a cinder block, only more solid, and took Peter’s tray and disposed of it. Alex had yet to touch his food, Christ he was hungry but the will to eat had left him while he was in the Hole. With only his thoughts and so few of them in fact that he had created the voices to keep himself company and they delighted him. They were his only true friends now, ever? More likely possible, since he could not recall a single one. “I must ask two things from you Alex, and then the gift is yours”. Peter touched the rose that remained idle in its vase, the rose gleaming yellow the only god given color to this gray forsaken place. “First you must eat Alex; it would not serve you well to be weak of strength with the gift”. Alex for reason he was unsure of picked up his fort and began to devour the food before him, was it the hunger or the truth the old man spoke with, it did not seem to matter much at the moment, Alex ate. Corn spilled from his fork, before he could finish one bite it was grabbing mashed potatoes, the food could not enter Alex quick enough. The voices had stopped well almost softly they whispered in unison gift, gift, gift, gift it was quite annoying but the volume made it bearable. Perhaps the voices wouldn’t be necessary as he looked up at Peter with doe like eyes as he continued piling more food into his mouth that it had room to accommodate. Alex’s tray was emptied within seconds. Alex was rendered filthy as if a two year old child with no utensil skills had simply used its face, his doe like expression made Alex look the part. Peter took Alex’s napkin from the side of his tray and Alex pushed his head up and forward toward Peter. “Things I do for love” Peter sighed. Peter rubbed Alex’s face clean, satisfied after looking him over gave Alex a thumbs up. The smile reached ear to ear on Alex’s face, he did a good and gramps gave me a thumbs up wonderful days a thumbs up! “Can we play catch?” Alex’s voice soft and pleading and matching the doe eye’s. “We’ll not right now, but soon we will have loads of fun, Okay?” Peter was talking to a child man, but knew the man had no heart of one, probably never did. “Aw! Gramps!!” Peter was almost offended, but if as planned the mind resorted to child hood all the more simple the task. “Okay, okay, but not Gramps, Espimere, remember Espimere”, Alex clapped his hands and bounced up and down “sure, sure gramps I mean Espimere, sounds funny” Alex furrowed his brow and squeezed his cheeks the word hurt to say. “First come to Espimere, so I can give you this, then we play”. Peter rose slightly took the yellow rose from the vase. The rose slowly ascended till bud and stem proudly stood above the vase the black stem of the rose contained two thorns. One thorn Peter plucked from the stem and used it like a machete in a surgeons hands and cut the rose short. “A rose?” Alex moaned as if it was the most coodiest thing the world. “Everyone will laugh at me”. Peter plucked the top button off of Alex’s shirt and pushed the shortened stem into the eyelet of his shirt. “NO Alex, not anymore they won’t”. Peter froze, though doing so would not matter in the slightest if Alex’s brain did revert to child hood as it apparently had, the virus could offer a pretty bubble and Alex would except the gift. That would be no good at all. 



Chapter 48

JAY’s PAST

Money was tight though his Dad brought in a decent steady paycheck. They never went without food or a roof over their heads. The food mostly consisted of sandwiches, a bag of Lay’s Potato Chips and a Coke for Jay and a bottle of Schmidts for Dad. Guys from the mines showed up once and awhile and Dad always had plenty to share. Jay liked the miners, though dirty and grubby they always seemed to have each other’s backs. They would teach Jay some tricks and jokes till Dad made Jay go to bed. Usually he’d stay at the top of the stairs and pick down, though they never seemed to be doing much of anything other than talking. Life was great until Jay started hearing words like Union and Lock Outs. Whatever they meant it wasn’t good. Throughout all his memories he could not recall his father’s face always he stood in shadow just outside of Jay’s sight. Time Jay thought, so much time had passed he could not recall a simple facial feature. Did he sport a mustache? A beard? Did he have blue eyes or brown eyes? Did he have scars? Jay just couldn’t make any specific feature match the man. Then Jay’s dream drew darker, a knock on the door, the shadow’s reached out of their corners welcoming the man on the other side of the door. There was a Christmas tree Jay remembered the first time the man had visited. He’d told Jay no jokes and showed Jay no tricks. Jay’s Dad did not wait for bed time and rushed Jay upstairs. The man smelled heavy of garlic and wore fancy clothes; no miner wore clothes of this nature. The man started showing up every other night, more some weeks. When he asked his father, he simply smiled and said he was a friend. The dream grew darker still, knowing full well the outcome of the man’s constant visit’s the dream knew he was no friend, his father’s softly spoken lie stung. His father never had done that before, why now. 
“So finally awake?” The dream would go no further; the once dark ominous dream gave way to her soft voice and bright presence. He had not been awake but apparently she would not wait any longer for him to join the living, Evening as it was. “You must have done something right; Robert” always Robert not Bob “wants to see you soon as you wake up.” He could feel her pull the covers quickly and join him. “This won’t be for another oh say 45 minutes.”



Chapter 49

ALEX

The newspapers, radio and television all had their own versions of the same story, they had to scrape facts together by speculation and wonder as it was all a mere guess for now. They were all left in the dark just the way Paul E. Watson, says so anyway on his desk name plate, wanted it for now. The Warden of Croket Maximum Security Prison would spoon feed them when he was plenty good and ready, when the timing was just ripe. It was a Thursday; Peter was in Mr. Watson’s office as he was every Thursday when it all started. Peter sat in the visitors high back leather bound seat, the only time he felt second to anyone, was here, it made Peter unsettled. “Espimere?” Mr. Watson never turned his swivel chair to face him; he would feel disrespected by anyone else. “It would be more suitable then the alternative”. Gramps? Wouldn’t stand for Gramps, not after everything he had accomplished in lines of respect throughout his life. Watson only chuckled deeply “Ah yes, Gramps, I guess that would be more refined, unless”. Bronk his ever trusted body guard was close at hand though what amount of comfort would that be in the long run? “Unless your other agenda required Alex’s attention”, a sigh of discord from the other side of that chair. “The woman?” he simply said in a long drawn out sigh, “no, the child” the answer was much quicker with a touch of edge to it. Though the woman did mean something, the child more so. “And this Redman, who paid you a visit, who is he to care of such minor details?” Minor? The child was Peter’s grandchild the woman his daughter estranged as they were, he knew Watson would not care a spit for either, but had a better chance with the child. Peter had almost completely forgotten Redman’s request his pleading his utter begging for the lawless to take matters into their own hands. “No more than a waste of my remaining time”. “Ah but you saw it carried out on his behalf.” The alarms began to blare, Watson brought the phone to his ear “Yes all units to the cafeteria immediately!” there was no urgency in the man’s unfaltering voice. Peter patted the bible he now kept on his person at all times. All his reading on his soul all his repenting would be to no end. “I see” Watson exclaimed with edgy remorse attached to it. Did Watson know of remorse? Maybe a life time ago, but Peter was sure it had long ago left any trace of itself behind for Paul to clinge to. “He spoke of the Lord our Christ and Savior did he not?” Peter tried to recall the conversation with Redman, “I think it was I that did most of the talking”. Watson began drumming his fingers “curious that you never mentioned this to your Espimere”. The word “voice” thrown back at him startled Peter reminded him there was no point to lie to Watson. “Not worth your time”. Peter would burn in hell when he crossed from the living to the dead, for all he had done in his life there wasn’t enough repenting he could do. Before Peter made that final journey and Sir Watson would not hear of it, it would require a heart to full-fill, which Sir Watson like remorse no longer possessed at his vast disposal. Redman on the other hand gave his word, something valued only by the measure of the one giving it. Peter had measured and valued the word of Redman as pure and honest. “The Lord a great and powerful man, not one to be trifled with” Watson continued in his long drawn out way of which he speaks. Peter remained silent, “Come no Peter though you look upon me poorly, as I assure you believe, I am not evil incarnate, far from that path I am.” Watson chuckled sadistically again “Okay not so far from it, however I see myself as a Truth Bringer, doing his work” Watson looked toward the heavens and made the sign of the cross. Peter was at a loss of words, his tongue would not form word to lip what was Watson talking of, did he thing spreading that virus was god’s work? If Watson so believed he has truly lost his mind. “I feel you lack of faith, you of all people”. Watson’s chair swiveled and he was no longer in it. He appeared now standing by his immaculately kept book shelf studying it wisely. Watson plucked a very thick book from its resting place; he opened it and glanced mindlessly at it while flipping a few pages. “What if I were to tell you Famine has a cure? That no child every should be still going hungry, that your Savior has not sat idly by?” Peter did not miss the point, his Savior not our Savior. “That man himself was given that cure many years ago, decades in fact.” Watson placed the book silently back into the place it once resided and pulled another. “What if I told you, you would never lose another loved one to the big seven, Cancer, AIDS, heart failure, tumors and so on, probably never should have in the first place” Watson let the heavy words fall on Peter like cascading shards of glass. “If it was not for that very reason” he let Peter think the answer for himself, though Peter surmised it quickly, he could not speak the answer, “Man Peter, it is man who shelters these cures, hoards them for himself to feed his own ends, greed, power lust, envy”. Peter was beyond speechless he never once in his long tenure at Croket thought anything less than powerful in regards to Watson, but other words like insane and crazy were bubbling there now. Peter was powerless to walk out trapped by his own will and what Alex was doing in the cafeteria, ever so grateful Peter was to be spared the unspeakable things that transpired there. “The virus as you call it is more accurately described as a cure Peter, this world has been contaminated with such pure hatred and greed it needs to be cleansed.” Watson grabbed yet another book. “Brain tumors, cured” Watson tossed the book to the floor at Peter’s feet, “Cancer, that was easy, cured” yet another book flapped to Peter’s feet. All medical books ancient and dusted with age. One after another books appeared at Peter’s feet. “Ah AIDS, tricky one, took us a week” the book bounced off the others. Sir Watson’s voice continued to slowly build in its controlled rage, till all his medical books laid in a heap at Peter’s feet, all claiming to have been long cured. Watson took hold of the now empty bookshelf as if to steady himself, “all of them cured, cured Peter, but I again ask why we still lose our loved ones?” Why do we still starve in some countries while others thrive in their abundance’s? Simple Peter greed, nothing more nothing less.”



Chapter 50

JAY and BOB Part II

They made love twice. His absence seemed to have pronged her need for him, as if she’d been without for weeks instead of just the two days. Was it really just the two, so much had happened so much had changed? “So how did the hunting trip go?” It wasn’t their first conversation since he’d returned, but this was the first she asked of it. Such an innocent question so completely difficult to answer. “Interesting” her eyes widened for more information. He told her, quite frankly about the Food Bag incident, with the way the manager carried on, Jay was sure he would buy himself some free advertising mentioning Jay’s appearance and heroic actions. She was sure to hear of it eventually, she gasped and held him tightly “don’t ever do that again” she scorned him with pride. “No problem there” he counted himself lucky that the fool’s gun, as it turned out had it safety on. The rest of the trips adventures however, how could he tell her? She would not believe him or at the very least think he needed medical help. “I’m a horrible shot; I don’t think your brother will ask me to go again”. She placed a hand on his chest and pushed herself up to gage him, “he will, if you want to, I’ll talk to him”. Aw geesh last thing Jay wanted was to ever step foot in those woods or any other for a very long time, ever would be too soon. “That’s okay Claire really, just not my thing” he eye’s her playfully “better ways to spend my free time”. However before her welcoming arms could pull him in the phone rang again. She let out a long disparaged sigh “That’s Robert, he won’t stop calling, and you better take it this time”. The phone had ringed during their second go around, but then a nuclear explosion would not have stopped her, but now Robert had crawled under her skin. A distracted Claire would be better than most women he had in the past, but a devoted and single minded Claire came second to only breathing. The warmth of Claire’s body gave way to a cold unforgiving hard wood floor and comparatively ice cold robe. He doubted either was the real reason heat seemed to have vacated his body. Jay made no real effort to reach the phone in time. By the seventh ring the phone gave up, Ahh relief. Jay thought of heading back to Claire, but heard the shower, instead made himself a coffee. As he spun the spoon the phone picked up where it had left off, irritating the hell out of Jay’s day. “Robert?” Jay didn’t bother checking the caller I.D., who else could be calling him repeatedly. “No its Jack” immediately Jay’s gut tightened, the Cana was apparently still on its slow meticulous journey but only had roamed under the cloak of darkness, had that been a lie to? Not that he ever liked Baine, but now he loathed him. “Jack? Everything alright?”, “Sure, sure exceptional actually” Jay hadn’t caught the upbeat tone in Jack’s voice before, now it was clear. “Exceptional?” “Word of the day calendar from Ms. Palpi, always trying to better the common man that one”. On the other side of the conversation Ms. Palpi gave Jack a thumbs up. “You said good news?”, “I said exceptional Mr. Hero of the day”. Obviously word of his heroics at the Food Bag had not gone unnoticed “but”, here it comes Jay thought “our friends have been busy”. Jay’s mind was on a different track all together, Claire, Robert, the Cana, Jack only heard muted silence. “Don’t you ever watch the news?” Jack said no more, he couldn’t. Jay flipped on the Daily News and caught up. “I see, that is exceptional news”. Jay watched as news spread of the wide spread panic at Croket. Redman’s plans coming to fruition. “Well, anyway the guys have a standing request to buy you a round, bring that wonderful wife of yours.” Claire had finished showering and joined him for a cup of coffee. She placed her arms around him once again. If this was the reaction he’d receive every time he left her side, he’d plan daily trips. “Alright then Pete’s tonight then, I can’t speak for Claire, but I’ll ask”. He could feel her head pop up when she heard her name, “drinks at Pete’s?” She hardly ever accepted the invite “Sure”, “That settle’s it then Claire and I will meet you their 7:00”. As the day seemed to take on a brighter version of the one he expected the phone rang again as soon as the receiver hit home. The caller I.D. read “Robert”.



Chapter 51

DEAR WATSON

Peter was beside himself, sitting still sitting in his high back leather prison, more confining then his own cell, how he longed for his 8x8 cell. What was Watson saying that all man’s ills are cured that it was man that deviled in its delay to reach the masses? How, how…unbelievable? He’d never known Watson to lie to him, better yet Watson had been all too forthcoming when it came to the virus, and no Watson called it a cure. An ice cube clanked in a glass and found one being offered to him. Watson stood behind him; his outstretched had the only visible sign of Watson. Gingerly Peter accepted it. “Today we celebrate Peter, a new dawn has been set to action”. By me Peter thought, through that rose, through that beast of a man child, Alex. Watson tapped his own to Peter’s clinking the glasses in joyous cheer. Peter hesitated. “Come now Peter, you must know by now that I’ve spoken nothing but the truth”. Peter did have time to think it through. All those millions of dollars spent on research, all of those brilliant minds working hand in hand and they’ve come up empty year after year. Nothing ever seemed to be gained, a handful of meaningless diseases over the course of decades had been nullified but the big 7 never seemed to get any closer to the cure on those. Unless Peter thought unless Watson was right, that the cure laid dormant somewhere, guarded by fools. Peter swirled the ice in his glass and drank a cap full of his Gin Tonic. Peter wasn’t sure he celebrated the revelation of the knowledge, but no longer felt a hint of guilt at unleashing Alex, those bastards would pay. Peter found the gin loosening his tongue and found his voice “What confounds me the most” Peter closed his eyes against the horrors of the truth he was forced to face “plenty I am sure” Watson spoke with the air of kindness not arrogance or dismissal, but of true kindness. “If” he exaggerated the f as long as he could underscoring his remaining doubt “as you say are doing his good work, then come forward with the cures, the Man of the Year, the Century you’d be”. Peter fell short of God; they’d deem you a god Peter thought. Watson again seated at his desk no light ever seemed to find the man’s face, have you ever thought of a desk lamp Peter thought. Watson’s darkened figure shook his head. Peter could hear the sound of a drawer being pulled on the large oak desk and suddenly an orange appeared on his lap. Peter picked it up confused, if this was the answer he’d have a few more. “What is that?” Peter looked at it, brought it to snout and took a sniff, far as he could tell it was an ordinary every day orange, nothing like a Sicilian Blood Orange of favorite of his as a child, but none the less “an orange?” Peter felt like an ignorant child guessing at the answer. “Wrong it’s a Hynocodin”. Peter blankly stared at the orange. Is sure fooled him this Hynocodin looks and smells just like an orange. “You see Peter? All your life orange, this is orange and life goes on, you learned it from Kindergarten” If Peter was confused before what was he now? “Now Peter lets carry this to extremes the Big 7, all your long lived life you’ve been told there was no cure, no possible cure in sight and life for some goes on”. Watson stood again by his fine liquor cabinet his back toward Peter letting it sink in. Watson turned slightly showing Peter the bottle, “niente” Peter had barely touched his. The offer brought the liquor forefront in Peter’s thoughts so Peter drank. “Do you believe me when I say Hynocodin?” Peter let the gin wet his palate. “All things considered Espimere”, “then you are more the fool you’ve lead me to believe”. Watson continued before the hurt could settle in on Peter. “All your life that’s an orange that is the dilemma I face. Who am I to say differently?” Though no light ever seemed to shine on Watson it shown brilliantly on Peter’s brain. “No one would believe you, they’d lock you up.” Clapping Watson slow clapped his approval. “And an Orange shall set thy free”. “No Espimere, a Hynocodin”. Watson’s dry humorless laugh filled the office once again. 



Chapter 52

AMBER

She grabbed the alarm clock off the night stand it read 4:07 A.M. version. “Aw screw it”. Sleep would not find her, no matter what she did. She attempted to recall the dream about the young kid looked no older than 16 for some reason she thought she knew it was 16 and not a guess. She remembered seeing dread in his eyes and pleading. Her dream self would not bend an eye to his begging and apparently whatever was going to happen to him he was not going to like it. She tried again but found less success at finding Mr. Sandman so she grabbed her robe and threw it over her slender shoulders. As she went for the shower she flicked on the lights as she went and tossed in her favorite CD. She did love the apartment, who wouldn’t, but it always seemed too quite, the silence of the rooms she passed gave her a creaped out feeling. “Look at me afraid of ghosts” she thought as she turned on the lights, “what am I five years old?” She remembered the little girl that was and that girl was afraid of ghosts and things that went bump in the night, until Dad had asked her “What could a ghost actually do to you, it’s just a ghost”. That was then, this is the here and now and Dad long since joined the spirit world himself. She was a grown woman for chrimney sakes a Dadism how she loved her father the only man she loved with all her heart. Get a hold of yourself she thought, still the world was fast asleep more silent then ever almost a dead silence, she turned the stereo up just a notch, a little comfort as she hit the shower to start her day. It was her second shower in the past 7 hours but the first only to remedy Doc’s touch off her. She shuttered as she recalled bone crackling as he thrust into her, it sounded like someone cracking their knuckles, and she pretended not to hear. It was her own doing, she welcomed him, it was consensual but did she really have any choice in the matter? Sure she could have headed to California she knew her looks would carry her so far, but she didn’t kid herself she had no acting skills to speak of. Producers and talent agents would abuse her just as Doc did till she was washed up on the wrong side of thirty. They would kick her out for some younger piece of ass, penniless and homeless she’d probably turn to selling what was left of herself. This way at least she had the upscale apartment, a barely used BMW another hush-hush gift, a fare trade for twenty minutes on her back twice a week. How his wife didn’t know she couldn’t figure. Doc was the lesser of two evils, and thank God he never promised to leave his wife for her. Twice a week she could manage a whole week and what about the weekend? The thought seemed to chill her and she shuttered again. As she went to rinse the conditioner out of her hair, she heard something stopped and waited for it. She giggled to herself, rap? What was she thinking, Should have known gun fire and F-bombs would not sooth her nerves. She finished her shower and twirled her towel into that cyclone that only women seem to poses the ability to do. She placed her right leg up on the sink as if she was stretching, but double checking to make sure she had gotten all those hard to reach places with her razor. A cheerleader’s ability to do so made the task simple, at what age she wondered would she lose the ability to do this. Satisfied after she checked her left in the same manner she turned to check out her ass. The silk robe, how she loved the feel of fine silk against her skin, barely covered her ass; of course she thought a gift from Doc wouldn’t be of the granny ground hugging variety. Still round, still no signs of flab peeking through she worked out at least three times a week down at a place called Dane’s. Dane now that was a man she could sink her teeth into, and who was that other guy, oh yeah married not that, that stopped her in the past, but he didn’t look wealthy enough to keep her set up in this fashion. I am such a slut, at least I’m not cheap she thought and shrugged. She went for her toothbrush when a bottle of pills fell to the sink, glancing around, but wait that same noise again. This time she froze. No CD this time, she had forgotten to select multi-disc and it had ran its course, leaving the Entertainment room in total silence. She smiled at herself in the mirror. It wasn’t like anyone could have entered without a key, this wasn’t the hood and there’s a doorman, the only way up was to be buzzed in. Doc, had to be, at least she wouldn’t have to redo her make-up she had not quite gotten that far yet. She pasted on her best smile, smiling Amber sometimes got gifts, generous ones at that. She cracked the door “in here Doc” she used her best cheery voice, cheery and smiling that always brought men to their knees. She checked herself again while waiting for Doc to join her, sure once Doc got a glimpse he’d take more and the shower a foot away. Wouldn’t be the first time, and a time saving distance from the warm shower. 



Chapter 53

BAINE

After Jay’s incident with the (Granting) cycle with the Cana Baine had implored Jay to leave and return home and never to return to the place. However not before making him swear not to use the gift, which Clark obviously mistakenly bestowed upon him. That an untrained Champion though impressive he may have been in battle tend to hurt themselves or anyone around them. Jay immediately agreed. Far too quickly for Baine’s liking, but Baine could shadow him from time to time and there was always the synergy to a point that they now shared. Baine finished storing the Cana in the depths of the caves entrance so deep that time would make it dust before anyone could reach it by conventional methods. Then like a jack-hammer brought down the caves entrance. Now shirtless the scares of accent battles riddled his front and what appeared to be whip slashes covered his back. They covered his back with deep dark gauges hardened in time. Though they were more ancient then the battle scares, these he would not forget or forgive the person whom gave them to him. She showed no mercy barely glanced at him and certainly did not hear his cries. What was he to know at such an age any more then lust and little else? The punishment nearly killed him; they thought he had indeed passed on to the underworld. They tossed him into a heap of corpses. Sixteen years old and they left him to rot. He managed to lay as if he was no more, managed to show no signs of life and succeeded, for three days. Thirst rather than hunger had over taken him with the stench of the dead taking care of the appetite. The pit filled the night ritual of the burning came and as the flames took hold of the oils he raised from the pit covered in death, angry and thirsty. The curses he swore at them in his dried up voice caused them to run. Run like the dogs of hell had been beseeched upon them. He ruled over them, those that remained deeming him a god a god to fear. During his reign he searched for her. The one that command his punishment. He would find her and deal with her. Baine knew in time he would find her, time he had plenty of, but patience very little if any. Yes after all this time he finally found her, even had a way to get to her. He was still waiting though and had to keep reminding himself she was not yet of age of remembrance of her ancient heritage, but once she did Baine paused then what? Kill her was his first impulse, bash her skull in, strangle her with his own bare hands watch as her eye’s would buldge from their sockets, as life itself drain from her body. The impulse felt honest, but like an annoying child tugging on a parents sleeve reminding him “you love her don’t you?” He did, yes. It was for that very reason he was punished. Not so much for the love any man at any age would and did fall to their knees hopelessly devoted. No not the love the love you could hide that, swallow it down whole and burry it deep, but the kiss he stole from her would not go unnoticed. 



Chapter 54

JAY and CLAIRE

“Since when do you catch the 6:00 news?” Jay was sitting on their too large of a sofa and never heard her approach to engross in the Croket incident. Being startled seemed to want to awaken the blur ability his body went numb for just a second just as if it had fallen asleep, just as it had at the cave. The blur never took form however, apparently the ability was triggered and linked to self perseverance or perhaps danger, Claire was no threat so it simmered. It wasn’t much but it was a start to understanding the, what had Baine called it mucduc? “Jay?”, “Oh sorry Claire what now?” he pulled his eyes off the television and turned to her. She knew something was up the second she walked into the room and saw him sitting there “what’s going on?” Jay hesitated, but no there was no lie associated with the matter. “Croket Maximum Security Prison”, “so?” murderers, thieves, rapists they could all burn in hell for all she cared, wasn’t like they knew someone that…was…there, and the night was promising to be a fun one, so much for that idea. Jay had already heard the reported injuries but not the one he wanted, not yet anyway. The reporter promised more were on their way once Paul E. Watson passed those names on. Jay checked his watch and Claire watched as he placed a reluctant smile on his face, a forced smile. “Ready to go? You look, well gorgeous as always.” She didn’t return the smile “want to talk about it?” she hadn’t wanted to, but obviously Jay was preoccupied “It’s my favorite black dress, the top? The guys are going to be looking down it all night”. This time when Jay smiled it was authentic. “You know what I meant”. He stood and dusted off his pants she always found that curious, wasn’t like he’d been eating crackers, it was cute, it was Jay. “I won’t go till you talk” why was she pressing him so much, she thought. He took his jacket off and returned to the coach and got comfy. “No”, his mood had darkened, “no? What kind of answer is that?” he never turned trying desperately to control his anger, he wasn’t even mad at Claire she was just pushing him toward something dark. “No? Well it’s a fine damn good answer if you ask me, I’ve wasted enough of my time wondering if or what or may or may not happen to that sick-fuck”. He had hoped Redman had gotten through to Peter it was out of his hands now “He’s in Crocket, from what I’ve heard its living hell”. 



Chapter 55

CLAIRE and JAY

In the down pour the city seemed to be cleansing itself. The multitude ran for cover, street vendors closed up shop the down trodden found refuge out of site even business people with their fine suits and red tie’s seemed to be swallowed up by the rain. The city wasn’t exactly silent or disserted just quieter. Taxis still drove, people running from cover fighting each other for them, it wasn’t like there wasn’t fifty more where that one came from still arguments over specific taxis ensued. “I don’t mind the rain, but with it would run to a trickle” Claire pulled the car into a $2.00 an hour “secured” parking lot. “Say’s suppose to be like this day and night for most of the week”. Jay on the other hand hated the rain; the city seemed to take on the personality of the weather cloudy rainy and chilly, the cities temperament would worsen. On the flip side of that, the warm sun and blue sky’s meant beaches, less close and more exposed skin on Claire. Damn he hated the rain. Claire parked the car facing the balcony on the second floor. “Ask and you shall receive”, “what?”, “doesn’t look like you’re going to need that umbrella after all”. They exited the car as Claire hit the door lock on her key chain. The rain had nearly vanished, a soft mist still remained and the sun seemed to be trying its best to kick the remaining clouds out of the way. Jay took her hand in his own “is there anything you ask for which you don’t receive?” As they walked hand in hand to the elevator Jay sensed something was wrong maybe wrong was too much, something seemed off. “So when does Fallen Bay II come out?” She had seen the office desk fill with note books, discarded notes and plenty of waste in the bin. “Didn’t realize it was”, “well you’re working on something; you know how well secrets work between us.” What was the point she saw right through him “outside of Dane and law school not much else to do with you off on your errands all the time”. They reached the elevator even though it was only the second floor she did not like stair cases seemed to go out of her way to avoid them. “You know me don’t like talking about work in progress, jinx’s it”. “So part II is coming out when?” “See what I mean? I’m just tinkering, taking my time trying to outdo the last, not easy to do”. The elevator seemed to be stuck on the top floor. “I see I won’t pester you, but”, “but…”, “Dane gets it first and I’ll never speak to you again”. She smiled and squeezed his hand which she had not been without since they left the car. They entered the elevator the only two on it, as the doors began to close Jay spotted someone in the distance, the persons back to them and covered in a long trench coat and outdated fedora Jay didn’t have to see the man’s face. Jay knew by the outdated style and build of the man Jay had no doubt Baine. Jay hit the door close button repeatedly, though they were nearly closed already. “In a hurry?”, “huh oh no, not sure why I did that”. Baine could be at the first floor before the elevator’s doors finished closing, what’s the use Jay felt trapped and helpless. When the doors spread open upon reaching the first floor, he expected to see a skinny early fifties middle eastern gentleman facing them, to his enjoyment just a stout old woman with a cane trying to make their elevator. Jay held it opened for her. “Thank you sir”, “don’t mention it mama”. He watched the elevator swallow her up. After seeing the woman disappear he turned to Claire who was busy enjoying the warm sun that seemed to awaken as she entered the city. She downed her sun glasses just staring at him, he smiled “What are you smiling about?” “Just my luck darlin, that’s all”. He once again took her hand in his and forgot he’d just seen Baine or at least did his best too. Baine the first and last person he wanted to see today. “Where too?”, “nowhere in particular just wanted to soak up the sun”. A sun that had washed away any hint of rain and made every weatherman scratch his head. They started walking past the fine boutiques and restaurants “So I assume she’s in it?”, “I thought you weren’t going to pester me about it”. Karen that green eye’s bitch was Baine’s woman in the original Fallen Bay of course she’d be in it, she’d almost been killed off, but at “the last second save by the hero Baine. “You know she’d be and I’ve told you this already, she’s fictional”. Somehow Claire doubted that, Jay had to have pulled her from the real world she was just too real. Sure he was a good writer, but Karen seemed exceptionally and carefully played out in his book. “Mind if I stop her for a coffee?” Jay peeked inside the line was a bit long, he spied a Jewelry store right next to it. “Why don’t you grab two and let me duck in next door”. Anthony’s fine Jewelry. “Sure, but you know nothing to big right?”, “I’m sure I know what I’m looking for, see you in ten?” She kissed him on the cheek and ducked into the coffee shop. Jay spun 360…Baine…where are you, you jack-ass. The streets were growing thick by the minute with the new turn in the weather the streets would be packed within the hour, already it would be a practice in futility to find him in such a short time, so he entered Anthony’s. Keeping it simple Jay headed for the front show case, as he was perusing a brochette and tennis bracelet he heard the suction of the main entrance door spill in the street noise, heard the soft chime of the antique bell ring. He didn’t need to turn so didn’t he knew who it was. His gut tightened his nerve endings became live wires, the hair on the back of his neck raised in a silent salute to the outdated dressed man standing behind him. Anthony’s cashier was going on about quality and cut as she handed the tennis bracelet to Jay he noticed his hands trembling. “That’s fine, I’ll take that one.” She disappeared to wrap up his purchase, now or never. “Baine” his voice gave no hidden value that it was disdain he said the word. “That anyway to greet a friend?” Jay kept staring at the display case if he’d turn he felt as though he might lose it. “Mmmm some friend” Jay fought for control of his anger winning slightly, Clair next door seemed to ground him just barely enough. “Sorry you feel that way” the cordial talk time was over, though it was anything but “we need to talk”, “so it would seem”. The cashier returned with the pricey bracelet wrapped up neatly with a red bow. Jay handed her his black credit card “Will that be all?”, “I may look awhile longer, why don’t you take care of the gentlemen that just arrived”, “excuse me sir?” The store was not that spacious, oh right its Baine, Jay turned to find he was alone…figures… ““sorry my mistake”. Jay exited Anthony’s as Claire two travel coffee mugs in hand did the same. 



Chapter 56

JACK and PUBE

The crew showed up flat beds with prefab material in wait. “You look a little beat kid”. Pub was smiling ear to ear “You know you wasted is one that’s being used correctly”, “not quite how it goes, but you ready for this?” Jack didn’t think Pube looked all that ready, might still be drunk or dealing with a hangover. They were counting on Pube as a guide on for the flooring it was all hands on deck every set of eyes were going to be needed for today’s work. Pube drained his Yankee coffee mug and filled it again “these girls don’t even put up a fight”, Jack cringed not another story “You gonna catch something someday kid”, “hey grandpa I wear, no worries, these girls aren’t pro’s just easy that’s all”. Jack wondered if there was a big difference. Jack grew tired and glad as a few workers rolled up and would willingly take his place. “Fill that back up and brew another one, big day ahead of us”. Jack found his escape ducking out into the cool morning air; the rain didn’t do enough to slow them up much. Jack took a sip as the trailers door closed he could hear Pube. “Are girls getting younger or am I getting older?” they laughed pressing him for more info Pube would be all to glad to share. 



Chapter 57

JAY and CLAIRE

Claire saw the Anthony’s bag. “So much easier”, “I’ll keep it in mind for next time”. The day was turning out to be remarkably nice day despite the many forecasts that had claimed otherwise. He never did quite like the city, too many variables, too many people crammed into one place he preferred their secluded spot on the beach where you could turn a blind eye to the rest of the world. Where time slowed to a crawl, time worked twice as fast in the city to make up for the slacking of it elsewhere in the world. There weren’t any roses for these people to stop and smell, maybe that’s’ why they never slow down, even if there was he bet they’d walk not just past them, but probably on top of them. “Did you hear Bob was transferred?”, “he said as much when we grabbed lunch the other day”, “kind of glad that block will never be clean, way too dangerous”, “he’s a cop darlin, it’s what he does”. 



Chapter 58

BOB JAY and KNIGHT

For the second time in the short time since the woods incident, Jay was going to blur. He’d tried it a few other times to hone his skills, but nowhere near perfect and here he was betting his life on it. Bob and Jay decided to dub it blur stealing the line from Dane. Though he’d told Bob several times there was nothing to it, he had no way of knowing for sure. Risky, damn risky he kept thinking, but things had to be done. Redman needed people like Knight it there was only one way to do that. Force it. He crossed the street in front of the tinted out Buick, no doubt containing Knight and god knew who else could be half dozen strung out mothers looking for a good time. The Buick bucked and nearly ran Jay over, Jay was careful to keep his face pointed away from Knight’s vehicle, doubt the guy read anything but the latest playboy but why take that chance. They could get some description of him though for better or worse it was too late now to turn back. He dropped to a knee in front of Trevor, Redman did his homework, sure as hell Knight’s kid, extended the Redman card. The kid looked sixteen at best “My card” and went toward Bob with his back to Knight and company, though Bob seemed to be aiming his weapon at Jay it was to the Buick he concentrated his efforts. If things went wrong now Bob would take a couple of shots and Jay would be gone, Bob kept his undercover car handedly ready for moving out. As he taped Bob on the shoulder a signal to get the hell out of here, knowing full well the confusion would work as a distraction Jay concentrated and blurred out of sight. If there were any side effects to this he’d soon find out. Jay stopped blurring having circled back around Knight’s Buick. Jay would have to follow him and without Bob, Bob was gone. As Jay blurred back in he’d found himself slight off his intended mark, but not by much. He proceeded to where he’d stashed his guns and ammo, picked them up. Hopefully he would not have to use them. Carefully watching Knight toss Trevor into the back seat. Jay checked himself quickly no immediate side effects, he was surprised to find he wasn’t even out of breath, how did this crazy shit work in the first place? “Okay Knight let’s dance”. Jay had to wait till the Buick was a few miles ahead, then have to blur in and out of existence to stay insight of the car. Vision wasn’t great inside a blur. The Buick didn’t travel far and pulled into a dilapidated brick gated house. A small gated front yard with a Doberman on the front stoop, two heavy armed men watching the street sat in plastic lawn chairs too bored to care. Good Jay thought stay that way. 



Chapter 59

ALEX

Of course Alex had accepted the gift. Even though the new voice was scary it had promised him he could play outside, first things first though. Espimere wanted something done, something awful, something he could not do. He couldn’t do it alone that is, that’s where the voice came in, said it would help. “Alex” the scary voice appeared out of thin air, he never remembered where this voice had come from, and the other two they were from the bad place, the Hole. This voice came from somewhere different he wasn’t sure how but he knew it was somewhere deeper in his unconsciousness, someplace he would never go not even in the Hole, somewhere too dark and too cold. Alex stopped breaking a guards arm in five different places. He hadn’t planned on stopping it was putty, but the voice wanted him. The guard lay screaming in excruciating pain as other guards used tasers and batons on Alex. None of which fazed him in the slightest. Alex twisted the guards arm once more six breaks now that would have to do as the guard’s screams vanished what a shame. “Father?” Alex had not yet named the new voice but Father seemed somehow appropriate. “Enough fun for now Alex, Espimere wanted you to do something is that right?” Alex’s yellow eye’s the exact color of the rose darted into a new direction “Yes Father” his voice came out ashamed as if a child was caught doing something he shouldn’t have be doing. “What did he say? Father?” a confused uninjured guard with Stanley printed above his right pocket had overheard Alex’s one man conversation and came down with his baton. The force of the blow kicked the would be weapon out of Stanley’s hands. “Shit!” Stanley attempted to back pedal and fell over an injured comrade, Alex watched him with no more attention than one would give to an annoying fly that just wouldn’t go away. Stanley took a chance and ran for the door “Where you going?” cried Kurt also stenciled on the front pocket taking his taser and jolting the button and watch it have no ill effect on Alex. “Shit aint right, I’m outta here” Stanley wasn’t sure why none of this was working on the guy but hell as sure wasn’t going to stand around and end up like the rest of the guys. Kurt looked at Alex again “wait for me!” Kurt took after Stanley. Two guards now ran for the door, five more were on the ground barely moving out of commission. Alex looked for more to break. Break, that’s all that mattered now break tare break kill. “Alex! Go Now!” the voice was getting angrier now. “But Espimere said I have to… You know”, “Yes Alex I know, and he will feel much pain.” This would be different kind of pain not the fun pain of watching bone turn to putty or blood spill from pushing bone through skin Alex loved when that happened, this was all way too different, and Espimere said he couldn’t kill this one. That would be hard. “Just bring me there Alex and I will do the rest”. There were no more guards to break but a large speaker had told of more guards coming this way. Alex wanted to stay and play with them, but the voice was angry now, he didn’t want to disappoint Father anymore then he already had, “Fine”. 



Chapter 60

JAY and CLAIRE

Pete’s had two television sets, one by the bar and one by the lone pool table that had seen better days, they both played nothing but sports always. Yankees on one and if it were football season Steelers if they were televised in not the Giants were always a crowd favorite. Tonight both sported Giants vs. Dallas a huge divisional game was playing. Jay had finally convinced Claire to drop the Sweiter matter by agreeing that Croket by all accounts was a living hell or so he to had heard, however unless Lucifer himself ran the prison it wasn’t “exactly” like hell, what Susan had endured at the man’s hands, was miles closer. Jay wanted to even the score on the matter. More than even it, he wanted things right. Jay knew Reynolds had done his best to convince Peter to handle it; it seemed Peter was at least attempting to get the job done. Attempting and doing were two different animals. When Jay and Claire had arrived to Pete’s, Jay took to the bar as Claire met the crew at a table they had staked out before their arrival. “What’s the chance we can change one to the news?” Pete’s come on stare as he was cleaning a beer mug should have said it all but he followed it up “Ya kidding me right?” Pete apparently had money riding on the Giants, it wasn’t going to happen. “What’s the score?”, “14-7 Giants, Eli having a decent game”. Right sounded like Pete was trying to convince himself. “Where’s your money riding?”, “$100.00 on Giants giving 6 ½”, Pete said it with no conviction. Jay laughed but saw his opening “I’ll cut your lose by half if you give me ten minutes at half time?” Pete checked the score 14-10 Giants still had the lead but for how long and six and a half was looking pretty grim. Even thought half time was a good four minutes and sixteen seconds away a lifetime in the National Football League. Peter continued to mindlessly wash the beer mug appearing to mull it over. Then decided what the hell what’s ten minutes he wouldn’t miss any of the second half, and Eli just threw an interception. Pete tossed the rag over his shoulder and shook Jay’s hand “why not, ten minutes soon as the first half ends, not a second more”. Jay squeezed the big galoots hand. Pete put the beer mug away still looking almost about as dirty as before and began another. Jay meet Claire already busy making his crew’s eye’s bulge out of their sockets, she hardly came along, and tonight was a treat. “Two more weeks and she’ll be all set Jay” Jack wall all too pleased to make the announcement. “That’s great Jack, not a moment too soon” and Jay glanced at Claire as if to say sooner equals better. The guys hustled Claire to the pool table, though Jay knew for a fact she’d played in College she was the one hustling them, soon they’d get a free lesson in hustling. She was a pro. “So when this project of yours is finished up where does that leave Treble Construction?” Jack pulled a nice size drag off his beer. Redman finally had a home base for operation or nearly did, the links to the local PD thanks to Bob was already up and running. The basement was set to read and follow any and all whereabouts of child molesters, child pornographers, child abusers the lowest of low to walk the earth. The way Jay say it adults made their own beds, and he still had an obligation to full-fill he found he calling at Cedar Hill. He was young then took his lumps, but gained experience unfortunately. He wasn’t able to save them all there was just too much evil. Now as an adult with an array of opportunities at his disposal he was going to make it right. Might not save them all but if he could thin out the weeds and gather more to the cause he just might stand a chance. He knew it was a thin chance but he still owed it to the kids. His innocence was lost, but he vowed that would be the last. Felt like he was wasting time that time wasn’t moving fast enough for his small band of friends, but they were growing and connections were made and soon, very soon Redman would unleash himself. Ever since Jay had learned about the United Sanction, united for what purpose and Sanction, what were they sanctioning, it was an Area 51 top of the line secret organization that’s about all he knew at the moment and the fact that he had been forced to joining well not forced but the alternative was death so sure forced worked. Since Jay had these new abilities he decided while he had them to make them of some use. Since Jay was a child himself and lost said childhood when the fancy dressed man paid his last visit to his Dad’s house. 
At a young age Jay was eager to follow Dad into the mines, but Dad would ruffle his hair and tell him he was destined for bigger and better things every time he mentioned the mines. He had just done so that morning. “What’s the point I’ll be in the mines before you know it”. Jay had no wish to finish school. His Dad ruffled his hair as usual and picked him up and gave him a huge bear hug. “No way, plus I hire the guys, and you’re not qualified”. Jay’s protests of going to school fell on deaf ears, always did. School had been boring as usual his grades were good could have been better if he applied himself which he wasn’t planning on doing. All the way home he could have sworn he was being followed. Black Cadillac’s not uncommon to the neighborhood sat at each corner he took. He encountered one on each turn, all sitting there, all with drivers waiting, waiting for what. Jay quickened his pace toward home, he didn’t quite like the feeling in his gut, it egged him home had to get there, Dad would know what was going on. ---
“Jay? Earth the Jay?” Jack waved his hand in front of Jay’s face a few times. “Ya, no, just thinking about that myself”. Jay shook the memory out of his head. If it was only that easy. “And?” Jack needed a bit more, Jay smiled the only issue now facing Redman was wings, had to spread them far and wide. “How do you feel about traveling?”



Chapter 61

ALEX

The remaining security guards were closing in on the cafeteria as Alex was making his way to a certain cell. One last job and Alex could play outside. The mean guards who wouldn’t let him were going to be easy to persuade otherwise. A few prisoners wondered what the hell was going on while most took refuge in their own cells as Alex and his bizarre yellow eye’s came upon them. Sweiter was in his cell doing what he normally did on any day that ended in the letter “y”. At least the children in the photo’s stretched across his bed in a neat easy to view, reachable with one hand fashion, never had to go through what was in his sick head. Maybe he couldn’t reach them now, but his seven weeks plus time served was just about at its end, he would and could touch them. “Soon, so soon” Sweiter touched one of the photo’s caressing it. “Won’t be long now”. “Alex? What ya doing in my cell block?” Lydel owned the cell block and the white supremist group that ran it. The man was untouchable. Alex didn’t respond his yellow eyes staring straight at Sweiter’s cell door. “Boy! You don’t get invited to my block, you get cut”. Lydel cupped his sleeve he was a master at wielding a shive. Most people who crossed Lydel barely made it to the infirmary. “Father?” Alex looked around for the voice, Lydel stopped and grinned sheepishly his loyal crew began laughing, can’t have that now can we Lydel thought. “Fuck you call me?”, “Alex good job now get rid of Lydel then we will deal with Sweiter”. Alex slumped for a moment then his sagging head popped up, yellow gleaming eye’s now solely focused on Lydel. Lydel felt the switch of attention. “What’s with your eyes?” No response from Alex just two weird staring eyes’s looking back at him. “Not talking? won’t matter about a minute”. Lydel thrusted his hand forward right at Alex’s rib cage. Instead of feeling flesh rip in two, followed then by a simple twist of the wrist, break the shive off Lydel’s arm froze. For a moment Lydel felt nothing, then the pain neurons in his brain kicked in. His hand crushed, his fingers spasmed losing his make shift weapon. Alex wrenched the captured arm in a manner no arm has a right to bend. Bone’s continued to snap, then bone tore through skin, Lydel finally circumed to the physical pain and passed out. “Father?” Alex dropped what was left of Lydel’s arm. Sweiter had finished his daily cleansing when he heard the noise. Lydel screaming? That can’t be right who in their right mind Sweiter thought. Alex appeared blood filled hands at his cell’s entrance. “Alex? What’s wrong with your eyes? Alex?”



Chapter 62

JAY and CLAIRE

Jay made his way to the dilapidated but legal sized pool table. Pube had just missed sinking the eight ball and about seven striped balls remained covering each open space on the green felt. “Stripes I take it?” Claire smiled “just not my night I guess”, she gave Jay a wink. “10-1 odds Claire wins this” and Jay dropped a fifty dollar bill. He had no intentions of keeping their money just the free lesson. Pube hesitated then put his hand in front of Claire before she had a chance to take her shot. “Wait just a sec there Claire”. Pube looked Jay over, tried to figure if he was being hustled sure felt like it, the kid was sharp Jay could see the reluctance, however sharp the kid wasn’t bright or just thought it was his night. Pube dropped a wrinkled five dollar bill from his pocket. “That’s all Pube? We are talking 10-1 odds 10-1 when do you get those odds tell me?” Jay egged him on, take the bait kid it’s on your face. “Weller! Spot me a twenty”, Weller came over laughing at the table a little less then sober. “Twenty? For what?” Jack followed and stood behind Jay “what’s going on?” Jack whispered, out of the corner of his mouth Jay responded “just a little friendly wager”. Jack reached for his wallet and Jay stopped him. “Save your money Jack” Jay’s grin said it all. Jack was no mans fool, Pube on the other hand managed to scrape up sixty dollars. “I know your hustling me Claire, but it’s over sweet cheek’s” and waved his hand in a just look at the table suggestion. 
Jay unfolded the remaining bills to cover the bet, shot his drink down and used the shot glass as a paper weight holding the money from flying away, this wasn’t going to be pretty. “Lucky shot” Pube cried as the ball dropped. Six left, “cry off Pube?” Pubes answer was a single digit finger and a grin. Five left and Pube fidgeted, four and he placed both arms over lapping each other across his chest. Claire’s cell phone rang and she placed it to her ear. She squeezed it between her ear and her shoulder while lining up a shot. “Oh honey! How are you? Me? Just clowning a fool that’s all.” after a short pause she continued “You know what he called me?” she laughed as she sunk another ball, two remained. “Yes! Sweet cheeks can you believe the nerve of the guy?” Pube whose smile had faded to an “aw shit” look. She winked eight ball corner pocket “Oh no, not you darling” she dropped both with her cell phone still in her ear in one shot. “Okay I’ll meet you back at the table, got to stop off for a second”. She clicked off her cell phone as her hand glided over the money it swiftly disappeared into her mitts. Jay snapped his cell closed as he walked past Pube who still whose “aw shit” turned into a “what the hell just happened” look. Jay would have said told you so, but figured Pube got the message loud and clear. Claire sat grabbing a nacho-chip from the bowl in the center of their table. Pete’s didn’t offer a menu, but if you could fry it or dip it into there was a good chance Pete had it. “You know you’re giving that back right?” Jay laughed as her eyes widened in a mock-shock effect. “I should keep it for the show I gave him”. She made her eye’s bug out and droop her face imitating Pube staring down at her breasts. She threw a thumb in her shirt right between the girls and gave Jay a peek, by pulling her shirt down a smidge more. Jack happened to be passing by and nearly spilled his beer all over himself “Miss this place is a family friendly atmosphere, I’m sure Pete would appreciate it if”, “speak for yourself” Pete interrupted from behind the bar obviously along for the show. Pete gave Claire a beer mug salute with a wink and a smile. Claire laughed but never blushed, never cowed down, even her cheeks didn’t register the fact she should be embarrassed. Damn Jay thought how did he live life without her. “Jay!” Pete barked and waved him over as Jay stretched his neck up to catch it. Jay hurried over “fifty as promised”, Pete gruffed “gonna need it to”. Jay caught the half-time score 17-14 Dallas lead. Jay handed him a crisp bill. Peter lowered the volume and jumped the channel to the local News Station. A chorus of “Pete what the hell?” followed the program change. “Just ten minutes guys relax or take a hike”. It was cold out these guys were regulars and most of them too drunk to move, let alone find their cars, no one was going anywhere. Claire peeked over at Jay who was intent on the news, what’s with him she thought, sure she understood Jay’s perspective on the whole Sweiter matter, but Jay was taking this a step beyond personnel. “So you ready for next week?”, “ready for what Jack?”, Jacks face said it all, he had said too much, happened occasionally with Mr. Daniels, actually they were on first name basis tonight Jack, hah Jack they shared the same name, yep Jack thought drunk as a skunk. Jay was still glued to the television, just a moment ago he was laughing and having a great time, but now he was intense. “So what does one want for her birthday when she has the world on a string?” Jack tried to change the direction of the subject matter. She smiled, she possibility could get Jack to spill the beans on her gift, the very same one that had caused mischief in her daily happy life “Oh furs, diamonds you know the simple things”. 
It was like having two conversations at once, two very different ones. Keeping it light and fun with Jack and watching Jay at the bar that seemed anything but carefree. His shoulders seemed to be carrying a great deal of weight, but for what, what had him tied to that television like a lassoed calf at a rodeo she wondered. Jack followed her gaze “crazy stuff at Crocket huh?” even Jack seemed a bit too interested the situation. “I guess so” she was half listening “guess so, seven dead and all you got is guess so? Haven’t you been following this?” Dead? What had she missed? She’d managed a glance or two and got the gist, but deaths “whose?”, “so far seven guards, that’s all they’ve said so far.” Claire took a closer look at the television and mentally muted out the nearly packed bar, before she could put together what she knew and what she was witnessing Pube interrupted her attention. Sucking down his last beer of the night seeing how she still had the winnings from the one-sided pool game. He nudged her with his shoulder “so, I take it you can play” his half smile laddened with regret and admiration caused her to take pity. “Fifteen years to be exact”. She retrieved the money kept warm by the ladies and quietly tried to give it back to him. “Hell no Claire, I, well I deserved that”. She stared at him to say don’t be stupid kid. “Well, it’s yours if” she dangled the money “if?”, “your real name? Pube is so” Pube’s eye’s lowered “childish right?” he shrugged “been Pube for four years running now”. Her face contorted in a don’t want to know look. After a short pause staring at his feet “Alex, Alex Weller”, he almost felt ashamed saying it out loud. Pube was more male shovenist pig type of name, which fit him quite nicely. Alex seemed like a name for an actor in an after school program. “Alex? That’s much better”, suddenly Alex didn’t seem so bad of a name. She slid him the money, this time he reluctantly took it. She smiled “no hard feelings?” his smile broadened “feelings no…But” she punched him in the arm and shoved him away from her table laughing and shaking her head. 



Chapter 63

PETER

Yes Redman, I remember how I would forget Peter thought. He had lied to Mr. Watson had to, wasn’t the easiest thing to do, the man’s eye’s saw everything saw things that were impossible to see the thought chilled Peter. Mr. Watson’s eye’s a golden yellow haze over them similar to the look people hooked on drugs carried with them, nothing like the bright yellow of the rose. The rose, it was gone now, perhaps the last of the virus, the vase once important and vital to their program stood now empty hinted that the time was over. Alex was gone now taking the last of the virus with him. Soon Peter knew he would be to, he was no longer useful without the virus. How long did he have left and knowing he didn’t deserve anymore then he already had. Funny when he was young he was invisible but feared death, that’s where the edge came from, the “it” everyone wonders about. Fear it, concur it, own it. Death. Fearing it had put him on the fast track with the “family”. Peter thought faster, moved faster, killed faster, no one stood a chance against him, because of “it”. Before too long since those long time ago days in the “life” through all the gun fights, planned hits, and heists some that didn’t go as planned he’d walked away from each without a scratch on his perfectly kept hair. He even managed to evade prison until which time the “life” had no purpose. Still in his mid twenties he felt as if he was immune to it and perhaps concurred it. For years, countless battles, close calls but he never answered the final bell tones. Now nearing the end of his days, now of all time, he could own it. Hell he deserved it. It meant peach and tranquility perhaps that is. He’d read that every soul was a soul worth saving, did that mean every? Repent and ask god for his forgiveness that might be the hard part. He could repent a million “our fathers” but forgiveness for what? What he had done, were they sins in the eyes of the lord? Thy shall not steal? He’d stolen but it always seemed to have a reason. Someone welched on a debt owed to the family; he retrieved it by any means, such as someone’s car went missing after too many payments were missed. Is that stealing though? Peter wasn’t all together sure. Thy shall not kill? A man had the right to defend himself didn’t he? Had a right to protect what he owned and cherished. Again how sure could Peter be. He placed the bible back in its place, its proper place, when he heard the cough. Peter took off his reading glasses and slowly turned to visitor Joe looking pale and shaken to his soul. “What needed done was done” Joe looked about to hurl his lunch all over Peter’s cell. Peter nodded “very good” Peter noticed for the first time that his own voice had almost the same quality as Mr. Watson’s. Joe stood there at the cells entrance Peter sensed the “however” the unmistaken pause in the silence, the words trying to be rearranged to soften the impact, apparently the news wasn’t good. Peter knew bringing him bad news brought consequences, but times were rapidly changing. “His name hasn’t been” Joe swallowed “released… Watson”, “knows how to handle these matters”. Peter finished Joes’ sentenced no one could be second guessing Watson at this point in the program, now when the virus had just narrowly escaped less than an hour ago, especially not by Joe. Joe his first Lieutenant maybe, a friend, if the word held any meaning at all these days, but a nincompoop none-the-less. Peter waved Joe back toward where he had come from with the back of his hand. Watson? How did he know? The man wasn’t ignorant, but, no one knew his little secret he was sure of it. Somewhere deep down in his black soul Peter confided in himself, Watson knew somehow found out about the child. The child, his grandchild. He had to see her once and Redman played his best card, saved it for last. He recalled the final bit of conversation with Redman as Peter was shuffling back to his cell. “Susan, cute darling kid, orphaned by that thing.” Peter continued walking, had he heard correctly? “We expect to hear of our mutual friends passing, we are connected to the media Peter, we will have our answer.” A bluff Peter thought at first though put that to the side for the moment. Peter stopped “and?” he did not turn toward Redman. If he’d turn his eyes would betray him, too hard to conceal the outrage in them. His grandchild, orphaned, could only mean. “They do allow visits here”. Peter turned toward Redman at that moment. “I assure you it can be arranged”. Redman’s voice spoke with no false tone. Peter could recognize a lie moments before one would tell it verbally. The man was sincere, but could it be done? Doubt? Yes Peter had doubt; did he have the time for it? No. Peter stuck his right hand out and Redman’s left met his nearly simultaneously. “We’ll be watching Peter, we are always watching”. They shook once and released their grips.



Chapter 64

PETE’S BAR

Pete stood huge hulking mass of a man, watching the time clock app on his cell. “3, 2, 1 Happy New Year!” less then jubilantly. The television reverted back to the game. A commercial for Walters Mart having their near Christmas sale announcements. Jay had stopped watching but couldn’t seem to find his legs yet. The name he wanted had not posted not yet anyway. How many could there be left? He hadn’t asked for a massacre he just wanted things right. Right as they could be. Things seemed almost more wrong at the time. Jay had specifically asked for the man’s pain not his death. Their plans may have failed, but Jay doubted Peter would fail in this regard too much at stake. He caught Claire pushing Pube off their table and ambled over as he watched her laughing. He loved to watch her laugh, nothing like it and it melted some of his angst against his present mood. He forced his face to light a smile, it came out as a grin, and he felt the corners begin to bend. “Nice try” she knew him all too well. “We need to talk about this” her smile faded fast, “already did” he knowingly left out the rest of that sentence as in “all you will know for now”. He took a sip of his beer, Fosters, made Pete stock it. Pete’s was about the last bar that carried it these days which was fine by him wasn’t going anywhere. “I love this bar” began to play out on Pete’s jukebox. “So you say” she knew he was still hiding something and it wasn’t her present anymore. This was a different style of lying but a lie none-the-less if she had ever heard one. 
“I do say” he retorted, she imagined barred teeth as he said it, or had she only imagined it. What the hell was with him, she had to get to the bottom of these new lies, she loved him that much to do so, she also knew he wasn’t going to come clean. The present lies were hard enough to fight she had none left. A smile rose to her lips “fine” she said, he have heard that fine before and recognized the smile that accompanied it. This wasn’t over by a long shot. Had to play it really cautiously now, with everything fresh out of the box sort of speak, even more so now, not that he had not done so in the past but now she was getting closer to the truth. Hell it would be so much easier to come clean. He’d have to tell her someday, but someday wasn’t even close yet. He tried it out to see what it would sound like “I’m Redman, I am the one that set that massacre into action, bought the right people offered the right price, and oh by the way you want Chinese tonight? I’ll go get it from China be back in about half an hour, of course that is if there’s a line”. Ya that sounds really good real smooth like. If she didn’t lock him up in two seconds or leave him sooner, he’d eat… What? Baine’s dirty fedora. Baine, would have told the jerk the fedora didn’t match the cowboy trench coat or crossed Colt Revolvers, but the guy was a shitload of bad news. First he loses a comrade and couldn’t careless, wasn’t even in the battle where he should have been in the first place, he then accuses him of stealing the Yak piss or muccaducawhatta crap, that oh by the way makes you a… blur what other way could he describe it? Blur it was the only word that fit. The Baine tells him that he won’t train him because he isn’t the true champion whatever the hell that means, and Baine was going to meet someone or thing called the Board. Jay pictured a large black conference table with half dozen or so fat corporate types talking about Jay and his mucaduca yak piss. All Jay could do was smile. She was watching him, worrying he’d lost himself somewhere, but he came out smiling a genuine Jay smile. She wanted the truth and knowing a better venue for it, “fine” with approximately fifteen ns attached to it. She threw in an eye roll for his benefit. “Let’s have some fun”, she grabbed his arm and placed his beer on the table, then brought him to the dance floor. Okay no dance floor at Pete’s just a bigger spot between tables and began a slow dance with him. 



Chapter 65

JAY and BAINE

The rest of their evening was light with no further interruptions or signs of Baine a nice added bonus. The rain had held off, but as soon as they were on the highway back East, it began trickling, then light showers began, by the time the city was nearly out of sight it was blacked out by the down pour. “The city morns you’re leaving” she took a peek through the back window “I was going to say the same”. She pointed to herself “mine not yours, you don’t like the city and she doesn’t like you”. “First of all a city that size, that’s a he, you can name all your boats, yachts and private jets she’s, but that’s a he.” Claire began to protest “if it is a she for argument sake we shall agree to disagree tell her I got a woman”; he laced his fingers into hers. Claire defended the city as a she, what else could it be with all those shops and stores designed for…tada woman it’s a she. While his arguments revolved around crime rate, building size, typical hard working people, and size of population. “What’s with men and size, honestly, let me fill you in on a little secret if it was all about size”. He was going to act offended but she hadn’t set the punch line yet. “I mean if it was all that mattered you wouldn’t need to bring me there because I’d find me a nice big” she was going to add in a Dane sized man but held it back. He cut her off “Whoa wait a minute”. He tossed on his best Claire like voice “Oh Jay, you so much, too much Jay”. He watched her shrug “acting skills darling”. “Please what were you ever in?” How the hell did they even get on this conversation she had to change it and fast, she patted him on his thigh. “You are too much Jay”. Condescending sure, but he’d take it just the same. “So does he have a name?”, thumbing it back toward the city, “Yep Chuck”, “Chuck?”, “It’s Chuck full of people, chuck full of toxins, chuck full of buildings and if it’s still insight I’m going to” she cringed “don’t say it”, “up-chuck”. Though the rain had slowed them they still mad decent time, a little over two hours. The ride there, the ride back, shopping for hours a stop for lunch he was beat. He took a big deep breath through his nose “do you smell that?”, “what I don’t smell anything”, “that’s because you like breathing in that; it’s not even air it’s like the stuff that my old Dodge use to puff out the back end”. She shoved his back as he stretched and yawned. “Me too” and she yawned with him. “Catchy aren’t they?” He grabbed a Fosters and cracked one open, “want a glass of wine?” Claire opted to plop on the coach. He wondered sometimes if she ever took etiquette classes, pinky raising, nose in the air type classes. Heavy doubt and he was glad. He’d been raised in near poverty, with nothing a woman of that magnitude would consider dateable. He would never have fallen for a woman such as that either. “Claire? Wine?” maybe she’d zonked out on the coach it wasn’t a grueling day, just a long one. He was surprised to find her standing hovering over the television. Mouth opened, eye’s unblinking and fighting to not bite her nails a habit she was desperate to break. The signs were all there “Claire everything okay?” “Seven guards and seven prisoners all dead” Dead damn it, Peter deal was…no matter the deal was off now, rot in hell Sweiter right where you belong. “Croket remember? Murderers, rapists” he failed to mention child molesterers “top of the evolutionary ladder” the sarcasm laid on thick as possible. She kept starring “one escaped”. No he thought not Sweiter anyone but that human waste pile. He stood beside her but couldn’t follow the story that was flashing before him. “Did they show a picture? It wasn’t..” god no, so much work and effort wasted better yet all if it would back fire and blow up in his face “no not your friend” she was shaken, Jay hadn’t seen her so shaken since. Susan, but Susan was safe now, getting help good help. He knew she needed more than help she needed, she needed something Cedar Hill never gave, she needed, hell what she needed was Claire full time which meant him to. Was he ready? Would she? Only one way to find out. He took the remote and hit the red button. “Kind of watching that” playful annoyance, okay now what Jay thought? “I was thinking” he began buying as much time as he could, gently grabbed both her hands. Her eye’s danced “about Susan” she tried to read him but couldn’t, Susan? Why was Jay thinking about Susan she thought, oh Sweiter, Susan, Croket they went together. “Is that what this is all about? Sweiter?”, “I said Susan and” he was losing her. “She’s getting some good help Jay, she’ll be” fine? No, Okay? No, “whole” hardly anything more, unless she got out of that orphanage. A good one but still an orphanage. “How would you feel about adopting”, “Jay!” Was she happy? Angry? “Look I know she’s getting help and all and that orphanage is swell” swell? Did his father say that? “But she needs you Claire”; “She needs the both of us Jay”. She threw both her arms around his neck and kissed him with such passion he’d almost fallen backwards. When she finally released him “When? Today?” Sure it wasn’t all that late, but “there’s got to be a ton of paper work, forms to fill out” no way that was going to happen today “one more night”. How many times had he waited sitting there in hell waiting for one more night to happen? Maybe today was a better idea. He grabbed his phone out of his pocket. “Who?” she met his index finger. “Stephens” so formal attorney Stephens “its Jay look how fast can we have those papers and forms processed?” “What?” Claire was staggered. First she was sickened by what happened at Croket, then shaken by that mad man what was his name? Alex something or other on the loose, confused by Jay’s suggestion of adoption, now staggered, Jay had already planned this. He didn’t say what type of forms, he said those. Stephens would know and Jay slipped it. She had to sit down; no she had to stand up. She put her face in her hands and began to cry. She had spent so much time with Susan over the past year that her heart broke every time she’d leave her. She would have smuggled her through the door if she could have, but Jay wasn’t sure he was ready, why now, why all of a sudden. No why whenever he decided to prepare the papers and forms. How long ago?



Chapter 66

AMBER

Doc sure what taking his sweet ass time. It was seriously too early for him to be here, but maybe his wife caught on, kicked him out perish the thought. The thought had crossed her mind a few times. She got tired of waiting and peeked through the bathroom door. He wasn’t on the coach where she’d expected him to be. “Doc?” she whispered on the off chance he might hear her, she wasn’t exactly in the mood anyway. Maybe he was drunk and passed out, wouldn’t be the first time. She could only hope. The lights were all still on as she had left them before she went to the shower, the stereo still on, running no music. She changed its status and put in Garth Brooks. One of Doc’s favorites, she never understood country music’s popularity. When she found the volume she wanted she brought herself to the kitchen, no Doc there either. She figured the bedroom was where he was camped out, probably naked in all his wrinkled gray haired glory. She was just buying time. At least it was warm under those covers she thought as her bare feet pitter pattered to the bedroom. She left the light off in her bedroom as she entered and passed the light switch. “Hey, Doc” her voice barely above a whisper, she pulled a condom from her dresser he never did just show up and hang. What would they even talk about? She loosened her robe and let it slink to the floor. The silk did more to her erotic nature then Doc’s touch and felt goose bumps on her ass pop. She slid under the covers “Doc?” There was no Doc. There was just her all naked and goose bumpily. He wasn’t in the entertainment room, or the kitchen or the bathroom; she was here alone in her bedroom, in the apartment. Couldn’t be she wasn’t alone she heard something, a loud something. Her heart began to race. What to do? Stay here? Get up and check out the apartment again? Finally she decided to wait, just listen. Garth Brooks playing softly but nothing else, she watched the red LED numbers on her digital alarm clock blink off five minutes. Nothing but Garth. Okay now what? Her work clothes were neatly set aside on top of her dresser; she slid out from under the covers and quickly got into them. She scanned the room for a weapon and settled on a candle stick holder. She felt its weight. She had been in one fist fight her whole life she was heavy with doubt she could do much damage against any attacker. Great now she had to pee on top of it all. She gathered all her courage and exited the bedroom. With the lights still on she made a quick survey of all the rooms. She spotted the phone. She quickly grabbed it and punched in Security’s number. Ha, security Daren was about fifty seven years old, arthritis in every bone and thick glasses. “Yellow?” Daren’s version of hello a tired sounding Daren answered. “Daren, this is Amber, did you buzz anyone up here?” her pounding heart was in her throat anticipating the answer. “Amber? No, all quite here”, “Oh, you’re sure?” something about a short pause in Daren’s answer made her not quite believe him. “Maybe someone got in?”, “You need me to do a walk through?” just what she needed, Daren up here going through her panties draw and closets. “That’s alright, long as your sure”, “I’m sure as rain”, “Alright then good night”. She hung up the phone, odd then what was that noise? She thought. She would have loved to catch a few more winks but morning was here and with her nerves on end there was no way she was getting back to sleep. “Damn!” she thought forgot the g-string, oh yeah still got the candle holder. She looked at it. Maybe Dad was right, a few years back he’d begged her to get some mace. What a night, first the dream, then a weird noise and she entered her room and now this. There was no way she had made the bed in the bizarre morning and square in the middle of it a bronze necklace, with some sort of emerald in the center of it. She fought her recollection of the morning maybe she had made the bed, maybe. Still even if some bizarre reason she did how did that explain the necklace? It certainly wasn’t hers, not her style. A gift from Doc? He always did make the bed before he left some weird obsession with it. Okay Daren lied, buzzed Doc up, he’s feeling generous and leaves a gift? Not really in character with Doc. Usually she got gifts for “going that extra mile” he hadn’t even touched her tonight. Really what other way was there to explain the made bed or necklace? There is another explanation and he watched the morning’s delightful turn of events, praying, praying she’d put the necklace on. 



Chapter 67

THE BOARD

The seven of them were gathered on the black marble table the air in conference room A stale and suffocating. There were things to discuss, matters to handle. Clark one of their finest facilitators was dead. None of them spoke, but moved silently through their duties. Each bore a brief case and in unison brought them top side and opened them. Still the stagnant silence was yet to be broken, not by a mere cough or simple chair shifted, if one stood on the outside of the huge guarded doors one would think the room was void of life. In essence it was. The seven were far removed from human status or rather human related issues no longer applied to them. Like the virus, the seven are singular in its purpose, unlike the gunk for their singularity lies within judgment. They are judge and jury and their word is law among those who reside inside the walls of Fifty One. There is no appeal process, no higher authority to run to when all fails in your defense. They are cruel, decisive and without sympathy. Legends inside the walls have it that the seven are Quintuplets born eons ago inside the walls before the time of the board. This would make Seven its founding fathers. The Seven are said to have been born from two world class Facilitators which were later Canned by the very children they brought into the world. Cruel, singular and without mercy for no one. Baine sat outside those guarded doors. When he returned to Fifty One following Clarks demise they banned him from leaving the gated community. Now they called upon him to answer for Clark’s death. Baine’s patience or lack thereof weighed heavily on his soul, his arrogance in full throttle. There will be no Canning Baine, followed Seven’s word of the law, word for word, Baine thought convincing himself, facts are facts and Seven only dealt with facts. The halls that lead to conference room A, white walls, white floors immense lighting it resembled any hallway in a hospital. The polished floors saw little foot traffic. If you had no business near conference room A you didn’t go near it. No one paid Seven a social call. Inside Seven were ready, facts laid out on the table undeniable facts. A Facilitator came back alone; punishment of the severest kind was in order. One of Seven nodded his head. Though none was great then the whole, one missing of the Seven would render them useless and the breakdown of their system would ensue. The guards came to attention by some unseen provocation and called Baine to stand. The great doors came open and Baine was ushered in. He would have his say in his defense. This was all a huge waste of time Baine thought, could be working on another project, and could be bettering mankind as they speak. He was the one that muddled through A.I.D’s a brilliant deviant disease was hardly a match for his genius. He was an intrugle part of the team that concurred cancer, though two incredible projects achieved Baine knew he was one of many in other words expendable. The huge doors closed him in. The bright lit hallway gave way to a large dark marble conference table surrounded by Seven. They were similarly dressed in formal attire, there were never seen in anything less, as much as they were seen outside of their living quarters and that was hardly ever. Baine did not respect Seven as he should, as everyone else seemed to, basically out of fear. Baine had warned them of the virus pleaded with them to stop the research. Baine could count on two fingers how many times he pleaded with anyone. He showed them his research showed them the paths the virus was sure to take, still they ignored him. It was almost as if Seven had wanted this plague bestowed upon the human race, which they were sworn to protect. Even Seven had sworn the oath; no one was above the oath, not even them. “We will hear you defense of breaking rule 17-B paragraph 5”, they spoke as one, their volume seemed to compliment the silence rather than break it. Baine would have to expend a great deal of effort to continue that trend. 



Chapter 68

AMBER

She stared at the necklace for what seemed like forever. It gave off a familiar quality she couldn’t quite place. Had she seen it in a jewelry store perhaps Anthony’s? She couldn’t recall eyeing it and seemed rather taunty for Anthony’s. Her alarm sounded as she jumped, her nerves were shot she couldn’t figure how she would make it through the day. She tore herself away from the necklace for the time being and went to the kitchen. Coffee she needed coffee in a bad way. Though away from the necklace it stayed constantly on her mind. She grabbed the coffee container and poured three scoops into the coffee maker. She wondered if Folgers was going to do it or would she have to stop at Star Bucks on the way to work? The necklace? She couldn’t get it out of her mind, should she wear it to work? If she didn’t would Doc be offended? She didn’t want to encourage his taste, but more damage would be done to his pride then it was worth. She’d wear it, it actually would match her outfit perfectly in fact, had he seen her clothes set aside? She would have to discuss the matter of sneaking in, other than that everything should be back to status quo. She took her coffee and filled her travel mug opting to forgo Star Bucks. She checked her watch, no use standing around she thought, why not get an early jump on the day. She headed for the door grabbed her keys from the small change bowl she kept there. The necklace almost forgot, she thought and changed directions toward the bedroom. 



Chapter 69

BAINE and AMBER

The good thing about being an experienced Facilitator was once you mastered “the blurr” what a ridiculous description of what the mucduc’s true nature could do for a person. At present his skill set allowed him to become a mere ghost. Unfortunately not fully, you were still transparent but you’d have to be standing at the exact spot and have great lighting working in your favor. Too bright and it would white Baine from existence, too dark and he’s just a figment of your imagination. None of those things Amber had at her disposal. Her room was dark; he took the bulbs out to make sure it would stay that way. He was deep in the right hand corner of her bedroom when she appeared looking for some Doctor. Baine nearly lost control of his temper, she was bedding a doctor. No worries Baine once she places that necklace around her neck she’d remember, and then it would begin. Just how long it would take was subject to many variables. Least of Baines worries were Ambers will and his ability to divert it to where he wanted it to go. Baine knew when she woke up startled and bewildered that his subliminal story telling ability had done what it was meant to do. She had the dream; Baine coaxed it out of its hibernation of a thousand year slumber. She would wear the amulet then she would remember. Then the high priestess would be his. He was the all powerful one now and she be at his mercy. A thousand year grudge was about to come to fruition he could almost taste its bitter sweetness. Baine smiled as he watched Amber climb into the empty bed naked, perhaps he’d have some fun with her first. The priestess would remember the kiss of the boy, but knew he was a man and men they had other urges to full-fill. 



Chapter 70

JAY and JACK

Starks lawn care was putting on the finishing touches of the grounds to Claire’s new orphanage, her present to both her and himself. He’d save as many as he could. He knew life at an orphanage no matter how well organized, prestige and happy was still bottom line an orphanage. Jay knew it would be a hundred fold better then Cedar Hill, hell itself was tenfold, but it still wasn’t enough. Jay was driven by an unforgotten vow that he’d see no more children abused, molested or beaten. He’d seen far too much of it at Cedar Hill, received too much as well. Only the few remaining to see the good side of life knew the real Jay. 
He remembered one incident in particular; an eight year old boy had spilled a glass of water on the dining table. Luckily no one had noticed, but so frightened was the boy, his name? what was his name? Alex, that’s right Alex, that he’d wet himself. Jay was a few years older ten or eleven and with precious little time to spare Jay told him to change clothes with him, piss stains and all. “Forget the shirt, there’s no time”. Jay had just finished zipping his trousers when Gamble caught wise. Jay didn’t even have the time to plead his case Mr. Gamble’s right hand came crashing down across his face. With all the attention on Jay, Alex was able to clean up the mess. Jay could taste blood as a trickle of it found its way to his bottom lip. That only made matters worse.
“It really is going to turn out fantastically Jay”, Jack poured two cups of coffee and followed Jay’s thoughts. Jay was lost in one and Jack having spent time at Cedar knew where Jay’s mind had wondered. “We are going to give it our best shot Jay”, Jack handed a coffee mug to Jay, the one with half a pound of sugar in it. Jay took a sip “will it be enough?” the question was rhetorical. “Don’t go beating yourself up just yet, we’ve only just begun”. Jack could see that Jay would never see his project to the end, too much weight will crush a man no matter how strong bodied or how strong the mind. Jack would bare the cross of helping Jay to that end, because though Jay had only just created Redman, he’d been living it for a decade or two already. There would be no stopping Jay. Perhaps Claire, Robert, Dane and himself along with his crew would delay that end for as long as possible, perhaps and wishful thinking, a wish none-the-less they could avoid it altogether and see Redman retire. “Too brighter happier days” Jay raised his coffee mug Jay raised his “good toast”. “So what Redman, junior memory had you lost?’ Jay paused took a sip. “Alex, he was about eight I think”, “you got two weeks in the pit”. If hell had a basement it was the pit. Four walls and no ceiling a pit. No bed, no toilet barely enough food to eat which was a god send because anymore of it and you’d have it coming out both ends. “Learn to forget Jay, forget it all, the memories do you no good”. Starks truck rolled past the trailers view window, done for the day. “Lazy bastards, still have three hours of day light”. The feud between the companies had preceded Jay and Jay hadn’t gotten to the bottom of it just yet. Jay would try to forget Cedar Hill if only it was that simple. “So this other Alex, is he Redman’s problem?” Jack sat back down at his desk and squeaky chair. Jay had offered to buy a more modern economical one but to Jack there was nothing like a chair that molded specifically to your ass and declined. “I gather you refer to the psychopath who raped and mutilated his victims” adult victims. Perhaps in time Redman could branch out in other directions, but it would spread his forces thin right now. “He is out because of Redman’s actions, a rapist, and a mutilator”, Jack wasn’t keen on the idea of leaving the guy loose. Jay was going to decline the pursuit, this Alex was the police’s problem, but Jack hit it square on the head. Redman inadvertently as it may have been caused this man to run free had to feel some obligations on the matter. “Dangerous, dangerous man, at least fourteen dead, that’s not even counting the people he killed to get sent there in the first place”. “Good thing you can blur”. Yes he could and Redman was running fine at the moment. Stephens was wrapping up Koonu, a long fought legal battle with its outcome still very much up for grabs, either way however Redman would equal the score. Susan was safe and being loved, she’d only been with them for two days, too soon for miracles. Sweiter was dead or probably dead, the worst he was only beaten within inches of that death, as far as Redman was concerned though the matter remained unresolved, but the fact remained either way he was still at Crocket. Though nothing was perfect far from it, what was a side job a onetime only situation? He’d check with Bob for any leads they had, follow up and hope to get lucky it wasn’t like he was a detective or a blood hound. “Seems the right thing to do, wouldn’t you think?” Jay was full of rhetorical questions. “I’ll check with Bob they are still trying to sort the mess out, get a lead on the guy, see what I can do”, “what we can do, never forget Jay we are in this together”. 



Chapter 71

BOB and JAY

The next morning Jay would do just that. Having Susan at the house sure changed things, but for the better. Claire’s noisy pancakes took on a whole new meaning. Instead of them declaring Claire’s sour mood, they seemed to brighten Susan’s eyes. She never had noisy pancakes before. “What makes them so noisy?” Susan stared down at her plate directing her question to Claire who she seemed to warm up almost immediately, warming up to Jay would take some time, but who could blame her. “It’s not the pancakes, it’s how Claire eats them, very noisy” Jay answered her Susan’s eye’s seem to bear down harder on the pancakes as if she was hiding in them. Claire flipped a few more onto the already over filled plate. “Jay thinks I’m really funny when I do that” Claire added. “Hilarious actually” Jay kissed Claire on the cheek, times sure had changed fast at the Sutton residence, but it felt more like a home now more than ever. Jay wanted to do the same with Susan, a peck on the cheek and ruffle her hair, but it was way too soon for that. Claire had warned him Susan may take years to fully acclimate herself to him. Jay was fine with it. He’d wait. “Well you two have a wonderful day” Jay said cheerfully. “Where are you off to this morning?” The fights over the cloak and dagger present were over “finishing touches one more week”. Claire kissed him back on the cheek. Claire sat at the table with Susan and winked at her “watch” Claire whispered. Claire stuck her fork into a pancake and shoveled it in her mouth chomping as loudly as she could. Jay put his hands over his ears in mock agony. “Oh wonderfully hilarious” Susan giggled at his reaction. He so would have loved to pick her up and twirl her around in a wide circle; her giggle was almost as delightful as Claire’s, what a pair the two of them made. Jay smiled and left not for the construction site, but for Bob. They met at their usual table at Joe’s dinner, the smell of burnt cheese and horrible coffee still thick in the air. “Your late” Bob had come to grips with Claire’s choice in husband, but that didn’t mean he had to like it. Bob was already into his third coffee; his half eaten omelet was pushed to the side, his napkin rested on top. “Why didn’t you blur here? Would have saved me some time” Bob’s voice barely above a whisper. “Tell me what you have I’m doing you the favor her”. Jay was learning slowly not to let Bob push him too far, he was still Claire’s brother so he still had to bite his tongue more then he would like to. “Look it’s not the easiest thing to pull off, plus I’m not that sold on it not having any side effects”. Bob slid a 10x12 photograph of Alex at Jay. “When?” Jay couldn’t help a sinking feeling in his gut that the guy in the photo was someone he knew or a relative of, there was similarities. “What?” Bob leaned forward “you don’t look so good Jay”, “when was this taken?” Jay couldn’t keep his eyes off the photograph, where have I seen this guy before? Why does he look familiar? “August of last year about nine months ago give or take”. The waitress came by, a young blonde thing that did the skirt justice. “I see you friend finally made it”. Apparently she was new to the dinner; no one confused Jay and Bob for friends. Jay ordered his coffee. As the waitress left their table he shook his head “What background can you give me?” Jay slipped the photo into the manila folder Bob brought along. “You want the kid’s life story or the fact he massacred fourteen people on his way to clean air?” Fourteen seemed to be it, no new names for day were released by the media and Sweiter wasn’t among them, but surely they would have reported any non-fatal injuries as well as the fatal ones. “Stuff like weapon skills, any military service time? Did he serve in the mail room go nuts ripping up porno mags, or X-Navy seal who could kill me with a navy issued pen?” The waitress came back with coffee pot in hand and refilled Jay’s and Bob’s cups giving Bob a smile as she left. “Not much to go on, his mom was a prostitute; his dad went missing raised by some drunken crack induced step father. A few too many domestic violence calls to their address”. “Kid never stood a chance I take it” Jay almost felt something close to pity for the kid, but not enough to let him stay free. “He got fed up being beaten on a regular daily basis and step dad took a Louisville slugger to the back of the head, same with mom”. So much for pity Jay thought. “That’s when you guys got him?” Jay wasn’t sure why but now he wanted the whole story. “Not even close, after getting a tip from the neighborhood pimp about a dead hooker pointing the finger at Alex we had a starting point” Jay kept adding sugar to his coffee. “We then circulated his picture and we got a hit pretty quickly as far as these things go, a taxi driver dropped him off down by Colby College. A college Jay remembered now a bunch of horrific murders happened around that time frame had to have been this Alex. “You probably caught the news seven raped and murdered, limbs cut off and every one of them their eye’s gauged out, which is no surprise”. Jay called the waitress over and ordered the waffles, bacon and eggs combo meal. Jay sensed the story had only just begun. Jay wasn’t sure he was hungry anymore; he remembered the photographs the media was allowed to show. Bob saw it on Jay’s face “should have seen the unpublished photo’s, unlike anything I’ve seen in years”. Bob proceeded to fully describe some of the more graphic one’s. Jay felt bile coming up through his throat and chocked down some coffee to mask it. Tried to hide his discomfort from a well trained experienced police officer, might as well been trying to light a match under water. “Right and you’re going after him?” Bob rolled his eyes and leaned back. “The guy is a bonefide nightmare. Seven guards out cold, bone’s broken, they hit him repeatedly with tassers it was as if the guy was on heroin” Jay had thought about that. He wasn’t going unarmed and he wasn’t wasting his time with tassers. Jay’s face lit with a grin “I’ve got the blur thing”, Bob shook his head “an unproven ability have you used it since the Knight incident?” Jay had and was getting more comfortable with it as much as one could. Baine was true to his word he would not train him with its use. “Bastard won’t train me”; “you didn’t answer my question”. Jay wondered why it mattered so much to Bob. Jay shook his head “no not since Knight” he wasn’t sure why he down played it; perhaps it was Bob’s eagerness at his answer. “Me? I wouldn’t either, hell I’d try to get rid of it if I could”. Why the interest Bob, Jay thought. “Working on it” Jay paused briefly “or at least Baine is” now for show and tell time Bob “said he was going to the Board” Bob’s reaction was quick and well hidden. A quick short breath inaudible for the most part, his hands wrapped around the coffee mug and the fast look down. He knew. Bob knew more then he let on, what had Baine told him? Was Bob this so called Champion of Baine’s? The true Champion. “Board of what?” Nice try Jay thought but played it clueless anyway “no idea, don’t care as long as they get it out” which Jay had no intentions of giving it back, not just yet anyway. “Smartest thing I’ve heard come out of your mouth yet”. Thanks for the glowing remarks Jay thought. It was hard to believe Bob and Claire were brother and sister let alone related. The breakfast stampede of the morning had thinned, only a few older gentlemen remained in a booth by the front door. “Back to the subject matter, which way did this guy go?” Jay taped his pointer finger on top of Bob’s folder. “East, North East, to be exact, he didn’t seem to care so much to hide the fact he was heading in any particular direction, basically dared us to follow him”. Jay’s food arrived and the waitress re-filled his coffee mug. Bob stood and headed for a bathroom break, the waitress stopped him a few steps before he entered. Jay busied himself by finishing his waffles as he sees the all too common slip of a phone number and Bob entered the bathroom. As Jay dipped his fork into the syrup he felt the cold whoosh of wind, the antique bell above the door chimed seconds later. Only one person could move that fast. Jay lost his appetite. The two older gentlemen didn’t seem to notice the entrance of an oddly dressed Middle Eastern looking fella. Jay dropped his fork onto his plate. “I was kind of hungry to” after a short pause “what do you want Baine?” Baine wrapped his fingers on the table and drew a large headed match “they don’t allow that in public places these days” Baine returned the match to an inside pocket on his trench. “Times are funny” he chuckled with less humor then a baby seal being clubbed to death. “I know why you are here” Baine continued, he didn’t seem to know what to do with his hands and Jay watched him begin his annoying drumming on the table again. “Forget about Alex, he’s not your concern”. Baine was right sort of, the police had a good lead; it’ll only be a matter of time before Alex was behind bars where he belonged. Jay knew Baine hadn’t come to him just to tell him that. “Well seeing how I have some sort of ability to help out, I figured put on a mask and an orange cape and help them out” Jay knew it would gnaw at Baines nerves to trivialize the situation. The finger drumming stopped its insane tune of Walk like an Egyptian really that’s what it sounded like, hard to not catch the tune. Baine’s voice showed no signs of distress however. “Fool you know you’re not immune to anything, such as pain and death”. Jay so wanted to reach across the table rip the Fedora off his head and shove it up his ass. “You know the Fedora looks stupid with the raw hide trench right?” Pick, pick, pick at the scab and watch it bleed; bleed Baine bleed out your condescending arrogance. Baine reached for the knife sitting across Jay’s plate, Jay matched his speed, their two hands fumbled, gripped and lost the knife but it never hit the table. Finally experience won out, Baine had Jay’s right hand in his and the knife in his left. Baine touched the knife to Jay’s palm, a trickle of blood formed. “You still bleed Jay; all you have is a magic trick which you are a novice at performing”. Biane released Jay’s hand and shoved it back to him. Jay squeezed his palm into a fist; just a scratch barely broke the skin. “What’s this Alex to you anyway?” Baine’s voice still strong without waver. “Business” Jay couldn’t control all his emotion; anger spilled a small drop into their conversation. Baine’s arrogance showed in his lifeless chuckle. “Personal, more like it”, “what business is worth doing unless it is”. Jay’s answer caught Baine slightly off guard that was one hell of an answer Baine had used the same arguing with Clark. “However the matter is closed, you have no idea what Alex is capable of”. Lots of interest for an everyday run of the mill psycho killer. “Was just finding that out when Rico Sueve went to the bathroom and the nice visit from you, why are you even here?” wasn’t like there was another one of those things hanging around, it was a one of a kind and it was gone dead crazy promises and all. Baine’s presence said otherwise insight snapped into place. “He’s one of them isn’t he, this Alex he’s a…” Jay didn’t want to say it or believe it, but it was true Alex had accepted the viruses bargain. “It’s not a virus is it?” Baine struck his match off his thumb and lit his habit. “Oh it’s a virus alright” Baine said from the corner of his mouth, oozing the sweet smell that came from the stick hanging from it, “A virus that sings? I swear I read about that in last month’s issue of National Geographic”. The door to the men’s room pushed open, the whoosh of retreating air, Baine was gone.



Chapter 72

AMBER

Her BMW the 1998 version was still in great shape but outdated. Eventually she would be able to upgrade it herself. Years of working for Doc and his exuberant pay check would see to that. She wanted the frills, the bells and whistles which her current ride lacked. She deserved a far better ride, a far better life. On the outside it appeared she had it all. Top caliber apartment, nice ride, screwing a doctor, who wouldn’t want her life? That was easy to answer, her. She felt used, unappreciated more or less a prostitute, who was she kidding she was a prostitute. Her parents would roll over in their graves, especially her father. Her mother would have rejoiced in the fact that she was the attraction of a doctor’s affection. Her father on the other hand had wanted more for his daughter, had great expectations. “Keep up the grades, hit college running, exceed in every aspect of life” he always was telling her, “sorry dad”. She felt something wet hit her cheek, she checked the vanity mirror, and a tear ran her mascara. She grabbed a tissue from the middle conceal and dabbed at it away as carefully as possible. As she did this she missed the yellow light turning red, a solid red, not amber. She was lucky no one had side swiped her, however that’s where her luck had run out. “Shit!” the cruiser pulled out right behind her, lights flashing. She pulled to the side of the road. Could her day get any worse, she thought as the office exited his vehicle. She put on her best doe like eye’s and hit the down button on her window. “License and registration” most of the time the cops took one look at her and forgot why they had pulled her over in the first place. When she gave him the doe eye’s it was her pulse that quickened, as she fumbled around for her purse. In her haste she plunked the necklace that she had sitting on the passenger seat to the floor mat. She hadn’t put it on yet, it was sort of gawdy and she couldn’t put a finger on it, but it frightened her to a small degree. I mean who fears of a piece of jewelry ugly or not. She planned to put it on as she entered the hospital and take it back off as soon as she left work. The officers badge read #106, officer Mckinley, six foot something, broad shoulders, nice blue eyes, strong manly hands. Outside the fact he was in the process of pulling her over, she was interested. Maybe it was true men in uniform do have that extra sex appeal because the only thing on her mind was going the extra mile to get out of the ticket. Yep I’m a whore, no doubt about it. “Mama? “Oh yes sorry officer McKinley right away”. Get it together Amber, you not going to blow him to get out of this ticket, she thought as she handed him her license. Add that to the fact that he didn’t seem the slightest bit interested in her, must be, oh all the luck in the world I get pulled over by the only gay police officer in the city. “I’ll be right back” he said dryly. He proceeded to check her back license plate. “Yes I got her” McKinley used his cell phone, “no” after whatever question that answered and another being asked “She’s not wearing it”. Officer McKinley returned to the driver. “You know you ran a red light back there?”, “yes officer McKinley a bit of a hurry should have known better”. He glanced at her trying to not make it obvious, she was a knock out, freaking Baine lucky bastard he thought. He felt like giving her the ticket anyway, just to spite him. “Look I normally don’t do this, but I’m going to let you off with a warning”. She smiled and when she did it made her even more gorgeous, maybe he should have let her beg to get off this easy, that would have made his day. “Fucking ethics” he whispered and gave her a warning slip. “Thank you officer McKinley, I’ll be more careful”. He lingered at her window; a natural window of opportunity wouldn’t present itself, so he improvised. He stepped away from her window but quickly faked in “roger that” he spoke into his silent radio on his shoulder. She started her car, “Ms, one second please” he looked around, “mind stepping out of your car for a moment”. She looked at her interior clock 7:30 she was already late, but what the hell maybe he’ll frisk me, she thought hopefully. “Sure, mind if I ask why?” she turned the car off and he escorted her curb side “rash of stolen vehicles and this one fit’s a description” pretty good story for such short notice. “I assure you its mine”, “just the same mama”, “Amber”, he smiled “fine Amber, I still have to run the VIN number”. She smiled back, okay not gay, she thought but then she must have not been looking as hot as she thought or he was married that would explain it. He opened the passenger side door and looked as if he was writing down the VIN number and there it was the necklace. He had heard of it, but never had been this close to it. He lifted it with his pen, if legend was fact he wasn’t about to touch it. “This yours?” she was on her cell phone but quickly cut the conversation short “yes, why?” he held it up high as if seeing how it would look around her neck. “Would look great on you, bring out the color of your eye’s” ha, ya it would he thought. “Really, you think so?” her nose crinkled in disagreement. “absolutely” he handed her the necklace. “Does your wife wear this style; I’m not even sure what store carries it”. None, it’s one of a kind kid just put it on he thought. “No, not married”, she looked as if she was about to dance around and decided to put the necklace on. Screw you Baine he thought and he approached her “really does bring out your eyes. I don’t do this, at all, and I’ll probably get fired, but I have to ask”, she was just too good to pass up on. “Drinks?” she finished his question, he gave her a sheepish grin “suppose that would work”. She began to write down her number “got it” and he placed his hand on hers to stop her, her soft smooth delicate tan skin. “Oh right” she laughed. “I’ll call you after my shift, when do you get off?” she barely caught herself from blurting out, as soon as your shift ends, instead “home by 5:30”. Did she just blush? He mentally made a note cancel all other plans they were just replaced. “Well have a nice day Amber and please, remember red means stop”. 



Chapter 73

KNIGHT TIME

Under normal circumstances a pup like Trevor would get a bullet to the back of the head and dumped in a nearby alley way, unfortunately circumstances were far from normal. Tommy’s Garage or so the sign posted outside says, had long been in Knights possession, served as head quarters for the streets he ran. Central location, plenty of escape routes and clear view of the streets through the huge bay windows, who could ask for more. Tommy’s once did serve as a chop shop, abandoned car parts rested and rusted in its corners. The smell of years old engine oil perforated the air; two car lifts were great places to stash the drugs and other contraband if some cop got a sniff of his operation. For added effect Knight taught a few of his crew members all he knew about cars and had two Junkers to put on the lifts if they needed the effect, they’d look legitimate. Presently Knights concern was not cars it was the crazy cracker man who got a cop off his street and saved Trevors ass from a long stint in the county jail. Knight was still looking at the blank card this cracker dropped at Trevors face, a blank card, trying to piece it all together with no luck. “#209 boss, got it!” Marcus ran to Knights side with the good news, “it belongs to”, “no one, it’s a fake, damn it! What the hell is going on here?” Marcus look of confusion filled his face “says…”, “fuck what it says they don’t go past #106”. Knights only lead on the cop was a dead end. Certainly the cop and cracker man were a team, find one find the other. “That was a cruiser Knight, no doubt”. Knight pulled his gold plated 9mm and pointed it at Marcus, sideways gangster as gangster could be. Marcus backed up raised his palms in surrender, the fear of god in his eyes. “Should shoot you both god damn it”. He should have, but there was work to be done, Knight needed to circle the wagon not thin the heard. “I’ve seen enough shields it was real Knight, fuck it was” Marcus was right, he’d seen enough to know a bogus one on the spot, Knight lowered his weapon. “Still doesn’t explain shit, someone tell me something useful”. About fifteen crew members suddenly became mute. Knights gold still not put away gave them reason to keep their mouths shut. “Stanley, Curtis, Johnson, Albany, my office the rest of you” Knight waved his gun aimlessly and ran out of speed “go make me some god damn money” they couldn’t move fast enough. “Hang!” they all stopped “anyone of you dumb fucks see either of our boys call it in” they stood waiting for more “get on it”. It took five seconds and the place was cleared saved for Stanley, Curtis, Johnson and Albany street name heads of operations, the brightest of the bunch and enough street cred to get things done. Knights office over looked the whole garage, one big window made up the North side wall, a Sports Illustrated Swim Suit calendar settled on October 1997, hung on the South side. The air smelled of old paper, mildew and wasted effort. Each member dropped their 9mm on the desk, Knights of the round table style, each pointing to the center. That served two purposes. One no one was armed, who could trust you trust in this racket, two it just plain old had style. It was difficult to see what was going on especially through his ski goggles, the black ski mask made it hard to breath, all purchased about an hour ago at Walters Mart for twenty five fifty. Jay watched as about two dozen of Knights men, who for the most part looked no older then fifteen years old flee the garage. Could have sworn there was more Jay thought, he wanted Knight alone it would be easier to keep it non-confrontational. There would be a time for bloodshed but it wasn’t today. Jay’s duffle bag was ready; he’d checked it five times and counting. Fifty thousand in cash, two smoke grenades for a quick getaway, one Desert Eagle, if you had to kill someone why leave it to chance, one slug from an Eagle you weren’t rushed to anywhere but the morgue. Jay checked his watch as the last of the exiting crew vanished to parts unknown. Couldn’t be more than five left her thought. “Yo what are you doing?” Jay jumped he’d been spotted, but no he watched as two teens gave out gang signs and hugged it out. He looked down at his trembling hands this wasn’t the blur, this was something altogether different. Sure he was startled but had come down from the scare already so why were his hands trembling so badly. No wait not just his hands, his feet, legs arms, Jay took inventory. His whole body was trembling, the blur felt more like a vibration sensation, this was, this was something else. He caught his reflection off the cars side mirrors or the lack there of, he wasn’t there. He positioned himself for a better look, tried different angles, he was a ghost. No side affects my ass. One way to find out for sure just how invisible he was at the moment. The two teens started drinking a 40 ounce of Coors, they didn’t try to hide the fact they were both packing heat. Jay was packing to, if things went wrong he could blur, or if the blur failed him, he had the Eagle and 9mm. He stood from his crouching position the thugs were three feet away from his current location, nothing yet. No signs of being seen. He flattened his jacket, checked the pockets, fifty thousand still there, 9mm in the other. Jay took it to two feet, then stopped an empty beer can laid harmless at his feet and kicked it toward the kids, Christ they were just kids. The teens jumped and drew their weapons. “You hear dat?” the older one shoved him “shit I’m right here aint I?” They both scanned the area in all directions including the one that put Jay in their sites, but saw nothing. “Probably just a dog” and as the older one pocketed his weapon the younger one did the same. Jay brought it too arms distance. “Marvin, got a smoke?”, “you always bumming Dee” he reached into his oversized jacket and produced a pack to give one up. As Marcus started handing him the cigarette. Jay slapped it out of his hands interrupting its transfer. Dee and Marvin both looked at the fallen cigarette “Wat?”, “shit will kill you dog”, ha dog Jay cracked himself up. Jay never in his life had seen two people move so fast. They were both out of eye sight in less than ten seconds. Jay was much closer to the garage now. He had planned to wait out the other half dozen or so, but if he was invisible what was the point of waiting. He casually made the final steps that put him on the front stoop of Tommy’s Garage and went for the door handle. Before he could turn it himself the knob was being moved on the other side of the door. Jay tucked himself up against the wall and listened “we got this Knight if he’s still around that is”. Four older African American’s emerged from the door, inches away from Jay. One had a Fedora on and a suit 20 years out of date, were Fedora’s back in style, yesh, one had a Fubu jacket and pants both three sizes to big caped off with a Yankees cap brim nice and starched, individually be damned. The third had on thick glasses, a back pack and sneakers with no laces, now how do you run when the cops show up Jay thought not very practical. The fourth had no neck, biceps bigger then Jays head, sporting a buzz hair cut, can you say roids? I knew you could. As the teens had early done, the four older gentlemen did gave gang signs and great big hugs. Jay watched as the door began closing. He was inside before it had a chance to shut fully, with no one the wiser, even Knight who was a few inches away locking the entrance, too high to care. Hopefully not so high to not think straight. The trembling sensation felt different as if “shit” was it wearing off, Jay blurred to the office he had managed to spy as he entered the fine establishment. Jay did a quick search of the small office, for anything that would give off a reflection. Not even a computer monitor. The window was too damn dirty from lack of Windex he heard footsteps approaching. Got to be something Jay thought. A razor blade caught Jay’s eye’s and where there was a razor blade, there it was a small rectangle mirror covered with a white powder, Knight must have a cold looks like crushed aspirin, in neat easy to follow lines. Jay dumped the coke and checked the mirror damn he was in it. Not much in the lines of hiding places, Jay gave it up and sat in Knights chair behind the desk and waited. Step by step Knight slowly made his way up the twenty or so steps. Jay watched as the top of Knights head crowned over the stair case graying here and there alongside a small balding spot beginning to show. The offices lights were off or didn’t work and Jay was wearing black, would still be a little hard to see him. Just as Jay caught Knights face a loud pounding shook the large bay door, rapid pounding someone was in a hurry. “Knight! Knight! Got something!” Got what Jay wondered a venereal disease? Before Knight vanished back down Jay watched him bring out the gold plated 9mm “gonna kill this cracker, fucking with my rest now”. Jay pointed to himself in a who me fashion. Suddenly though the fifty thousand seemed kind of light in his pocket. Knight was out for blood not money. Fifty thousand would have to do, no ATMs in the hood. “Look I tell you shit aint right, aint fucking right for a minute” whoever was talking sure sounded shook up. “Marvin chill, what the fuck aint right?” The lights flickered back on before too long half he crew was back. The noise from down below him increased. “Knight I was there, shit, shit, shit, tell’em Marvin, tell’em what we see”. The smell of marijuana took center stage over the engine oil, combined it wasn’t half bad. “We did see shit Knight, wasn’t right, no one there man, you hear what I’m saying no one”. Knight heard him, understanding him was altogether a different story. “Who wasn’t there?” Marvin took three hits off his joint, quick like a skittish rabbit. Knight grabbed Dee by the collar “you better be a better story teller boy cause I’m all out of god damn waiting”. Dee was more skittish then Marvin was, but managed out of retribution from Knight “ghost man, fucking slapped Marvin, fucking ghost”. Everyone started laughing all except Knight that is. There was something out there that scared his kids but weren’t no ghost. “Hold up!” The laughter died down. “You trying to tell me you saw a ghost? Boy what are you smoking?” Dee kept moving, packing back and forth looking at nothing, jumping once in awhile his hands kept going to his hair, as he tried to retell what happened. “Knight what I’m saying is me and Marvin” he nodded at Marvin who smoked himself out. “We out there looking for cracker man, keeping our eyes opened and all, shit, shit, shit then I ask Marvin for a smoke see”. Dee’s pacing increased his hands flying around as he tried to show them the big picture. “So Marvin gave you a smoke?” Dee shook his head fast “tried to man, he gets all pissed off but he alright sharing and all, smokes the good kind not the generic shit you know how Marvin is”. The kids on crack for sure Knight thought and spooked everyone up. “Marvin didn’t give you one this time?”, “Marvin he says ya, he’s got one and he’s handing it up you see, like this” Dee starts playing charades, then slaps his own hand down. “you slapped Marvin? Lucky he didn’t drop you kid”. Dee kept shaking his head “no, no, no me and Marvin we boys, someone else” he slaps his hand down again. Jay in the office could hear the whole story; it was hard to not laugh himself. “Alright, alright” Knight stopped the laughter that filled any open space in Dee’s story. “Damn it Dee I aught to fucking put you down, dogs who go wrong in the head, they get put down you know” Knight fought smiling. A tool box somewhere in the garage tipped over spilling its contents to the floor. Everyone went weapons up except Marvin. “It’s back, shit Knight the ghost it’s back!” Dee looked about to bolt through the garage door whether or not it was unlocked or not. Knight pointed his gun toward the direction he was sure the noise had come from. A cat leaped onto the barrel of ancient oil, hissed at them and darted off. “Fucking cat, cat’s scaring us and Dee telling us ghost stories” Everyone’s dick was up, hard boys with hard ons. “Ghost or no ghost, it’s got to be cracker man, someone bring me his god damn head”. Again, moments after Knights speech the garage was emptied, all but Marvin and Knight, Marvin wasn’t moving and Knight, balls were high and tight. As Knight took the stairs to the office, this time by two’s instead of the old decrepit way he did earlier, the night seemed to making Knight younger by the second. Knight’s blood up, anger running through his veins fueled his desire to get to the bottom of all this bizarre stuff. Knight blinded by rage entered his office and went for the light switch and froze as he heard the slid of a 9mm being drawn back. “Leave it off”. Jay was surprised at the level of force he managed to put behind his words. Confidence or damn arrogance he was turning into Baine Jay thought. “Turn nice and slow, drop the gold on the desk”. Knight turned as instructed though he couldn’t see the man, knew the office well enough, instead of dropping his 9 he took wild shots at his chair. No bullets flew in his direction must have got that stupid fucker Knight thought. “Could have made this so much easier Knight”. Knight found his 9mm missing from his hand before the man finished. “Now sit”. The lack of light, Knight could not make out the guy who apparently was sitting in his chair again. How could he have missed the mother fucker? “Those caps gonna bring the boys back quick like to”. Jay was sure they would be, was counting on the fact “I’ll be gone by then”. Jay dropped fifty thousand on the desk closer to Knights side “I’m here on business”. Knight liked the sight of the bank tags but had not taken his seat yet, no one but no one told Knight what to do, not anymore. Jay let out a long drawn sigh “stand, sit, makes no difference to me”, “your good as dead, you know”. Jay laughed behind the darkness “more you then me, I’ve got your gun”. Knight took a seat on the wrong side of the desk. Damn this aint right Knight thought, but what choice did he truly have. “There’s fifty thousand cash, clean cash” Knight picked up a stack and started riffling through them; he knew what to look for. After a minute he was confident they were the real thing. Jay laughed again this was fun “It’s all there I assure you, you have a counting machine somewhere check it later”. “So what you want, crack? Heroin? A street?”, “no nothing like that” Knight couldn’t sit anymore had to stand “not much else I can offer bitches I’m not selling supply and demand to high these days”. Jay tossed the newspaper toward Knight. The front had a larger article and photograph of a kid and her mother, nothing else seemed to matter to the world. “They just moved into Complex B on Stanley street, which you own”. Knight was glancing at the article and photo, “some sort of government officials wife and kid so what?” Jay wasn’t surprised that Knight knew what he was looking at, Knight was educated, and some Ivy league school none the less. He hit the streets instead of the books, educated himself enough to produce his own product easy information with the right connections. “I’m not knocking off a kid or the mother, not for fifty”. Jay also knew Knight though a vicious piece of work once had morals “precisely, I’m buying their protection”. “What’s they too you?”, “fifty thousand, told you it’s business”. Jay dropped the red tie next. The red silk Redman tie. Knight watched as it laid half off the desk. “You’re a myth”, “no” Jay laughed again “a ghost”. A ghost Knights men were looking for as they spoke. “You saved Trevor why?” “To get your attention why else and now I’m handing you fifty large, do we have a deal Mr. Knight?” Fifty thousand was high end dropping money, the man Redman or not was loaded and highly likely connected to a larger operation then his own. Though he didn’t like being muscled, fifty was fifty. “How long?”, “As long as they stay there, won’t be long maybe a month”. The door down stairs was being pounded on, thought I left those open Knight thought to himself and laughed. “If you are who you say you are, you’d have no problem getting out of here alive, if you can manage that, sure we got ourselves a deal”. The pounding increased, more than one fist was at work. “If they are harmed either of them, you personally will see to it that whoever is responsible comes to a very slow and agonizing end”. Knight laughed again, his crew was back in full force, cracker man was dead. “Sure, sure”, “the tie if that should occur leave it at the scene with the bodies, it’s your get out of jail free card don’t lose it”. The door behind Knight rattled as if being slammed shut, dust fell from the walls, the fiber glass rattled in its hold. Though impossible Knight felt alone. 



Chapter 74

AMBER

She opted to still hit Star Bucks; she needed something mocha and strong. She already called in letting the office know the reason for her delay of getting there on time. Doc was more than sympathetic and promised to take it out on her later, he was telling her this when officer McKinley had interrupted the phone call and she hit the red button on her cell phone. Officer McKinley, she was thinking of his cut biceps pulling her close when the car behind her honked as she missed the vehicle ahead of her open up a spot. This was so not like her. She had long ago accepted the fact that she had wanted possessions over passion; she wanted the finer things in life that only doctor money could afford. A police officer? As much as her groan wanted passion for at least one night police money wasn’t going to fit that bill. To chance Doc finding out, to ruin her comfortable life style to lose everything, she just was not sure she had it in her. Her offer of drinks was an impulse, a very motivation impulse. She had better decline the date. She ordered her large mocha with extra whipped cream, paid for it and was on her way to the office, when she first remembered that she had put the necklace on. She checked the vanity mirror at the next red light. The necklace fit nicely right on top of her 34c’s, that’s were her like of it ended. One emerald sat at its center, a sun like thing circled it in what appeared to be bronze. Though there wasn’t much to the necklace it seemed to weight more than it should. “Match my eye’s what a line”. It did nothing to bring out her blue; almost pulled her blue eye’s a darker shade. A cop though, a cop with handcuffs she thought what would one night hurt. She could keep it away from Doc, she tried to convince herself and because she wanted to believe her own bullshit she believed every bit of it. The day became mundane just like any other Friday, sure it was busy but she was lost in her efficiently run office. Outside of a flirt with some Attorney who was about fifteen years younger than Doc, who thankfully had some prior engagement her could not get out of. She didn’t want to know, or even cared enough to ask. She feigned a pout when she heard for his benefit. “Maybe I can sneak out for a bit” they had his office to themselves and he began groping her, like he was eighteen years old and had no idea what he was doing. McKinley would know where all the good parts were. She sighed on the thought, “I knew you’d come around, we got ten minutes”. “Maybe you do, my desk is loaded” in all honesty her desk was clean, she occasionally pilled “out” going work into her “in” box so it would give out the appearance of overloaded workload. A knock on the door saved her; she could feel his dick harden on her ass. She straightened up fixed her hair and as Michelle entered Doc’s office handed him some paper work for his signature. Michelle gave her a bitchy look, they all suspected she was screwing the Doc but no one knew for sure they couldn’t have. She and Doc never left together or came into together, they never ate lunch together, what was there to suspect, but they all knew. She had such few people she could even remotely call a friend. “That’ll be all Amber”, the Doc sat at his desk, “there ready for you in conference room B”. Amber brushed past and headed for her own office. “Already? It’s not supposed to start until 3:00 make them wait”. Michelle looked awkward as if not wanting to leave. “The matter has become critical”. She handed Doc a thick manila folder stuffed with x-ray. Doc’s eyes lingered on Michelle there was a time before Amber that he’d wanted to screw Michelle’s brains out, too bad he thought, then again Amber was getting less receptive to their afterhours meetings. He opened the folder and Michelle began to exit the office. “Michelle?”, “yes Doctor Henderson”, “this is the subject?” she looked confused “yes, that the Sweiter file sir”. He kept staring at a few x-rays then began to lay a few of them on his desk. Then he looked at the name on the folder, doc always went for tits and ass rather than brains and experience, maybe she’d brought him the wrong file. No, it was the right file, a competent piece of ass; he was contemplating getting Michelle naked but shook the thought away. “Their prepping him for surgery, they won’t need you till five o’clock”, so much for sneaking out and screwing Amber, then again. “I need you to stay, if you can make that happen do it”, it was a last minute decision Michelle was a bit older then Amber, but nothing wrong with experience when it came in a package like Michelle’s. “Sure”, “this man shouldn’t be alive, what part of him isn’t shredded to pieces?” he asked himself, Michelle had no clue she wasn’t a doctor. He gathered up the x-rays and headed for conference room B. 



Chapter 75

AMBER

Ten of 4:00 Daren opened the door for her. She could still see the hospital, doc had moved her in close, but she still opted to driver herself in, streets tended to get rough especially at night. McKinley was on her mind most of the day, with any luck he’d be on the rest of her by the end of the night. She thanked her lucky stars that Doc got caught up in that Sweiter matter. She’d taken a peek at a few of the x-ray; she couldn’t even decipher what bone it was depicting. There was a working elevator in her building but she never took it unless she was carrying something heavy, today all she had was her cell phone, which hadn’t rung yet. It worried her that it bothered her that he hadn’t called yet. Maybe he wouldn’t after all, she knew the type great looking guys hooked onto the nearest short skirt. She entered her apartment and powered up the stereo. She never liked the silence of an empty place, especially as large as her place. The music didn’t make it less empty, she just felt less alone. She grabbed a bottle of Riesling and a tall wine glass, if he did show she’d be that much closer to losing her ambitions, yeah what ambitions. As she took her first sip her cell vibrated. “Hello”, “hi Amber?” she recognized his voice “yes it’s me Officer McKinley”, “please call me Bob”. “So Bob still on for drinks? I was thinking my place around fiveish” the line sounded dead, “Bob you not coming are you, I understand cops and”, “oh no Amber I’ll be there, want me to bring anything?”. He had just decided what the hell and to it go Baine. “Yes” almost did it again she squashed the thought of spitting out “your cuffs and maybe that stick thing might be interesting”, “Amber?”, “I only have wine”, “no that’ll work see you in about an hour then”. She hadn’t yet decided what she’d wear. Something tight fitting around her 5 foot eight, hundred and twenty five pound figure, then it struck her of course, the black dress, she hadn’t met a man who hadn’t made a move on her when she wore that dress. As she finished her shower and with her towel still around her she shifted through her panty draw, found one that left no lines on the dress, damn things were uncomfortable and tossed them back in. She searched some more, then decided no panties no line at all. She then slinked into her dress, a nice comfortable tight fit, as the intercom came to life. “Amber, a Mr. McKinley to see you” he was early; she hadn’t had much time to do her hair. “Daren stale for three minutes”, “your hair looks fine Amber” he replied. “Just stale him” she laughed lightly. “Sure” he answered. Bob had caught the whole loudly whispered conversation and smiled. “I’m a little early”. “Red Sox?”, “No Yankees”, Giants?”, “No Jets”, “Eh shouldn’t let you up”. Amber buzzed moments later, “Okay Daren send him up”. He wore a nice fitted t-shirt and dark jeans and loafers. His hair was eased back and he smelled like old spice, she knew the sent her dad had worn it. “Nice place Amber, I mean I saw what you drove, not stolen by the way”, she wiped her hand across her forehead “phew”, “but this place is something else”. “Some wine?” he kept looking the place over, “whatever you’re drinking is fine”. “I’ll be right back, give you the tour”. He watched her leave the room, catching the way she moved the hips, could tell how good a woman was in the sack if she knew how to glide the hips. Not bad he thought, usually gorgeous woman went on that fact alone, but Amber she knew how to move. He rubbed his hands causing them to warm by friction “cold?”, “oh no, never thought about it, guess it’s’ just a habit”. He was easy to talk to though he seemed to be doing most of it, she found herself enjoying just listening made her feel less alone. She was transfixed on the ease he seemed to be at, no first date jitters or whatever this was. “Let me show you around” she handed him the wine glass and he took a sip “nice choice”, “you know wine?” that cute impish grin filled his face “ya got me, I have no clue when it comes to wine, but it’s nice”. She guided him through the living room “so what does an officer do on his time off?” “You mean outside of pulling beautiful woman over for a date? I like to hunt and invest in the future”. He started going through her assortment of CD’s. If it was possible she wanted him even more now. He hunted for some reason turned her on, she imagined him hunting bare handedly and shirtless and he was also an investor. The investor did nothing to excite her, but she may have shorted him on his wallet size. He had a handful of her CD’s, thumbing through them and stopped. “I may have to arrest you Amber, seriously ICE-T?” She raised the glass to her lips “good luck with that” she paused; all to hell with it, the electricity between them was maddening. “I’d resist arrest, then you’d have to frisk me, I don’t see any handcuffs” she looked him over scanning for a set. If she had any panties on they’d probably need changing, he placed the CD’s back into their places, reached his hand toward his back and unlashed his police issued cuffs. “Never know when you might need them”. Her eye’s leaped from their sockets at the same time his lips found hers. His huge right hand pressed against the small of her back pulling her into him. The short lived but passionate kiss did more to her then Doc’s half drunken all nighters. He broke off the kiss and they were still surprisingly dressed. He locked into her eyes for a second and she back at him, “been wanting to do that since I got here”. Damn the man was good, but why was he stopping. She finished off her drink in one pull. “How about the rest of that tour?” he asked knowing the tour would bring them eventually to her bedroom. She wasn’t wearing the necklace that’s why he had to stop, had to make sure it was back around her neck by the end of the night. Bob wasn’t sure how much he believed in the myth. Five years ago he had heard a strange noise coming from the oddest of places, the McKinley’s Mansion basement. There he found Baine, at first he thought he was an ordinary burglar and drew his weapon. Baine did his blur thing and vanished. Bob searched the basement. This part of the basement was the subject of many urban myths and speculation. Everything from Hoffa’s body to underground rail road’s shrouded its existence. It had been for many years locked up and mostly forgotten by any McKinley who resided there. To call it unfinished would be a mockery of the word. It more resembled a cave with dungeon type gates which Bob had the only set of keys. The floor and ceiling were cut from the earth, only light available was what you brought with you. The secrets and myths were mostly just that. There was only one true rumor and one deep scary secret that would put the printed version to shame. Secrets that if were brought to light would put an end to their lavish life style. Claire had to go and marry a writer, a hack writer at that. Bob had never read Jay’s book, wasn’t about to, most of his reading was Sports Illustrated Swim suit edition. Claire knew better, she could marry whoever the hell she wanted but a writer was playing with fire, Bob didn’t like it one bit. “This is the kitchen”, her feet kept dragging her to the bedroom, but she didn’t want to seem too slutty, on the other hand he didn’t seem to be in any rush at all. She thought hopefully that would come in nice and handy later on at the end of the tour. He opened the refrigerator doors “I never thought to ask, are you hungry?” he closed the doors, “I’m alright for now, had a late lunch, you?” Horny yes, hungry well yes but that could wait. “Later sound good”. There was only one room left; finally she led the way to her bedroom. “And this is my bedroom”. She opened the door; thoughts filed her head, her on top of him, him lifting her against the wall, her holding onto the shower head. “I was thinking about the frisking you promised”, “one step ahead of you”, she turned to find him grinning, holding his cuffs up. “I never! Promise you’ll go easy on me?” she laughed, as his smile grew along with other body parts “I make no such promises”. This time when he broke the kiss it was to move his lips to another body part, and unlike the first time neither of them had anything on. He lifted her with ease and was inside her thrusting every inch of himself. She’d made two grave mistakes, one she should have never traded possession for passion, easy to say now, two Bob, this was going to be one hell of a night and she already wanted another. One fling, be blung and be gone she promised herself before he arrived, but she knew now that those plans wouldn’t work or her anyway. Her cell phone buzzed from somewhere in her downed clothes, it wasn’t like she was about to stop what she was doing or what was being done to her. The next stop was the bed and soon, there was just so much banging your head on a wall one could take. She took over as soon as they hit the mattress and forced him down she slowed the rhythm. He played with her nipples as she glided up and down his shaft tantalizing slowly. By the way he groaned he sure must have been enjoying himself, she knew she was. Her own moans of ecstasy began to match his, she had been spent already, and this man had stamina. When she felt him finish she collapsed beside him on her back. “No…I’m…hungry” he laughed between deep breathes. “Hope…you…can…cook” she replied between hers. He looked at her again, in the eyes, few men did that these days, “guess we better order in”. She slid off the bed, “Chinese?” he laced an arm under his head and looked so relaxed it astonished her. “Sure, sounds good”. She tossed her robe on, the short silk number, god it felt so good. She went for her night stand where her cell phone laid blinking a message. He kept playing with her upper thigh tracing soft delicate designs into her skin. She could hardly concentrate on what she was doing, what was she doing? Oh right Chinese. She ran through the pre-programmed numbers “if you want to eat tonight” and she playfully pushed his hand down. His lips began where his fingers had left off, then his tongue followed. She was able to locate the Chinese takeout number Juan Ho Fangs and hit send. “Fangs!” a half Chinese, half English man answered “Yes a number six…” she tried pushing him off her “yes, yes number six”, “wait and”. His tongue, Christ how could it still be moist and warn “and number”, “yes busy, very busy address you give”, “no number eight”, “six, eight, yes address you give”. Address what was her address again “7..2..7 Langley..” she tried to angle herself away from him, but found his strong hands on her hips, not that she was trying very hard to get away. “Apartment…” her eyes closed. “Seven! Apartment Seven!” She ended the call. “You’re lucky I could give’m the correct address or you’d go hungry tonight”. She sighed as she stratled him forcing him back down with no resistance. She found herself hitting a solid extended cock, “how could you be?”, “round two?” Doc never had any other rounds, what would round to be like, too late to wonder. He spread her robe and found her nipples again and sat himself half up as she forced herself onto him repeatedly, good thing they didn’t have neighbors, she found she could be rather loud when properly motivated to do so. The Chinese came the same time he did “money’s in my wallet” he said. She grabbed his jeans and found the wallet and shield #106; she traced its design with her pointer finder. “I like it”, “what do you like?”, “nothing, foods here” she grabbed a twenty dollar bill. Her robe was revealing but Chinese man didn’t like to wait, so she tightened it up. Wasn’t this how porno’s started, it felt as if she was in one at the moment. The little Chinese mans slanted eyes popped up when she answered the door “$15.00 dollar”. She handed him the twenty, “keep the change” he lingered till the door was shut. She laughed “what’s so funny” he had his boxers on and standing in the door way to bedroom. It had been a long time since she wanted to please anyone but herself; she was sure though tonight was all she’d get. She lifted the Chinese bag “Chinese” she felt less like eating and more like crying, why couldn’t she have met Bob before all of this. “You alright?”, “I’m fine” though she wasn’t, there wasn’t much she could do about it, he’d be gone before the sun was and she’d be Doc’s whore again. “Doesn’t sound like it, something I did? he threw a thumb toward the bedroom, “thought you were enjoying yourself”. She put the bag on the kitchen table. “I suppose”, “suppose?” he laughed, before he could end he laughter “so when do you think you’ll be leaving?” He grabbed a few plates and re-filled their wine glasses. “Want me to take this to go?” he asked confused, she looked down at her plate as she loaded it with rice and grilled chicken. “So you think it like that?” it had been up till now, but he’d trade in the playboy role for doing this all night with Amber. Probably. “Isn’t it?” He loaded his plate up, “haven’t really thought about it, we just met, but”, “yeah but”, she said with a little vinegar, “no what I meant was I’m game for another date, we’ll plan it before, this one ends”. She looked at him like he was being ridiculous, “what?”, “sure, like you didn’t have dates lined up all weekend”. Yep he did the waitress and some young thing he just met at the grocery store. He shrugged “so, I’ll cancel, cancelled two dates to be here tonight”, “really?” he put his fork down; “you’re really trying to put a downer on this aren’t you? Look couple of dates see where this thing goes, unless you got other plans”. She smiled “no, no plans”, “great now that’s settled eat, you’re going to need your strength, because that robe is just doing it for me”. How did he keep going like this? She heard of men like this, but never had one in her bed. They started eating “so I like to hunt, what do you do when you not running red lights?” She had to think about that one, wasn’t like she had a hobby she was Doc’s hobby, it was a good thing she was chewing at the moment. “I think I just found a hobby” giving him a sexy smile. “Now who’s being ridiculous? How many guys you cancel on?” None one cancelled on her, “less then you think”. He started thinking about why he was here in the first place. Funny how Baine was the one that told him to keep an eye on her in the first place, make sure she’d wear the necklace, he’d told Bob. He was enjoying himself tonight for a change; unlike most of his one night stands this one had a brain to match the ass. He played with a scenario in his head, Baine, what if, hypothetically speaking of course, she didn’t wear the necklace? What then? One way to find out exactly be here in the morning. She wasn’t rushing him out the door, that wouldn’t be a problem. He pushed his plate forward and tossed his napkin on it. While finishing his glass of wine his third of the night he refilled it and offered to do the same for her. “It’s not like I’m moving in okay, but we got something started, so let’s leave it at that”. She pushed her plate in “I’m going to take a shower”, “don’t use up all the soap, I’ll join you in a minute, I got to check in with the precinct”. She bounced to the bathroom as if she were five years old, been awhile since she felt like this, so, alive. She wondered if she would truly give up her life style for a man she just met and wondered if he was going to actually cancel other dates for her. She ran the shower head to warm it up. “It’s me, I’m on her” more ways than one and counting. “Not yet, working on it” there was a break in the conversation, “not the easiest thing to suggest, seem to weird” man he felt like telling Baine what a great screw she was, but he knew how that would end. “Look I know what I’m doing”. Baine ended the conversation abruptly. Well fuck you to Baine. Was Bob really willing to give up on the immortality Baine offered? Great time with Amber aside his life was shit. Full of it, keeping the McKinley secret was a full time job, twenty four hours a day, no love life to speak of, outside of the little black book girls. Forever was a long time, becoming a Champion sounded more like being a chump when you boiled it down to its essential parts. Which all brought him back to Amber, was she worth it, he asked himself, as she found him sitting on the couch starring at his cell phone? “Water won’t stay warm all night you know” he smiled; he was doing a lot of that since he met her. Could be that was the answer, happiness over immortality, “Bob? Coming?”, “right behind you sweet heart”. Now how to break it to Baine. 



Chapter 76

JAY

What Jay knew about gunk for’s was first hand. He knew what they were capable of. Clark had mentioned it took two Facilitators to bring one down, right before Clark was on his back and Jay single handedly ripped out its spine. So much for that theory. He knew he was capable of doing this on his own. The perverse pleasure in doing so frightened the hell out of him. The fact that it felt natural worried him to no end. What was he turning into? He felt normal, like any other every day Joe, except when he blurred. Something else takes over physically. His mind was growing accustomed to the speed along with it vision seemed to be improving the more he used it. “You sure you want to do this?” Jack asked. They’d been practicing for hours now, and that was after a three rounder with Dane. Dane winning once again but with less conviction then in the past. Their battle was evenly matched till the end and again experience reigned supreme. “Just do it”, Jacks wasn’t so sure about this, up till now it was simple exercised with no consequences attached. Today was only the second time he’d shoot a gun. The other time was a few days ago when Jay taught him how to use it. Basics aim and shoot; now he was aiming a gun at his good friend. “I don’t know Jay”, “you’ve seen me blur before” Jay was two yards away and Jack line him up in the cross hairs. He just couldn’t do it; he put the gun at his side. “Another way?” any other way Jack thought. Jay was at his side before he finished his question. “Never going to get use to that you know”. “It’s got to be this way Jack, fear of self harm seems to bring out the best of it”. What Jay was saying made sense. but Jack still didn’t like it. Finally he relented. “Fine, but you eat a bullet; it’s on your head”. Jay was back on his mark. Jack took a minute it was impossible to conceive what Jay was capable of. “Ready?” Jack lined up the shot just as Jay had taught him only day’s ago. Jay nodded “ready”. The bullet flew, before the blast sounded, Jay was at Jack’s side. “See nothing to it”, in fact Jack hadn’t had the chance to open his closed eye. After another half an hour, Jack undid the clip, empty again. “This thing, this Gumby thing how dangerous is it?” Jay told Jack about the first encounter with the gunk for with as much detail as he could. “I’d say pretty damn”. The trip would take an hour or so, the battle could rage on for days. “When are you going to bring Dane into the Redman circle?” What an off topic Jay thought as he was putting away his equipment, plenty of ammo for the Eagle, bullet proof vest, “he’s a farmer from the old country, wherever that is, good guy”, “he’d make a fine additions”, Jack interrupted the however section of Jay’s little speech. Jay latched the U.S. Navy duffle bag. “I’ll make a point to consider, right now”, “right now, you’re going to be careful” Jack gave Jay a man hug, one tough tap on his back. “Don’t go all girly on my while I’m gone Jack”. “When you finish this you’ll call your friend right quick, let me know”. Jay tossed the duffle bag over his shoulder “right…Jack…if I don’t”. “you move like a blur who can touch you?”, “right”. Jay saluted Jack looking like a Navy sailor going back to active duty and without a sound vanished into thin air. “Good luck Jay, whichever way you went”. The blur took control, he was out of the tri-state area in minutes and his heart rate was that of a mild walk, on a marathon runner, it barely registered. He stopped and checked his pulse just to make sure, it was within normal range. He’d have to devise a monitor of some sort when he returned, if he was going to keep this thing. On top of a high ridge overlooking the city, Jay searched and found it, just where Stephen’s said it would be, Croket Maximum Security Prison. Time to pay a long overdue visit to the man responsible for Alex, and give him some bad news. Jay stashed his duffle bag, U.S. Navy stamped on it, once belonging to one Seaman Bickman. The area was remote, he half expected to see a tumble weed role by, but who took chances, is he who has karma against him. Jay needed no other foes at the moment. After carefully burying his bag, he looked over the ridges edge, a far drop. Jay was no physics major but a fall from his height would leave a red mark and himself planted ten feet underground. Willie E. Coyote managed to walk away from fall of this magnitude, he would be another story. He’d have to remember to try it from a safer height when he returned home; he was kicking himself for not thinking of this earlier. “Knew you wouldn’t listen”. Jay turned with his Eagle safely stowed in his duffle bag, unarmed except for the blur. Baine. Baine sat haphazardly on a large rock behind him. “Not now Baine”. Baine lit his habit, side effects or not he seemed to be digging those sticks, “I can think of no better time than right now”. Jay turned his back on Baine. “So they sent you to stop me?” Jay’s blur activated itself just and he moved out of the charging path of Blaine’s predictable move. “Nice try”, Jay’s only hope was Baine’s over confidence and underestimating of Jay’s studies. Baine’s laughter seemed to echo off the cliff from every direction. “Parlor tricks Jay, nothing more, no matter how much you think you know, remember the knife?” Jay honed in on Baine’s voice and caught Baine by the throat. “Enough!” the few animals that habbitated the area took flight. Jay felt his hands tighten around Baine’s throat as Baine’s eye’s buldge slightly and for once his smugness seemed to have vanished. Though Baine was losing oxygen, had to be, he made no effort to free himself. Jay lost interest and tossed Baine and watched Baine slide against the unholy terrain. Baine sat himself where he stopped looking no worse for wear. “There is more at stake here Jay then you’re so called existence”. “How many of these damn gunkafors are there? That you unleashed” Jay caught the change in air movement, caught Baine with both palms and shoved him into the rocks. “I want answers Baine” Baine raised himself up, a tad gimp in his movement. “Answers you don’t want?” Baine replied dusting himself off. Jay gazed toward Croket, he didn’t need to fear Baine, Jay knew the score, their skirmish would never end, too evenly matched and after a few centuries neither one of them would score a death blow. “You’re wasting your time Jay, the source is depleted”. “You knew all along where it was and?” Baine stood to Jay’s left. “Watched of course” Jay didn’t want to turn and face him he’d attack and waste more time. Felt like he was on a clock for some reason. “The source had enough for seven, seven infected, seven demons from hell, seven reasons to turn back now”. Jay watched Baine for another sign of attack “six”, “ah yes six, how could I forget, but it still waits and Jay it waits for you”. Crocket beckoned to him, drawing Jay to it, had to end this pointless conversation. “Unless you’d like to keep this up till the next millennium, I got work to do”. Baine waved his arm toward Croket in a be my guest manner. “You can’t stop them Jay only contains them, its human nature you fight against; it is only imbedded in the gunk for”. “Well then, till next time and I did tell you about the Fedora right?” Jay vanished on the question. “Fool” Baine took off his Fedora and starred at it Jay was wrong on most accounts, but might have to concede he had a point about the fedora. He never remembered being without it, reminded him of his favorite time period. Jay checked in at Croket “Attorney Sutton for Peter, in-mate number 427916577” the one lone security guard called it in. “Visitor for 427916577, alright I’ll send him in”. Jay’s head went up, “follow me, and seems your client’s Leukemia is just about done with him”. The guard escorted Jay to the infirmary, where another guard sat reading the Post. “Attorney Sutton’s client” he thumbed at Peter and shrugged. Peter laid motionless on a gurney, a plane white sheet laid on top of him, tubes running in just about every direction. “You’ll be lucky if he wakes up this time, morphine, self injecting”. After five minutes Jay was about to call it, the man had hours to live if that, why bother. Peter’s sheet moved. “Aren’t you going to call the doctor?” Peters arm moved slightly. “What doctor, this man’s good as dead, hopefully before my shift ends”. “Stephens?” Peter’s voice croaked out dry as a bone. “Give me a few minutes”, the guard shoot his head, his mouth at the moment was busy chewing on a donut, “afraid he might take off running using me as a shield?” The guard shrugged, “I’ll get a coffee, no more than that”. “Stephens?” Jay eased next to the germy avoiding kicking out the many tubes running into Peters veins. Though Peter’s eye’s remained closed “you’re not Stephen’s”, “A partner at the same law firm”. Peter’s monitors beeped and blinked some rhythm. Peter coughed a quick laugh. “Hello Redman”, “nice to finally meet you Peter”. The one outsider that had that information would go to his grave with it, no harm. After Peter regained his breath, “my grandchild, she’s safe?” Susan, she was more than safe “more, she’s being loved”. It was more than Peter could ask for, seeing her was a long shot, but being loved was far better place. “The virus Peter who, how?”, “you can’t stop it, gone now”, each word came with agony. The man looked minutes away from the pearly gates. “Your father Jay, he is”. Peter coughed violently, his father? What was his father damn it, Peter hold on. “Alive”, but Peter’s words came out garbled with no audible volume. Jay was watching Peter so intently he managed to make out the lip movement. “Your mistaken Peter my father died over thirty years ago”. Peter’s eye’s never opened, his violent coughing fit ended, along with it Peter’s last moment of life. The guard returned, saw the monitor flat lined and started unplugging Peter like he was an obsolete television set that no longer worked. No nurse, or aid no doctor desperately trying to resuscitate him, no loved one’s crying at his passing just a guard to clean up the mess, sad Jay thought as he was removed from the room. Jay had come here seeking answers; all he received was more unanswered questions, impossibilities, and no closer to the truth. The one thing he did know was Alex was still out their infected with a virus called gunk for and that would end soon. Somewhere behind him Jay could feel Baine’s presence he was out there somewhere watching. There would be another day, another time. He would take out this Alex, he was free because of Redman, and the rest would be Baine’s problem. 
