
Ruled By Rabbits:
The Adventures Continue
By Tanya Vollans
Copyright ©2018 by Tanya Vollans
Smashwords Edition
These blogs can also by found online at www.bunspace.com under the profiles of each rabbit – Hopper, Dusty, Cola, Duster, Ruby, Zoomer, Belle, Hunter And Ruger. Please note that some of these blogs were originally written in the first person tense and when compiled for this book were changed to a third person tense. Coverpage photo and design by Tanya Vollans. These blogs are all the original work of Tanya Vollans.
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

TABLE OF CONTENTS
THE BUNNY BOSSES
MORNING MUTTERINGS
NEVER TOO MUCH DUTCH
PERSONAL SPACE FOR BEARS
TEXTING FOR TREATS
CATAPULT CORNER
NOT A SPOT
BAD SPOT DAY
NOISY NEIGHBOURS
FOOTBALL FOLLIES
FLIP FLOP LOP
WALKING ON THE SPOT
THE LAST STRAW
DON'T BUG A BEAR
WEARING IT WRONG
LISTENING TO LULLABYES
SLEEP STRATEGY
CREATING A CAREER
SOCK SITTING
SLEEPY FEET
THE PERFECT PUMPKIN
THE POOP PROMISE
A COMPLAINT BY COLA
BUNNY GUARD
THE COLLECTION CORRECTION
HAPPY HOLIDAYS, HUNTER!
TREASURE HUNTER
THE COLA COLLECTION
BELLY HOPS
CURTAIN CALL
HINTS FOR HUNTER
MUSIC TO THEIR EARS
LAMP LESSONS
CAGE CLEANER, BUNNY FEEDER
THE REBELLIOUS RABBIT
BOISTEROUS BELLY
LAUNDRY LOITERER
BETTER BY BUNNY
“I HEAR CUTE”
FOOD FIASCO
PHONE FOR FOOD
BEEP BEEP BUNNY
THE BUNNY AND THE BIRD
BUNNY BUFFET
DR. HUNTER
HALLOWEEN HUNTER
CAGE CLEANING CONTROVERSY
PELLET PINATA
EARLY EXPECTATIONS
THE COVER-UP
HAUNTED HUNTER
BABY BUNNY BURGLARY
FURRY FRIENDS
HOLLYWOOD HUNTER
SOCK SURPRISE
CARPET CONFUSION
WATER WOES
HUNTER HEARS HAY
FOOT FITNESS
HUNTER HIDING IN HAY
RUGER AND THE DOTS
HAY HI-JINKS
HOP-TO-IT DELIVERY SERVICE
GROOMIN' THE HOOMIN'
NO HAY-NO WAY!
THE RHYTHM OF RABBITS
SUPPER SURPRISE
HUNTER HELPS WITH HOUSEWORK
FLOODED FEET
BRIBING THE BUNNY
BUNNY WITH A BIB
HEARD BY HUNTER
STORE SCORE
OTTERLY ADORABLE
TRICK OR TREAT TAKEDOWN
BIRTHDAY BUNNY
DOUBTING THE DOTS
TREE TACTICS
TREAT DAYDREAMING
A SONG FOR A SNACK
RESTAURANT FOR RABBITS
HUNTERS HAY HABIT
RACETRACK RABBIT
RUGER'S REVELATION
SHOW STOPPER
PICTURE PERFECT
RABBIT REFRIGERATOR
BEDTIME BUNNY
MUSICAL MESSAGES
FILING FRENZY
EXERCISE EXCITEMENT
LAGOMORPH LIBRARY
COLOUR CHOICES
SNORES GALORE
THE READING RABBIT
HAYSTACK ATTACK
BUSY BUNNY
SLIPPER SCANDAL
RELAXING WITH RUGER
HAPPY DAY HUNTER
FRIENDS IN THE FOREST
HAY PAIL HEIST
MEAL MISUNDERSTANDING
EGG HUNTER
OVERLY EXCITED EGG HUNTER
MAINTAINING THE EGGIE MANIA
THE BINKY MACHINE
MINIATURE MOMENTS
SNORING STORM
EGG-HAUSTED
FOOD TREE FIASCO
THUMP ON, THUMP OFF
UNSUPERVISED AND UNEVENTFUL
HUNTER GREEN
TICKET TALK
PONY PROBLEMS
FAKE FOOD
NOSERUBS CLUB
FOOD FORECAST
GOING TO GRANDPA'S
BUNNY BITES A BOOK
CHOOSING CHORES
FALLING OVER FOR FOOD
WRITING FOR RUGER
RABBIT ROUTINE
MOON MUSINGS
SO HOOMIN'
HELPING WITH HAY
FORGOTTEN FOOD
TOOK THE TREATS
FAST FEET
BLAMING THE BUNNY
THE NOSE KNOWS
OFFSITE OVERNIGHT
SUN'S UP, MOM'S UP
BUNNY BATHROOM
TOWEL TROUBLE
HUNTER'S HAYRIDE
PECAN PANIC
BEEP BEEP BUNNY
GROCERY GRUMP
OTTER OBSESSION
HAPPY HOLIDAYS, HOOMIN'S!

THE BUNNY BOSSES
Hopper
Breed: Dutch
Color: Brown and white
Sex: Female
Joined our Family: November 2004 (from a pet store)
Favorite Toy: Toss toy, toilet paper rolls
Favorite Foods: Anything she could eat
Nickname(s): Hops, Belly, Hopper-doos
Hobbies: Eating, chewing, flopping, begging for treats, noserubs
Pet peeves: Having to stop to breathe when she eats, other bunnies, nail trimmings
Became an Angel Bunny: January 3, 2009
Dusty
Breed: Holland Lop
Color: Light grey
Sex: Female
Joined our Family: August 2005 ( from a pet store)
Favorite Toy: Towel, toss toy
Favorite Foods: bananas, carrots, timothy hay
Nickname(s): Dust Bunny, Baby Bunny, Sweet Girl
Hobbies: Flopping
Pet peeves: Things that are where they shouldn’t be (the fly on the wall, for example), other female bunnies, nail trimmings, being picked up
Became an Angel Bunny: March 3, 2009
Cola
Breed: Dwarf
Color: Black
Sex: Female
Joined our Family: February 2007 (adopted from the Humane Society)
Favorite Toy: Toss Toy, Crumpled Paper
Favorite Foods: Banana, timothy hay, raisins
Nickname(s): Bear, Care Bear
Hobbies: Reminding her parents that bunnies really are in charge
Pet peeves: The curtains, the vacuum cleaner, nail trimmings, other female bunnies, being picked up, the vet that stole her fur
Became An Angel Bunny: July 11, 2013
Duster
Breed: Holland Lop
Color: Grey
Sex: Male
Joined our Family: August 2007 (the pet of a lady who worked at a pet store, when she was leaving her job, she needed to re-home Duster)
Favorite Toy: Toss Toy
Favorite Foods: Bananas, timothy hay, carrots, apple
Nickname(s): Dude, Good Boy
Hobbies: Spending time with his ladies, flopping, noserubs
Pet peeves: Not having enough time for all his ladies, nail trimmings, being picked up
Became An Angel Bunny: November 26, 2014
Ruby
Breed: Unknown
Color: White
Sex: Female
Joined our Family: June 2010 (adopted from The Humane Society)
Favorite Toy: Toilet Paper Rolls
Favorite Foods: Bananas, timothy hay
Nickname(s): Wuby
Hobbies: Being cute
Pet peeves: Not having cute insurance, being picked up, nail trimmings
Became an Angel Bunny: December 22, 2010
Zoomer
Breed: Dutch/Dwarf
Color: Brown and white
Sex: Male
Joined our Family: May, 2011 (Adopted from The Humane Society)
Favorite Toy: cardboard condo
Favorite Foods: Anything he can eat
Nickname(s): Zoomerang, GumBall, BabyBunny
Hobbies: Eating, chewing, flopping, begging for treats, noserubs, hanging around Cola's cage
Pet peeves: Having to stop to breathe when he eats, nail trimmings
Belle
Breed: Dwarf
Color: White and grey
Sex: Female
Joined our Family: August 2012 (Adopted from the Humane Society)
Favorite Toy: toilet paper rolls
Favorite Foods: Anything she can eat
Nickname(s): Little Bunny
Hobbies: Eating, chewing, flopping, begging for treats, noserubs
Pet peeves: Not getting her breakfast on time
Became An Angel Bunny: September 5, 2014
Hunter
Breed: Rex
Color: White, brown, black
Sex: Male
Joined our Family: Oct. 16, 2014 (from a pet store)
Favorite Toy: His towel
Favorite Foods: Hay and pellets
Nickname(s): Doodles, Hunter Doos
Hobbies: Flopping, eating
Pet peeves: Being able to see the bottom of his cage (it should be covered in hay), having to chew on his cage to alert the humans he is running low on pellets.
Ruger:
Breed: Mixed (Rex)
Color: Black and white
Sex: Male
Joined our Family: Jan. 30, 2016 (adopted from the OSPCA)
Favorite Toy: Chew sticks
Favorite Foods: Timothy hay and pellets
Nickname(s): Jellybean
Hobbies: Grooming his hoomins
Pet peeves: Not being able to groom his hoomins, having to wake up the hoomins because he is out of pellets at 1:30 am

MORNING MUTTERINGS
The morning routine is of the utmost important to Duster, Zoomer and Belle.
Bunny breakfast is to be served promptly. Then Mom does a cage assessment which includes pellet and hay top up, fresh water and then a brief litter box (or litter area) cleaning.
Duster is a ray of sunshine in the morning.
Belle and The Spots are spunky as the sun comes up.
Zoomer is not a morning bunny. Zoomer cannot even pretend to enjoy the morning.
When Mom opens his cage, he'll sometimes greet her with a foot flick, which includes flinging poop in all directions, as he hops to his morning corner.
"Thanks, Zoomer, appreciate it," Mom sighs.
Seeing as poop often ends up in his water bowl, Mom makes her way to the bathroom to clean the bowl and add fresh water.
Mom then puts the water bowl back in the corner.
Grunt.
Mom looks at Zoomer, he does not return eye contact.
Mom tops up his hay and pellets.
Grunt, grunt.
"Zoomer, you're too cute to be grunting this early in the day," Mom says, rubbing his nose.
Zoomer does his best to look annoyed with the disruption of his sleep.
"Who's the cute baby bunny?" Mom asks.
Belle looks at him. "He's my boyfriend!"
Grunt.
"I guess it's too early for him to be your boyfriend," Mom laughs.
Zoomer throws his toss toy across the cage.
Mom quickly cleans his litter area and closes his cage. "All done. Sorry for disturbing you."
But Zoomer has already moved on, happily munching on his hay.

NEVER TOO MUCH DUTCH
Mom was sorting through some of her rabbit-themed collectibles.
Zoomer decided to see what exactly that involved.
“Hi, Mom!” the three year old “baby” Dutch bunny binkied.
“Hi, Zoomer. Come to help?”
“No, just being nosy.”
Zoomer was so honest.
He hopped onto one of the bins.
“I am trying to organize the collection,” Mom sighed.
“What's in that bin?” Zoomer asked.
Mom smiled. “Wait till you see!”
Mom took the lid off the bin and proceeded to empty the contents.
There were resin lawn ornaments, pictures, stuffed toys and miniatures.
“Ta da!”
“Mom, they all look like me!” Zoomer binkied.
“Yep, that's the Zoomer inspired bin,” Mom said.
“Wow! Dutch bunnies are very popular,” Zoomer binkied again.
Mom smiled. “My collection can never have too much Dutch bunny inspired pieces.”

PERSONAL SPACE FOR BEARS
Cola hopped onto the couch beside Mom.
“Can you move over please? I need some room.”
Mom looked at the adequate amount of space between her and Cola. But knowing if she didn't oblige, Cola would have a Cola-tastrophe of some sorts.
“A bit more please,” Cola said.
Mom scooted over to the far side of the couch.
“A wee bit more,” Cola decided.
“I can't go any further on the couch,” Mom sighed.
Cola nodded.
Mom rolled her eyes.
Cola hopped over and nosebonked Mom's arm.
“I'm a big bear, I need room.”
“Technically I was sitting here first,” Mom said.
“Seriously?” Cola asked.
Mom sighed and moved to the computer desk chair and resumed reading her book.
A moment later, Cola was digging at Mom's feet.
Mom looked down.
“Your feet are in my way,” Cola grumbled.
“Weren't you just on the couch?” Mom questioned.
“Yes, and now I am here,” Cola was trying to push Mom's feet out of the way.
“OK, Bear, what are you up to?” Mom asked.
“Just above your ankle,” Cola replied.
“That's not what I meant,” Mom said. “What are you trying to do.”
“Well I was attempting to be subtle, but bears need a lot of personal space, since we are so big. I need you to move,” Cola said.
“Where to now?” Mom wondered.
“Maybe back to Grandma and Grandpa's,” Cola said. “They seem to like you.”
Mom buried her head in her hands, trying not to laugh.
“You can still visit us,” Cola said. “I just need the space you take up for myself. I mean, I can sit in the area where your two feet are. And I'm a pretty big bear so you have huge feet.”
“I am not moving out, Cola Bear. I will give you more room in the bunny area. But you have to share the apartment,” Mom said, restraining herself from laughing.
“Fine,” Cola thumped and started back towards her cage.
“Um, Cola, speaking of personal space, your fur is in mine,” Mom said.
Cola turned to see what Mom was talking about.
“When you nosebonked me some of your fur stuck to me. Want it back?” Mom gently removed the fur from her shirt and offered it to Cola.
“Of course I want it back!” Cola allowed Mom to place the fur she had shed on her back.
As Cola hopped back to her cage, Mom was sure she heard the black bunny whisper “traitor” to the fur.
“Can I come into your personal space to give you and the other bunnies a treat?” Mom called out.
“Yes, I'll allow that,” Cola replied.
Now Mom laughed, Cola was all about the treats.

TEXTING FOR TREATS
“I'm going to text Mom and have her bring us some treats,” Cola declared.
Duster, Zoomer and Belle looked at her.
“How will you do that?” Duster asked.
“On a cell phone,” Cola said, hopping off to see Daddy.
She found him at the computer desk and nosebonked his ankle.
“Need you to text Mom for me,” Cola told him.
Dad stared at her, not sure he heard correctly.
“We need treats,” Cola stated.
“She's in the kitchen,” Dad replied.
“I want to text her. Ever since I sent the Treat Maker a bun-e-mail, I have been really trying to keep up to date on technology,” Cola periscoped, looking for Dad's cell phone.
Dad sighed and reached for his phone.
“OK, Hi, Mom, this is Cola, Dad is typing for me. Can you please bring us treats – good ones – when you leave the kitchen? Thank you,” Cola recited.
Dad was trying to type to keep up with her.
“I want to see you hit the send button!” Cola periscoped again.
Dad obliged.
“We should have treats any second now,” Cola was confident.
Then she heard the noise telling Mom she had a new text.
“Mom's phone is out here? She won't know she has a text from me!” Cola thumped.
“Maybe just go to the kitchen and ask her for a treat,” Dad suggested.
Cola's ears went back and she hopped to the kitchen.
“Mom, you got a new text message!”
“Thanks, Bear,” Mom replied.
A few seconds passed.
“You going to check your message?” Cola asked.
“When I am done in the kitchen,” Mom said.
Cola started to pace back and forth.
“I think it's pretty important. You need to check it now,” Bear insisted.
“If it was that important they would have called,” Mom assured the bunny.
“Called?” Cola said and hopped back to Dad. “I need you to call Mom on her cell phone.”
“No,” Dad said.
“Pardon?” Cola asked.
Dad shook his head.
That started a Cola-tastrophe, she hopped around and thumped until, yes, Dad called Mom's cell phone.
Mom hurried out of the kitchen and answered the phone.
“Hello?”
“Check your text messages,” Dad said.
Mom looked over at Dad and hung up her phone.
“Why are you calling me?” she asked.
Then she saw Cola periscoping, looking innocently at her parents.
“Oh, understood,” and Mom read her text message.
Cola was pacing again.
“Why didn't you just ask me for treats when you were in the kitchen?” Mom asked.
“Texting is the way all bears ask for treats,” Cola replied.
Not needing or wanting any further explanation, Mom got the bunnies a treat.
“I like technology when it involves treats,” Cola declared.

CATAPULT CORNER
“Hi, Zoomer, let me just put your pellets in that corner,” Mom said, hoping the Dutch bunny would scoot out of the way.
But Zoomer wasn't a morning bunny and Mom was inconveniencing him.
He didn't move.
Mom sighed and turned her attention to getting hay to put in the other corner. When she turned back, Zoomer wasn't in the pellet corner.
“Good boy!” Mom exclaimed, quickly placing the pellets where she wanted to.
Then she realized Zoomer wasn't in any corner, in fact he wasn't in his cage!
“Zoomer?” Mom looked around.
She saw his cute little tail disappearing out of the bunny room and into the living room.
“Zoomer! It's too early to tour!” Mom headed out and rounded him up.
Zoomer grumbled as he hopped back into his cage.
“Now I have to get you fresh water,” Mom closed the cage top to prevent another adventure.
When she came back in, she opened the cage, placed the water bowl down and it was perfect timing as Zoomer catapulted himself out of the same corner.
Mom sighed and followed Zoomer, this time he headed to the bedroom where Dad was sleeping.
“No!” Mom whispered. “Daddy needs more sleep.”
“If Zoomer up, Daddy up!” Zoomer was trying to nudge the door open but it was too heavy.
Once again he was rounded up and back to his cage.
“OK, I think that's everything,” Mom sighed.
“Hay,” Zoomer called out.
“Hey yourself,” Mom replied.
“I need hay!” Zoomer said.
“I forgot the hay,” Mom nodded.
As Mom went to place the hay in the corner opposite the pellets, Zoomer readied himself to hop to continue his tour.
However this time, Mom was ready. She used one hand to pet (or block, however you choose to interpret) Zoomer at the same time she placed his hay in the cage.
“You tricked me!” Zoomer thumped.
“No, I caught onto you and your catapult corner,” Mom smiled.
Zoomer grumbled.
“Bunny breakfast?” Mom asked Zoomer, Belle and Duster.
All three bunnies were happy to hear breakfast was on the way!

NOT A SPOT
Belle was binkying around the bunny room. She paused to groom The Spots when she heard Mom talking to Dad.
“It was so cute! The fawn was young enough to still have spots!” Mom exclaimed.
“Spots?” Belle whispered.
“Too cute. I haven't seen a fawn with spots in a long time!” Mom was really happy about this.
“What has spots?” Belle wondered.
She had to find out.
Belle thumped and then hopped out to the living room.
“What's all this talk about spots?” she demanded to know, ears back. “What's a fawn and why does it have spots?”
“A fawn is a baby deer and they have spots till they reach a certain age,” Dad said.
“What's a deer?” Belle asked.
Dad found a picture of a deer on the internet and showed Belle.
“That animal doesn't have spots,” Belle observed.
“No, they only have spots till they reach a certain age,” Mom repeated.
Belle sat down.
“I guess that's OK then. As long as their spots eventually go away,” Belle said. “The Spots were rather upset that other animals had spots.”
“Other bunnies have spots,” Dad said.
Belle actually rolled her eyes. “Of course they do. Bunnies and spots are meant to be.”
“But other animals have spots too,” Mom pretty much whispered.
Belle hopped by, ears back again.
“I beg your pardon?” she was pretty annoyed by this. “What other animals have spots?”
Dad showed Belle a picture of a Dalmatian and then a picture of a Leopard and then an Appaloosa horse as examples.
The bunny was obviously agitated by this.
“But, Belle, it's OK,” Mom assured her.
“How do you figure that?” Belle grumbled.
“Because you are the only bunny, the only animal, that has The Spots,” Mom replied.
That seemed to appease Belle.
“And I mean really those are dots, not spots,” Belle added. “The Spots and I have places to go and bunnies to see, mainly Zoomer, cause he's cute and he's my boyfriend.”
Mom and Dad nodded as Belle hopped off to tell Zoomer what she had learned about dots and spots.

BAD SPOT DAY
Belle had a grim expression on her face when she hopped up to Cola's cage.
“I need your advice,” Belle said.
Cola was busy munching on her pellets. “Uh huh?”
“You're the resident fur expert,” Belle was trying to remain composed.
“Fur” caught Cola's attention and she looked up at the white and spotted bunny.
Cola almost choked on her pellets. “How did you do that?”
“I did not do this,” Belle assured the black dwarf bunny.
Cola periscoped to look at Belle's fur. Her white fur was spectacular, her spots were not.
“How did that happen?” Cola questioned.
All of the fur associated with Belle's spots was all over the place.
“I don't know,” Belle admitted. “I have tried grooming The Spots and even tried negotiating with them. And yet, they look like this.”
Belle shook her head at the unruly spotted fur.
“You must have made them mad,” Cola guessed. “The Spots are usually very co-operative.”
“Yeah, usually...” Belle muttered.
Mom and Dad entered the living room and saw the two girl bunnies talking.
They also noticed The Spot situation.
“Look at you and your funky fur,” Dad commented.
“Dad, please, this is serious,” Cola scolded him.
“It involves fur,” Mom whispered to Dad.
Mom then tried to pet the fur back into place – nothing.
Dad got a brush – no difference.
Zoomer and Duster knew better than to get involved with any fur frenzies and watched quietly from their cages.
Cola even conferred with her fur.
“I'm sorry,” she sighed. “I am at a loss. My fur is shocked silent by The Spots situation.”
“I guess I am just having a bad spots day,” Belle sighed. “I love The Spots.”
All of a sudden, The Spots straightened up. Fur fell where it was supposed to.
“I guess The Spots just needed to know you cared,” Cola exclaimed.
“Wow,” Mom and Dad chorused, not sure what else to say.
“Silly Spots,” Belle smiled. “Thank you, Cola. Every bunny needs a treat!”
Mom and Dad knew their cue and headed to get the bunnies their treats.

NOISY NEIGHBOURS
“Grunt, grunt, grunt,” Zoomer mumbled as Mom tried to retrieve his water bowl to fill it with fresh water.
“OK, Zoomer, I know you're not a morning bunny,” Mom said. “But it's 1:30 pm.”
Zoomer grumbled something Mom couldn't understand.
“Why are you so cranky?” Mom asked.
“Noisy neighbours,” Zoomer said.
Mom and Dad hadn't heard anything from any of the neighbours the night before.
“When were they noisy?” Mom wondered.
“Not the humans,” Zoomer said. “My bunny neighbours.”
Mom looked at Belle and Duster.
“There was quite the Spot party last night,” Zoomer explained.
Belle nodded. “The Spots were pretty rowdy. Hopping all over the place.”
“And Duster was snoring. Not the cute Duster snoring, the ”I'm a freight train going through the bunny room over and over again” type of snoring,” Zoomer told Mom.
Duster was napping and didn't defend himself.
“Oh, I see,” Mom said.
“I can't take another night like that,” Zoomer sighed. “I don't like being a grumpy Dutch bunny.”
“Well hopefully tonight is better,” Mom agreed.
“I'll try to keep The Spots under control,” Belle promised.
“Oh I'll sleep better tonight,” Zoomer said. “As your roomie, I am bunking with you and Dad tonight.”
“Sure, that's fine,” Mom nodded. “Zoomer sleepover!”
That night …
Dad moved Zoomer's cage into the parents room.
“Can you put me on Mom's side of the bed?” Zoomer requested.
Dad obliged and turned off the light.
“Um, no night light?” Zoomer asked, the bunnies had one in their room.
“I can go get the one from the kitchen,” Dad sighed.
“Thanks!” Zoomer was moving his hay and bedding around to get ready to nap.
Dad plugged in the night light and he and Mom and Zoomer settled in.
Ten minutes passed and Zoomer thumped.
“What's wrong?” Mom asked.
“Dad is snoring,” Zoomer whispered.
“And Mom wasn't?” Dad asked sleepily.
“Of course Mom was snoring,” Zoomer replied. “But I need her to snore. Her snoring keeps away the Boogeybunny!”
“I'll try not to snore, but no promises,” Dad mumbled and went back to sleep.
Around 1:30 am, Mom and Dad were woken up by Zoomer grooming his feet.
“Really?” Dad asked.
Zoomer nodded. “I always groom my feet at this time.”
Mom and Dad fell back asleep.
Around 4:00 am, Zoomer decided to have an early snack.
“You chew loud for a little bunny,” Mom observed.
Zoomer nodded and kept on enjoying his pellets.
By 6:00 am, Mom and Dad were wide awake again as Zoomer decided to do laps in his cage.
“Do you actually ever sleep?” Dad asked the Dutch bunny.
“Of course I sleep!” Zoomer said. “I slept great last night.”
“When?” Mom asked.
“Must have been in between the foot grooming and the pellet buffet,” Dad muttered.
“Kinda crusty aren't we? You two need to get more sleep,” Zoomer sighed. “I guess you can take me back to the bunny room and you can try to sleep in since it is the weekend.”
“Good idea,” Dad agreed.
“That was a great sleepover!” Zoomer said. “Maybe we can do it again sometime!”
Mom and Dad just smiled and Dad took Zoomer's cage back to the bunny room.

FOOTBALL FOLLIES
Zoomer hopped up beside Mom on the couch.
“What are you watching?”
“Football,” Mom replied.
“Football,” Zoomer repeated, watching the game. “It should be called feetball. There's a lot of feet chasing that ball.”
Mom smiled.
Zoomer watched as one of the players kicked the football.
“Ouch!” Zoomer exclaimed.
“What's wrong?' Mom asked.
“That guy purposely used his foot to kick that ball!” Zoomer replied.
Mom nodded.
“Why would someone kick a ball on purpose? He could hurt his feet!”
Zoomer loved his feet. He took very good care of his feet, since they helped him hop so fast.
“That's a part of the game,” Mom answered.
“I'd never play a game where I could hurt my feet,” Zoomer declared.
Mom petted the Dutch bunny. “I know, you and your feet are best friends.”
Zoomer started to groom his feet. “I don't understand some of the things people do.”
“Me neither, Zoomer,” Mom said.
“Like I don't understand why sometimes people don't bring bunnies treats as soon as we sit down with them,” Zoomer looked at Mom.
“You're so subtle,” Mom laughed.
“Does that mean me and Duster and Belle are getting treats?” Zoomer wondered.
Mom nodded and headed to the kitchen to get the bunnies their treats.

FLIP FLOP LOP
Duster flopped onto his left side.
He stayed there for a moment and then got up and hopped a few inches.
Then he flopped onto his right side.
“Still not right,” he mumbled and got up.
Mom and Dad were watching the grey lop to see what he would do next.
Duster hopped to the other side of the room.
He had a very thoughtful expression on his face.
Then he dropped onto his right side again.
Duster stretched.
A few minutes passed and he hopped back up.
“This is not good,” Duster whispered, almost to himself.
“Everything alright, Dude?” Dad asked.
Duster bunny shrugged and headed for the parents bedroom.
Mom and Dad followed, their curiosity growing.
Duster chose a few different places in the bedroom to flop. He alternated sides and would lay there for a few moments and then declare it was “not good.”
Duster left the bedroom and headed for the kitchen.
This time he flopped on his left side in front of the fridge.
But that apparently was still not what he had hoped for.
“Can we help you at all?” Mom questioned.
“No,” Duster replied, hopping around the living room. “I have to do this on my own.”
Mom and Dad sat on the couch, waiting to see what the outcome would be.
Duster hopped from one side of the room to the other, flopped, got back up and then flopped in another place.
Even Zoomer and Belle were curious as to what the grey lop was up to.
Duster sighed. He hopped back up to his cage. He paused, surveying the carpet in front of his cage door.
And he flopped.
Mom, Dad, Zoomer and Belle waited.
Duster stretched.
And then Duster started to lightly snore.
Mom and Dad exchanged looks.
Zoomer and Belle grinned at each other.
“He had to find the perfect place to nap,” Belle whispered.
Mom and Dad understood now. It was one pm – Duster's daily nap time.
Everyone and every bun was quiet so Duster could enjoy his well deserved nap.

WALKING ON THE SPOT
Mom looked outside. It was raining.
Zoomer was stretched out on the couch, curious as to what Mom was up to.
“The sky's all wet,” Zoomer said.
Mom nodded. “No walk outside today.”
Then Mom started going through some DVD's next to the TV.
“What are you looking for?” Zoomer sat up.
“Just cause it's raining doesn't mean I can't get a walk in,” Mom said. “I have some walk at home dvd's I can use.”
“How does that work?” Zoomer asked.
“I put the dvd in and walk on the spot,” Mom replied.
“You're walking on The Spots?” Belle's voice floated from the rabbit room into the living room.
“Nope, walking on the spot. Meaning I walk in the same spot on the floor,” Mom replied.
“OK, The Spots were confused,” Belle called back and resumed eating her hay.
Zoomer was curious to see how this worked. Mom popped in the dvd and started the warm up steps, never moving from her place on the carpet.
“Will you wear out the floor?” Zoomer asked.
Mom laughed. “It'd take a lot of walking to do that.”
“I want to try,” Zoomer said.
The Dutch bunny started to hop in place on the couch.
“Good work, Zoomer!” Mom encouraged her bunny.
30 minutes passed, Mom did the full workout and Zoomer alternated between hopping in place on the couch and cheering for Mom.
“Wow I worked up quite the sweat!” Mom sat down beside Zoomer.
“Me too!” Zoomer periscoped. “I worked up an appetite. I need a treat, so do Duster and Belle. They were cheering for you from the rabbit room.”
“I could go for a healthy treat too,” Mom said. “Carrots all around!”
And off Mom went to get everybun and herself a well deserved carrot!

THE LAST STRAW
Mom and Dad were working on the morning routine of topping up the bunnies supplies for the day.
Mom was on water patrol while Dad added hay and pellets as needed.
Zoomer looked at where Dad placed the hay in his cage. It was obvious the Dutch bunny was not happy.
“What's wrong?” Dad asked.
“That's not where Mommy puts it,” Zoomer said.
“Don't be afraid to try something different,” Dad replied, adding hay to Belle's cage.
Belle started to dig through the hay right away.
Zoomer was still not happy. “But where Mommy puts the hay is where it's supposed to be.”
“Is that a law?” Dad asked.
“Well you said that Mommy is the boss so that means she knows what she is doing and where the hay goes,” Zoomer replied.
“When did I say that?” Dad wondered.
Mom came back into the bunny room, water bowls in hand.
“It was last week when you said Mom was bossy,” Zoomer replied.
Mom looked at Dad.
Dad looked at Zoomer.
“Doesn't “bossy” mean she's the boss?” Zoomer questioned.
“Not quite,” Mom answered.
“Oh was that one of those things I wasn't supposed to repeat out loud?” Zoomer whispered to Dad.
Dad smiled and nodded.
“OK, I know for next time,” Zoomer said.
The conversation was interrupted by Belle's furious digging.
Mom, Dad, Zoomer and Duster watched as she flipped the hay around.
“Whatcha looking for?” Duster asked.
“I'll know when I find it!” Belle exclaimed.
She hopped to the other side of the cage and started nibbling on a piece of hay. “No.”
Belle repeated the process over and over, digging, changing her location in the cage and then momentarily nomming a piece of hay.
“Can we help at all?” Mom inquired.
“No thank you, me and The Spots will know it when we see it,” Belle assured everyone.
Dig, hop, sample a piece of hay and repeat.
“Yay! I found it!” Belle binkied.
Mom, Dad, Zoomer and Duster all looked to see what “it” was.
What they saw was Belle eating a piece of timothy hay.
“Give us a hint,” Duster said.
“I found the best piece of hay in the bunch!” Belle said happily.
“It was literally the last piece she hadn't tried yet,” Dad chuckled.
“The last straw!” Zoomer added.
“She saved the best for last!” Mom said.
“Wow, I didn't know my piece of hay meant so much to everyone,” Belle stated.
“How about some bunny breakfast to go with that very important piece of hay?” Mom suggested.
And there were three very happy bunnies!

DON'T BUG A BEAR
“Good morning, bunnies! Time for breakfast!” Mom was wide awake and cheerful.
Cola and Duster were out for their morning hop around the apartment and were very happy to hear breakfast was on time.
Mom walked into the kitchen.
And walked right back out again.
Zoomer and Belle peered from their cages, no bunny had ever seen Mom do that before.
“Where's breakfast?” Cola asked, hopping up to Mom.
“In the kitchen,” Mom replied. “And that's where it will stay till Daddy gets home.”
Duster hopped up to join Mom and Cola where the carpet met the tile floor. “How come?”
“There's a bug in the kitchen,” Mom answered.
“And?” Cola asked.
“It's a big bug,” Mom added.
“So?” Cola continued.
“Mommy does not do well with buggies,” Mom moved a few steps back from the kitchen.
“Me neither,” Duster admitted.
“We can wait for Daddy to get home,” Belle and Zoomer agreed, not wanting to stress out Mom.
Cola, however, did not agree.
“I want a treat. No bug is going to stop me from having a treat!” Cola declared.
Mom looked at Bear.
“Wait here, I'll deal with this!” and Cola darted into the kitchen.
Mom and Duster looked at each other.
The kitchen was quiet – too quiet.
“Cola?” Mom called out.
No reply.
Then there was a loud bang and a thump followed by more banging and thumping.
Then silence.
“It was a big bug,” Mom whispered.
“But not as big as this bear!” Cola hopped out of the kitchen.
Three bunnies and Mom cheered.
“There goes the buggy,” Cola motioned to the door of the apartment.
Mom looked just in time to see the spider scurry under the door.
“Can we have breakfast now?” Cola asked.
“Certainly,” Mom said.
She entered the kitchen. The broom and mop were knocked over. The garbage can had been moved as well. That explained all the banging.
Mom was happy to clean up the mess if it meant the bug was gone!
And four bunnies were very happy to have breakfast on time.

WEARING IT WRONG
“Oh poor Mommy,” Belle exclaimed.
Mom stopped and looked at her bunny.
“Oh no, such a shame,” Belle said.
“What's wrong?” Mom asked.
“Your shirt,” Belle sighed.
Mom looked at her white shirt. She usually didn't wear white because she has a habit of spilling things.
“My shirt? What's wrong with it? There's no stains or spots,” Mom replied.
“Exactly,” Belle stated.
“But it's a good thing there are no stains,” Mom said.
“But no spots!” Belle thumped.
“Not every shirt has spots,” Mom replied.
Belle knew she had to explain her bunny logic. “I am a white bunny. I have spots. That is a white shirt. It should have spots. White bunny with spots, white shirt with spots.”
“But not all white shirts have spots,” Mom said.
“Their loss,” Belle commented. “They are defective.”
“OK, but our bunny Ruby was white and she didn't have spots,” Mom said.
“Not all white bunnies have spots, Mom!” Belle rolled her eyes.
“But...” Mom started to say.
Belle looked at her.
“You know what, I think today I'll wear a blue shirt,” Mom said.
“Oh! Blue is lovely and your favourite colour!” Belle binkied.
And off Mom went to change to a less complicated shirt, making Belle very happy.

LISTENING TO LULLABYES
Zoomer hopped as fast as he could to the living room.
“Dad! Hurry up! Come on!” Zoomer raced around Dad's feet.
“What's wrong?” Dad asked.
“Come on, you're gonna miss it!” Zoomer insisted and started to nosebonk Dad towards the bunny room.
When Dad entered the room, he saw Mom sitting on the floor in front of the cages. Bunny bedtime breakfast had been distributed already.
“What am I going to miss?” Dad asked.
“Shhh,” Zoomer said and hopped into his cage. “OK, Mommy.”
Mom smiled at Dad.
“What's going on?” Dad wondered.
“The bunnies think you need to learn the entire bedtime bunny breakfast routine,” Mom said.
“They get treats and I tell them good night,” Dad answered.
“Well yes, but you need to sing to us,” Duster said.
“It helps us and The Spots sleep,” Belle replied. “And you know what The Spots are like if they can't sleep.”
“Sing?” Dad whispered to Mom.
“Uh-huh,” Mom was trying not to smile.
“Mom has songs she made up for us!” Zoomer told Dad.
“Great...” Dad sighed.
“OK, Mom!” Zoomer said.
Mom took a deep breath, reminding the bunnies she wasn't a professional singer by any means.
“Bunnies, I've got bunnies, Bunnies, bunnies, everywhere,
Bunnies, I've got bunnies, Duster sits underneath my chair.
Bunnies, I've got bunnies, Bunnies, bunnies, everywhere,
Bunnies, I've got bunnies, Zoomer's hopping over there.
Bunnies, I've got bunnies, Bunnies, bunnies, everywhere,
Bunnies, I've got bunnies, Belle and The Spots are quite a pair.”
“Awesome!” Zoomer said.
“You have that memorized?” Belle asked Dad.
“Um, I'll work on it,” Dad promised.
“Next!” Duster requested.
“There's more?” Dad whispered.
“This one is another favourite,” Mom said and started to sing. “Zoomer's my roomie, Duster's a dude, Baby Belle has spots, all my bunnies love food.”
“Marvelous,” Belle said.
“Maybe Mom can record herself singing these songs and I can just play them for you, in case she isn't here some night at bunny bedtime?” Dad was desperate to not have to try to remember all the lyrics.
Mom laughed.
“I guess that would be OK,” Duster said.
Zoomer and Belle agreed.
Dad sighed with relief as the bunnies drifted off to dream.

SLEEP STRATEGY
It was 2:30 am and Dad needed a drink of water. Out to the kitchen he went, took a drink and as he was placing the glass in the sink, he accidentally knocked a plastic cup onto the floor.
“Oops,” Dad whispered, picking the cup up.
But it was too late.
“Mom!” Zoomer's voice floated out of the bunny room.
Mom sighed.
“Mom, Dad woke me up!” Zoomer grumbled.
“I know, Zoomer,” Mom replied.
“Mom, I am not happy about this!” Zoomer said.
“I know, Zoomie, but it was an accident,” Mom stated.
“Mom, I know but he woke me up!” Zoomer repeated.
“I'm sorry, Zoomer,” Dad apologized. “Every bunny back to sleep.”
“Duster is still asleep – I'm the one you woke up,” Zoomer grunted.
Mom got out of bed, walked into the bunny room and looked at Zoomer and Dad. “You two need to spend time together till you're ready to go back to sleep. Don't wake up Duster either. I'm going back to bed.”
Dad and Zoomer looked at each other.
“Can you groom your feet? Maybe that will make you sleepy,” Dad suggested.
Zoomer glared at him. “No bunny grooms their feet at 2:30 am.”
“But you groom yours at 7:30 am like clockwork,” Dad said.
“That's MY preferred foot grooming time,” Zoomer replied.
“Oh, OK,” Dad said. “Are you tired yet?”
Zoomer shook his head. “No, are you?”
“Nope,” Dad replied.
“Duster didn't even flinch when that cup fell,” Zoomer was almost in awe of the Lop's ability to sleep.
“But if we bring in food he'll be wide awake, hop up like he won the lottery,” Dad said.
Zoomer nodded.
“Maybe we should study him,” Dad suggested.
Zoomer and Dad started to stare at Duster, looking for any hints as to what his sleep strategy was.
Time passed …
Dad yawned and then Zoomer did.
“Wow this studying makes me tired,” Zoomer said.
“Me too,” Dad agreed. “Guess it's time to go back to bed.”
“Good night, Dad,” Zoomer whispered.
“Night, Zoomie,” Dad replied.
And Dad and Zoomer settled in for the rest of a good night's sleep, until 7:30 am when Zoomer started to groom his feet ...

CREATING A CAREER
“Mom!” Zoomer called out as he hopped to where Mom was sitting in the living room.
“Yes, Zoomie?” Mom asked.
“I want a job or career, whatever is easiest,” the brown and white Dutch bunny said.
Mom smiled. “And what sort of job or career would you like?”
Zoomer periscoped. “I don't know. Maybe you can help me figure that out.”
“Let's talk about your skills and qualifications,” Mom suggested. “Things you're good at.”
Zoomer sat down beside Mom on the couch. She reached for a pad of paper and a pen.
“OK, I'm definitely cute,” Zoomer said.
Mom nodded.
“And I like to eat timothy hay and pellets,” he added. “And I love bananas, even though you only give us small pieces, I still love nanners.”
Mom added that to the list.
“I have awesome feet,” Zoomer stated. “And they are always well groomed.”
Mom laughed as Zoomer was well known for his dedication to his feet grooming routine.
“I can flop really good, which is important when it is break time,” Zoomer made sure Mom added that to the list.
Mom kept writing.
“Oh and when I flick my feet I can fling my poop pretty far!” Zoomer exclaimed.
Mom nodded, she found his poop pretty high up on the wall behind his cage.
“I think that's a pretty good list,” Mom said.
“So what sort of job or career would I be good at?” Zoomer was curious.
Mom looked over the list.
“You know, I think you are best suited to be an adorable bunny,” Mom said.
“But that's what I already am!” Zoomer replied.
Mom nodded.
“Is that really a job or career?” Zoomer asked.
“Not really. It's just you being who are you and that's the most wonderful Dutch bunny we could have in our family,” Mom replied. “You let me and Daddy have the jobs and careers and you focus on being you.”
Zoomer binkied. “Works for me!”
“Break time?” Mom asked.
“Treat time,” Zoomer confirmed and followed Mom to the kitchen for a treat for him and Duster.

SOCK SITTING
“Mom! You have a hitchhiker!” Zoomer called out.
Mom peeked back in the bunny room where she had been putting away laundry. The bunnies were nice and let their parents keep some of their clothes in that closet.
“A hitchhiker?” Mom asked.
Zoomer motioned to the sock laying in the middle of the floor.
“Oh that's one of Grandma's socks,” Mom picked it up. She and Dad sometimes did their laundry at the bunny's grandparents house.
“She's going to miss it,” Duster said.
“No worries, we'll take good care of it till we get it back to her,” Mom assured the bunnies. “We'll sock sit.”
Duster and Zoomer stared at Mom.
“You know, like babysitting but this is a sock,” Mom said.
The two bunnies continued to stare so Mom explained babysitting and how watching the sock would be sock sitting.
“Can we help?” Duster asked.
“Sure, I can leave the sock in here if you'd like?” Mom suggested.
Duster and Zoomer nodded.
“Can you put it between our cages?” Zoomer asked.
Mom obliged and placed the sock on the floor between the cages, making a mental note it would have to be washed when they took it back to Grandma.
A bit of time passed and Mom wandered back into the rabbit room. Duster and Zoomer were both staring at the sock.
“Um, Mom, do you know when the sock is going back to Grandma? Watching it like this is kind of boring,” Duster said.
“You don't have to actually stare at it,” Mom sighed.
It was Zoomer's turn to hop around the apartment so Mom opened his cage and the Dutch bunny hurried out.
“I'll be back in a minute, OK, Zoomie?” Mom said.
“Sounds good,” Zoomer replied and set about moving the sock from in between his and Duster's cages.
Mom returned a moment later and found Zoomer sitting on the sock.
“Zoomer?” she looked at him.
“I'm sitting on it, you know sock sitting,” Zoomer replied.
“You two are very literal when it comes to this task,” Mom commented.
“We take our sock sitting seriously,” Duster confirmed.
“Maybe a little too seriously,” Mom sighed. “Anybun want a treat?”
“Can the sock have one?” Zoomer asked.
“Don't think socks and treats really work well together,” Mom said.
“It wouldn't be polite to have a treat if the sock can't,” Duster informed Mom.
“Point taken, no treats till the sock is back at Grandma's,” Mom replied.
Duster and Zoomer looked at each other. “When will that be?”
“Probably next weekend,” Mom answered.
“Seven days from now?” Zoomer gasped.
Mom nodded.
“Maybe you can keep the sock in your room?” Duster suggested. “I mean, you are the adult, responsible and all that.”
Zoomer hopped off the sock.
“Sounds like a plan,” Mom agreed and picked up the sock. “You two did great watching the sock. Now since the sock will be in my room, would you like a treat?”
Two bunnies assured Mom that would be fantastic.

SLEEPY FEET
Mom had been sitting cross-legged on the couch. When she went to get up, she was in for a surprise.
“Oh no!” Mom exclaimed, sitting right back down.
Zoomer hopped up. “What's wrong?”
“My feet are asleep!” Mom said, rubbing her feet, trying to get rid of the tingling sensation.
“Your feet are asleep?” Zoomer was curious.
He hopped close to her feet, his ears twitching.
Mom looked at him.
“I don't hear anything,” Zoomer said.
“What would you hear?” Mom asked.
“Well when you sleep you snore, so I thought your feet would snore too!” Zoomer replied.
Mom stopped rubbing her feet. “No, sorry to disappoint but my feet do not snore.”
“Too bad, that would have been kind of neat,” Zoomer said.
Then the Dutch bunny had to ask how Mom's feet fell asleep. So Mom explained.
“Wow, I'm glad my feet never fall asleep. That's be really annoying if I tried to hop and couldn't because they were napping!” Zoomer stated.
Mom nodded. The tingling sensation was starting to leave.
“Is there anything else you can do to wake them up?” Zoomer asked.
“I can try walking now that they are feeling better,” Mom said.
“Oh you could walk to the kitchen to get me and Duster a treat!” Zoomer suggested.
“I could definitely do that,” Mom agreed and off she went, accomplishing two things at one – waking up her feet and getting her bunnies a treat!

THE PERFECT PUMPKIN
Duster, Zoomer and Belle love Halloween.
This year, Duster decided he was going to be a bunny taking a nap. It was a pretty simple costume, just needed a blankie, a stuffed toy to cuddle with and a night cap.
Zoomer was going to be a vampire. All he needed was a black cape.
Belle opted to be a Princess, and The Spots approved. She picked out a dazzling tiara, also approved of by The Spots.
“Now, Duster, you still have to hop from room to room to get your treats,” Mom said.
“OK, I take nap in between,” Duster replied.
Mom and Dad tried not to laugh. Duster Dude loves his naps.
“We need to put up some decorations,” Dad told the bunnies.
Mom and Dad opened up a bin that contained their Halloween themed items.
Duster and Zoomer and Belle nodded their approval or disapproval of each item.
“We have to carve a pumpkin too,” Mom said.
Then she and Dad set about carving the pumpkin.
“Neat!” Belle binkied. “The Spots love it.”
“I have an idea,” Dad said.
Mom looked at him.
“I think The Spots will love this even more,” Dad replied. “Keep the bunnies busy.”
“Who wants a treat?” Mom questioned.
Three bunnies binkied.
Mom went to the kitchen to get the treats while Dad added to the jack-o-lantern.
The bunnies received their treats and happily munched on them till Daddy reappeared with the pumpkin.
“May I have your attention please?” Dad asked.
He motioned for Mom to shut off the lights.
“WOW!” Zoomer exclaimed.
“Neat!” Duster agreed.
But it was Belle that was the most impressed.
“It has spots!”
Dad had carved holes in the back part of the pumpkin. When it was illuminated with the battery operated candle the spooky face and spots shone brightly.
“I think we are ready for Halloween,” Mom said.
Three bunnies, The Spots and Dad agreed.

THE POOP PROMISE
Hunter hopped in and out of his cage.
Leaving poop behind with each hop. Some of it was in his cage and some of it was outside of his cage.
Mom walked by and noticed the poop outside the cage.
Mom returned a few minutes later with a tissue and gathered up the poop, throwing it in the garbage.
While Mom was doing this, the baby Mini Rex rabbit had been munching on some timothy hay inside his cage.
Hunter hopped back out and looked for the poop he had so carefully and strategically placed.
“Gone!” he whispered.
Hunter looked all around.
“No poop!” he exclaimed.
Duster and Zoomer looked up.
“Mom probably took it,” Duster said.
“Why?” Hunter asked. “Lots of hard work.”
Zoomer nodded. “Oh believe us, we know, she always collects our poop outside the cage or litter area and throws it in the garbage.”
“Mom collects poop?” Hunter asked. “Garbage?”
“The trash,” Duster answered.
“What's trash?” Hunter hadn't heard that word before.
“Oh it's stuff the humans think is no good. So they throw it away,” Zoomer replied.
“It was good poop!” Hunter thumped.
“Humans don't see it that way,” Duster said.
At this time, Mom wandered into the bunny room.
Hunter periscoped and looked at her. “Collect and throw out my poop?”
“I will when I clean your cage today,” Mom promised.
“You already did throw it out!” Hunter thumped.
Mom paused. “Oh the poop on the floor.”
“Yes! Mine!” Hunter was not a happy baby bunny.
“I throw out all poop,” Mom assured him.
“But I worked hard to make that poop!” Hunter said.
Mom could see Hunter was not happy. “How about this for a compromise – I'll give you an extra treat, all three of you, so you can make some extra poop? Now I will be collecting that poop and throwing it out, but you can make more!”
Duster, Zoomer and Hunter looked at each other.
“Deal!” they chorused and off Mom went to get them the promised extra treat.

A COMPLAINT BY COLA
Cola hopped up to Mom and Dad, dropping a crumpled chewed up piece of paper in front of them.
Mom had seen this before.
Dad picked it up.
“It's official,” Cola stated and hopped away.
Mom and Dad looked at each other.
“Do you know what this means?” Dad asked.
Mom sighed. “No, but whatever it is she means business and we need to talk to her.”
The bunny parents found Cola cuddled up with Duster.
“That was fast,'” the black dwarf bunny said.
“Pardon?” Mom asked.
Cola periscoped. “Why are you empty-handed? Where are the treats?”
“What treats?” Dad questioned.
Cola sighed loudly. “Did you not read my formal complaint?”
Mom and Dad shook their heads.
“That crumpled up chewed paper?” Dad asked. “That was a complaint?”
“I expect better from you,” Cola said. “I have filed an complaint with the Treat Authorization Committee.”
“The who?” Dad asked.
“The committee that authorize the number of treats we receive each day,” Cola said. “You and Mom are in violation of the Treat Authorization Committee rules.”
“How did we do that?” Mom asked.
“Not enough daily treats,” Cola replied.
“You get lots of treats!” Dad protested.
“Not according to their data,” Cola answered.
“Who is on this committee?” Mom questioned.
“It's confidential,” Cola retorted.
“OK, so that means that YOU are the Treat Regulation Committee,” Mom said.
“Maybe ...” Cola muttered. “However, there is no negotiation of this violation with the Treat Authorization Committee.”
“Then I guess you get no more treats,” Dad said. “That was easy.”
The fur on Cola's back started to manifest into a mohawk.
“Pardon?” she asked.
“No treats,” Dad said.
Cola hopped to Mom and started to scratch at her ankles. “Hey, I didn't stop the treats.”
“I can't attack Daddy,” Cola said.
Mom rolled her eyes. “OK, enough. How many treats do you think you are being denied each day?”
“Too many! We need unlimited treats,” Cola said.
Dad shook his head no and Cola attacked Mom's ankles again.
“You're going to have bunny breakfast, bunny bedtime breakfast and one other treat,” Mom said, moving out of the ankle attack area.
“But …” Cola started.
“That's better than no treats,” Dad said.
“Fine!” Cola thumped. “But I'm telling you the Committee is not happy about this.”
Dad smiled. “How about we give the Committee and her associates, aka Duster, Zoomer and Belle, a special treat – for being so understanding?”
Cola nodded. “We're good with that. Hurry before we change our minds!”
And the bunny parents did as requested, not wanting to anger the Treat Authorization Committee any further.

BUNNY GUARD
“I am your official guard bunny,” Zoomer told his Mom.
“Aw, that's really nice to hear,” Mom said.
“I'll protect you from anything and everything,” Zoomer declared.
“Scary,” Hunter whispered, nibbling on hay.
Zoomer paused. “Good point.”
Zoomer and Hunter could be rather timid bunnies at times.
“Um, if it's something really scary, you may need to call for a backup guard bunny or maybe Hunter will take care of those things.”
Hunter shook his head. “Food.”
Mom looked over. Hunter had pellets and hay.
“Okay, I see,” Zoomer replied. “Hunter will be my backup or replacement if there is food involved in any way.”
Hunter nodded.
“So just to clarify, if it is something scary, I'll have to call for backup, maybe Hunter?” Mom said.
“Only if there is food involved,” Zoomer repeated.
“And if there is no food involved, I'll have to replace both of you?” Mom asked.
“That sounds right,” Zoomer agreed.
“Feet,” Hunter added, in between a mouthful of pellets and then returning to nibble on his hay.
“Oh right,” Zoomer sighed.
Mom waited to hear this.
“If it involves my feet getting dirty or possibly injured, I can't help you,” Zoomer said.
Mom tried not to laugh. “Sounds like we have a pretty good agreement then.”
Hunter nodded and Zoomer binkied.
“Happy to help, Mom,” Zoomer said. “Anytime.”

THE COLLECTION CORRECTION
Hunter hopped around the bunny room.
“Wow! Lots of bunnies,” he nosebonked a resin lop on the bottom shelf that was a bit bigger than he was.
Zoomer nodded. “Yes, mom collects bunny related items … as you can tell.”
Duster was just getting ready to take his nap. “Mom's always adding to the collection.”
“Collection,” Hunter whispered. “I need one!”
“A collection?” Zoomer asked,
Hunter nodded.
“Of what?” Zoomer wondered.
Hunter sat in between a couple of resin Dutch bunny lawn ornaments.
“Not sure, need to think!” the baby bunny announced.
Later that afternoon when Mom came to clean the cages …
“How cute, Hunter, you arranged your poop into piles!” Mom chuckled.
Hunter hopped into his cage.
Mom scooped up one pile and then was about to begin on the second poop pile when Hunter hopped onto the mini dustpan Mom used.
“No! Mine!” Hunter said.
“Yes, it is your poop,” Mom agreed, waiting for him to hop off the dustpan.
“My collection,” Hunter informed her.
“Pardon?” Mom asked.
“My collection,” Hunter repeated.
“Your collecting poop?” Mom asked.
Hunter nodded.
“No, I'm afraid that won't work,” Mon replied.
“But you have bunny collection,” Hunter looked around the room.
Mom nodded. “Yes, I do but they aren't made of poop.”
“I work hard on this collection,” Hunter thumped.
“I know you did,” Mom agreed. “But you still can't keep it.”
Hunter frowned.
“Well, I guess you could collect your poop on a daily basis, as long as you understand that at the end of the day, it has to go to the garbage,” Mom said.
Hunter seemed alright with this, especially when he realized he could eat treats to help him with the collection!

HAPPY HOLIDAYS, HUNTER!
“Pssst! Zoomer!” Mom motioned for the Dutch bunny to come to her.
Zoomer hopped over.
“This is Hunter's first Christmas,” Mom said. “We always do something special for a bunny's first Christmas.”
Zoomer nodded.
“I need your help,” Mom told him. “I want to tell Hunter about Santa Paws and reindeer and elves.”
“That's easy,” Zoomer said.
Mom smiled.
Zoomer's ears went back. “Why do I think it's too easy?”
“I need you to wear costumes,” Mom blurted. “An elf hat, reindeer antlers and a Santa hat and maybe a beard.”
Zoomer's ears remained flat against his head.
“You know 'Ho, Ho, Ho!'” Mom tried to sell Zoomer on the idea.
“No, no, no!” Zoomer thumped all the way back to his cage.
Hunter heard the noise and hopped up. “What's wrong?”
“Nothing,” Mom assured the baby bunny. “Zoomer woke up on the wrong side of his cage. He's not a morning bunny, even if it is the afternoon.”
Zoomer scrunched up his nose and grunted.
“Fine,” he mumbled.
“Pardon?” Mom asked.
“I'll help with the project,” Zoomer said. “And just for the record, my cage does not have a bad side!”
He hopped back out of his cage and followed Mom to the living room.
Hunter persicoped to see what all the excitement was.
Mom appeared a few minutes later.
“Hunter, in honour of your first Christmas, Zoomer is going to help me tell you all about Santa Paws!” Mom exclaimed.
“Who?” Hunter asked.
“A jolly old fella that brings presents to good bunnies all over the world,” Mom replied.
“Presents?” Hunter wondered.
“Yes, presents are ...” Mom paused. “Treats!”
Hunter understood that word.
Mom proceeded to tell Hunter all about the elves that helped Santa Paws make the presents.
“Come on, Zoomer, let's show Hunter what an elf looks like!” Mom called.
Zoomer hopped into the bunny room, wearing a green elf hat.
“Wow!” Hunter was impressed.
Zoomer nodded and then he and Mom left the room quickly so he could put on the reindeer antlers.
A moment later as Mom told Hunter about the reindeer that pull Santa Paws sleigh, Zoomer appeared with antlers.
Then the high point of the story, Santa Paws himself!
Mom and Zoomer exited. Mom went back to the bunny room to introduce Santa Paws ...
Zoomer hopped back in wearing a red Santa hat and a white beard.
“Ho, ho, ho!” Zoomer exclaimed as he entered the room.
“Santa Paws!” Hunter binkied around his cage. “I've been a good bunny! Treats, please!”
Zoomer paused and Mom winked at him.
She had been prepared for the treats request and made sure both Hunter and Zoomer got some.
“Thanks, Zoomer,” Mom said. “This is a first Christmas Hunter won't forget.”
“You're welcome,” Zoomer replied.
“Merry Christmas, every bunny!” Hunter binkied around his cage.
From our family to yours, wishing everyone and everybun a Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays, Season's Greetings and all the best for 2015.

TREASURE HUNTER
Hop.
Hop.
Hop.
Flop.
“Aw so cute!” Hunter said and stretched out across the magazine pages Mom was reading.
“Thanks,” Mom said, trying to read around the bunny.
“You say to me!” Hunter said.
Mom laughed, he was so subtle.
“Aw, Hunter, you're so cute.”
“Thanks!” Hunter hopped up. “Doing?”
“Reading a story about a treasure hunter,” Mom explained.
“Treasure?” the mini Rex rabbit asked.
“Treasure is like treats,” Mom replied.
Hunter binkied. “I'm Hunter!”
Mom smiled.
“Treat Hunter!” Hunter said. “Treasure Hunter.”
“I can see that,” Mom replied. “You need a map to the treasure.”
Mom got up and quickly drew a “map” for Hunter to follow to his treasure.
Mom placed it in front of the bunny. He looked at it and off he hopped. Hunter went from room to room.
He ended up in the kitchen. He persicoped at the fridge.
“Very good,” Mom said. “That is the treasure chest!” 
“Me and Zoomer?” Hunter asked.
“You certainly earned your treats!” Mom agreed and gave her bunnies their treasured Romaine lettuce.

THE COLA COLLECTION
Cola looked around the room. She shook her head and hopped up to where Mom stood.
The black dwarf rabbit gave Mom her customary bite on the ankle to let her know they needed to talk.
Mom looked at Bear. “Yes, Cola?”
“We need to talk about your collection of bunny themed items again,” Cola periscoped.
“And why is that?” Mom asked.
“It's out of control!” Cola exclaimed. “You keep adding to it.”
“And I assure you I am not using any of your treat money on it,” Mom replied.
“Good to know,” Cola said. “But you have to set a limit.”
“Do you have a set treat limit?” Mom questioned.
“Um, no and we won't go there,” Cola mumbled.
Cola looked around the room.
“I have an idea, how this collection of yours can be made acceptable to me,” Cola had to share her idea of a compromise.
Mom sat down on the couch, never knowing what Cola's ideas could lead to.
“You can keep adding to your collection, if all your bunnies look like me!”
Mom blinked. “Pardon?”
“All your bunnies, current ones included, need to look like me,” Cola hopped up on the couch. “That has got to be one of my greatest ideas yet.”
Mom shook her head to show she did not agree.
“Why not? All of your bunnies looking like me would be amazing. It may take you awhile to paint or dye them … hey that could be a new hobby for you. I am just full of fantastic ideas!” Cola binkied.
Mom again shook her head “no.”
“Will you think about it, even consider it?” Cola asked.
“Would you consider never having a treat again?” Mom posed the question to her Bear.
“NEVER!” Cola thumped.
“Then you have my answer as well,” Mom replied. “I am always looking for bunny themed items that look like you though.”
“And I'm always looking for a treat,” Cola said.
“I can take a hint,” Mom smiled and went to get Bear and the other bunnies a treat.

BELLY HOPS
“How annoying!” Mom muttered, walking past the bunny room.
Hunter and Zoomer's ears perked up.
“Argh!” Mom muttered, she was obviously frustrated with something.
Zoomer laid back down but Hunter was curious.
Mom went into the bunny room to top up their food and water.
Hunter observed Mom closely, trying to figure out what was wrong.
Then he saw Mom's stomach pop in and out and she made a weird noise.
“Oh my gosh, that is getting to me,” Mom said.
Hunter watched as it happened again.
Mom saw Hunter's eyes get big. “It's OK, Hunter. I just have the hiccups.”
“Belly hop,” Hunter whispered.
“Pardon?” Mom asked.
“Your belly hops!” Hunter exclaimed.
“My belly hops?” Mom looked at her stomach and hiccuped. “I guess it kind of does.”
And Mom laughed.
And the hiccups went away!
“Stopped!” Hunter said.
Mom nodded and gave him a noserub. “You helped cure my hiccups!”
“Welcome!” Hunter flopped, happy he could help out his Mommy.

CURTAIN CALL
Mom heard her cell phone ringing and ran from the bedroom to the living room to get it.
However, Cola interrupted when she hopped in front of Mom.
“No! You can't answer it!” Cola insisted.
The phone had stopped ringing by then.
Mom looked at the black Dwarf bunny.
“It's too late,” Cola said.
“It's too late to answer it but maybe they left a message,” Mom tried to walk around Cola Bear.
Cola again blocked the way.
“Mom, it's too late for your phone,” Cola said. “Look where it is and who has it.”
Mom looked to see her phone on coffee table, a curtain draped over it.
“You think the curtains have taken over my phone?” Mom asked.
“I know it! Look! The curtain answered that call. It was a curtain call!” Cola thumped.
Mom sat down.
“Now that the curtains have a cell phone, it's only a matter of time till they all show up here!” Cola's fur was starting to form a mohawk on her back.
“Calm down, Bear, I am sure we can figure this out,” Mom was curious as to who had called.
Then there was the chiming noise that alerted Mom a text message had been sent.
That sent Cola into a frenzy, hopping back and forth.
“It's a textile message! They know how to type now too!”
Mom sat on the floor beside Cola.
“I have a plan. If we can distract the curtain, I can get my phone back. I'll erase the message and our curtains will never know what the other curtains in the world were trying to tell them,” Mom said.
Cola calmed down. “You might actually have a good idea.”
Mom tried not to smile. “Thanks. So I need you to hop onto the couch and make as much noise as you can. I'll get the phone.”
Cola catapulted onto the couch. She thumped and dug at the fabric while Mom stealthily got close to the curtain and grabbed her phone. Mom quickly read the text message and deleted it and checked to see who had called.
“Good work, Bear! We saved my phone and the world from curtains,” Mom petted Cola.
“I guess I have to spend more time on curtain patrol. They're getting into technology now,” Cola sighed. “Get me a treat while I brief Zoomer and Duster and Belle on this.”
Mom laughed at how Cola already knew she was getting a treat.
“10/4, Bear, treats on the way!” Mom promised.

HINTS FOR HUNTER
“Ideas?” Hunter asked Zoomer.
The Dutch dwarf bunny looked at his Mini Rex friend.
“Ideas?” Zoomer questioned.
“Hoomins,” Hunter replied. “How to train?”
“What a wonderful topic!” Zoomer sat up. “Well, you have the baby bunny flop down pat. It doesn't get much better than that.”
Hunter nodded.
“There's the foot flick, that gets Mom into the room pretty quick,” Zoomer said.
Hunter tried. A moment later Mom peeked in the room.
“Everything alright?” she asked.
Both bunnies nodded and Mom went back to doing what she was doing.
“We both know about the thump,” Zoomer said.
“Works good,” Hunter agreed.
“Then there's calling them by name,” Zoomer added. “That's pretty straight forward.”
“Hoomins!” Hunter said.
A minute or so passed and no one appeared.
“Try a bit louder,” Zoomer suggested.
Hunter called out again. “Hoomins!”
Again, no response.
“Try it like this,” Zoomer called out to Mom and Dad.
They appeared a few seconds later.
“All is good,” Zoomer assured them.
Mom and Dad exchanged confused looks but left the bunny room.
Hunter was frustrated.
“Just yell a bit louder,” Zoomer said.
Hunter took a deep breath, sat straight up and bellowed.
'”H-O-O-M-I-NS!”
Mom and Dad heard the ruckus and ran into the rabbit room just in time to see Hunter flop over.
“Yep, that worked,” Zoomer congratulated the Rex.
“What is going on?” Dad demanded to know.
“Oh, Hunter and I were just you know, hanging out,” Zoomer replied.
“Right,” Mom said.
“Hunter, you okay over there?” Dad asked.
Hunter was flopped over, grooming his paw.
“Treats?” was his response.
“They're fine,” Mom and Dad said at the same time.
And off they went to get the treats.

MUSIC TO THEIR EARS
“Where are you going?” Zoomer asked Mom.
“Out to a concert with Grandma and Grandpa later,” Mom replied.
“Oh I bet we'll have fun,” Zoomer said.
“Pardon?” Mom questioned.
“We'll have fun. I'm going too!” Zoomer binkied.
“Um, no, you aren't,” Mom said.
“Why not?” Zoomer stopped and stared at Mom.
“Do you know what a concert is?”
Zoomer shook his head. “But I want to go anyways.”
Mom explained what a concert was.
“Now I really wanna go,” Zoomer replied.
“Well we didn't get you a ticket and I don't think they have any seats for bunnies,” Mom said to the Dutch dwarf bunny.
“Aw, so sad,” Hunter said.
Mom agreed.
Zoomer turned his back to Mom.
The dreaded being ignored by bunny!
“Dad isn't going either,” Mom said.
Zoomer still didn't turn around.
“And neither is Hunter,” Mom tried to reason.
“I wanna go too!” Hunter turned his back to Mom.
Mom knew she wasn't winning this one.
“OK, alright, how about if later on this week, Dad and I set up a concert for you here at home?” Mom suggested.
Zoomer and Hunter looked at each other. “OK.”
Mom smiled and headed out to enjoy the evening.
Later that week …
Mom and Dad moved the TV and dvd player into the bunny room and set up a dvd of a concert for the bunnies to watch.
Mom and Dad pulled up chairs and the four of them started to listen to the music.
Zoomer started to lightly thump his foot.
“Scared?” Hunter wondered.
“No, people thump their feet when they like the music,” Zoomer nodded to some of the footage on the screen.
Hunter started to thump loudly.
Mom and Dad looked at him.
“Good music!” Hunter smiled.
“Maybe you can thump a little quieter … we can't actually hear the music anymore,” Mom whispered.
Hunter obliged.
The concert continued on.
“Why sing about that?” Hunter whispered to Zoomer.
“Well apparently songs have to have deep meanings,” Zoomer replied.
Hunter nodded and all of a sudden burst out singing. “Hoomins', feed me!”
Zoomer applauded.
“Deep meaning is hoomins feed me,” Hunter whispered to Zoomer.
“I think that's a hint,” Zoomer said to the bunny parents.
Mom went and got the bunnies a leaf of Romaine and sat back down.
When the concert ended the bunnies both flopped.
“That was fun,” Zoomer said.
“Especially the food,” Hunter agreed.
Mom and Dad smiled, happy the two bunnies had enjoyed their first concert.

LAMP LESSONS
“Mom!” Zoomer called out.
Mom peeked into the bunny room.
“Can you please bring our new lamp in here?” Zoomer asked.
“Your new lamp?” Mom paused to think.
The only new lamp was the bunny themed one her parents had given her as a birthday present.
Mom reappeared with the lamp. “You mean this one?”
“Bunny lamp for rabbit room!” Hunter exclaimed.
Zoomer nodded.
“Well I think Grandma and Grandpa meant it as my birthday gift,” Mom said.
Zoomer nodded again. “Yes, they gave it to us for your birthday.”
“They gave it to us?” Mom repeated.
Uh huh,” Hunter confirmed.
“I think it was to be my gift,” Mom said slowly.
“To share with us bunnies,” Zoomer replied. “It has bunnies on it!”
“Bunnies for bunnies,” Hunter added.
Mom sighed.
There was no winning this one. Once Zoomer and Hunter claimed something as theirs, Mom and Dad knew enough not to argue.
“And where would you like our new lamp in your rabbit room?”
“On the shelf?” Zoomer asked Hunter.
“Good view!” Hunter nodded.
Mom smiled and placed the lamp on the shelf as requested.
“Thanks, Mom!” Zoomer flopped, happy their room was even more accessorized now.
“Looks great!” Hunter agreed and flopped too.
“You're welcome, boys,” Mom said, knowing the bunnies would enjoy the lamp as much as she did.

CAGE CLEANER, BUNNY FEEDER
Mom rolled over and came nose to nose with Hunter.
“Hi, Hoomin',” he whispered, being considerate since Mom was still waking up.
Mom petted the Mini Rex rabbit.
“Hunter hungry,” Hunter continued to whisper.
Mom looked to the other side of the bed.
“Dad is up. The other hoomin' that feeds you,” Mom yawned.
Hunter stared at her.
“Daddy can feed you,” Mom assured the bunny.
Hunter put his paws on Mom's pillow.
“Still hungry.”
Mom sighed.
“Daddy's in the living room. If you ask him nicely he will get you some hay. I promise,” Mom said.
Now Hunter hopped up on the bed and sat next to Mom.
Mom looked at the bunny. He was obviously determined that she was going to be the one to get him food.
“I know Daddy feeds you,” Mom sighed.
Hunter looked at Mom. “Cage cleaner.”
Mom was the one that usually cleaned the bunny cages.
“Bunny feeder,” Hunter smiled and nosebonked Mom's hand so she petted him.
And that was true too as Mom always gave her bunnies food when she cleaned the cages.
And rabbits are creatures of habit!
“You're right,” Mom said and rolled out of bed to get her Hunter and Zoomer whatever they needed.
“Thanks, Hoomin',” Hunter happily hopped alongside Mom.

THE REBELLIOUS RABBIT
Zoomer hopped to his feet.
“Hunter, today is the day!” Zoomer declared.
Hunter looked at the Dutch Dwarf bunny, not sure what was going on.
“Yep, today I have decided I have reached the age where it's OK for me to rebel.”
“Rebel?” Hunter asked. “Food involved?”
Zoomer paused. “I guess it could be. Maybe I'll rebel and not eat my pellets anymore.”
Hunter couldn't understand the concept of not eating … anything.
“Why?” the Mini Rex asked.
“Well, when you rebel you do what's not expected – you hop on the wild side of life!” Zoomer did a mini-binky.
“I like food,” Hunter said and flopped.
Zoomer nodded, he understood Hunter's devotion to food.
“I have to tell Mom and Dad I am about to rebel.”
“OK. Good luck!” Hunter munched on some hay.
“Mom! Dad!” Zoomer called out. “I have news!”
The bunny parents entered the rabbit room.
“Today I am going to rebel,” Zoomer announced.
No reaction from the parents.
“I'm going to do some pretty rebellious things,” Zoomer promised.
“Like what? Not groom your feet for a day?” Mom asked.
“That's ridiculous!” Zoomer scoffed. “I think I'll mess up my cage.”
“Let us know how that goes,” Dad said and the bunny parents left the room.
Zoomer proceeded to push his hay, pellets and disperse his litter all over his cage.
“Wow what a mess,” he said proudly.
A few moments passed ….
Hunter had witnessed Zoomer “rebelling.”
“OK?” Hunter asked.
“I really don't like this mess,” Zoomer admitted. “Mom!”
Mom appeared.
“Can you undo my mess?” Zoomer asked.
Mom smiled and put things back in place.
“Thanks,” Zoomer said. “Being a rebel is challenging.”
“What's next?” Mom asked.
“Maybe I'll get a tattoo,” Zoomer said.
Mom explained exactly what was involved with a tattoo.
“Oh it's not like a sticker you use for scrapbooking?”
Mom shook her head no.
“Maybe I'll get a really crazy fur-style,” Zoomer said.
“Such as?” Mom asked. “Shave your head or dye it?”
“No, I was thinking more along the lines of not grooming it for a day,” the bunny said.
Mom tried not to smile.
“I guess that's not really rebellious is it,” Zoomer sighed.
“Music,” Hunter whispered.
“A rock band! I'll join a rock band!” Zoomer binkied.
“Can you sing?' Mom asked.
“Not really,” the bunny replied.
“Play an instrument?”
Zoomer shook his head.
“Write a song?”
Another head shake “no.”
“I think that rules out the music industry,” Mom said.
“I'm tried of being a rebel,” Zoomer confessed. “I'm just gonna be me again.”
Hunter hopped to his feet, happy that Zoomer was out of his rebellious phase.
“Treats?” the Mini Rex hoped.
Mom agreed. The end of Zoomer's rebellion was definitely deserving of treats.

BOISTEROUS BELLY
Hunter thumped and stared at Mom's belly.
“It's OK,” Mom said, listening to her stomach rumble. “That means I'm hungry.”
Hunter was intrigued. “Bunny bellies don't do.”
“I guess not,” Mom sighed.
“Hoomin feed us?” Hunter questioned.
“Yes, you and Zoomer can have a treat when I have my lunch.”
There were two very happy bunnies.
Later that evening …
“Grrrrrrrrr,” came from the rabbit room.
Mom peeked in.
Hunter was sitting at his cage door, door something that sounded like growling.
“You alright?” Mom asked.
“Grrrr,” was the apparent reply.
“Hunter?”
The bunny stared at Mommy. “Belly.”
“Is your belly OK?” Mom was confused.
“Grrrrr,” Hunter repeated.
Zoomer sighed.
Mom looked at the Dutch bunny. “Can you translate?”
“His belly is growling,” Zoomer said. “Like yours was.”
Hunter continued to stare at Mom.
“Oh, you're hungry!” Mom said.
“Hurray, Hoomin!” Hunter cheered.
“Now you need to feed him.” Zoomer whispered.
Mom laughed and went to get the bunnies some Romaine.

LAUNDRY LOITERER
“Hunter, I don't think this will work,” Mom sighed.
“Perfect,” Hunter flopped.
Mom had placed the laundry basket on the floor about 30 minutes ago. Hunter had hopped into the room, discovered the freshly laundered towels and made himself at home.
“Comfy,” Hunter smiled. “Smells so nice.”
“I'm glad you like my fabric sheets,” Mom sighed again.
Hunter stretched and took up the whole length of the basket.
“I just washed and dried those,” Mom said.
“Thank you,” Hunter assumed she'd done that for him.
“And now there's bunny fur all over them...”
“You're welcome!” Hunter thought that was a good thing.
Mom tried to shoo the bunny out of the basket.
“Napping!” Hunter wasn't impressed.
“I'll give you another basket with a towel in it,” Mom offered.
Hunter wasn't interested.
“What if I let you have food in the other basket?”
Hunter hopped to his feet. “Food?”
Mom nodded.
“Food basket?” Hunter was all on board for that.
Mom quickly got another basket and a towel and put some hay in the basket.
“More perfect!” Hunter leaped into his new basket.
“All is better with food!” Mom smiled.
Hunter couldn't have agreed more.

BETTER BY BUNNY
Hunter hopped into the living room and saw Mom folding laundry.
There wasn't a laundry basket for him to nap in so he had to ask what Mom was doing.
“Whatcha doing?”
“Folding blankets,” Mom replied.
“Mine too?” Hunter asked.
“Actually, yes, I washed your blankie so I will be folding it,” Mom answered.
Hunter periscoped. “I can help?”
Mom smiled and found Hunter's blankie. She sat it on the floor in a pile so he could fold it.
Hunter nosed the blanket and then hopped onto it. He moved the blanket left and then right. He flipped parts of it over. The whole process took about 10 minutes and then he showed it to Mom.
“Perfect,” said Hunter.
Mom smiled. The blanket was pushed into a pile.
Hunter periscoped to see how Mom had folded her blankets. They were perfectly square.
Hunter sighed. If only Mom could fold laundry as good as he did.
“Maybe next time,” Hunter sighed. “I can teach you, laundry folded better by bunny!”
Mom smiled. “That would be great.”
“OK, food please!” Hunter binkied.
Mom went to get Hunter and Zoomer a snack.
Folding blankies makes a bunny hungry!

“I HEAR CUTE!”
Mom was walking past the bunny room when she heard a familiar noise.
A soft thud.
Mom quietly stepped into the room. And she smiled. Zoomer had flopped over.
“Oh so cute, baby bunny flop, so cute!” Mom whispered as was expected when she witnessed a flop.
“Good morning, Mom,” Zoomer greeted her and then stretched his legs out behind him.
“Hi, Hoomin'!” Hunter said and then he flopped.
“Oh so cute, baby bunny flop, so cute!” Mom said to Hunter.
“We are SO cute!” Zoomer agreed.
“We need food,” Hunter added. “Treats please!
Mom laughed. “The perfect way to start the day when I hear the cuteness of your flops!”
“And we get treats!” Zoomer reminded Mom.
“Food treats!” Hunter binkied.
“On their way,” and off Mom went to get the bunnies their treats.

FOOD FIASCO
Zoomer and Hunter could hear their parents walking around the kitchen.
“I am so hungry I could eat all the food in the apartment,” Dad said.
“Me too,” Mom agreed.
Zoomer saw the startled look on Hunter's face.
“They mean they could eat all the human food,” Hunter said. “Not bunny food.”
“Pellets and hay are safe?” Hunter asked.
Zoomer nodded. “Definitely.”
Hunter sighed with relief.
The two bunnies settled into their afternoon nap.
A short time later, Dad wandered into the rabbit room. He didn't appear to have any treats for the bunnies.
“Ah there it is,” Dad walked across the room and picked up the pail the timothy hay was kept in.
“Hi, bunnies,” he said on his way out of the room, taking the pail with him.
Hunter stared at Zoomer.
|”I'm sure he'll be right back with it,” the Dutch bunny said to the Mini Rex.
Hunter laid back down.
“Hello, gentlemen,” Mom greeted her bunnies.
She took the pellet container with her when she left.
Hunter looked a Zoomer.
“OK, now I'm worried too,” Zoomer admitted.
Time passed.
The parents did not return with the bunny pellets or hay.
Mom re-entered the rabbit room. It was time for cage cleaning.
“Did you forget something?” Zoomer asked.
Mom looked around. “No.”
“Food!” Hunter exclaimed.
“Oh I'll top up your hay and pellets later,” Mom said.
“There's some left?” Hunter asked.
“Of course,” Mom assured the bunnies. “Be back in a bit and we'll hang out.”
“Bring food!” Hunter insisted.
More time passed …
Mom came back to the bunny room. It was time for the bunnies to come out and play.
“You forgot!” Hunter said. “FOOD please!”
Mom looked at the cage. There were still a lot of pellets and hay in Hunter's cage.
“Hoomin's ate our food!” Hunter said to Zoomer and thumped.
“Is it true?” Zoomer questioned.
“Why would we eat your food?” Mom asked the bunnies.
“It's yummy,” Hunter replied. “Hoomins were hungry.”
“We heard you and Dad talking about being hungry and eating all the food in the apartment,” Zoomer said.
Mom laughed. “We did say that but we wouldn't eat your food!”
“Really?” Hunter sounded relieved.
“Really,” Mom smiled.
“Then where d our hay and pellets go?” Zoomer questioned.
“Oh Dad and I wanted to clean out the hay pail and pellet container,” Mom answered.
As if on cue, Dad walked in with said pail and container.
“Oh yay!” Hunter binkied. “Thank you, Hoomins!”
Dad quickly topped up the bunnies food in their cages.
Zoomer was happy and Hunter looked like he just won the lottery!

PHONE FOR FOOD
“Yes, two pizzas please,” Hunter listened as Mom ordered supper for the hoomins. “It'll be here in 30 minutes. Thank you.”
Mom sat her cell phone down on a bin in the bunny room.
“I'll be back in a minute, Hunter,” Mom petted the Mini Rex and left the room to talk with Dad.
Hunter looked at Zoomer. “We need.”
“A cell phone?” Zoomer asked.
Hunter nodded. “Brings food.”
“Think it will work for us like it does for Mom and Dad?”
Hunter nodded confidently.
“Good luck,” Zoomer wished his bunny buddy.
Hunter periscoped to see exactly where the cell phone was. He hopped onto a stool and then onto the bin.
“Food,” Hunter whispered and nudged the phone with his nose.
Nothing happened.
Hunter placed his paws on the flip phone. “Food please. Soon?”
He didn't hear a voice on the phone the way Mom had.
“Hello? Food!” Hunter nudged the phone and it fell onto the floor and popped open.
Zoomer peeked out of his cage.
“Annoying,” Hunter sighed.
He hopped onto the floor and put his paws on the keypad, randomly pushing buttons.
“Food,” he requested again.
Hunter hit a button and he heard a ringing noise, and then a voice spoke from the phone.
“Hello?”
Hunter and Zoomer looked at each other.
“Food, please,” Hunter said.
“Food?” the voice on the phone repeated.
“Please?” Hunter was very polite.
Out in the living room, Dad moved the phone away from his mouth. He motioned for Mom to go to the rabbit room. “Check your phone.”
Mom quietly walked to the bunny room. She stifled a laugh when she saw Hunter nudging the opened phone.
“Food soon?” he asked.
“Hunter, what are you doing?” Mom questioned.
“Nothing,” the bunny replied and laid down on the phone, disconnecting the call.
Dad entered the room and gave the bunnies shredded carrots. “You ordered take out?”
“It worked!” Zoomer binkied.
Hunter hopped off the phone. “Thanks, Hoomins!”
“Maybe next time you can just ask one of us,” Mom suggested, retrieving her phone.
“OK,” Hunter said. “No phone for food.”

BEEP BEEP BUNNY
Hunter wanted treats. He had to come up with a way to get Mom and/or Dad to the bunny room.
Problem was both parents were still asleep.
“Hoomins,” Hunter called out. “Treats please.”
No response.
Hunter repeated his request, only a bit louder.
Not a bunny to be easily deterred, Hunter was about to thump when the alarm clock went off.
Mom rolled out of bed and right away went to check on the bunnies. Pellets and hay and water were topped up as needed. Bunny breakfast soon followed.
The next morning, Hunter awaited the alarm clock to wake up Mom to bring bunny breakfast.
Time passed, no alarm, no Mom.
Hunter knew he had to improvise.
“Beep, beep, beep,” he called out.
No hoomin's appeared.
“Beep, beep, beep!” he repeated, louder.
No treats appeared.
“BEEP, BEEP, BEEP!” as loud as he could.
Mom slowly made her way to the rabbit room. She sure didn't look as awake as when the alarm went off.
“Beep, beep, beep,” Hunter greeted Mom.
“Pardon?”
Hunter sighed. “Beep, beep, beep.”
Mom sleepily stared at the bunny.
“Beep, beep, beep, you bring treats,” Hunter explained.
Zoomer yawned, he wasn't a morning bunny, even if food was involved.
“He thinks the alarm clock means you'll bring treats. Today he is the alarm clock,” Zoomer explained.
“Beep, beep, beep,” Hunter smiled.
“No more beeping if you get treats?” Mom asked.
“Promise,” Hunter periscoped.
Bunnies got treats and Mom got more sleep.

THE BUNNY AND THE BIRD
“Tweet, tweet, tweet.”
Mom and Dad stood in the door of the rabbit room.
“It's 6 am,” Dad mumbled. “Is that a bird?”
“No, it's a bunny,” Mom sighed.
“Hi, Hoomins!” Hunter looked at his parents and then turned to look at the open window. “Tweet, tweet, tweet.”
“Hunter, it's too early to tweet,” Dad said.
Zoomer grumbled in agreement.
“OK,” Hunter said and flopped.
“I hope your bird friend will stop tweeting too,” Mom smiled.
Parents went back to bed.
“Chirp, chirp, chirp,” comes from the rabbit room.
The parents reappear in the doorway.
Hunter and the bird outside the window are happily chirping a duet.
“Hunter,” Mom sighs.
“Chirping,” Hunter says. “Not tweeting.”
“This is true,” Dad agrees. “Too early to chirp too.”
“Aw,” Hunter sighs.
“Maybe your bird friend can come back around 10 am?” Mom suggested.
“Noon,” Zoomer grumbles.
“Noon,” Mom corrects herself.
Hunter looks at the bird. Mom and Dad swear the bird nodded before it flew away.
“Thank you,” Mom, Dad and Zoomer said.
Hunter had already flopped again and was happily napping till noon when the bunny and bird would sing again.

BUNNY BUFFET
Hunter likes listening to his hoomins talk – especially if the conversation is about food. And if it's not about food, Hunter can usually turn it into a talk about food …
“OK, bunnies, Dad and I are going out for a bit,” Mom announced.
Zoomer nodded.
“Where?” Hunter asked.
“To stores,” Mom replied.
“And?” Hunter continued.
Mom knew where this was going.
“Yes, to eat too.”
“Food!” Hunter was happy.
“A buffet!” Dad added.
“Buffet?” Hunter was curious.
“Yes, all the food you can eat,” Dad smiled.
“No limits?” Hunter's eyes were huge.
Mom nodded.
Hunter started to chew on the cage. “Going with you.”
“Uh, Hunter, this is a people restaurant, not a bunny restaurant,” Mom said.
“Bunny buffet!” Hunter exclaimed.
“Not this one,” Dad said.
Hunter thumped. “Make bunny buffet.”
“Maybe sometime there will be such a thing,” Mom said.
“Then I go?” Hunter asked. “Zoomer too?”
“If there's ever a local bunny buffet, you and Zoomer can go,” Mom promised.
Hunter binkied. “Maybe soon!”
Mom and Dad smiled.
Happy Hunter = Happy Hoomins!

DR. HUNTER
“Ow!” Mom exclaimed.
Hunter hopped over to check on her. “Ouchie?”
“I hit my knee on the table,” Mom winced.
“Dr. Hunter help you,” the Mini Rex rabbit said.
“Doctor?” Mom asked.
“Job,” Hunter confirmed.
“I figured you'd be a chef,” Mom replied. “Or a professional eating contestant.”
Hunter's eyes lit up at the mention of being a professional eater. “We talk later. Lie down.”
Mom laid down on the floor.
Hunter put his paws on Mom's ankle. He was very still for a few seconds.
“Good heartbeat,” and he hopped past Mom's knee.
He went right to the top of her head. Hunter put his paws on Mom's forehead and stared into her eyes.
“All clear,” he pronounced.
“My knee...” Mom said.
“Shhhh, working,” Hunter scolded Mom.
Hunter stretched and nosebonked Mom's nose with his.
“Need to get closer,” he stated and hopped to stand beside Mom's head.
Now Mom assumed since he checked her eyes and nose her mouth was next. So she opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue.
“How rude,” Hunter thumped.
“Sorry,” Mom mumbled. “Figured you'd check my mouth next and then maybe look at my sore knee that I bumped.”
“No need,” Hunter said. “I know.”
“You know?” Mom asked.
“How to fix,” Hunter replied.
“How to fix my knee?” Mom sat up.
Hunter stared at her. “Food.”
“You want food?” Mom questioned.
“I always want food,” Hunter replied. “You need food. Eat and feel better.”
Mom sighed.
“And food for bunnies too,” Hunter said. “Dr.'s fees.”
Mom got to her feet, her knee felt better. Which was a good thing since she had to go to the kitchen to get food to pay her Dr.'s fees.

HALLOWEEN HUNTER
Mom was decorating, not a lot but enough to get Hunter's attention.
The baby bunny hopped up and perisocoped, looking at the owl with the witch hat on sitting on the TV stand.
Mom flipped a switch and a light in the owl started to blink and change colour.
Hunter hopped back. “Why?”
“Halloween is coming,” Mom exclaimed and put a couple of ghost shaped candles on a bookshelf.
“Hello-ween?” Hunter wondered.
“Halloween,” Mom corrected and then motioned for Hunter to sit beside her on the floor.
Mom showed Hunter the decorations she had and explained how kids went door-to-door trick-or-treating.
“Treating?” Hunter asked. “Food?”
Mom laughed and nodded. “You bunnies get to go room to room and get a treat in each one and maybe a noserub.”
“Food!” Hunter binkied.
“You left out the costume part,” Zoomer's voice floated from the rabbit room.
“Costume?” Hunter asked.
Mom grinned and explained the costume angle. “Zoomer likes to be a vampire-he wears a cape. Any idea what you'd like to be?”
“Food,” Hunter had a one track mind.
“You want to dress like food?” Mom questioned.
Hunter nodded.
“I'll work on this,” Mom promised.
The night of Halloween …
Zoomer donned his cape.
Hunter looked at Mom.
Mo had altered an orange shirt she had to fit Hunter. Two small green socks were meant to cover each ear.
“You're a carrot,” Mom revealed.
“Food,” Hunter agreed.
Two very happy happy bunnies hopped from room to room, receiving treats or noserubs or toys to play with that Halloween.

CAGE CLEANING CONTROVERSY
Hunter waited as Dad cleaned Zomer's cage and gave the bunny fresh food and water.
Zoomer grunted and then set about moving things around.
“OK, Hunter, you're turn for a clean cage,” Dad said.
Hunter periscoped. “Mommy Hoomin'?”
“Mom won't be home till later so I am on poop patrol,” Dad said.
“I wait,” Hunter decided.
Dad shook his head. “No, I am cleaning your cage.”
Hunter sat on his litter area.
“Seriously?” Dad asked trying to shoo the bunny.
“Seriously, no,” Hunter thumped as he was encouraged to leave his litter area.
Dad set about scooping the poop. Hunter grunted at the mini dust pan and broom Dad was using. Dad managed to finish that and then moved onto food and water.
Hunter sat on the dust pan. “Wrong order.”
“Pardon?”
Hunter grunted. “Steal poop, pet, steal more poop, noserub, steal rest of poop, hay.”
“There's a set order Mom does this in?” Dad asked.
“We told you to take notes before,” Zoomer replied.
Dad sighed. He petted Hunter, then gave him some noserubs and then a big handful of hay.
“Better?”
“Pellets and water,” Hunter reminded.
“I didn't forget,” Dad assured the bunny. “We're all done.”
The bunnies nodded, as if they were dismissing Dad.
When Mom got home …
Zoomer and Hunter perisocoped, happy to see their Mom.
“Everyone survived?” Mom asked.
Dad appeared, notepad in hand. “I'm ready to take notes so no bunny is annoyed next time.”
That made Mommy and her bunnies laugh.

PELLET PINATA
Hunter was hopping around the living room when a TV commercial caught his attention. He watched as kids broke open a pinata and treats fell everywhere.
“Need that,” Hunter whispered to himself.
The Mini Rex rabbit returned to the bunny room and quickly told Zoomer about what he had seen.
“That pinata thing sounds like our pellet container,” Zoomer said.
Hunter's eyes got big and he honed in on the plastic pellet container.
“Oh I wouldn't go there,” Zoomer said.
“Food,” Hunter was in hungry-mode.
And so the adventure began …
Hunter periscoped to see the best route to take. He saw the small step stool and hopped onto it.
Another look around.
Hunter hopped onto a storage bin.
The pellet container was on the top shelf of a 3-tiered wire rack.
“So close,” Hunter marveled.
“Maybe you should take a break,” Zoomer suggested.
“Soon,” Hunter promised. “Food!”
Hunter stretched. He put his front paws on the shelf, slowly moving forward. The container was within reach and he pushed …
Mom heard the noise and quickly appeared in the bunny room.
Hunter was already on the floor, snacking on pellets.
“How did you do that?” Mom asked.
“Sheer determination,” Zoomer replied.
“Pellet pinata - food!” Hunter exclaimed.
Mom smiled and started to clean up the scattered pellets. “I'll put some in your cage. No more adventures like this, OK?”
Hunter agreed and hopped into his cage, awaiting pellets.
Mom gave both the bunnies pellets and cleaned up the rest putting them safely in the pinata, er container.

EARLY EXPECTATIONS
“I don't know how you live under these conditions, Hunter,” Mom said.
“It's rough,” the Mini Rex rabbit agreed.
“I mean, I put that fresh hay in your cage last night at 7:30 pm and it's already sub-standard,” Mom yawned.
It was 5:45 am.
“Unbelievable,” Hunter nodded and started to circle the cage, waiting for Mom to put some more hay on his pile.
Mom was trying to focus her eyes to open the top of the cage.
Hunter periscoped and started to make the “belly growling” noise he made when the hoomin's were slower to feed him than he expected.
“Working on it,” Mom yawned.
“Work faster,” Zoomer grumbled. He'd been woken up by Hunter's chewing on his cage.
“Yes, faster, Hoomin!” Hunter echoed Zoomer.
Mom finally got the cage opened and gave Hunter the hay.
“OK, so the hay I gave you now and tonight when I clean your cage is good till at least 7:00 am,” Mom said as she locked the cage.
Hunter stared at Mom.
“Oh boy, guess I'll find out tomorrow,” Mom yawned and headed back to bed.

THE COVER-UP
Mom looked at Zoomer.
Zoomer looked at Mom.
“Wonder who he learned that from?” Mom asked the Dutch Dwarf bunny.
“I don't do that,” Zoomer said.
Mom stared at Zoomer.
“OK, yes, I move my litter around. But when it's clean cause you don't spread it out properly, “ Zoomer said. “I do not do that!”
“That” was Hunter furiously digging at his litter area corner because Mom had covered his poop with fresh litter.
“You can stop now,” Mom said. “We can see your poop.”
Hunter mumbled something and gave Mom the bunny butt.
“Well I'm sorry but it's not cage cleaning time and that was a lot – it needed to be covered,” Mom justified her actions.
“A lot of work for me,” Hunter thumped, keeping his back to Mom.
“I know it did. I feed you,” Mom replied.
“How rude!” Hunter thumped.
“That was impressive digging,” Zoomer said. “You had bedding and poop flying everywhere.”
Hunter was thrilled to hear Zoomer's praise. “I did good?”
“You were awesome, Almost a pro like me,” Zoomer said.
Hunter binkied. “Forgive you, Hoomin.”
“Thank you, Hunter,” Mom smiled and whispered her thanks to Zoomer. “Now how about a treat to start working on the next poop pile?”
This time, both bunnies binkied.

HAUNTED HUNTER
Mom was sitting on the couch, watching one of the paranormal shows she enjoyed. Her attention was taken away from the TV when she heard a noise behind her.
“Ooooooohhhhhhh.”
Mom looked around, saw nothing and went back to watching TV.
“Oooooooohhhhhhhh,” she heard it again.
She stood up.
A second later she heard “OW!” coming from the direction of the rabbit room.
Mom saw Hunter peek out from under a white blanket. He had bumped into one of the shelves. He shook his head, pulled the blanket back over himself and cautiously continued to hop across the room.
“Oh no – a ghost!” Mom exclaimed.
“Yes! I mean … boooooo ….” Hunter's voice floated out from under the blanket. “Scared?”
“Terrified,” Mom tried to sound convincing.
Hunter quickly removed the blanket. “It's me!”
Mom walked to where her Mini Rex was. “You were very authentic.”
“Thanks,” Hunter began to re-arrange the blanket. “Treat time, then nap.”
“Very subtle,” Mom said.
“Very hungry,” Hunter flopped.
“Bunny treats coming up,” Mom promised.

BABY BUNNY BURGLARY
Zoomer heard the rabbit room door slowly opening.
He tried to focus his eyes as a sliver of light crept into the room.
Zoomer sighed and tried to resume sleeping – he did not appreciate being woken up.
Then the door opened wider and Zoomer saw a person cautiously entering the bunny area.
Zoomer's eyes were still trying to focus – what he saw was someone opening Ruger's cage.
“Wheeee!” the baby Rex/dwarf bunny exclaimed as he was lifted from his cage.
And then the person started to walk towards the door.
“Ruger is being bunny-napped!” Zoomer thought. “I have to get Mom here asap!”
And so Zoomer thumped.
Hunter hopped to his feet. “Food?”
|”Not food – a thief!”Zoomer exclaimed, thumping again.
“Food thief?” Hunter panicked.
“No, baby bunny thief!” Zoomer was still thumping.
Hunter thumped too.
By now Mom had heard the bunnies and ran to their room. She quickly turned on the light …
Dad stood in the middle of the room, holding Ruger, who wasn't bothered at all by all the noise.
“Hi, everything OK?” Mom yawned.
“I thought someone was stealing Ruger,” Zoomer said.
Dad sighed. “I was taking him out to play in the living room, trying to be quiet and not to wake everyone up.”
“Sheesh,” Hunter said. “All awake.”
“Yes, now I'm awake,” Zoomer grumbled.
“Belly too,” Hunter said.
“I'll get them treats and you go back to sleep,” Dad said to Mom.
“Treats!” Ruger echoed as Dad went to get them for the bunnies and Mom headed back to bed.

FURRY FRIENDS
Hunter hopped over to the shelf where the newest addition to Mom's bunny themed collection was sitting. Hunter sniffed the plush rabbit. He was about to nibble on the toy when Mom entered the room.
“Hunter – no,” Mom picked up the white plush bunny.
“Food?” the Mini Rex asked.
“Does it look like food?” Mom questioned.
Hunter shrugged. “It eat food?”
Mom smiled. “No.”
“OK,” Hunter was good with the new arrival as long as sharing food wasn't involved.
Zoomer was another story. Hunter went back into his cage and Zoomer hopped out.
Zoomer grunted at the toy in Mom's hands.
Mom knew the routine.
Zoomer sat on the floor in his usual spot. Mom sat down in front of the Dutch bunny, the plush bunny to the right of Zoomer.
Mom petted Zoomer, then the toy. “Good bunnies.”
This continued till Zoomer and the plush bunny were sitting side by side.
“Friends?” Mom asked.
Zoomer nodded.
“Everybunny happy?” Mom questioned.
“Happier with treats!” Hunter replied and Zoomer nodded his agreement.
And to make sure they stayed happy, Mom got them treats.

HOLLYWOOD HUNTER
“AH!” Mom exclaimed, nearly dropping her cell phone.
Hunter thumped and hopped back.
“You scared me,” Mom sighed.
Mom was trying to figure out the camera on her cell phone. She accidentally turned on the video recorder. Hunter had hopped right up to the camera startling Mom.
“Doing?” Hunter asked.
Mom explained and then showed the Mini Rex rabbit the brief close up video he starred in.
“Me!” Hunter exclaimed. “Make movie!”
Mom cringed. “OK.”
Hunter sat down. “Need idea.”
“How about ...” Mom started to say.
“Wrong,” Hunter said.
“How” Mom asked.
“Hunter idea, not Hoomin idea,” the bunny replied.
Zoomer laughed at this.
“OK,” Hunter said. “I hungry, go to cage, no food, I sad, you feed me and flop cause happy.”
“That's pretty straight forward,” Mom said.
“Piece of hay,” Hunter agreed.
“Hay?” Mom asked.
“Hunter no eat cake,” he replied.
Three hours later …
“Done!” Hunter binkied.
“Are you sure?”
Hunter nodded.
Mom sat down on the floor beside her bunnies. She held the phone so they could see it and pressed play.
Hunter hopped into his cage and saw no food. The camera zoomed in to catch the disappointment. Then a handful of hay appears. Hunter is so happy he flops. The camera zooms in again to show him eating the hay. The whole “movie” was about a minute long but it took 3 hours to film with all of Hunter's cuts and edits.
“Pawesome,” Zoomer congratulated. “Treat deserving for sure.”
The bunnies looked expectantly at Mom.
“Star and friend need treats,” Hunter said.
And as usual the star and his friend got what they wanted.

SOCK SURPRISE
Mom was putting laundry away – specifically her socks. She had left them in a basket in the bunny room. Mom had Hunter out and had to leave the room for a moment. When she came back to the room, she couldn't believe her eyes.
Her socks were everywhere – and it's not that she had that many socks …
Hunter hopped up to her and persicoped. “Hi, Hoomin.”
Mom stared at the Mini Rex rabbit. “How?”
“Easy,” Hunter picked a sock off the hay pail and flung it through the air. It landed on top of Zoomer's cage.
“Seriously?” Mom sighed.
“Yes, very serious,” Hunter said.
Mom pointed to the sock stuck on the ceiling fan.
“Aw so cute,” Hunter said.
Mom raised an eyebrow.
“No?” Hunter sighed now.
Mom started to collect her socks.
“Talent?” Hunter tried.
“Very debatable,” Mom replied.
Zoomer cleared his throat, trying to get Hunter's attention.
That didn't work so Zoomer flopped.
“Aw so cute, baby bunny flop, so cute,” Mom always loved when her bunnies flopped.
“Yes, baby bunny,” Zoomer stressed the words, looking at Hunter.
Hunter caught on.
“Oh, bad Hoomin,” he said
Mom finished gathering her socks. “Pardon?”
“Hoomin left baby bunny unsupervised with socks,” Hunter said. “Playtime.”
Mom sighed. “I guess you're right.”
“I am?” Hunter asked. “Of course I'm right. I'm a bunny.”
“Good one,” Zoomer whispered.
“Being right = treats,” Hunter stated.
“I'll take my basket of socks with me when I get your treats,” Mom said.
That made the bunnies and their Mommy laugh.

CARPET CONFUSION
“Oh no, Ruger, no digging on the carpet!” Mom said.
“But fun for baby bun,” Ruger replied.
Mom then explained how digging on carpet was not something bunnies were supposed to do.
“When you have your own house, maybe then you can dig on your carpet,” Mom said.
Ruger flopped.
Then the green bunny igloo caught his attention.
Ruger hopped to his feet and disappeared into the igloo.
A moment later, Mom heard digging.
She knocked on the side of the igloo.
“Hello!” Ruger stuck his head out.
Mom repeated her previous lecture.
“But this is my house,” Ruger said.
“Yes, that's true,” Mom had to think fast. “But your house is still on Mom and Dad's carpet – you didn't buy the carpet.”
“Aw,” Ruger pouted.
“I know, I know,” Mom petted him.
“Someday I have my own carpet,” Ruger said.
“It's good to have goals,” Mom smiled and continued to pet the baby bunny. “Maybe next time Dad and I go to the store we can see if we can get you a little carpet to put your igloo on.”
Ruger binked – life is good when baby bunnies are happy.

WATER WOES
“Ruger, meet your new water bowl,” Dad said, hanging it on the side of the bunny's cage.
“No thank you,” Ruger said politely.
“You need it – it goes great with your water bottle,” Dad said.
Ruger yawned. “No thank you.”
“Humour Dad,” Mom whispered.
Ruger hopped over to check out the bowl. He sniffed it.
“Still no thank you,” he said.
Dad frowned.
The baby bunny frowned.
“At least try it,” Dad encouraged.
Ruger hopped back to the water bowl and took a drink. He looked at Dad.
“See – it's not so bad,” Dad said.
Mom and Dad turned to leave the room.
Bang! Bang! Bang!
The bunny parents turned around to see Ruger had unhooked one side of the bowl and was pulling at it.
“Fun – thank you!” Ruger said.
“He has a new toy!” Mom smiled.
Dad sighed. “And he has his water bottle.”
Bang! Bang! Bang!
“Life is good!” Ruger binkied.

HUNTER HEARS HAY
It was a quiet Saturday afternoon and the bunnies were relaxing in their room.
All of a sudden, Hunter hopped up from his flop.
His ears were on high alert.
“What's wrong?” Zoomer asked.
“Do you hear that?” Hunter questioned.
Zoomer and Ruger shook their heads no.
“How can you not hear that?” Hunter started to pace.
Ruger thumped.
“You hear it?” Hunter was hopeful.
“No, thumping seemed like the right thing to do!” Ruger said.
Hunter started to periscope. “It's getting closer.”
Zoomer and Ruger were pretty sure Hunter was hearing things.
Then the front door opened and the bunny parents were obviously home from grocery shopping.
“Hoomins!” Hunter greeted.
Mom entered the bunny room with a new bag of hay.
“I knew it!” Hunter binkied.
“He heard you coming with the hay...” Zoomer said to Mom.
“Wow,” Ruger was in awe.
Mom laughed. “Hunter heard the hay before he saw it.”
“Of course he did,” Dad laughed. “It's food.”
“Hunter loves food,” the Mini Rex rabbit confirmed. “Feed me.”
Mom and Dad quickly gave each of the bunnies some fresh hay, making Hunter's day.

FOOT FITNESS
“Right.”
“Now left.”
“Right.”
“And left again.”
Mom heard Zoomer's voice coming from the bunny room. She peeked in and saw Zoomer grooming his feet, vocalizing as he went along.
Then she saw Ruger following Zoomer's lead. Mom smiled.
“Our feet are our best friends. Right,” Zoomer said. “We must treat them with respect. Left.”
Ruger was keeping pace. “Feet are friends.”
Zoomer nodded.
Hunter was flopped over, he groomed his front paws in time with Zoomer's “right” and “left” instructions.
The grooming continued for a few more minutes.
“We'll repeat this afternoon,” Zoomer said. “Do you remember what classifies as a footrastophe?”
Ruger nodded. “Wet.”
“Yes, wet feet are terrible,” Zoomer confirmed. “If your feet ever get wet, flick them as long as it takes to get them dry.”
“Feet are great,” Hunter agreed, hopping up. “Take you to food.”
“Also important,” Zoomer confirmed.
“Feet fantastic!” Ruger binkied.
Zoomer and Hunter agreed. And then unanimously the three bunnies flopped, giving their feet a rest.

HUNTER HIDING IN HAY
Mom walked into the rabbit room and observed something unusual. Hunter appeared to be trying to hide in his hay instead of eating it.
“You OK?” Mom asked.
Hunter hopped up, his eyes wide. “You can see me?”
Mom nodded.
“Aw, not supposed to,” Hunter pouted
“Why not?” Mom asked.
“My fur hides me,” Hunter explained.
Mom's expression went blank.
“Fur like Dad's coat – can't see him when he is wearing it,” Hunter said.
“Oh his camo coat,” Mom now knew what Hunter meant.
Hunter nodded. “Fur is camo. Hide in hay and hoomins no see me.”
“I think I need to go to the living room and come back in here,” Mom said.
Hunter was now confused.
“Good thing your fur is camo,” Mom mentioned as she walked out the door.
The Mini Rex rabbit binkied and burrowed into his hay.
Mom came back in. “Zoomer and Ruger, have you seen Hunter?”
Both bunnies shook their heads “no.”
“Well when he appears, you can have treats,” Mom told the bunnies.
“Hunter here!” the Mini Rex leaped out of the hay. “Treat please! See me? Need food!”
Mom, Zoomer and Ruger laughed - food was more important than hiding in hay.

RUGER AND THE DOTS
Mom watched as Ruger looked at the blanket and then turned to look at his back.
“You OK?” Mom asked.
“Some fell off,” Ruger explained.
“What fell off?”
Ruger looked at the black polka dots on the blanket and then at the markings on his back.
“Now I understand,” Mom said. “No worries, those dots were always on the blanket. Your dots are still all there.”
“My dots?” Ruger repeated.
Mom petted the black markings along his back.
Ruger binkied. “I love my dots.”
“They are pretty neat,” Mom agreed.
“OK, gonna go hang out with my dots.”
“Have fun,” Mom smiled, watching as Ruger went to tell Zoomer and Hunter all about his dots.

HAY HI-JINKS
Hunter surveyed his cage. Litter area was where it should be. Water bowl was filled. Pellets in the pellet corner. Hay was … not at an acceptable level …
“Oh no,” Hunter fretted.
Zoomer looked. “Everything OK?”
Hunter shook his head “no.”
“What's wrong?” Ruger asked.
“Not enough hay!” Hunter started to pace back and forth.
Zoomer and Ruger looked at each other – they could see Hunter's hay from their cages …. from their view he had a lot.
Hunter chewed on his cage and thumped till Mom appeared.
“Yes?” she asked.
“Hoomin' hurry,” Hunter was still pacing.
“What's wrong?” Mom asked.
“Hay.”
“Oh you can see the bottom of your cage,” Mom laughed.
“Yes, and not funny – feed me,” Hunter said, sounding offended.
Mom sighed and made sure that the hay was up to Hunter's specifications.
“All better?” Mom asked.
Hunter flopped onto his hay. “Perfect, thanks, Hoomin'.”
“Crisis averted,” Mom winked and Zoomer and Ruger

HOP-TO-IT DELIVERY SERVICE
“Who that?” Hunter asked as Mom closed the apartment door.
“The mail lady with a package for me,” Mom replied.
“Why?” Hunter questioned.
“I bought something from far away and the mail lady delivered it to me,” Mom explained. “That's her job.”
“Job?” Hunter was on a roll. “Paid?”
“Yes, she is paid to make deliveries,” Mom said, she petted Hunter and went into the kitchen.
Later that afternoon, Mom was watching TV when Hunter joined her on the couch.
He dropped a piece of hay beside her.
Mom looked at it.
Hunter looked at Mom.
Mom went back to watching TV.
Hunter put his paws on Mom's knee.
Mom petted him.
“Delivery,” Hunter pointed to the hay.
“Oh thank you,” Mom said picking up the hay.
Hunter resumed staring at her.
“Pay?”
“Pay?” Mom asked.
“Delivery job,” Hunter said. “Hop-To-It Delivery Service.”
Mom laughed. “You even have a business name.”
Hunter nodded.
“How do I pay you?”
Hunter smiled. “Food!”
“I should've known,” Mom said.
Hunter nodded in agreement.
“Well I'll get you and Zoomer and Ruger some hay,” Mom said.
And Hunter hopped to the rabbit room to await hay/payment for a job well done.

GROOMIN THE HOOMIN'
“Aw, not so cute,” Hunter said.
“Pardon?” Mom asked, it was early and she was still waking up.
“Hair not so cute,” Hunter replied.
“Oh yeah...” Mom yawned. “Well I haven't brushed it yet.”
A little bit later Mom wandered back into the bunny room.
“Better?” she questioned.
“Boring,” Hunter answered.
Mom's hair was straight and she did not style it – ever.
“You can do better?”
Hunter nodded. “I help Hoomin'.”
Mom smiled uncertainly.
“Bring hair things to Hunter,” the Min Rex instructed.
Mom brought her brush and some hair clips to the rabbit room.
“We fix,” Hunter assured Mom.
The bunny started to instruct Mom on which direction to brush her hair in and where to apply the hair clips.
In about 10 minutes, Hunter was happy with the hairstyle.
He binkied.
“OK, I'll go look in the mirror,” Mom said, noticing the concerned look on Zoomer and Ruger's faces.
“Wow … “ Mom said when she saw her reflection.
“I know!” Hunter's voice floated to the bathroom. “Awesome.”
“Oh it's aw-something,” Mom said.
Her hair was held in place by clips pointing in all different directions.
“Oh no,” Mom sighed walking back into the bunny room.
“Oh no?” Hunter echoed.
“I totally forgot that today is boring hair day at work,” Mom sighed.
Hunter thumped. “Darn.”
“Darn indeed,” Mom agreed. “I'll have to wear my hair the way I had it before we did this amazing style.
“OK,” Hunter sighed.
“But you certainly earned a treat for you and Zoomer and Ruger,” Mom told him.
Three bunnies binkied and Mom reversed her hairstyle.

NO HAY – NO WAY!
Ruger was running laps in the Rabbit Room. He decided to hop the hay pail as he often did. This time however, something was different …
“Hello? Hay?” Ruger said.
Hunter sat up.
“Uh oh,” Ruger's voice floated out of the hay pail.
“Uh oh?” Hunter asked.
Ruger peeked out of the pail. “All gone.”
Hunter's eyes got wide.
“Hay all gone,” Ruger hopped out.
Hunter started to pace. “Sure?”
Ruger tipped the empty pail over.
Hunter's eyes were the size of saucers.
“HOOMINS!” the Mini Rex hollered.
Mom appeared in the doorway.
“How?” Hunter asked.
Mom sighed. “I was hoping to avoid this.”
“No hay-no way!” Hunter thumped.
Ruger and Zoomer weren't stressing.
“I have to pick some up after work,” Mom said.
“After work? All day without hay?” Hunter was astounded.
“Hunter, you have a pile of hay in your cage. And Zoomer and Ruger aren't freaking out,” Mom said.
“I do that for all of us,” Hunter said. “Promise?”
“I promise not to come home without hay,” Mom said.
Hunter sighed over-dramatically. “OK, we'll get by ...”
“I'll give you each some Romaine to help with your hardship,” Mom smiled.
Three happy bunnies enjoyed their Romaine and true to her word (and Hunter's relief) Mom came home with hay.

THE RHYTHM OF RABBITS
Mom was sitting in the living room, watching music videos.
Ruger peeked put of the Rabbit Room and hopped out to join her.
Mom smiled at the baby bunny.
Ruger was watching Mom's foot tap up and down in tune to the music.
“Thumping?” Ruger asked.
“No,” Mom smiled. “My foot is keeping rhythm with the music.”
“Oh,” Ruger said. “I try.”
The baby bunny slowly moved his right foot up and down.
“Very good,” Mom smiled.
Ruger grinned. “I rock.”
Mom burst out laughing.
“Watch!” Ruger was having fun now.
He started to alternate tapping his feet.
Mom applauded. “You're amazing.”
“I'm a bunny,” he corrected.
Mom explained.
“Amazing rabbit with rhythm,” Ruger smiled.
No one can argue that.

SUPPER SURPRISE
Hunter peeked out of the bunny room. Grandpa was visiting and staying for supper … which meant …
“Food,” Hunter whispered.
The Mini Rex rabbit quietly hopped to the living room.
Grandpa was seated at the table and Mom and Dad were setting the table and putting supper out.
Hunter sniffed the air. “Lettuce!”
“OK, looks like we have everything we need,” Mom said as she and Dad took a seat. “Wait, we need napkins.”
Mom got up and headed back to the kitchen.
Hunter had been quietly and steadily moving towards the table as he had noticed the empty fourth chair.
And up he hopped.
“Hi, Hoomins,” Hunter greeted, periscoping on the chair.
Mom came out of the kitchen with the napkins.
“Food!” Hunter exclaimed. “Hungry bunny.”
The hoomins all smiled at Hunter.
“I'll get another plate,” Dad said.
Hunter smiled. “Thank you.”
Mom put some Romaine lettuce on a plastic plate for Hunter and took some to the Rabbit Room for Zoomer and Ruger.
“Hunter hungry,” the bunny advised again.
“We're glad you could join us,” Grandpa smiled.
“Welcome,” Hunter nibbled on the lettuce.
And so Hunter and his Hoomins enjoyed a nice supper.

HUNTER HELPS WITH HOUSEWORK
“Wow,” Mom exclaimed and stretched out on the floor next to where Hunter was laying down.
Hunter looked at Mom.
“I cannot believe how much housework I got done today!” Mom said.
Hunter groomed his front paws.
“OK, so not exactly exciting,” Mom agreed and then her stomach rumbled. “But I finished just in time for lunch.”
Mom wiped her forehead with a cloth she had in her hand. “I worked up a sweat. I deserve a treat.”
Mom got up and walked to the kitchen.
“Treat,” Hunter whispered.
He hopped to his feet and looked around, suddenly making a mad dash for the bunny room.
He hopped in his cage and put his front paws in his water bowl. Then he splashed the water onto his face.
Ruger and Zoomer stared at him.
“For treats!” Hunter explained and hopped out of his cage and to the kitchen.
“Whew, hard work” Hunter said.
Mom turned around and paused, seeing the bunny's face dripping wet. “What happened?”
“Sweating,” Hunter said, shaking some of the water from his fur. “Hard work cleaning.”
“What did you clean?” Mom asked.
“Uh,my fur,” Hunter replied.
He had groomed his paws after all.
“Sweating,” Hunter said. “Now treats.”
Mom managed not to smile. “Oh, you're right. Housework is hard and does work up a sweat and then that leads to a treat.”
“I know!” Hunter binkied.
Mom gave the hardworking rabbit a treat, and then headed into the bunny room to give Zoomer and Ruger their treats too.
All in a days work!

FLOODED FEET
Zoomer hopped into the kitchen just as Mom started to clean up some water she had spilled.
“Mom, I ...” Zoomer slid right into Mom's hand.
“Oh, Zoomie, watch out for the water,” Mom said.
But it was too late.
“My. Feet. Are. Wet,” Zoomer said.
“I can dry them off,” Mom assured the Dutch bunny.
“My. Feet. Are. Wet,” Zoomer was trying to contain himself.
“Hop this way,” Mom instructed.
“They'll get wetter,” Zoomer was starting to come undone.
Zoomer hated to be picked up but he hated wet feet even more. Mom quickly put a towel on the floor away from the water and moved Zoomer there.
“Wet feet,” Zoomer was trying not to panic.
He started to wipe his feet on the towel.
“Feet are wet,” he mumbled.
“We'll get them dried off,” Mom promised.
“Not fast enough …” Zoomer whispered.
Mommy and bunny worked quickly to get his feet dry. Then Mom wiped up the rest of the water.
“That was stressful,” Zoomer sighed.
“Need a treat?” Mom asked.
Zoomer nodded. “So do Hunter and Ruger, they felt my stress.”
Mom smiled and 3 bunnies got treats.

BRIBING THE BUNNY
“Ah!” Mom exclaimed. She had been getting something off the bottom shelf. When she stood up she came eye to eye with Hunter, who was quietly sitting on a storage bin.
“Hello,” Hunter greeted.
“You scared me,” Mom said. “Did you need something?”
Hunter shook his head no.
Mom went into the kitchen. Hunter hopped along behind her.
When Mom left the kitchen to go to the computer, Hunter followed.
“You OK?” Mom asked.
Hunter nodded.
Mom eventually headed back to the kitchen, with Hunter on her heels.
She stopped suddenly and Hunter hopped into her.
“Are you following me?” Mom asked.
Hunter rubbed his nose with his paws. “Too closely apparently.”
“OK, spill it, what's going on?”
“No.”
“Hunter?”
“That's me,” the bunny replied.
Mom smiled. “If I give you food – a treat – will you tell me?”
“Food … treat … oh no …” Hunter whispered.
Mom got some lettuce out of the fridge.
Hunter periscoped. “Daddy Hoomin said keep an eye on you so you no find birthday gift!”
Mom smiled. “Do you know where it is?”
“Lettuce ...” Hunter whispered. “Yes ...”
“And that would be?” Mom asked.
“That would not be fair,” Dad smiled, walking into the kitchen. “Trying to bribe the bunny.”
“Not fair!” Hunter thumped.
“So close,” Mom sighed.
Hunter was staring at the lettuce.
Mom smiled and gave Hunter the veggie and got some for Zoomer and Ruger.
“I love food,” Hunter said, enjoying his lettuce.
“Well she sure knew what to try,” Dad laughed.
Hunter smiled, happy the birthday gift was still a surprise.

BUNNY WITH A BIB
“Why does Hunter have one of my socks tucked under his chin?” Mom asked Dad.
“That's not a sock,” Dad corrected. “That's a bib.”
“A bib,” Mom repeated.
“Messy like Mom,” Hunter chimed in.
Mom laughed – it was true. If it was food and it could be spilled, she usually did. And usually on herself.
“What do you think you'll spill?” Mom questioned the bunny.
“Not sure,” Hunter confessed. “Prepared.”
“Smart thinking,” Mom agreed.
Mom went about doing some stuff in the living room and then went to get a glass of water. All was well until she sneezed … water went everywhere …
Hunter hopped in to help. He dropped he “bib sock” in front of Mom.
“No stress over mess,” Hunter said.
“Thanks, Hunter,” Mom used his bib to help wipe up some of the water.
With the water mopped up, Mom rewarded Hunter for his help with some lettuce. Zoomer and Ruger were rewarded as well for their support during the spill!

HEARD BY HUNTER
Hunter's ears twitched. He could hear their voices but no movement yet.
The Rex rabbit stretched and surveyed his food – some pellets left, a bit of hay.
It was the weekend … Hoomins deserve to sleep in sometimes.
Ruger and Zoomer didn't seem to be overly concerned.
But Hunter has certain expectations.
Hunter hopped to his feet.
He could still hear Mon and Dad talking.
The bunny nibbled on some pellets and then drank some water.
Hunter sighed loudly.
“Hoomins awake,” he said to Ruger and Zoomer.
The two bunnies nodded.
“Food soon,” Hunter said, more to reassure himself.
Some time passed and no hoomins came to the Rabbit Room.
Hunter proceeded to pace loudly, that usually summoned food, er hoomins.
Hunter waited what seemed like an eternity (actually about two minutes) and still no hoomins … yet he could hear them …
“Hoomins! I hear you!” Hunter called our and thumped. “FOOD PLEASE!”
The bunnies heard the hoomins hurry to their room.
“Good morning,” the parents greeted their bunnies.
“Almost noon!” Hunter sighed.
Mom looked at the clock, which clearly showed 8:35 am.
Mom laughed and topped up the hay and pellets, Hunter's first of course!

STORE SCORE
“OK, bunnies, when I get back from the store you'll have Romaine lettuce,” Mom promised.
“Store?” Hunter asked.
“Where I go to buy food,” Mom replied.
Hunter stared at Mom.
“Where'd you think food came from?” Mom asked.
“The hallway,” Hunter replied.
“Well we buy it at a store and bring it through the hallway to get it into the apartment,” Mom smiled.
“Store?” now Hunter was really curious.
Mom explained the concept of a store to the 3 bunnies.
“Big?” Hunter questioned.
“Some are huge, hundreds of times bigger than our apartment,” Mom answered.
“Wow! Hunter whispered. “Lots of food ...”
Mom nodded.
“I go?” Hunter was hopeful.
“I'm sorry, the grocery store doesn't allow bunnies right now,” Mom said.
“Aw, sad,” Hunter sighed.
Then he started to nosebonk Mom's ankle, urging her towards the door.
“Go! Store! Food please!”
Mom laughed. “OK, OK!”
Ans Hunter flopped, daydreaming of stores filled with food for bunnies.

OTTERLY ADORABLE
Hunter peeked out of the Rabbit Room to see what Mom was doing. She was opening a box. Hunter hopped out to investigate.
“Hi, Hoomin!” he greeted.
“Hi, Hunter-doodle,” Mom replied and placed the contents of the box on the floor beside him.
Hunter sniffed the item.
“It's a plush otter,” Mom said, seeing Hunter's confused look.
Hunter thumped and his ears went back. “No! Is an Aw-So-Cute.”
Mom knew that there was no point in arguing what Hunter chose to call the otter.
“Need food?” Hunter nosebonked the toy.
“No,” Mom assured the Rex rabbit.
Hunter binkied and took off to tell Zoomer and Ruger.
“New friend!” Hunter hopped hurriedly to the Rabbit Room and out.
Ruger looked at Zoomer.
Hunter quickly returned. “No food!”
And he was gone in a flash.
“I think he has a new friend that doesn't eat food,” Zoomer interpreted for Ruger.
“Wow, they'll be best buddies!” Ruger said.
Hunter sat beside his Aw-So-Cute friend.
Mom went to put the otter up on the table.
“No!” Hunter thumped again. “Mine.”
“Yours?” Mom asked.
Hunter nodded. “My No-Food-Aw-So-Cute. You visit.”
My sighed, knowing no point in debating with the bunny.
“Alright we'll work out a visitation schedule.”
“Bring to Bunny Room,” Hunter said. “Please. Meet Zoomer and Ruger.”
Mom smiled. “Of course.”
And the bunny mom took the No-Food-Aw-So-Cute bunny buddy into Rabbit Room as requested.

TRICK OR TREAT TAKEDOWN
Mom was explaining the concept of Halloween to Ruger – how each bunny got to dress up and hop from room to room in the apartment for treats.
“Only bunnies do?” Ruger asked.
“No hoomin's kids do this too,” and then Mom explained that as well.
“Neat,” Ruger and Zoomer said.
However Hunter was not so enthused. What he got from the story was that kids were coming to the door to get his food and treats …
On Halloween night, the bunnies excitedly prepares to trick or treat. Zoomer went first. He got a carrot in the kitchen, noserubs in the living room and a willow chew stick in the hallway.
Then it was Hunter's turn. He hopped out of his cage and instead of heading to the kitchen he started to try to move the hay bucket. It was too heavy but he found a blanket and threw it over the hay pail and pellet bag.
From there he went to the kitchen but instead of taking the carrot from Dad …
“Stay there! No trick or treaters get fridge!” Hunter thumped.
Mom and Dad looked at each other and then watched as Hunter hopped to the apartment door.
The Rex Rabbit positioned himself in front of the door, ears back, staring straight ahead.
“Um, Hunter, do you want treats?” Mom asked.
“Yes, after,” the bunny replied.
“After?” Mom wondered.
“Guard duty,” Hunter said. “Ruger do.”
Mom let Ruger out to trick or treat and then it was Hunter's turn again
“Still guarding,” Hunter explained.
“Guarding from what?” Dad asked.
“Trick or treating thieves – steal food!” Hunter thumped.
“Oh now we understand,” Mom said. “They don't steal food, we give them treats, not treats that bunnies get. And we never get any trick or treaters coming to our apartment door.”
“Food safe?” Hunter asked.
“Yep,” Dad assured him.
“Hunter's turn! Treats please!” Hunter quickly hopped to get his carrot.
Hoppy Halloween, everybunny!

BIRTHDAY BUNNY
“Happy Birthday, Ruger!” Mom and Dad cheered as they entered the bunny room.
Ruger hopped up.
“You are one today!” Mom exclaimed.
Ruger was confused. “I am always one. I am only one bunny.”
Dad laughed. “We know that, today you are one year old.”
“I’m old?” Ruger questioned. “But I am baby bunny.”
Mom sighed as the conversation became more complicated. “Yes, you are still a baby bunny.”
Ruger settled back down in his cage.
“Pssst,” Hunter whispered. “Birthdays bring treats!”
Ruger hopped back up.
“He’s right,” Mom agreed.
Dad then gave Ruger, Hunter and Zoomer each a treat, with the birthday bunny getting an extra one with no arguments from the non-birthday bunnies.
“I like birthday!” Ruger binkied. “Tomorrow too?”
“Good try,” Mom said. “We’ll celebrate your birthday next year.”
Ruger binkied, looking forward to his next birthday.

DOUBTING THE DOTS
“Brrr,” Ruger said as Mom walked into the Rabbit Room.
“Are you cold?” Mom asked.
“Dots are cold,” Ruger said.
“Your Dots are cold?” Mom questioned. “But you’re not cold.”
Ruger shook his head no.
Mom was confused. “But how can your Dots be cold, but you aren’t?”
Ruger shrugged.
“None of the rest of your fur is cold?” she continued to ask.
“Just the Dots,” Ruger insisted. “Do you doubt the Dots?”
Mom sighed. “Of course not, how can I doubt the Dots?”
“Exactly,” Ruger was happy Mom was starting to see things his way.
“Well the Dots may have to compromise,” Mom replied.
Ruger was now the one wondering what was going on.
“I can’t just cover your Dots, that would get a bit complicated, I’ll need to cover all your fur,” Mom revealed.
“Blankie?” Ruger asked, hopefully.
Mom nodded.
Ruger binkied. “Dots approve.”
So Mom found a blankie and covered Ruger and the Dots with it.
“All better,” Ruger said. “No more brrrr!”

TREE TACTICS
Christmas was coming and Mom was ready. She had her decorations out and was raring to go. This was Ruger's first Christmas and Hunter's second Christmas. They were both fascinated by the whole process. It was only 10:00 am and since Zoomer wasn't a morning bunny, he snoozed while Mom, Ruger and Hunter decided on decorations.
“I'm putting up a mini tree in your room,” Mom said to Hunter and Ruger.
“Food tree?” Hunter asked.
Mom rolled her eyes. “No, a Christmas tree.”
Hunter shrugged.
“It's going to be a bunny-themed tree- rabbits all over it,” Mom told the bunnies.
“But no food?” Hunter asked and Ruger laughed.
“No food,” Mom confirmed. “Maybe Santa Paws will leave food under the tree for you bunnies.
“Santa Paws … food under tree … WHEN?” Hunter was beyond excited.
“Christmas morning, you have a bit of a wait yet,” Mom said.
Mom situated the small tree where the bunnies had a good view of it.
Then she put her white bunny with the holly around it under the tree.
“Waiting too?” Hunter asked the resin bunny.
Mom smiled. “He sure is and he's very quiet and patient.”
|”I'm not,” Hunter sat next to the resin rabbit.
Mom began hanging various rabbit-themed ornaments off branches with Ruger advising which went where.
Hunter hopped up and nosebonked the ones on the lower branches.
He saw Mom watching him, not looking too happy.
“No?” Hunter asked.
“No,” Mom agreed.
“Hurry, Santa Paws,” Hunter whispered to his resin friend.
Mom put the finishing touches on the tree.
Hunter hopped from under the tree, Ruger sat back and Zoomer woke up to admire it.
“Pawesome,” Zoomer complimented Mom.
“Good work, Hoomin'” Hunter agreed.
“And now it's time for lunch,” Mom smiled. “Yes, Hunter, food.”
Hunter binkied – a Christmas tree and food – he was a happy bunny.
MERRY CHRISTMASM HAPPY HOLIDAYS AND SEASONS GREETINGS TO EVERYONE AND EVERYBUN FROM OUR FAMILY TO YOURS!

TREAT DAY
Mom and Dad were getting ready for work.
Mom had already topped up the bunnies hay and pellets and water and Hunter was nomming away.
“Yep, treat day at work,” Mom said to Dad. “Everyone brings in food for everyone else to enjoy.”
Hunter stopped eating.
“Sounds like fun,” Dad said.
Mom laughed. “Treat Day is awesome!”
“Treat Day is awesome!” Hunter repeated in a whisper.
Zoomer and Ruger perked up.
“Hoomin’s have treat day at work - treats all day!” Hunter binkied with excitement. “Hunter go to work, bring home treats!”
“Mom will take you to work?” Ruger asked.
“Has to,” Hunter said. “Food there.”
Hunter thumped and the Hoomin’s entered the Rabbit Room. Hunter had started to groom his fur.
“Ready,” Hunter said, pushing on the cage of his door.
“Ready for?” Dad asked. “Mom already fed you.”
“Work, earn money,” Hunter continued to push on the cage door.
“We are going to work,” Mom replied.
“Hunter work too,” the Rex rabbit stated. “Let’s go!”
“You can’t be late today, Mom,” Zoomer agreed.
“OK …” Mom said.
“Open cage, time to go to food, I mean work!” Hunter insisted.
“Since when do you want to go to work?” Dad asked.
“Since today is Treat Day!” Ruger revealed.
“Exactly! Hurry, Hoomin’s! Treats waiting! Need to bring home to other bunnies too,” Hunter was pacing now.
“It’s a Hoomin Treat Day, Hunter, not Bunny Treat Day,” Mom said.
Hunter stopped pacing and sighed. “Aw, so sad.”
“But we can give you a treat when we get home from work,” Dad offered.
“Sure not Bunny Treat Day?” Hunter double-checked.
“I’m positive,” Mom nodded.
Another sign from the Rex rabbit.
“Treats after work!” Ruger binkied.
“Yay!” Zoomer agreed.
Hunter flopped. “Hurry home, Hoomins!”
We will,” Mom and Dad promised, heading off to work, leaving the bunnies to dream about their treats.

A SONG FOR A SNACK
Mom started to run the water to wash the dishes.
“Food … food … food …” a voice sang from the Rabbit Room.
Mom shut the water off to hear, but as soon as she did that the singing stopped.
Mom shrugged, thinking she was imaging it and turned the water back on.
“Food in bunnies tummies …” the voice sang again.
Mom shut the water off and the singing stopped.
She walked to the bunny’s room and didn’t find anybun having a concert. Mom went back to the kitchen and she had enough water to do the dishes so no more singing was heard.
Later that evening, Dad had just finished brushing his teeth and turned the tap on to rinse off his toothbrush.
“Hay! Hay! Hay! Bunnies love hay!” the same voice floated from the bunny’s room.
Dad stopped the water.
The singing stopped.
He turned the water back on.
“Timothy hay is in a pail, timothy hay by the bale …” the voice started again.
Dad shut the water off. Mom had heard the singing too and she and Dad both peeked in on the bunnies. But again, no bun was serenading them.
“Well at least you heard it too,” Mom sighed.
The next morning, when Mom was in the shower, she heard the bunny singing again!
“Food! Food! I love food! Makes me a happy mood!”
Mom didn’t rush as she knew as soon as she shut the water off, the singing would stop.
When Dad got up, Mom told him her plan. “You turn on the water and I’ll see who is singing.”
They set their plan into motion and Mom discovered the singing bunny’s identity.
“Hunter?” Mom and Dad chorused.
“Hi, Hoomin! Bring food?” he asked.
“Pardon?” Mom questioned.
“Hoomom’ sing in shower and then get food, you bring bunnies food when we sing!” Hunter binkied.
Mom burst out laughing. “HA! That’s pretty smart. I sing in the shower and then go have my breakfast, so you think when there is running water I should bring you food!”
Hunter nodded.
“Took you this long to figure out it was Hunter singing!” Zoomer exclaimed.
Ruger nodded. “He’s the only bun obsessed with food, should be obvious.”
Mom and Dad sighed.
“OK, this one time you can have a snack since you’re singing is so awesome,” Mom said.
And then Hunter flopped, awaiting the bunny breakfast he had sung about.

RESTAURANT FOR RABBITS
“OK, bunnies, no parties while Dad and I are out at the restaurant,” Mom smiled.
“Restaurant?” Ruger asked. “Nap time?”
Mom smiled as Ruger caught the “rest” part of the word. “No, it’s a place where people go to eat. You order food off a menu, a list, and then it’s prepared and brought to you at a table, along with something to drink usually.”
“Wow,” Ruger was impressed.
Hunter shrugged. “Hoomins do that here every day.”
Mom looked at the Rex Rabbit.
“We live in restaurant for rabbits,” Hunter said.
“Pardon?” Mom asked.
“Hoomin’s bring us food and water every day, no menu needed,” Hunter said.
“He’s right,” Zoomer agreed.
“Not always service with a smile,” Hunter sighed.
“You try smiling at 3:00 am when you’re woken up because somebun is almost out of pellets,” Mom countered. “Not out, almost.”
“It’s rough,” Hunter agreed. “Sad time when almost out of pellets.”
“No sympathy,” Mom’s turn to sigh. “You know, servers in restaurants get tips, Hunter, when they provide good service.”
Hunter smiled. “Love you, Hoomom.”
“Aw, that’s the best tip ever,” Mom smiled.

HUNTER’S HAY HABIT
Mom finished cleaning the cages and putting fresh hay, water and pellets in as well.
Zoomer and Ruger happily nommed away but Mom noticed Hunter was staring at his hay.
“Everything OK with your hay, Hunter Doodles?” Mom asked.
Hunter nodded, staring down the pile of hay.
And then he hopped, landing right on top of the hay.
Mom watched as a flurry of activity took place. Hunter was heaving hay all over his cage.
A moment passed and Hunter settled down.
“Um, just wanted to double-check that everything is still OK with your hay?”
“It’s perfect,” Hunter sighed, happily.
He had sorted the hay into three separate piles in his cage.
“This is something new …” Mom said. “A new hobby?”
“Sorting system,” Hunter clarified.
“You gotta explain this to me,” Mom said.
The Rex rabbit nodded. “Three piles. Now, sooner and later.”
Mom raised an eyebrow.
“Hoomins’,” Hunter sighed.
He started to nom the pile closest to him. “Eat this hay now.”
“OK, now I get it. Once you finish it, you move onto the sooner pile and once it is done, then the later pile,” Mom said.
“Exactly,” Hunter nodded.
“Brilliant,” Zoomer said.
“Really cool!” Ruger agreed.
“Thank you,” Hunter bowed. “Now I nom.”
Mom laughed as it didn’t take Hunter long to get to the “later” pile.

RACETRACK RABBIT
Mom looked around the living room, and then in kitchen and then followed the trail right to the Rabbit Room.
“Zoomer,” Mom said.
“Hey, Mom!” Zoomer periscoped and then resumed cleaning his feet.
“You’ve been busy,” Mom stated.
“I have?” the Dutch dwarf rabbit asked.
Mom nodded. “I followed the trail of knocked over items right here to you.”
“Oh, yeah, I am sorry, but you keep putting stuff in my way,” Zoomer explained.
“Zoomer, my books were on the second shelf, how is that possibly in your way?” Mom sighed.
“Well I never know when the racetrack will appear or take me, I just follow my feet, I can’t stop the hop,” Zoomer justified.
“I am going to suspend your hopping license,” Mom smiled.
“Can you really do that?” Zoomer was curious.
Mom shook her head. “Probably not, but I guess I will have to move my books and statues and other bunny items to higher ground.”
Zoomer binkied. “That would be great, especially now that you know we can’t stop the hop.”
“I have a funny feeling that is going to be your new motto,” Mom said as she reached down to pet Zoomer.
The bunny nodded. “I like it too! Almost as much as us bunnies like treats!”
“I can take a hint,” Mom smiled and went to the kitchen to get Zoomer, Hunter and Ruger some treats.

RUGER’S REVELATION
“Hoomom! Quick!” Hunter called.
“Something is wrong with Ruger,” Zoomer added.
Mom hurriedly made her way to the bunny room. She went to Ruger’s cage and looked at him. He was sitting up, munching on some hay.
Mom looked at Hunter and Zoomer.
“Just give him a minute,” the Dutch dwarf bunny said.
Mom looked at Ruger.
“Moo,” Ruger said.
“Did you mean to say “Mom”?” Mom asked.
Ruger shook his head no.
“Moo,” the Rex rabbit replied.
“Why?” Hunter was worried.
“I am not sure,” Mom admitted.
Ruger continued to eat his timothy hay and then lay down.
“Ruger?” Mom asked. “Any hints for me?”
“I’m not a bunny,” Ruger revealed.
“Pardon?” Mom, Zoomer and Hunter echoed.
“I am a cow,” Ruger said, stretching and going back to eating his hay.
“And how did you come to that conclusion?” Mom asked.
“Machine in living room told me,” Ruger said.
Mom paused. “Oh I think you mean the television?”
“Box with pictures,” Ruger confirmed. “Cows are white with black dots like me! And they eat hay!”
Mom smiled and sat down in front of Ruger’s cage. “Trust me you are a bunny. There are lots of other animals out there that have white fur with black dots just like you do.”
Ruger sighed with relief. “Oh good because I really like being a bunny!”
“And we really like you being a bunny,” Mom petted Ruger.
“And bunnies really like treats,” Ruger smiled.
“And that’s a not so subtle hint for me to bring them to you,” Mom grinned and went to get the bunnies a treat.

SNOW STOPPER
Zoomer and Hunter heard the familiar grumbling.
“Uh oh,” they said at the same time.
Ruger sat up. “What’s wrong?”
“It snowed,” Zoomer replied.
“What does that mean?” Ruger asked.
“Hoomom’ grouchy,” Hunter answered.
“Why?” the baby bunny wondered.
“We haven’t actually seen it up close, but sometimes when Mom opens the curtains, there is white stuff stuck to the window and that is apparently snow. It only shows up when it is really cold out and then Mom gets grumpy,” Zoomer explained. “For some reason, she doesn’t like having to go outside when there is snow.”
The bunnies heard the frustrated sigh and Mom walking around, getting ready for work, her footsteps heavier than usual.
“I don’t like snow either,” Ruger decided.
Mom came into the bunny room to check on food and water levels and give the bunnies their noserubs before she left for work.
She sat down in front of the cages.
“It snowed,” Ruger announced.
Mom was surprised. “How did you know?”
Hunter hopped to his feet and grumbled. Then he paced back in forth in the cage, loudly. He grumbled some more and then sat down in front of Mom.
“Oh, I have a snow routine do I?” Mom asked.
The three bunnies nodded.
“Sorry, guys. But when it snows it’s cold out and the roads are sometimes yucky and on those days, I just want to stay at home,” Mom said.
“Still snowing?” Hunter asked.
Mom got up and looked out the window. “Actually it stopped, and the road looks clear!”
“No more grouch?” Ruger asked.
Mom laughed. “No more grouch.”
“Till next snow,” Hunter advised.
Mom had to agree.
She gave the bunnies their noserubs, topped up hay, pellets and water.
“I still don’t like snow,” Ruger said. “But I like treats.”
Zoomer and Hunter agreed.
Before Mom headed to work she headed to the fridge to get the bunnies their breakfast treats.

PICTURE PERFECT
“OK, bunnies, how does it look?” Mom asked, holding the picture in place.
“Up a bit,” Zoomer said.
“Go left,” Hunter replied.
“Can I see it up close again?” Ruger questioned.
Mom sighed. “Bunnies, I asked for your opinion because I thought this was going to be an easy process. We’re just hanging a picture.”
Zoomer looked at Hunter and Ruger. “Is it OK if I speak for all of us?”
The two rabbits nodded.
“Mom, we aren’t just hanging a picture. We are hanging a bunny picture in the bunny room. We take decorating our room very seriously,” Zoomer advised.
Mom nodded, noticing the emphasis on “our room” and having the feeling this was going to turn into a much longer task than she had planned. Mom put the picture back in the exact same spot where had she previously held it.
“That’s it!” Zoomer said.
“Love it!” Hunter greed.
“Perfect!” Ruger practically cheered.
Mom turned around and stared at her bunnies. “Pardon?”
“No, really, that’s the spot,” Zoomer said. “Thanks!”
Mom hung the picture and slowly stepped down off the ladder, folding it up and then started to leave the room.
“You deserve a treat!” Ruger said. “That was a lot of work.”
Mom smiled and nodded.
“Treats?” Hunter asked.
“I think we have definitely earned it,” Mom agreed and went to get treats for everybun and herself too.

RABBIT REFRIGERATOR
Hunter was stretched out in the living room.
Dad walked by and paused, a commercial catching his attention.
“Hunter, look at that,” Dad said. “It’s a bunny-sized fridge.”
Dad left the living room and Hunter became enthralled with the commercial.
“Inventory clear out! Everything must go! We need all of our furniture and appliances out of here!” the announcer said.
“Out of there and to our home!” Hunter binkied into the kitchen.
He nosebonked Mom’s ankles. “Hoomom’ must see this!” and he guided her to the living room.
Mom sat on the couch while Hunter ushered Dad into the living room too. There the bunny parents sat till the commercial played again.
“Everything must go! Small, will fit in car!” Hunter exclaimed.
“We have a fridge,” Mom said.
“Hoomin’s do, bunnies don’t,” Hunter countered.
“We share our fridge with you now,” Dad said.
“Bunny-sized fridge is cute,” Hunter stated.
“Yes, it is,” Mom agreed. “But you still don’t need it.”
Hunter thumped.
“What if we give you your own drawer? We can even label it “bunnies”?” Dad asked.
“I see?” Hunter questioned.
“Sure,” Mom lead the bunny to the fridge and showed him the drawer that would be theirs while Dad got some table and a marker to label it.
“OK,” Hunter nodded. “Empty! Hoomin’s need shop, get treats for drawer.”
“We’ll do that this afternoon,” Mom promised.
“Deal,” Hunter agreed and hopped off to the rabbit room to tell Zoomer and Ruger what he had negotiated.

BEDTIME BUNNY
“Wow!” Ruger exclaimed when he saw Mom’s blanket and pillow.
“I know! Pretty neat, right?” Mom asked.
“Bunnies!” Ruger hopped onto the bed.
Mom had a bunny pillowcase on her pillow and a blanket that had a rabbit on it on the bed.
Ruger hopped all over the fleece blanket. “So soft, like my fur!”
Mom nodded.
Ruger sat down and yawned.
“Is it bunny bedtime?” Mom questioned the baby bunny.
“I think so,” Ruger stretched out on the pillow and started to try to move the blanket closer to him.
“Well let’s go back to the bunny room so you can sleep,” Mom said.
Ruger yawned again. “This is good. Bunny blanket and pillow just for Ruger!”
Mom tried to convince Ruger to hop back to his room, but to no avail, baby bunny was tired and was napping right where he was.
“Have a good nap, Ruger,” Mom gave him a little noserub and then exited the room so Ruger could dream.

MUSICAL MESSAGES
Mom was cleaning the kitchen when she heard Hunter’s voice.
“You have food, I’m your dude,” Hunter sang. “Don’t be rude, give me food.”
Zoomer and Ruger applauded.
“F-O-O-D makes me a happy bunny,” Hunter continued.
“Wow, that’s really neat!” Ruger said.
“Hoomins have feet, please bring me treats,” Hunter vocalized.
“Feet are very important in the treat process,” Zoomer said.
Mom was trying not to laugh out loud.
“Please don’t delay, bring me treats today,” Hunter sang.
Mom slowly opened the fridge, hoping the bunnies wouldn’t hear her.
“Hoomin’s feed me, I’m a hungry bunny,” the Rex Rabbit was on a roll.
Mom took some of the Romaine lettuce and washed it off.
She slowly made her way to the rabbit room.
“Hi, bunnies,” she said.
“Hi, Hoomom!” Hunter greeted her. “Wow! Lettuce for us? Nice surprise!”
“Oh yes, a total surprise, there was no way I could have guessed you wanted food,” Mom smiled as she distributed the lettuce.
“Our hoomins are the best, now time for Hunter to rest,” and he flopped over. Zoomer and Ruger followed his example.
Mom smiled. “Have a good nap, bunnies.”

FILING FRENZY
Hunter hopped out of the Rabbit Room and into the living room. He found Mom sitting on the floor, surrounded by papers.
“Mess?” Hunter asked.
“Right now it is,” Mom agreed.
Hunter flopped onto one pile of the papers. “Doing?”
“I am attempting to organize these papers so I can file them,” Mom replied.
“Hunter hungry,” the Rex Rabbit said.
“I know you have food in your cage,” Mom stated. “I checked before I started this.”
“Food, not treats,” Hunter hopped onto another small pile of papers.
“You have hay and pellets, that’s good for now,” Mom started to move papers around again.
Hunter periscoped and started to sway back and forth. “So hungry …” and he flopped over, scattering papers. “Only treats will do.” He covered his eyes with his paws.
Mom sighed.
Hunter peeked through his paws.
Seeing no effect on Mom, he started to make the growling noise he thought simulated the hoomin’s bellies when they rumbled.
“You’re not going to give up, are you?” Mom questioned.
“Nope,” Hunter admitted.
The Rex Rabbit hopped to his feet. “You get food, I file!”
“I don’t know,” Mom said.
“Easy! I do!” Hunter nosebonked his Hoomom.
Mom got up and went to get some lettuce for Hunter, Zoomer and Ruger.
She was only gone two minutes …
“Oh my,” Mom said.
“Is great!” Hunter binkied.
Hunter had pushed all of the piles into one big one. All of Mom’s sorting had been undone.
“Not so hard,” Hunter said as he accepted the lettuce Mom gave him.
Mom smiled and patted Hunter’s head. “Next time I file, I’ll give you treats before I start.”
“Good idea!” Hunter agreed as Mom went to give Zoomer and Ruger their lettuce.

EXERCISE EXCITEMENT
Ruger peeked out of the Rabbit Room and saw Mom laying on the living room floor. She started to sit up and then laid back down. Ruger decided he needed to check on her.
“Hi, Mom? OK?” the baby bunny asked.
“I’m great,” Mom said. “I’m exercising and just realized how out of shape I am.”
Ruger watched Mom do what she called sit-ups.
Ruger hopped onto her belly, and nosebonked her each time she sat up.
“Thank you, but it’s awkward with a bunny on my belly,” Mom said.
Ruger hopped off and headed for the kitchen.
It was a minute or so before Mom noticed he as gone. “Ruger?”
No reply. Mom jumped to her feet and hurried into the kitchen.
Ruger was staring at the fridge.
“You can have a treat when I have a snack after I am done my exercises,” Mom promised.
That sounded reasonable to Ruger, so he followed her back to the living room.
This time Mom laid on her stomach, she explained to Ruger she was going to attempt push-ups.
Ruger hopped onto Mom’s back. He leaned over her shoulder. “Good work!”
Mom took a deep breath and lowered herself to the floor. “Thank you, but these are nearly impossible for me without a bunny on my back cheering me on.”
“OK,” Ruger returned to the floor.
Baby bunny got bored and hopped back into the kitchen.
Mom noticed he was gone again and quickly followed him into the kitchen.
“Almost done, then snacks and treats,” she promised.
Mom and bunny returned to the living room where Mom did a few stretches.
“Easy?” Ruger asked.
Mom laughed. ‘’Yes, this is the easiest part so far.”
Ruger went back into the kitchen, Mom following close behind. “You know, I think my heart rate was up the most when I ran into the kitchen to see what you were up to! That was the most productive part of my workout.”
Ruger binkied as Mom got him and Zoomer and Hunter a treat and a snack for herself.

LAGOMORPH LIBRARY
Mom and Dad walked from the kitchen into the living, talking as they normally did. They were greeted with a thump and “shhh” from Hunter.
Mom and Dad stopped and looked at the Rex rabbit, who was sitting in front of Mom’s bookshelf, with a newspaper laid out in front of him.
“Hi, Hunter,” Mom said.
Hunter glared at her.
“You OK?” Dad asked.
“Shhh,” Hunter repeated. “Library.”
Mom and Dad exchanged looks, noticing too that Hunter hadn’t shredded the newspaper as he usually would have done.
Hunter sat up from his newspaper. “No food, no drink.”
Mom looked at the bottles of water and snacks she and Dad were carrying.
“Did Hunter really just say no food?” Dad questioned.
Mom nodded. “I guess I’ll put them back in the kitchen.”
Hunter nodded curtly.
Mom returned and she and Dad stood in the middle of the living room, not sure what to do.
“Let’s go to the bunny room,” Mom said. “Maybe we can talk in there.”
Hunter cleared his throat. “Bunny room is also library. Zoomer and Ruger appreciate hoomin’s cooperation.”
Mom and Dad resolved themselves to sitting at the computer table, quietly surfing the internet.
A short time passed and Mom felt Hunter scratching at her feet.
Mom looked down, not wanting to talk in case she broke the quiet rules.
“Lunchtime!” Hunter exclaimed. “Food!”
“But we thought food wasn’t allowed in the library,” Dad said.
“Not a library at lunchtime!” Hunter replied, nosebonking Mom’s ankle till she got up and headed to the kitchen to get her and Dad and the bunnies their lunch!

COLOUR CHOICES
“Bunnies, I have a decision to make,” Mom announced, stepping into the rabbit room.
Zoomer, Hunter and Ruger all sat up.
“I need to dye my hair,” Mom declared.
Three baffled bunnies looked at her.
“Your hair looks alive to me,” Zoomer offered.
“Oh, sorry, I meant colour it,” Mom explained.
Ruger asked. “With crayons?”
“No, no, not with crayons,” Mom said.
She then explained the process of how some humans changed their hair colour.
“Crayons would be more fun,” Ruger stated.
“I would like your opinions on colour choices,” Mom said.
“Green,” Hunter offered. “Like hay.”
“Green is a lovely colour,” Mom agreed. “But not for my hair.”
“You could dye your hair to match my fur,” Zoomer suggested. “Brown and white look awesome together.”
“Or you could do dots!” Ruger exclaimed. “Like mine and Hunter’s fur.”
Mom’s eyes grew wide. “Fantastic suggestions, but they just won’t work for me. I was thinking more of this.”
Mom showed the rabbits a paper with some different shades of brown, not far from her natural hair colour.
“Yeah, those are nice,” Zoomer said.
“Not as fun as our fur though,” Ruger offered.
Hunter was honest. “Boring.”
“Boring works!” Mom exclaimed. “Which shade of boring do you like the best.”
Hunter sat up and carefully looked at the selections. He nosebonked his choice and Mom showed it to Zoomer and Ruger. They agreed with Hunter.
“You bunnies are the best! I think we have a winner,” Mom said.
“Win food?” Hunter questioned.
“Sure, lettuce for everybun,” Mom declared.

SNORES GALORE
“Aw, he is so cute when he sleeps,” Mom said to Dad as they watched Ruger flop over at bedtime.
Dad nodded.
The bunny parents said good night and shut out the light. They were almost out the door when they heard it.
“Grrrr … hooonnnkkkk … shhhuuuuu ….”
The looked at each other.
“Grrrr … hooonnnkkkk … shhhuuuuu ….”
“What is that?” Mom asked.
Dad turned the light back on.
Zoomer and Hunter were awake, eating hay.
Ruger was still snoozing.
“Grrrr … hooonnnkkkk … shhhuuuuu ….”
“Is that noise coming from Ruger?” Dad questioned.
Hunter nodded. “Normal”
“He does it every night,” Zoomer confirmed.
“What is it?” Mom wondered.
Ruger yawned and stretched. “Not sleeping yet, just practicing.”
“You’re sure he does this every night?” Dad looked at Hunter and Zoomer, who nodded in agreement.
“That’s a big noise for a little bunny,” Mom said. “And what are you practicing?”
“Like you!” Ruger periscoped.
“Like me?” Mom said.
“Sleep noises,” Ruger replied. “Grrrr … hooonnnkkkk … shhhuuuuu ….”
“Oh,” Mom was trying not to laugh. “I snore.”
“I snore too!” Ruger binkied.
“No need to practice though,” Mom assured the bunny. “I snore enough for both of us.”
“OK, no more snore practice,” Ruger flopped again. “I nap for real now.”
Mom and Dad wished the bunnies good night again, shut off the light and listened but there was no more “Grrrr … hooonnnkkkk … shhhuuuuu ….” from the bunny room.

THE READING RABBIT
Hunter hopped up to Mom. “Hoomom’ read to me?”
“Of course!” Mom said. “Is there a certain book you are interested in?”
Hunter nodded and Mom followed him to the bookcase. He nosebonked one and she took it off the shelf.
Mom sat on the floor and started to read.
She noticed the confused look on Hunter’s face.
“Everything alright?”
Hunter shook his head. “Wrong words.”
“I’m reading what the pages say though,” Mom replied.
“I see?” Hunter asked.
Mom put the book down so Hunter could look at it.
The Rex rabbit looked over the pages and sat down. “I read.”
“Great!” Mom agreed.
“Bunnies love treats. Bunnies get treats every day,” Hunter paused. “Especially Zoomer, Hunter and Ruger.”
He looked at Mom.
“I don’t think it says that,” Mom sighed.
Hunter nodded and continued on. “Bunnies are hungry. Hoomom’ should feed now.”
“I know it doesn’t say that,” Mom replied.
“Book does,” Hunter assured her. “Smart book.”
“Smart book being read by a smart and hungry bunny,” Mom smiled.
Hunter nodded in agreement.
“I guess story time is over till you and your buddies get a treat?” Mom asked.
Hunter binkied and Mom went to get the tell-tale treats.

HAYSTACK ATTACK
Hunter happily hopped around the Rabbit Room.
He decided to check out the hay pail and periscoped to look inside.
“Oh no, oh no,“ Hunter mumbled to himself.
Zoomer and Ruger heard Hunter’s comments and looked to their bunny buddy.
“Hay pail is low! Can see the bottom!” Hunter said.
“I’m sure Mom and Dad have more hay somewhere,” Zoomer tried to assure the Rex rabbit.
Hunter was in a panic. “Gotta find hay.”
“Just let Mom or Dad know,” Ruger said.
Hunter hopped out of the Rabbit Room to find his hoomins.
They weren’t in the living room but Hunter knew they sometimes kept bunny pellets and hay in a blue bin in that room.
“Hunter will find,” Hunter said confidently.
He found the bin easily. The top was off and even though he periscoped, he could not see inside.
Hunter knew he had to find a way to see the contents of the bin.
Hunter hopped around and noticed a single step stool not far from the bin.
Hunter made his way onto the stool and then launched himself.
Mom was in the foyer, cleaning out the front closet when she heard the noise and looked in the living room. Seeing nothing, she started to walk around. And there she found Hunter …
“Hi, Hoomom!” Hunter greeted her happily.
He had landed on the bag of hay in the bin, knocking it over. And now he was literally covered in hay.
“Hunter?” Mom asked.
“Hay pail was low,” Hunter selected a piece of hay to nom. “Had to find more.”
Mom laughed. “And you obviously did.”
“Hunter happy!” the Rex bunny exclaimed.
Mom helped Hunter out of the bin, following him to the Rabbit Room to refill the hay pail.

BUSY BUNNY
“Hunter!” Mom called from the living room. “Come on, it’s time for you to help me sort socks.”
Hunter yawned but didn’t hop out of his cage.
“Hunter?” Mom peeked her head in the rabbit room.
“Hi, Hoomom’” he greeted.
“Sock sorting, one of your favourite things to do!” Mom said.
“I busy,” Hunter replied.
Mom stepped into the room. “Busy?”
Hunter nodded. “Busy bunny today.”
“But I like our sock sorting schedule,” Mom advised.
“Me too, but busy,” Hunter stated.
Mom folded her arms across her chest. “Busy doing what exactly?”
Ruger and Zoomer looked at Hunter.
“Eat, drink, poop, flop and repeat,” Hunter answered.
“And this is an all-day thing?” Mom questioned.
Hunter nodded. Zoomer and Ruger agreed.
“Think you can make time to sock sort with me tomorrow?” Mom asked.
“Your hoomin’s call my hoomin’s,” Hunter said.
“Um, I am your hoomin’” Mom replied.
“Oh right,” Hunter flopped. “Sock sorting scheduled for 6 pm.”
“Awesome!” Mom said. “Thanks!”
“Welcome, Hoomom’” Hunter replied. “Have treats for 6 please.”
“Definitely,” Mom promised.

SLIPPER SCANDAL
“I will never understand humans obsession with covering their feet!” Zoomer said as he groomed his feet. “They have socks, shoes, sandals, slippers, you name it, they have it!”
Ruger sat up and listened.
“Now, granted, their feet are not cute like our feet,” Zoomer stated.
“Our feet are adorable!” Ruger agreed.
Hunter had flopped over, grooming his paws.
Mom had heard the conversation in passing and grinned to herself. She went to the living room and then headed to the bunny room.
“Hi, bunnies!” Mom greeted.
“Hi, Mom!” the bunnies replied.
“Zoomer, look what I found!” Mom exclaimed, showing the Dutch rabbit his stuffie twin.
“Aw so cute!” Hunter said.
“I know!” Mom concurred.
She sat the plush Dutch bunny beside Zoomer’s cage. Zoomer nosebonked the toy.
“And look what I have for him!” Mom proudly displayed mini bunny slippers.
Zoomer froze.
“They will look great on his feet,” Mom said. “Or would you like to wear them?”
“PARDON?” Zoomer was horrified.
“Well, I can give the bunny slippers to plush Zoomer or to real Zoomer,” Mom replied.
“No Zoomer wants his feet covered!” Zoomer thumped.
Mom was trying not to smile. “I just want to make sure your feet aren’t cold.”
Zoomer grunted. “My feet are fine.”
Mom couldn’t contain her grim any longer. “You know I’m just joking.”
Zoomer thumped again. “Covering feet is no joke!”
Mom reached into the cage and petted Zoomie.
“I need a treat,” Zoomer sighed. “Slippers are stressful.”
“Very stressful,” Hunter agreed and Ruger nodded.
“I should’ve known that,” Mom said.
Three bunnies nodded as Mom went to get them treats.

RELAXING WITH RUGER
The stretch, the yawn and the flop.
Mom smiled. “You look so relaxed, Ruger.”
“Always,” the Rex rabbit replied. “You try.”
“I think if I flop over the way you do, I might break something,” Mom laughed.
Ruger always flopped with a soft “thud.”
“I help you,” Ruger insisted.
No way can a baby bunny be resisted.
Ruger stretched. “Now you.”
Mom stretched.
“Yawn,” Ruger instructed and so Mom did.
“Finish with a flop,” Ruger fell over.
Mom sat down on the floor and then basically rolled onto her side.
Hunter and Zoomer applauded.
“Good start,” Ruger agreed and hopped to his feet.
Mom laughed. “I can’t get up as fast as you.”
“That’s next project, Mom hop to her feet,” Ruger said excitedly.
Mom’s eyes got big. “Let’s make sure I perfect the relaxing first, OK?”
Ruger nodded, always happy to help his hoomins.

HAPPY DAY HUNTER
Mom walked into the Rabbit Room.
“Happy Day, Mom!” Hunter greeted.
“Good morning, Hunter, Zoomer and Ruger,” Mom smiled.
“Happy Day!” Hunter repeated.
“I guess it’s a happy day,” Mom agreed.
Hunter binkied in circles in his cage.
Zoomer and Ruger stared at the Rex Rabbit.
“OK, Hunter Doodles, spill the beans, why are you so happy today?” Mom questioned.
Hunter grinned. “Hoomom’ has day off work.”
“Yes, I did take a vacation day,” Mom confirmed.
“All day with bunnies!” Hunter said.
Mom nodded.
“All day to give us treats and noserubs,” Hunter was so happy he flopped over.
Mom paused. “Well, yes, but I have a few things I need to do …”
Hunter nodded. “Treats and noserubs and bunny and mommy time. ALL DAY!”
Mom smiled as three bunnies grinned at her.
“Yep, that’s why I took the day off,” Mom nodded. “All day with bunnies.”
Mom’s stuff could wait, bunnies could not ;)

FRIENDS IN THE FOREST
“Bunnies!” Mom exclaimed walking into the Rabbit Room. “I just talked to Grandpa and he has a whole bunch of wild bunnies at his house!”
“Cool!” Zoomer said.
“Neat!” Ruger agreed.
Hunter however was not as excited.
“Bunnies? In house?” Hunter asked.
“Oh no, they are in the forests around his house,” Mom replied.
“Food?” Hunter wondered.
“Of course they eat food,” Mom smiled.
“Grandpa’s food?” Hunter continued to ask questions.
“Well, no they wouldn’t eat human food,” Mom said. “Unless Grandpa bought them some lettuce or something.”
“That would be really nice of him,” Zoomer said.
Hunter’s mind was running a million miles an hour – he was picturing Grandpa feeding hundreds of wild rabbits.
“Treats?” Hunter asked.
“You already had treats this morning,” Mom replied.
Hunter sighed. “Grandpa give wild bunnies treats?”
Mom started to clue in to why Hunter was asking so many questions.
“No, I don’t think he is giving them treats. There’s a lot of wild rabbits there and that would be a lot of work,” Mom said. “Grandpa hasn’t seen a lot of the bunnies, just their tracks in the snow. They are rather shy, it’s not like they follow him to the fridge like you do with me.”
Hunter perked up, knowing his treats from Grandpa weren’t being diminished. “Oh, OK, yay wild bunnies.”
Treat crisis diverted Mom could now look forward to sharing more stories about their friends in the forests with Zoomer, Hunter and Ruger.

HAY PAIL HEIST
“Hoomins,” Hunter sighed loudly.
Zoomer and Ruger looked at the Rex Rabbit.
“Hay pail,” Hunter said. “Gone.”
“I’m sure they’ll bring it back,” Zoomer assured Hunter.
“They will,” Hunter nodded. “Didn’t ask.”
“Mom and Dad need to ask before they take our hay pail?” Ruger wondered.
Hunter nodded. “Ours, not theirs. Ask first.”
“That would be polite,” Ruger agreed.
“Baby bunny know,” Hunter smiled. “Hoomins don’t.”
Mom eventually wandered into the bunny room.
Hunter looked at her expectantly.
“Hello, my beloved bunnies,” Mom said, then seeing Hunter staring at her. “Everything OK?”
Hunter maintained his smile. “Sure, you bring back soon?”
Mom looked confused.
Panic sank in.
“Hay pail! Gone!” Hunter exclaimed.
“Oh my gosh it is,” Mom said. “I wonder where it is?”
“Hoomom’ don’t know?!” Hunter questioned.
Zoomer and Ruger were now in on the concern.
“I’m sure it’s around here somewhere,” Mom tried to reassure the rabbits.
She looked all around the bunny room and then checked the living room.
“Um, I really don’t know where it is,” Mom confessed.
“Hay pail gone,” Hunter was devastated. “No hay, ever.”
Mom rolled her eyes. “I’ll get you another pail to put hay in.”
“Thanks,” Ruger and Zoomer said.
But Hunter was not placated. “That pail get taken too!”
“It’s not like someone just wandered in and took your hay pail,” Mom said.
Three bunnies stared at her.
“Well I guess that technically is what happened …” Mom sighed.
Just then, Dad walked into the bunny room and sat the now full hay pail beside Hunter’s cage.
Mom and three bunnies stared at him.
“Uh, hi,” Dad said.
“Dad had?” Hunter asked.
“I walked by and saw it was empty. You were flopped over so I was really quiet when I took it out of the room,” Dad explained.
“But I looked in the living room and didn’t see you,” Mom said.
“Oh I had to get something out of the front closet, took the pail with me,” Dad replied.
Hunter flopped with relief. “Hay pail OK. Hunter OK.”
Life was good.

MEAL MISUNDERSTANDING
“Bunnies, Dad and I are heading out to get some food, be back in a bit,” Mom said.
“Have fun!” Hunter called out happily.
Zoomer and Ruger looked at their Rex Rabbit friend.
“Hoomin’s great, getting food,” Hunter flopped.
“But they didn’t say they were bringing food back for us,” Ruger said.
“Of course Hoomin’s will,” Hunter said confidently.
“I hope so,” Zoomer whispered to Ruger. “Or we’ll have Hurricane Hunter to deal with.”
A short time later …
Hunter heard the door open and his hoomin’s enter the apartment.
“Food, food, food,” Hunter sang.
Mom and Dad peeked in the bunny room.
“Hi, Hoomins’s,” Hunter greeted. “Hungry.”
“Not anymore,” Dad said. “We had a nice lunch.”
“Oh good,” Hunter replied. “Bunnies?”
“You still have lots of hay and pellets,” Mom observed.
Hunter’s ears went back. “You go out for food. Bunnies stay here.”
“Yep,” Dad agreed.
Zoomer cringed. “Did you happen to bring us food too?”
“No,” Mom said.
Hunter thumped. “Bad hoomins’!”
He turned his back to them.
“Uh oh,” Ruger whispered.
Mom and Dad looked at each other.
“Well, we could go out again and bring you back something for lunch,” Mom offered.
Hunter grunted.
“And we can apologize for not bringing anything this time,” Dad said.
Hunter’s ears slowly started to rise.
“And never let it happen again,” Mom and Dad said at the same time.
Hunter hopped to face his hoomins. “OK, love you again. Get food.”
Ruger and Zoomer sighed with relief.
Mom and Dad headed back out to get the bunnies something for lunch.
Hunter flopped, happy the meal misunderstanding was corrected.

EGG HUNTER
“One, two, three,” Hunter said. “Eggies can’t hide from me.”
Mom peeked into the bunny room.
Hunter was rubbing his front paws together.
“Hi, Hunter,” Mom said. “Whatcha doing?”
“Warming paws. Ready for eggie hunt,” Hunter replied and then started to do what appeared to be stretches.
“That’s great,” Mom said.
“He’s very serious about this,” Zoomer said.
“Stopped eating to exercise,” Ruger was in awe.
“Fur is camo,” Hunter said. “Eggies not see me.”
“Good point,” Mom agreed. “You know that we use the computer to eggie hunt so you won’t actually have to do anything. I’ll control the mouse.”
Hunter stared at Mom. “I am Eggie Hunter. I find them.”
Mom smiled. “OK, well, you can sit beside me and help me look.”
“Deal,” Hunter nodded. “Going to take a long time?”
“Maybe,” Mom said.
“Um, bring food?” Hunter asked.
Mom burst out laughing. “Sure, we can bring food to the computer desk.”
Hunter breathed a sigh of relief. “OK, Hoomom’, let’s go, eggies to find.”
Hunter hopped to the living room with Mom close behind, those eggies don’t stand a chance.

OVERLY EXCITED EGG HUNTER
“Ahh!” Mom exclaimed.
Hunter hopped back.
“What are you doing?” Mom asked.
“Being yelled at by Hoomom,” Hunter replied.
Mom wiped her eyes, trying to wake up. “Why were you staring at me while I was sleeping?”
“Waiting for you to wake up,” Hunter answered.
Mom stared at him now.
“Egg hunt,” the Rex Rabbit replied.
“It’s early,” Mom yawned.
“Time mean nothing to eggies,” Hunter hopped back onto the bed. “Must get them.”
“I think I am too tired to eggie hunt right now,” Mom continued to yawn.
Ears went back, a thump followed and then Hunter started to pull on the blanket.
“It’s too early to egg hunt,” Mom whined.
“Hoomom! Up! “ Hunter ordered.
“Fine, I’ll get up,” Mom said, trying to focus her eyes, she got a closer look at Hunter. “Are you wearing a sweat band on your head?”
Hunter nodded. “Dad make.”
Mom had to laugh. It was obviously a napkin rolled into a makeshift sweat bad. “Very nice. I guess this means business. Let’s go get some eggies!”
“And food,” Hunter said. “Hunting makes hungry.”
“Yep, breakfast first, then we egg hunt,” Mom agreed.
And Mom and Hunter set off on their continuing egg adventure!

MAINTAINING THE EGGIE MANIA
“Woo hoo!”
“You can do it!”
Mom heard cheering coming from the Rabbit Room.
“I got this!” Hunter said.
Mom looked in to see Hunter hopping on the spot. Zoomer and Ruger were cheering him on.
“Watch out eggie, here comes Hunter,” the Rex Rabbit whispered.
Mom smiled. “You sure are serious about this.”
Hunter nodded and Mom honed in on his front legs.
“Are you wearing leg warmers?”
Hunter nodded. “Old socks, Dad make.”
Mom burst out laughing. “That’s awesome.”
“Hunter awesome,” the Rex Rabbit agreed.
“Well we can go to the computer whenever you are ready,” Mom said.
“Need nap, and snack, then hunt,” Hunter replied and flopped.
Mom knew not to disturb bunny naptime so she quietly exited the room. Hunter would reappear – leg warmers and all – when he was ready to track the eggies.

THE BINKY MACHINE
Ruger peeked out of the bunny room. He could hear Mom in the kitchen and wanted to see what she was doing.
He quietly hopped to where the carpet met the linoleum and sat beside the bookcase, he could see Mom now.
She was taking a red machine from one of the counters and moving it to another one. Then she took a scoop out of a container and dropped it in the machine. The she placed a bowl in front of the machine. She flipped a switch and Ruger heard a whirring noise.
His ears went back but he was too curious to hop away.
Mom had moved to the sink so Ruger had a bunny-eye view of the noisy machine.
But Mom still hadn’t noticed the bunny.
Then Ruger heard a “pop” and something jumped from the red machine into the bowl.
The popping continued and more white things jumped into the bowl.
Ruger started to hop up and down with the popping.
Mom looked over to see the baby bunny. “”Hi, Ruger, what are you doing?”
“Hop, hop, hop with the pop, pop, pop!” Ruger exclaimed.
Mom laughed. “You like my popcorn maker.”
“Binky machine!” Ruger corrected her.
“Binky machine … I like that … from now on the Popcorn Popper is a binky machine,” Mom smiled, flicking the off switch.
“More?” Ruger asked.
“Soon,” Mom promised.
Ruger hopped back to the bunny room to tell Zoomer and Hunter about the Binky Machine and his “hop, hop, hop with the pop, pop, pop.”

MINIATURE MOMENTS
“WOW!” Ruger binkied around the living room.
Mom smiled. “What’s got you so happy?”
“Mini Ruger,” the Rex Rabbit replied.
He hopped over to where Mom had some of her miniatures displayed and put his paw in front of the small black and white bunny.
“I guess it is a mini Ruger,” Mom agreed.
“Small dots too,” Ruger was in awe.
Mom took the resin toy and sat it on the floor in front of the bunny.
“What does he eat?” Ruger asked.
“Nothing,” Mom said.
Ruger looked horrified.
“None of my statues eat food,” Mom assured Ruger. “They don’t need it, they aren’t real bunnies like you and Hunter and Zoomer.”
“Oh OK,” Ruger nosebonked the mini. “He needs a blanket to play with.”
Mom smiled and went to find the smallest “blanket” she could.
Ruger arranged the blankie around the toy.
“I think he needs a chew stick,” Ruger said.
Mom went and got one of the bunny chew sticks for mini Ruger.
Ruger laid down beside the toy. “We’re tired, time to nap.”
And he flopped.
Mom smiled. “Sweet dreams, baby bunny, and mini bunny.”

SNORING STORM
“Well, bunnies, looks like we are going to get a thunder storm tonight,” Dad said.
The bunnies were not fazed by this news.
“There might be some loud thunder,” Dad added.
Again, no reaction.
“You guys don’t mind storms?” Dad asked.
Zoomer shook his head no.
“Not scary,” Hunter said.
“Mom’s louder,” Ruger advised.
“Mom’s louder?” Dad wondered.
Mom wandered into the bunny room. “What am I louder than?”
“A thunder storm?” Dad mused.
Now Mom was confused too.
“We show,” Hunter said, looking at Zoomer and Ruger. “Now.”
All three bunnies made loud growling noises.
Mom and Dad stared at them.
“Mom snore,” Hunter stated.
“It blocks out a lot of noises,” Zoomer added.
Ruger nodded. “We really appreciate it.”
“OK,” Dad said.
“Well, good to know I am appreciated,” Mom smiled. “Even if it is for my snoring!”
Everyone and everybun laughed.

EGG-HAUSTED
Mom hurried into the bunny room. “Sorry I’m late. Come on, Hunter, we have eggies to find.”
Hunter buried his nose in his hay.
“Hunter Doodles! Let’s go!” Mom insisted.
Hunter stretched. “Bunny tired. Pawsies tired.”
“I’m the one doing all the clicking,” Mom replied.
Hunter yawned but made no effort to get up.
“You have 65 eggies! There are more to be found,” Mom said.
Hunter looked at Ruger and Zoomer.
“Come on, let’s get your leg warmers and head band/sweat band on,” Mom encouraged.
“She’s not giving up,” Zoomer whispered.
Hunter sighed loudly. “Hunter egg-hausted.”
“You just have to sit there!” Mom said.
“Maybe there’ll be food,” Ruger added.
“Food?” Hunter said.
“I’m pretty sure I can arrange some food for you at the computer desk,” Mom agreed.
Hunter hopped to his feet, pacing loudly. “Food … I mean, eggies to find. Hurry, Hoomom’!”
Mom opened Hunter’s cage and winked at Ruger and Zoomer.
When Hunter got his food at the computer desk (AKA a treat), Zoomer and Ruger would have something delivered to their cages as well.

FOOD TREE FIASCO
“It’s pretty neat,” Mom agreed.
“Yep our own apple tree, “ Dad said. “It’ll be great, growing our own food.”
From the Rabbit Room, Hunter honed in on the words “tree” and “food.”
He started to paw and chew at his cage. “Hoomins! Need to see!”
Mom entered the room and released the bunny. He hopped directly to the kitchen.
“Food tree?” has asked.
“Well it’s technically a fruit tree,” Dad said.
Hunter shrugged. “Make food?”
“Apples will eventually grow on it,” Mom said. “We have to plant it outside eventually though.”
“No food now?” Hunter periscoped.
“Not right away,” Dad replied.
“Money back?” Hunter wondered.
“We knew it didn’t come with food, I mean apples, growing right now,” Dad answered.
“Ripped off,” Hunter mumbled.
Mom and Dad both sighed.
“An apple tree isn’t like a drive-thru,” Mom said.
“Drive thru?” Hunter asked.
Mom then had to explain what a drive-thru was.
“WOW!” Hunter binkied. “Hay?”
“I don’t think there is a drive-thru for hay yet,” Dad replied.
Hunter focused again on the tree. “No food yet.”
Mom and Dad shook their heads.
“Call bunny when food on tree,” and Hunter hopped back to his cage.
Mom and Dad promised to do so.

THUMP ON, THUMP OFF
Hunter likes his night light.
Hunter needs his night light.
When it stopped working it was not a happy day, or night, for the Rex Rabbit.
“Hoomins! Hurry! Dark!” Hunter was pacing in his cage.
“Hunter, we haven’t shut the room light off yet and we won’t until your new night light is in place,” Dad assured the bunny.
Mom entered the room and plugged in 2 lights.
Zoomer and Ruger had settled in for the night but Hunter was still on high alert.
“Two?” Hunter asked.
Mom nodded. “This bottom one is the same as the night light you had before. This top one however is special.”
“How?” Hunter asked.
“Well, let’s say if for some reason, the bottom light stops working, if we clap, or make a loud noise, the top one will turn on. And if you clap a second time, it shuts off. It won’t stay on all night but would give you light when you need it,” Mom explained.
“But we can’t clap,” Ruger said.
Hunter thumped and the light came on. “Works.”
Mom and Dad wished the bunnies good night and went to their room.
They heard a thump and then another and another and another.
Mom wandered back into the bunny room and looked at Hunter.
“Checking,” he said.
“It works,” Mom sighed. “Plus your bottom night light is working.”
Hunter nodded.
Mom went back to bed.
Thump. Thump. Thump. Thump. Thump. Thump.
Mom appeared again in the Rabbit Room.
The three bunnies were hopping in their cages.
“Disco,” Hunter smiled.
“I am not sure how you even know what a disco is,” Mom yawned. “But I am shutting the party down.”
“Aw,” three bunnies chorused.
“Good night,” Mom yawned again.
Mom almost made it back to her room, when there was another thump, thump, thump.
“Hunter?” Mom looked into the bunny room.
“Thank you, Hoomins” Hunter whispered. “Good night.”
“You’re welcome and good night,” Mom smiled.
Hunter was happy, the world was happy.

UNSUPERVISED AND UNEVENTFUL
“OK, Jellybean,” Mom said to Ruger. “I am going to leave you unsupervised for a minute.”
Ruger was out of his cage in the Rabbit Room, spending time with Mom.
Mom left the room.
“What does that mean?” Ruger asked Hunter and Zoomer.
Hunter grinned. “OK, ‘unsupervised’ … no hoomins!”
Zoomer nodded.
Ruger sat down. “This is kind of boring without Mom.”
“No hoomins, more fun!” Hunter said.
“How?” Ruger asked.
“Throw socks,” Hunter grinned.
“All of Mom’s socks are in the dresser,” Ruger said.
Hunter sighed. “Have food!”
“I’m not hungry though,” Ruger replied.
“Bring Hunter food!” the Rex Rabbit encouraged.
Ruger was able to reach a piece of hay in the hay pail and passed it to Hunter.
“Thanks!” Hunter nommed the hay.
“You can just flop and wait for Mom to get back,” Zoomer said. “That’s what I do.”
“Not so much fun,” Hunter added.
A few minutes later Mom reappeared.
“Wow, you haven’t moved very far since I left the room,” she said, sitting down beside Ruger.
“Good bunny!” Hunter commented.
“He sure is,” Mom agreed. “All of you boys are good bunnies.”
“Need treats,” Hunter stated.
“You always need treats,” Mom laughed.
Hunter did not disagree.
And seeing as Ruger had been so good when she left him unsupervised, Mom did so again, going to get some treats for Zoomer, Hunter and Ruger.

HUNTER GREEN
“It’s a great colour,” Mom said.
“It’s alright,” Dad replied.
“Hunter green is very natural,” Mom replied.
Zoomer and Ruger looked at the Rex Rabbit.
“Hunter green?” Hunter mumbled. “Hunter not green.”
“That wouldn’t be natural,” Zoomer agreed.
“Hay is green,” Ruger added.
“Hay natural,” Hunter grumbled and thumped.
Mom and Dad peeked in the bunny room.
Hunter’s ears were back and he was obviously not happy.
“Hoomins!” Hunter thumped again.
Mom and Dad stepped into the room.
“No green,” Hunter said. “White and brown and black.”
Mom and Dad exchanged confused looks.
Hunter periscoped. “See green? NO!”
“Not sure what you are talking about,” Mom admitted.
“Fur,” Hunter sighed. “Not green!”
“Of course your fur isn’t green,” Dad agreed.
Hunter looked exasperated.
“We heard you say that Hunter is green,” Zoomer replied.
“What you heard was us discussing the colour of my new shirt,” Mom smiled.
“Oh,” three bunnies chorused.
“Thought hoomins were silly,” Hunter said and flopped, happy that his hoomins didn’t think his fur was green.

TICKET TALK
“Zoomie! You have to slow down!” Mom scolded the brown and white dwarf Dutch bunny. “You are going to break something.”
Zoomer thumped. “Feet go on their own.”
“You have some control over them,” Mom sighed as she straightened up the knocked over items Zoomer had left behind.
Zoomer continued to frown.
“If you were driving a car, you would have been given a speeding ticket.” Mom said.
The bunny shrugged. “Tickets are good.”
Mom shook he head. “It would be an expensive ticket at the speed you were moving, a few hundred dollars.”
“Wow! I’d win a few hundred dollars for going that fast?” Zoomer was excited.
“No, when you get a speeding ticket, you have to pay the police, they don’t give you money,” Mom said. “You are thinking of a lottery ticket where you can win money. Two totally separate things.”
“Oh …” Zoomer gulped.
“And if you were going too fast, they would suspend your hopping license,” Mom said.
Zoomer’s eyes got big.
“Yep, no hopping in any room but the Rabbit Room if that happens,” Mom advised.
“Eek,” Zoomer whispered.
“They could even charge you with reckless hopping,” Mom sighed. “This is serious.”
Zoomer looked at his feet. “They’ll slow down.”
Mom nodded. “Perfect. Head into the bunny room and I’ll bring some treats.”
That made Zoomer binky and he hopped slowly to tell Hunter and Ruger they were getting treats.

PONY PROBLEMS
“Pardon?” Mom asked Zoomer, staring at him and Hunter and Ruger.
“We want a pony,” Zoomer repeated.
“Do you know what a pony is?” Mom questioned.
“A pet,” Ruger replied.
Mom sighed. “Not quite what I was asking, do you know what they look like?”
The three rabbits stared at her.
“Be right back,” Mom said and reappeared a few minutes later with a book to show the bunnies what a pony was.
“Cute,” Hunter said.
“We for sure want one now,” Ruger nodded.
“Where’d you get this idea?” Mom asked.
“We heard you talking to Grandpa about horses and ponies and we thought the pony sounded neat,” Zoomer answered. “And now we want one.”
“OK, ponies are a lot of responsibility,” Mom said. “They eat a lot and they poop a lot.”
“Good thing you have practice,” Hunter stated.
“Practice?” Mom asked.
“Stealing poop,” Hunter said. “Lots of cage cleaning.”
“I am cleaning up the ponies poop?” Mom sighed.
Three bunnies nodded.
“Do you know how much hay they eat?” Mom asked the bunnies.
“Eat hay?” Hunter mumbled.
“Yes,” Mom said. “Probably 4 of your hay pails a day.”
Hunter’s ears went back.
“It’s OK,” Zoomer assured the Rex Rabbit. “Our pony will live at Grandpa’s. He won’t be eating our hay.”
“OK,” Hunter flopped, happy his hay was safe.
“Now why do you think the pony will live at Grandpa’s?” Mom threw her hands in the air.
“We heard you say he had stables where his horses used to live. And if he had horses, there must have been hay,” Zoomer said.
“When can we meet our pony?” Ruger was excited.
Mom smacked her hand against her forehead. Then a smile crept across her face. “One second.
Mom returned, her hands behind her back.
The three rabbits stared.
“Meet your pony,” Mom said, presenting the stuffed toy horse to Zoomer, Hunter and Ruger. “He can live here, he doesn’t eat hay, so no poop cleaning required.”
“Works for us,” Zoomer nodded.
“No food,” Hunter approved.
“He’s cute,” Ruger smiled.
Mom put the pony on a shelf where all the bunnies could see him, happy the pony problem was no longer a problem!

FAKE FOOD
Mom sighed as Hunter flopped over, laughing.
“Hunter, I swear it’s the truth.”
“Ha ha ha, hoomom’, silly,” Hunter chuckled. “Fake food is real?”
Mom recalled having a similar conversation with other bunnies, but they hadn’t found it as funny.
“Hoomins, I mean, people, use it for decorations,” Mom said.
“Food not for decorating,” Hunter sat up. “It’s for nomming.”
“Fake food isn’t,” Mom said.
Ruger and Zoomer were intently listening to Mom try to convince Hunter she was telling the truth.
“You have?” the Rex rabbit questioned.
“Of course not,” Mom said. “But follow me.”
Mom opened Hunter’s cage so he could follow her to the living room.
Mom ran a quick search and showed the computer screen to Hunter.
The bunny periscoped.
“What? Why?” Hunter asked and thumped.
“People seem to like it,” Mom replied.
Hunter shook his head and grumbled. “Hoomin’s … no make sense … fake food …”
Mom could see how upset Hunter was. “Would you like some real food?”
“Yes, please, bunnies need foods,” Hunter binkied back to the Rabbit Room to let his friend know that fake food existed but they only got the real deal.

NOSERUB CLUB
Mom could hear Hunter chewing on his cage.
She walked back into the Rabbit Room.
“Hunter Doodles, stop!” Mom said.
Hunter looked up at her and hopped to the right hand side of his cage and sat there.
“Good boy,” Mom said and exited the room.
As soon as she left, she heard the chewing again.
“Hunter,” Mom said. “Enough. You have hay, pellets and water.”
Hunter hopped back to the corner he had previously sat in and stared at Mom.
“Good bunny,” Mom smiled and left the room again.
A third time she heard the chewing.
“OK, this is getting a bit silly,” Mom reappeared.
“You forgot,” Zoomer said.
Three bunnies stared at Mom.
“Oh my gosh! I did forget,” Mom shook her head.
She quickly bent down and petted Hunter’s nose, then Zoomer and Ruger.
Hunter flopped. “Happy now.”
The three members of the Noserub Club were all happy!

FOOD FORECAST
“Watching?” Hunter periscoped trying to see the computer screen.
Mom moved the computer closer so her bunny could see.
“Don’t know,” Hunter shrugged.
“It’s the weather forecast,” Mom replied.
Hunter stretched out.
“The weather people try to predict what the weather will be,” Mom explained. “Sometimes they are right and sometimes they are wrong.”
“Weather hoomins’” Hunter corrected. “Weather bun better.”
Mom laughed. “You never know. That could be a career for you.”
Hunter flopped. “Get paid?”
Mom nodded. “I am sure you would if you worked as a weather bunny.”
Hunter sat up, thinking this over.
“Better idea, Hoomom’,” he revealed.
Mom was all ears.
“Food forecast,” Hunter smiled.
“And how does that work?” Mom asked.
“I see hay for this afternoon,” Hunter replied.
Mom was trying not to laugh.
“Treats for tonight,” Hunter added. “This weather bun always right.”
“Well you’re not really predicting the weather,” Mom said.
“True,” Hunter agreed. “Not weather bun, but still always right.”
“In this case yes, you are, you will have hay this afternoon,” Mom nodded. “And we’ll find some treats for tonight.”
Hunter binkied back to the Rabbit Room to tell Zoomer and Ruger the good news.

GOING TO GRANDPA’S
“Hoomom’! We go now!” Hunter’s voice floated from the Rabbit Room.
Mom walked in. “Where are we going?”
“No Hoomom’,” Hunter shook his head. “Bunnies going.”
Mom looked at Zoomer and Ruger, they nodded solemnly.
“Where are you going exactly?” Mom questioned.
“Grandpa’s” the three rabbits replied.
“To Grandpa’s?” Mom asked. “Does he know about this?”
“No,” Hunter replied. “Loves us, we stay, it’s OK.”
“Yes, he does love you but he might want to know he has three bunnies apparently going to live with him,” Mom answered.
“You call before we leave,” Hunter said.
“I’m driving you?” Mom questioned.
“No licenses,” Hunter rolled his eyes.
“And why exactly are you going to live with Grandpa?”
“Treats,” Zoomer, Hunter and Ruger answered.
“He always has treats when he visits us so he must have a lot of them at his house,” Zoomer added.
“OK, well I usually give Grandpa the treats he gives you when he visits,” Mom said. “And I am sure he would have treats at his house if you went there to visit him but that doesn’t mean you would get all the treats you want.”
There were 3 really disappointed bunnies after hearing that.
“I guess we stay,” Hunter sighed.
Zoomer and Ruger nodded in agreement.
“Well that makes me very happy,” Mom smiled. “So happy I think we need treats!”
And all of a sudden, three bunnies were happy too!

BUNNY BITES A BOOK
“Books are awesome!” Ruger said to Mom.
“I agree,” Mom smiled and nodded.
Then she clued in that Ruger never showed any interest in her books other than trying to chew on them …
Mom quickly moved the two books she had beside her on the floor.
Ruger pouted.
“Be quicker,” Hunter called from his cage.
“Do not encourage him to chew on my books,” Mom scolded Hunter.
Hunter sighed and flopped. “Good though.”
“No, books are not good to chew on,” Mom shook he head.
“Silly hoomin’s read, better to chew,” Hunter said.
Mom sighed.
During this conversation with Hunter, Ruger had hopped out of the Rabbit Room.
Mom went about organizing stuff in the bunny’s room when she heard a “rip” from the living room.
Ruger suddenly high-tailed it back into the room, a piece of paper hanging from his mouth.
“Did it!” Hunter congratulated him.
Zoomer sat up, curious to see what book the baby bunny had bitten.
Mom was not impressed as she picked up the paper trophy.
But she breathed a sigh of relief. “It’s the phone book.”
“It’s still a book!” Ruger binkied.
“Yes, it is a book but not one of MY books,” Mom said.
Ruger flopped. “Mission accomplished. I never have to bite a book again.”
Mom sure was happy to hear that!

CHOOSING CHORES
“Time to sort socks, boys!” Mom exclaimed.
No response from any of the bunnies.
“This is one of our favourite things to do!” Mom was enthusiastic.
Zoomer grumbled, Hunter flopped and Ruger replied. “Socks no fun.”
“Oh,” Mom sighed. “Well I appreciate your help with any chores you can do.”
The three bunnies stared at her.
“You mean, like clean our own cages?” Zoomer asked.
“I did see a video on the internet of a bunny that cleans up his own poop with a vacuum cleaner!” Mom was very excited by this prospect.
“Not in this lifetime,” Zoomer thumped.
“Maybe you could help with the dishes,” Mom wondered.
“No! Get dish pan paws!” Ruger replied.
“I grocery shop,” Hunter offered.
Mom shuddered at the thought of Hunter loose in a grocery store with unlimited food selections at his paw. “Thanks, but no.”
A long pause followed.
“Maybe you bunnies just need to focus on being your adorable selves and your Dad and I will just continue with the chores,” Mom suggested.
Three bunnies were quick to agree to those arrangements.

FALLING OVER FOR FOOD
“They just fall over?” Ruger asked.
Mom nodded. “That’s why they are called fainting goats.”
“When they get scared they flop?” Zoomer questioned.
“Well, I wouldn’t say it’s flopping, it’s falling over out of fright,” Mom said.
Ruger and Zoomer looked at each other, fascinated by the concept of fainting goats. Hunter had been enjoying his hay, listening to the conversation.
“I’m going to go do the dishes, be back in a bit,” Mom said.
When she had left the room, Hunter asked his bunny friends about the fainting goats. “Fall down? Cause ‘fraid?”
Zoomer nodded.
“Hunter ‘fraid if no food,” the Rex rabbit said.
“Or treats,” Ruger added.
Hunter’s eyes got big. “That very scary.”
A little while later, Mom and Dad entered the Rabbit Room to hang out with the bunnies.
And Hunter flopped over.
“He’s so cute when he flops,” Mom said.
“He does that because he wants me to pet him,” Dad replied.
Hunter sat up, looking very disgruntled. “Not flopping! Fainted” and he fell over again.
“No, that’s a flop,” Dad said.
Hunter sat up again, ears back and thumped. “Fainted.”
Over he went again.
Mom and Dad looked at each other.
“Why are you, um, fainting?” Mom asked Hunter.
“’Fraid,” he whispered.
“Afraid of what?” Dad questioned.
“No food or treats,” Hunter continued to whisper.
“Oh my gosh, you can see your hay pail and bag of pellets from where you are laying right now,” Mom sighed.
“Can’t see treats…” Hunter said.
Mom and Dad looked at each other and rolled their eyes.
“Guess I’ll go get treats so Hunter stops fainting,” Dad said.
“Oh thank you,” Hunter said. “So scary…
Mom smiled. “He’ll be back in a minute.”
And sure enough, Dad reappeared with treats for all of the bunnies. And miraculously Hunter stopped “fainting” as soon as he received the treats ;)

WRITING FOR RUGER
“Mom!” Ruger called out.
Mom appeared in the Rabbit Room. “What’s up, Jellybean?”
“I want to write a blog,” Ruger declared. “I need you to type though, my pawsies aren’t fast enough.”
Mom let Ruger out of his cage and he hopped behind her to the computer.
“What’s the title?” Mom asked.
“Um, Baby Bunny Blog,” Ruger grinned.
Mom typed and waited for Ruger to continue.
“OK, I am a bunny. And I am really cute. I have a tail,” Ruger said.
Mom paused.
“I have 2 brothers, Zoomer and Hunter. Zoomer hops pretty fast and Hunter likes food, a lot.”
Mom tried not to smile.
“My Mom is typing this blog for me. If there are any spelling mistakes it’s not my fault,” Ruger continued.
Mom raised an eyebrow.
“Mom snores, really loud,” Ruger said. “And Dad gives us extra treats when he is at home and Mom isn’t. Uh oh …”
“Need me to delete that part?” Mom asked.
Ruger nodded.
“I like to flop,” Ruger added. “Thanks for reading.”
“All done?” Mom questioned.
Ruger nodded again. “That was a lot of work.”
Mom smiled. “Let me guess, you worked up an appetite and now you need a treat?”
“Wow! How’d you know?” Ruger was amazed.
“Because I know my bunnies,” Mom replied and headed to the kitchen to get Ruger, Zoomer and Hunter some Romaine.

RABBIT ROUTINE
Mom’s alarm went off at 6:30 am as usual but the bunnies didn’t know that she was already up!
Mom and Dad were peeking around the corner into the Rabbit Room.
“You have to see this,” Mom whispered.
Hunter hopped to his feet. “Breakfast bell!”
Hunter stretched and surveyed his cage.
Time to begin preparing for breakfast!
There was a little bit of hay left, so he pushed it under his water bowl that was attached to the side of his cage.
There were also a few pellets left so he quickly nommed them.
“Food is coming, new food,” Hunter was actually singing.
Ruger and Zoomer were still sleepy-eyed, not nearly as excited as Hunter was that it was the morning.
“Hoomom’ bringing breakfast to bunnies!” Hunter binkied.
Mom and Dad were trying not to laugh.
Hunter flopped and the quickly got back to his feet.
He started to groom himself and then took his position in the corner closest to the door.
That’s when he finally noticed Mom and Dad.
“Doing?” Hunter asked.
“Watching you wait for breakfast,” Mom smiled.
“Where is?” Hunter questioned.
“Well we were watching you and didn’t have time to get breakfast,” Dad replied.
Hunter thumped. “Bunnies ready, hoomin’s not.”
“Guess we’ve been told,” Mom said.
“Food please,” Hunter requested.
Mom and Dad made their way to the kitchen to get the bunnies their breakfast, not wanting to interfere with Hunter’s morning routine any longer.

MOON MUSINGS
Hunter peeked out of the Rabbit Room. He could see Mom was watching TV. He hopped out to join her.
“Hoomom’, watching?” the Rex Rabbit asked.
Mom smiled. “It’s a scary movie about werewolves.”
As if on cue, the werewolf howled.
Hunter thumped. “Why owwwwww?”
Mom explained werewolves and the full moon.
“Silly, not scary,” Hunter shook his head and hopped back to the bunny room.
A short time later, Mom walked by the bunny room and heard the rabbits talking.
“Howls at moon,” Hunter was telling Zoomer and Ruger. “Goes owwwwwwww at moon.”
“Wonder why,” Ruger mused.
“It was just a movie,” Zoomer yawned.
“Are you telling your brothers about the werewolf?” Mom stuck her head in the door.
Hunter nodded.
“Well tonight we’ll have to see what phase the moon is in,” Mom said. “Maybe you can howl at it too.”
“Maybe,” Hunter agreed and flopped.
That night, Mom looked out the bunnies window. “Well, not a full moon but a quarter moon. It’s still pretty.”
Hunter periscoped so he could see it.
“Looks like nanner,” Hunter observed.
“Pardon?” Mom asked.
“Nanner,” Hunter repeated.
“The moon looks like a banana?” Mom took a good look.
Hunter looked at Zoomer and Ruger.
All of a sudden, the three bunnies “howled” and Mom jumped.
“What on earth?” she asked.
“Not earth, moon,” Ruger corrected.
“You’re howling at the moon because it looks like a banana?” Mom sighed.
“You catch on quick!” Zoomer said.
“Thanks, Zoomie,” Mom smiled.
“Makes sense to us,” Ruger added.
Hunter “howled” again. “Need nanner.”
“We don’t have any nanners,” Mom replied. “Will lettuce be ok?”
Hunter nodded and Mom went to get the lettuce, hoping that Hunter’s new hobby wouldn’t be howling for treats!

SO HOOMIN’
“Oh my gosh, bunnies, I am running late,” Mom sighed. “I have to make my lunch and have breakfast, get you guys your breakfast … a lot to do.”
“Mom is pretty busy,” Ruger observed.
Hunter rolled his eyes and sighed. “So hoomin’.”
“What does that mean?” Zoomer was curious.
“Hoomin’s always busy and always hurry,” Hunter replied.
Zoomer and Ruger nodded.
“Bunnies not,” Hunter said.
“That’s true,” Ruger agreed.
“But hoomin’s work,” Zoomer pointed out.
“Is true,” Hunter flopped.
“And we don’t,” Ruger added.
“And we won’t,” Zoomer confirmed.
Then Mom appeared with bunny breakfast.
The three bunnies thanked her and nommed the nanner slices.
“Being so hoomin’ is OK,” Hunter said.
“Yep, it means we get breakfast,” Zoomer agreed.
“And treats,” Ruger added.

HELPING WITH HAY
“Did I just hear you correctly?” Zoomer asked Mom.
“What did you think you heard?” Mom was always cautious when it came to the bunnies overhearing half of phone calls.
“Grandpa needs help with hay?” Zoomer questioned.
“Yes, that's what we were talking about,” Mom said. “Why?”
Hunter was now on his feet. “Grandpa! Hay! Food!”
“Now calm down,” Mom sighed.
“We could help him,” Zoomer said.
“Helping Grandpa would be fun!” Ruger binkied.
“Now hold on, you don't know the whole story. The hay is in the fields and has to be made into bales and then put on a wagon and pulled by a tractor and taken back to the barns,” Mom said.
“We could do that,” Zoomer assured Mom.
“Do what exactly?” Mom asked.
“I can drive the tractor,” Zoomer replied.
Mom shook her head no.
“We can put bales on the wagon,” Ruger offered.
“They're heavy and that would be a lot of work for three bunnies,” Mom replied.
“Uh, work...” Zoomer thumped. “We thought it would be fun.”
“We eat!” Hunter added his suggestion.
Mom laughed. “We brought you hay from Grandpa's before and none of you liked it, it's not timothy hay.”
Hunter frowned. “So sad.”
“I will definitely let Grandpa know that you offered to help with the hay though. He will really appreciate that you thought of him,” Mom assured the bunnies.
“Treats?” Hunter asked.
“Yes, Grandpa can give you treats next time he comes to visit.”
“Now?” Hunter was hopeful.
“Grandpa isn't here right now,” Mom replied.
“Hoomom' is,” Hunter smiled.
Mom nodded and went to get the bunnies some treats.

FORGOTTEN FOOD
“You're bringing home supper?” Dad's voice floated into the bunny room.
Hunter's ears perked up at the word “supper.”
“That's great. OK, see you shortly,” Dad said and hung up the phone.
Hunter thumped so Dad would come and see what was going on.
“Hey, Hunter, what's up?” Dad asked.
“Who talking? Food?” the Rex rabbit inquired.
“Oh that was Mom, she is bringing supper home for us,” Dad replied.
“Food?” Hunter whispered.
Dad nodded. “Well supper is food” and left the Rabbit Room.
Hunter looked at Zoomer and Ruger. “Hoomom' bringing food!”
“Awesome!” Zoomer binkied.
“How thoughtful,” Ruger grinned and flopped.
A short time later, Mom arrived home.
The three bunnies could hear her and Dad getting ready to eat.
“Hoomom'!” Hunter called out.
“Hi, Hunter, Zoomer and Ruger,” Mom peeked in the room and waved to her bunnies.
And then she went back to the kitchen.
“Huh?” Hunter wondered. “Hoomom'!”
Mom reappeared.
“Food?” the Rex rabbit asked.
Mom looked in their cages. “You have hay and pellets.”
“But supper?” Ruger asked.
“Dad said you were bringing home supper,” Zoomer added.
“I did, for he and I,” Mom replied. “Oh...”
“Forgot us?” Hunter looked heartbroken. “No food?”
“One minute,” Mom disappeared.
The three bunnies looked at each other.
“Look at this awesome salad!” Mom and Dad entered the bunny room.
“Romaine lettuce and shredded carrots,” Dad added.
The parents quickly distributed the salad.
“Thanks, Hoomin's, from us bunnies,” Hunter said between bites.
“You're welcome,” Mom replied, thankful that the supper she had picked up for her and dad came with a salad they could share with the bunnies!

TOOK THE TREATS
Mom wandered into the Rabbit Room.
“Boys, do I have a story for you” and she sat down.
“Is it a happy story?” Ruger asked.
“Well it has a happy ending,”Mom replied.
“Food?” Hunter questioned.
“Actually it does involve food,” Mom said.
“Well don't keep us in suspense,” Zoomer settled in to hear the story.
“Last night I chopped up some cantaloupe to take to work for my lunch today. I put it in a container in the fridge. Your Dad put some carrots in an identical container on another shelf,” Mom began.
“Carrots?' Hunter was all ears.
Mom took a deep breath. “When lunch time came today, I was really looking forward to my cantaloupe. However when I looked at the container, it wasn't my fruit,” Mom said.
“What was it?” Ruger's eyes were huge.
Mom took a deep breath. “It was the carrots.”
Three rabbits stared at her.
“And I though they were my cantaloupe. You know, same container, they're both orange foods,” Mom started to ramble.
“You eat?” Hunter asked.
“Well, no I wanted my cantaloupe,” Mom replied.
“What did you do with the carrots?” Zoomer asked.
“I brought them home and put them back in the fridge,” Mom sighed, the bunnies obviously did not find her story as amusing as she did.
“Have some?” Hunter asked.
“Sure thing,” Mom said. “Oh and in case you were wondering, the happy ending is that I am taking the cantaloupe tomorrow.”
“Treats today,” Hunter smiled.
Mom laughed. “You're so subtle.”
“And hungry,” Hunter told her.
As usual, off Mom went to get treats.

FAST FEET
“Oh my gosh it sounds like a herd of elephants is running around in here!” Mom walked into the Rabbit Room.
She saw Zoomer hurriedly hopping from one side of the room to the other.
“Whatcha doing?” Mom asked.
“Speed hopping,” Zoomer replied and continued.
“Speed hopping?” Mom asked.
“Obviously,” Hunter rolled his eyes.
Ruger laughed.
“And why all of a sudden have you taken up speed hopping?” Mom needed to know.
“My feet were getting bored with normal hopping” Zoomer said.
“B-O-R-I-N-G,” Hunter spelled it out.
“Can you take a break?” Mom suggested. “I am sure the guy below us would appreciate it.”
“Fine,” Zoomer gave an over-exaggerated sigh.
Mom thanked Zoomer and left the room.
A few minutes later she heard the stampede again.
“Zoomer! A break, you need to take a break!” Mom insisted.
“I did and my feet are bored again,” the Dutch Dwarf rabbit informed her.
“Follow me,” Mom motioned to Zoomer.
Mom ushered the bunny into the hoomin' room.
“You can speed hop on the bed until your feet aren't bored anymore.”
Zoomer zipped back ad forth for about ten minutes and then flopped. “Mission accomplished.”
“Maybe you can choose a more relaxed hobby next time?” Mom suggested.
And Zoomer agreed!

BLAMING THE BUNNY
“Well where did my roasted pecans go?” Mom wondered, looking in the fridge.
“Um, well,” Dad started to say.
Mom stared at him.
“So, um, Hunter ate them,” Dad revealed.
“Hunter ate my roasted pecans?” Mom didn’t even blink.
Dad nodded. “You had just left for work, and I heard the apartment door open, and by the time I got out here, well the door was closed again but the fridge door was open.”
“And where was Hunter?” Mom questioned.
“Well back in his cage, he had this planned,” Dad said.
Mom went into the Rabbit Room, explained the situation to Hunter.
“Pecans?” Hunter mumbled. “What’s pecans?”
“Food,” Dad replied.
“Food,” Hunter smiled. “I like food.”
“And that’s why you planned and then pulled off getting Mom’s pecans out of the fridge and eating them, while getting back to your cage before I was able to stop you,” Dad winked at the Rex Rabbit, and mouthed “extra treats when Mom goes to work.”
“Doodles didn’t do,” Hunter thumped, referring to himself by his nickname.
Mom folded her arms across her chest and looked from Dad to Hunter.
“I have a note …” Dad said slowly.
“He left a note that he was eating my pecans?” Mom said.
“Sure, just give me a minute,” Dad quickly went to the living room.
Mom, Hunter, Ruger and Zoomer waited for his return.
Dad came back a minute later.
He handed Mom a piece of paper that had the corner “chewed” and a picture of a bunny and a paw print on it with “moor pecanz pleaze” written.
Mom showed it to Hunter.
“Not me – no spots on fur,” Hunter said.
Mom looked at Dad. “So I don’t think it was Hunter that ate the pecans …”
Dad sighed. “OK, fine, I ate them, but they were so good.”
“See Doodles didn’t do!” Hunter thumped. “Blamed the bunny!”
Dad nodded. “I guess I owe you some pecans and Hunter a treat.”
“We can get me more pecans later but Hunter certainly deserves a treat now,” Mom said. “And Ruger and Zoomer too.”
And off Dad went to get the bunnies a treat.

THE NOSE KNOWS
Hunter has a super sniffer, especially when it comes to food.
The Rex Rabbit was awoken by his nose twitching.
Sniff, sniff.
Hunter sat up.
Sniff, sniff.
“Nanner,” he whispered.
Mom was up getting ready for work.
“Zoomer, Ruger,” Hunter whispered. “Nanner.”
The two bunnies hopped to their feet – bunny breakfast would be a banana slice.
Mom went about her morning routine and then wandered in to check on her bunnies before work.
The three stared at her.
Mom topped up pellets and hay and water.
“And?” Hunter asked.
“Oh, good morning, boys,” Mom replied.
“And?” Ruger questioned.
“Have a great day!” Mom added.
“And?” Zoomer was periscoping to look at her hands.
Now Mom stared at the rabbits.
“Nanners,” Hunter blurted. “Smelled it!”
“Oh … um … well …” Mom stammered.
“For bunnies?” Hunter was pacing.
“I kind of ate the whole banana already,” Mom confessed.
Three bunnies gawked at her.
“Bad Hoomom’!” Hunter thumped.
“Maybe tomorrow you will remember us,” Ruger said sadly.
“I promise,” Mom nodded.
Hunter placed his right paw on one of the bars of his cage.
Mom smiled and gently placed her pinky on Hunter’s paw. “I pinky-paw promise banana slices for you tomorrow.”
“She won’t forget,” Zoomer vouched for Mom.
Hunter nodded.
* * *
And yes, next morning, the pinky-paw promise was honoured.

OFFSITE OVERNIGHT
The bunnies watched as Dad began setting up to clean their cages, something Mom always did.
“Doing?” Hunter asked.
“Actually tonight I will be cleaning your cages,” Dad announced.
Zoomer, Hunter and Ruger exchanged glances and hopped onto their respective litter areas.
“Actually, you won’t be,” Zoomer said. “Mom does that.”
“Well tonight Mom isn’t home to do it,” Dad replied.
“We’ll wait,” Ruger decided.
“Mom won’t be home till tomorrow and your cages need to be cleaned,” Dad said.
“Tomorrow? Where Hoomom’?” Hunter asked.
“She had to go to another town for training for her job,” Dad advised.
The bunnies stared at him.
“It’s about 5 hours from here and she will be home tomorrow evening.”
Hunter’s jaw dropped. “Abandoned us.”
Dad rolled his eyes. “She did not abandon you and I am here.”
“Food!” Hunter was in a panic now.
“Oh come on,” Dad sighed. “I feed you too.”
“Yes, you do,” Zoomer said, trying to calm Hunter down. “But Mom has a method to cleaning our cages. It has to be done the same way she does it or it just won’t work.”
“I am sure you can guide me through how to clean your cages,” Dad said.
The three bunnies looked at each other.
“We’ll try,” Ruger said.
And so began the cage cleaning ...
There was some grunting and thumping and eye rolling …
But an hour later there were clean cages.
Dad and the bunnies made it through.
Hunter flopped. “Hard work.”
Dad’s turn to roll his eyes. “You’re telling me.”
“You did good,” Zoomer said encouragingly.
“It’s not like I am a newbie, I have cleaned your cages before,” Dad replied.
“Mom would be so proud,” Ruger smiled.
“That’s a bit over-dramatic,” Dad had to laugh.
“No you weren’t over-dramatic at all!” Zoomer said.
Dad smacked his hand against his forehead. “You guys need a treat? Cause I sure do.”
Zoomer, Hunter and Ruger nodded in agreement.
Dad went to get some treats so they could celebrate the successful cage cleaning.

SUN’S UP, MOM’S UP
The birds were starting to chirp and the sun was peeking around the curtains in the bunny’s room.
Ruger and Zoomer snoozed away while Hunter started to plan his day.
“Water,” the Rex Rabbit whispered and took a drink.
He then pushed yesterday’s hay under his water bowl that was attached to the side of his cage, not that there was much left.
And he flopped.
A few minutes passed and he hopped up.
“Pellets,” and he nosed around in the corner where Mom always put his pellets. “Leftovers” and he gathered them into a tidy pile.
The sun shine was increasing and so was Hunter’s appetite.
Zoomer and Ruger continued to nap.
Hunter washed his face with his paws and stretched.
Mom should be appearing anytime.
Hunter looked around the bunny room, thinking if he could whistle to pass the time, he sure would do it now.
A few more minutes passed but still no Mom.
Hunter started to pace, ensuring he made some noise.
Zoomer and Ruger started to stir.
“No Hoomom’, no food,” Hunter whispered.
“She’ll be here,” Ruger reassured Hunter.
“Maybe she’s still trying to sleep,” Zoomer grunted.
“Sun’s up, Mom’s up,” Hunter replied.
And he started to pace louder.
“I hear you, Doodles,” Mom’s voice floated into the Rabbit Room.
Hunter binkied. “Food please.”
Mom slowly wandered in.
“Chirps loud and no food,” Hunter pointed out.
“Yes the birds sure are singing this morning,” Mom yawned and gave the bunnies their pellets and hay and checked their water. “OK, Hoomom’s going back to bed.”
Hunter had circled his cage and was in the corner closet to the door. He grunted his throat loudly.
“But not before I give everybun noserubs,” Mom laughed and proceeded to do so.
“Get more sleep now,” Hunter said to Mom and she nodded, that was her plan too.

BUNNY BATHROOM
Hunter was hanging out with Mom for the afternoon.
He stretched and exited the living room and returned a few minutes later.
Mom was folding laundry and had to take some towels into the bathroom.
She walked in and stopped dead in her tracks.
Beside the toilet was bunny poop.
“What the heck?” she wondered. She put the towels away and swept up the poop.
Mom went back out to the living room and sat down to watch TV.
An hour later, Hunter hopped out of the room again.
He returned to continue watching the TV with Mom.
Mom went to the Rabbit Room to check on Zoomer and Ruger, who were both stretched out enjoying a nap. She just happened to glance into the bathroom and saw more bunny poop beside the toilet.
Mom shook her head and again swept it up.
Later that afternoon, Mom noticed Hunter hopping towards the bathroom.
This time she followed.
He hopped in and pushed the door closed!
Mom quietly walked down the hall and knocked on the door.
“Occupied!” Hunter’s voice floated out.
“Sorry,” Mom sighed and waited for the Rex Rabbit to nose the door open.
There was more poop beside the toilet!
“Hunter, what are you doing?” Mom asked.
“Going potty,” Hunter replied.
“But you have a litter area in your cage,” Mom sighed.
“Hoomin’ bathroom bigger, now bunny bathroom too,” Hunter explained.
“But hoomin’s use the toilet, you apparently do not,” Mom sighed.
“Bunny banned?” Hunter asked.
Mom nodded. “Until you use the toilet.”
Hunter rolled his eyes. “Back to litter area.”
“I appreciate that,” Mom replied.
“I appreciate a treat,” Hunter said.
“We can do that,” Mom smiled and Hunter headed to the bunny room to wake up Zoomer and Ruger for treat time.

TOWEL TROUBLE
Mom walked into the Rabbit Room, wished they bunnies good morning, took something out of the bin where she kept the bunny supplies and exited the room.
Hunter lazily rolled up from his flop and stretched.
He wanted out for a run so he chewed on the cage till Mom reappeared.
“Come on out, Doodles,” Mom said.
Hunter sprang out of his cage and circled the room.
Something was off.
Something was missing.
Mom always put his little green and white towel on the floor when he was out but this morning, the towel was nowhere to be found.
“Oh no,” Hunter whispered.
Zoomer and Ruger looked at the Rex Rabbit.
“No food?” Zoomer asked.
“No towel!” Hunter squeaked.
“That is almost as bad,” Ruger said.
“Will find,” Hunter said and hopped out of the room.
He peeked around the corner and saw Mom putting some clothes in the laundry baskets.
Then he saw it – his towel! That must have been what Mom took from the room.
Hunter waited till Mom walked away from the laundry basket and hopped to it.
He could see his towel.
He persicoped. “My towel.”
But he could not reach it.
“So sad,” Hunter sighed and laid down beside the basket.
Mom eventually wandered back into the room and saw Hunter Doodles sulking beside the laundry.
“Hunter?” she asked.
He sighed. “Took my towel. Can’t reach.”
“I took the towel to wash it,” Mom explained. “I can have it back to you this afternoon.”
Hunter hopped to his feet. “OK! Treat till towel back?”
“Wow, you sure know how to negotiate,” Mom laughed.
“Zoomer and Ruger too,” Hunter added. “Everybun miss my towel.”
“Meet me back in the bunny room” Mom replied.
And off Hunter went to tell his friends about the treat and return of the towel.

HUNTER’S HAYRIDE
“Wouldn’t that be fun?” Mom said to whomever she was talking to on the phone. “I haven’t done that since I was a kid.”
“You were a kid?” Ruger asked.
Mom nodded and then hung up the phone.
“I wasn’t always an adult,” Mom confirmed.
“Talking to?” Hunter questioned.
“A friend of mine that is taking her kids on a Haunted Hayride at Halloween,” Mom replied.
“What’s that?” Zoomer asked.
Mom explained.
“Hayride?” Hunter hopped up. “Sit on food?”
“Well, I guess technically, people are sitting on the hay, which is your food …” Mom agreed.
“How many Hoomins?” Hunter was pacing.
“It would depend on how big the wagon is, Hunter,” Mom replied.
“Lots of hay?” Hunter interrogated.
“Yes, there would be a considerable amount of hay,” Mom said.
“Let’s go!” Hunter binkied.
Mom sat down beside Hunter’s cage. “These hayrides are only for people.”
“Not fair!” Hunter thumped. “Food.”
Mom could visualize Hunter’s thoughts … he’d be hopping and flopping on the wagon, “swimming” in hay.
“Grandpa has hay … wagon too?” Hunter wondered.
“Yes, he does have hay and a wagon. But his hay is all in bales, and in a barn now,” Mom explained.
Hunter released a big sigh and frowned. “Doodles down.”
Mom petted the bunny. “I don’t like to see you sad.”
“Me neither,” Hunter sighed again.
Mom snapped her fingers. “I may have an idea” and she left the Rabbit Room.
Mom returned with a small white bin full of hay!
“I emptied your hay pail into this,” Mom explained.
She opened Hunter’s cage – he hopped out and right into the white bin.
“Comfy?” Mom asked.
Hunter nodded and Mom the proceeded to slowly push the bin around the room.
Zoomer and Ruger cheered as Hunter flopped and nommed on some hay.
“Pawsome!” Hunter grinned. “Zoomer and Ruger try!”
And so they did ~ happy hayrides for everybun.

PECAN PANIC
Hunter peeked out of the bunny room.
He took a deep breath and hopped to the fridge.
“Oh no!” he exclaimed and fell over.
Dad came walking out of the front foyer into the kitchen and saw Hunter laying on the floor in front of the fridge.
“Hunter! Are you OK?” he knelt down beside the bunny.
Hunter raised his head. “More …”
Dad leaned in closer.
“Pecans,” Hunter continued.
Dad started to get suspicious.
“Please,” and Hunter laid his head back down on the floor.
“More pecans please?” Dad repeated.
Hunter nodded.
“You don’t even know what pecans are, Hunter,” Dad sighed.
“I do! Hoomom’ likes them!” Hunter hopped to his feet.
“Yes, I know,” Dad said. “Trust me, I know.”
“You get Hoomom’ pecans as treat, bunnies get treats!” Hunter revealed.
“So you pretend to pass out in front of the fridge to get Mom some pecans so you can get a treat?” Dad asked.
Hunter nodded.
“You could’ve just asked for treats!” Dad exclaimed.
“OK, treats please,” Hunter smiled.
“Wasn’t that a lot easier than freaking me out?” Dad opened the fridge to get some Romaine for Hunter, Zoomer and Ruger.
Hunter nodded. “Easier and thank you!”

BEEP, BEEP, BUNNY
Mom was trying to figure out how to set the time on her new wrist watch.
Every time she pushed a button, there was a loud “beep” which was followed by a thump from the Rabbit Room.
“Sorry, guys, shouldn’t be too much longer till I have this figured out,” Mom said, then mumbled to herself. “I hope.”
Beep, beep. Thump, thump.
“Bunnies, you know what the noise is, it cannot hurt you, please stop thumping,” Mom was actually sweating she was trying so hard to set the time.
Three more beeps and three more thumps.
Mom appeared in the doorway, watch in hand, looking frazzled.
“I really need to set the time,” she said.
“Stressing?” Hunter asked.
“Slightly,” Mom admitted.
Ruger thumped.
Mom looked at him. “There wasn’t a beep, no need to thump.”
“But there will be,” Ruger replied.
Zoomer was grunting quietly in his cage. “Can’t sleep … beep and thump … beep and thump …beep, beep, no sleep”
Mom left the room, continuing to push buttons, causing beeping which lead to thumping.
Suddenly, the hour started to flash.
“Oh my gosh, here we go!” Mom was too excited. “YES!! The time is set.”
“About time … “ Zoomer muttered, then realized his pun and chuckled to himself, then dozed off.
Hunter flopped and Ruger stopped thumping.
Mom sat down, beginning to read a book.
All was good until the next hour when the time changed and the watch beeped …
Mom smacked her hand against her forehead, realizing she had to shut off the hourly chime …
Luckily, for Mom and the bunnies, that was an easy fix!

GROCERY GRUMP
“Yes, Hunter, I hear you,” Mom called from the kitchen.
Mom had just gotten back from grocery shopping.
She wandered into the Rabbit Room and Hunter was chewing on his cage.
She released the Rex and he hopped right to where his towel was.
“Missed you,” Hunter flopped next to the towel and rested his head on it.
Mom smiled. “OK, I am going to finish sorting the groceries now.”
She left the room and Hunter perked up. “Food.”
Hunter hopped out of the bunny room and peeked around the corner to watch Mom.
“Darn it, I forgot a basket,” Mom sighed and headed back out to the car.
“Food, food, food,” Hunter happily hopped to see what Mom had bought.
He placed his paws on the edge of one basket, peering inside.
“Humph, hoomin” foods,” he grunted.
Hunter then started to nose open the fabric re-usable grocery bags.
Pretty soon he had canned goods rolling all over the place, boxes pushed aside and the bags flipped into one corner.
Mom re-entered the apartment to find Hunter sitting in the middle of the room and groceries all over the place..
“Hunter!” she exclaimed.
“Hoomom’!” he replied.
“What did you do?” she questioned.
“What did you do?” he quipped back.
“I did groceries,” Mom replied.
“Hoomin’ groceries,” Hunter grunted. “Nothing for bunnies.”
“Oh my … your lettuce is already in the fridge,” Mom sighed, picking things up. “You should have just asked.”
“I unpacked,” Hunter said, hoping Mom would smile. “Helped you.”
“Ya, we’ll go with that,” Mom said, starting to pick up the groceries.
Hunter nosed a can towards her. “I help more.”
Mom petted his head. “That’s OK. You go to the bunny room and when I am done I will bring you and Zoomer and Ruger some lettuce.”
“Deal!” and Hunter binked to tell his brothers about the groceries.

OTTER OBSESSION
Hunter hopped out of the Rabbit Room to see what Hoomom’ was up to.
He could see she was watching something on the computer.
He hopped over and nosebonked her ankle. “That?”
“Hi, Doodles,” Mom reached down and petted the Rex. “Those are otters and they are SO cute! I could watch videos of them all day.”
“Humph,” Hunter was not happy.
“Did you need something?” Mom asked.
Hunter shook his head no and hopped back to the bunny room, leaving Mom to watch her otters.
“So cute …” Hunter said sarcastically to Zoomer and Ruger.
“What’s so cute?” Zoomer asked.
“Otter,” Hunter replied. “Hoomom’ said can watch all day.”
“But if she watches them all day, that means she won’t be watching us,” Ruger sounded stressed.
Exactly!” Hunter thumped.
Zoomer sighed. “It’s not like the otters are here.”
Hunter looked up at the toy otter that was on one of Mom’s bins. “One here.”
“She can get more!” Ruger whispered.
Zoomer stretched. “I think you are worrying about nothing.”
“Bunny statues,” Hunter said.
“OK, you might be onto something, “ Zoomer said, looking at Mom’s numerous rabbit themed items. “But those aren’t real.”
“Could she get a real otter?” Ruger wondered.
“Some at Grandpa’s in river,” Hunter said. “Heard them talking before!”
Zoomer and Ruger sat up.
“Rabbit Room, not Otter Room,” Hunter said. “One OK, but no more.”
Three bunnies thumped and Mom quickly appeared.
“You bunny mommy, not otter mom,” Hunter stated.
“Not sure where that came from …” Mom said.
Hunter gave her a synopsis.
“No worries, guys,” Mom assured the bunnies. “I think lots of animals are cute but that doesn’t mean I am bringing them into our home.”
“Thank goodness,” Ruger flopped.
“Stress treat,” Hunter said. “Please.”
Mom rolled her eyes. “Three stress treats coming right up.”

HAPPY HOLIDAYS HOOMINS’!
“Santa Paws soon?” Hunter asked Mom.
Mom nodded. “In a few weeks.”
“Hoomin’s?” Hunter questioned.
“Oh Santa Claus comes to good human children,” Mom told the three bunnies the human version of Santa Paws.
“Do you get presents?” Ruger asked.
“Yes, we do a gift exchange at Grandpa’s,” Mom replied. “And, yes, your Dad and I have your presents bought already.”
Zoomer binkied. “Can you give us a hint?”
“No,” Mom smiled.
“Food?” Hunter guessed.
“It will be a surprise,” Mom said as she finished cleaning the cages.
Mom left the bunny room.
“You know, Mom and Dad get us gifts every year, and we haven’t really given them anything for Christmas,” Zoomer said.
“Poop,” Hunter offered.
“We give them that every day,” Ruger chuckled.
“True,” Hunter flopped.
“We need to think of something special,” Zoomer stretched out.
And the three bunnies set up trying to figure out a great gift for their parents.
On Christmas Eve …
“HO HO HO!” Mom and Dad heard coming from the Rabbit Room.
Mom and Dad entered the room to see Hunter’s peeking out of Mom’s red t-shirt. There was a white sock wrapped around his head.
“HO HO HO!” he greeted Mom and Dad.
“Hi, Hunter,” Dad replied.
“No, Santa Claus,” the Rex Rabbit corrected them.
“See his red suit and beard,” Ruger said.
Mom and Dad looked blankly at Hunter.
Zoomer rolled his eyes. “The red t-shirt and the white sock that is his beard.”
“Oh,” Mom and Dad clued in.
“Present for you,” Hunter pushed a crumpled piece of paper towards the bunny parents.
Mom picked it up and a chewed stick fell into her hand.
“Thanks … “ Dad said.
“It’s from all of us,” Ruger smiled.
“We all took turns chewing on it,” Zoomer added.
“Merry Year and Happy Christmas!” Hunter tried to binky but the t-shirt kept him in one place.
Mom and Dad smiled.
“It’s the perfect gift,” Mom stated.
“We love it!” Dad agreed.
And with that thought, the parents brought in a gift for the bunnies to enjoy … yes, it was treats!
Wishing everybun and their family a Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays, Season’s Greetings and all the best for 2018!
