

Seven Stud


Edward Drobinski


Copyright © 2011 by Edward M. Drobinski
All rights reserved  

Chapter 1

	“I’m responding to your last caller.  I’d like to say that I’m a builder in the Southwest portion of the state and I can tell you that we builders are not the cause of the problem.  Its government regulation, which......”  This is the new interesting information I heard belching from the television as I roused from, presumably, a good night’s sleep, on my embroidered Chippendale couch.  More importantly, I was advised that today was August 25, 1989, nearing the summer’s end.  From the window behind the television I could see the beginnings of the yellowing, browning and reddening of the leaves on the many trees.  I always associated this with the end of another season in the sun and felt melancholy for the time past, never to be seen again.
	The next caller to the “news” program articulated further insight into the problem, whatever it was.  “I’m a government employee who works in the area of housing and building regulation.  And, I can tell you with certainty that over the last ten years, the number of government regulations have been significantly decreased.  As a matter of fact.......”  I considered shutting the information/entertainment box, but also thought of the possibility of calling the number at the bottom of the screen and saying that “You should change your name from “news” to “same old shit”, but decided against it, because they either wouldn’t know what I was talking about, or, more significantly, I didn’t want to spend my morning “on hold” and eventually be allowed the privilege of saying something that wouldn’t make any difference.
	I got up, shut off the education module, went into the kitchen and made coffee, sausage and eggs.  While things were percolating and heating up, I looked out one of the kitchen windows and saw the same light early fall foliage creeping in.  In one sense it was interesting to see the color variation, but it still was a sign of the end of something.  I somewhere and sometime learned not to talk about this to anyone, at the severe risk of being reminded what a beautiful day it was and that it was still warm.
	I ate my breakfast standing up looking out the same window and watching the small brown birds scamper about in the gentle easterly breeze.  I wondered what I wanted to do today.  I went to the bathroom mirror and saw my longish brown hair cascading over my face.  I brushed it back and was reminded that I had slept in my blue jeans and light blue, double pocketed work shirt.  I showered, shaved and put my uniform back on.  My five foot nine, 150 pound frame slouched to get a better look at my clean shaven face.
	Over the last month or so my memory deficit was being relieved by things I found in the house.  Photo albums, old legal papers and current financial information were filling in many of the blank spots.  I was born in Jersey City, NJ, September 29, 1950 and spent about 22 years working for various New York City banks, until the brain tumor ended life as it was then known.  I stared at the floor to ceiling brick cooking fireplace, containing appropriate utensils and reflected on how the original owners of this 200 year old white clapboard colonial survived without access to the information sources available today.  I put on the radio in the hope of gleaning some items of current importance.  I was delighted to hear that President Bush had a press conference, during which he reminded me of his “kinder, gentler” nature, presumably compared to Reagan, that the state of the economy was healthy and that there would be no new taxes.  Feeling assured and confident, I shut the radio before someone could ruin the good news.
	I put on Patti Smith’s “Dream of Life” C/D and was surprised at the overall tone, which was very different than her first four.  You can always count on her not to say the same old story and when I heard “Looking for You (I Was)”, I forgot about feeling morose.
	Actually, the last few weeks were full of good news.  After a number of walks and drives past the nefarious yellow house about 1,000 wooded feet from me, I saw no further evidence of a child pornography operation, no naked kids and no one threatening or pointing guns at me.  When I walked at the reservoir or in town, the mysterious Lady in Black wasn’t there to disturb me.  I wasn’t drinking much at all.  I wasn’t sure if I ever did, except when Butch and I got together.  I spent most of my days walking, talking to Diane, doing household duties, playing C/D’s and thinking about the near past events.  There was no formal police investigation, no dead body and no evidence of any illegal activity next door.  Perhaps, I did imagine the whole thing.
	I was seeing Butch about once a week and he seemed to be having his usual problems, plus one and minus one.  His re-kindled love affair with his divorced ex-girlfriend, Alice, was already on shaky ground and not because of the earth moving.  She was reverting to her prior unreasonable  form, insisting on a companion not constantly inebriated and one taking the trouble to hold a steady job.  The nerve!  Butch was also genuinely disturbed at two aspects of our little adventure.  It bothered him to think that he may have killed another human being, albeit a child pornographer who shot at us first.  He also didn’t like thinking that it had not really happened.  Could it be that his drinking was, at age 35, making him delusional?  He knows that I saw the same events he did, but to him, I could be just another delusion, at any rate not the most credible witness.
	After breakfast reverie, since it was still warm outside and wanting to enjoy the remaining summer glory, I decided to walk through the woods, over the deer trails, to Butch’s house.  After a few minutes outside, the gentle but persistent easterly wind made me realize I was underdressed.  I hate backtracking, so rather than go back home for appropriate attire, I intrepidly continued on, hoping that the sunny day’s rising temperature would soon even things out.
	As I approached the back of his house, I saw Butch outside, seemingly talking to someone I couldn’t detect.  His long, dark, greasy hair flipped around as he spoke.  He must have been up for a while, as he was dressed in his customary black denim pants and plain, almost white T-shirt.  He was rather animated, using hand gestures and other body language to emphasize his points.  When I got close enough I said; “Are you fucked up already?”
	He broke away from his other conversation and said; “What do you mean ‘already’, its 10:30.  Nowadays everyone seems to have some advice to give me about the frequency of my intoxications.” 
	“Sorry.  I wasn’t making any value judgments or giving advice.  I merely made an accurate observation.”
	“Well, keep your observations to yourself.  You know they don’t carry a high degree of credibility.”
	I just stone faced looked at him, not knowing what I could add to that and, at the same time, felt somewhat insulted.
	He must have realized that, stumbled over to me, put his arms around my shoulders.  “Good to see you, man.  Can’t you take a joke?”  He broke away from me and continued; “Didn’t anybody ever teach you not to pay attention to what drunks say?”
	“Oh, man.  I don't know what to say to you.  I just wanted to come over and see how you are doing.”
	He stumbled as he backed up a few steps, extending his hands; “Well, now you can see for yourself.  What do you think?”
	“I’m trying not to think.”
	“Good.  That’s a start.”
	“Who were you talking to?”
	“My new girlfriend.”
	“Where is she?”
	“Must have left when she saw you.”
	Again, I really didn’t know what to say next, so after a momentary lapse, I changed the subject and said; “I think I need to get to where you are.  Do you have any wine in the house?”
	“Sure.  Follow me.”
	As we walked the fifty feet to his back door, his gait was cockeyed, swerving from left to right.  I “followed” him by adopting the same pattern, at times colliding with him and vice versa.  His lean, 180 pound body knocked me off balance a few times, so I crouched and got some leverage.  We were laughing when we reached our destination and he said; “No more fooling around.  If we break anything inside, my folks will really give it to me.”
	“What have you broken already?”
	“Don’t even ask.”  He pointed toward the family room and continued; “Have a seat.  I’ll bring it in a minute.”
	He first went into the bathroom and from the sounds heard and his “Whooooo” I think he just made it.  With mission successfully accomplished, he went to the kitchen and brought back a bottle of beer and a half empty bottle of wine, handing the latter to me.  He sat next to me on the couch.
	I said; “Who were you talking to outside?”
	“The spirit of the beer bottle.” 
	“The spirit of the beer bottle?”
	“Yes.  She comes over to visit me sometimes.” 
	“What does she look like?”
	“You didn’t see her?”
	“No, I didn’t see her.”
	“She’s built well, about 120 pounds, with long wine colored hair.”  He pointed to a six foot tall undulating wicker basket and said; “She stays in there when people come around.”
	“Anti-social?”
	Butch laughed; “No, exclusive.”
	“You mean she won’t talk to me?”
	“She doesn’t talk to anyone except me.”
	“How do you know what she’s doing when you can’t see her?”
	“When I can’t see her, she’s in the fucking basket, stupid.”
	“She’s in the fucking basket you said.  Let’s go over there and take a look.”
	“She won't like that.”
	“I’d just like to meet one of my friend’s friends.”  I stood up, went back outside and walked over to the basket, followed by Butch.  I looked inside and saw nothing.  I said; “Where?”
	He looked inside and with a straight face said; “She’s sleeping, curled up, at the bottom.”
	“All right.  When she wakes up I have to talk to her.”
	“I’ll ask her when she gets up.”
	“Let’s play some cards while I wait.”
	I followed Butch back into the house and he again led me to the family room.  I sat on the couch and he started looking through his drawers for the deck.
	I said; “Haven’t played lately, huh?”
	“No, it’s been a long time.”
	“Me, too.  The good thing with cards is that the game never changes, though.”
	He found the deck, brought it over to the couch and sat a cushion away from me.  “What do you play?”
	“Most anything.  My favorite is seven stud.”
	“Then I’ll have to find the fucking chips, too.  I don't know where the hell they are.”
	“All right.  Let’s start off with rummy.”
	I noticed he had a tendency to pick up cards already known to me, while my tendency is the opposite.  It didn’t seem to make any difference, as when time passed, we were probably roughly equal in wins.  After about ten games and an hour passed, he got up and said; “I’m ready for another drink.  How about you?”
	“No.  I don’t drink when I play cards.”
	“I don’t either.  I’m tired of playing cards.”
	“That’s a good reason to keep playing cards.  Let’s keep going.  The only reason you’ve won as much as you have, is you got your genie girlfriend behind me, telling you my cards.”
	“I don’t need any help to beat you and you and Alice ought to fuck off on the drinking comments.”
	“Do whatever you want.  I wanted to play fucking cards.  Fine, you don’t.  And what do you think Alice is doing?  Bragging to her girlfriends that she’s back with an old boyfriend, who’s drunk, unemployed and lives with his mommy and daddy?”
	He just looked at me probably wondering where I got off saying that, but that it also had the ring of truth.
	When he didn’t object, I said; “Look, I’m just trying to be helpful.  You know, if you won a lot of money playing cards and quit drinking, you’ll make Alice feel a whole lot better and it won’t be too bad for you either.”
	“When you’re right, you’re right.  I’m glad you had the nerve to say what you did.”
	“What are friends for?”
	Butch got very mellow and said; “I’m going to get something to eat for both of us.  I’m going to find the chips and show you what a lousy card player you are.”
	He went into the kitchen and fixed up some ham sandwiches and brought them over to the family room with a pitcher of ice tea and two glasses.  Then he looked virtually all over the house to find a package of chips.  I was already eating and drinking when he brought them back, grabbing a sandwich himself.  He said; “Whites are one, reds are five and blues are ten.  Ten limit per card.”
	“If you bet ten, can I call you and raise another ten?”
	“Yes, sir.  I should have added that.”
	“And can you keep your girlfriend from watching my cards?”
	He laughed; “For her to come around, I’d have to get another drink.  She disappears when I sober up.”
	“She just wants a drinking buddy then?”
	“Pretty much.  She can get playful and argumentative, too.”
	“What does she argue about?”
	“She wants me to drink more.  She’s got a million good reasons to be inebriated.”
	I didn’t say anything, but thought that there probably were a million good reasons to be inebriated.
	He continued; “She always says; ‘Have another one.  You’re drunk already.  Get even higher.  You can always quit tomorrow.’  And, I agree with her, that I can always quit tomorrow.”
	“What good does she do you?”
	“I know she really isn’t there.  She’s some kind of spirit of the alcohol bottle, an evil one.  I never used to think of her as real until I shot a person and the rest of the world said I didn’t.  I figured if a person’s not real, the spirits must be.  They don’t call alcohol ‘spirits’ on accident.”
	“Believe it or not, that makes perfect sense to me.  I just wouldn’t tell anyone else that I was talking to spirits.”
	“What are friends for?”
	I said; “I think I talk to shadows more than spirits, or maybe they talk to me.”
	“Shadows?”
	“Yeah, it’s really hard to explain.  It’s not like they say words.  It’s more like they give off colors and feelings.”
	“Far out.”
	We both had a good laugh and then started to play cards, only saying things pertinent to the game.  Not much interesting happened.  No one did anything particularly stupid and bluffing has no chance when the chips don’t equate to real money.  Gambling games get much more interesting when at least four are playing, so the two of us got rather disinterested after about 45 minutes.  I said; “We need some other players.”
	He said; “I know a game around here.  It’s a $1,000 minimum.”
	“No problem.”
	“It’s a problem for me.  I ain’t got it.”
	“I told you, no problem.  I’ll lend it to you.”
	“If I lose, I can’t pay you back.”
	“You’re not gonna lose.”
	Butch didn’t say anything, so I added; “And if you do, it’s my loss.”
	“You’ve got a lot of faith in me.”
	“Yeah, why not.  I can see you play cards more or less as well as I do.  So, if you lose, I’ll probably lose, too.  So, I’ll be out $2,000 and quit.”
	“You got it, pal.  The game is at Frank Happle’s house on Thursday nights at 6:00PM.  I know him and most of the guys at the game.  I’ll get us in.”
	We started playing cards again, each assessing the other’s abilities, weaknesses and tendencies and keeping the thoughts to ourselves.  We each must have passed the other’s evaluation, as there was no talk of changing our plans.  Again, in less than half an hour, we got bored with the two-handed game.
	I said; “One thing.  I don’t want you playing drunk.”
	“I told you I don’t drink when I’m playing cards.  And I’ve been doing some thinking about quitting anyway.  Ten years is a lot of time to waste.  When I look back on it now, I can see that there really were a lot more bad days than good and I’m gonna have to live with the future.  If I’m seeing shadows, imaginary friends or genies that’s close to or into DT territory.”
	“How long will quitting take?”
	“I figure a week.  I know of one guy in similar shape, detoxing on the spot because he was arrested for something and he died right in the jail cell.  What a fucking way to go, huh?”
	“Is there a good fucking way to go?”
	“With this one, I’ve heard you could puke out your stomach.  Picture that.”
	I made a disgusted face and said; “Oh, shit.”
	“So, we won’t be getting into next week’s game.  It’ll be the week after.”
	“I can wait.  It’s better to do it right.  Tell me what the game’s like.”
	“It’s pretty friendly.  The stakes aren’t enough to worry anyone much and the players are good old guys, mostly farmers and people who inherited something good.”
	“So, we don’t need to get our insidious schemes going yet.”
	“Hell, no, not at this place.  You can almost feel sorry taking these guys’ money.”
	“I’m not so sure I’d be sorry.”
	“I said ‘almost’.”  

Chapter 2


	I went home over the backwoods deer trails, the sun still behind me casting small shadows.  I didn’t do much the next few hours.  I leisurely ran errands and did chores.  I spent time dealing out seven stud games to no one, just to get more and more current with the flow of possibilities, not to mention practicing shuffling the cards.  It had been a while since I played a lot and one of the funniest things you can do at a card game is to have the cards come flying out of your hands when shuffling.  Not wanting to look more like Woody Allen than I already did, I worked on a snappy fast shuffle.  I was laughing to myself, picturing me messing up at the game.  It probably wouldn’t be the first time, though I didn’t have any specific memory of any fuck up.  There was a strong likelihood that something like that had happened, merely because if you try a lot of things some will be failures.
	My reverie was interrupted by the ring of the phone.
	“Hello,” I said.
	“Hi, this is Diane.”
	“I think this is the first time you called me.”
	“It might be.  I’ve been thinking about some things and I’ve come to some conclusions.”
	“Uh oh, sounds scary.”
	“Shouldn’t be.  The biggest reason for my being in Seattle is to make a lot of money, so that I can come back to Clinton and live in our house, easily affording it, like we used to.”
	“How are you doing?”
	“Pretty good, actually.  But, it’s going to take a lot more time, unless you can come up with something big.”
	“I’m working on it.  I’m thinking about pulling off a gambling scam.”
	“Don’t you dare.  You’ll probably lose money we can’t afford.”
	I realized that I have to keep my adventures to myself around Nervous Nellie.  I said; “Thanks for the vote of confidence.”
	“I’m serious.”
	“I’m not.  I was just sitting here playing cards by myself and I must have drifted off into a fantasy.”
	“Keep it a fantasy.”
	I raised my voice in exasperation and said; “All right!”
	“I just called to tell you that I want you to know that while I’m gone it’s all right with me if you have a girlfriend.”
	I was shocked.  Not to sound too easily agreeable, I said; “What if I don’t want one?”
	“Fine, whatever.  But I think eventually you will and I’m just saying that if and when you do, it’s okay with me.  Just don’t be stupid enough to tell me about it.”
	There was silence for a few seconds, as I really didn’t know what to say.  Finally, I came out with; “Are you intending to get a boyfriend?”
	“I’m not intending to, but I might.  I’m really just thinking about my job and the possible money.”
	“I don’t mean this to sound harsh, but, this actually sounds very pragmatic and simple common sense.”
	“I’m glad.  Another thing, try not to call me unless it’s an emergency.  I’m devoting all my waking hours to my job and frankly, your calls put me into another mindset, not conducive to work.”
	“Now, I’m glad.”  When I got full realization of what I’d just said I added; “But we’re still together, right?”
	“Till death do us part, you giant squid.”  She hung up.
	I was completely surprised and didn’t know what to think.  I decided to sleep on it.

	The next morning I realized that I should be checking on his progress anyway and I wanted to talk to Butch, so I drove the short distance to his house.
	When I got to his house, he was sitting on a chair in the backyard smoking a cigarette.
	I said; “Butch, I’ve just had the weirdest conversation with my wife.”
	“Tell me about it.  You should hear some of the gems I’ve been having with Alice.”
	“What?”
	“I can’t even explain them without an hour’s worth of context.”
	“Diane just told me to get a girlfriend.”
	“You’re breaking up?”
	“No, we’re together until death do us part.”
	“That really could be weirder than Alice.  I’m telling you that women are just plain unexplainably crazy.”
	I said; “On their side of it, they have a good reason to be different.  Imagine living most of your life with half the world trying to put its dick somewhere in you.”
	Butch was silent a few seconds, then started to laugh, saying; “I guess all we can do is love ’em.”
	“Does Alice have any unattached female friends?”
	Butch said; “You’re serious?”
	I shrugged a bit and said; “Yeah.”
	“What kind of girl wants to meet a married, low income, brain defective?”
	“My brain’s not a major problem anymore.  I don't know every detail, but I know enough to take care of business.  There must be somebody desperate.”
	He laughed and said; “Acheron.”
	“Acheron?”
	“Yeah, weird name, right.  She’s even weirder than her name.”
	“In what way?”
	“In every way.  I could never try to explain her.  You just have to see for yourself.”
	“I want to.  I dig weird.”  I caught myself and quickly added; “She’s not 300 pounds or missing any limbs, is she?”
	Butch shrugged and said; “Well, you know she’s not weird for no good reason.  Picky?”
	“Not very.  But, I don’t want to meet an eyesore.”
	“I was only joking with you.  The only weird thing about Acheron is her brain.”
	Relieved, I said; “We ought to get along fine then.”  I looked hard at Butch in an effort to detect if he might still be joking.  
	He said; “Okay.  I’ll fix up dinner or something for the four of us.”
	I smiled and nodded, yes.  “Butch, you’re looking and sounding pretty good.  How’s your detox going?”
	“Oh man, you don’t want to hear.”
	“Yes, I do.”
	“I’m down to about half of what I used to put away, but there’s some puking and a lot of diarrhea.”  He raised his eyebrows and said; “Speaking of which, I’d better get moving quick.”  He walked quickly toward the house.
	“Butch, I’ve got to ask you one last thing.”
	He stopped, turned around and looked at me, with a “Hurry up” look on his face.
	I said; “I just wanted to know your feelings about the current world political and economic situation.”
	He turned away from me and resumed his brisk pace and said; “Follow me, I’ll show you.”
	Rather than seeking tangible evidence of Butch’s slant on the world situation, which would only confirm my own, I walked to the family room, sat on the couch and waited.  I stared out the window at the trees and saw a number of birds flying near the tops.  Two of them seemed particularly agitated.  One was chasing the other around and there was a constant beating of wings and flying of short distances.  Then I heard a loud wooosh sound and then “Goddammit.”  Butch entered the family room and flopped into the other end of the couch.
	“Everything come out all right?” I offered.
	“More than everything.  This shit literally has been going on since yesterday.  It feels like I’m wiping my ass with sandpaper.”  Butch laughed and looked down at the floor.  He added; “If it wasn’t for women and money, I wouldn’t have to go through this.”
	“Is it worth the effort?”
	“Damn straight.”
	“Let’s play some cards and bullshit for a while.”
	Butch put his hand over his mouth and said “Oh, shit.”  He got up, went to the bathroom and I heard “Urrgh” and water splashing.  I started laughing.  He came out and with a sarcastic grimace on his face said; “I’ll be okay for a couple of hours.  There’s nothing left to come out.”  He got the cards and dealt out a seven card rummy game.  We played silently for ten minutes, until he said; “Got it.”  He put the seven cards face up on the table, evincing the Queen through six of hearts.  I threw my cards on the table, showing three sevens, two Queens, one of diamonds and a ten and nine also of diamonds.  I said; “No wonder I had so much trouble getting another seven or Queen.”
	“That’s what you get for saving pairs.”
	I shrugged and said; “You must have some ideas about cards.  Did you ever notice that while playing five or seven stud the people with the lousy hands keep looking at their down cards?”
	“No.”
	“Yeah, they do.  It’s like when they know they have something they take one look at the down cards and concentrate on the betting.  When they don’t have anything good, they keep looking at the down cards, as if to say; ‘What the hell kind of crap is this?  Possible straight?  Possible flush?’”
	“So what?”
	I exclaimed; “So what?” and looked at him incredulously.    “So, they go out of their way to be secretive, doing the same thing all the time and then they can’t help themselves but advertise whether or not they have a good hand.”
	“I really never picked up on that one.  You told me you have memory loss.  How can you be so sure of anything?”
	“It’s hard to explain.  Someone can have memory loss and still remember how to drive a car.  Maybe it’s some kind of selective memory, recalling the things you want to and forgetting those you don’t.  Or, maybe I create false memories or maybe I remember things when something forces me to think about them.  There are things about human nature that repeat and repeat in different forms.  To keep looking at lousy cards hoping they’re not that bad is like a person unhappy with their appearance constantly looking in a mirror, thinking that if they get the right angle, they’re not that bad.  If you don’t believe me, look for it yourself in the local game.”
	“Okay, say for the sake of argument that you’re right.  Then what?”
	“The simple way I see this game is that if you play it long enough, everyone will get an equal number of winning hands.  So, the object is to get more money bet when you do and less when you don’t.  If we know that they don’t have anything we up the bet.  They can either drop out and give us the pot or play right into our hands.  And when everyone tells you that they don’t have anything, it’s a good time to bluff, if you don’t have anything either.”
	“What if you really do have something?”
	“Bet low to keep them in the game.”
	“After you get away with it a few times, don’t they pick up on it?”
	“Possibly, but that’s when playing silent partners gives us an advantage.  This only applies to the last card in a seven stud game.  You look at me.  If I bet the max and rub my left eye with my left index finger, call me.”
	He gave me a questioning look.
	I continued; “When they don’t have anything and see two people risking the max, they figure that at least one of them has something good and drop out.”
	“But, if I call you, we both show our cards and then they’ll know neither of us had anything.”
	“No.  If you’re the only one to call me, when it comes time for me to show my hand, I’ll just pick them all up and put them all face down and say something like; ‘You got it.  I’m beat on board.’  Then you don’t have to show your down cards and just reel in the pot.”
	“What if somebody wants to see my hand?”
	“Your answer is; ‘You pay to see.’  Then you grab the deck and put your cards in the middle of it.”
	“Sounds like it’s worth a try, especially with your money.  But I don’t want to do it at the local game.”
	“Neither do I.  This is for when we play with the sharks for big money.”
	“You know, this might not work.  It sounds good enough to give it a shot, but Ed, dammit; you know we could be having delusions.  You’ve had some problems and might be brain damaged and I’ve had problems with long term drunkenness.”
	“That’s where we have another advantage.  The rest of the world is brain damaged and drunk, too.  Only they don’t know it.  We have the advantage because we do.”
	“Are you sure about all this stuff?”
	“Hell no.”  I paused, smiled and added; “But, it’s my money and I can do whatever I want with it.”
	He laughed, giving me a sly look.  He raised one eyebrow and said; “Where do you get this shit from?”
	I calmly answered; “Eastern religion and philosophy.”
	He retorted, “I guess, that because they’re so smart, is why they’re so rich and powerful.”
	I laughed out loud and didn’t have any answer for that one.
	
	Later that afternoon, I felt anxious and drove back to his house.  I didn’t know what to do on a date and was having second thoughts, though I didn’t want to say that to Butch.  He answered the door and we sat on the family room couch.  I said; “Did you arrange a date with Acheron for me yet?”
	“I mentioned it to Alice and she’s talked to Acheron.”
	“And?”
	“And, nothing.”
	Somewhat relieved, I said; “She doesn’t want to?”
	“It’s not exactly that.  It sounds like she’s saying yes, no and maybe, all at the same time.”
	I got confused.  Now that she may not want the date, I did.  Or not.  I didn’t know what the hell I thought and said nonsense; “I think I knew somebody like that once, except she spaced out the yes, no and maybe to five minute intervals.”
	“I told you, you have never met anyone like Acheron.”
	“What does she look like?”
	“She’s tall; I’d say about 5’8”.  She’s thin and nervously talky.  She has black hair, usually not combed and sometimes she cuts it short.  I haven’t seen her for a while, so it could be shoulder length by now.  She’s got a nice face and doesn’t wear makeup.  She’s probably around 40 now.  She’s sweet, just extremely offbeat.”
	There was a momentary lull.  I didn’t know what to ask, so Butch added; “You can’t do her any justice talking about her.  You just have to meet her.  Look, Ed, I’m feeling like nature is about to be calling me again, at one end or the other.  I’ve got some thinking to do and I’d rather be alone when I feel this shitty.”
	I got up from my seat as Butch put his hand over his mouth.  I said; “Don’t worry, man, you’ll handle it.  It’ll be over in a few days and the world will be your oyster after it is.”
	He headed to the bathroom.  I called out; “Should I come back tomorrow?”
	“Day after.”  He closed the bathroom door and I heard Niagara Falls again.  I went to my car and drove back home.  

Chapter 3


	When Alice got back home from her bowling alley job at 5PM, she, as always, walked directly to her phone and saw that there was one message on the machine.  She hoped that it wasn’t Butch, as she was tired and didn’t feel up to hearing his drunken excuse making today.  She pressed the appropriate button and heard Acheron’s voice; “Alice, it’s me.  You have to come over here right away.  I’m kind of freaked out and I need somebody to talk to.  I’ll make some dinner for us.”
	Alice was tired, but the promise of not having to cook her own dinner outweighed that.  She turned right back around, exiting her rented, four-room, first floor condo, in Clinton Town and drove to Glen Gardner.  During the six mile trip, her mind wandered to someplace it had often been.  Hunterdon County was a reasonably well kept, pretty place throughout, with the exception of Glen Gardner, a small residential borough.  The houses there were of the same ilk as elsewhere, but for some undetermined reason, many people there chose not to maintain them very well.  Their eighteenth and nineteenth century origins were as conducive to stylish renovation as anywhere else, but no one bothered.  As a result, it was very affordable, but also very safe.
	Alice didn’t know anyone living in the small town except Acheron.  Maybe it was a community of reclusive artists, who cared more about their work than anything else.  Acheron had expressed interest in painting, writing and sculpting on numerous occasions, but she never produced anything tangible, having difficulty concentrating on any one thing for more than five minutes.  Alice drove through the quiet, seemingly unpopulated town, until she reached the end of it, bordering the river.  This was the town’s poorest section, dominated by two story attached dwellings of no particular style.  The buildings were undoubtedly at least fifty years old, probably more, but the exteriors were all covered with a flat, graying white stucco, extinguishing a more informed guess.  The town’s only food and liquor store was at the end of the street, bordering the river.  It was housed in a two story, red clapboard covered structure, which exhibited a wooden painted sign, hanging over the front door, which said “Last Chance Groceries”. 
	Alice parked on the crumbling asphalt street in front of Acheron’s residence.  It was easy to pick out in the sameness of the block as it was the only one with a lavender door.  As soon as she closed her car door, Alice saw Acheron standing in her now open door.
	She was in her uniform grayish pleated long johns, white athletic socks and long sleeved gray sweatshirt, all somewhat covered by a faded purple robe that she was currently fastening.  It didn’t look like she had washed her now medium length black hair for three days.  She said; “Oh, thanks, Alice.  I’m glad you got my message.”
	“What’s the new big problem?”
	“I’m kind of freaking out.  I haven’t been on a date in five years and I always manage to say or do something stupid.”
	“Well, maybe you’ve forgotten how to say or do something stupid.”  Alice brushed by Acheron and entered her townhouse.  The interior was still a mess, maybe even more so than the last time she had seen it.  It was a small hiding place with a large 20 by 20 room that held a light blue three cushioned couch in front of a playing television which sat on a correctly assembled stand of chrome and dark wood grained plywood.  Acheron followed and turned off the television sound.  She said; “Don’t give me any spacey wisdom.  I’m frantic.  I need to know concrete things to do.”
	Alice sat on the couch and took a glance at the television where a re-run of “I Love Lucy” was playing.  She turned her head, slowly surveying the room.  The 1950’s blond wood kitchen table hosted four chairs of similar vintage and color, sitting out of order, as if a number of diners had recently been there and left in a hurry.  The most dominating feature to the room, however, was the general disarray of books, papers, bills, clothes and anything else belonging in drawers strewn about the entire area, including the floor.  Alice said; “The first concrete thing you should do is clean up this place and yourself.”
	“Thanks, loads.  I can’t concentrate long enough to get anything done.  I start something, then begin to think about all the stuff I have to do and then decide that it’s too big a project.  I need to rest and relax now.  I’ll start tomorrow.”
	“You know tomorrow never comes, right?”
	“Well good, then.  If it’s always today, I’m content to sit here like this.”
	“Oh, Acheron, you know what I mean.”
	“Kind of, but not really.  Anyway, why bother with the place?  I don’t have to bring him here.”
	“Okay, that makes it easy.  Take a shower and change your clothes.  You know that guys aren’t impressed with long johns, right?”
	“I’ll get clean long johns on for the big date,” Acheron said, laughing.  “What do you want for dinner?”
	“What choices do I have?”
	“TV dinners, TV dinners and more TV dinners of many delectable varieties.”
	“How about beef?”
	“Sure.”  Acheron took two out of the freezer of her white 40 year old refrigerator, taking chicken for herself.  She carried them to the relatively new black microwave and said; “Oh shit.  If I cook two at one time, do I have to set the thing for more time?”
	Alice laughed; “I don't know.  Cook them up one at a time to be safe.”
	Acheron made the necessary cutting of cellophane and popped in the beef dinner, first.  Alice further looked around the large room, this time taking note of the several silver painted radiators protruding from the long shagged orange carpeted floor.  Her eyes climbed the walls from the light green painted wainscotting to the marginally peeling off white walls above.  The lightly stained natural wood door to the bedroom was closed.  The only other room was the bath.
	Acheron broke the temporary silence, saying; “What am I supposed to talk to him about?”
	“I don't know.  Try something new, be yourself.  I told you he’s married.  You can practice on him.”
	“That sounds like some weird relationship.”
	“Look who’s talking,” replied Alice.
	“I don’t have any relationships.  How can I have a weird one?”
	“You just answered your own question.  Listen to your own words.”
	“I’ll think about that later.  Just screw it.  I’ll be myself, just a little cleaner and if I mess it up, I’ll come back here and be myself.  There’s nothing to lose.”  She took Alice’s dinner out of the microwave and brought it over to her, putting the sound back on “I Love Lucy.”  

Chapter 4


	I woke up the next morning, considering what to do all day.  Butch said he didn’t want my company today and I didn’t have much on the agenda.  I heated up a scrambled egg breakfast and made coffee.  I brought them back to the well-used couch and. In desperation, put on the television.  I was already accustomed to listening to the fat guy with the smirking round face berate everything the federal government did, claiming vast knowledge of every line item in the budget.  He took calls, but usually interrupted the caller with some long winded brilliance, before they could finish their first sentence.  If they said something he didn’t agree with he’d kill the line and safely say something deleterious about them.  In the past I had considered calling in to see if I could drop a quick good one liner before he could interrupt or cut me.  I decided against it mostly due to the fact that I didn’t have a good line liner.  But, I also saw that fat boy’s show was sandwiched between a program about alien abductions with call in testimony and one concerning the Loch Ness monster, Bigfoot, Chupacabra and the like.  I needn’t do anything.  I could see that “Programming” had already put him in his proper place.
	I thought I’d try out a new channel and picked up the remote control when I heard a car disturb the gravel in my driveway.  It was Butch’s purple Mustang. 
	I glanced at the clock, noting that it was only 6:45AM.  The sun was just beginning to show signs of light over the eastern hills.  I walked to the door and got there a second before he did.
	I was shocked, not only because he said he didn’t want to see me today, but also because Butch had trimmed and washed his usually long, greasy, unkempt black hair and shaved his scraggly beard.  His clothes looked as if they had not yet been worn two or three days.  I opened the door just as he bounded up the stairs saying; “I’m excited as hell.  I’m feeling really good and you know what?”
	“What?”
	“It’s Thursday.”
	I just looked at him.  He then continued; “The card game I told you about.”
	“We didn’t expect to go until next week.”
	“Well, I feel fine today.  How about you?”
	“So far, so good.”
	“All right then, let’s go to the game tonight and see how much money we can expropriate.”
	I said; “I’m up for it.  But as soon as you puke or stink out my bathroom, I’m changing my mind.” 
	He gave me a “Fuck you” look, entered the house, walked over to the couch, made a grimace at the television set, turned it off and sat down.  I sat on a chair at the other side of the room and looked at him.
	“Fair enough,” he said.  “I’m feeling so good; I just know I won’t have to do any of the antics of the past few days.  I’m ready to take on the world, again.”
	“I’m not sure if I’m ready for the world yet, but I think I can handle a card game.”
	“Talk about handling things.  I’ve got something else for you.  Tomorrow night you and I are going to dinner with Acheron and Alice.”
	I really wanted to go on the date, but at the same time I was nervous about it, again recalling that I couldn’t even remember the last time I went on one.  For all I knew, I never did.  My hands started to get sweaty.  I said; “Butch.  What the hell am I supposed to talk to her about?”
	He made a surprised laugh and said; “Anything that pops into your little head.  Just don’t go on any of your long soliloquies about something everybody already knows.”
	I looked at him for a second and when he started to smile, so did I and pretty soon we were both laughing out loud.  When we stopped I said; “But seriously, if things start to break down, you’ll have something to say to tide things over, right?”
	“No problem, man.  I’m on top of the world today.  I can’t remember the last time I felt this good.”
	I just looked at him again, somewhat disturbed at the overly confident answer, which he must have sensed.  He said; “Look, if there’s a hint of a disaster, I’ll spill my ice tea on Alice.  That’ll keep everyone occupied for a while.”
	I again stared at him, not knowing what to say or ask.  He continued; “I don’t mind getting Alice wet.  It’ll give her an excuse to get her clothes off when we get to her condo.”
	I just shook my head from side to side, smiled at him, now convinced of his acumen and said; “You are on fire today.  I’m with you.”
	He smiled, nodding at me, when I added; “What do you think I should wear?”
	He stared at me for about five seconds, with a smirk on his face and then said; “Let’s play some cards.”
	I said; “All right, but let’s play some gambling games this time, just to get re-accustomed to the feel and flow.”
	We had an uneventful half hour of seven stud, five stud and five card draw.  Both of us favored seven stud, because it had more possibilities and more betting.  We both felt that we were going to be as ready as ever for tonight’s game.  I said; “I was thinking.  Why don’t we try out some of our plans in tonight’s game just to get that down straight?”
	“I feel funny taking advantage of these guys.  They’re my friends and I usually can beat them anyway without any schemes.”
	“What rule will we be violating?”
	Butch was silent a few seconds, then said; “None, really.  There’s sort of an unwritten, unspoken rule against playing partners, though.”
	“Well, the only rules I understand are the clearly announced ones.  And how do you know that nobody else has been playing partners against you?”
	“Cause if they did, they didn’t do it very well.”
	“All right, do you want to practice it tonight or do you want to practice it in a bigger game when we could lose our drawers?”
	“Okay, I get your point.  Let’s do it tonight.”
	“Good.  Just remember, we’re only going to use this in seven stud.  If I bet the maximum on the last card and touch my left eye with my left index finger, you call me.  And just watch for people looking and re-looking at their down cards.”
	“Right, right, I remember.”
	“What are the house rules?”
	“$1,000 to get in the game, dealer’s choice, no bumping off a check, maximum bet per card $200 and probably some other stuff I don’t remember right now.  We’ll clear that up when we get there.  It’s been a while since I played with these guys.”
	“If someone bets $200 on a card, can I call his $200 and raise another $200?”
	“Oh, yeah.  It can go on forever.  I should have said $200 max per bet, not per card.”
	“Good.  Can the dealer call blackjack?”
	“Yes.”
	“They really shouldn’t.  The dealer has a big advantage in that game.”
	“Yeah, there has been some bitchin’ about that, but it doesn’t come up much.  Everybody groans when someone calls it.”
	“Is there anybody there who consistently wins or loses?”
	“Jackie Owens wins most of the time and Frank Happle feeds the game.”  Butch laughed, then continued; “It’s almost like he likes to brag about how rich he is by showing everyone how much he can afford to lose.”
	“I hope he’s in the game tonight.”
	Butch said; “We ought to go back to my house for lunch.  I want to tell my folks I’ll be out late.  They still worry about me at my age.”
	“You give them good reason to.”
	Butch didn’t respond quickly and shot me a look, finally saying; “Goddamn, nature is calling again.”  He made a beeline for my bathroom, shut the door behind him and I heard a now familiar sound, something like ten people jumping into a pool, each a second after the other.  Then I heard him mumble; “Goddamn fucking shit.”  He flushed and came out the door.
	I said; “I hope you got it all in the fucking bowl, man.”
	“I think so.”
	“Did it all go down when you flushed?”
	“You’re beginning to sound like Alice.  Let’s get the fuck out of here.”
	“It would be outrageously funny if you puked right on the table.”
	“Don’t worry.  If things come up I’ll make it to the toilet.”
	I opened a kitchen drawer and said; “One minute, chief, let me get the money.”
	We got in the Mustang and were at his house in a minute.  When we walked in the front door, his parents were sitting at the kitchen table eating. 
	Butch said; “Hi, mom.  Hi, dad.  I brought Ed over for lunch.”
	Sam rose from his chair and replied; “Come on in.  Ed, are you out here hunting again?”
	Loretta smiled; “Good to see you.  Have a seat.”
	I sat down; “Thanks, good to see you, too.  Yeah, I figured I’d give this guy another shot at teaching me something.”
	Loretta got up and started fixing up something for Butch and me.
	Sam sat back down; “What are you guys up to today?”
	Butch said what I didn’t want to personally inform his parents about; “We’re on our way to hit the big time.”  He was obviously feeling very good and quickly added; “We’ve got a great gambling scheme.”
	I almost bristled at how Butch used the word “we.”  After all, the idea was really mine.  I quickly lost that thought, however, because he did give me some credit and anyway, “we” applies to a team and that’s exactly what we were.
	Sam kept his eyes on his food and dourly said; “Butch, believe it or not, I’d be happier if you told me you got a real job.”
	Butch took that as discouraging, his effervescence challenged.  He disgustedly said; “You always have to throw in the shit, don’t you?  Now you’re going to start sounding like Alice, too?”
	Sam remained cool and played with his food; “If everybody’s saying the same thing, can’t you get the message through your thick head?”
	Butch complained; “Dad, for Christ sake, I came in here all happy and everything and you’ve got to bring me down.  Give me a chance.  I’ve only been relatively sober for a day.”
	When Sam and Loretta were silent a while, I said; “It’s really my fault.  I talked Butch into it.  He’s a good card player and if we lose, it’s my money that will be lost.”
	Now Sam was not very thrilled with either of us, threw down his napkin and said; “Your mother and I grew up during the Depression and lived through World War II.  All we wanted was a little house of our own and kids, who would live in a better world.  What the hell do you two expect?”
	His question perplexed both of us.  Were we really selfish, ungrateful, lazy snots, as we periodically heard before?  Still, at this age?  Or, were we natural born dreamers entitled to some kind of better, more interesting world?
	Butch finally broke the silence with a dejected; “I don't know.”
	I added more profundity to the conversation saying, “I don't know either.”
	Sam got up and started to leave the room; “I’ve got some errands to run.  Ed, what do your folks think about this kind of stuff?”
	I was surprised and annoyed that at my exalted age anyone would ask me whether or not I had my parent’s approval for anything; “I don't know my parents.  Maybe I’m the result of a childless marriage.”
	Sam sighed and shook his head slowly, while continuing out of the kitchen; “One thing’s certain.  You two belong together.”
	Loretta changed the subject.  She was standing near the oven and called out; “How do you like your hamburgers, Ed?”
	I said; “Well done, please.”
	Loretta followed with; “All the trimmings?”
	I noticed the pissed look on Butch’s face and replied; “All the trimmings you’ve got, thanks.  I am super hungry.”
	Loretta prepared our meals and brought them over to us, sitting down to resume her own.  She poured us drinks from the ice tea pitcher and cheerfully asked us about our prospective scam, offered encouragement and smiled a lot.  Though she intently listened to our grand design, it was obvious that she knew nothing about gambling.  I thought that if I had my choice of mothers, she would be near the top of the list.  Butch’s exuberance returned, though he knew that when he was talking about gambling to his mom, he may as well have been speaking Swahili.
	When Butch and I finished eating, we thanked Mom and went to sit in the family room.  We had some time to kill before tonight’s game.  He put on an Eagles C/D at a low volume.  We didn’t have any brilliance to bring up, so the contented feeling of our full stomachs put us to sleep.  We roused at 5 PM. “Doolin Dalton” was playing.  “Lay down your law books now.  They’re no damn good.”  We both knowingly laughed.  I put my right hand in my pocket and pulled it out quickly, extending my index finger like a gun barrel, with my thumb pointing up like a hammer.  I said; “Got’cha, fucker.”  He closed his eyes and put his head on his shoulder as if he were dead.  I moved over to him and reached for the wallet in his back pocket.  He picked up his right hand, imitating a gun as I had, pointed it at my head and said; “Pow.  Don’t believe everything you think you see, sucker.”  

Chapter 5


	We took turns washing up in the bathroom, intending the cold water to bring us to maximum alertness more than inducing cleanliness.  After I exited the bathroom, he said; “Ready?”
	“As ever.  I’m feeling lucky.”
	“Let’s go.”
	We walked out of the house to Butch’s purple mustang.  We drove west about five miles to the other side of town.  We headed directly into the gently setting sun.  Though rain never seemed a possibility, the day had been lightly clouded, resulting in the sky’s even mixture of blue and white, suggesting some kind of boring acquiescence, but also tranquility. 
	Frank Happle’s house sat on 250 acres of gently rolling land, perennially in strawberry cultivation.  Frank didn’t do any of the farming himself, instead leasing the land rights to a man who knew strawberries, ran a crew of four people year round and twelve during harvest in April.  The house itself was an early American lover’s dream.  The cut stone exterior was somewhat rugged, but also cultivated, as it presided prominently over the treeless land.  We drove up the long gravel driveway to the front of a well maintained 4,000 sq. ft. red barn and parked in the midst of six or seven other cars.  Some looked foreign and expensive.  The house was probably about 3,000 sq. ft., a big one in the time of its construction, probably around 1850, but no longer considered gigantic by modern day standards.  But, the modern ones have a way to go before they can compete in charm, style, warmth and durability.
	Butch and I walked silently down a fifty foot gray slate path to the deep blue front door.  He knocked three times using a four inch gold knocker.  In a few seconds Frank came to the door.  He stood about six feet tall and was a slightly portly 230 pounds.  He was about 70 years old, with an almost full head of gray hair.  His casual clothes suggested a poised and easy graciousness.
	Frank said; “Welcome, welcome.  Butch, it’s good to see you.  It’s been a while.  Who’s your new friend?”
	Frank shook Butch’s hand and then extended it to me.  I said; “Ed” as we shook hands.  
	“Frank,” he said.  He led Butch and me into the center hall, which had a series of Oriental carpets, the most prominent piece of furniture a Chippendale mahogany grandfather’s clock, with a non-working movement, which resulted in the hands perennially stating 11 o’clock.  The hall had four white painted doors, two on each side.  We were led to the one on the back left.  Upon entering, the first things I noticed were the five well aged gentlemen sitting or standing near a large three part Heppelwhite table with spade feet evincing a reddish brown mahogany finish.  There were six identical arm chairs of similar vintage, stylish and deceptively fragile in appearance. 
	The second item getting my attention was a rustic tended bar in one corner with a myriad of bottles on simple shelves on the catty corner walls behind it.  Frank led us that way and said; “Butch are you imbibing this evening?”
	Butch said; “Not a chance.  Thanks, Frank.”
	Frank nodded toward Butch and said; “Glad to hear that.  And you, Ed?”
	I said; “None for me, either, thanks.  I need my wits about me to stand a chance against the sharpies Butch has been telling me about.”
	Butch and Frank made polite laughs and then Frank said; “Let’s go meet the rest of the boys.”  Sitting at the table bullshitting about God knows what, Jackie Owens, Chet Randolph and Bob Barrett stood up to greet the unexpected guests.
	Frank said; “Of course, you guys remember Butch.  He brought a new sucker with him, Ed.”
	I said; “Thank you for the introduction.”  Frank and Butch laughed.  We all shook hands while polite conversation went on.
	Bob said; “Glad to meet you, Ed.  And Butch, you’re looking better than I’ve seen you in a long time.”
	Butch responded; “I’m trying.  You look like life has been good to you.  You must have gained twenty pounds.”
	Bob laughed; “Yeah, I’ve been okay.”
	Jackie smiled and said; “Well, Butch, aren’t you going to evaluate my state of affairs?”
	Chet chimed in; “And don’t forget me.  I can hardly wait for your observations.”
	I said; “Why don’t we play cards instead?  I’m anxious to prove what a sucker I am.”
	Bob nodded approval and said; “Best idea I’ve heard all night.”
	We all sat down at the sizable table.  Butch and I sat one seat apart.  If I was number one, he was number three to my left.
	Frank picked up the deck; “This is mostly for Ed’s benefit.  We play dealer’s choice, $25 per hand, $200 limit per card, royalties on four of a kind or better and......”
	Butch interrupted, saying:  “I told Ed all about it.”
	Bob raised his eyebrows; “You guys are really anxious to play.  Just one more thing.  The game has a $1,000 entrance minimum.  Would you mind?”
	Butch and I emptied our pockets, showing the required amounts.  Butch politely said; “And you?”
	The four regulars laughed and put some money on the table in front of them, probably near $1,000.  I took a look at the players.  Two of them were similar to Frank, in that they appeared to be about the same ages, were somewhat portly, at ease with their underdressed prosperous faux farmer countenance and sat confidently and quietly, their preferred beverages on coasters in front of them.  Bob was the exception.  He was thin and wore black chinos and a light reddish brown button down long sleeved shirt, covered by an open black vest, giving off the aura of a gunslinger.  I didn’t expect it, but I hoped he wasn’t carrying one. 
	Almost all dealers called seven stud and as the game progressed I thought I noticed the players’ habits.  They generally played a conservative game, almost as if they had preconceived bets etched in their heads dependent on the hand they had, or its perceived potential.  They all tended to stay in the game no matter what they had until the last card, unless the bet was large and the bettor had something good on board.  
	Initially, I played the game the way I saw it played, in an effort to get a feel for what I could reasonably expect.  My ideas in place I began playing differently.  I bet the maximum much more often, even doing it in hands where my first three cards were of one suit, a weak possibility of a flush.
	I began getting good cards and more than once heard the comment; “Beginner’s luck.”  I would just smile and rake in the money.  Butch was up well, too, benefitting a lot from the technique of calling my bluff.  It became obvious that without exception the players kept looking at their down cards when they had a bad hand and not looking at them when they had a good one.
	Because I was betting heavily, the game went fast.  After an hour Jackie and Chet had already lost their original $1,000 plus another one.  Both announced that they had reached their nightly limit and dropped out of the game and spent the rest of the evening sitting at the bar, talking to the bartender, who was laughing uproariously at everything they said, which was not audible to me.  Bob was about even, but Frank was out $4,000.    Initially he did his usual bit of laughing about it.  He reminded everyone how he was collecting more money from the strawberry farmer, who leased his 250 acres, than he knew what to do with.  But, when his losses reached the current level he seemed to take on a slightly different tone.  
	Frank said; “Now that the small fish are out of the game, I want a chance to win back my money.  How about we change the rules to $250 up and $1,000 per card?”  He looked at me in particular when he said that and my first reaction would have been to say, “Sure, asshole,” but I decided to take a different stance.
	I said; “I don't know.  Changing the rules midway is a trifle disconcerting.”
	Butch said; “I never heard of this happening before.”
	Bob, who was approximately even, simply shrugged and raised his eyebrows, looking around the room, as if to say; “Whatever anybody wants.”
	Frank again looked at me and said; “A trifle disconcerting or not, it’s only fair to give me a chance to win my money back.”
	Butch looked at me, smirked and said; “I’m going to give the man a break and let him have his rule changes.  I can probably last a few hands.  If I start losing in this ‘friendly’ game, I hope that the man is amenable to some rule changes I might need.”
	Frank looked at Butch with a grimace, exhaling an exorbitant share of air from his nose, but saying nothing.
	I added; “All right.  If everyone’s for it I’m not going to mess it up.  I’d like you all to know, however, that unlike Frank here, I don’t have 250 acres under lease to a strawberry farmer and can’t afford to lose much.  When I’m back even, I quit.”
	Frank looked at me, this time appearing somewhat sorry and perhaps apologetic for being so money oriented in this “friendly” game.  I thought to myself; “Just where I want you to be, loser.”  
	I glanced over at Butch, who had a Mona Lisa smile on his face, when he made a small nod and a wink.  Bob was sitting there shuffling the cards over and over, not looking at any of us, no doubt deep in his own thoughts about the new situation, but ready to go whenever all the bullshit is over with.
	While the almost predictable conversation went on I had the oppor­tunity to survey more of Frank’s room.  His taste in paintings was eclectic to say the least.  The walls in the left quadrant, which housed his gambling table, were tongue and groove paneling, stained light brown, covering the original white painted plaster showing in the rest of the room.  There was an original color painting of the house, done around 1880, showing that the structure had not changed much over the years.  However, the land on which it sat evolved dramatically.  The plethora of trees shown in oil had disappeared and was replaced with nothing, as the 250 acre strawberry patch was now devoid of anything more than a foot tall.  Contrasting that was a four foot square lithograph under glass in a modernistic vein, containing perfectly drawn circles within circles of different colors.  At the center was a small cartoonish black and white drawing of a young girl’s face, looking upward, assuming the picture was hung correctly.  There were two others in the general area; one of traditional, elegantly dressed people with rifles, on horses, presumably hunting.  The last was a large crying clown’s face, however with a large red painted smile.  I wondered if the smile was due merely to the paint, or if it was part of the clown’s personae.
	However, currently more compelling was the concentration necessary to resume the game.  I wanted a little break to get back into the necessary state of mind, so I said; “Frank, before we get going, can you direct me to the bathroom?”
	Frank said; “Sorry, Ed. I should have pointed that out to begin with.”  He directed me to a lavatory in the hallway just outside the room.  As I took care of business, the sound of the stream hitting the yellowing water brought me back to more reality than I needed.
	I re-entered the gambling room to the smiling nod of the barman, which I returned.  I again took my same seat at the table, though my competitors’ positions changed.  To reduce the game from six to four players, the two end seats were now empty, leaving the remaining men sitting across from each other two by two.  Frank was now shuffling the cards furiously.  He said; “I’ll deal first, all right?”
	Bob said; “Let’s cut for it.”
	Frank laid the cards face down on the table, each of us removing one interior card.  Butch picked the highest card, the Queen of clubs, took the deck, re-shuffled it, offering a cut to the man on his right, me, which I waved off.  He started dealing the cards, announcing “seven stud.”  We antied up our $250 apiece. 
	The game started slowly, with no one doing anything unusual.  Betting was modest, but it seemed as time went by Frank started to appear in a hurry to get his money back.  He wasn’t getting anywhere near his share of winning hands and his bets per card started to escalate, sometimes raising, even when others seemed to have much better cards on board.  At first I thought he could be holding some good down cards, but he kept looking at them and after a while I saw that he was betting nothing special and was merely acting hastily not conducive to financial health.  After half an hour, Butch, Bob and I were up $8,000 of Frank’s money.  I had noticed a pattern of Bob’s, who sat to my right.  He waved off the cut, when offered, every time I dealt.
	In one game Bob dealt, I got absolute garbage on the first three cards; a two of clubs, a five of diamonds and a Jack of hearts.  Frank bet $1000 on the first up card, which we all called.  My fourth card continued the barrage with an eight of spades, so when Frank bet another $1000, I dropped out, the others calling and remaining in the game.  After the seventh and final cards were dealt to the others, I grabbed the deck of cards, as it was my deal next.  As I shuffled them, I found 3 aces left in the deck.  As the betting went on, I sloppily dropped the cards on the floor face up, picking them up with feigned difficulty, managing to install the aces as the fourth, eighth and twelfth cards from the top of the deck.  I also managed to get two fives at the second and sixth positions, which would be Frank’s cards.  The current game finally ended after a few rounds of raising, with an “Oh, man” exclaimed by Bob when he saw Butch’s unlikely three good down cards, all hearts, which gave him a flush, beating his three of a kind, which he threw down on the table in disgust.  Everyone was watching Bob’s reaction as he threw his arms down by his sides, slumped in the chair and stared at the ceiling.  Taking advantage of the diversion, I did a very sloppy shuffling, not disturbing the first twelve cards.  As usual I offered a cut to Bob, who just raised his left hand and brought it back down, mumbling; “Fuck it.”
	I dealt the cards saying; “Seven stud.”  The others didn’t matter much in the game, so suffice to say that, Frank and I were very happy to see our first three cards.  High on board was Butch to my left.  He said; “Pass.”
	Frank said; “$350.”
	Bob said; “Okay,” and threw the money in.
	The next bet was me.  I said; “Okay, let’s get this over with, make it $700.”
	Butch, Frank and Bob simply called.
	I dealt out the second face card.  Frank was elated, as now he already had two pair, one on board.  I said; “It’s on the eights.”
	Frank said; “Let’s make this interesting, $1,000.”
	Bob sighed and said; “One more. Call.”
	I simply said; “Call,” as did Butch.
	I dealt out the third face card and said; “Still on the eights.”
	Frank shrugged and said; “Another $1,000.”
	Bob looked at his down card, shook his head and said; “Not me,” throwing in his cards.
	I whispered; “Plus one,” and Butch dropped out.  Frank simply called. 
	Butch shot me a look when he saw me raise on the fifth card against a visible pair of eights while nothing obvious of mine was showing.  I caught his glance, looked him square in the eyes for a second, made the slightest of nods and gave him a wink only he could see.  I turned my eyes back to the table.
	When I dealt out the sixth card, I saw Butch sitting back on his chair, hands at his side, looking at me with the vaguest of smiles as if to say; “Okay, pal, let’s see what you’ve got.”
	I dealt the fourth face card to Frank and me.  We were both very pleased.
	Frank said; “1,000.”
	I said; “1,000 and another.”
	Frank said; “And again.” 
	I said; “At least once more.”
	“Fine with me.  I’ll give you a break and just call this time.”
	I dealt out the third and last down card.
	Frank said; “Here we go again,” throwing in $1,000.
	I surveyed his five cards.  Since I had aces full, the only thing Frank could have to beat me was four eights or four fives and I had one of each of those cards.  I knew I could not lose.  What a fantastic feeling.  How many times can one honestly say that?  I said; “How about we forget about the limits again.  Let me throw in everything I’ve got here.”  I pushed about $8,000 into the center of the table.
	Frank said; “Good,” matching my $8,000 and then said; “And another ten.”
	I said; “I’m light the $10,000 plus another $10,000.”
	Frank said: “Don’t get in over your head.”
	I said; “I can’t write you a check for it today, but I can have it in two to ten days.  You know where I live.”
	Frank said: “Sounds fine to me.  But I’ll just call this time.”  The board revealed the following:


	I softly laid my two hidden aces down and very softly said; “Aces full.”
	Frank stared at the cards in apparent disbelief.  He then turned his head left toward his old buddy, Bob, smiling and shaking his head he said; “Fives full.  Can you believe it?”
	Bob said flatly; “Some days it just doesn’t pay to get out of bed.”
	As I reeled in the money Frank said; “Take it, you lucky son of a bitch.”
	Attempting to sound fortunate, grateful and underplayed, I said; “This is great.  I haven’t been lucky in some time.
	Frank said; “We can go for some bigger action.  Think about it.  I know a game in the Bedminster condos with a $20,000 minimum and $2,000 maximum per card.”
	I said; “That’s nice to know.  I’ll think about it a while.”  Standing up from the table, I said; “I assume the evening’s festivities are concluded.”
	The other three rose and took a step or two toward the door.  Almost simultaneously people started shaking hands and saying their “Good night, see you soon” types of talk.  When we got to the door Frank looked at me and said; “I’m serious.  Think about it.  I can back you for half the winnings.  If I don’t get a good hit, I’m going to have to raise the strawberry farmer’s rent.”
	Though I was very interested, I didn’t want to appear as too sharp and I chose to deflect him, saying; “He’ll have to raise his prices.”  
	Frank cautioned; “I know you’re the guy who recently had a brain tumor.  You can’t get more unlucky than that.  You’re okay, right?”
	I said; “Yeah, more or less.  The after effects make me sleep a lot.”
	Frank said; “Maybe you need some excitement.  And maybe you’re walking around lucky, now.”
	Everyone was smiling, including me when I offered Frank my right hand, which he took, as I said; “I promise I’ll think about it.  I’m flattered.  I was just lucky tonight.”
	Frank nodded at me and said; “You know where to find me.”
	Butch and I silently entered his car and we drove away.  When we got to the end of Frank’s driveway, he looked in the rear view mirror to see if anyone was within earshot.  Feeling safe he yelled; “Fucking fantastic.”
	I mock modestly said; “I got a once in a lifetime situation.”
	“Maybe you know how to make ‘once in a lifetime’ situations happen.  Think you can do it again?”
	I started laughing and said; “Maybe.”
	He started laughing, too and we drove silently back to my house.  I said; “Let’s split up inside,” as I opened the car door.
	When we got in we stood at the kitchen table and emptied our pockets.  Butch said; “Do you know what Frank is talking about?”
	I said; “A little bit.  Truthfully, not exactly.”
	“He sometimes backs someone for a 50-50 profit split.”
	“What if I lose?”
	“He eats it.”
	I said; “Shit.  Another can’t lose situation.  I think I’m going to be paying a visit to Frank’s house soon.”  We split the money in half, each of keeping $22,000.  
	I said; “Before I go see Frank, though, when am I going to meet Acheron?  I’m feeling amorous.”
	Butch said; “Didn’t I tell you?”
	I said; “Maybe, but I wasn’t really paying attention to you.  I was thinking only about cards.”
	He smiled at me and said, “Dinner, tomorrow night, 6 PM at the Flemington Hotel.  You come get me and we’ll take both cars.”
	“Fine.  But, why both cars?”
	“Keeps options open, dummy.”
	I laughed at my own naivete, immediately remembering that there are such things as “stupid questions.”  

Chapter 6


	I woke the next morning in my usual couch position, the first glimmer of sunrise beautifully in my eyes.  Dulling things somewhat I had the TV on and saw right wing fat boy lecture some unseen straw man on some­thing, he off and on found as amusing as his captive staff.  I was impressed at the number of “facts” at his immediate disposal.  This guy just had to be the modern day equivalent of an anti-Huey Long.  As I listened to him detailing the inefficiencies and wasted use of line items #176-A, 194-H, 076-Y and the like, I corrected myself.  Huey Long actually got elected to a number of offices.  This popularly plain and ordinary representative of the formerly “silent majority,” no doubt an interesting guest at backyard beer barbeques, was living proof of the vacuity of the movement now making a roaring advance.  Didn’t they realize that their former silence was the best thing they had going for them?  Coined “The angry white males,” they now had a chuckle head to dispel that negative moniker.  He was perfect.  If anything he said proved un-popularly gauche, he could always, believably say; “Just kidding.  Can’t the liberals take a joke?”  I wondered; “How long can this mean spirited stupidity possibly stand the light of day?”  In a few seconds I got my answer; “As long as Americans think wallowing in that same stupidity is surface fashionable merriment and they sub-surface secretly agree with it.”  
	I got up and got my usual microwaveable breakfast and started “cooking” and making coffee.  Rather than dwelling on the current state of national politics and opinion, I focused on things more important to me; “I had some money and I might be getting some pussy.”
	I decided to gel out in the face of tonight’s activities.  I forgot about cards, money and schemes and took an inventory of the pictures hanging on the walls in my own house.  The only one in the kitchen was a tiny one hanging over the fireplace, depicting a small yellow house with a gray thatched roof, sitting alone on an overgrown field of long sparse grass, a late fall or early spring sunny day.  I stared at it for a few minutes as I found something about it stimulating.  
	I walked into the “living room” which contained the best furniture I had including a well done copy of a 1780 Queen Ann highboy and a copy of a 1760 Chippendale cross secretary.  Both items are on the large side, but despite that, their styling was simple, elegant and graceful.  The first picture I scrutinized looked like something from the fourteenth or fifteenth century.  It depicted a melancholy woman, sitting on a chair next to a table, which was host to a violin.  She was holding and playing a lyre she held to her wistful head.  The only other picture in the room was quite different, showing a large red barn on a treeless field, on another sunny early spring or fall day.  This one was strange because it was made of some type of material.  I wondered if the material was lightly stained, or if the artist stitched together threads made of the appropriate colors.  If I had to make a guess as to what the three pictures revealed, it was a languid tranquility.  I couldn’t be sure I this was an actuality or an ideal.  Right now, if I had to guess, I would have to say an ideal.
	I thought about meeting this eccentric Acheron.  I was anxiously anticipating it, as since she was described as strange, the night should be interesting, at the very least.  Sometimes I think “strange” people are merely the ones with the nerve to exhibit their true self.  Others either remain hidden.  I can’t imagine anyone actually that boring.
	I’d been daydreaming a while, because I heard the grand­father clock in the room chime twelve times.  It was already time for lunch, so I went back to the kitchen, sitting at the table, wondering what it was I wanted to eat.  I had a thought, but was sure there wasn’t any of that here, so I settled for hamburgers, which I washed down with ice tea.  The absolute silence in the house reminded me of some creepy movie I had seen about death.  So, when I finished eating I went back to my well utilized couch, putting on the television to break the silence.
	I was in luck.  I didn’t see anyone claiming to know everything or advertising the stupid book they had written to clue everyone else in.  Rather than that I was pleased to see some game show full of happy, jumping, chirping people lusting after a win, which would enable them to have a one in eight chance of going home in a brand new, shiny four door dark brown Toyota.
	The female contestant who got the hot shot was very disappointed not to be successful, hanging her head, only to be resurrected to bouncy mirth when the announcer reminded her and us that she should be very happy, as she would be taking home a new metallic refrigerator, a king sized waterbed and a year’s subscription to a fashion magazine, “all valued at a total of $2,000.”  I knew the taxman would be waiting for her with forms backstage.  I wondered if the operator of the game show would deliver the valuable merchandise, or if the lucky lady would be required to take possession backstage.  The shows continued in this vein with minor deviation and somewhere along the line I must have fallen asleep.
	I became one of the contestants on a game show requiring the pushing of a buzzer, which mimicked a fart.  The rules were that as soon as one thought they knew the answer to a question the host read from a card, they sound the flatulent alarm and be permitted to display their brilliance.  I really got into it, excitedly jamming my right hand against the appropriately sounding alarm as soon as possible.  When I was too slow and was beaten by another contestant I grimaced and said things like “Ooooh.”  Apparently I did well enough to win, no accolade to me, as the other players blew the game by jumping on the button too quickly and being penalized for saying “Duh” to the answer.  Maybe they too liked making the rude noise.  When I got my failing shot at winning the shiny new car, sat on by some babe in a bikini and high heels, I too showed visible sorrow.  But the cheerful host reminded me that I “still had won $4,500,” not bad for an afternoon’s work.  I liked the idea of cash and was quite jumpy and happy, especially because I didn’t want a new refrigerator or water bed.  When I went to the appropriate place to retrieve my prize backstage, not only was I greeted by the taxman, but I was handed confederate money.
	When I woke up it was already 5PM, so I dressed for the date.  Rather than wearing my usual blue jeans and a light blue button up long sleeved shirt rolled up to the arm pits, I put on a pair of washed blue jeans and a washed light blue button up long sleeved shirt rolled up to the armpits.  I looked at myself in a large mirror which towered above a bathroom double sink.  I thought; “Well, this is going to have to do.  Not all that bad, considering.......”
	I went out and got into my Toyota.  I was to meet Butch at his house, then drive to the Flemington Hotel where we’d meet Alice and Acheron.  I knew and liked the place.  The hotel was a two story white clapboard 5000 sq. ft. Victorian building that was indeed once a hotel, but now housed retail stores in the basement; a restaurant on the first floor and God knows what on the second.  It was in a fair degree of disrepair which enhanced its ambiance.
	When I got to his house, Butch was sitting on a wooden outdoor chair near the front entranceway.  I parked in his driveway, got out of the car and said; “I’m not late, am I?”
	“No, man.  I’m having a bad day and I just wanted to be in the fresh air.”
	“What’s wrong?”
	“My spirit seductress is back, pestering the shit out of me to drink more.  And all day I’ve felt like I was going to puke any minute.”
	“That could be funny.  But try not to get it on the girls, or me for that matter.”
	“I think I can handle that one.  But, how am I going to get rid of the spirit?”
	“Let me talk to her.”
	“She won’t talk to you, or even show herself to you.  She’s only mine.”
	“All right.  Is she here now?”
	“Yes.”
	“If I say something to you, can you tell her what I said?”
	“Probably.”
	“And can you tell me her answer?”
	“Maybe.  But why?  Are you good at making spirits disappear?”
	“I don't know.  I’ve never tried it before.  It’s worth a shot.”
	Butch saw her standing near them with a perturbed look on her face.  Her long straight blond hair flowed over her long light blue dress, open at the front, exposing her un-tanned bare legs to the mid-thigh.  She said; “I told you that I didn’t want to meet your friends.”
	Butch said; “Well, leave then.  I don’t care.”
	I said; “What?”
	Butch said; “Oh, I was talking to her.”
	I said; “This could get confusing.  Threes are always tricky even without one being silent and invisible.”
	The spirit walked over to me and standing a foot from me said; “Don’t put yourself into any kind of threesome with me.”
	After a few seconds Butch realized that I didn’t hear her and said; “She doesn’t want you in her threesome.”
	Both the genie and I started to speak at the same time, but not hearing her, I said; “I don’t want to be in a threesome with her, either.  The genie of the beer bottle doth flatter herself.”
	She said; “I didn’t say I wanted to be in any threesome at all, least of all with this jerk.”
	Butch paraphrased for her; “She doesn’t want any kind of threesome.”
	I said; “Good, we agree on one thing. But, in addition to that, she’s not even worthy of a twosome.”
	She heard me and was annoyed for a number of unrelated reasons and said; “First of all, I’m not a beer bottle spirit. I inhabit some of the finest aged wines most of the time.  And secondly, I already have a twosome with Butch.  You don’t have a twosome with anybody, so who’s the unworthy one?”
	Her words piqued Butch, beer his favorite beverage and rather than decoding the message to me, he responded directly to her and said; “Are you too refined to be a beer bottle spirit?  The only bottles I have around here, I suppose, are beneath your dignity.”
	The spirit said; “I didn’t say that.”
	Butch said; “Yes, you did.  Why don’t you go pester one of your refined wine aficionados?  I’m more of a beer drinking desperado, bitch.”
	I had lost track of the conversation, but what Butch had just said sounded good to me and I got an idea.  I said; “How many times do you have to hear that Butch doesn’t want you?  Now, I’m a wine drinker, more your style and I could use the company.  I’ll cancel this date and you can come with me.”
	Butch interjected; “What the hell kind of shit are you trying to pull, Mr. Exalted Wino?”
	I said; “Trust me on this one, Butch.  Come on, pretty spirit.  He doesn’t want you.  I do.”
	She was confused.  She realized that she was not doing at all well with Butch, as of late and her ego was bruised.  Maybe she should cut her losses and start a new project.  For the first time, audibly to me, she said; “Do you really love lots of wine directly from the source?”  Butch didn’t hear her.
	She became visible to me and when I got a good look at her long exposed white legs, I responded with; “As far as I’m concerned, the source is always the best place to be.”
	Butch said; “Now I can’t see her and I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
	I again said; “Trust me.”
	The genie said; “He shouldn’t trust you.  You’re a devil.”
	I said; “He shouldn’t trust you, either.  We’re cut from the same mold and we should be together.”
	She stared questioningly into my eyes.  Her eyes softened and I cocked my head left, closed my eyes briefly, opened them, smiled and winked at her.
	She said; “You’re a devious liar.  I’m with you.”
	For some strange reason Butch heard the last of her comments and was perplexed.  He wanted to get rid of her, but didn’t want her taken by his best friend.  He also didn’t like her attraction to lying or liars.  He didn’t like his friend backing out of a date at the last minute.  He didn’t know what to address first, so ignored all the specifics, got right to the point and said; “Ed, are you and me going to see the girls now, or not?”
	The spirit answered for me and said; “Of course he’s not.  He’s with me, now.”
	I corrected her, saying; “Butch, I’m with you and the girls.  This bad dream can go back in her beer bottle, wine bottle, or piss bottle.  I don’t care which.  I just wanted you to clearly see what kind of fickle monster she is.”
	Realizing that she had made a mistake, she stared coldly at both of us and said; “There are millions of jerks just like you two I can spend my time with.”  She put her two middle fingers under her eyes, pulling down the skin, exposing the white of her eyeballs.  Her entire eyes turned deep purple, then black and she disappeared.
	Butch and I looked at each other for a few seconds, neither sure of exactly what had just happened and both of us wondering if the other approved.  He broke the silence and said; “I’ve been trying to get rid of her all day.  It’s time to go meet the girls.  Wait till you see Acheron.”
	I said; “I can’t wait.”
	“I’ll follow you in my car.”
	“Two cars?”
	“Sure, that’s what I told you.  Maybe you’ll have to drive Acheron home.”
	“All right, here we go.”  
	Butch went into the garage and brought out his 1972 bright purple Mustang.  I followed him down the quiet wooded country back roads riding toward the declining early evening sun, the shadows coming directly at us.
	We pulled into parking spaces right in front of the hotel, which sat ten feet from the street.  I noticed that the proprietor of the basement level “Cat Store” was just closing up.  He danced quickly away.  I exited the car and looked in the window, wondering how someone could fill up a whole store with merchandise only for cats.  There was no food, but every type of cat toy, cat facsimile, cat keychain, cat bed, cat game, VHS tapes of cat movies, cat ashtrays, cat litter boxes, cat collars, cat harnesses, cat leashes, cat treats, etc., etc., etc.  I liked the place and planned to come back during store hours, desiring to get a closer look at some of the more realistic cat dolls.
	Butch waited a few seconds for me and I eventually climbed the concrete stairs from the lower level and met him at the base of the white and gray painted wooden stairs leading to the “first” level, home of the restaurant.  We went up and he opened the door.  Charlie the bartender was behind the bar and appeared to have already put away a few.  He slightly slurred when he said; “Hey, Butch, where have you been?” 
	Butch replied; “I’ve been all over the place, but I think I’m back where I belong.  What are you up to?”
	Charlie said; “Same old.  I’ve been kind of all over, too, but I don't know where the hell I belong.  Who’s your friend?”
	Butch said; “Oh, my apologies.  This is Ed.  He lives around here, too.  We’re having a dinner date with Alice and Acheron.”
	I walked over to Charlie and we shook hands.  I said; “Proud to meet you.  I hear you mix a great drink.”
	He said; “What can I get you?”
	I asked for; “A double Jack Daniels and soda.”
	Charlie smiled and affably said; “I guess you got stuck with Acheron.”
	I said; “I’m not stuck yet and I’m hoping that double will prepare me.”
	Charlie turned away to retrieve and mix the appropriate bottles.  I noticed that his disheveled body weaved a bit.  He looked about my age, average height and build.  The feature that most stayed with me was his balding head with the black hair left inordinately long in some spots, no doubt attempting to cover the bald spot.  Now, it was hanging in his face and he regularly brushed it back with his right hand, only to have it fall back into his eyes, as if it were in the wind.  He said; “And you, Butch?”
	Butch said; “I really shouldn’t, but I think I’d like a screwdriver.”  Charlie nodded at us as we took seats at the previously unoccupied bar.  He brought us our drinks and put them on coasters.  He looked around the room quickly and then put his hands under the bar, picking up a medium sized bottle of something and taking a quick swig.  He again surveyed the room, as he surreptitiously and quickly put the cap back on the bottle and then put it back in its hiding place.
	I said; “Is it usually this empty this time of day?”
	Charlie replied; “Yeah.  We don’t get anywhere near the amount of customers we did when the economy was good.  The place is in need of repair, too and maybe that makes some of the ‘upscale’ clientele seek other places.”
	He pointed at a wall painting in the area which housed the empty tables and chairs.  It was a twelve by eight portrait of life in the area more than 100 years ago.  There was a small white clapboard two story house with some post and rail fencing around it.  Beyond were two horse drawn carriages traveling down a dirt road in opposite directions.  Different types of trees, in full bloom, filled in the empty spaces.  Charlie said; “It’s already starting to peel in many areas and a good restoration would be very expensive.”
	I tritely said; “That’s too bad.  It’s really nice.”
	We made small talk for about five minutes, when we heard the front door open.  Alice and Acheron entered apparently still carrying on a conversation that had been going on for some time.
	Alice said; “Just stop it.  You’ll be just fine.”
	Acheron said: “That’ll be a first.”
	Alice said; “I give up.  Just be yourself.”
	Acheron said; “What’s that, in your estimation?”
	The two female compatriots saw Butch, Charlie and me at the bar and were quiet for a few moments, just standing still about fifteen feet away from us.  I got my first look at both of them.  Alice was about 35, with long honey blond hair parted in the middle, covering part of her round pretty face.  She was wearing a fancy orange short sleeved blouse and a knee length black loose dress, displaying some of the meat on her 5’5”, 150 pound frame.  Acheron was another story.  She fidgeted around, eyeballing us with what seemed to be trepidation.  Her medium length black straight hair did not touch her white shoulders. She wore a sleeveless purple tight shirt containing a white drawing of and the name Allman Brothers.  Under that was a baggy pair of black high-water pants, containing two inch wide lines running from her small hips to her calves, one red and one lavender.  Overall, the first impression I got was punky.
	We quickly guzzled the last of our drinks.  Butch and I got up from our seats and walked over to them.  He gave Alice a light kiss on the cheek and a hug.  He said; “I guess you figured this out already, but this is Ed.  Ed, this is Alice and Acheron.”  I first shook hands with Alice and then realized that I didn’t know how to greet Acheron.  A handshake seemed silly and a kiss too bold.  In my hesitation Acheron extended her right hand to me and when I didn’t immediately take it, she quickly pulled it back, raised both of her arms to the ceiling and said; “I don’t shave my armpits.”  Only I laughed.  The thick curly black hair prompted me to say; “Reminds me of something, but I can’t quite put my finger on it.”
	No doubt wanting to create a diversion, Alice said; “Butch, I can smell it on your breath.  Don’t tell me you’re at it again.”  She gave me a weird look.
	Butch winced and said; “Oh, Alice, don’t start off the night with that.  I’m doing fine and I’m celebrating yesterday’s gambling haul.  I’m not having another.”
	Alice said; “You’re gambling, too?”
	Butch just sighed and said; “Oh, man.”
	Acheron finally put her arms back down by her sides and I smiled at her and said; “I like,” and put my arms around her waist and gave her a brief hug.  I let go.  She bent her knees the slightest bit and made a small smile, which I interpreted as relief mixed with feeling pleased.  I was compelled to add; “I really dig natural women.  Are you all wool and a yard wide?”
	Acheron was familiar with the phrase, which kind of means not artificial or not disguised, with an implied reference to carnality.  She raised her eyebrows, blinked and opened her mouth to speak, when Alice, who along with Butch, did not know the phraseology, beat her to the punch and loudly said; “Is a table reserved for us?”
	Charlie stepped out from behind the bar and said; “It looks like the waitress either didn’t show up or quit.  Let me take you to your table.  Butch and Ed have indeed reserved a special one for you.”  He led us through the empty room.  All the tables and chairs were identical.  The tables, whatever they were made of, were covered with red and white checkered tablecloths which had seen better days.  The chairs were comprised of some black iron mangling with plush seats attached thereto with two ties to the gorgeous frames.  They too were stoically crying for their glorious youth.  Their shapes and textures varied in each, perhaps the result of a series of garage sales.  When we got to the appointed spot toward the back of the room Charlie graciously made a sweeping gesture with his left hand, simultaneously half-bowing and said; “The best in the house,” and walked slowly back to the bar, his footsteps magnified by the silence.
	Acheron was the first to seat herself, lodging her frame in the cushioned twisted metal monstrosity with the best view of the peeling fresco.  The rest of us took lesser places, though by chance I, too, could get a view of the colored remnant, if I turned my head to the right.  I was between Acheron and Alice, across from Butch.
	The tone for the evening was set, at least in my mind and probably Acheron’s.  So rather than engaging in the customary socializing chit-chat, my double Jack Daniels prompted me to pursue what was interrupted and said; “Acheron, do you have any other unique body parts you’d like to share with the group?” 
	Acheron grinned and responded; “Of course I have other unique body parts, but I’m not interested in group activities.”
	I surprised myself when I said; “How about a private showing, later?  Maybe I can show you something unique.”
	Acheron laughed, looked at Alice and said; “Get me some of what he’s been drinking.”
	Not being directly rebuked, I was encouraged and continued, saying; “I’ll assume that means yes.”
	Acheron reached out her right hand and put it on my thigh under the table, saying; “Hold your drawers on, baby.  The night is still young.”  
	I nodded at her, making a small smile.  I noticed for the first time that Acheron had a somewhat unusual face.  Her features were pretty, especially the two large blue eyes which took attention away from her thin straight nose and full lips, which covered the pale white skin.  There was no makeup of any sort.  Her black shoulder length hair was parted in the middle and some type of gel must have been used to, more or less, flatten it out.
	Alice was visibly annoyed and said to Acheron; “You spent days worrying about how to act on a date and this is the best you came up with?”
	Acheron was surprised, didn’t appreciate the public chastisement and responded to Alice; “I took your brilliant advice and am behaving, as opposed to acting, naturally.  What’s your fucking problem with that?”
	Alice stumbled over some words; “Well, you know there is something to be said for propriety.  I don't know if I want to participate in rude behavior.”
	Acheron was defiantly encouraged and rather than responding to her friend, looked my way and asked; “Ed, do you want to extend your participation?”
	I saw the game.  Acheron was trying to show up Alice for having been upbraided.  Though I was startled, I definitely wanted to be on Acheron’s side and continue our play.  I stuck out my tongue and said; “Most assuredly.”
	Acheron smiled, looked to Alice and said; “See.  Now if you’d like to act properly somewhere else, that would be fine with me and probably Ed.”
	I unsuccessfully tried to look noncommittal and was at a loss for words.  I gently nodded my head once in Acheron’s direction.
	Alice leaned forward aggressively and loudly said to Acheron; “Why do you always have to start something stupid?”  She paused and looked around the still empty room and added; “I hope no one else is listening to this.”
	Acheron was now on a roll; “Let me respond to that in reverse order.  Someone else is always listening, whether you see them or not.  And if starting ‘something stupid’ is a crime, why isn’t everyone in jail?”
	Butch seemed to go out of his way to sound calm and said; “This is getting very weird.  I think Alice and I should find some excuse to go elsewhere.”
	Acheron answered for Alice; “No problem for me.  I get disgusted hearing generalistic instructions from people who don't know what they’re talking about, contradict themselves and then expect MY apology.  The best thing anyone has ever done for me is to give me benign neglect, but I suppose I’m asking too much.”
	Butch stood up and took Alice by the arm.  She, too, rose, with a bewildered and bombarded look on her face and silently started to walk away with Butch, who said; “Acheron, you’re stuck with Ed.  Alice and I are going to get our sustenance at the bowling alley.”  They walked past Charlie, at the bar, who just cocked his head to the side, saying; “I hope it’s not due to the high quality service.  We lost our four star rating last week.”
	Butch smiled and said; “I can’t imagine why you would lose your stars.  Alice just remembered that she had a prior date with her etiquette books.”
	Alice was previously befuddled.  Now she was out and out confused and did not appreciate Butch’s tone.  She managed a neutral tone and told Butch; “I’ll go in my car.  You can go in yours.”  No neutrality was evident when she was motivated to take one last parting shot at Acheron; “Don’t ever ask my advice if you have no intention of following it.”  
	Sounding very bored, Acheron mumbled; “You told me to be myself, Miss Uptight.”  Butch and Alice traversed the rest of the distance to the door with her mouthing incoherent sentence fragments and him trying to hold and calm her with no success.  They were gone.
	Acheron and I listened to the one-sided “conversation” and she said to me; “Butch was right.”
	I looked at her dumbfounded, trying to recall what he said.
	She added; “I am stuck with you.  I came in Alice’s car.”
	I laughed and said; “I’ll do my best not to make you feel stuck.”
	She extended her lips and made a little kiss in my direction, saying; “For a unique body part.”
	I didn’t have any witty comeback, so I put my hand on her thigh, made a similar air kiss and said; “For a number of unique body parts.”
	Charlie walked over to us with a broad grin, pushed the errant hair out of his eyes with a toss of the head; and knowingly gave us the straight line; “Do you two know what you’d like to eat?”
	We both warmly smiled, looking at each other and then him.
	He continued; “I’m serious.  I’m going to be your waitress tonight.  The other one must have quit, but nobody’s been here to notice.  First, can I get you something to drink?”
	I said; “Can we have a bottle of red wine?” looking at Acheron for approval, which she indicated with a silent nod.
	“Anything particular?” Charlie asked.
	“The sweetest,” I replied.
	He went back to the bar.
	I said; “When you said that stuff before, I thought I met my soul mate.  People are always making some kind of rules or giving advice to me.  If I can decipher their codes correctly, I follow the inconsistent stupid rule and then they make me feel obliged to apologize for purposely misconstruing their double talking nonsense.  I can’t tolerate that very long.  Butch isn’t like that and I’m sure you’re not either.”
	She put her hand on mine and said; “I’m so glad you said that.  I know I took a chance on saying what I did, but I decided that I’m getting too old to keep trying to wade through the bullshit, bored to death.  No rules, right?”  
	I said; “Only one.  Sex at least once a day.”
	She smiled, but looked away from me.  Her gaze was directed at the ceiling, still smiling, with a number of lascivious thoughts appearing simultaneously, reminiscent of a merry go round.  I followed her eyes to the same point up high and saw the same horses prancing.
	Charlie came back with the bottle and two glasses, pouring it for us.  He said; “Seriously, I’m the only one working tonight.  So, I’m also going to be your cook.  Are hamburgers with all the trimmings all right?”
	Acheron said; “More than all right.”
	I nodded; “Yes.”
	He went through a double door leading to another room, presumably the kitchen.
	I picked up my glass and extended my arm toward her.  She elevated her glass and we intended to make a gentle clink, but first we came up short, causing both of us to lurch our missiles forward, resulting in a collision and much spilled wine on the tablecloth.
	We both laughed, trying to minimize the damage by moving our glasses away from the other’s and steadying our hands.  I said; “Two of a kind.”  She raised her dark eye brows, causing her beautiful blue eyes to get even larger.  She said; “I hope they don’t make us pay for the damage.”
	“Not us.  Me.  This is my treat.  Butch and I won $21,000 apiece at a card game last night.”  Acheron’s silence told me that she might not be interested in my impressive recount of the story.  She might even think it to be a lot of crap, so I attempted to get back in her comfortable territory, saying; “One of my favorite behavioral patterns is when people persist in doing me some unasked for and un-needed favor.  After I offer the obligatory thank you’s, then they act as if I owe them something.”
	Acheron said; “I can twist that a little.  I ask someone for a favor.  Of course their deepest instincts take over, not wanting to be chump enough to do anyone any good, so they do it incorrectly and uselessly.  Then after I say thank you, thank you, just to end the charade, they act as if I owe them something.”
	“Do you pay them back?”
	She took a sip of wine, smiled and facetiously said; “In fucking full.”
	Not certain of the sarcasm used, I straightly said; “Why bother?”
	“Value judgment.  On days more boring than most, I amuse myself by doing something incorrectly and of no value for them.”
	I feigned horror, widened my eyes and said; “Oh, no.  You’re being socialized.”
	“I said on a very boring day.”
	I laughed as did she, but seriously added; “Isn’t that dangerous?  They could be totally confused at that point.  They couldn’t be sure if you were useless or adept at their game.”
	“That’s the beauty of it.  That’s their problem.  To me the simplicity is that it’s not an either/or question.  I’m both, at that time.”
	“How about when something like this happens?  Some boring pretentious ass continually parks himself near you and if you make the mistake of saying something to him, he makes stupid boring cryptic comments or is insulting.”
	“I can add to that one too.  He requires me to speak about his boring subject of interest and even if I deign to accommo­date him, he then informs me that he is busy and has to leave.  How “busy” he was, continually parking his ass next to me, is apparently obvious to me, but not him.”  Acheron made a “duh” face.
	 I laughed and said; “At least you get rid of him.”
	“It works every time.  I’m waiting for the day when someone programs the computer to say boring, stupid, incorrect things.  Then everyone can cut the sham and no longer pretend to need people.  Their quota of required stupidity can be met, with the touch of a finger.”
	I said; “Am I ever glad you decided to be yourself.  I hate to imagine what might be going on now if you passed Alice’s subject of deportment.  We’d probably all be nervously sitting here, not knowing what to say next, considering each important sentence in the context of not accidentally insulting anyone present and consequently getting a headache.  Have you read any good books lately?”
	“No, have you?”
	“Sort of.  I saw a book titled ‘Fuck It’.  Its subtitle was ‘Everything You Needed to Know about Psychiatry’.”
	“Well, what did you think of it?”
	“I liked it a lot.  Of course I didn’t read it, as the author told me that ‘Fuck It’ was all I needed to know.”
	“You also need to know that the best hamburgers ever served to anyone are now at your disposal and you don’t even owe me a favor,” said Charlie, as he delivered two plates with the hugest hamburgers either of us had ever seen.  Trimmings were as promised, all of the, and it included ketchup, lettuce, tomatoes, bacon, cheese, peppers, mushrooms and some hidden riders.  Charlie said; “Enjoy it,” and returned to the bar hearing genuine and simultaneous thank you’s.
	We both gazed at the culinary prizes, realizing the importance of and the difficulties presented by sheer size.
	I said; “I just pick them up with my hands and shove them in my face.”
	“Fantastic, me too.”
	“Oh great.”  I cheerily said; “Can I give you some benign neglect later?”
	She smiled, thought for a few seconds and then said; “Sure, as long as I can give you some benign neglect too.”
	We both put our faces in our super-burgers and ate heartily gathering remnants of all the trimmings on our cheeks.  We finished the wine bottle at the same time we finished our meal, leaned back in our chairs and smiled at each other.
	She said; “Want to try some normal conversation for a while?”
	“Not really.”
	“Oh, come on.  What do you splendidly do for a living?  What kind of car do you have?  What’s the highest degree you’ve obtained?  And dare I say, will you allude to the value of your house and your holdings of liquid assets?”
	I just laughed and leaned forward in my seat, putting my hands on the table and folding them in mock consternation.  I  said; “I’m going to utilize the excuse of having had too much to drink to evade that question or group of questions.  Frankly, I don’t have any good jocular retort.”
	“Who said the answer had to be jocular?”
	“Well, at least it requires normal evasiveness.”
	“So, be normally evasive.”
	“It’s hard.  The normal part throws me.  I really only know the answer to one of those questions.  So, I can’t quite grasp the concept of being evasive to a zero.  You’ll soon see my car.  It’s a late model high end of the line Toyota and we better get to it quickly.  I’ve drunken so much that I can feel the wave getting larger and we ought to get to your place before I puke.”
	Acheron got serious; “I don’t want you puking in my house.  If you have to do it, do it elsewhere.”
	“It’s not like I have a choice about it.  I’d rather not do it here.  Maybe the waves will go over the top while I’m driving and then I’ll heave ho on the side of the road.”
	“You can let me drive.  I’m okay.”
	I said; “Fooled you.  I accomplished normally evasive small talk.  I’m not going to puke at all.........At least I don’t think so.  But I don’t mind having you drive at all.”
	“Let me stop in the bathroom first.  You should go too.”  When Acheron stood up, her left knee buckled and she fell right on the floor. I just looked at her, wondering if I should drive after all.
	She started laughing and said; “See what happens when I try to be ‘normal’?  Now get over here and help me up.”
	I said; “I’ll do better than that.  I’ll give you the best benign neglect you’ve ever had.”
	We eventually got to the bathrooms, collected our thoughts and washed our faces.  Charlie was now acting as the checkout person behind the cash register.  When he gave me the bill, I added something to it for the waitress and bartender and gave him my credit card.  We all said; “Good night, see you soon, my pleasure, etc., etc.”  Acheron and I exited the front door and successfully made it down the steps to street level.  I led her to my high end Toyota and took the driver’s seat.  When she didn’t object, merely letting herself in the front passenger side, I took full control of the vehicle inserting my specially headed key.  She said; “I live in Glen Gardner.”
	After we drove out of well-lit Victorian Flemington, we passed through the unlit and now dark townships between us and our destination.  The night air seemed to clear our heads somewhat and we rode with wide open windows, the equivalent of a gale caressing our puffy faces.
	When we got to Glen Gardner she directed me through the streets to her townhouse.  I parked right in front.  She got out, taking a chain of keys from her pocket, picked the appropriate one and inserted it in the lock.  I said nothing, just following behind her.  When she entered she reached for a light switch on the wall and I closed the door behind me.
	“Do you want something to eat?” she said.
	I paused a few seconds trying to think of the best possible answer, trying to remember and hence take into consideration, whether or not we were still behaving “normally,” how redundant did I want to risk being and did I want to miss a possible closing line.  I decided to go the “normal” route and said; “Yes, I could stand another hamburger.”  I took a seat on the blue couch and eyeballed the room a bit, enough to glean the general disarray.  I liked it.  It was her.  She said; “I don’t have any hamburgers.  How about a TV dinner?  I probably won't start a fire with that.”
	“Fine with me,” I said.  “When did you ever start a fire?”
	“Ah, a couple of times I really tried to cook something and stupid things happened.”  She got a TV dinner out of the freezer, put it in the microwave and then sat by me on the couch.  We sat there quietly a few minutes, having nothing new to say.  I finally and deftly ventured; “I’m a bit of a slob, too.  I can’t remember the last time I cleaned up my place.”
	“I should quibble with you about the word ‘slob,’ but I won’t.  I sometimes work at the ‘Last Chance Groceries’ store down the road and after standing for eight hours, smiling at and discussing the weather with the chatty patrons who require constant, boring meaningless babble, I don’t feel up to doing anything when I get back.”
	“Did you grow up around here?”
	“No, I grew up all over the miserable planet.  I made a two year stop around here when I was thirteen.  It was the only place I liked, so I came back here when I was old enough.”
	“Do you still like it?”
	“Yeah, I just wish I didn’t have to go to the ‘Last Chance’ so often.”
	“Do you like picnics?”
	“Sure, but I haven’t been on one in some time.”
	“How about you and I have one real soon?”
	“Okay, I’d like that.  But, who’s going to bring the microwave and power source?”
	“I’ll get the food from some store.”
	The microwave made three beeps and she got up to retrieve my dinner.  When she brought it over, I saw that she had selected a shrimp medley for me.  It was a good choice.  She handed it to me, including a fork in the package deal.  It was still hot, so I quickly put it on the floor.  She laughed, saying; “Well, I did pretty good.  No house fire, just a little scalding.”
	“I’ve been scalded much worse than this before.  I think I’ll survive this one with minimal complaint.”
	“You know, Ed, I’m feeling so relaxed with you, it’s great.  I can’t remember the last time that happened.  I hope I don’t fall asleep.”
	I laughed, saying; “I, too hope not.  The wine is now giving me a warm contented feeling.  Come to think of it, it’s probably not only the wine.  It’s you, too.”
	I slowly ate my shrimp, occasionally glancing her way.  She slumped in the seat and leaned against me, staring at something in the ceiling.  After I finished my meal, getting my breath very fishy in the process, I put an arm around her, leaned over and kissed her on the cheek, then on the mouth, etc., etc.  Benign neglect ensued.
	When I woke up to daylight the next morning I was in her bed, but she wasn’t.  Mercifully, no television or radio program was heard.  She came back in the room dressed in her work clothes, a simple blouse and blue jeans.  She said; “I have to go do my act at the grocery.”
	“Isn’t it Saturday or something?”
	“I’m not sure myself, but I know that I have to get there anyway.”  She turned around to leave, stopped, turned back and added; “Stay as long as you like and don’t forget about our picnic.”  She again started to leave when I said; “I need your phone number.”
	She said; “It’s on the phone.  Leave me yours by it.”  This time her attempt at leaving was successful and I heard the front door close.  I got up and walked to the front window and watched her walk down the street a few moments.  She walked with her head down, watching the sidewalk.  For some reason I didn’t feel comfortable being in her house alone, so I quickly readied myself to go home, dawdling only to get her number and leave mine.  I drove home.  

Chapter 7


	When I got in I immediately turned on my companion education module.  My good fortune continued when a morning celebrity talk show came on.  The hosts and guests attempted witty, cutting edge commentaries about things of no importance to anyone.  The sound was pleasant company and the conversation did not require any of my attention.
	I went into the kitchen to get some coffee and breakfast.  The coffee did its job and jolted me into the reality of the new day.  To resume my get rich quick scheme, the best thing I could do today, was to pay a visit to Frank Happle.  But, first I called Butch.
	He answered; “Hello.”
	I jokingly said; “Are you awake yet?”
	“What does it sound like?”
	“You know what I mean.  I guess you’re wide awake enough to be cranky.  Listen; is everything okay between the four of us?”
	“Alice and I are fine.  How about you and Acheron?”
	“Fine.  So, we’re all still friends?”
	“Sure.  Alice is used to Acheron acting out.  It’s one of her attractive features.”  He paused and then continued; “So, did you get laid?”
	I didn’t know the right response, so I said; “Do I ask you about getting laid with Alice?”
	“So, you didn’t, huh.”
	“Think what you like.  I just wanted to make sure that everything was all right.  I’m going to see Frank Happle today.”
	“Do your best, but don’t cut me out, partner.”
	“Not a chance.”  I hung up.
	I killed some time at the house, not wanting to greet Frank at some heathenly early hour and appearing overly anxious.  I dismissed thinking of Acheron for no good reason, except that I wanted to consider the right approach to Frank and his most likely to me.  If one analyzes the situation in a businesslike manner, Frank will be getting a return on investment that the stock market can’t do in a good year.  And I get to do all the work.  Most people think that playing cards is fun.  I’m really glad that they’re having such a good time, but I sincerely hope that they have their fun playing rummy or fish.  I find it work.  No matter, let’s get back to Frank.  He’s a sporting gentleman.  Another guy losing that much money would start crying foul or accuse me of cheating of some sort and probably have everyone there on his side.  He didn’t, of course, do that.  He stood there and took the punch like a man who’s given and received a few.  I could deal with him fairly and perhaps trust him when necessary.
	Enough time had elapsed and enough thought had been given.  I drove to his house.  When I got there I made more note of the plantings interspaced graciously in the front and side of the cut stone beauty.  I parked on the gravel driveway, walked up to the door and used the knocker.  Frank opened the door in about two seconds.
	“Ed, hi, glad you could make it.”  He extended his right hand.  I shook it, smiling at him.
	I said, “I hope I’m not too early.”
	“No, no, you’re fine.  I’m a morning person, so I’ve been up a while.  I don’t like anything more than watching a new sunrise.”
	Thinking of Acheron, I said; “I’m a little unsure about that, but I think it’s high on my list.” 
	“Good, good.  Come on in.”  He turned away, walking through the center hall to a room at the far right.  I closed the front door and followed him to what was overwhelmingly a pool room with the walls done in dark paneling, floor to ceiling.  The wood was of the vertically hung tongue in groove variety.  It looked a lot like a floor turned on its side.
	Frank took a cue from a wall cabinet and said; “Do you play?”
	“A little,” I answered.  “I never was much good at it,” but I didn’t have to add that.  He would see for himself soon enough.  I went to the same cabinet and took a cue for myself.  He started to rack the balls and said; “Eight ball?”
	“Good choice,” I said, thankful that he didn’t pick a higher skill game, like straight pool.  He put two cue balls at the edge facing the rack.  He took the right side and I the left, simultaneously, stroking our cue balls off the opposite bunker, hard and soft enough to bring them back to the bunker we shot from.  Whoever was closest got to break.  Oddly, mine fit the bill.  I put my cue ball at its appropriate spot and hit it as hard as I could.  This was always one of my game’s weak points and I performed the usual less than mediocre shot, getting nothing.
	He said; “You don’t want to bet on this, do you?”
	I laughed; “Not a chance.”
	He smiled and succeeded at sinking the three ball and then the five.  He must have realized that he didn’t have to concentrate to beat me, so he started talking.
	“I know of a game in Bedminster at 6 o'clock on Friday nights, with a minimum, I believe, of $60,000.  There are some very good players there and some Wall Street types who don't know what else to do with their bonuses.  I’d like to back you in that game.”
	He missed his next shot at the seven and I said; “What if I lose?”
	“Then it’s my loss.”
	“And if I win?”
	“We split it in half.”
	“Sounds like a good deal to me.  How many times have you done this before?”
	“Quite a few.  I’ve had winners and losers.”
	“Any weaponry.”
	“Probably, but I’ve never heard of it being used.”
	“Do you carry?”
	He laughed; “Of course, I’m a country boy.”
	I laughed, too and said; “I’m glad that I’ll be with a country boy.”
	I took a shot at the eleven, making it.  He said; “Then I’ll pick you up Friday at 5:15?”
	“Sounds good.  What rules do they play by?”  I took a shot at the ten and missed.
	“Same as us basically.”  He went after the one, making it.  He added; “Of course, the numbers are different.  $60,000 to play, $500 ante and a maximum of $5,000 per card.”  He again missed the seven.
	I said, “Why me?  You must know a number of other card players with more experience than me.”
	“Simple.  I’m betting that you’re walking around lucky.”
	I sank the twelve and missed the fifteen.  He proceeded to sink the two, four, six and seven in succession.  He had a difficult shot at the eight and eyed the table for about 15 seconds and then said; “I’m going to have to bank it,” and proceeded to.  He said; “Sometimes people don’t play their best.”
	He put his cue stick down on the table and I followed suit.  I also followed him back to the front door.  He opened it, stepping outside and said; “Friday at 5:15.”
	I said; “I’ll be here.” 
	He corrected me saying; “No, I’ll pick you up.”  He went back inside and I returned to my car and drove home.  The day was still very young and when I got there I wondered if I might be able to find something to do more interesting than looking for evidence of my past life.  I wanted to call Acheron, but first I thought I should check in with Butch, tell him what happened and see if he had any problems with the deal.
	“Hello,” he brightly answered.
	“Butch.  I got a deal with Frank and I just want to run it by you.”
	“Go ahead.”
	“He completely stakes me.  Any losses are his and we split any profits 50-50.”
	“Where do I come in?”
	“Same as usual, except Frank gets half my profit.  The law of averages says that because of the “I bluff, you call” routine, you’ll wind up winning more than me.”
	“I don’t think that’s fair to Frank.”
	“It’s business.  He’ll be there.  If he doesn’t like my bluffing, he can tell me about it and I’ll stop.”
	“Then we’ll lose our advantage.”
	“We’ll lose one of our advantages.  If he tells me to stop, you can quit and I’ll just play with Frank’s money.”
	“Sounds good.  If I think of anything later, I’ll call.  Hey, one thing I just thought of.  I don’t think I’ve got enough money to get in the game.”
	“Right,” I laughed, because I too had forgotten that detail.  Thinking out loud, I said, “Well, since I’ll be playing with Frank’s money, I can give you my $22,000 and then you’ll have $44,000.  They say you need $60,000, though.”
	“Well, what then?”
	“Borrow it from your parents.”
	“Fat chance.  They know me better than anybody.”
	“Well, I don’t have it, either.  Tell you what; go to the game with the $44,000 and tell everyone up front.  If they say no, you say ‘Fuck it,’ and don’t play.”
	“All right.  Hey, quit yakking at me all day. I have some things to straighten out with Alice.”
	“Have fun,” and I hung up, immediately calling Acheron.  She answered saying; “Is this anyone with good news or money?”
	“Right on both counts.  You obviously can leave work early and I’ll pay for a picnic,” I said thinking that she would recognize my voice by now.
	She giggled and said; “Hi.”
	“Would you have hung up on me if I didn’t have good news or money?”
	“If it’s you that satisfies the good news requirement.  If it was anyone else lacking the necessary ingredients, yes, I would hang up.”
	“I like that one.  I’m going to try that sometime.  All I need is for somebody to call me.”
	“Before we get any further, there’s something I’d like to tell you and I don’t want you getting upset.”
	“Well, now I am.  What?”
	“Don’t be upset.  It’s not a bad thing.  I just want you to know that I don’t want to make any babies...”
	I cut her off; “Good, neither do I.”
	“I’m not finished.  I’m not looking for a perpetual room- mate, either.”
	“I haven’t yet volunteered to be one.”
	“I’m glad.  Keep it that way.  What I want is a very special non-resident friend.”
	“You always put your best foot forward, don’t you?  I love it.  Let me give it a big kiss at today’s picnic.  It’s not even one o’clock yet.  I could pick up some food and wine and be at your house in half an hour.”
	“Oh, good, I’m happy you’re not upset.  I’ll be ready.”  She hung up.
	I put down the phone and stared at the trees through my front window for a minute.  I thought that I may have detected a delectable pattern to our conversations.  When they start I am expecting some kind of normality, then she starts talking about something I’d never have thought of, pushing us to some type of abnormality, to which I respond with something bizarre.  I like her a lot.  Anything was possible.
	I drove to town to pick up some heroes, pickles and wine.  I brought an old Easter basket with me and put the bonanza in it.  I parked in front of her condo and knocked at the door.
 
	Butch was having his own weird day with Alice.  He went to see her at the bowling alley.  The crux of the conversation revolved around a few key sentences.
	Alice would say something like; “You’ve got to stop drinking, gambling and acting irrationally.”
	Butch would say something like; “You like Acheron’s irrationality, but won’t tolerate it in me?”
	Alice would say; “Acheron’s female.  I don’t think you are.”
	Butch would say; “Men are supposed to always be rational?”
	Alice would say; “YES.”
	Butch would end the conversation by saying; “That’s no fun.”  Then he would take her hand, pull her gently toward him and hug her.

	Acheron answered the door by knocking on it herself from the inside.  I said; “I can’t open it from this side, or can I?”
	Her silly voice said; “You’ll only find out if you try.”
	I tried to push the door open, but couldn’t.  I put the basket on the concrete ground to use a little more effort, but to no avail.  I said; “Acheron, I’m totally incompetent, but I did get a basket of goodies.”
	She opened the door smiling exuberantly and said; “Come in and let me see the goodies.”  She seized the basket from my hand and carried it to the kitchen table for inspection.  “Good, good, good,” she said, paused, then added; “Let’s walk to the river.  If we get totally wrecked we won’t have to worry about driving home.”
	Trying to insert something spacey in the conversation, I asked; “Where’s home?”
	“Right here, today, silly.  What a stupid question.”  I noticed a very outgoing, confident mannerism, covered by her tight blue jeans and white peasant blouse.  She again took the basket and carried it to the door leading me out.  I finally was able to get along-side her and noted the seemingly identical townhouses strung along the 300 foot long, eight foot, concrete path, culminating in the sighting of the famous “Last Chance Groceries” store.  We silently walked past it and I hoped no one would run out and try to get Acheron to go back to work.
	As we passed through the willow woods and approached the river I said; “Do you believe in last chances?”
	“Of course not.  Well, not unless you plan on dying imminently.”
	We reached a clear spot fifty feet from the river.  She sat on the ground and I joined her.  I then realized that we didn’t bring any blankets, glasses, or wine bottle openers and said so, offering to walk back to the house to get the items.  She said; “Don’t bother.  There aren’t many ants here and I can probably get the cap off the bottle myself.  I’ve got some experience.”
	She successfully completed her task, took a swap directly from the bottle and then handed it to me.  I took a big gulp, handed it back to her and took out one of the heroes.  We proceeded to get sloppy drunk and full.  It didn’t look like either of us had a good meal recently.  We passed the sunny afternoon watching the river flow, the birds and an occasional squirrel in absolute silence, perhaps not wanting to add any impediment to Mother Nature’s serenity.  When we finished we sloppily walked back to her place, often bumping into each other in our state of inebriation.
	When I woke up the next morning, I was on her couch watching her blaring box.  I was glad to see that she had a different channel on.  It was apparently PBS and a pleasant white bearded fellow was trying to teach me how to paint.  I intently watched, but soon realized that he was too advanced for me and that to get anywhere I’d have to go back and see the first few episodes.  Nonetheless I concentrated on the show, not moving for about fifteen minutes.  When Acheron came out of her open bedroom door.  I said; “Do you paint?”
	She answered; “Yeah, sometimes.”
	“Did you ever sell anything?”
	“No.  I’ve given a few away though.”
	“Let me see what you still have.”
	“Some other time.  I’m on my way to work.  Some of us need to do bullshit to get by.”
	“Well, another option is to get a brain tumor.”
	“I think I’ll keep my job for a few more weeks.”  With that she went to the front door and added; “Are you going to be here when I get back?”
	The tone made it obvious that the right answer was “No,” so I said; “Yes.”  I had to quickly ask; “We had a good time yesterday, didn’t we?”
	She made a small laugh and said; “Sure did.  Let’s make it a habit.”  She left and I resumed watching the painter until the show ended.
	When I got up, it was obvious that I didn’t have any remaining deleterious effects from yesterday’s wine consumption.  I recalled the somewhat recurrent dream that I again had.  I was walking on Fifth Avenue in Manhattan, this time not desirous of going home, but rather looking at the stores and people milling about.  I could tell that many of them were visiting from elsewhere and were quite excited looking at the morsels in the windows, but didn’t want to show what they must have considered their lack of sophistication.  The adopted blasé countenance was betrayed by the delight obvious in their eyes.  I found it charming, realizing I was no different.  My good mood was enhanced when I saw the sign in front of a major bookstore which said; “Patti Smith book signing today, 12-3 PM.”  The store itself had a very odd shape, that of a cross.  There were entrances on Fifth and Sixth Avenues, as well as two more on 47th and 48th Streets.  Other stores filled in the large gaps between them.  Entering the Fifth Avenue door, I walked until I saw a crowd of about 100 people congregating near an empty desk and chair, in front of a handmade sign saying “Patti Smith.”   She, however, was standing twenty feet away in her boots, blue jeans and vest-like top, shaking her long black hair while playing her clarinet. 
	Someone wearing the store vest approached her and said; “Patti, why don’t you sit down and sign?  People are waiting.”
	She removed the clarinet from her lips, dropped it to her side and looked at the questioner for a few silent seconds.  She then said in a somewhat surprised tone; “Obviously, because I feel like playing my clarinet.”
	I shut the television and drove home.  

Chapter 8


	When I got there I made my customary breakfast and had coffee.  I was feeling surprisingly well and remembered that I had a few loose ends that I could possibly tie up today.  After eating I drove to Frank Happle’s house and knocked at the door.  He again answered rather quickly, saying; “Ed.  Don’t tell me you’re having second thoughts.”
	I said; “Oh no, not that.  I just wanted to see if it was okay with you, if Butch played in Friday night’s game.”
	He chuckled; “Where would Butch get that kind of money?”
	“I’m lending him some and he’ll be close.”
	“Fine with me, Ed.  But, let him go in his own car.”
	I said; “Thanks,” and returned to my car, this time going to Butch’s.  He was outside in front, trimming some bushes.  I parked in front of the garage and got out.  He said; “Just the person I wanted to see.  Let me get you a pair of clippers.”
	“I get three dollars an hour, sir.”
	He brought my tools and said; “Just clip.  My mom’s going to kill me if I don’t get this done soon.”
	It was a very pleasant, sunny, eighty degree day, with a small breeze.  We didn’t speak for some time, concentrating on the task at hand.  He finally said; “Alice told me you saw Acheron again.”
	“Yeah, she’s right about that.”
	“Have a good time?”
	“Yeah, I like her.”
	“Get laid yet?”
	I put the clippers down, looked at him and disgustedly said; “Why do you keep asking me stupid questions?”
	“I’m just trying to see if you’re stupid enough to answer them.  You can’t blame me for evaluating the intelligence of my business partner.”
	“Well now that I’ve answered question number five correctly, can we proceed to questions six, seven, eight and on and get the whole fucking thing over with?”
	“No problem.  But right now we have real work to do.”
	We resumed our clipping in silence, getting near the end in fifteen minutes, when I said; “Looks pretty good.”
	“Yeah, my mom will appreciate it.”
	“Hey, Butch.”  He looked at me.  “Tell me.  What kind of lay is Alice?”
	He opened his mouth and with smiling eyes said; “Almost as good as Acheron.”  I gave him a gentle whack on the side of the head and then he laughed and added; “And don’t you ever tell Alice or Acheron I said that.”
	“You’ve known Acheron for some time, I take it.”
	He again laughed, this time I’m sure it was at me and said softly, “I’ve only known Acheron personally, since I’ve gotten re-acquainted with Alice.  Everything else is what Alice tells me about her.”
	“I wasn’t worried about anything you might be thinking.  I was just curious, you know, making polite conversation.”
	“Right,” he said.  “Let’s finish with these bushes and go find a deck of cards.”  I complied and we finished expeditiously.  He took my clippers and hung them back up in the garage alongside his own.  I was following him back to the house when he said; “Seriously, Ed, I have to know one thing.”
	“All right.”
	“Did you?”
	Before I could think of any bright answer, he took a few fast steps away from me, turned and put his left hand on his head and said; “I don’t want you going upside my head again, all right, boy.”
	I jokingly chased him into the house and headed for the family room couch.  He went to the kitchen, saying; “Hungry?”
	“Yeah, very.”
	“How about a hero?”
	“Sounds excellent.  Got any wine?”
	“Should we?”
	“I don't know about you, but I’m okay with it.”
	He brought me the hero and the wine, saying; “I don't know about me, either.  So, I’m not going to join you.  I’ve got this goal I plan on attaining one day.  I’m not going to be convinced that I’m cured until I can go one whole month without a drink.  Since we’re going to be involved in some serious business, I figure this month is a real good time to start.”
	I was really impressed and happy to hear that and said; “You’re my hero,” and held up my sandwich.  I stood up next to him and extended my open right hand.  He did the same and we slapped five.  I said; “You’re quite a guy, Butch.  The more time goes by, the more I think that we’ll pull this off.  At least you’ll hold up your end of it anyway.”  I paused a few seconds and then said; “Oh, yeah, I almost forgot, the most important thing I came here to tell you is that it’s okay with Frank if you get in the Bedminster game.  However, he’s driving me and you’ll have to take your own car.”
	Butch sat down and said; “That fucker.”
	I couldn’t gauge how he really felt, so I didn’t say anything.  He got up, started looking around the room and found a deck of cards.  He said; “I don’t really care.  Let’s get in some more practice.”
	We played knock-rummy for about an hour, a game which combines the elements of logic and memory with gambling considerations, though it isn’t necessary to use real money.  Loretta and Sam returned from their shopping trip.  When they saw us, Loretta said; “Thanks, Butch, you did a good job.”
	Butch pointed my way and said; “I had some help.”
	Loretta said; “Oh, Ed, hi, thanks.”
	I said; “Glad to do it.  It’s a great day to be out in the sun.”
	Sam said; “Speaking of which, how about you bring those cards outside and we’ll get a three way going.”  Loretta took the packages into the kitchen and started to put things away.
	Butch answered in a questioning tone; “We’re playing knock, dad.”
	Sam confidently said; “Well, don’t worry about me.  Who taught you how to play, anyway?  It’s more fun with three, it gets more complicated.”
	We walked out the back door and moved three of the plastic chairs and a small table into the grass.  We played about half an hour, making very idle chit-chat and I wasn’t detecting any flaws in their games, just penchants to proceed in somewhat predictable patterns, like myself.  Then out of the blue real conversation got started.
	Sam said; “I heard you boys won a lot of money at Frank’s house.”
	Butch obviously tried to deflect the question, at least momentarily and said; “Where did you hear that?”
	Sam replied; “It’s a small town.”
	Butch mumbled; “We did pretty good.”
	Sam probed for more information; “I heard Ed was the big winner.”
	Both Butch and I realized that we may have revealed a secret.  When Butch said; “We did pretty good” the “we” part could imply that “we” were playing partners, nothing against the law, but best kept quiet.
	I tried to re-direct the possible drift of the conversation; “We both did pretty good.  I had the lucky day of my life.”  I went on to explain the details of the last hand to Sam.
	Sam scratched his head and made a general comment; “Yeah, I think the worst thing that can happen to someone is to get an exceptional hand just when someone nearby gets an even better one.”
	The deflection either worked, or it was not necessary to begin with.  I made a mental note that I would have to talk to Butch about the use of the word “we” when we again got some privacy.
	Butch must have also already detected his near faux pas and said:  “But, I too, did pretty good, Dad.”
	Sam seemed proud when he said; “Well, that’s expected, boy.  Look at what a good teacher you had.”
	We continued playing quietly for another half hour when Sam said; “Thanks for the game, boys.  I ought to check on what your Mom is up to.”  He gave Butch a curious look and left.
	After Sam was safely back inside, Butch said; “You don’t have to tell me, I know.  Watch the word ‘we’.”
	I just smiled and nodded.  We played a few more minutes, but with the game getting a little more boring without the third party, we got disinterested and stopped.
	I said; “Well, I think I’m going to head back home and rest up.  You don’t know where the game is, do you?”
	“No.”
	I gave him the address and time, then went back home.  I spent the rest of the week meditating, not in any officially recognized manner.  I called Acheron a few times, dealt out play hands and watched some television, but I kept the channel on PBS this time.  I took a few short walks, too, but my mind was 100% on Friday night.  It took a lot of time, because since I didn’t know the types of players to be in attendance, I tried to remember every card player I ever met.  The types run the gamut, like people, but I was told that some of the players were Wall Street types, playing with their bonuses and also, probably enjoying the raw gambling done in cards, as opposed to the somewhat hidden and not admitted gambling, done on their jobs.  They’d be easy to pick out, but also could be dangerous, because some of them are extremely smart.  They can smell fear and know all the numbers.  I don’t think I’ll be fearful for a number of reasons, but, most significantly, if I lose, it’s Frank’s money.  Butch could lose, too, but if he does I wouldn’t have done any better.  Some days you just don’t get any kind of cards at all.  I had a quirky thought; even if Butch does lose, that was Frank’s money not long ago.  We haven’t even gotten used to having it around, yet.
	Hopefully, some of the Wall Street babies will be overly deferential to real gamblers, so I’ll play that role with minimum conversation.  Another type of player probably to be present is another professional with a backer.  I had to bask in the glory of joining the set for a few moments.  Usually these guys are unpredictable.  They’re all very good and will say, if asked, that they are too smart to gamble with their own money.  Most don’t really believe that, however and say things like that to end the conversation on a chuckle.  If they let it continue people start to ask about professional secrets.  And, they do gamble with their own money at times, but only when they think the odds are greatly in their favor.  I would have to watch one of these guys for a long time to have any hope of seeing patterns of repeated behavior.  Most of all they don’t want to do anything that looks stupid and possibly screw up their professional status.  Consequently they’re fairly conservative, play their cards, don’t bluff and look for others to make mistakes.  I recalled that when I was a 13 year old kid, one of these guys, who was about 23 at the time, let me stand behind him an hour one day as he played.  Everyone wanted to watch this guy, because he was a consistent winner and when he lost, he lost small.  He was good enough to pay for his college education on winnings.  Anyway, I couldn’t tell what the hell he was doing.  He didn’t seem to have a definitive characteristic, other than to drop out of games very early, no matter how small the bet, if he didn’t like the cards already given.  This kind of player doesn’t bet on potential.  It could be interesting because I do and one might soon note that.
	The ones that make me laugh are the ones with a calculator and all the odds somewhere at their disposal.  You can pick them out easily, as they often bet things like $147.50, instead of $125 or $150, because it was the precise correct calculation.  They work on very small margins and I think, inevitably, perform some calculation incorrectly and break even or lose a little bit.  They of course notice this pattern themselves, but continue to play because they believe that there will be no errors the next time.  They oddly, despite their reliance on numbers, must have more faith than most.
	When I watched PBS I really wasn’t concentrating on it, as if it were a bird singing indecipherable lyrics.  I wondered what Butch was thinking about.  I didn’t know that his area of concern centered around how he could get a loaded undetectable gun in.  Butch also cased the Bedminster address to determine how easily he could get the gun and himself back out, quickly if necessary.  

Chapter 9


	It was an extremely hot summer day on Friday.  Either that or I was just starting to sweat.  I drove to Butch’s to go over the plan one last time, seeing that we were still on the same page.  He seemed very calm about the whole thing, which I envied.  He sensed this and made some comment about being glad that I wasn’t playing with our own money, so I said; “Still want to be partners?”
	He said; “Hell, yes,” and I drove back home.  I annoyed myself by noticing that I still had wet cold hands.  I found some solace in remembering that Bill Russell used to throw up before most games.  I heard that his team mates used to joke about how good a game Bill was going to play by the amount of vomit emitted.  They seemed to sense a directly proportionate relationship between the heave ho heard splashing the toilet and the splashing of brilliance displayed on court.
	I heard Frank pull into my driveway at 5:15.  His top of the line black pickup would announce we were well off country boys.  I met him at the door and he simply said; “Ready.”
	“I’m as ready as I’ll ever be,” I responded as I climbed up the passenger side.  When I sat I said; “Packin’?”
	“You betcha,”  he replied and patted the bulge in his right pocket.  He put the radio on and I heard classical music.  We drove silently the entirety of the forty minute trip.  He parked in a well occupied paved lot and I got my first look at the condos.  They were rather well done, with a majority of synthetics used on the exterior.  The siding imitated clapboard and ranged in color from light green to off white plastic and the metal red doors displayed gold leafed hardware.  Each unit was two floors attached in groups of five. 
	I noted that a 1972 bright purple Mustang was already there, standing out from the rest.  I walked a trifle behind Frank, needing some guidance to the right door.  When we got there he rapped on the knocker three times.  We waited a few seconds and for some reason I noticed that now I was very relaxed.  My mind wandered to when this condo develop­ment was built three years prior.  It was to be the first attached housing built in semi-rural Bedminster Township, home, at times to Jackie Kennedy and some claiming a Western European royalty lineage.  The old-timers complaints were overruled by the New Jersey State Supreme Court, on the grounds that a man or a corporation cannot be denied his or its right to full use of his or its property.  Secondly, there were no environmental reasons to require 5 acre single lot zoning. And, thirdly, goddammit, this was the fucking American way.
	Not to worry.  Everything worked out fine.  While the old timers bemoaned the loss of their rural heritage, that was not exactly pristine anyway, young high income people bought the condos, presumably desiring the ambience of the area, but not wanting to maintain a farm.  Pleasant life in Bedminster was again grudgingly resumed.
	We noted a peeping hole open in front of us and a curious blinking eye’s presence was soon seen.  A cheerful, curious small chubby man, very pre-maturely bald, opened the door.  Frank and Richard gave each other a brief hug, Richard being a little overzealous and sloppy because one could smell that he had already put away a few.  I was introduced as something like the new shark that Frank was backing in tonight’s game.  I was flattered, but also felt a bit silly as this was the first attempt at swimming that this shark was going to try to handle.  I didn’t say anything as I thought it wiser not to advertise my rookie status.  Hell, I was old enough for anyone to assume that I’d been doing this for years.
	The three of us passed through the 8 x 8 modernistic hallway and entered a large room right behind it containing a sizable living area which currently housed a large flimsy looking, plain, lightly stained oak table and chairs.  The room was open to a kitchen and dining area.  People were milling about, most with drinks in hand, animatedly discussing the exciting events of the past work week.  I gathered from bits and pieces I could hear that a number of them worked as traders, while also making note that my first impression of Richard was that he seemed more like a manager or salesman.  Then I saw Butch standing alone in a corner with no drink in hand, looking like he was anxiously waiting for the bullshit to end and start the game.
	I gave him a wink and a small smile, not seen by the others, which he returned, somewhat sarcastically.  After the rather cursory introductions, Richard noted that we had at least six players and that it was 6:05 and we were running late. Butch overheard this and walked directly to the table and picked a seat.  Everyone else amiably and slowly made their way to the same table, fussing about a bit to find coasters, pens and paper.  One player stood out from the others, an average sized black guy who was telling some story he found very interesting to a captive audience.  He introduced himself to Butch and me as Alonzo and then asked Butch if he was anxious to lose his money.
	Feigning a bored look, Butch said; “I can’t possibly answer that until somebody starts dealing some fucking cards.”
	Alonzo said; “Okay, dick.”
	Butch didn’t correct the wrong name chosen for him.  Players got settled, leaving two standing.  Richard said; “We can’t play seven stud with eight, so why don’t you two hang out a while until some suckers lose their money or quit.”  Dick and Ari nodded quietly and walked back to the kitchen area and seemed content to continue their weekly “adventures in the pit” stories.
	Alonzo said; “Rules, dick.”
	Richard assumed he was talking to him and said; “60,000 to play, $500 ante and a maximum of $5,000 per card.”
	Alonzo said; “Can you bump a $5,000 bet another $5,000?”
	Richard said; “Yes.  I guess I should add that there are no royalties and any dispute will be decided by the two books on the kitchen table.  If a man calls his hand too low he stands with that call.”
	Butch flatly said; “I don’t have $60,000.  I only have $44,000.”
	Steve, another player, short and squat, with a currently bemused face said; “Didn’t anyone tell you?”
	Butch said; “Yes, someone did, but I guess he didn’t know what he was talking about.  Look at it this way.  If I started with $60,000 and lost $16,000 on the first hand, you’d let me continue playing, right?”
	When no one voiced any objection, but added; “Good enough, that’s where I am now.”
	Richard said; “I’ll deal first, unless there are any objections.”  When he met silence the game commenced.
	In the initial few hands nothing of note really happened.  No one got an outstanding hand.  No one bet heavily.  No one attempted a bluff.  Things were ordinary enough for me to focus my attention almost entirely on the other players’ mannerisms and conversation.  The most unusual thing was Alonzo’s trait, perhaps to keep the game moving, of saying; “On you, dick,” and looking at the man high on board if he didn’t offer his bet quickly enough.  This caused a bit of confusion at first, as Richard kept thinking that he was the Dick being referred to and Butch had similar passing thoughts. 
	In the first exchange, Steve was high on board and slow, prompting Alonzo to look at him and say; “It’s on you dick,” to which Richard responded; “You’re wrong this time, dick.”  Butch added; “And if you mean me you don't know your ass from your elbow.”
	Alonzo said; “No, not you two dicks.”  He extended his right hand halfway across the table pointing at Steve, saying; “This dick over here.”  Steve calmly sat there a few seconds and then said; “I guess everybody’s dick to you.  Tell me, do you think all white people look alike?”
	It was an edgy enough statement to get no comment, only watchful eyes from the other players, until Alonzo started laughing, saying; “Yeah, you do.  Dicks do, anyway.”  He showed the space between his thumb and forefinger and added; “Little fuckers.”  Everyone then laughed and it seemed to make the group feel more comfortable, when it became obvious through continuing “funny” comments, that Alonzo's kick was to be an entertainer first and a card player second.
	As the night progressed Butch and I were getting ahead slowly, but significantly, as when Alonzo was “funny,” the sloshed Wall Street types; Richard, Steve and Marc, started articulating their own “funny observations, to the raucous delight of Alonzo.  Butch and I used our “bluff and call” techniques a few times, seemingly undetected.  The result, however, was that Butch’s winnings were much greater than mine.  When I put my left index finger to my eye the fifth time, bluffing and again getting called by Butch, Frank tapped me on the shoulder and said to everyone; “Can we take a little break after this hand?  I’d like to have a talk with my man, here.”
	The others dispersed to the kitchen and bathrooms, while I just stood up and turned to face Frank.
	He said; “He calls you every time you bluff.  I don’t think it’s worth trying again.”
	I said; “I think you’re right.  I’ve probably done it too many times already.  But, we’re still ahead pretty well.”
	Frank clapped his two hands right on my shoulders and looked me straight in the eye saying; “Yeah, we are.  But, we’re getting pretty good cards and some of the others are making bad mistakes.  We can make enough money just calmly taking advantage of that.  You don’t need to bet what you don’t have.”
	“I agree.  You’re right.  I probably did it two times too many already.  Sorry.  That Butch can be a real Missourian.”  That either satisfied him or made him assured that there would be no more “mistakes” on my part.
	He said; “All right.  You’re my man.  Go make me a small fortune.”  When the game resumed, Richard and Marc lost all their money and were replaced by the now very drunken Ari and Dick.  The fact that one of the dicks in the game was replaced by a real Dick, struck Alonzo as so funny, that I don’t think he ever again got back to business.  He was cracking all sorts of jokes, laughed at heartily by the Wall Street boys and occasionally by Butch and me as he methodically lost all his money.  He got up from his chair silently, reached into his pocket and pulled out a .45.  Oddly, he didn’t point it at anyone, but rather held it on its side in the palm of his hand.  I could see Butch and Frank put their hands to their pockets, but not withdrawing their guns, eyes glued to Alonzo, who put his gun back in his pocket saying; “I need this sometimes when I’m playing with the brothers, but not here.”  He thought the action amusing.  He seemed happy when he joined the other losers already in the kitchen, proceeded to entertain his new buddies, laughing uproariously whenever they said something of dubious merit.
	It didn’t take much more than another hour for the real Dick to lose all his money, leaving the game with only four players, two of them partners.  Butch looked up at the simple circular electric wall clock and said; “Why don’t we call it quits?  It’s almost 8:30 anyway.”
	The other players nodded agreement.  We stuffed the money into small leather carrying cases provided by the house and went into the kitchen joining the others.  As we sipped our ice teas, Butch and I listened to Alonzo do the rest of his comedy routine to constant laughs, chuckling and attempted funny responses.  I thought he really got good after he got going and wished I could get him on my television, even if I had to change the channel from PBS.
	After some drunken laughing pleasantries, Frank, Butch and I made our departures rather unnoticed, while Alonzo successfully retained center stage.
	Shortly after Frank started driving me back, he said; “Count up how much we have.”  After a few minutes I said; “$150,000.”
	He said; “$105,000 is mine.”
	I did some quick math and saw he was right; his original $60,000 investment and half of the $90,000 in winnings, leaving $45,000 for me.
	I said; “Want to do it again?”
	He said; “Maybe.  I’ve got some other business that requires attention right now, though.”
	I interpreted what he said as possibly being indicative of a suspicion about the bluffing and calling, Butch and I had done.  He should have been anxious to go again after getting a 75% return on investment in three hours.  For a few minutes I was sad that he correctly felt as he did, because I liked him and thought he was a good guy.
	He drove me silently to my house, stopped in my driveway and said; “I’ll be in touch.”  As I exited the car I said; “I hope soon.”  I shut the door and he silently drove away.  I went inside and again counted my $45,000, which now seemed paltry with all the big money kicking around.  I waited about five minutes, before driving to Butch’s house, hoping he had gone directly home, because I wanted to see more money.
	His Mustang was in the driveway and he was in the garage alone counting his parcel, under the fluorescent lighting.  He ignored me at first, as he was near the end of his count and wanted to finish undisturbed.  He turned to me and said; “$125,000.”
	I said; “$45,000.”
	He looked disappointed.  I went over the math with him and he acquiesced to the numbers, giving me $65,000.  He said; “I know it’s right, but it just feels like giving Frank half really knocks the hell out of us.”
	“I’ve got a feeling it’s not going to happen again.  I think he was uncomfortable with our bluffing/calling routine.”
	“He didn’t say anything, did he?”
	“He told me to stop bluffing.  I’m just inferring the rest.”
	“He ought to be goddamn happy with his $45,000 return on a $60,000 investment, for doing nothing.”
	I said; “He got what we agreed to and that’s all there is to it.  Don’t whine.  We’ve got $110,000 apiece.  A month ago we didn’t have anything.”
	Butch mumbled; “Yeah, right.”
	“I don’t think it’s a good idea to play in either of the games we’ve been in again.  We’re going to have to find a bigger one, partner.”  

Chapter 10


	When I got back home I flipped on the PBS station, went into the kitchen and fixed myself something to eat.  I brought it back to the couch and fell asleep watching two hoboes sitting on a garbage heap, discussing perennial world problems. 
	I woke up the next morning to the enjoyable “How to paint” show, but found no practical use for it.  After breakfast I called Acheron.
	“Harry’s Fish Emporium,” she said.
	“Umm hmm.  Hi, it’s Ed.  I have great news.  Butch and I won again last night and we’re rich!”
	She deadpanned; “I’m really impressed.”
	I probably deserved that answer, but instead I said; “You do have quite a knack for saying the appropriate thing, don’t you?”
	She started laughing, saying; “You know that already.  So what did you expect?  Where’s the surprise?”
	“I don't know.  You got me there.”  I paused a bit, adding; “I guess I hoped you’d congratulate me and tell me I’m wonderful or something like that.”
	“What’s my share?”
	“I don’t want to get into any conversations with you about money.  I’m afraid that I might be violating some stupid law, so tell me about your fish.”
	“My fish is over ripe but that law is one most everyone breaks.”
	“That’s precisely why I called it a stupid law.”
	“How much did you win?”
	“$88,000, apiece.”
	“Holy shit.”
	“Yeah.  So, how about another picnic today?”
	“You ask that, despite your financial prowess, I presume.”
	“You again described my mindset flawlessly.”
	“Sure, how about lunchtime, today?”
	“I’ll be there with my basket.  Bring your fish.”
	She hung up.
	I called Butch with my revised foolproof plan.
	He said; “Hello.”
	“Morning, my wealthy partner.  How are you feeling today?”
	“I feel like getting drunk.”
	“Why, what’s wrong?”
	“I spoke to Alice, said too much and now she wants me to quit.”
	Silence hung there a bit, broken by my saying; “Why?  Does she have an aversion to money?  Well, are you gonna?”
	“I don't know.”
	“I need a partner and don’t let it get to your big head, but I can’t think of a better one than you.”
	Butch laughed; “You know, that’s almost exactly what Alice in Wonderland said, too.  She’s starting to think in terms like nest eggs and settling down.”
	“Oh, shit.”  I sighed, thinking of this as just the start, then dejectedly added; “Well, what did you expect?  I’ve told you that girls aren’t generally looking for poor, unemployed guys who live with their parents.”
	“I’m still unemployed and live with my parents.”
	“Aha, but Alice knows that now changes can be made.”
	“Oh, man, I wish she was more like Acheron.”
	“What do you know about Acheron?”
	“Nothing specific, really, but she seems like someone who values her own space and isn’t anxious to share it permanently.”
	“Maybe she never met anyone as loveable as you.”
	“Maybe.  Listen, I just want to relax and think about things for the rest of the day.”
	“Okay, I’ll let you go after you hear what I actually called about.  I’m thinking that you and I ought to take a trip to Atlantic City and see what kind of action we can find there.”
	“Sounds good to me, but it won’t to Alice.”
	“Who says you have to tell her?  She should be happy that in such a short time you’ve stopped drinking and gotten some money.”
	“She says I’m just substituting a new addiction – gambling, for the old one -- drinking.”
	“She’s a psychologist, too?  It must be great to have a multi-talented woman.”
	“You have no idea how true that statement is.  I think I’m going to go and not tell her.  If I had more, there might be some settling down I wouldn’t mind.  Let me think about it and get back to you.”
	“Good enough, but do me a favor and don’t drink today.”
	He said; “Okay, Alice,” and hung up.
	I watched PBS until it was time to fill the food basket and see Acheron.  In content the mid-morning shows rivaled the fat faced right winger, with whom I was more familiar.  However, I was delighted that the participants on PBS did not interrupt each other.  I anxiously awaited seeing how they would treat their callers-in, but there weren’t any.  While waiting I wondered if it all boiled down to a comedy of manners.  I decided to ponder that someday when I become bedridden.
	While driving to her house I tried to guess what bit of nonsense Acheron would have waiting.  When I knocked, she quickly answered, standing there fully naked.  She said; “Do you know how many times you can have all this for $88,000?”
	While I was trying to do some quick math in my head, as well as the circumstances allowed, she tired of waiting, turned her back to me and bent over saying; “None, stupid.”  With that she scampered into the bathroom and dressed for lunch.
	The rest of the week was rather uneventful and I considered the possibility that I might too, be acquiring a new addiction; PBS.  I felt sorry for the well prepared, well mannered, intelligent commentators and guests, as the dearth of phone calls suggested to me and no doubt them, that almost no one was listening and it was my obligation to pay heed to my learned new friends.  I thought about calling in, but was afraid that I’d say some­thing to embarrass myself.  I finally decided that if indeed no one or few were listening, no one or few would hear me embarrass myself.  I waited for a show that would discuss something in which I had at least some semblance of familiarity.  When one discussed existentialism I took my shot.
	A male voice said; “Your question, sir.”
	“Thank you.  Are we really the sum of our actions?”
	“Undoubtedly.”
	“Then our thoughts, intentions, dreams and loves are of no consequence?”
	“None at all.”
	“How do you weigh actions?  For instance, does one two hour good deed equal one two hour bad one?”
	“Can you define good and bad for us, in this context?”
	“No.  Perhaps I can rephrase that question.  If someone you chose to answer, asked you what you were, or to define yourself, would it be necessary to tell them your entire autobiography?”
	The panelists were quiet a while, looking occasionally at each other, until one said; “Matt, would you like to handle that one?”
	Not thrilled to be the chosen one, Matt cleared his throat and said; “Oh, yes, yes, thank you.  Could I trouble the caller to restate his question?  I may have missed part of it.”
	I said; “Let me rephrase it slightly.  If you chose to define yourself, would telling your life story, devoid of any thoughts or feelings, insofar as your remember it correctly, be necessary.”
	“Why would I want to define myself?”
	“I don't know.  Perhaps I would be interested in acquiring that information and you wanted me to be happy.”
	Matt chuckled; saying; “Unfortunately, there would not be enough time to do that on this program.  But, I could refer you to the book I wrote five years ago.  I think you’ll still find it available.  Its title is ‘Sophistry or Nothingness’.”  The group had as much of an amused outburst as I had ever seen and while I was scampering for pencil and paper the phone line went dead.
	It was Friday and I decided to continue my dialogue with Butch.
	“Hello,” he pertly replied.
	“Butch, its Ed.  Have you decided what to do with your future, if in fact that exists?”
	“It exists and I want to play cards.”
	“Great.  Is Alice okay with that?”
	“Probably not, but after she sensed that I was determined to do it, the objections became much less overt.”
	“We have to schedule a trip to Atlantic City.  My thought is that we go to some casino and get in a game there.  I really don’t want to play against the house, especially with all of their surveillance cameras around.  We go there, bet minimally and try to meet some people who are part of a big private game.”
	“I’ll have my gun with me.”
	“I’ll have one too, one of yours.”
	“We’ll see.”
	“Fine.  I’m driving to your house right now and we’ll work out the details.”  I hung up and went to my car, but decided instead to walk the back woods to my destination, as I wanted to reflect on something, though I didn’t know what, specifically.
	On the deer trails, I found myself concentrating on the topography more than anything else, primarily to prevent falling.  It was a pleasant early fall day.  The tall grass was just beginning to show evidence of tan and most of the trees were still in their full fall glory, but some leaves were already lying on the ground yellowing.  If this was a portent of things to soon come I hoped that the yellow leaves could be more accurately described as golden rather than being mistaken for bile.  I got to the back of his house in thirty minutes, remembering to make use of the day’s brilliant sun, fully exposed in the cloudless sky, for direction.  I knocked at the back door and was surprised to be greeted by his father, Sam.
	“Hi, Ed.  Good to see you.”
	I bowed slightly and said; “My continued pleasure.”
	“Butch is on the phone with Alice right now and it doesn’t sound like it’s going to be a short call, so let’s chat a bit.”
	I took his “chat” to mean a pointed one and though I’d rather be doing any of a number of other things; like being with Acheron or cleaning up dog shit, I properly said; “I’ll be glad to.  Butch is doing pretty well, isn’t he?”
	“I don’t think he’s been drinking at all, if that’s what you mean.  I understand you guys have been doing superbly at some card games.”
	I thought; “Here we go again,” but I said; “Superbly is a word I’m not comfortable with.  I would say impeccably in its place,” trying to be jovial, evasive and funny.  I laughed. 
	He politely smiled, offering; “The last game you two were in was big enough to attract guns, correct?”
	I honestly answered; “The only guns I knew of were Frank’s Butch’s and some black guy named Alonzo.”
	By the look on his face and the temporary silence, I gathered he really didn’t want to hear my last sentence.  Eventually, he merely repeated; “Alonzo had a gun?”
	Yeah, but he was just showing it to everybody as part of his comedy routine.”
	“I don’t think I’d of been laughing.”
	“Well, a lot of people were.”
	He expected more of an explanation or at least seemed to think that I should be displaying more concern than my answers were indicating.
	He very firmly said; “Do you know what you’re doing or getting into?”
	“Frankly, no.  All I’m sure of is that it’s potentially very lucrative.”
	“So is robbing banks, but I’d strongly advise against it.”
	I was feeling just about out of politeness and considered the interrogation at a close.  This man wasn’t my father and I’m not sure it would have mattered if he were, so I said; “That’s not in the game plan for another year.”
	He stared at me for a few seconds and said; “God bless both of you.  You’re going to need all the help you can get.”
	I continued in my same irritated voice and said; “If you don’t think that I’ve considered the possibility of winding up shot dead, you’re wrong.  And, I don’t want any blessing from God.  As far as I’m concerned, God did a half assed job giving me the brain tumor and all its attendant problems, so if I manage to die, I’ll only be putting the other half of the ass on his inadequacy.”
	Sam’s posture changed to that of disbelief, saying; “You don’t really mean that, do you?”
	“No.”
	“Then why say it?”
	“Because I’m tired of being interrogated.  If you want to speak to your son like this, I can understand, but I’m a grown man legally allowed to make his own decisions, or so they say.”
	Sam’s position again shifted, when he sadly said; “You’re right.  I have been talking to Butch about this and getting nowhere.  I hoped to get some clue as to what you two are all about from you.”
	I wished Acheron was here to say or do something silly and end the conversation, but was unsuccessful at conjuring her up.  I said; “What we two are all about?  It’s so simple, I’m surprised you ask.  We’re two good old American boys, who are trying to bring back the prizes for their girls and are confronted with obstacles incidental and irrelevant to the task at hand.”
	“I’m irrelevant?”
	“Don’t take it personally, but you are irrelevant to my task.”
	“I suppose I should just quietly let you two good old American boys kill yourselves?”
	“Why not?  The government does it regularly and so does your God.  He also says we have free will.”
	He acted hurt or befuddled and said; “Who are you mad at?”
	“The grand inquisitor.”
	Sam surprised me by saying, “I can be a real pain in the ass, can’t I?”
	“Yes, but to your credit, when you do it, it’s not a half assed job.”  We both smiled, knowingly and sadly.
	He led me inside where I saw Butch with the phone to his ear, slumped on a kitchen table chair, staring at the ceiling.  After listening to something for fifteen seconds, Butch said; “This is the fourth time we’re going around the same block and I’m getting bored.  I love you, Alice, I really do, but, you’re going to have to trust me on this one.”  He hung up and looked toward his father and me and said; “Anybody else have any suggestions, or should I say commands, for me?”
	I facetiously said; “It’s only because we love you, we really do.”
	Sam made his best smile of the day and watched his feet, as he silently left the room.  When he was gone I said; “And this is the command I have for you today; teach me the goddamn fundamentals of using a hand gun.”
	“The fundamentals are easy.  You stick bullets or a magazine into it and pull the trigger.  Then you determine the appropriate target and kill it.  It’s the non-fundamentals that I worry about with you.”
	“Like?”
	“Like, a million things people generally learn through experience.  Like don’t pull it out unless you intend to use it.  Like carry it securely tucked away, so that it doesn’t fall on the floor in an embarrassing moment.  Like keep it in an empty pocket so that nothing there accidentally pulls the trigger.  Like, if your decide you may have to use it, pull it out and announce loud and clear what you’re doing.  Don’t depend on them seeing that you have it.  Like, like, like, like........”
	“Okay, okay.  I got the point.  I’m not going to do anything particularly stupid.  I’m not an idiot.”
	His silence annoyed me, so I added; “Well, am I?”
	He thought for a few moments, looking away from me, as I stared at him.  He finally said; “I think we’ve been extremely lucky lately.”
	“So.”
	“So, I don’t want the lucky streak to end with a bullet up an ass, your own or somebody else’s.”
	“I’m glad you love me.  But, it’s obvious that Alice is rubbing off on you.”
	“Fine, Sundance, but if I accidentally get a bullet anywhere near me, so help me I’ll.......”
	“What if it’s not accidentally?”
	He said; “End of conversation.  Follow me to the garage and I’ll get you fixed up.”
	He briskly led me there and showed me how to load and fire a snub-nosed .45.  He handed it to me and said; “Now, where are you going to put it?”
	“Up my ass,” said I, while I started to put it in my right front pants pocket.  He grabbed my hand before I could get it there, saying; “What else is in that pocket?”
	“My fucking keys.”  Just as the last word came out I recalled what he had previously told me.
	He let go of my hand saying; “Keys are one of the best things to accidentally set off a gun.”
	I felt severely stupid and couldn’t think of anything to say.  I stood there with the gun in my hand at least ten seconds, before thinking of; “You do need a backup, don’t you?”
	“I need a competent backup.”
	“All right, Butch, let’s cut this.  I’m going to be carrying this gun no matter what you say.  You’re going to be carrying a gun and playing cards no matter what your father and Alice say.  Some things are just going to be, regardless of anyone’s supposed logic.”
	That seemed to register with him and he led me out the garage back door to the yard, then said; “Target practice.”  He managed to find six old beer cans and set them up on a low tree branch.  After he moved away, I put the gun into firing position and he yelled; “Whoa, partner.”
	“What now?” I said.
	“You’re 50 feet away.  Get closer.”
	“I’m not a baby.”
	“With a gun, you are.  Handguns are only good for about 20 feet, unless you have marksman credentials.”  He moved me to a spot at the appropriate distance, which seemed ridiculously close and said; “Take your six shots.”
	I gave him a look, extended my arm and fired six times.  While I initially expected to make six hits, I was contented to make three.  He said; “Good enough.”
	I proudly followed him back into the garage.  He reached for the gun and said; “Let me reload it for you.”  While he instructed me on what he was doing, what I didn’t know was that he loaded it with blanks.  He handed it back to me saying; “Here, partner.  Don’t use it again until you have to.”  I placed it securely in my now keyless pocket.
	I said; “When do you want to take that trip to Atlantic City?”
	“Day after tomorrow, all right?”
	“Sure.”
	“I want to spend at least one more day with Alice.  You know I love her and in a way it makes me feel good when she worries about me.”
	I slapped him on the shoulder and said; “I’ll be here 9AM day after tomorrow.  We’ll hit the road one more time.”  I decided to walk down the paved road rather than the back woods.  For some reason I felt safer there.  I thought about how good it must be, to feel the way Butch had just described.  

Chapter 11


	I got home around noon.  I started to make my usual beeline to the plastic enclosed picture show, but instead I detoured to the adjoining room.  Perhaps, I had satisfied myself that some things palatable were in there somewhere and all I had to do was push the correct buttons, not only to satisfy my sense of taste, but also to be amused and to be interactively outwitted in a delectable manner.  Maybe someday, someone will invent a way to always be interactive with the stories in the box.  It might be the answer to someone’s feeling of being alone and would not require the participation of another human being.  When you got tired of them you could just cut them off with the push of an appropriate button.  I sat on a simple Queen Anne chair and took a long look around the room.  I almost never spent any time in it and was somewhat surprised to see that everything there was a good, hundred year old, imitation of something that was made between 1680 and 1830.  They had passed the test of time and stood there motionless, usually devoid of visitors, for their reward.  My favorite piece was a circa 1770 Queen Anne highboy.  Its sheer size ruled the room.  But, more importantly to me, its late Queen Anne birth gave it both the gently curving simplicity of the era and also some of the elaboration of the Chippendale period, soon to come in its full glory.  Its fret-worked Chinese Chippendale hardware may have been a bit over the top and incorrect, but it seemed a good balance, historically accurate or not.
	All of the items got general note and respect, but the next thing I focused on was one of the paintings on the wall.  Actually, it was a copy of a painting of a young woman, dressed in fifteenth century garb playing a now defunct stringed musical instrument.  The wistful far-away look in her eyes suggested some type of sadness, perhaps minor.  Surrounding her were a few indecipherable room objects in darkness.  She however was well lit.  I concluded that the painter wanted the patron to focus on her.  It was either that or he was a bad painter knowledgeable in covering up his deficiencies.  I walked to one of the windows and stared at the large trees.  I decided to discard the possibility of a bad painter as that led nowhere.  So, I put my face about a foot from the copied painting and tried to determine what it was about this woman he wanted me to see.  Her clothes were very typical of the time and weren’t colorful.  Her long reddish brown hair was braided and tied up from the middle to back of her head, obviously not designed to be traditionally attractive.  The skin of her exposed hands and face was milky white that may have never been kissed by the sun, at least not recently.  Since the only other clearly visible items in the picture were the unpretentious instrument and an unknown open book, I guessed that the artist wanted me to take away something from the way he depicted her face.  The more I looked the more confused I got.  What initially seemed a wistful, somewhat sad countenance became contentment.  To complicate things whenever I made a decision of one thing it immediately turned to the other.  After I experienced mild dizziness from the gyroscope, I decided to picture the immediately following frame.
	It was a cartoon.  The woman’s mother burst into the room, immediately putting on all the lights revealing a twentieth century non-descript, discount store, contemporary place with white painted walls.  The balloon above her head read; “Jenny, the next time you do this it’s back to the psychiatrist.  You have to at least pretend that you know it’s 1985, whether we like it or not.”
	Having concluded my fun for the day, I went into the kitchen seeing that it was already 2:00.  It was high time to concen­trate on my practical situation.  Butch was pushing things to go after one more big score, whereas my calculations indicated that I needed at least two and maybe three and I didn’t want to try alone.  I wasn’t yet an old enough cowboy to leave my partner, for his good and go riding off to nowhere.  Though the specifics were better described by colors than words, he seemed to add something I lacked and vice-versa.  One more score for him just may be enough for Alice and him to get something good going and I wouldn’t want to ruin that.  My logical but imprecise calculations could be wrong and we may have just been lucky up until now.  Perish the thought.
	If I let that stay in my head, there is no question that we will lose our next duel.  The best hitters get hits 3 of 10 plate appearances.  Yet, if they go up to bat thinking that the odds are that they will fail, they will.  So, again, perish that thought.  But, now the goddamn thing is freshly there.  Why, in hell, do I think I need so many big scores?  Simple math is the answer and math is considered indisputable.  I suddenly remem­bered that somewhere I saw something which said; “To understand that one plus one equals two, one must first understand plus.”
	This is all getting extremely confusing, probably has no point, probably is unanswerable, at least as long as we are confined to words and numbers and most importantly is self-defeating.  So, I decided that it was momentarily necessary to adopt the personae of Doc Holliday, sans TB. 
	Another possible answer to why I need so many big scores could be that I was simply born in the wrong place.  The extravagant tastes that my Toyota and I share are apparently not afforded by my inherited circumstances.
	I decided to play a game.  Since Acheron always succeeded at saying something surprising and initially unanswerable at the outsets of meetings, I wanted to see if I could beat her at her own game.  It might help propel my Doc Holliday posturing further.
	I dialed her number and she answered saying; “Yanush’s Downtown Bakery.”
	“Acheron, I’m glad you have a new job.  I’ve been thinking about some things and I’ve succeeded in confusing myself and I’d like your thoughts.  Why did I have to be born in the wrong place?”
	She immediately responded; “Weren’t we all?  You’re only 40 and you figured that one out already?”
	“Do you mean that you were born in the wrong place too?”
	“Of course.”
	This was doing little for my confidence level, as I was clearly getting outdone and was moved into another arena or two, with the same results.  I tried reverting to the basics, probably trying to start the game over and said; “Whatever the incidence of this disease and my acquisition of it, I asked you ‘Why me?’”
	“Why do you have a nose?”
	“I asked the first question.  I guess you still have no answer.”
	“When someone conclusively tells me why we were born I’ll attempt to answer why you were born with deficiencies.”
	“I’ll give you one more chance to answer a simple question without diversions.”
	“I do appreciate the kind opportunity.  Since you’re egocentric enough to focus on yourself, ignoring your place in the whole scheme of things shared with most everyone else, I’ll answer at your level of understanding.  It’s because you fucked up.”
	While that was somewhat insulting, I deserved it.  But I didn’t know what to say next, already cloudy on my original intention in making this call.  Since she had already called me an idiot, I considered it fair play to be one and said; “I know all that stuff.  Just wanted to see if you did.”
	“I never really expected to have a conversation like this with you and I’m not enjoying it.”  She hung up.
	Doc Holliday took another bullet.  I’m going in reverse today, by trying to engage my mental prowess.  Maybe I pushed a wrong button somewhere.  At any rate, since the mental was failing me, I decided to try something physical.
	I drove to town and picked up wine and some goodies and brought them to Acheron’s house.  She was in the open doorway dressed in tight jeans and a baggy white T-shirt containing the head of Bob Marley.  As soon as I opened the car door, she said; “You have got to be the slowest driver this side of the Rockies.  I expected you twenty minutes ago.”
	She had done it again, but I realized that I always enjoyed it; excepting the time I tried to make it in to a game and beat her at it.  I said; “I’m glad you want to see me.”
	“I didn’t say I wanted to.  I said I expected to.”
	“Thanks.”  I left the food and wine in the car, shut the door, ran over to her, picked her up, kissed her, said she had a beautiful mouth and shut her condo door behind me.
	Some time had elapsed when we exited, taking the now warm wine and somewhat brittle food out.  When she saw the result of the baking she said; “Are you still hungry?”
	I said; “Perpetually.”
	We walked down the block to the secluded river area and I told her of my next adventure with Butch scheduled for the day after tomorrow and that I just wanted to rest and prepare for it all day tomorrow.  She listened and asked questions about the particulars, seeming to have a real interest in the possibili­ties, dangers and mechanics of the endeavor.
	When we got back to her door, darkness had already begun.  She said; “I want to retire early tonight.  Tomorrow’s an early work day.  I hope you know what you’re doing.  I’d really like to see you again.”
	I looked into her now sad eyes, feeling very happy myself.  I opened my mouth to say something that currently escaped me and stood there a few seconds.  She smiled and gently shut the door.
	When I got home I got into my usual routine and enabled the CRT.  Realizing that soon money would be at risk dealing with people who never watched public television, I switched the channel.  The game show I hit first try would fit the bill.  I soon saw that I couldn’t answer any of the questions and was impressed with the speed in which a few contestants could.  I should correct myself and try to think accurately about what I saw.  What I couldn’t do was provide the correct question to the answer given.  The backward process must have equated to some perversion I never previously encountered.  It occurred to me that there were a number of questions that have the same answer.  For example, if the answer given was forty-two, I might have said, “What is the next whole number after forty-one?” or “What was Jackie Robinson’s number?” or “What year did my father land in Italy?” etc., etc.  Did the rules of the game allow different correct questions/answers?  Did you get extra credit if you supplied the answerer/questioner with a few?  It seemed not, though no one elaborated on the finer points of the rules, perhaps not wanting to appear overly doctrinaire.  I settled into listening to interchanges, like “J. D. Salinger.”  Buzzer.  “Who wrote The Catcher in the Rye?”  “That’s correct!”
	I couldn’t help but get even more disturbed when I heard that one.  One could have correctly questioned; “Who wrote ‘Franny and Zooey’?”  or “Who wrote ‘Nine Stories’?”  The latter correct question could have a number of different correct answers and did they mean exactly nine stories or at least nine stories.  I finally realized that through the circling possibilities, I had finally seen infinity, but was unable to comprehend it.
	Since this one was over my head, I thought it best to try another.  On this one the contestants picked one of nine currently, otherwise out of work celebrities, who would then, in turn, try to answer some questions.  It struck me as delegation of one’s responsibility to act for themselves.  It didn’t help matters when the celebrities continually harangued about something irrelevant to everyone else, ostensibly in an attempt to drum up work in the field in which they were once semi-prominent.  Though not completely satisfied, I felt that this show was currently more useful to me as it seemed more American than the first one’s circling infinity.
	After watching for fifteen minutes I got itchy and chanced other stations, finally finding one playing the original version of “King Kong.”  I trotted to the kitchen and quickly found a hero and poured some ice tea.  I ate and drank leisurely, eventually falling asleep to something I considered truly American.
	I woke up on the couch before sunrise the next morning to a lengthy infomercial bragging about the product’s technological superiority to its competitors.  Not only that, it was now and for a limited time available at half the price of its closest relative and came with a five year warranty.  Wow.  I memorized the flashing phone number on the bottom of the screen.  I scooted to the phone in the kitchen and I think I entered the correct number.  I was greeted by an efficient female voice;
	“Good morning.  This is Andrea.  May I help you?”
	“Yes, I’d like one of them.”
	“One of what?”
	I thought for a few seconds.  She said; “Sir?”
	“One of those things you’re selling on television.  Can we expedite this a bit?  I wouldn’t want the limited time half price offer to expire.”
	“Are you kidding me?”
	“No.”
	“What product do you want?”
	I was getting annoyed.  “The... one... you... are... right.... now.... advertising.... on.... television.”
	“I don’t have a television here and we sell hundreds of products.”
	“Can you hold on for five seconds, while I take another look at the television?”  I ran back to the defining box, only to find that a news program was now on.  Worse, could that be an indication that the limited time offer had elapsed?  I walked ponderously back to the phone and said; “Sorry, the show is over.”
	“Well, what did you want?”
	“The thing you’re selling for half price.”
	“You must know what it is.”
	“I thought that was your job.  At half price I’d buy most anything.”
	She didn’t know what to say, so after some dead space, the best response she thought of was to repeat; “What is it you want?”
	I had already been over this terrain and in an attempt to avoid going through it again, I tried to think of the question in a different way and responded sadly; “I don't know.”
	We either got cut off or she hung up, hoping that if I called back someone else would get stuck.  I went to a window in an adjoining room and watched the first hint of sunlight peep out over the hills somewhere behind Butch’s house. The laser like beam must have switched one of my channels, because suddenly all was clear.  The infomercial and the phone call put my mindset right back in the heart of the land of the free and I knew exactly what I wanted; to play cards and win a fortune.
	I made coffee and breakfast, trying to decide if I should give Butch a call.  This was to be our “preparation” day and any last minute details could be worked out during tomorrow’s two hour drive.  I guess I just wanted to hear him assure me that all systems were still go, get that over with early in the day and then we both would spend the rest of the day preparing, as planned for tomorrow.
	He answered with a bored; “Hi, Ed.”
	“How did you know it was me?”
	“Who else would call at this hour?”
	“Are you getting prepared for tomorrow?” 
	“Yeah.  At least I was.”
	“Everything’s all right?”
	“Yeah,” he said in two syllables.
	“Well, good,” I said hesitatingly.  “I just got into this weird conversation and for a while it threw me.”
	“You running a wake up service?”
	“I called to buy some product.”
	“What product?”
	I didn’t want this conversation the first time and certainly didn’t want to risk repeating it, so I cut to the chase; “I didn’t know what it was I wanted.”
	“You really should cut out the mental masturbation, especially today.  You want to play cards and win a fortune, simple as that.”
	For the second time in the early day the phone line indicated possible problems or I was hung up on.  I spent the rest of the day eating, drinking, counting my $110,000 and playing out imaginary six hand seven card stud games, not knowing Butch was doing precisely the same thing.  

Chapter 12


	I pulled into Butch’s driveway at 8:30 AM the next morning, half an hour early.  He must have heard my car on the gravel as he was waiting in the open front door in his bathrobe, when I got out of the car.  
	“You have trouble sleeping?” he said.
	‘No, you have trouble getting up?”
	“I intended to be ready at 9 AM.  Don’t be annoying me now.”
	“It’s probably a small thing, but we have to go over it before we leave.”
	“Having second thoughts?”
	I said; “Hell, no.”
	“I am.”
	“Oh, no, don’t tell me.”
	“I woke up dreaming about what I could do with the money I already have.  I’m not sure if I dreamed it or just thought about it after my awakening.”
	“Ah, shit on it.  It’s just last minute jitters.  You’ll get over it as soon as we get moving.”
	“I don’t know.  Maybe.”
	“Yes, you will.  How long do you think $110,000 is going to last?”
	“Pretty long.”
	“Yeah, if you continue to live here.”
	“I could move in with Alice.”
	“Just what Alice needs; an unemployed guy hanging around her all day and all night.”
	“You know, sometimes you say things.........”
	I sort of interrupted him and said; “Look, we’re going to have to discuss appropriate attire.”
	“I dress the way I feel like it.”
	“Good.  Me too.  At the same time we have to be aware of the other player’s reactions to us.”
	“Why?”
	“We can use it to our advantage.  We’re going to be what we are; a couple of fucked up country boys, probably knowledgeable in the use of guns.”
	Butch may have been slightly insulted and said; “I know how to use a gun as good as most anybody.”
	“I know that, too.  It also means nobody at the game is going to really try any shit with us.  Something I use in the playing of a card game is to watch whether people act superior to us in little ways.  It usually means that they also tend to over-bet their hands.”
	“Yeah, I use that, too, except I don’t describe it the way you do.  It’s something like, ‘Some people are full of shit and you just don’t listen to what they say.  You watch their actions and discount the overstatements.”
	I smiled at him, looked in his eyes and said; “Butch you are the almost perfect partner.  We’re one hell of a team and I don’t think there are many who can beat us.”
	“We’ll get our ups and downs.”
	“Sure.  But, the way I see it, if there are four other people in the game, at least two of them will be very beatable.  We might beat the smarter group, too and that will just be gravy.”  I grabbed him around the neck, put my face alongside his, squeezed and said; “We’re going to do it, man, I just know it.”
	I broke away from him, spun around and spun around again, again facing him.  “One more thing.  They’re going to try to get us in some conversation.  We don’t want to tell them exactly where we live.  It could be Pennsylvania or New York for all they know.  We just say; ‘We didn’t come here to bullshit. We came here to play cards.’  We have to remember that this is probably a one-time thing, as we might get famous and it’ll be harder then.”
	Butch said; “Why do you keep telling me all these things I already know?  This is going to work out fine.  It’s our best shot.”
	He walked away and from a distance of two feet, we shook our heads from side to side and looked the other up and down, with knowing smiles.
	I said; “Did you play sports as a kid?”
	“Sure, didn’t we all?”
	I thought for a second; and said; “Yeah, back then, anyway.”
	He went in the bathroom to dress, leaving me to stare out the window of the now sunny wooded hills.  I was feeling very confident and I had a daydream.  I was walking around on a sunny early spring morning.  The lightly clouded blue sky evinced a remnant of the preceding night, a very clear large full moon in striated brightness.  There was a half-acre muddy field ahead.  The water source must have been unnatural as the rest of the area was dry, to the point of dusty.
	In the muddy field about thirty broken wooden wheels were turning on simple wooden stands.  All the wood was very weathered and probably never had been stained.  The wheels were assembled in a batten manner, comprised of four boards cut to the appro­priate shape, held together by two straight boards nailed into the back.  Each was broken in some fashion, most of them missing part of an outer section, thereby being flat on part of one side.
	Despite that, they were all turning in the deep mud with no discernible power source.  They didn’t seem to be accomplishing anything, as the mud pushed out of the holes the wheels were in, would roll slowly back where it came from.  I stared at them a while, wondering what they were trying to do.  I hoped that someone would make himself visible to me, so that I could ask him about the wheels.  No one showed up.  All I heard was silence, gently marred by the slushing creaking sounds of the wheels, doing whatever job they had been assigned.
	When Butch exited the bathroom the wheels disappeared somewhere into the sky or ground.  I suspected they continued to work without any surveillance necessary.  He had on his best cowboy duds; boots, black denim pants, a fancy blue shirt and a brown suede vest.  “I’m ready,” he said.
	“You remember your gun? I got mine,” proudly smacking the right front pocket of my well used blue jeans.
	“Of course,” he smiled, remembering that he had loaded mine with blanks and realizing that I had not yet figured that out.  “Let’s take my car.”  We walked out to the garage and got in the old Mustang.  There was no major highway between us and Atlantic City, so we drove the scenic route.  As we passed through Hunterdon and Somerset counties, there was little meaningful change in the topography and types of houses, except that the further we went the more suburban developments were in evidence.  One of the more desired developments consisted of about twenty houses, with which a quick glance one could see variety; Tudors, colonials, Mediterranean styled and those with vague modern pretensions.  However, closer inspection would reveal that the 4,500 sq. ft. structures were identical or mirror images, as the only difference was the type of siding.  They sat in dominance over their impeccably maintained, treeless 1 1/2 acre lots.  Their current baldness was originated by the builder’s bulldozers, presumably to make the construction process more efficient, but I suspect that there were also some other considerations no one spoke about in polite company.
	I noticed that the speedometer was approaching 80 when we started to encounter increasing numbers of other travelers.  I said; “I don’t feel like knocking down and then fixing somebody’s mail box, today,” referring to our recent chance meeting procedure.
	“Don’t worry about it,” he said.  “If I can go 90 drunk, I can easily handle 80 sober and wide awake.”
	That made perfect sense to me and I didn’t want to quibble small points when I was anxious to get to our destination.  Besides, we really didn’t have to fix it anyway.  We could just keep going.  My right hand grabbed the otherwise useless handle over the door and I slouched down in my seat planting both feet firmly on the sloping floor.
	“Nervous?” he said.
	“No.  Prepared.”
	We passed through towns containing houses of every imaginable style, size and color on much smaller lots.  We started to run into more annoying red lights and stop signs, most often coinciding with the turn into one of the area’s corporate campuses.  I’ve always considered that terminology a bit of an oxymoron, though slightly indirect.  No matter, I was just filling my head with thoughts to dispel the emptiness caused by the lack of conversation.
	We again got more of the road to ourselves when we entered the Pinelands.  The name says precisely what the area looks like.  The flat, sandy, pine-filled land displayed a wide variety of houses, but few colonials and Tudors and a significant number requiring an extended maintenance plan.  We were in the area of the famous Jersey Devil.  When I was first told about him, I noticed that there were various available descriptions, but no stories of ominous deeds performed.  Some devil.  Maybe he worked on some subliminal level not yet explored.  I saw something fitting one of the many descriptions available walk back into his bi-level carrying a six pack.
	“Hey, Butch, did you see him?”
	“I guess not.  Who?”
	“I just saw the Jersey Devil go into that house back there.”
	“You must be mistaken.  He lives about a mile further down the road.”
	Shortly after escaping the shadows caused by wall to wall pine trees, we started to encounter houses that are simply called “shore types.”  They generally share the appearance of a traditional clapboard colonial, but with varied differences, many designed to keep out direct sunlight.  There were also large boxes originally built cheaply, but now expensive because of the ocean proximity.  Many were rented to young vacationers, often having twenty occupants coming and going, further increasing the economic utility.
	I said; “Butch, are you all right?”
	“Yeah, what’s the matter?”
	“Nothing, really.  It’s so quiet.”
	“That’s because you shut up for once.”
	I laughed.  “Feeling lucky?”
	“Yes, I am.  How about you?”
	“Really good.  I’m completely relaxed and sure that our next problem is going to be where to keep all the money.”
	He said; “I never thought about that.  If we put it in the bank, we might wind up paying income taxes on it.”
	“Right.”
	“So where do we put it?”
	“Under the mattress?”
	“I’ll never get any sleep on a mattress that lumpy.”
	We were laughing as we saw the sign announcing Atlantic City.  We crossed a bridge over a swampy area host to no other structures.  Exiting the bridge we saw the abandoned apartment buildings, open lots filled with weeds and various types of garbage and houses evidencing no maintenance for decades.  We saw people of various ages, sexes and colors, with one big thing in common.  They looked angry.  Did they actually once believe that the allowance of gambling would provide all the goodies promised by the developers and government officials?  That’s too naïve.  They’re probably mad about everything, as we all are, but they feel free to show it. 
	Then we got our first glimpse and beheld the temple of Oz, piercing and presiding over the gray overcast sky.  

Chapter 13

	Butch stopped the car on the street, which was currently devoid of cars.  I got a longer look at our Mecca or perhaps, circle of hell.  Which, it actually was, depended on my mood, time of day or numerous other factors too voluminous to bother listing.  It was probably both.  The physical exterior characteristics were somewhat impressive and expensive looking, but a bit unnatural for my taste.  It was perched on the other side of the boardwalk and accessible to it.  The general appearance was that of an elaborate gold leafed bird of prey who wore tons of silver metal armor.  More likely it was chrome, but until it overtly offended me, I had no reason to be insulting.  From the second floor to the top, the metal framed windows were regularly and repetitiously spaced, separated from each other by the silver plates and white stucco.  The roof spire must have extended the height of a good thirty feet, no doubt further impressing someone.  Of course the first floor entrance was the item most worthy of note.  Electric lights were poised on everything from top and bottom.  The large silver and glass revolving door was the only front opening.  Did the builders think that the people might be embarrassed to be seen there?  The background was classic stamping of rectangular designs on the gold leafed metal. 
	Sixteen eight foot statues lined the concrete paving, all of some Egyptian deities, with men’s bodies and bird’s heads, all finished in a dark brown, black speckled, metallic substance.  Much smaller birds identically finished occupied nooks cut into the wall.  My interpretation was simple; they were trying to attract men with bird brains to eventually trap them in con­tainers.  The name of the place, “Shanghai’s Delights”, hovered above the birds, its dignified simple black capital letters on a white background was further illuminated by a series of plain light bulbs, turning on and off in such a manner to give the appearance of circling the name.  I looked at Butch and said; “Well, are we going to proceed further?”
	“As soon as you get out of the car, I will.”
	“What?”
	“Ed, we don’t want to enter together and advertise our friendship.  You get out here and walk.  I’ll park in the lot.”  He reached into the glove compartment and pulled out a wad of string.  He handed me his gun and said; “We can’t get through metal detectors with these, so after I go in, I’ll get to the lowest window I can open in private.  You tie the guns to it and I’ll reel them in.  Then you enter.”
	I was dumbfounded, not having thought of that before.
	He detected something and said; “Are you all right?”
	I resented the question and said; “It’s obvious neither of us is all right, but I know I’ll hold up my end and you’ll do the same.  You’re the gun man.  I didn’t check out every detail.”
	“Good enough.  Let’s get going.”
	I exited the car and walked the block to a wooden staircase leading to the boardwalk.  Under it were three black kids, approximately twelve years old.  When I got close they all looked at me with eyes that said; “We didn’t do anything and I hope you’re not a cop.”  As I climbed the stairs above them, I mumbled; “Don’t worry, I’m no cop.”
	When I got to the facility I walked to the left side first and looked up for any open windows.  Not immediately seeing any, I continued to the back, seeing the parking facilities at ground level with easy access and egress to various town streets.  When I turned again to the right side of the building I heard; “Hey.”
	I looked up and saw Butch in a third-floor window.  We did as planned with no intervention or obvious audience.  I ambled back to the front door, giving Butch a chance to position himself in the right place.  When I entered and successfully negotiated the metal detector, I walked the only way I could to a windowless room that didn’t permit any sunlight and offered in its place a minimum of electric lights.  This was somewhat enhanced by the lights of the quarter machines in six rows of twelve, back to back.  The only sounds were the machine beeps.  There were more people walking the gray carpeted floor than were sitting at machines.  Their appearances ran the gamut.  What they had in common was that none were young, none made eye contact, none seemed unimpaired and none moved quickly.  The place had a feeling of desperation, or perhaps it was just an odor of perspiration. 
	I continued through a wide opened double door into an area of pool tables and a snack bar.  It was occupied by five or six smiling, observant guys.  Suspecting that they worked as “guides” to the uninitiated I stepped up my pace to a chorus of “Hello”’s.  I said “Hi” and kept moving, as no matter their game, I didn’t need them for anything.  One yelled out; “Looking for someone?”  Almost inaudibly I said; “No,” and continued through another open double door.
	The unnatural light improved as I entered an empty 20 by 20 vestibule, with signs and closed doors.  Apparently the general name of the area was “Specialties”, with one specialty delinea­ted over each of five doors.  When I saw the names:  “Cards”, “Dice”, “Roulette”, “Sports” and “Restrooms”, the decision was easy, as it had been a long ride.  I then entered “Cards” and the first thing I saw was Butch walking around rather ani­matedly.  He came toward me, put my gun in my hand and said; “The big game is in the back, where all the friendly girls are.  Staircases are at the corner.  I’ll be using another specialty for a few minutes.”  He briskly continued on and I took a look around the room.  I heard his voice call out, “Put yourself in a position where you can get lucky.”
	I proceeded directly to the back.  The guys there were much better dressed than me.  There were three or four playing and similar numbers standing around bullshitting.  The “girls” or rather what you could see of them, covering all exposed areas in some type of smelly cosmetic, stood at the bar laughing uproariously at the bullshit.  The room was designed to stress faux opulence, with a fountain shooting water three feet in the air and gold leafing all over the place including the Styrofoam cornices. 
	When they noticed me coming, a few looked my way with a phony smile.  One chubby guy holding a drink said; “Looking for something?”
	I didn’t appreciate the tone and the unanimous smiles, so I said; “No, thanks, I found it.  I was looking for the useless club.  I wanted to join.”  I continued toward Mr. Helpful slowly.  When I got near him I extended my hand for a shake.  He surprised me after he stared at me for a brief second, shaking it modestly.
	I looked at him and said; “So this is the big one, huh?”
	“Yeah.  Large amounts of money are won and lost in here all the time.”
	“Do you play sometimes?”
	He tried not to be insulting, saying; “Sure,” softly.
	“My apologies.  I should have phrased it this way; I was curious why not now.”
	“I like playing best when certain people are in the game.”
	I laughed; “I know exactly what you mean.  Now, you wouldn’t want to tell me who they are, would you?”
	He laughed; “You’ll figure it out in a while.”
	I said; “I don’t think I’m going to be here long enough for that.”
	By this time we had lost the interest of the merry crowd, excepting one older guy who was at least half listening.  Some of what he heard made him smile and he said; “Do you know how many of us said that?”
	I laughed and nodded my head.
	He added; “Is this your big shot?”
	“Yeah, I guess so.  But it gets to be a complicated story to tell.  But, I think I’ll need a few more big hits after this one.”
	“After this one?”
	“I should have said, assuming.  Does that make it sound better?”
	He extended his hand, saying; “I’m Bill Jamison.  I’m looking forward to seeing you play.”
	My original friend slowly slipped way, rejoining the revelry.
	I shook Bill’s hand saying; “I really don’t hope to be playing here much.  I’m not comfortable playing against the house guy, who plays eight hours a day five days a week.  I don’t like being under constant surveillance and possible communication and I hate the girls looking over your shoulder.  I’m looking for a big private game.”
	“A lot of people feel the same way.  That’s why there are outside games.  The hard part is that the guys in these games make very few mistakes.  There’s one in Room 515 at 5PM most every day.”
	Bill must have felt that he said all he had to, as he turned and departed.
	For no good reason I turned the other way.  Butch was about ten feet behind me looking up at the ceiling, no doubt planning escape routes.
	He sauntered over to the bar, requesting a soda.  He was met with a smile and small laugh by the bartender, who reached under the counter to take care of business.  Butch then said; “You don’t think I’m gonna try to do this bullshit,” waving his hand at the game table, “while I’m drunk, do you?”
	When the only response that greeted him was a glass of soda, he added a mumble of “Shit,” in a very dismissive way.  I was reminded that Butch was very much the real cowboy and good with a gun.
	He took a spot about ten feet from the table and watched the game.  I moved in his general direction and noted that the cowboy newcomer was now the center of attention.  When I got near him, he said to nobody in particular, “Is all they play here Texas Hold ’Em?”
	I said, “I don't know.  I’m new, too.”
	I looked back at the intent crowd, picking my hand up in such a way to signify a question and received a few bobbing nods from the girls.
	I said to Butch, “I have it on good authority all they play here is Texas Hold ’Em.”
	He said; “I hate that fucking game.”
	I was surprised, but started laughing and blurted out, “Me, too.”
	We shook hands and introduced ourselves to each other as Butch and Ed.  We walked over to the other non-players.  Bill looked our way and I introduced Butch to him.  Butch again said; “Texas Hold ’Em?”
	“Yeah,” Bill answered.  “This way the house can deal all the time and get more people in the game, to feed Shanghai’s coffers.”
	I said; “Do they always win?”
	Bill said; “Yes, is the simple answer.  By law, the game is designed so that the house averages winning 10% of everything bet.  Some think it’s more like 30%.”
	I said; “There are no doubt some winners though.”
	Bill said; “Sure, sometimes.  You can be lucky and win going against the odds for a while.  Some of the pros hang around here waiting for a loser or two to get in the game.  It evens things out a bit.”
	I said; “Got any in tonight’s game?”
	Butch shot me a look, undetected by the others, seemingly pleasantly surprised that something had been set up quickly.
	Bill said; “Sometimes.  Not all that often.  You might hear somebody say something different because every guy thinks he knows how to play the poker variations perfectly.  Of course he’s right.  The games are simple enough to be understood by a five year old.  It’s just that some people always lose money.  When you find one of them, everybody wants to get in a game with them.  When you get two of them, the players look like they’re playing musical chairs.  I swear to God, a week ago at one game two guys sat on the same seat, one from the left and one from the right.”
	Butch said; “Who kept the seat?
	Bill said; “The guy from the left.  He had a much bigger ass.”
	I said; “Bet you’ve seen a lot of games.”
	Bill said; “More than I sometimes care to remember, but I’m glad I’ve seen so many interesting stories.”
	Butch said; “You didn’t make all that much money, did you?”
	Bill answered; “Enough to have three wives, five kids and I’m currently residing in prestigious Atlantic City.  I’d probably have done better running seminars and teaching other people how to do it, rather than trying it myself.”
	I said; “I think I would have signed up for the seminar.”
	Bill was flattered and said; “I’ll tell you one other thing.  You’ve only got two types of players in tonight’s game, the free agent, who may have many reasons for playing, though some of them perennially win or lose big and the professional.  The pro’s not going to make a killing.  His biggest motivation is not to lose a lot.  Even if his profits are small, as long as the backer gets back his investment, the pro will find plenty of backers.”
	Butch said; “Do you have any backers?”
	Bill said; “I’ve got a few old friends.  But, lately I’ve been a free agent, looking for one big score and then I quit.”
	I said; “How are you doing?”
	Bill said; “I’ve already told you where I live?”
	Butch looked at the clock and saw it was already 1:30PM.  He said; “I better eat and be in shape for tonight.  Thanks for everything, Bill.”
	I said; “Okay if I tag along?”
	Butch said; “Sure.”
	I shook his hand and said; “Thanks, again,” then followed Butch out of the room.
	I said; “Where are we gonna eat?”
	“In here someplace.  I don’t wanna go through the gun routine again and I don’t want to be carrying this much money around town.”  He was referring to the $110,000 each of us had in their wallet; eleven $10,000 bills exchanged at the bank.
	“You left me to do the same.”
	“I figured you’d make it a whole block, especially with a gun.”
	I gave him a little slap in the head and he laughed, taking three quick steps away from me in mock fear.  He said; “Before we sit down to eat, tell me where the game is.”
	“Room 515 at 5PM.”
	“Let’s go to the fifth floor right now and have a look around.”
	We took the elevator and entered a carpeted dark hallway shaped like a rectangle.  There didn’t seem to be anything to make special note of excepting the stairs on each side.  When we got to 515, Butch turned the knob on the closed door to see two men sitting on a couch.  He said; “Is this where the game is?”
	One of them answered, saying; “Later.  Five O’clock.  And you need at least one hundred grand.”
	Butch said; “See ya later,” and shut the door.  It’s hard to say exactly what he was looking for, except an easy way out.  It’s more like what he’s not looking for -- obstacles of any sort.
	On the elevator ride down I said; “Fine with you?” to which he parroted back; “Fine with me.”
	The in-house restaurant was in the front, so we again passed through the dimly lit area holding the quarter machines and its occupants.  We both slowed down, marveling at the uniquely American work of art; some somber people sitting and staring at machines and more slowly walking about with their cupful of quarters, hoping that some lucky unused machine, might call them.
	Butch joked; “This is a low budget zombie movie.  Don’t let any of them touch you.”
	“What would happen?”
	“Nothing good.”
	We negotiated our way through the somnambulistic jungle, entered the adjoining restaurant and took a booth in the middle of the picture window displaying the almost color version of the original “Night of the Living Dead.”
	Our plans apparently set in place; we sat quietly eating and drinking while we rudely stared at the unpaid actors.  Eventually, one of them temporarily gave up on finding his lucky machine and saw us.  He was best described as a skinny balding white man displaying gray on gray with a bandage around his right arm.  He stared at us in our perches five feet above his ground level.  It was a trifle upsetting when he was joined by some of his other companions, including a 300 pound forty year old white woman wearing bright red lipstick and a queen size version of a little girl’s pink party dress, which she proceeded to pick up with her right hand, displaying a meaty, tattooed or scarred left leg.  She started to laugh uproariously and was soon joined by her cohorts.  Butch and I looked away.  
	He said; “Do you think these things ever had plans to win a big one?”  He snickered.
	I answered; “I think they still do.  Let’s change seats.  I’m getting freaked and depressed.”  We took a booth behind a partition which blocked the view of the picture window.  I said; “Do you think they ever come in here?”
	“I have no idea.  But if they come in now I’m looking for a back exit.”
	For the rest of the afternoon the only company we had was that of our 55 year old black waitress in white uniform.  She didn’t encourage any unnecessary chit-chat and neither did we.
	Butch told me of a plan he and Alice had concocted.  It seems that there is a two story rough-cut stone house a little further up the road from his current residence, that both he and Alice liked when they were kids.  It always needed a good deal of work and has been owned by various New York City residents over the years, sometimes as an investment or sometimes as a country weekend home.  Many kids in the area worked on it, basically living in it, during one of its rebirths, including Butch.  Alice has found out that though there is no “For Sale” sign yet, it’s going up for sale and will be asking $300,000.  “We could get it if we do well tonight and I could resume fixing it, just like when I was a kid.  It’s livable and Alice could add some of her touches, too.”  Though I was truly happy for him, I also saw this as further evidence of the probable end of our travels.  At 4:55 Butch said; “Let’s get moving.”  


Chapter 14

	We paid and left the restaurant which had a strong resemblance to a 1950’s mobile diner and again passed through the darkness.  We didn’t see any of our old friends.  They might have been replaced with new ones, this crop taking no notice of us whatsoever.  We easily dodged the turtle paced mannequins, went into the elevator and I pushed the five button, wondering what I would do if a load of quarters came flying out of the ceiling.  This proved to be another of my fleeting worries that never came to fruition. 
	We exited on five and walked into the hallway.  Butch said; “Are you ready?”
	I said; “Most definitely.  And you, sir?”
	“Frankly those zombies unnerved me a little bit.”
	“Well, get yourself un-unnerved, unless you want to wind up with them.”
	“That fat girl in the pink ain’t bad.”
	“Can we share her?”
	Butch smiled, saying; “That wouldn’t be necessary.  I got my game head back.”
	When we got to 515 this time, Butch gave the closed door two gentle raps and then pushed it open.  We were greeted by two solidly built gentlemen in suits.  One said; “You boys come to play.”
	Butch said; “Yep.”
	“Let’s see your money.”
	Butch said; “I’ll show you mine, if you show me yours.”
	“We’re not players, pal.”
	Butch replied; “You’re security, I guess, then,” sarcastically.
	Our new friend, Bill, was already in attendance, saw the interchange and called out, “They’re okay.”
	One of the big black suited guys said; “You vouch for them?”
	Bill said; “Sure.”
	Big black suit mockingly bowed to us, sweeping his left arm and saying; “Come right in, friends.”  We both breathed a sigh of relief, being able to hold onto our guns.
	We nodded at him and entered our immediate sanctuary.
	The meeting place was a gaudy high priced hotel room as expected, designed to look expensive, using a lot of red felt, gilt and shining surfaces.  There was a mosaic tiled, perpetually running water fountain near the center of the twenty-five foot square room.  A large picture window on one side afforded a panoramic view of the Atlantic Ocean, today under heavy clouds.
	The other walls were covered with modern colorful abstract paintings.  What they were abstracting was not obvious to me.  A well-stocked bar, replete with bartender, occupied one corner.  Imitation Louis XIV chairs of different colors, but always heavy on the gilt seemed to be randomly placed on the deep purple medium shagged carpet.  The table, located in the furthest quadrant from the door, was sturdy, simply rectangular, painted black, with polyurethane.  The chairs surrounding it were the same as the others in the room, all matching in their intended ostentation.
	We walked over to the table where all the people were.  Apparently, dressed at Brooks Brothers, one sitting portly gentleman called out; “Hey, didn’t you guys know this was a classy place?” no doubt making reference to our country “Wrangler” duds.
	I was glad to learn this quickly of one sucker in the game.  Not to yet argue I said; “Was is the right word.  I think we’ve already redecorated this classy place somewhat.”
	“As long as you have the money, you can redecorate it all you like.  Can you show your credentials?”
	I said; “Can you show yours?”
	He made a phony smile, turning from side to side, looking at the other people at the table, as if to say; “These guys have got to be kidding.”  I concluded that this was either the guy in charge or the guy trying to be in charge.  In either case, he was a probable loser at cards, devoting his attention, at least in part, to his rank.
	Sensing the security of the situation, Butch retrieved the wallet from his back pocket and opened it, showing the $10,000 bills to the audience spoken for by chubby Brooks Brothers.  I did the same and people silently acknowledged their approval.  I said; “Is anyone compelled to reciprocate?”
	Bill said; “I’ll vouch for them.”  He then induced brief introductions, when I discovered that chubby Brooks Brothers “real” name was Stallion Calabresio.  I hoped this name was pinned on him by another party, for his sake.
	Considering the real possibility that Butch would soon be insisting on getting the game going, I took a quick scan of the imminent gladiators.  There was Charles in his thick red framed sunglasses dressed like a “punky” 30 year old, with a calculator in his shirt pocket.  I didn’t worry about him being in the game because it was doubtful that he had invented a system capable of factoring the down cards already dealt.  Before I could continue my inventory taking, Butch said; “Is everyone going to stand around gawking or can we play some cards?  We’ve got a good number.”  The number was currently seven players, two backers, two security guards and Bill, whose role was not on my definition list.
	Butch walked right over to the table, put his hands on the back of one of the chairs and looked back at everyone else.  The crowd slowly moved in his and Stallion’s general direction, pausing to finish incomplete conversations or take one last shot at a brilliant ending one liner.
	Bill used the opportunity to say to me, when we were out of the earshot of others, that Stallion was the man here and many other places.  He rarely lost and sometimes picked up meaningful sums.  Any system used was so far undetectable.  He was backed by Carmine D’Allesio, older and said to be well connected.  I was surprised and knew all I needed to.
	I grabbed a chair two away from Butch and sat down.  I took a quick look at Manny, a 40 year old Chicano, backed by Ramon.  Same as Stallion, no real problem, but no mistakes, either.  “Cowboy Jakes” outfit put Butch’s to shame, displaying a very high style cowboy motif, on his thin frame.  I vaguely remembered someone saying something to him about “being from Jersey City.”  Completing the magnificent seven was Carl Baressi; a 25 year old, thin, muscular man wearing an Italian cut light blue suit and displaying a good Rolex.  I had no feelings about him, so decided that he would be the one to initially focus on.  My own possible problems appropriately came to mind first.  Since I now “knew” that Stallion was the man, would I play to impress him or would I be able to focus entirely on the money and the cards?  No problem, fuck Stallion.
	Carl went to Butch’s seat and put a hand on his shoulder, saying; “Would you mind?  This is my lucky seat.”
	Butch shrugged, got up and took the next open one, almost directly opposite me.  Sitting back down he said; “I’ll sit on the floor if that’s what it takes to get things moving.”
	Stallion looked at Butch and smirked; “Anxious to lose your money, cowboy?”
	“Cowboy Jakes,” who was currently more interested in figuring out how to keep his jacket fringe out of his whiskey, thought that Stallion was addressing him and said; “No more than usual.  I’m going to have to take off this goddamn jacket before I get the cards wet.  I wouldn’t want anyone to accuse me of marking.  You know what I mean, Stallion.”
	I was quietly thankful for the information and took a good look at Stallion’s hands, currently shuffling the cards.  Butch felt that the length of “Cowboy Jakes” response and the possible aspersions pointed back at Stallion, alleviated him from the burden of making any reply.
	Stallion announced the rules.  “$2,000 ante.  $10,000 max per card.  No bumping off a check.  No playing light.”  He took a special look at Carl on that one.  “Any disputes will be decided by the two rule books in the kitchen.  If they disagree the money will be held by two uninvolved others until further clarification is obtained.”
	I said; “Do they ever disagree?”
	Stallion said; “Not that we yet know of.  But, just in case they do, .......  All games will be seven stud, the deal rotating to my left.  Any objections to my dealing first?”
	The game started off slowly, everyone playing conserva­tively, with no killer hands dispensed.  I watched the players’ penchants for continually reviewing their down cards when they didn’t have anything good and found their actions to be consistent with my expectations.  After half an hour of doldrums, each apparently waiting for the others to make a mistake, which didn’t come, the game started to open up.  People were at times betting $5,000 or more by the third card, attempting to predict the future based on a promising present.
	Money started to change hands more heavily and I noticed that Stallion and Manny dropped out of a few hands very early.  When I determined from the betting pattern that nobody really had anything, on the last card I would rub my left eye with my left index finger, makings sure I had Butch’s attention and then betting $10,000.  It worked three times and luckily, making the pattern less obvious, I actually got a great last card a few times, hiding the bluff and call routine some.
	Butch and I were probably up around $30,000 at the hour mark, when it was unanimously decided to take a break.  After bathroom trips, the players displayed different approaches to preparing for round two.  The professionals washed up and drank non-alcoholic beverages.  The wizard played with his calculator and Carl and “Cowboy Jakes” proceeded to down a few shots quickly.  Butch and I sat apart from, but facing each other, saying nothing, as we sipped our water glasses.  A few times one would point his eyes at someone in the room, as if to say, “Get a load of that,” and we’d make small undetected smiles.  Bill, who had been observing the game in its entirety, walked over to me and said; “Not doing too bad, are you?”
	I said; “I’m up somewhere around $10,000.  That’s not exactly retirement money.”
	Bill just made a weak smile and nodded, saying; “The night is still young.  Two are getting sloppy drunk and one is looking for special consultation from his artificial intelligence provider.”
	The game resumed at 6:15 and could be characterized as “wild” compared to round one.  Stallion and Manny continued their due diligence, but Carl and “Cowboy Jakes” began betting heavily early in a number of games only to have precocious hopes dashed by the future actualities.  Butch and I were somewhere between the two extremes, got decent cards and as a result were probably up fifty to sixty thousand combined.  Charles, the electronic wizard, was playing bizarrely.  At times he would seem to bet high on potential and at others he would bet low or drop out with decent actualities.
	The next time I signaled Butch and bluffed on the seventh card, Stallion said, matter of factly; “Get something good on the last card again?”
	Displaying as much emotion as the wizard’s calculator, I answered; “Pay and you’ll find out.”
	Butch again called, despite the unfortunate fact that he didn’t have anything and at the time of his call, Stallion had a pair of nines on board and was still in the game, though he did not call in his turn.  After everyone excepting Butch and I had dropped out, I announced; “Pair of eights,” one of which was in my hidden cards.  Butch just threw in his cards and said, “You’ve got me.”
	Stallion was perturbed.  He forcefully said to Butch; “How can you call when you’re beat on board?”
	Butch said; “I knew you’d pussy out.”
	Stallion yelled; “Call with nothing?”
	Butch calmly replied; “If you want lessons on how to play this game, call my number in the Yellow Pages.”
	I raked in the money, but decided not to use that technique again today.  Eyes, other than Stallion’s were also looking curiously at us, no doubt trying to recall how many times they had seen the same scenario, but said nothing, until now drunken Carl added; “What kind of bullshit is going on here?”
	Thinking that Carl was in no condition to understand what kind of bullshit was going on, even if explained to him in simple words, Butch chose to say; “There’s less here than meets the eye.”  Carl probably didn’t have a clue as to what that meant and the others didn’t take a lot from it either, thereby ending the dangerous conversation.  Frankly, I didn’t know exactly what he meant.
	Some prides must have been wounded, as the game got more furious and we started hearing comments like; “You are one lucky fucker,” made to whoever won the last hand.
	I was trying to refine my overall plan.  I don’t really want to get into anything really nasty and we were up pretty well, as is.  The only good answer I could come up with was that if they’re going to play a little crazy the best thing I could do was to play even crazier.  Take the first chance I get to end all this crap one way or the other. 
	A few hands passed and the betting continued heavier and Butch and I dropped out of a lot of hands.  My Apollonian fear decided to show up.  Damn limited and fickle god of logic.  Thanks a lot.  I’ll be glad to deal with you in the near future.  In the meantime can you just get the hell out of here?  Anyone can plainly see that I already have an appointment.  He must have left, for I soon felt like taking over the situation again.  I got the right feel during one particular hand where betting started off extremely heavy.  Stallion got frisky, believe it or not, on the first betting card, the third one; $7,000.  The rest matched him. 
	On the fourth card the situation changed a bit as “Cowboy Jakes” displayed a pair of kings on board and bet $3,000.  Again Stallion raised to $7,000 and everyone complied, except Butch continuing his recent pattern, when holding garbage.
	The fifth card was dealt.  “Cowboy Jakes” was still high on board and said; “Check.”  Stallion, feeling even better about his hand said; “$10,000.”  By now others had some interesting hands or ones with real potential, but at this point, just called.  I wished I was in the club, but Butch and I were probably the worst off.  I thought; “Goddammit, Apollo.  This isn’t any gigantic deal in the overall scheme of things.  Show me your good side for a change.  You owe me.”
	The sixth card didn’t thrill me, but now I had four spades in succession, mind you.  You can’t have much more potential than that.  Everyone’s eyes, however, shot to Charles’s cards.  Four cards of a high straight flush is, to say the least, unusual, not to mention what only Charles knew.  He already had the fifth.  Carl was high on board and also had now completed his full house.  Confident that his hand was capable of beating a flush, I suppose, he threw in $10,000.  Most often the player doesn’t have the fifth perfect card.  Stallion, no doubt using the same type of rationale, said; “Your $10,000 and ten more,” making two separate deposits in the bulging kitty.  Manny, after watching the first bet, didn’t think his cards warranted that kind of money, especially expecting another round like this on the seventh card and folded.  Charles matched and raised another $10,000.  The remaining combatants were content to match, putting more credence in the possibility of a perfect card.
	I understand that the number seven has religious signifi­cance, sometimes being called the number of perfection.  I never paid all that much attention to the concept in cards because it pops up regularly in seven stud, my favorite game.  Something so ordinary couldn’t possibly be perfect, could it?  I wasn’t sure right now, as my magical seventh card today gave me the perfect hand.  Did Apollo come through?  Dare I think that my favorite card game could perhaps be co-named “perfect stud”?  That makes no sense whatsoever.  I’ll think about that some other time.  The highest possible straight flush Charles could have was Queen high, as the King was in Manny’s showing cards.  Mine was Queen high, but in spades.  This might surprise someone.  Sometimes I’m surprised myself.  Cards defy realities themselves.  In the case of a tie, spades rule over diamonds.  Go figure.  Sometimes it helps to know what the rules are, especially when they’re a tad illogical.  From this point all I had to do was keep raising $10,000 until I get a simple call. 
	Charles, on the other hand, had a different approach, which in this case, didn’t suit him well.  The math/science major fo­cuses heavily on his own hand and where it fits into historical likelihoods, at times being blind to the current reality of other hands.  He proceeded with a plan identical to mine.  Carl, with his full house, was high on board with two pair showing, wanted to throw the burden to the self-announced big boy and said; “Check.”  Good old Charlie proudly announced; “$10,000.”  When it got to me, I calmly said; “You don’t have it.”  I assumed he did and it didn’t matter.  I wanted to try to keep the focus on him and hopefully get ignored myself.  Stallion stayed in for one more round of raising before throwing it in.  Stubborn Carl stayed in for two, prior to folding, when he said; “Somebody’s got it,” a phrase mimicking his usual degree of competence.
	After Charles and I exchanged another round of tactics, Carl looked at my cards and said “What could he possibly have?  Four of a kind loses to a straight flush.”  He was thinking out loud and continued; “Eight of spades and ten of spades.  There’s a chance in a million for a straight flush.”  He perused the cards showing on board and concluded that nothing prevented it.  The others now focused on my hand, shaking heads side to side saying; “It’s a possibility.”
	Fortunately for me, Doctor Charles, perhaps clouded by his mock punk sunglasses, didn’t consider the possibility, as he didn’t adjust tactics at all.  We kept raising until I was out of money.  Since I was not allowed to play “light” and didn’t want to advertise my partnership with Butch, by the possible interpretation of it coming through my borrowing money from him, I called using my last piece of paper.  Charlie smiled proudly, when he displayed that indeed he did have it, reaching for the mountain of green. 
	“Whoa, whoa, boy,” I said; “Look here.”  I turned over my down cards to reveal my Queen high spade straight flush.
	The other attendees had already considered the possibility without using a calculator, so they weren’t surprised.  But, Charlie seemed confused at first and after a few seconds of staring at the table blinking, he said; “A tie.”
	I said; “No ties in seven stud.  Spades rule.”
	Charles resumed some degree of composure and flatly said; “May I get a ruling?” looking at Stallion.
	Stallion said; “Sure,” and walked into the kitchen to get the two books relevant tonight, “Official Rules of the Game” and “Poker is the Name of the Game.”  He showed Charles the identically written conclusions in both books.  Charles slumped in his chair and stared at the wall.  No one had any further interest in viewing the table which held the cards Apollo or someone bestowed on me.


	I stood, up shoveling the verdant hilly jungle into my pocket.  I said, “Seems a perfect time to call it a night.  Are there any objections?”
	I think everyone was a bit exhausted, excepting Charles, who was doing the best imitation of a stupor he could muster.  So, we all did as we pleased, Butch and I escaping the Shanghai Delight, without hesitation.
	Butch led me to his car and drove us home through the cloudy dark night.  The only conversation we had was Butch saying; “Man, you scared the shit out of me for a while.”
	I was tired and made the easiest response; “I scare the shit out of myself sometimes.”  We had a bit of a laugh and both of our faces displayed silent peace and our eyes a sense of wonder.  We were enjoying the moment because we didn’t see the guy jotting down the license plate number when we left the house of eastern pleasure, heading due west, toward the declined sun.
Chapter 15


	When we got to my house we cleared our pockets on the kitchen table.  Further inspection would indicate that the moldy, well-handled morsels amounted to $695,000.
	We split it and we were so elated, that we celebrated with glasses of ice tea.  Not wanting to risk ruining the good feeling, I put on the Eagles’ Desperado album.  I knew that happened to be one of his favorites, too.  Maybe it’s a guy thing, because I’ve heard women deride the album somewhat, saying; “Isn’t it a bit pretentious to fancy yourself a desperado?”  I put some credence in their observations, but I wondered what they would think if the word desperate was substituted.  He didn’t stay long, saying he was anxious to tell Alice, who would obviously be thrilled and at the same time, continue her dialog about quitting.  
	He was right on both counts and this time Butch unequivocally agreed to quit while ahead.  Alice said she would get the process on the stone house purchase going in the morning and Butch raised no objections.
	I called Diane for the first time in a few weeks, telling her that I won and that it looks like the game is over.  She asked if I made enough to last a long time and I said; “No, but I can pay off the mortgage and have $100,000 left over.”  She was impressed with that, saying; “That takes a few years off of how long I need Seattle.”
	I guess I wanted to share my limited success story with someone in person, so I called Acheron, who answered the phone saying; “Federal Reserve Bank, Money Printing Division.”
	I said; “You can shut down operations.  Butch and I won a small fortune.  How about we go somewhere and spend some of it?”
	I found the rest of her conversation disjointed and somewhat indirectly derisive.  What was clear was that there would be no celebration tonight and that she was getting busier recently, starting some new project she was very interested in.  It had something to do with artistically depicting the current state of the entire world, juxtaposed with her current state, both obviously moving, gigantic targets.
	The Eagles album had ended and I put on the television out of habit.  I really just wanted to lay down on the couch and it just happened to be there, that’s all.  I thought about the next problem in which I might have some involvement: taxation.  I knew that if I deposited the money in a checking account, I’d run the risk of a meeting with the IRS man.  I decided to continue the original plan; pay off the mortgage in cash and burying the other $100,000 in the backyard woods.  If I get in trouble and am required to provide information as to the source of the money, I could pay the possibly resultant tax liability with what was in the ground.  I foolishly wondered if the IRS worries about where their income came from.  I must have fallen asleep somewhere in the middle of this conundrum, because the next thing I knew it was morning and fat boy was in the process of describing some caller as stupid, hanging up on him and proceeding to articulate the finer numerous points of the stupidity displayed, now, conveniently, with no possible rebuttal.  I decided to attempt to end my own stupidity, getting up and pushing the appropriate button.
	Later in the day I brought the money to the bank, where I was surprised to meet approving smiles and no problems paying off the mortgage, excepting minor annoyance from the girl stuck counting the cash three times.
	I didn’t know what to do with myself, so I decided to return Butch’s gun as an excuse to barge in on him.  I walked the deer paths in the woods, wanting to feel the day.  It was now early fall and a strong gusty North wind was blowing the red, yellow and brown leaves off the trees, swirling around the ground and many blowing in my face.  The deer paths became less clear, but I made it to Butch’s house, at times using the sun’s location, keeping it behind me and moving further away.
	I saw no signs of activity, but quickly noted a car with which I was unfamiliar.  It would have gotten anyone’s attention, unless they had been around bright orange Lincoln Continentals on a regular basis.  Garishly sitting there displaying its mock lack of conformity, beyond criticism and advertising its conformity with numbers; lots of bucks.  It immediately reminded me of Charlie and further, that if it was Charlie who was here, he was probably not on a mission of mercy.
	I approached the house quickly, the wind and blowing leaves camouflaging any noise I might have made.  When I got to a shadeless window, I saw that two geniuses had my friend Butch tied to a chair.  There was no sign of his parents.  My wild guess turned out to be right.  Big loser, punky Charlie brought a relative.  I couldn’t see if the new “friend” was carrying his calculator.  In fact, no weapons were in evidence.  This struck me as strange.  How could they possibly get Butch tied up without a weapon?  I’ll have to assume something was around somewhere.  I wish I could see it.  Butch didn’t show any signs of having been roughed up -- yet.  You can never predict what non-professionals are going to do.  “Time is of the essence” was my guiding principle and I forgot about unanswered curiosities.  I’d love to get in the front door.  It’s near the family room, so, I can easily get the drop on the two nerds.  I hoped it was open as I didn’t want to make noise breaking it down, which I probably couldn’t accomplish anyway.  I said; “Shit” when I got there and found the door bolted.  I noticed a number of outside windows were only protected by screens.
	I remembered an old trick Butch showed me when he popped a window on my neighbor’s house, about six weeks ago.  Picking the window furthest from the action, I took out my key, inserted it where the screen met the wood, pushed it in as far as I could and twisted it.  Quick success made me think; “Christ, this is easy.”
	I climbed in, pulled out my gun and proceeded as quietly as I could through the carpeted house.  Luckily the two geniuses had their backs to me talking something at Butch.  I walked in the room silently and fired a shot into the ceiling, or so I thought.  It left a mark.  They all turned toward me, showing more surprise than anything else.  One started to bend toward the floor, possibly trying to retrieve a weapon, so I said; “You move and the next one is up your fucking ass.”
	It worked.  Butch said; “Get over here and untie me.”
	I said; “I’ll do you one better than that.”  I pointed my gun at Charlie’s buddy and said; “Untie him.”  When he hesitated a bit too much for my taste, I added; “Now, motherfucker.”
	When he got the ropes loose enough, Butch burst out of the rest, like Hercules breaking his chains and proceeded to pop his dutiful friend in the eye.  Then he retrieved the two guns, which were put under the couch seat, ostensibly for safety, I guess.  Butch put them in his pockets and opened a closet door to get his own.  
	I said; “Okay, Charlie, pay good attention.  I could kill the two of you and get away with it if I wanted to, but I’m a good guy and I don’t want to.  So, what’s the problem?  You’re obviously not hold up men.”
	Charlie said; “I suspected you two were partners and now I’m sure.”
	I said; “So?”
	Charlie said; “It’s against the rules and I want my money back.”
	I said; “Charlie, you know there’s no written rule against playing partners.”
	“Yeah, right, but it’s just not done,” he said.
	“How can you be sure of that?” I brightly retorted.  “Look, Charlie, the bottom line is, no law was broken.  The biggest thing that hurt you was getting a virtually unbeatable hand when someone else got a higher virtually unbeatable hand.  There’s nothing worse that can happen to a card player.  And besides (I swallowed my tongue to say) you’re a good card player.  I bet you’ve won more many times than you lost last night.”
	Charlie sighed and said; “Yeah, I guess.”
	I said; “Okay.  The way I see it, you guys just lost your head a bit.  Sportsmen sometimes do.  Why don’t you guys just walk right out of here and drive away.  No harm, no foul.”
	Charlie nodded at me and he and his friend did exactly as I hoped.  When they took seats in their orange Lincoln Continental, Butch said; “Wait.”  He removed the bullets and gave them their guns back.
	When they left, Butch said; “You did a pretty good job.”
	“Thanks.”
	“You know that I had them right where I wanted them already and was soon going to accomplish the same thing.”
	“Oh yeah.  I just got this nasty habit of being impatient and bored.”
	“Let me see your gun.”
	I said; “Why?” as I handed it to him.
	“I didn’t like the way that shot you fired sounded.”  He rolled the barrel and carried it to the garage and proceeded to change bullets, handing the gun back to me, saying; “This’ll work fine now.  Keep it, it’s yours.”  I never would know that it was only now that he chose to give me the real stuff.  

Chapter 16


	Winter had fallen particularly hard and early this year.  At noon I was looking out my kitchen window, seeing the season’s first snowfall drop from the dark invisible sky.  The countless tiny projectiles quickly spread an inch deep blanket, covering everything the summer gave full bloom to, save the trees still standing out in their bald defiance.  There was no wind, suggesting that the storm would be around a while, perhaps attempting to do what countless other winter storms had failed at in the past; completely covering the hundred year old earth bound trees and their branches.
	Lately Acheron had been in one of her moods where she didn’t want to see anyone, at least not me.  I called her about twice a week, but rather than some amusing opening line, I was greeted by the un-answering machine politely telling me to “Leave a message at the beep.”  Perhaps I was getting too commercial for her tastes.  Perhaps she had already experienced every interesting thing I had in me.  Or, perhaps it was winter, or perhaps it was Tuesday.  Perhaps, I’ll drive right to her house when the roads are again clear.
	Diane was consistent in her behavior, correctly informing me that my winnings would not last a lifetime.  She kindly acknowledged that it would add a few years to our being together.
	Butch and Alice were well ensconced in their 200 year old stone beauty.  I still spent two afternoons per week with him, helping fix up the place.  At last visit three of the rooms, one of them the kitchen, were in good condition.  The bathrooms were the first items refurbished, leaving four more rooms of work.  I was truly happy to see and hear that he and she were together as they had never been before.  They were getting to re-live their aborted sweet teenage dream.  But I always tended to leave shortly after her return from her now part time job at the bowling alley.  Three has always been an odd number, even by a mathematician’s standards.  Butch and I agreed from time to time that we had to get another project going, this time one not involving guns.
	I still keep company with the plastic information boxes, but of late I was playing the radio more.  There were a larger number of possible choices, though my early explorations resulted in many duplications.  In the long run the only improvement is that at least I don’t have to see the perpetrator of the diatribe.  The only thing permanent is indeed change, but the proportions do not impress.
	I shut my friend up to watch the now two inch deep snow persisting in silence.  I considered where I was and where I had been, at least as well as I knew.  Maybe I wasn’t the greatest card player in the world and just got very lucky, recently.  Maybe Butch was the fortunate one and through partnership with him, some good tidings rubbed off on me.  I could easily have been on the other side of that last hand.  I tried to remember what genius first told me that if I keep playing the game long enough I’d get as many winning hands as everyone else.
	I opened the kitchen door and stood on the porch feeling the twenty five degree temperature.  Some snowflakes found my face and body, immediately shriveling on the warmth.  I decided to go back inside lest risk the possibility of attaining the freezing level of the pure, beautiful, one of a kind visitors.  I heard a noise in the woods, looked in that direction and saw a snow covered scared Dalmatian puppy running straight at me.

The End

