

SHOP TILL YOU DROP


By P X DUKE


Copyright © 2020 P X Duke
All Rights Reserved


ISBN 978-1-928161-49-3





Shop Till You Drop is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental. Places mentioned by name are entirely fictitious and purely products of the author’s imagination, and are not meant to bear resemblance to actual places or locations.








Read Order for Jim Nash Stories

Pirate Cay
Thrill Kill Jill
Greetings From Key West
Lost Paradise
No Angels
Mexico Gamble
No Picnic
Fallen Angels
Vendetta
A Girl’s Best Friend
Dead End
No Harbor
Dog Days
Startup Blues
Last Stop To Nowhere / End of Nowhere
Revenge Is Justice
Escape
Wedding Bell Blues
Snap Brim Fedora Caper
Breakdown
Little Girl Lost
Forget Me Not
All The Glitter
Mexico Time
Shop Till You Drop

SEASONAL
Trick or Treat
Helping Santa

OTHER
The Snap Brim Fedora Caper





SHOP TILL YOU DROP

Contents

1  |  2  |  3  |  4  |  5  |  6  |  7  |  8

9  |  10  |  11  |  12  |  13  |  14  |  15  |  16

17  |  18  |  19  |  20  |  21  |  22  |  23


Read Order for Jim Nash Stories


More  |  About


https://pxduke.com  |  author@pxduke.com




ONE


ANYA QUINN’S RETURN TO HOME and family following her Mexican adventure hadn’t gone well. For starters, her father passed suddenly some months later. It was heartbreaking, both for her and for her mother. Her father was the light of her life, as she had been for him. Her mom was devastated, even though her husband had been ill for some time following Anya’s return. Her brother hadn’t taken it well, either. He lit out for parts unknown. He would call occasionally to let them know he was fine.
Sometimes she would wake up in a cold sweat remembering the boat—the go-fast panga—and how things had gone so wrong when they retraced their steps from Cabo to Todos Santos. She wondered if Luz had become one of the desaparecidos. She had never heard from her again, despite promises each had made to be friends for life and to stay in touch.
Then Jim Nash, her savior, had been shot in a car chase and a gunfight with the cartel. She thought everything was about to come crashing down. Somehow, he managed to bluff their way across the line—la frontera, he called it—and in a sense, home. Almost home. It became her turn to get them home to Florida. Somehow, she’d managed that, too. She had drawn strength from somewhere. She had to. She to clean and dress Jim’s wounds. That he refused her entreaties to go to a hospital had only strengthened her will to get them both back to Florida.
Through all of it, her art school scholarship had been put on hold until things got better at home with her mom. Eventually she found herself in Magic City. She had a place to stay in an older four-story apartment block. To help defray costs, she had a roommate. It was a good walk to her classes, but she didn’t mind. It kept her in shape, and she took up jogging around the city to get to know it better.
The cash Jimmy has slipped into her backpack helped pay her living expenses while she was in the city. She’d managed to add to it with part-time jobs. She would live a comfortable life as a student, without worries and concerns for anything but her classes and her training. She’d be forever grateful to Jimmy for that.


JIM GRABBED FRIDAY’S LEASH for a walk with the dog. Maddie called out as they went through the door.
—Don’t you two be stopping on the way downstairs for naps in Friday’s favorite sunbeam.
Friday snorted at his memory of the indignity of being caught out when he and his master had ran upstairs, huffing and puffing in their eagerness not to miss breakfast. It had been raining, and his master hadn’t noticed before they climbed the stairs from the office where they’d been napping. Maddie, his mistress, no slouch in the man and dog department, had sent him cowering to his bed while she lambasted his master for allowing himself to get so out of shape.
—Yeah, but those love handles the bullet went through saved my life.
Hands had flown to hips and Maddie had taken a step back.
—Were it not for those love handles, the bullet would have missed you completely, dear. And one more thing, Mr. Detective. You didn’t even take the time to look out the window or you would have seen it was raining.
Friday didn’t understand what was going on between his mistress and her master. All he wanted was for the sun to come out so he and Jim could get back to snoozing in his favorite office sunbeam. That wasn’t to be. His master took the female seriously, and since forever they’d been going for their morning run as faithfully as man and dog could.
Even in the rain.
Jim pushed open the door to the office building and looked out. Dark clouds obscured the usual Magic City sunshine. Rain poured down in sheets, driven by the wind off the ocean.
—Well, Friday, look at this.
Friday stuck his snout out the door. Heavy raindrops pelted his nose. He scrambled back to the shelter of the entrance.
—That’s how I feel too, dog.
He reached down to scratch Friday behind an ear and pushed open the door, chancing another look. He spotted the car and did a quick assessment of their situation.
—It’s not that far. Let’s go. We won’t get so wet if we hurry.
The pair scrambled to the car. Jim unlocked the door and Friday jumped in behind him. Friday’s cold, wet nose nuzzled an ear and then he settled back in the passenger seat.
—If I didn’t know better, I’d say you called shotgun, dog.
Friday let out a satisfied woof. Jim fired up the convertible Packard and eased the large, heavy car out into the street covered with water.
—Where will we go? Maybe some ice cream.
Friday’s ears perked up and he nosed Jim’s ear in agreement.
—I take it that’s a yes. Just remember, dog, we have to do a bit of outside running before we go upstairs.
Friday wasn’t listening. He was busy churning the words ice cream over in his doggie brain.
Jim pulled the car into the ice cream shop’s small parking lot. The place was dog friendly. He allowed Friday to get out and accompany him into the shop where both were greeted by the friendly, familiar owner.
—I see you two are hiding from the rain again. Maddie better not find out or there’ll be heck to pay.
Friday’s ears perked up at the sound of his mistress’ name. He looked around and tested the air with his nose. Couldn’t see Maddie. Didn’t catch her scent. They were safe. He plopped down beside Jim and waited patiently for what he knew was coming. His tail swept the floor.
—Not a problem. We left her in bed. We’re safe.
—In that case you better stand around in the rain before you go home. Half the neighborhood knows she’ll raise Cain if she catches you two bandits pulling a fast one again.
—Thanks for reminding me. We miss the office sunbeam, don’t we, Friday?
Jim looked down for Friday and found him missing. He was already at the door, wagging his tail. He was waiting patiently for the promised ice cream that he always got to eat outdoors on the small patio beneath the awning.
—All right. Don’t wag your tail off. I’m coming.


FRIDAY RAISED HIS NOSE and sniffed the air at the office door. He put nose to ground and walked up one way and down the other on the sidewalk as far as the leash would allow.
—Come on, dog. It’s wet out here.
Exasperated, Jim held the door open. The dog shook from head to tail and water flew. Satisfied, Friday tested the air again and hesitated before entering. Inside the building, the familiar scent became stronger. Without raising his nose Friday scrambled up the stairs, hot on the trail. Forced to halt half-way up, he barked and nuzzled the obstacle blocking the way.
—Holy shit. Emma! Maddie! Get Emma. Friday. Find Emma. Go. Go.
Friday barked and scrambled up the stairs to the third floor. He barked non-stop until he hit the top step. He halted at the door to his home. Put nose to floor and sniffed. Scrambled past and ran as fast as he could to Emma’s door. He skidded to a halt outside her door and began barking as loud as he could.
Jim eased the woman onto her back. He recognized her instantly. He put fingers to neck and found a weak pulse. He bent to pick the woman up. She called his name in a voice no louder than a whisper.
—Jimmy. Are you still trying to guess my weight? If you really want to know all you have to do is ask.
Anya’s head fell back.
—Emma! God damn it. Where are you?
Friday scrambled down the stairs to the second-floor landing and barked. He paced back and forth, waiting for Jim to arrive with the woman. Emma raced down the stairs.
—Emma.
She halted. Saw the unconscious woman in Jim’s arms.
—My bag. I need my bag.
She banged on Maddie’s door on her way, retrieved the bag, and dashed down the stairs to the second-floor office. She arrived as Jim lowered Anya to the sofa. He took great care not to move her beyond that. Blood streamed from her nose. A swollen black eye stared back at him. A bloody bruise covered a cheek. Purple and red bruises covered her shins.




TWO


EMMA OPENED HER GRAB BAG and shooed Jim to his desk. Friday took the hint and went to sit on his bed between the desks. He looked forlornly from Emma to Jim and back, mostly keeping an eye on Emma as she fussed over the familiar girl. With Emma busy over her, he crept up to the sofa, sniffling and whining. His tail kept still. He wondered what was wrong with the girl. Why wouldn’t she wake up?
Maddie rubbed sleep from her eyes as she walked into the office.
—What’s all the commotion, you two? What’s with the barking, Friday?
The dog sidled up to her and nuzzled her hand. She scratched him behind an ear and he used the opportunity to move beside Anya on the sofa.
—Holy shit. Is that Anya?
Friday barked. A worried Jim got up from his desk and stood over the girl.
—Yes it is. I found her on our stairwell after we came back from our walk in the rain.
The downpour had ceased and the sun was beginning to shine through the office window.
—You mean your drive in the car, don’t you?
—Drat. Friday, you’ve been caught out again.
Friday heard Maddie’s tone and slumped towards his bed. Jim returned to his chair and rolled it into the sunbeam.
—It’s nice and warm over here, Friday. Come join me.
Friday knew better that to disobey his mistress. He ignored Jim’s entreaty and remained where he was, safe on his bed from further shame.
—Oh Friday. Don’t be such a wimp. Go sit in the sun with Jim while Emma does her job.
Jim rocked back and forth in the wooden chair. Concern evidenced by the worried look on his face took over. What had happened to her? Why was she on his doorstep? What was she doing in the city? Her art school scholarship was supposed to happen a year ago. Maybe more. Did she graduate? What the hell was she doing here?
—How is she, Emma? Do we need an ambulance?
Maddie recognized the tone in Jim’s voice and knew he was worried.
—We won’t know until she comes around, Jim. Let Emma do her job.
He hadn’t realized he was talking out loud. He shut up and allowed Emma to work. Finally she stood up and turned to the two of them.
—She’s got a slight concussion. No broken bones or ribs. Plenty of bad bruises. Lots of swelling. It looks to me like someone put the boots to her.
Jim pushed back the chair. Friday got up with him.
—I’ll call 911.
Anya inhaled. Her chest heaved. Her breathing labored.
—No. No 911.
The words came out in a whisper. Jim bent over her.
—Anya—
—No 911.
—Dammit woman. I’ll put you over my knee—
—Yeah yeah. Talk is cheap, Jimmy. You tried that before, remember?
Anya groaned. Her eyes fluttered. Her body shuddered and went still.
—Is she going to be all right?
—She will be. It’ll take a little time.
Jim picked up Anya’s backpack and began going through it. He emptied pockets onto his desk and went through the contents.
—No cash. What do you suppose she did with it?
—Cash?
—Yeah, I tucked 25K into her pack before she left the hospital with her mother. It was for expenses. The scholarship only paid for school, not for living. She must have spent it all.
Anya’s wallet appeared in his hand. He pulled out her student ID and her driver’s license looking for an address.
—Get dressed, Maddie. We’re going to do some detecting.
—We can’t leave her down here. Carry her up to our place. I’ll get the sofa bed made up and then we’ll go. Will you stay with her, Emma?
Emma checked the time.
—I have to be at work in a couple of hours.
Jim looked at the office clock.
—We’ll be back by then. Her place isn’t far.
Jim paced back and forth in the office, waiting for Maddie to call down the stairs to let him know the sofa-bed was ready. He was having trouble believing Anya was in his office. He had even more trouble trying to understand why she had been beaten. Finally, Maddie called down and he lifted the girl off the sofa. She mumbled something. He told her to shut up.
—Stop guessing. I’m a hundred and ten pounds.
—You were 110 in Mexico. Here in Magic City you’re a little heavier.
—A woman has no secrets from the detective in charge, does she?
She exhaled and went quiet as Jim carried her up to the third floor apartment. He put her down gently on the made-up bed in the living room.
—Go back to the office. You too, Friday. You both need to scoot. Emma’s going to help me undress her and check her out more thoroughly.
The pair retreated to wait it out. Jim put his feet up on the desk and rocked back and forth in his chair. He stared out the window, remembering. Friday settled nervously on his bed.
On their drive north from Todos Santos, he recalled Anya’s desire to go to art school. She had a scholarship for the full meal deal. Living expenses would be the killer. Jim figured he had a way to fix that, but he hadn’t let on. Better a surprise than a disappointment if the funds happened to get appropriated by some nameless drug cartel while they were still in Mexico.
Maddie clomped down the stairs in a hurry and stormed into the office, interrupting his thoughts.
—What’s wrong?
—Whoever did that to her deserves a beating of their own.
She walked to her desk and opened a drawer. She removed the automatic in its holster before tucking it into the small of her back.
—Let’s go. Come, Friday.
The dog halted at the foot of the stairs and looked up. He looked from Maddie to Jim and back to Maddie before sitting down.
—You want to stay here?
Friday snorted and started up the stairs. He had already decided on his own he wouldn’t be going anywhere.
—Very well.
Madded passed the flat of her hand in front of Friday’s face.
—Friday.
He stared at her, every muscle in his body alert and tense.
—Guard Emma. Guard Anya. Go.




THREE


JIM PULLED THE PACKARD INTO A SPOT across the street from Anya’s. The building was older with a stucco exterior. It gave it a retro look. Well kept, by the look of the grounds and the building’s exterior. The pair climbed three flights of stairs and found the door. Jim knocked twice and tried the handle. It was open. He looked at Maddie. Her handgun was out already, hanging down by her side.
—What do you think?
She brought up the pistol and gripped it with both hands.
—I can’t see anything. It’s dark. The curtains are closed.
He groped for the light switch and flipped it. Row after row of wheeled racks revealed clothes of every description. Loaded to overflowing, they filled every room they could see. There was barely room to walk. Even the top rungs were draped with items. The duo struggled to make their way through the mess into the apartment.
—Look for her bedroom.
—How will I know?
—How the hell would I know? It will be one or the other, don’t you think?
Maddie squeezed past the tightly packed rows of clothes and found a bedroom. It was filled with shelving. Expensive watches and rings and jewelry and shoes confronted her.
—Come take a look at this.
—I found her room. She’s in this one.
Pen and ink drawings hung pinned to the walls. It was their fastboat adventure re-imagined. Luz and he and Anya in the fastboat. Hair blowing, everyone grinning. There was even one of Dulce. It wasn’t very flattering to the woman. Which was fair, he figured. Dulce had tried to kill them and run off with the prize.
—Holy crap. Can that girl draw or what?
—Help me look for the money. It has to be here somewhere.
—If she hasn’t spent it, you mean.
—She’s frugal, trust me on that. What the hell is with all the clothes and trinkets? What the hell is she doing in here? This isn’t the Anya I know.
—She doesn’t look so frugal to me, Jim.
Maddie looked around at the clothes and accessories piled high in the bedroom.
—It’s been a while. Maybe you didn’t get to know her as well as you thought. What was she doing in Mexico all by herself anyway?
Yeah, what was either one of us doing in Mexico? In his book, what happened in Mexico should stay in Mexico. He didn’t utter word one. That was between him and Anya. He chuckled at the memory of her hanging upside-down in the bar in Cabo. She had been so insulted when he extricated her from the harness in front of everyone and hauled her off to the panga over his shoulder.
—What are you smiling at, detective? 
Jim went down on hands and knees. He reached beneath the bed. Flailed an arm and a hand blindly. Came up with a box.
—I think I found it. It was under the bed.
It was about the right weight. He was happy for the diversion. He opened it and tipped it in Maddie’s direction, displaying the cash.
—She shouldn’t have that much left, should she? She’s been down here a while by now.
—I don’t know, Maddie. We never kept in touch.
That was true. Neither of them had so much as exchanged email addresses, although he was pretty sure that was the old way for her.
—Insta.
—What? Insta what?
He recalled Anya had used the same term. Or something similar.
—Oh for crying out loud, Jim, get into the ‘90s, at least. The online place where you can post photos of stuff.
—Oh. Whatever you say. She mentioned that more than a few times. I never asked about it. I wonder if she uploaded the pictures she took on her phone.
—You can ask her when we get back to the office. Grab some of her things from the closet and let’s get out of here. I feel like I’m waiting for the anti-shoplifting squad to arrive any minute.
—At least it won’t be Boyle.
Jim found a duffle and tossed the money and as much of Anya’s clothes as would fit into the bag.
—Don’t forget underwear.
—You can do that. I am not going through a teenager’s underwear.
—She’s older than that now.
—Even so. It’s not my cup of tea. We’d both be embarrassed if she found out.
—You like her.
—Of course I do. She saved my life, even if she managed to skin my face in the process.
Maddie laughed, remembering Jim’s cut-up face and how Anya had to explain that he had wanted her to shave him before she brought the man back to her. The only razor she had was one she used on her legs.
—Very funny. You’re always using my razors.
—And you’re always complaining about it. Let’s go.


AN UNMARKED POLICE CAR pulled into the apartment block’s small parking lot. Jim recognized the man getting out of it.
—Now what would Detective Boyle be looking for here?
He waited until Boyle entered the building before pulling into the street.
—I think he saw us.




FOUR


MADDIE LOOKED ACROSS AT JIM as he steered the huge Packard through the traffic-filled streets to home. It was rush hour, and progress was slow.
—Maddie, you look like the cat that ate the canary. What are you thinking about?
—I just remembered something. Elephants.
—What?
—All the goods in the apartment. Forty Elephants.
—You’re going to have to do better than that, Maddie. What are you talking about?
He looked across at her, perplexed, as he slowed for a light.
—They were known as the Forty Thieves. Forty Elephants. A group of women at the turn of the last century. They worked London’s high-end stores up until the 1950s, stealing everything that wasn’t tied down. They turned their shoplifted goods over to whoever would buy it. Pawn shops. Thrift stores. That kind of thing.
—So now a bunch of grandmothers has retired to Magic City to carry on in their dotage? I guess it’s possible—
—Very funny, detective. What’s your theory?
Jim knew when to shut up. He pulled the 56 Packard into the reserved spot in front of their building. He’d been happy to pay the city for a larger than normal parking spot for the oversized car.
—You can read about it when we get upstairs, Mr. Detective. I saw something about the group a couple of months ago. It stuck in my mind and now I’m wondering about Anya and what we saw at her place.
—I’m pretty sure she’s not involved, Maddie. She has all the money she needs. I made sure of that.
—Really?
—Yes. I know her. She’s better than that. I even left her a note telling her how to handle the money so it wouldn’t be impounded.
Maddie looked down at the box on the floor in front of her. She raised the lid. It had what was left of Anya’s cash, and it looked like a lot.
—Well, it hasn’t been impounded, so there’s that.
Friday greeted them at the second-floor landing. He scampered upstairs and waited for the pair to catch up before heading into the apartment.
—Someone has missed us. I wonder what’s going on.
Maddie halted on the stairs.
—I think you better talk to your girl, Jim.
—She’s not my girl.
—Maybe not, but she’s the closest thing you have to a daughter or a sister. Whatever she’s into, she’s in big trouble. Why else would she have landed in our stairwell? She’s on your doorstep, dear. Figure it out.
Maddie was right. He needed to have a sit-down with Anya.


Emma had dressed for her paramedic job. She paused long enough to give them an update on Anya’s condition.
—What about the concussion?
Jim was worried about it since Emma had first mentioned the possibility.
—I checked her pretty carefully. It doesn’t look like it after all. No bruises or swelling anywhere on her head except for the nose and cheek. Plenty of bruising elsewhere. You should talk to her about what happened. I only knew her while she was in the hospital bed after your Mexican adventure. She didn’t seem the type to hang with the wrong crowd.
—All right. Thanks, Emma. Maddie is telling me the same thing.
Maddie walked downstairs with Emma, leaving Jim alone with Anya. Awake and lucid, she didn’t look so good. She was even pale against the white sheets on the sofa-bed. And then there was the bruising on her arms. The rest of her was covered by the sheet.
—You want some coffee, sailor?
—Yes please.
Her response came in a faint voice.
—How about a grilled cheese? I’m famous in these parts for my grilled cheese sammiches.
Jim banged pots and pans and generally made enough noise to wake the dead. Which is exactly what he wanted to do. Anya dragged herself out of bed and sat down at the table to wait. He poured her an ice water and managed to keep busy fussing over the stove. Finally he had enough.
—Are you going to tell me what happened? Or would you rather eat it and beat it now that you’re feeling better?
Jim didn’t give her a chance to reply. Instead he gave what he could see a once-over. She sure didn’t look like she was feeling better.
—I, I mean, Maddie and I took your keys and drove over to your place. We brought back a box of cash and some clothes for you.
He kept on.
—What’s with all the goods we found? And why were the cops on the way up just as we left? What’s going on, Anya? Why didn’t you get in touch when you came down here? Did you think we wouldn’t want to see you again? Have you talked to your mother recently?
Anya got up and stood beside him to wait for the promised sandwich. It took about a minute for her to lean against him and proceed to slide to the floor in slow motion. He caught her partway down and carried her back to bed.
—Is that your way of not answering?
Her eyes fluttered and she exhaled a giant breath before inhaling one just like it. She groaned with the effort.
—Spill, sailor, before I put you back in my stairwell where Friday found you.
Friday woofed and went to sit by Anya. She reached to scratch an ear. His tail wagged a mile a minute.
—Oh come on, Jimmy. Friday wouldn’t let you.
Friday stood up and came to sit at Jim’s feet. He wasn’t fooled by the dog, either. Friday smelled the bacon simmering.
—Don’t be too sure of that, woman.
That was all it took. Anya shuddered. Tears streamed down her face. Friday recognized an opportunity and jumped up on the sofa to console her with a snuffle and a cold nose. She giggled through her own snuffling and Jim didn’t order him down. Maybe the dog’s performance would convince the girl it was time to spill. He pretended to fudge with the cooking, trying to keep things light, yet wanting to get serious with her. He fanned the frying pan in her direction.
—Come and get it or I’ll throw it out.
Even Friday couldn’t resist. He heeded the call and jumped off the bed. He had his seat already picked out under the table.
—Friday isn’t supposed to have cheese, but if you want to make friends and influence dogs, just a tiny bit on the crust wouldn’t hurt.
He placed some bacon beside Anya’s plate.
—He really likes bacon. If you don’t, you’d better not dig into that sandwich.
He didn’t have to tell her twice. Anya dug in hard.
—Should I make another?
—What’s in it? I see bacon and tomato. How do you keep the tomato from making it all watery?
—That’s what’s known as a trade secret around these parts. Are you being fussy?
Friday sighed and nudged Anya’s thigh. She passed him a small taste of bacon. He licked his chops and momentarily switched his attention to Jim. The dog seemed to be saying something about how to win friends and influence women.
—Maddie won’t like knowing you’re kissing up to her dog.
—Friday is hers? I thought he was your dog.
—Yeah, that’s a no on that. Friday and I like to think we’re besties, but Maddie puts the kibosh to that idea on a regular basis. Right, Friday?
Friday’s ears perked up at the mention of his mistress, but he was busy concentrating on the bacon Anya kept passing him to pay much attention to what the man had to say on the matter.
—See? He’s a fickle one, too. He’s your bestie now.
Jim turned off the stove and slid another grilled cheese onto Anya’s plate. He took a knife and sliced it crossways into four triangles before giving the plate a spin.
—You’ve been fed and watered, Anya. It’s time to talk.




FIVE


ANYA STRUGGLED TO SIT UP in bed. I waited her out, unsure if she wanted my help. Friday jumped up to sit beside her. He looked expectantly in my direction. I gave up and sighed and went to sit cross-legged at the opposite end of the made-up bed. Satisfied, Friday lay down and waited us both out while keeping a wary eye on the door to the stairs. I think he expected Maddie to show up at any minute to shoo him off the bed.
—I found a place to stay. It wasn’t so far from the school. In an older building but it was clean and seemed like it was well taken care of. Then the landlord told us all he was going to upgrade the place. Everyone had to move.
She hesitated, considering what to say next.
—At school I put a notice on the board looking for another place. I did the same on school’s online student site. An older student sent an email and I went to check her place out. It’s the one you went to.
—Didn’t all those clothes make you want to ask questions?
—There weren’t so many when I first went there. But I did ask, Jimmy. Rosa told me they were all her work. I checked her out. I even looked at her insta. She was an up and comer. I thought the stuff was genuinely hers. None of it had labels. So maybe I should have known, but I was a beginner compared to her. I thought she was all right.
—So you moved in.
—I did. My bedroom was mine at the beginning. I hung some of my work and unpacked what little I had. It was all good.
—I saw your drawings. Maddie thought they were more than pretty good. I did, too, but I already knew you were a fantastic artist.
Anya ignored my compliment.
—She started inviting me to hang out with her friends. They dressed so well. And had plenty of jewelry. Rich. I thought they were rich. They asked to see some of my work, so I showed them my sketch books. They convinced me I was good. I believed them.
—Then what happened?
I could see it already. A young woman from a small town arrives with a scholarship and gets sucked in by big city fakes. Then she begins feeling shabby because her own clothes aren’t the best.
—I went to the parties and the clubs and wondered how they could afford all the cool clothes and shoes and jewelry. That was when they told me how they did it.
I could imagine.
—They admitted they were shoplifting. I didn’t learn about the house break-ins until a couple of days ago. That’s when they insisted that I help them. I guess they thought they told me too much.
And they needed to make her as guilty as they were to shut her up. That’s why the beating.
—Who beat you?
—One of their fences. I saw him at the clubs talking to them. More than one, actually. But he was the one that said I had to do what they asked or I’d get hurt real bad.
If what happened to her wasn’t bad enough, I’d hate to see how real bad would go for her.
—What do you want to do, Anya?
My phone chose that moment to ring. It was Maddie announcing that Don Boyle was on his way into the building with another cop.
—How long have you been standing by the window?
—Since leaving you two alone. How’s it going?
—She’s told me enough to know you were right about the Elephants.
—Gotta go. He’s here. I’ll try and cover for you.


I trusted Maddie to take care of Boyle. But what about me? What was I going to do about Anya? She was in a real pickle. If she wasn’t careful, she’d find herself in more trouble than even I could get her out of. And with Boyle sniffing around—
That couldn’t be good.
—I’m going downstairs to talk to Maddie.
Friday jumped off the bed at the sound of Maddie’s name.
—Stay, Friday. Keep Anya company.
As far as Friday was concerned, that was permission. He didn’t waste a second. He jumped up on the bed and settled in beside Anya. He wheezed his content and didn’t mind the ear-scratching, either.


I walked in on Maddie and Boyle deep in discussion about the Packard and whether or not he’d seen it earlier. He pulled out his phone and brought up some pen and ink sketches. I recognized them immediately. They were the same ones hanging on Anya’s bedroom wall.
—Do you recognize the man in the sketches, Nash?
I took his phone and scrolled through the images.
—He seems vaguely familiar, but I’m not sure. Who is it supposed to be?
Boyle pocketed his phone.
—I think we both know who it is. Don’t make it difficult for me, okay? We’ve been friends for too long.
I looked in Maddie’s direction and she nodded and headed for the door. I took my seat behind the desk and invited Boyle to sit while I brought him up to speed on what happened with Anya. I didn’t mention the box of money. I didn’t mention that Anya was upstairs, either, but we both knew he knew. He wasn’t an experienced police lieutenant for nothing.
—I’ll bring the girl in first thing in the morning, okay?
—I knew you’d end up seeing it my way. Make sure she’s there at noon. I’ll be expecting you both. Or will it be all three?
—We’ll surprise you, I promise.
We shook hands and that was that.
Don Boyle had helped me out when I was starting my business. He made sure I got a concealed carry. His wife, Nancy, and their daughter had taken a liking to Friday. I think they liked me, too, but I’d never figure why. Maddie and I got invited over from time to time for a great meal. Friday would head off upstairs for a tea party with Tricia, their young daughter.
So yeah. I kind of owed him. I wondered how Anya would take the news and then I decided I wouldn’t tell her until tomorrow after a late breakfast.




SIX


WITH BOYLE OUT OF THE WAY until tomorrow, I was left to worry about Anya’s safety. She hadn’t appeared to be overly concerned about it herself. I didn’t want to alarm her, but I knew eventually I’d have to convince her otherwise. I filled Maddie in on what Anya had told me.
—What do you think? Can we fix this? Anya doesn’t need this in her life. She’s just starting out.
—Yes, and you owe her, too. Thanks to her you’re home in one piece.
—Well, I did get her out of Mexico and on the road to home.
Maddie put her hands on her hips and I knew right off I was in for something.
—Don’t take this the wrong way, but I’m pretty sure you’d be disappeared or languishing in a Mexican prison if it weren’t for her. The building we now own would be long lost, and I’d be struggling to make a living while Friday and I were looking for a new man to support us.
I wasn’t going to touch that one with a ten foot pole. Instead, I kept my mouth shut tight and let her go on.
—Judging by what I saw in that Cabo video, all three of you were in the shit. Masks or no masks.
It was true, and I knew it, but did I want to admit it?
—Yeah, you’re right.
Okay, so I did want to admit it. Maddie rolled her chair over to my desk.
—So what are we going to do with her?
—I have an idea.
When Maddie finished her explanation, I wasn’t convinced. Was Anya even capable of doing what Maddie wanted? Sure, the girl had proved her mettle down Mexico way—
—We won’t know until we ask her.


FRIDAY DIDN’T HAVE A CARE or a worry in the world. He knew his mistress was downstairs with Jim. He sighed. He snuffled. He was comfortable on the sofa bed beside Anya. It was nice and warm, almost like being in his favorite office sunbeam with the man. He stretched out. Opened an eye. It was dark. He closed it and went back to sleep and a doggie dream about ice cream. He didn’t hear his mistress coming up the stairs.
—Where’s Friday? Did Anya take him outside? She shouldn’t have done that without asking.
I checked the wall hooks.
—His leash is still here.
Even worse. She took him without it.
—I don’t think so, Maddie. She’s still in bed.
The sheets rustled. Someone moved beneath them.
—Are you decent? Jim is with me.
Friday woofed and scrambled out from underneath the comfortable warmth of the sheets.
—You are not a good boy, Friday. You know you’re not supposed to be up on the furniture.
The dog jumped down from the bed and dragged his tail to his bed in the kitchen.
—Anya isn’t here. Where is she? Friday?
It took Friday forever to return the living room. He was behaving like it was his last walk.
—Where is Anya, Friday? Did she run off on you?
The dog looked from Maddie to Jim and down the hall. He jumped up on the bed and looked at the pair, as if to say She’s right where I left her. He plopped down on his rear on the sofa bed. He snorted, proud of himself for finding the girl for them.
Jim called out from the bedroom.
—She’s not down here, either.
—Well that has got to be a first. Friday was so content to be in bed with Anya that he lost track of her. Her bag is gone, too.
Ever more confused, Friday trampled over the bed, searching for Anya. He nosed at the covers, earnest to shift them and discover Anya
—Don’t try and cover for yourself, Friday. Your new bestie ran off on you.
Jim pulled out his phone and called a number. He let it ring.
—I stole her number—and she’s not answering. Straight to voicemail. Where could she have gone?
—I’m thinking back to her apartment. Why wouldn’t she? I don’t think she has anywhere else to go. You talked to her. Did she mention anything?
—No. Let’s go check out her place again. Come on, Friday. This is a family affair now after she hoodwinked you, too.
Friday wasn’t so sure he wanted to go. He knew he was in trouble. He looked up at Jim. He seemed okay. His mistress didn’t appear to be so relaxed.
—It’s all right, dog. She fooled us, too. Now’s your chance to make it up to us. Come along. You can ride shotgun.
Jim regarded Maddie with a bemused smile.
—Well you’re one to be happy about this turn of events. Don’t forget we promised to bring Anya in to be interviewed by Boyle first thing tomorrow.
She shrugged.
—It is what it is. Maybe we can get ice cream on the way home.
That was all Friday needed to hear. His tail whipped like a flag in a strong wind. His ears perked up and he headed for the door. He waited patiently for someone to open it. He scampered down the stairs, all the way to the ground floor.
—I think we better arm up. Who knows what’s happening at her place with those people she’s hanging around with. I wonder if that’s the problem right now. If they found out about us—
—Do you suppose that’s possible? They tailed her here?
—Who knows? Better safe than sorry. She’s gone. I need to know why she didn’t tell us what it is that’s scaring her.
—I think we know the answer to that.
Maddie moved to retrieve her handgun from her desk drawer. She nudged the holster for the five-shot and it spun towards her. Empty. She pulled the drawer all the way open. It was definitely gone. She rushed down the stairs to the car. Her lips pursed, wondering what would be next with the woman.
—Friday, change in plans. Get in the back. Jim, there’s something you need to know.
Friday got out and Maddie held the seat for him. He jumped in the back behind Jim.
—The five-shot is missing.
He looked at her incredulously and slumped behind the wheel.
—You’ve got to be kidding. Are you sure?
Maddie looked like she wanted to punch his shoulder.
—Yes. I’m sure. Now let’s go before she gets in more trouble.
Friday nuzzled the back of Jim’s neck with a cold nose, as though trying to tell him to hurry up and find Anya. Satisfied, the dog settled on the back seat. He looked from side to side and then straight ahead as Jim pulled out into traffic.
—I swear. That dog of yours is spoiled rotten, thanks to you.
—I’m not the one cooking bacon for him in the morning, detective.
—Well, yeah, there’s that, I guess. But you’re the one enjoying the chopped bacon in the grilled cheese sandwiches.
Friday didn’t care. He nosed Jim’s ear and made a fuss when the man reached back to pat him. It pleased the dog to no end. His tail swished against the back of the car seat and he continued to keep an eye out the window, just in case.
Maybe his new friend Anya was out there somewhere.




SEVEN


JIM MADE SURE TO PARK the Packard out of sight of Anya’s building. He put Friday on the long leash and allowed the dog to take the lead. With nose to sidewalk, Friday snuffled and sniffed and hurried ahead, tugging Jim after him. Maddie brought up the rear. The threesome circled the block and came up with nothing. They switched to a route that moved them closer to Anya’s, and circled again, with no results. Finally, Jim led Friday around the building, still hoping the dog would pick up the girl’s scent.
—She’s not here, Jim. Friday would have her by now if she was.
Jim wouldn’t consider for a minute they were wasting time.
—We’re not done. Be patient, woman. Maybe she hasn’t come home yet. Maybe she’s out with her boyfriend. Maybe she’s out with her friends. Maybe—
—Maybe maybe. She snookered us. I don’t care how well you think you got to know her in Mexico. She fooled us. It’s been a year or more since I saw her in that news report and then the hospital with you. All three of you looked like a sicario hit squad with those masks. I was worried sick—
Jim didn’t know what to say. He had done the Mexico trip alone. Left Maddie at home, knowing she’d be safe. Knowing too she’d be worried about him. That he hadn’t let her know where he had gone made it worse. Even his return with enough money to buy their building didn’t matter. She hadn’t even waited until he got out of the hospital before she lit into him about not staying in touch.
—The only way I knew it was you was how you protected the girl. You had her behind you the same way you had me behind you that time, remember? And you were firing like I don’t know what until the other one reloaded. I about crapped my pants. Emma, too. She watched the whole thing unfold with me.
He made a feeble attempt to change the subject.
—Luz. Her name is Luz.
Maddie looked at him.
—She saved my bacon on the fastboat ride back to Todos. Anya’s too. When we were done with the boat she blew it out of the water so no one else could use it.
He hadn’t told Maddie about losing his old friend, César and his wife. What was the point?
—That’s her block on the right. Are we going in?
—Do you have a key?
At her door, Jim pulled something better out of his pocket and jimmied the front door lock. They proceeded into the lobby, past the mail boxes.
—Let’s go call on our friend. Come, Friday, you sleepyhead. You’re the one let Anya get the better of you.
Friday snuffled at the now familiar sound of the girl’s name. Jim led the dog up three flights of stairs to the fourth floor. Friday padded down the hallway, nose to floor. He hesitated at each door until he recognized a familiar scent.
—Speaking of being too smart for one’s own good—
Friday stopped at the door he recognized as his new friend’s. Her scent was strongest there. He plopped down and waited for one of them to open the door. When nothing happened, he snorted. Still there was nothing. What was the problem? He’d found his friend. He barked to announce it once and for all.
—Well, it looks like Friday is hoodwinked again.
Maddie called to her dog.
—Anya isn’t here, dog. She’s hiding out on us.
—Or she’s been kidnapped.
Maddie looked at Jim like he was in a bad dream.
—So then, you’re saying someone, or two or three, climbed two sets of stairs. Passed our office with the open door. Walked into our apartment where Anya was asleep with Friday on her bed—speaking of which, bad dog, Friday—and hauled her off to parts unknown. Do you really want to go there?
Friday couldn’t tell whether he was being scolded for losing his new friend or not.
—Well, since put it that way—
Maddie crinkled her eyes in frustration and looked at Jim . Friday knew better than to interrupt his mistress.
—Yes, I have to put it that way. Friday wasn’t so fast asleep that he would have missed something like that. Even if his head was buried beneath the nice warm covers. Right, Friday? Now let’s get out of here.
—Wait. Don’t you want to check it out anyway?
Jim pulled out his lock picking tools and worked the lock. He had the door open in seconds, and they traipsed into Anya’s shared apartment.
—Would you look at that. There’s nothing here.
Friday tugged at the leash and Jim let him go. He wandered from room to room finally settling in Anya’s bedroom. Her scent was strongest there.
—No Anya, either.
Jim made for the girl’s bedroom. Checked the closet. Pulled open dresser drawers.
—There’s nothing left but clothes racks. It’s all gone but the furniture.
—She left these behind.
Maddie studied the drawings taped to the wall in Anya’s bedroom. Scenes of the three of them on the open water of the Pacific dominated the sketches, but there were some of Jim and Luz by themselves.
—You’d better take them, Jim. It’s obvious they meant something to her or she wouldn’t have put them up.
He gathered the sketches and was about to roll them up when he noticed the black portfolio case against the back wall of the closet. He opened it on the bed and placed Anya’s work into it for protection.
—All right. Happy now?
—No, but I bet Anya will be when she finds out you saved her work.
—Thanks to you, you mean. I’d never have thought of it.
Maddie took a last look around the apartment.
—I’m thinking that if she left her portfolio here, she hasn’t been back. She’s hiding out.




EIGHT


JIM CLOSED THE DOOR to Anya’s apartment and the three proceeded down the hall to the stairwell. A door opened. Friday halted mid-stride. He tugged at Maddie’s grip on the leash, forcing her to stop. He changed direction and backtracked to the door.
—What is it, Friday? What’s wrong?
A female voice called out.
—Jimmy? What are you doing here?
Friday woofed and wagged and rushed to the door to greet his friend. Maddie called him to heel. He obeyed, reluctantly, and sat by her side. He looked up at his mistress and whimpered, as if to say, See? I found her after all. What’s the fuss?
Maddie unhooked Friday and he bounded towards Anya. She dropped to her knees and Friday slid into her, almost bowling her over. She recovered and leaned against Jim.
—Well, Jim, I think Friday has definitely made a new friend. She can’t be so bad after all, can she?
Jim wasn’t convinced.
—Anya, how did you get out of bed and sneak off with Friday sharing the bed? Oh, and Friday, bad dog for being up on the furniture.
Jim grinned at Maddie. She ignored him. Friday didn’t care. He had his new friend to contend with now.
—Oh I raised the covers and he snuggled up and then I fell asleep. When I woke up Friday was so warm and content beneath the sheets he was barely breathing. It was easy.
She reached down to scratch the dog and he settled on the hallway floor and rolled over with feet waving feverishly in the air.
—Yeah, he can be a pushover sometimes if he likes you. We like you too, Anya. Jim and I were worried sick about you. Surely you must have known that.
—Whose place is this? Are you safe here? It’s barely across the hall from your place. What’s going on? Why did you take off? You’re not well enough yet. Hell, you aren’t even over the beating. If Emma was here—
He trailed off, barely content that he’d found her, yet worried that she would get herself in trouble with her former friends.
—You need to come with us. Now, Anya. Get your things. Maddie, go with her. See that she does what she’s told. Friday, you go too. Go with Maddie.
He almost said Anya, but caught himself at the last second.
—I’ll be downstairs checking IDs on the mailboxes, in case anyone wonders.
The women hadn’t moved. Neither had Friday. He was content to be on his back. Anya’s fingers were still busy with his tummy.
—Come on. Get moving. The three of you.
—Yes master Jimmy.
Maddie grinned and eased Anya past the door and into the apartment.
—You’ve got his number, don’t you, girl? Friday’s too, by the look of it.
The women met Jim in the lobby, sitting contentedly in an easy chair positioned to keep an eye on the stairs and the entrance.
—You’ve got a full day tomorrow, Anya. I promised Detective Boyle I’d bring you down to the station for an interview. When we get home Maddie and I will sit down with you and try to figure a way out of this before you get yourself in any deeper.
Maddie opened the car door and pulled back the seat. Friday jumped in ahead of Anya and positioned himself behind the driver’s seat. Maddie slipped into the front beside Jim as he called out.
—Who wants ice cream?
Friday barked and stuck his cold nose against Jim’s neck.
—Bad dog, Zelda, I mean Friday. Stop it or no ice cream for you.
The dog did it again and all three broke out laughing at his antics.
—That’s better, Friday. It’s good to see that I’ve got you trained up properly. Now if I could only get your mistress to listen—
He didn’t get out another word before Maddie drove her knuckles into his arm.
—What’s that you say, Mr. Detective? Be careful, or you’ll be the one with no ice cream, and I’m not talking about the kind you buy at an ice cream parlor.


FRIDAY’S ANTICS KEPT THEM LAUGHING while Jim did the driving. They picked up ice cream to go and the foursome piled out of the car at the office.
—He never does that when I’m driving, Anya. I think he knows better.
—Yeah, like he knows how to stay off the furniture. You taught him that, too, didn’t you, Maddie?
Maddie looked at Anya and rolled her eyes.
—Men. Do you know any good ones, Anya?
—Well, I thought I did.
She looked down at Friday.
—Until I met this one.
—You know, Anya, I think I agree with you. Jim? Do you have anything to add?
Jim didn’t. He was smart enough to know when to keep his mouth shut, especially with two women in the room. He even changed the subject.
—Anya needs to go to the gun range first thing tomorrow, Maddie. I’ll call Harry and set it up for her.
Maddie frowned.
—I can’t take her. I have a thing tomorrow. So does Anya. Remember your friend Boyle?
Jim had forgotten all about his promise to bring Anya to the station.
—All right. We’ll go as soon as Boyle is done with her. In the meantime, why don’t you show her that small apartment between ours and Emma’s? But I’m warning you, Anya. It’s going to take a lot of work if you decide you want it.
Maddie gave Jim the dirty, as if to ask why he didn’t check with her first. He ignored her and went on.
—Now, what about the cash, Anya? Do you have a safety deposit box to store it? You can’t keep running around with a backpack full of cash and nowhere to spend it. Right, Friday?
Friday barked. He didn’t know why. He just knew that it seemed to be expected. Maddie wasn’t so sure. She had a question for Anya that needed asking.




NINE



—WHERE’S THE GUN, ANYA?
Anya’s bug-eyed expression suggested she didn’t believe that she had been found out. She froze, like a deer in the headlights. She wanted to lie. Instead, she opened her bag and was about to reach in.
—Leave it there. I’ll get it. Hand over the bag.
Maddie flashed Anya with a look of disapproval as she snatched the handbag from the girl’s hands.
—What were you going to do with this? Do you even know how to shoot?
Anya looked defiantly across at Jim, waiting for him to say something. When he didn’t, she sighed and sat down.
—Well, I know how to shoot an AK47.
Maddie looked at Jim in disbelief. She couldn’t believe what she’d just heard.
—You showed her how to shoot the AK? What’s wrong with you?
—Well, I had to sight it in. I thought it was a good excuse to show her that guns weren’t all they’re cracked up to be.
—Yeah, I can see how that worked out. Anya, Jim and I talked about turning you into an informant. If the Elephants are satisfied the beating did its job, they’ll take you back in their group.
I clenched my jaw. I believed we had agreed not to use that ploy.
—What’s the point? They weren’t affecting us. Anya is the one in trouble. She needs protection. She doesn’t need to go back to the gang and get beaten up again. Or worse.
—Well—
I waited.
—I could go back to the group and spy on them for you. Or the police.
There it was again. This time, it was Anya who brought it up.
—Being a CI isn’t for the faint of heart, Anya.
—CI?
—Confidential informant. You’d be in even more danger than before. Deadly danger, to be exact. If they found out—
—How would they find out?
—You’d lose your nerve and they’d pick up on it right off. And that’s just for starters.
I thought back to the Baja beach where we’d taken a break. The three cabrones had Anya in their sights, and she knew it.
—You didn’t have a magazine in that AK back on the beach, Anya. You completely blew it.
—I blew it because I didn’t have time to load the AK. I knew there was no mag hanging off of it. I bluffed. Wouldn’t you?
I looked at her in a new light. She was one cool customer if that was the case.
—You wouldn’t lie to me about that, would you?
Maddie looked from the girl to Jim. Frustration crinkled her eyes.
—Did I hear you two right? Anya? Please tell me it isn’t so.
Anya’s gaze shifted from me to Maddie.
—There’s an old saying. What happens in Mexico stays in Mexico.
It was all Maddie could do to shake her head.
—I give up. Friday. Come. We both need a break. James, take this woman to Harry and the range tomorrow. The sooner, the better.
She hesitated at the doorway.
—Or else.
With that, Maddie and her dog proceeded up the stairs to the apartment. I was left to open the five-shot and unload it.
—Well, I guess I’ve been told.
I opened a drawer and rustled paper, searching for a form. I handed it across to Anya.
—Fill that out. Pronto.




TEN


MADDIE APPROACHED ANYA at the breakfast table.
—Hold up your hand.
Anya put down her fork and sighed at the interruption. She hesitated before holding out her left hand.
—Are you left-handed?
She shook her head and switched hands. Maddie met the girl’s palm with her own. She held it there before pulling away.
—It’ll be a good fit, Jim.
The girl looked from Maddie to me and back.
—What are you talking about?
—Jim is taking you to the gun range today.
—I thought—
I interrupted.
—After your meeting with Boyle. I want to talk to you about that.
—Now?
—Right here and right now, Anya. Lieutenant Boyle, Don, is a mutual friend. He and his wife Nancy and their daughter Tricia have spent a lot of time with us, as we have with them. We trust them. They’re good friends and good people. We’ve been in the shit together and gotten out of some close scrapes.
Anya studied Jim’s face. He had a familiar look that she knew not to interrupt.
—You will tell Lieutenant Boyle the truth. You will answer every one of his questions truthfully and to the best of your ability. You will not make shit up.
Anya looked across the table. I had only one word for her. It was a question.
—Understood?
Anya only nodded. Notwithstanding that, I think she got it. It was Maddie who asked the question.
—Got it?
A tight-lipped smile appeared on Anya’s face. 
—Yes. I get it. I get it. I’ll do my best.
—Good. Don’t screw up again.
I thought Maddie was being a little harsh on the girl.
—Maddie—
—I mean it, Jim. We took her in. She ran off and we were forced to go looking for her, thanks to you and your off the reservation Mexico trip. If she screws up again, it’s all on her. It’ll be her last as far as I’m concerned. You can chase after her on your own.
Anya didn’t look up from her plate. She was embarrassed. Her face wasa bright pink.
—She means it, Anya.


BOYLE MADE US WAIT DOWNSTAIRS at the precinct, but I didn’t mind. It gave me a chance to go over everything with Anya one more time. I made sure to emphasize that she was to tell Boyle the truth, because if she didn’t, I’d tell him myself when I found out otherwise.
—And believe me, I’ll find out.
—That’s good to hear, Detective. Young lady, come with me.
Boyle led Anya off. I knew where he’d be taking her. I’d been in more than one of the interrogation rooms myself. He’d be pushing her hard. I hadn’t told Anya that she might be hauled into one of the rooms. I hoped it rattled her enough that she wouldn’t try to lie her way out of anything.
Forty-five minutes later, Boyle reappeared with a grin on his face and a laughing Anya. It had to be a good sign.
—She was just telling me how she hoodwinked Friday into sneaking off without waking him up. I’d give anything to have seen Friday sitting on that empty bed and looking so proud that he knew where she was. I can’t wait to tell Nancy and Trish.
I smiled too, but not because of the story. I smiled because Boyle appeared happy with what Anya had revealed during the interrogation.
—I wish I had a camera at the ready. Poor Friday didn’t waste time slinking out of the room when he found out he’d been hoodwinked. And by his new bestie, too.
I reached into a pocket and took out the form I had Anya fill out.
—I have a new employee at the agency. Do you think you could handle this for me?
He knew what it was. He pocketed the paper and nodded.
—Not a problem. I’ll see to it when I can. Just so you know, I don’t think it’s a bad idea, considering what happened. I checked her record before you brought her in. She doesn’t have one, but you probably know that already.




ELEVEN


WE MADE FOR HARRY’S GUN SHOP, where I introduced him to Anya. Unbidden, she stuck her hand across the counter. A surprised Harry gripped it and almost shook it off before letting go.
—So you and Maddie have another one, do ya? Glad to make your acquaintance, Anya. It’s always nice to see one more female face around here. I haven’t seen Emma in a while. She must be busy with work.
Emma had proved to be keen on her paramedic career.
—Now that she has experience under he belt she’s taking more shifts to make extra cash. We haven’t seen much of her either. I think she wants to buy a car. I told her she could use mine any time she wants but it’s probably not modern enough.
—Emma was around when I needed her, Jimmy.
Harry raised an eyebrow. Jim had filled him in on his Mexican vacay of sorts, but still, he hadn’t given him the whole picture.
—Jimmy? Now there’s a new one.
—Don’t even ask, Harry. I can’t explain it either.
Harry gave Anya the once-over.
—Jim told me about finding you on his stairwell.
Anya blushed.
—She didn’t know it at the time, but I was wondering what became of her. The way I found her wasn’t the way I wanted to find out, though.
—I bet. Well, get to it, you two. I reserved lane 10.
—Thanks, Harry. Come on, woman. It’s time I taught you how to shoot properly.
I led Anya to lane 10. We passed only a few customers on the way. I opened the bag and took out the holstered Ruger LCR.
—We keep this one in the office. It’s usually in Maddie’s desk, but then you know that.
I placed it on the table.
—What’s the first thing you’re going to do?
—I’m going to ask you to show it to me. I’ve never seen a revolver before.
—Good. Admitting ignorance about a firearm is not a bad thing.
I took it out of the holster. Tipped it to show her the slide. Pushed it and pressed open the cylinder.
—It’s a five-shot. Hammerless. Do you know what that means?
—Not really. No hammer, I’d guess.
—Have you ever watched an old western? Or a modern one?
—Not recently. But yeah.
—Then maybe you noticed how a lot of those movie gunfighters fanned their weapon with the opposite hand. Like this.
I closed the Ruger, pointed it downrange, and fanned it they way they did in the movies.
—See what I mean?
Anya nodded.
—There’s no hammer to fan on this little 5-shot. It can’t be cocked for the next shot by fanning. In any event, even if there was a hammer, that’s not how we’d do it today.
I handed over the revolver and watched as she opened the cylinder.
—Good. You remembered.
—I remember a lot of things.
It was my turn to blush and she smiled at me.
—All right. Let’s get busy. Load and close. And remember, always stay in front of me. Never behind me. I’ll make sure, but if I forget, you’re responsible for making sure I’m behind you. Understood?
—Yes master.
It was a smartass response, but I knew it was her way of letting me know she got it.
—This isn’t a long range handgun. It’s meant for close-in work.
I hesitated. I wanted to be certain she was concentrating on what I was saying.
—Close-in, as in some jerk wants your handbag or your wallet. Instead of handing it over, you reach in. He thinks you’re going to come up with your wallet. Instead, you come up with the hammerless.
Except.
—Except, it depends on the situation. You might have to hand over the whole enchilada before you get a chance to do that. Know your adversary. If he or she is pointing a handgun at you, it may be better to give it all up.
—I think I get it.
I went on.
—You can stuff it in a pocket if your pants aren’t too tight. It won’t show. Because there’s no hammer to catch on anything, you can haul it out in a hurry. It’s ready to go. All you have to do is point it and pull the trigger. And that is a hammerless handgun in a nutshell.
—Can I shoot it?
—We’ll dry-fire it first. Pick it up and close the cylinder.
I had her aim down-range. Told her to pull the trigger when she felt like it. Made her listen to the action to help get a feel for it. I didn’t get her down with proper grip or stance. I wanted her to get a feel for the trigger pull. When I was satisfied, I told her to load. Anya flipped the cylinder open and loaded five .357 rounds and snapped it shut.
I held out the ear protectors.
—Not before you put these on.
She fussed with the ear protectors, taking them off and putting them back on, until she was satisfied. She reached for the pistol, flipped the cylinder open to check it was loaded, and closed it. I hated to admit it, but I was impressed. I didn’t let on.
—You’re good to go.
I moved behind her.
—Hold it up. 
She raised it with one hand.
—Use both hands.
I reached around and covered her hands with mine.
—Use both hands to support the weapon. It will make for greater accuracy with the extremely short barrel.
I didn’t say anything about shaking so hard she wouldn’t be able to hit anything. She’d learn that on her own.
—Look at the target. Pull the trigger.
Her body stiffened. She flinched. I knew she would. The gun went off and she flinched again. I figured she closed her eyes, too. Most did, at first.
—Pull the trigger again.
I kept my hands over hers.
—Again. And twice more. That’s it. Now put the handgun down on the table and take off your protectors.
—Those really work.
—Yes they do. Now open the cylinder and push out the empties.
Five empty casings clattered onto the stainless table.
—Put it down with the cylinder open.
When her hands were empty I pointed to the button on the wall.
—Use that to take a look at your target.
The motor whined and the target flapped. When it arrived she studied it. Looked at me. Studied it again.
—There aren’t any holes. I didn’t hit anything.
—That’s okay. That’s why it’s called practice. Send it back to that first marker.
She looked at me doubtfully.
—It’s not very far.
—You’ll feel better when you hit what you aim at. You might even want to come back.
On the way out, we stopped to see Harry and I asked him to show her a revolver with a hammer.
—What are you shooting, Anya?
—Harry loaned me the Ruger hammerless he keeps in the office.
—A nice compact handgun. Good for close-in. I don’t think he’s wrong to start you with one of those.
Harry hauled out a Colt Peacemaker, opened the cylinder, and handed it over. She picked it up and closed it.
—It’s heavy. She gripped it with her right hand and pulled the trigger.
—It’s hard to pull.
She gave up on that and tried to fan it the way I had described it to her before handing it back to Harry.
—Thanks for showing me, but I think I’ll go with the Ruger for now.
—A wise choice, Anya. Jim knows what he’s doing.
He winked and I winked back and we readied to leave.
—So long, Anya. Say hi to Maddie and Emma for me.




TWELVE


WITH JIM AND ANYA OUT OF THE WAY for the remainder of the day, Maddie turned her attention to the small, unoccupied apartment on the third floor. They had seen fit to have the place refurbished and remodeled when they took over the building, thanks to the cash Jim had brought back from Mexico. Everything was new. Kitchen and bathroom fixtures. Wallboard. Floors. Lighting. The whole enchilada. It was convenient to use for storage, but it was time to clear out the detritus of old files and the junk she and Jim had accumulated. If Anya chose to move in, she could spring for furniture and decorate it any way she liked.
Emma halted on her way down the hall to her place.
—You’re finally going to rent it out. Any takers yet?
—Anya of course. If she wants it. She’ll have to furnish it on her own.
—Well, it’s none of my business, but I think she can afford it. It’s a bit of a hike to her classes, but she’s young.
Maddie smiled at Emma.
—Yeah, look who’s calling her young. Like you’re such an old.
Emma held up her hands and retreated through the door.
—Never interrupt a woman when she’s doing a man’s job. Come, Friday. I have treats.
Friday woofed and traipsed off after her. Maddie called after the pair.
—Don’t be like Jim and forget he’s my dog.
Friday’s ears perked up at the familiar my dog. He trotted back and stuck his head in the door. He barked once and carried on with his hasty retreat to Emma’s and the promised treats. Maddie called after him.
—I’m glad you remember me, Friday.
Maddie wrung out the mop. Dumped the bucket of dirty water down the sink. Rinsed the rags and cleaned up after herself. She stood at the door and admired her handiwork.
—If I ever want to marry a handyman, I’ll marry myself.
—What’s that you say, Maddie?
She turned to greet Jim.
—Oh nothing. Where’s Anya?
—She’s putting the Ruger away in the office. What have you been doing?
He barely recognized the apartment with the junk disappeared and the place spic and span.
—I was thinking we could rent it out to Anya. If she wants it, that is. What do you think?
—I think you’re an old softie for punishment. We should think about it over ice cream.
Friday, busy licking the final taste of a bite of toast covered in jam from Emma’s fingers, perked up his ears. He recognized another familiar phrase. He trundled off to the open door of her apartment, stuck his head out, and woofed. Emma was accustomed to Friday’s almost human antics.
—You are one fickle dog, Friday. But I think I heard it too. Let’s go.
Emma closed her door and followed Friday as he scampered down the hall to his mistress.
—Did someone say ice cream?
Jim snickered.
—Maddie? Did you hear that? Friday can talk.
—Ignore him, Emma. He gets jealous whenever Friday runs off with you. It’s even worse now that Anya is Friday’s new bestie.
—I am not jealous. I just want to be sure Friday knows the difference between bacon and toast and jam, right dog?
Friday knew who cooked his bacon. He immediately sat down beside Jim and looked up at him with a mournful gaze. For his efforts it got a pat on the head and an ear scratch from his favorite cook.
—All right, everyone. Is my team ready for ice cream?
Friday barked. Maddie headed for the stairs. Emma ran down to lock her door. Jim traipsed after them and halted on the second-floor landing.
—Are you coming, Anya? We have a deal we need to discuss.
There was no response. He stuck his head into the empty office. He opened the desk drawer where they kept the handgun. It was there. He closed the drawer, hesitated, and opened it again. He picked up the holster. The gun was missing. The empty holster had been arranged to make it look like it was still in the drawer.
—Damn that woman. What has she gone and done now? I swear, I should have put her over my knee—
Maddie and Emma, waiting at the bottom of the stairs, overheard him muttering. They looked at one another with an unspoken oh-oh expression.
—Jim? What’s going on? Who are you talking to?
—Not Anya. She’s missing. With the handgun.




THIRTEEN


IT TOOK SOME DOING, BUT Maddie and Emma convinced Jim to take them for the promised ice cream anyway. He wasn’t a happy camper with Anya gone missing for the second time. With the handgun. He made the best of it when Friday nudged his neck from the back seat with a cold nose and a snuffle.
—Is that dog messing my hair again? It’s bad enough we’re one down, but Friday is starting to get spoiled. Maddie? Emma? It’s all your fault.
Maddie wasn’t having it.
—Starting to get spoiled, the man says. What do you think, Emma?
Emma struggled to pull a heavy Friday across the back seat away from Jim.
—I’d say your dog needs to go on a diet. No more bacon bits for Friday.
—As soon as you stop treating him to tidbits of toast and jam, I’ll see to it pronto.
—Well, Friday, I guess that means no.
Friday ignored them all. He was busy remembering why they were on this trip, and it wasn’t for toast, jam, or bacon.
Jim was deep in thought. He was upset with Anya. Not only had she skipped out again, but she’d taken the handgun. To what purpose, he didn’t know, but he suspected it had something to do with Rose, her roommate in her old apartment. Hell, the woman was wandering around the city with an unlicensed handgun in her bag. If she needed to carry a handgun—
He tried not to think about it.
—Maddie, did Anya know we were making room for her? Did you mention it this morning before we left for Don’s office?
—No, I didn’t get a chance to tell her. I wanted to surprise her when you two got back.
—Dammit. Where could she have gotten to?
Maddie shifted in the seat beside Jim and leaned against the door. Ever since Anya had arrived, things had been going wrong for all of them.
—I’m beginning to think we’re wasting our time with that one. No matter what we do, it’s not enough. This is the second time she’s skipped. And with our firearms, no less.
Jim pulled into the ice cream shop’s small parking lot.
—All right. No more about Anya until we finish the ice cream. Right, Friday? Your new bestie needs a good talking-to.
Friday ignored them all and scampered off to the door of the ice cream shop where he waited for Jim.
—Well, I guess Friday is taking a break from Anya too.
Maddie and Emma made for the umbrella table.
—Look at him go.
—The dog, or Jim?
—Both of them.
Jim met up with the dog at the door before turning to the women.
—We heard you. Our feelings are hurt.
Applause shooed man and dog through the door. When they came out, Jim’s hands were full of ice cream treats.
—Thanks for all the help.
—We knew you could handle it. Now when are you going to start impressing on Anya that she should listen to us?
—Just when I was imagining digging in to my ice cream, you bring that up. I call time out. Now get busy.
He placed Friday’s small bowl of doggie-friendly ice cream on the ground. Friday lapped it up like it was the last treat he would ever see. Half-way through his bowl, he looked up at everyone. His former black nose was a distinct white. He licked his chops and bent to the task of finishing off the bowl.
—At least someone is happy to be here. Right, Emma?
—I don’t know about you two, but I’m happy.
She grabbed a napkin and wiped ice cream off her upper lip.
—Friday, are you happy, too?
He ignored her. He was busy licking up the last of his treat.
—See? Friday’s happy, too. What’s with you two? You can’t do anything about Anya. She has to figure it out on her own. Personally, if someone was going to let me move into a brand new place, I’d be kissing some butt, but I guess she doesn’t know about it yet.
—Exactly what I was thinking, Emma. Now where the hell has she run off to? 




FOURTEEN


ANYA WAITED UNTIL JIM headed up to the third floor before making straight for Maddie’s desk. She opened the drawer to find the five-shot handgun Jim had let her use at the gun range. She slipped it from the holster. Flipped the cylinder open. Loaded it with shells she found in the drawer, then remembered to check the caliber. Assured she had the correct caliber of shells, she closed the cylinder and returned it to the holster. She reached the door and hesitated. She returned to the desk and dropped the holster back in the drawer. She made sure that a cursory glance would make someone think the gun was still there.
She tucked the handgun away in her bag and stuck her head past the office door to look upstairs. Jimmy had disappeared into his apartment. A jumble of voices from the open door covered her escape down the stairs. The instant she hit the sidewalk she took off running. A last look over her shoulder told her Jim hadn’t noticed she was missing. She rounded a corner to make sure she was out of sight for good.
If someone had told her she’d see Jim Nash again after what happened in Mexico, she’d have called them on it. She was embarrassed by the whole fiasco. Every time the thought about it—and she tried not to think about it at all—she’d shake her head at how naive she’d been throughout the entire misadventure.
Go-fast drug boats. A shootout on a Mexican wharf. Almost sinking a Coast Guard vessel. And then Jim getting shot and having to get him home all by herself. She never wanted to see the man again. Not that she had anything against him. It was just that she’d been such a dork the whole time.
And then she ends up deposited on his doorstep. Or had she been? Surely she must have been the one to make her way to his place. Yes. That was it. She must have been thinking he’d be able to help her get out from underneath what she found herself caught up in.
If only she hadn’t been such an incredible teenager when Jimmy needed to depend on her. Not only had she embarrassed herself, she had been an embarrassment to her savior, too.
There was no way she’d ever be able to make that up to the man.




FIFTEEN


THERE HAD TO BE SOMETHING I was missing. Then it dawned on me. Boyle and Anya had been far too friendly when the detective had brought her out following her interrogation-room interview. He hadn’t picked up on it immediately. Thinking back on it now, it was as though they’d come to some kind of an agreement. And they were both happy with it.
There was something else, too, that stood out.
Boyle had taken Anya’s firearm application and not questioned it. This after he had Anya in the interview room. She had been in there for almost an hour. When they came out, they were laughing like a couple of fast friends.
Oh there was definitely something going on, all right.
—Maddie?
—Yes, dear?
Emma and Friday recognized Maddie’s tone. She rarely talked that way. They cleared the room immediately.
—Boyle and Anya are up to something.
I described what happened at the precinct following Anya’s interview.
—Are you sure?
—If I hadn’t seen it, like you I wouldn’t have believed it. I don’t know why I didn’t twig to it earlier. I guess I was too intent on calling Anya out for being disrespectful.
Maddie considered before replying.
—If he’s got her informing on this Elephant thing, she could be in real trouble.
—I agree. And she knows it. Which is why she took the gun.
—But Jim—
—I know. She should have talked to me about it. Or you. What she did isn’t right. But Boyle should have talked to us, too.
—He wouldn’t do that. Anya is over twenty-one. It’s part of his job to ask her. She can choose to agree or not. If she wants to inform for Boyle, so be it. She doesn’t need to consult with us.
What Maddie was saying made sense, of course. The girl didn’t owe us a thing.
—Still—
—No still, detective. I’m going to bed. Leave the office open for her. She can sleep there tonight.
Maddie wasn’t finished.
—If she comes back.


ANYA USED HER KEY on the downstairs door to get into the building. She made her way slowly upstairs to the second floor landing. She tried the office door. It was unlocked. She didn’t turn on the light. She made her way to the sofa in the dark and stretched out. A cold nose greeted her. She reached to scratch the dog’s ears.
—Friday. What are you doing here? Shouldn’t you be upstairs?
Friday padded across the room. He tugged his bed out from the wall between the desks and nudged it into position beside Anya on the sofa. Together they curled up like two peas in a pod, one on the sofa and the other on the floor. It was hours later before Jim ventured down to check to see if his ward had reappeared. Both snored like drunken sailors back from a bender. His curiosity satisfied, he returned to the apartment.
—She’s back. She’s sleeping in the office. Friday moved his bed beside her and he’s sleeping, too.
Maddie yawned.
—It’s time you had a talk with her. The sooner, the better. I’ll have a chat with Friday myself.
—Yes, dear.
Maddie dug an elbow into Jim’s side. He grunted and for good measure checked the clock. It was 4 a.m. Unable to sleep, he considered what he was going to do about Anya. She had to have hooked up with her crew. Elephants, Maddie called them. Forty Elephants.
He’d look it up in the morning.




SIXTEEN


JIM GOT UP EARLY to fix breakfast for Anya and Friday. He figured a nice BLT on rye for Anya and the usual for Friday would do the trick. He loaded the tray for girl and dog and proceeded down the stairs. Friday greeted him at the door, tested the air with a wet nose, and proceeded to back up. Anya did the same, minus the wet nose. He handed her the tray and took Friday’s bowl and set it on the floor. A happy Friday greeted his breakfast bowl with a tail that wouldn’t quit wagging.
Anya moved to set the tray on Maddie’s desk. She rolled the chair out from beneath it and sat down.
—That’s Maddie’s. You can use mine.
She looked up at him. The look on his face told her to clear the tray from Maddie’s desk in a hurry. Jim took over the chair she vacated.
—You have some explaining to do, Anya.
She already had a bite of sandwich occupying her mouth. She chewed uncomfortably, swallowed, and coughed.
—Well? What’s going on? Are you going to talk, or what? You know, if you spent some time here with the people who care about you, you might have learned that Maddie prepared a place to stay on the third floor. She spent most of yesterday getting it ready while we were away at the gun range.
She took another bite of her sandwich. It was obvious she didn’t know what to tell him.
—Are you going to eat it and beat it?
Friday finished his breakfast and nudged Jim's knee for water. He got up and led Friday to the door.
—It’s upstairs. Go see Maddie.
He edged the dog out the door with his foot and closed it. Friday’s indignant bark filtered through the closed door.
—Even Friday has taken a liking to you. He was pretty insulted when you took off on him yesterday. What’s with that?
Anya finished the sandwich, rolled the chair back, and clasped her hands over her stomach.
—I have to pee.
—Tough luck, sailor. Tighten it up and answer me or else.
A tear rolled down Anya’s cheek. He wasn’t fooled.
—I’m waiting, and it better be good.
The girl stood up and looked out the window.
—After the interview with Detective Boyle, he asked me to inform on the gang. I’m not supposed to tell anyone.
—Yeah, that’s not going to work. You’ll talk or walk, Anya. What’s it going to be? Your stuff is still upstairs waiting for you in the apartment. A simple text to Maddie will have her bring it down here in a New York minute. She’s had enough, too.
—All right. I’ll tell you.
Jim studied the girl. He took in the still-bruised face and the welts on her legs.
—You took a real beating. For what? So your friends could scare the crap out of you and intimidate you? How’s that working out so far? You showed up on our doorstep hoping we’d take you in. And we did. Now it’s payback time.
He glared at her.
—Oh. Before I forget.
He fished in the drawer for the five-shot, took it out of the holster, and checked the cylinder. It was empty. He hoped it would be.
—Don’t ever take a firearm from this office again or you and your belongings will be out on the street. Understood?
She didn’t hesitate.
—I understand. It won’t happen again.
Jim tapped his fingers and gazed at the clock.
—I’m still waiting.
Anya refused to be rushed. She got up and wandered around the office, inspecting the dull metal desks. She gave the old wooden chair behind Jim’s desk a spin. She walked up to the wooden hat rack and picked up the fedora. She placed it on her head, snapped the brim, and tipped it at a rakish angle. Her eyes looked out at Jim from beneath.
—This place isn’t as bougie as I thought it was going to be. In fact—
She gave the office another once-over, as though to reassure herself.
—It looks like everything is right out of a ‘40s noir. Is it?
Exasperated, Jim glanced aground at his office. His eyes moved as Anya’s had, from desk to chairs to file cabinets and finally the hat rack with the fedora now fitted on Anya’s head.
—Of course it is. What were you expecting, some 21st-century gleaming chrome and glass monstrosity?
She turned from the mural on the wall to look out the window. The neon sign was off. Sunlight streamed through the window, pouring the sign’s shadow onto the floor.
—Your sign is cool. I’ll have to check it out at night. I bet it looks really good.
She pulled out her phone and snapped a selfie with the darkened sign in the background.
—You’re not going to insta that, are you?
She looked at him from beneath the fedora. She couldn’t help the huge grin that appeared.
—My goodness, but you’ve become so moderne of late, Jimmy.
Exasperated, he stood up and removed the fedora. He tossed it at the hat rack where it landed with a spin before settling onto the horn.
—You must have practiced that.
—So what’s it going to be, girl? Are you with us, or against?
—Can I borrow your car?
She looked at the huge clock on the wall. It ticked loud enough to hear time advancing.
—I have to be somewhere.




SEVENTEEN


JIM CLIMBED THE STAIRS, dedicating his feet to one slow step at a time. He sighed as he considered his failure to impress upon Anya that she was getting in over her head. He’d folded, honoring her request.
—Say that again, Jim.
—I let her have the car.
—Whatever for? Does she have an appointment to be somewhere, you know, like a dentist or a doctor? I’m telling you, Jim—
Jim looked over at Friday. He had taken the hint at Maddie’s tone and plopped down on his bed. He was too interested in the goings-on to lie down. Instead, he sat, and his gaze shifted from his mistress to Jim, back and forth. He was pretty certain Jim was in trouble. He could tell by the woman’s stern voice. It was the same voice she sometimes used with him.
—She asked for it. I gave it to her. What did you want me to do? Say no and chase her out? I can’t do that.
Maddie knew better than to ask him to do that, too. The woman had brought Jim home to her. She owed her for that, at a minimum. Maybe even more, if she ever found out what it was that went on in Mexico. Neither of them would spill word one about any of it. Not that she hadn’t tried.
—All righty, then. We have to let Boyle know. I’m calling Nancy to let her know we’re coming over.
—Why tell him? He doesn’t need—
She glanced at him.
—He needs to know it’s Anya with the car and not you. It might make a difference in how he responds, if you get my drift.
She went on.
—Boyle might not rush out of the precinct to get to you right off. He pretty much knows you can handle yourself by now.
It was true, and he knew it.
—On the other hand, if he knows its Anya with the car, and she’s working with him—
He held up his hand to stop her.
—They’re def working together, I can guarantee that.
—All right then. Let’s go. Come, Friday. It’s time for tea with Tricia.
The threesome proceeded to Maddie’s little yellow car.
—Maddie.
—What now?
She sounded exasperated.
—Why don’t you get yourself a nice new car? We can afford it, in case you forget.
—I like my car the way it is. It brought us here to you, didn’t it?
Friday barked.
—That dog of yours. I swear he can understand you word for word.
—Of course he can. Right, Friday?
Friday shouldered Jim out of the way and took up a position between the two. He nosed Maddie’s hand and his tongue gave her a wet lick to make sure she knew he was there. Despite Jim’s breakfast bacon treats, the dog knew who buttered his morning taste of toast and jam.


NANCY BOYLE ANSWERED THE DOOR with a smile and ushered the threesome into the house. Tricia greeted Friday with a hug and an ear-scratching before leading him up the stairs to her room. Friday sat down in his usual spot at the table and waited for the little girl to begin her ceremony.
—Poor Friday. Tricia is going to tire him out again.
She looked at Jim.
—I remember the time Don and I caught you three fast asleep up there.
Jim grinned at the woman.
—I deny all accusations. Or to put it another way, not guilty, your honor.
—He can deny it all he wants, Maddie. I have a picture for posterity. Have a seat in the kitchen. I put the coffee on when you called.
She poured three cups and sat down to listen to the duo’s tale of woe about Anya and her antics. She nodded her sympathies when Maddie indicated that they knew she couldn’t really do anything for them.
—I can let Don know about the car. Other than that—
—We know. That’s all we ask. The car is an easy tell. He just needs to know it’s Anya, and not Jim.


THE DRIVE WAS QUIET. Conversation began and halted. Maddie waited until they were almost home to ask the question.
—Anya has you wrapped around her little finger. She took the handgun without permission. That alone is unforgivable in my book. I send you down to straighten her out, and you end up giving her your car. Whatever was it happened in Mexico that bonds you two?
She didn’t expect an answer. Jim had always been reluctant to divulge much about his past. It’s just the way he was. She parked the car and waited. Friday fussed in the back seat.
—It was no picnic. We killed people.




EIGHTEEN


MADDIE LOOKED ACROSS AT JIM.
—It doesn’t matter what you did. I love you. So does Friday. Never forget that.
Jim’s sigh of gratitude filled the small car.
—I never doubted it for an instant.
He opened the door but didn’t get out. Hot, humid air swept into the air-conditioned interior, surrounding the pair like a thick blanket. It was no comfort.
—What are we going to do about Anya?
Maddie opened her door and got out. Friday jumped out behind her.
—We’re going to take her in, just like we planned. It’s as simple as that.
—I don’t think she wants anything to do with us. With me, actually. I— we, we can’t do anything for the girl if she doesn’t want it.
They climbed the stairs to the office side by side.
—She showed up on our doorstep. I doubt it if anyone dropped her here. She wants our help. Your help, at least. And she’s not a girl any longer. She’s an adult.
—No, you were right the first time. Our help. We let Don know about the car.
—If Nancy even tells him, Jim. I can’t see her becoming involved in something that doesn’t concern her in the slightest.
—She’ll tell him. I know her. She has the bullet holes in her kitchen floor to prove it.
Jim was referring to a case that took him to Nancy’s kitchen and her breadbox, where she kept a concealed handgun. He was forced to forego the bread and dig out the handgun, all while keeping loved ones out of the line of fire.
—And the two of you did a pretty good job of patching things over until Don noticed your handiwork with the gun.
—Oh come on. Nancy did a pretty good patch-up job with her husband. We all got away mostly Scott-free except for the wounded.
—All kidding aside, what are we going to do about Anya and her Elephants?
—The next time she comes back we’ll follow her. Is your car gassed up and ready to go?


THEY DIDN’T HAVE LONG TO WAIT. Anya returned that night. Once again, Jim caught her sleeping in the office with Friday. He went back upstairs to give Maddie a heads-up. She dressed and went down to her car. Jim knocked on the office door before entering.
—Are you decent?
—Some would say, Jimmy. Some would say.
—Very funny.
—Did you bring us breakfast?
—Not today, kiddo. You’re on your own, remember?
A look of disappointment crossed her face.
—No pouting. You brought it all on yourself, woman.
He remembered Maddie’s admonition about her age.
—So are you going to spill the goods, Elephant-person? Or are you going to make us guess.
Anya appeared surprised at the name he used for what she was doing.
—How did you know about that?
—Maybe I’m not as old-fashioned as you think. I heard tell there’s a search thingamajig attached to that interwebs thingie.
He held up his hands.
—And before you storm out and borrow the car again, are you going to tell me what the heck Boyle has you up to? I don’t want to read about you in the papers.
—The papers? Nobody reads newspapers any more, Detective Interwebs.
He couldn’t stifle the grin.
—We both know what I mean. Boyle has you on as a CI, doesn’t he?
Anya hesitated and looked down at the floor.
—Yes.
Finally. Getting information out of her was not so easy as he first thought.
—And you feel safe doing that for him?
—Yes.
—What about the beating you took?
—I fixed that.
—You didn’t kill anyone with Maddie’s pistol, did you?
—No. But there might be a little blood on it.
He had an excuse to keep her in the office.
—In that case, you need to clean her handgun. Get to it.
She sputtered.
—But— but—
—No buts about it. Get busy and then you can go. Everything you need is in the desk. If you don’t know how to do it, look it up on that interwebs thingie.


JIM JOINED MADDIE AND FRIDAY already waiting in the car.
—We’re going to have to wait her out. She’s cleaning your handgun.
—Oh cripes. She didn’t use it—?
—Apparently she used it to beat the crap out of someone.
—Ohh, a pistol-whipping. I can believe that— there she goes.
Maddie pulled out behind the huge Packard.
—That’s going to be so easy to follow. What the hell—?
The Packard sped ahead of them, outracing Maddie’s underpowered smaller vehicle.
—Maybe you were right after all about a new car.
They searched the area, but the old convertible Packard had disappeared in traffic.
—Take over driving. I need to find out what clubs are open mid-week at this hour.
They cruised to a couple of them. Drove past long rows of cars parked in the street. Checked valet parking as best they could. Even Friday tested the air with a wet nose for a familiar scent. They located the ancient Packard in valet parking at a high-end club that catered to the wealthy.
—I would never have thought she’d be able to get into anything like this.
—They’re Elephants. They’ve got everything worked out. They’ve been doing it for a while now. Did you not take a look at that online site?
Maddie had Jim with that. He still had no idea, beyond what she had told him. It was why he had only mentioned the name of the group to Anya.




NINETEEN


THE PAIR TOOK TURNS staking out the club and the car from Maddie’s sub-compact. When one or the other or both fell asleep, it was left to Friday to stick a cold nose to a warm face and wake everyone up.
—Good boy, Friday. You need to make sure your mistress is wide awake and paying attention.
—Yeah, no. If Friday could talk, he’d have your number, too, sleepyhead.
—Ah. So you caught me out.
—More than once. There they are.
Jim straightened in his seat. Maddie shushed a barking Friday as he recognized Anya in the darkened parking lot. Five women and one man traipsed from the club’s entrance to the lot where the Packard was parked.
—I guess valet is down for the night. Did you notice how they were dressed?
—I don’t know much about fashion, but if it’s expensive, it will all be stolen goods. Shoes. Purses. Dresses. The works. Do you think that’s their bouncer with them?
The Packard left the lot with Anya at the wheel. Tires squealed as she pulled into the street and accelerated away. Jim turned the wheel on the underpowered car and tromped on the gas in a futile attempt to keep up. It was all he could do to keep the distinctive tail lights in sight.
—You def are getting a new car, dear.
Friday nudged the back of Jim’s neck.
—Friday. Bad dog. Stop that.
The dog did it again and for good measure, snuffled into Jim’s ear. It was just what the pair needed to break the tension. They both broke out laughing.
—No ice cream for you tomorrow, dog. You’re in Jim’s bad books now.
—Don’t be so hasty with Friday’s failings— look. There’s the car up ahead.
The Packard had slowed appreciably. At each intersection it paused before proceedings through.
—They’re looking for a street. There they go.
The car slowed and turned off. It zigged and zagged down streets and finally slowed in front of a giant mansion. The car backed up and pulled into the circular drive.
—The place looks deserted, Maddie. No lights, nobody home.
—Yeah, that’s what they do. They cruise the online sites looking for braggarts who announce the house closing up and the trip to the islands or Europe or wherever. That’s how they score the houses.
—But what about alarms?
—That I couldn’t say. Maybe some are too self-absorbed to even bother setting burglar alarms.
The Packard halted in a darkened part of the driveway. The doors opened and six well-dressed people made their way to the back of the palace. After a short wait, lights in the house began to switch on.
—They’re certainly not trying to hide anything. I wonder why?
Someone opened the front door on the huge house. It stayed that way. Cars began showing up. Soon there were half a dozen parked in the circular driveway. All were filled with people who scrambled into the open house.
—That’s going to turn into a huge-ass party. Wait, what’s this?
A giant delivery van lumbered up to the open door. It turned and beeped its high-pitched backup warning as it bumped against the open doors to announce its arrival. The driver got out and the truck’s rear door banged open.
—That’s not a party. They’re going to strip the place.
—I think you’re right.
Maddie got out of the car and called to Friday. He followed her.
—What are you doing? You can’t go in there. They’ll pick up on you in an instant.
—I don’t intend to.
She called to the dog.
—Friday. Sit.
He obeyed instantly. She waved her flattened hand in front of his face. Immediately the dog’s whole demeanor changed. He tensed, knowing something important would be coming from his mistress.
—Find Anya. Bring her here. Find Anya, Friday.
Friday tensed and looked up at her. She passed her flattened hand in front of the dog’s face once more for emphasis.
—Go.
The dog woofed and bounded off. Finally he had something important to do. He was hot on the trail of his new bestie. The thought in the back of his doggie brain was ice cream. If he did good he’d get a reward.
—I’d give anything to see the expression on Anya’s face when she recognizes Friday.


INSIDE THE MANSION, THINGS were going good. Everyone knew their jobs. No one stopped to talk or get involved in arguments. A team busied itself picking art off the walls. Another roamed the upstairs, searching for jewelry in bedrooms. A third looked through closets for a safe, while still others did the same for designer clothing. No room or closet or shelf or drawer was untouched by gloved hands.
At first Anya wasn’t certain, but she thought she heard a dog barking. She looked around. A big black dog was running straight towards her. She panicked and turned to run. The dog bumped her and she fell to the floor. She pushed at him in an attempt to get away. The dog ignored her. His tongue found her face and licked. Finally she recognized him.
—Friday? What are you doing here?
Satisfied he’d found his bestie, Friday dedicated himself to doing as his mistress ordered. He bit into the hem of Anya’s short skirt and tugged her in the direction of the open front door. She grabbed her skirt and pulled back.
Friday growled and refused to let go. He wasn’t having any of it. He remembered how the woman had snookered him in her bed and he wasn’t taking any chances. He growled again and renewed his efforts. Anya began moving towards the open door. She wasn’t strong enough to put up a fight as the dog dug into the carpet and tugged furiously. He shook his head and tugged harder. Another growl convinced Anya not to struggle further.
A nervous Maddie was sweating bullets while she waited to catch sight of her dog. Their silhouettes appeared in the open door and she sighed with relief.
—Here they come, Jim. Get ready. I’m going to take the car in case Boyle is onto this. Anya can go with you. Do not let that woman out of your sight.
In the dimly lit car, Jim turned to face her.
—I don’t care what she has on you.
Maddie slammed the door and made for the Packard with the spare keys. Friday arrived with the girl in tow. The dog didn’t release his quarry until commanded.
—Good dog, Friday. You can let Anya go now. Keep an eye on her in case she’s a runner.
The dog released Anya’s dress and did as he was told. She straightened it and glared at Jim.
—What’s the meaning of this? What are you trying to do to me? Get me killed?
Jim threw open the car door.
—Get in. Now.
Anya hesitated, waiting for Friday to jump in the back. He didn’t budge.
—Come on, Friday, jump in.
The dog snorted his refusal.
—Alright then. We’ll just leave you.
Anya sat down and pretended to close the door. Friday jumped up into her lap. On shaky ground, he arranged himself before plopping down. He looked at Jim and nudged the man’s cheek with a cold, wet nose. Anya was nonplussed by the dog’s antics.
—Friday is getting you back for sneaking out of bed and running off. He’s making sure you don’t jump out at the next light and get lost again. Personally, I’d say he’s doing a good job. Right, Friday?




TWENTY


MADDIE MADE GOOD TIME in the Packard. She smiled to herself at how easy it had been to extricate Anya with Friday’s help. The image of her dog tugging at Anya’s dress and leading her to the car stayed with her. Surely the police could handle the rest, if they showed up.
Just as she was thinking they would be home-free, flashing lights lit her up. Unaccustomed to the size of the car, she wrestled the ungainly Packard to the curb. She reached for the top handles, released them, and pushed the button. The convertible top hummed and began to come up. No sooner had it closed and locked than the officer was at the side of the car.
—Good morning, Maddie. How are you?
—Why Lieutenant. What a surprise. I’m just fine. How are you doing?
Even in the dim light the expression on Boyle’s face was unmistakable. The wheels were turning.
—I’d be a lot better if I knew where my CI was. Do you have any ideas on that?
The jig was up. Anya was safe with Jim and Friday, but she’d be darned if she’d admit it. Besides, if Friday did his job, and if Jim had Anya out of there—surely they were gone by now.
—Not that I’m aware. I was just out for an evening drive. This old tank is a real bear to handle in traffic. I wanted to drive it when there wasn’t any.
—Of course. And Nash? Where is he?
She smiled, trying not to look sweet and innocent for the benefit of Boyle. He was too smart for that, and besides, she respected him too much. And if Jim had Anya out of there—
—I left him at home. He’s counting his money with Friday’s help.
—Good to know. I’ll stop by later. Good night, Maddie. Drive carefully.
—Good night, Lieutenant Boyle. I will.
She kissed the Packard’s accelerator with her foot. Tires squealed and the car leaped away from the curb into the street. In the rearview she caught Boyle’s outline. His hands were on his hips and he was shaking his head. She made good time to the office on the mostly deserted streets. She arrived in time to witness Jim and Anya on their way into the building. Friday brought up the rear. He nudged the back of Anya’s knee with his nose and she skipped ahead.
—Friday. Your nose is cold.
Maddie smiled on witnessing the antics of her dog.
Good job, boys. Where would I be without both of you?
She braked and steered the ungainly Packard to the curb so as not to disturb them. She waited a few minutes before pulling the car into the parking spot in front of the building.


MADDIE HESITATED AT THE closed door to the office and listened. Jim was going at Anya like a bulldog, and he wasn’t letting up. Finally, the girl broke and started to talk. That was her cue to leave. She climbed the stairs to the third-floor apartment and unlocked the door. It was long past bedtime. She didn’t leave the door open for dog or man. She figured it would be a while before either of them showed up.


JIM SETTLED INTO THE CHAIR behind his desk. It squeaked and groaned in the manner of all of the old wooden chairs circa the ‘40s. He opened a drawer and retrieved a notebook. Maddie had already started it. He read through her notes and shuffled though the printouts on the old Forty Elephants gang.
Anya settled on the sofa, waiting. She scratched at Friday’s ear. The dog looked up at her and shook his head. She wasn’t sure what he was telling her, but she remained silent. She knew she was in trouble again. The only thing she didn’t know was how bad it would be this time. Jim stared across the desk at her.
—It’s a good thing we’re not back in Mexico. I’d put you over my knee for sure. How deep are you in with those thieving fools you’ve been hanging out with? How do you come up with the houses you break into. Who does the alarms? Who handles the selling? Who are the buyers?
He halted, wanting to give her a chance to respond, then changed his mind.
—Boyle is going to make mincemeat out of you. You can’t handle him the way you can handle me, Anya. If you haven’t got the goods for him, he’ll hang you high and leave you to dry and on your own. From what I witnessed when you showed up on my doorstep, you’re in over your red head and green eyes.
He stopped, waiting for a response. Anya didn’t hesitate.
—I can’t tell you anything, Jimmy. I promised Boyle—
Jim held up a hand.
—All right. If that’s the deal, that’s the deal. I’m betting Boyle will be after you sooner rather than later in that case. Let’s go.
Friday sat up, all ears, and waited for the crowd to depart the office before scampering up the stairs after them. The sofa was made up. Jim turned to Anya.
—You want anything to eat?
She shook her head.
—No thank you.
—See you in the morning then. Good night.




TWENTY-ONE


EVEN FRIDAY DIDN’T HEAR ANYTHING. Jim knew, because the dog was still tucked away in his bed in the kitchen. He heard it again. Steel pinging, as though something had been dropped on it. A marble. No. A bullet. He hurried back to the bedroom and pulled on his pants before waking Maddie.
—There’s someone on the fire escape. I’m going to get Emma out of her place.
Maddie reached for the night table and her handgun.
—You better put some clothes on first, girl.
—Yeah, yeah. Go get Emma. I’ll be down in the office. I left it down there for some reason. I can’t think of why.
—You were wanting Anya to make off with it if I know you.
—Maybe. Now get going. We don’t have long if they’re coming up the fire escape.
She tugged on a t-shirt and shorts and made for downstairs and the office. Jim headed down the hall to Emma’s and banged on her door. She opened it almost immediately, fully dressed. She held her automatic at the ready.
—I heard it too.
—Can you go and stay with Anya and Friday? Maddie is downstairs retrieving our firearms.
—No problem. I can do that.
The gunshot in the confines of the building deafened both of them. Maddie called up the stairs to Friday. He appeared, halted, and listened for his mistress.
—Stay with Emma. Guard Emma.
Unsure if he should listen, he paced the floor, back and forth from the apartment’s door to the third floor landing, where he looked down at his mistress. She called to him again.
—Friday. Stay with Emma. Guard Emma.
The dog barked and withdrew to the apartment. Emma closed the door and shook Anya, still fast asleep from her break-in escapade earlier.
—Someone is trying to get into the building. Stay here. Under no circumstance are you to get in front of me. Understood?
Anya didn’t respond. Emma shook her again.
—I know. You’re frightened. Listen to me. Do not get in front of me, okay? Do I need to explain why?
Anya looked down at the firearm by Emma’s thigh.
—Jimmy told me to always keep it there. No one would notice it unless they were looking for it. Most people aren’t looking.
—Correct. Now stay in the living room and remember what I told you. Okay?
—Yes.
—Good. Now go sit in that chair and do not move, no matter what.
Emma left the lights out and made her way to the kitchen. It was the first room that the hallway door would open up to. She positioned herself such that she would be able to see whoever opened the door, thanks to the light in the hallway.
Another shot rang out. Shattering glass told her the downstairs entrance door had been breached. Jim called out from the second floor landing.
—All clear.
Emma opened the door and peered out. She wasn’t taking any chances. The handgun hung at her thigh. She saw Jim and relaxed. Sirens sounded in the gloomy first light of morning.
—Whoever it was is gone. Maddie let one go and shattered the door. Whoever was behind it disappeared. I opened the fire escape window on the second floor. I was hoping I could drag whoever was on it into the building, but they decided to turn tail in a hurry and run down the fire escape.
—Where’s your handgun?
—Maddie’s handling it just fine. They tried jimmying the second-floor window. That was her gunshot you heard. She wasn’t aiming to hit anyone. I think it’s called a warning shot.
He grinned at Emma.
—And the second shot?
—Oh. That.
—I think someone shot up the downstairs door and shattered it. They scattered too, just like the glass. We’re good now. All clear.
Maddie trudged up the stairs carrying Jim’s handgun. She handed it to him and looked at Emma.
—Men. There’s never one around when a woman needs one.
Anya called out from the apartment.
—Are you all right, Maddie? Friday is here with me.
—I’m fine. We’re all fine. What’s for breakfast, Jimmy?
Nash knew when to shut up and surrender.
—Breakfast in twenty minutes. I want you all shined up and dressed up or I’ll be throwing it out.
Everyone scattered and he was left alone in the kitchen, muttering to himself.
—Women. What did I do to deserve all three of them, anyway? I was good all by myself. Right, Zelda?
But Zelda wasn’t there. Friday wasn’t, either. He had scampered off to be with Emma, just as his mistress had commanded him.




TWENTY-TWO


BOYLE SHOWED UP AS THE foursome was settling into their chairs at the kitchen table.
—I hope I’m not interrupting anything important.
His eyes settled on the pans on top of the stove and wandered to the table. Plates covered in grilled cheese sandwiches stared back at him.
—Do I detect the odor of bacon?
Friday’s ears perked up and he scampered over to sit beside Boyle, still standing in the doorway.
—Hello Friday. Have you had your breakfast yet?
The detective reached down to scratch at the dog’s ears.
—You might as well come in and sit down with the rest of the freeloaders, Don. I can’t get rid of any of them. It would cost me too much.
Maddie looked from Jim to Boyle and back and smiled sweetly.
—And you know it too, partner. In fact, you can count on it.
—Yeah, Jim, you can always bunk at my place if you need some room.
Jim knew better than to say a word. Nancy would have both their hides if she heard Don say that.
—Thanks for the offer, but no thanks. If I remember, Nancy keeps a handgun in the breadbox and she knows how to use it.
—Whatever are you talking about, Mr. Detective? Now where’s my plate?
Don pulled out a chair and sat down beside Emma. Friday, thinking he had found another easy mark, sat down between the pair and waited patiently. Just to be certain Emma knew he was there, he nudged her leg. She reached down and scratched a familiar ear.
Anya already knew why Boyle had showed up.
—I’ll be ready after breakfast, Detective.
All conversation halted as attentions turned to Jim’s breakfast. Scrambled eggs, toast, bacon, tomato, even his special grilled cheese sandwiches were devoured and disappeared.
—Anyone want seconds?
No one said yes. Empty plates stared back. Anya stood and cleared the table.
—I’m ready.
Boyle got up to accompany Anya.
—Not so fast, Boyle. Slave-girl here isn’t finished with the dishes yet.
Friday finished licking Emma’s fingers. He could always depend on her to slip him a tiny slice of toast and jam for his efforts.
—And Friday refuses to do dishes.
The dog woofed and nudged Emma’s thigh.
—There’s no more, Friday. You can stop kissing up now.
He ambled over to check his bowl. It was still empty. He had already devoured his dog food and bacon treat. Resigned, he lapped up a drink of water and contemplated a nap in the office sunbeam.


BOYLE LED ANYA OFF to the car. On the way to the station he explained what would happen.
—I’m going to take you through the booking procedure. We don’t use ink any more, so there’s no way any of your friends can tell you’ve been printed. A female officer has been briefed and will take you past your friends. You should put up a bit of a struggle. Not too much. I don’t want you getting hurt, even if it is for show.
Boyle went on, not wanting to let the woman interrupt.
—You’ll be placed in a cell in plain sight. Treated like a runner that we eventually caught. The cell will look good on you with your friends. I’ll leave it to you to figure out how much pissing and moaning you need do to convince them you belong.




TWENTY-THREE


ANYA ENDED UP ON the receiving end of cheers and applause when she as led past her friends already behind bars. She managed to slip from the grip of the officer long enough to take a bow to the laughter of those already languishing in a cell. A brief scuffle ensued and she was placed in a cell, alone.
—Are you gonna take these cuffs off? They’re hurting my wrists.
The door slammed behind her.
—Not on your life, sweetie. You’ve been deemed a flight risk. Now settle down and enjoy your life before you go to prison.
Jeers and laughter followed the officer as she exited the holding cells.
—Hey Anya. How far did you get?
—Not so far. Someone’s dog caught up with me. You never told me there was a dog.
—There wasn’t. Must have been a neighbor’s.
And so it went on into the night. Too jacked up to sleep. Worried about lawyers and charges. Concerned for their own well-being. The crew of thieves nattered back and forth and promised swift retribution on those who had turned them in.
Alone and safe in her cell, Anya contemplated what would happen next. She stretched out on the cot and closed her eyes. Nervous exhaustion took over and she fell asleep. She didn’t awaken until the door banged open.
—Where is everyone? Did you let them go? Why am I still here?
The female officer led Anya to Detective Boyle.
—One or two of your friends are waiting across the street. Most have disparaged already. Honor among thieves and all, you know? You probably won’t see them again until the trial. If there is a trial.
Anya was relieved to hear that. Perhaps she wouldn’t have to face her so-called friends ever again. Never would be too soon.
—So what happens now?
—We treat you like a common criminal for the benefit of anyone still watching and you go and live an honest life from now on. And thanks for your help. Now skedaddle back to Jim and Maddie and make something of yourself before it’s too late. Understood?
She understood.


ANYA CLIMBED THE STAIRS on the way up to Jim’s office. She took her time, not certain who or what would greet her once she announced her return. She didn’t have long to wait. Friday heard the steps and stuck an inquiring nose past the doorway. He recognized Anya and barked a warning before scrambling up the steps to the third-floor apartment. He raced past Jim and Maddie’s and halted at the door where the group waited. When Anya stood on the landing, he barked again, rushed to her side, and nudged her down the hall.
—Where are you taking me, Friday? What’s going on?
Jim, Maddie and Emma waited, out of sight, until she appeared in the doorway. They greeted the girl and dragged her into the apartment.
—Home sweet home, Anya. If you give us any static, I’ll help Jim put you over his knee and spank you myself.
—Aww Jimmy. You told her, didn’t you?
Jim kept knew better. He kept his mouth shut. After all, what happens in Mexico, stays in Mexico.
###



Read Order for Jim Nash Stories

Pirate Cay
Thrill Kill Jill
Greetings From Key West
Lost Paradise
No Angels
Mexico Gamble
No Picnic
Fallen Angels
Vendetta
A Girl’s Best Friend
Dead End
No Harbor
Dog Days
Startup Blues
Last Stop To Nowhere / End of Nowhere
Revenge Is Justice
Escape
Wedding Bell Blues
Snap Brim Fedora Caper
Breakdown
Little Girl Lost
Forget Me Not
All The Glitter
Mexico Time
Shop Till You Drop

SEASONAL
Trick or Treat
Helping Santa

OTHER
The Snap Brim Fedora Caper


More by P X Duke

Twisted Sisters
Detective Jim Nash has a problem. He has a murder victim in an alley and a dead woman in his bed. His own homicide division wants to charge him with murder. To say he’s got serious commitment problems would be an understatement. He's on the lookout for twins, but he doesn't want to date them. He wants to know who murdered them. A modern pulp short story.

Dreams Die Fast
Frank is headed home after spending a long winter on the Baja. When his motorcycle breaks down, he’s trapped in an old ghost town on the west side of the Salton Sea. A woman takes pity on Frank and invites him over for a home-cooked meal. Before he knows it, Frank is knee-deep in cartel drugs with a woman itching to pull the trigger on the gun she’s pointing at his back.

Dreams Die Hard
Frank is back on the road with a reformed junkie on the run from a cartel hit squad riding bitch on the back of his motorcycle. When the duo end up working at a strip club, the seedy edge of the city finally catches up, forcing Frank to dig deep within to triumph over drugs, greed, arson and murder. Some adult content.

Fast Food Slow Waitress
A biker hits all the high spots (or the low spots, depending on your point of view). These short stories find him at a peeler bar off the 15 in Montana; encountering a hitch-hiker off the 10 in New Mexico; being sweet-talked by his landlady; romancing a truck-driving sweetheart in a sleeper at a California truck stop; flirting with a waitress in a restaurant in the high desert. This is an updated and revised version of First Time and other stories previously published.

Dead Reckoning
During a well-deserved R&R on mainland Mexico, Harry Delaney picks up something he doesn’t own that forces him to flee across the Sea of Cortez to the Baja. While hiding out on an isolated beach, two mysterious gringas show up to complicate Harry’s life by attempting to implicate him in their own scheme, resulting in a mad dash up the Baja to escape the consequences of their actions.

Long Way Home
When Harry’s ex-wife, Sasha, and their daughter accompany her oil-company boyfriend on a working vacation to Africa, the trio goes missing. They get out a call for help that will lead Harry on an air and ground chase across the Horn of Africa to rescue his family before kidnappers can move them to their den on the Indian Ocean.

Payback
Harry’s comfortable family life is turned upside down when he gets a phone call from a former comrade he thought long dead. When the second call comes in an hour later, the caller asks for his help. He knows his life will never be the same until he can learn what happened to the woman who launched a rescue mission to save his life after his plane was destroyed during a firefight on a bush landing strip in East Africa. Third short novel in a series.



About the author

Aviator. Motorcycle rider. Vagabond. Drifter. Trouble-maker. Jack of all trades and master of none. Peter Duke has been riding and writing about the places he’s been and the people he’s seen for more than a few year. Some of his writing is factual; some of it isn't. He likes to leave it to readers to decide for themselves the lies that might be the truth.

https://pxduke.com  |  author@pxduke.com


