
Sniff the Death Honeysuckles

ipam





Smashwords Edition Copyright 2022 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Author notes:


This e-book contains over 250,000 words which is carried through 426 Microsoft Word pages.

This e-book does not contain a chapter heading, such like, Chapter One; Chapter Two, etc.

Instead, the story unfolds in a numeric calendar date format with current time, daylight or nighttime hours, a set of current weather conditions, and the property location with character activity.

I enjoy learning parts and pieces of an unread novel, before diving into the content.

A Nuclear War is sometimes called either an Atomic Warfare or a Thermonuclear Warfare and is defined as a military conflict or a political strategy which deploys nuclear war bombs with a single warhead of radiated particles.

Nuclear War One encompassed two separate time dates of August 6th and August 9th, in the year 1945 A.D., when from the United States of America, within the Federal Government branch, at the White House, where President of the United States of America Harry S. Truman ordered a single U.S.A. bomber war airplane to drop down two separate nuclear bombs on top of the cities, Hiroshima and Nagasaki, within the country of Japan.

A nuclear bomb attack creates a field of sandy radioactive particles within the air waves coming from a mushroom-shaped cloud and is known as the nuclear fallout, dropping all the particles downwards towards the ground surface, within 15 minutes. Human and animal skin and body exposure to the nuclear fallout particles results in radiation poison that damages all the biological cells on each life force first and then is followed by a death act, finally.

Each nuclear bomb killed 226,000 individuals including innocent men, women, teenagers, and children, created a visible, heated infrared, and ultraviolet light waves producing a very large and very heated fireball capable of burning every person, plant, and pet. That Presidential Act ended World War Two conflict between the Allies nations and their nasty vile enemies.

In the year 1990, the number of nuclear war bombs holding a nuclear warhead, from numerous nations, throughout the globe, totaled 45,000.

In the year 2022, the following powerful global nations, the year and inventory of their nuclear war bombs include Russia, (1949), 6,300; United States of America, (1945), 5,600; China, (1964), 350; France, (1960), 250; United Kingdom, (1952), 50 bombs; Israel, (1960), 150; India, (1974), 70; Pakistan, (1998), 20, and North Korea, (2006), 10, for a total of 13,000 nuclear war bombs with a single warhead. This is 28.88 percent of 45,000 nuclear war bombs, in the world.

The other global countries owning a few nuclear war bombs with a single warhead included Albania; Algeria; Argentina; Australia; Brazil; Bulgaria; Canada; Egypt; Germany; India; Iran; Iraq; Israel; Italy; Japan; Libya: Mexico; Myanmar: Netherlands; Philippines; Poland; Rhodesia; Romania; Saudi Arabia; South Korea; Sweden; Switzerland; Syria; Taiwan, and Ukraine.

The nuclear bomb design was created by American inventor J. Robert Oppenheimer. He was born in the year 1904 and died in the year 1967 and was an American theoretical physicist and the Director of the Los Alamos Experimental Laboratory in the U.S. State of California.

I have created a personal and private Book Rating System for each one of my novels for the curious reader.


Rated G for good stuff.

Rated PG for pretty good stuff.

Rated M for mild stuff.

Rated R for really great stuff.

Rated C for cute stuff.


The storyline for this novel is Rated R for really great stuff with some boyfriend-girlfriend relationships; witty and vile humor,  teenly female catfights, teenly male dogfights, and some teenly deaths, with no she-ghosts and he-ghosts appearing.

The major character role presents a gang of wild and crazy teen natives attending their school sessions, completing their crop and home chores, and caring with love and respect for their loving parents.

The major scientific breakthrough, in the story, is skin paint called bite-nats, a combination of bacteria and nats, used for both fun and fight.

Additional valuable background information, on February 23, 2023, the peaceful relationship between the global nations halts and the peace talks stall, the country of Israel becomes annoyed, frustrated, anger, mad, and disappointed with all the other nations then launches from the Gaza Strip Military Post, dropping a single  nuclear warhead on top of the ocean paradise Kish Island, within the country of Iran, but missed the designated target.

Amen!

The flying and twirling single nuclear warhead lands then splashes down in the middle of the deep and blue Indian Ocean waters. Of course, the bomb explodes under the water particles killing all the immediate swimming sea life forms, without harming a single human and produces a mushroom-shape 30,000 feet above the water surface and into the bright skyline. And then all nations divide into two separate groups the next day, on February 24th and started fighting and killing each other, on February 26th, beginning World War Three.

The war battle lasts two days, from February 26th to February 28th, until all the world’s angry and worried citizens go and then attack their individual government building, in a brilliant coup, overtook all the evil governmental leaders and then hung each evil person by the exposed neck muscles from either the second or third floor of that same governmental building.

No more war!

A peaceful life and lives lasts for 53 years until a new evil female dictator tries and then fails to rule Planet Earth and all the earthlings, and some outer space aliens, again, on January 1st, in the year 2076, creating Nuclear War Three, using numerous nuclear warheads with very limited power, due to old age, rust spots, and corrosive wires.

Each individual tiny nuclear explosion creates a mushroom-shaped cloud expanding 15 feet in height by 12 feet in wide, producing 25 miles-per-second of fiery, fierce winds, covering a parameter of 16 miles around the blast, destroying 60 American towns. Each explosion, also, causes significant property damage and kills billions of peoples, plants, and pets, coming from each initial nuclear blast wave, intense heat waves, and tons of radiation tiny atom particles at first.

The intense, fierce, terrible and horrible nuclear and unclear sky of bombs stops eight months later on August 18th.

Why do you ask?

The nuclear bombs were all used and the nuclear bodies were all dead!

Then both the body and land damage occurs and then endures the aftermath, a Nuclear Winter.

The new Nuclear Winter is a thick blanket of black-colored 5,000,000 tons of tiny soot particles floating upwards and covering the pale blue atmosphere and wraps all the blinding rays of the bright heated sunlight away from the earthlings, producing cool weather over the European and Asia continents. The Nuclear Winter killed millions of surviving peoples, plants, and pets, destroying the food crops, plunging the survivors into a hungry famine.

The major effects from the nuclear exchange foresee the death of many millions of victims, the breakdown of institutions, government, professional, and commercial entities for the smooth continuation of a civilized civilization. Another effect is the loss of food, water and electricity production and the distribution of food, water, medical, computer, and informational services.

Nuclear War Three does not bring about the extinction of the humans but leaves a small number of survivors, living in a few remote geographical spots and, also, reduces the Quality of Life and the Life Expectancy on a human. Plus. the nuclear war bombs either permanently damages or totally destroys the delicate ecosystems and changes all the climate weather patterns.

From Modern World History, on August 15, 1945, the countries of Japan and Germany surrendered the fight and official ended World War Two battles, signing a legal document to promise not to start another vile fight with an armed weapon.

However, after the dust balls settled, abuse and use the pun, no leader presents a paper legal document to end the Three Nuclear War, due to death leaders and the lack of both the civil and government leadership. Instead, small gangs of wounded and healthy survivors come together and gather up and present their supplies, including food, fresh water, and medical aid kits and forms a new community.

Side notes: Based on modern day scientists, a total of 40,000 nuclear war bombs, housing a single warhead, will produce of an explosive yield of 13,000 mega-tons.

From the Ancient World History, Mount Tambora, the largest volcanic eruption in the year 1815 B.C., produced 120 million tons of sulfate dioxide aerosol sprays and heated ash plumes with a force of 33 billion tons of dynamite or 02.20 million atomic bombs landing, again, on the city of Hiroshima and ejected 42 cubic miles of rock particles and pebbles.
Some 74,000 years ago, Mount Toba produced 670 cubic miles of rock particles forming Lake Toba, and produced 6,000 million tons of sulfur dioxide or the force equivalent of 20,000,000 mega-tons of dynamite.

When outer space asteroid Chicxulub fell down and then impacted the soil surface on Planet Earth, the massive blast caused the extinction of the Dinosaur Race that equaled 70,000,000 mega-tons of energy.


Thanks for entering my imagination!


ipam


A wishing, instead of fishing for the food meal…
Story Plot:

After the Nuclear War Three, the world has dramatically changed, in regard, to climate, landscape, and citizens.

Many small farm communities are barely living in poverty, hunting off the damaged landscape, eating damaged animals, and drinking contaminated water.

However, there is a bright spot once every year. The annual Apprenticeship Program is here and is held at Metro City Birmingham.

The program invites every 16 years old male and female to compete for one paying job opportunity, in which, to better their life and the lives of their family unit, away from working the rough farmland and into lounging within city luxury.

Within the South Beach Colony, 16 years old and native female, Tulu is ready and eager to fight for her solo chance to live within a luxury environment, wearing a set of nice clothes, working at an office desk, and providing her family unit with all the comfort needs of ultimate happiness, instead of her and her family unit continuing to work the hard and harsh farm life as a patch of country pumpkins.
Cast of Citizens and Colonies:


Metro City Birmingham representatives:

Director Hico, Metro City, Birmingham
Doboil, Superintendent, Swamp Island (Islanders)
Kodare, Superintendent, North Ridge Mountain (Riders)
Starbe, Superintendent, Grand Rock Valley (Rockers) 
Vovina, Superintendent, South Beach (Beachers)



Teens:

Atoka, apprentice
Baycliff, McCamy’s friend
Brazoria, apprentice
Etta, apprentice
Hixson, McCamy’s friend
Jellico, apprentice
Kiwi, apprentice
McCamy, Tulu’s beau
Ocee, apprentice
Pemona, apprentice
Rari, Pemona’s sister
Rusk, McCamy’s brother
Taffy, Tulu’s sister
Tulu, apprentice
Una, apprentice


Parents of teens:

Tourann, Taffy and Tulu’s mother
Thelee, Taffy and Tulu’s father
Ebro, McCamy and Rusk’s father
Festus, Pemona and Rari’s father
Almena, Pemona and Rari’s mother
Manbanna, Baycliff’s father


Colonies of the U.S.A.:

Grand Rock Valley, colony of rocks
North Ridge Mountain, colony of mountains
South Beach, colony of farmers
Swamp Island, colony of swamps
Present day and place and time


Year 2081
June 1st Monday


North America continent
South Beach Colony, Colonies of the U.S.A.

Thelee Farms
Ocean breeze and sizzling hot temperatures with bright sunshine
02:02 pm (early afternoon)


The bright red blood transforms instantly into maroon hue and then completely dries as a dark brown stain on her meaty index finger pad. She carefully rubs the open wound against the dirty yellow tinted sleeveless shirt, which is part of her work outfit for working inside each crop field. She flicks the encrusted red blood away and then places the wildflower stem inside her hand-held bouquet basket.
Tulu and her older sister Taffy are gathering up vegetables and fruits for their nightly supper as they have been tasked by their father. Now, they run around selecting and picking out an assortment of colorful wildflowers for the pretty dining table arrangement also while their hard-working mother continues to work soaking red beans, frying the raw meat, baking the doughy biscuits, and steaming the hard pecans for the dessert pie.
“No thistles! Mama doesn’t like thistles, even the pink ones.” Her older sister curtly reminds while hearing the loud whistle behind her back spine, spinning around with a sour frown to see the advancing figure. “Warty he-toad approacheth from the north!” Seventeen-year-old Taffy bellows out loud in an unfriendly tone.
Fifteen years old, younger biological sister Tulu roughly pirouettes on top of the other wildflowers, presents a goofy smile and then eye gleams McCamy. She wears a home-made sundress without sleeves and two thin straps over her two collar bone featuring a deep V-neck collar on the loose bodice. The dress fabric is striped pink-tinted, vertical lines on top of solid white hue. The long, flowy skirt falls straight down to her kneecaps and is tied with a thick ribbon in pink hue. The dress appears a little big and loose on her petite body as the flock is a hand-me-down from her older and taller sister.
Tulu starts to happily skip over the grass blades killing the new flower petals and rushes ahead to her beau, wildly waving both of her hands. She feels loving excitement.
Blonde-haired and blue-eyed McCamy stops and then leans down scooping his pair of calloused hands underneath her two ticklish armpits, swinging Tulu in a full circle, three times, and then buries his girl inside his muscular chest. He wraps protectively his two muscular biceps around her girl kissing the top of her hairy bone skull. Her brain cells quit swirling. Tulu inhales and then exhales with her teenly love, for her guy, too.
McCamy sighs and then breathes deeply with love, too, tenderly resting his face on top of her honeysuckle, sweet-smelling, brunette colored locks, since his body frame is six feet and four inches of bronze-tinted, muscle and strength, when he is compared to her delicate petite-ness of five feet and one inch.
Taffy continues to stand in the middle of the wildflower patch and presents a sour frown holding the basket of flora and vegetables while disgustingly snorting at the love bird pic. She continues to wear her dirty, yellow-tinted farm outfit, a sleeveless white tee shirt, a short, yellow-tinted skirt over a pair of tights, and a pair of sturdy brown-tinted, worn, not polished working cowgirl boots with the pointy toes. Her socks continue to protect and warm her tender feet.
The semi-flat meadowland is filled with tiny, green-tinted weeds, within patches of tiny colorful wildflowers, standing in a diagonal away from a green-tinted pasture land of grazing cows at Thelee Farms.
The semi-flat, limestone-colored tabletop land on top of each Birmingham cliff looks really funny to a pair of naked eyeballs. Each cliff resembles a flat, circular island surrounded on three sides by the calm waves of dark blue-tinted Gulf of Mexico ocean waters. Over each limestone cliff, a beautiful pale-blue sky glows each day featuring patches of swirling, strolling white clouds among the invisible but heated rays of hot sunshine.
The non-water side on top of each cliff displays a natural land bridge in gray limestone connecting to another cliff, where a line of moving vehicles will roughly roll over the semi-smooth stone, one-at-a-time, during the farm duty.
On top of each cliff, the landscape displays a unique pattern design also. On the edge of the semi-round cliff, the land is hard limestone rock, where the ocean winds cut into the earth and then blow away the fertile dirt and any type of grass seeds. Nothing grows there but a red-tinted sunburn on your pale face.
Within the middle of the flat, circular mountain cliff, a red-bricked homestead building has been safely constructed, where the farm family lives and thrives while watching the crops grow, the cows eat, and the children play. Around the homestead campus, a set of scattered individual circular patches provide food, livestock, and beauty on top of the mountain tabletop cliff.
An individual patch of green-tinted, grassy pasture land, within a natural circle, protects and also feeds a corral of grazing cows or a pen of working horses or other livestock animals. The semi-flat, circular meadow displays an area of short green weeds and patches of colorful wildflowers that provide feed and free all the sea birds. Another circle of red-tinted, sandy soil grows all the food crops for all the peoples. And a circular pattern of glittering gray-tinted limestone rock offers both beauty and death.
Within the colorful wildflower meadow, McCamy pulls back with a smile at his girl while talking to her rude and mean older sister Taffy. “Go away evil step-sister!” He smells freshly clean from his shower and has changed his dirty farm attire for a new outfit, a long, white-tinted, sleeveless tee shirt, a pair of tan-colored walking shorts, and a pair of ratty, brown-tinted flip-flops over his two naked feet. He enjoys the cool and comfortable flip-flops when not working his hard, tough farm chores.
Tulu giggles inside his chest. “Taffy’s my real sister. She’s just goofing with us, darling.”
“Scat, Taffy! This is my private time with my girl.” McCamy looks up with a sneer to see Taffy. Taffy wears a white-tinted, dirty, ratty cowgirl hiding her long, brown-colored hair strands wrapped in a long ponytail at the nape of her neck. He notes the biological differences with the two sisters.
Taffy is tall, like her father, with a pair of long legs and strong muscles, working in both the hot days and humid nights inside each crop field, like a sturdy plow mule, and she is smarter than each one of the academic teachers at the local academic building.
Tulu possesses a body frame of five feet and one inch which is covered in a set of thin muscles, a pair of short legs, and a set of petite toes, where her toes and her skin nicely suntans within the hot sun rays, smiling all the time at her beau McCamy.
“Supper’s at five o’clock, Tulu.” Taffy looks up with an evil grin and then eyeballs the bright sun. “You got about fifteen minutes, tops, before my daddy and my daddy’s shotgun comes around here looking for your a…”
“Ask Mama to hold our hot plates of food, for us, Taffy!” Tulu smiles inside his warming hug. “We’ll be along soon, Taffy. I hear McCamy’s stomach muscles howling.”
“Okay, warty she-toad!” Taffy dashes ahead with a smile toting an individual basket of fresh food items and wildflowers for the evening meal, moving away from the flat meadow of flowers, over a circular patch of solid rock limestone, and then hits the manicured lawn that leads to her homestead.
McCamy continues to hug his girl with a smile. “Tulu, Happy Birthday!”
Tulu pulls back with a puzzled brow to see him, “No, not yet! It’s not today, but the day after tomorrow, McCamy. Geez! Did you really graduate the top of your grade?”
He chuckles with a wink into her pretty eyeballs exhibiting his love, expressing his gift. “I bribed the Superintendent to release me for my academic bondage, until old age. I wanna start celebrating your birthday right now. I love you, Tulu,” McCamy hugs her for a second time and then pulls back with a grin, kneeling down on top of soft patch of grass. He explains, “I got your birthday present with me. Do you wanna try it on here?”
She continues to stand and then huffs with disappointment and worry. “Try it on! I…we both agreed that your current crop yield money goes for purchasing a used stream engine powered thresher machine for the field crops of corn, McCamy.”
He smiles. “Look! You turn sixteen years old, one time.”
“I can be sixteen years old, next year, too, and the year after that, and the year after that, until you buy that used thresher machine for the important crop fields of food stuffs feeding the entire world.”
“You can’t become sixteen years old again. I have a very special gift, muffin. Please, accept my generous heart-felt present from a simple poor hick.” He pouts.
She leans over and hugs him pulling back with a smile of happiness, saying with a smile. “McCamy, I love you. I accept you. I don’t need a gift or a present or…”
“…a wonderful surprise.” He displays a small, rusty, round-shaped, metal can without the lid. The contents swirls in pink-colored, sparkling, glittery paint.
“Paint colors pinky pink.” She smiles down at the open paint can. “I love the color pink. Awe! Thank you so much, McCamy! I can color my old beige wall in sparkling pink hue. Or we can save the new paint for our new house, when we get marry next year. You’re a nice thoughtful beau! I really love it.”
“The canister does not contain wall paint for your private bedroom, Tulu. Sit here! I’ll show you.” He stands upright then reaches down lifting Tulu up from the ground, sitting her fanny on top of the cut-off tree stump. He squat down and balances one kneecap, placing the rusty can beside his flip-flop. He reaches out and tenderly grabs her delicate wrist extending her arm into his chest, kissing her naked hand and then pulls back with a smile. He says, “I want you to hold still for me, muffin.” Tulu watches with keen interest and presents a smile feeling excited about her first birthday gift. He dips a tiny, horse-haired paint brush down into the open metal can lifting up the paint residue in the air, moving ahead and draws three separate completed circles around her naked wrist bone.
“Does this pink color wash off, darling?” She fears that she may be marked pinky tinted circles on her naked forearm for life.
“Yeah!” He dunks the horse-hair brush back down into the canister can and still holds her painted arm. He orders, “Now, close your pretty eyeballs!” She frowns at him in silence. He reaches up with his calloused hand then tenderly brushes each one of her eyelashes over each one of her pupils, saying with a smile. “I want you to think and concentrate with your pure mental thoughts on a set of rounded beads, creating three individual wrist bone bracelets.” He reaches out and gently touches her forehead temple. “Here, inside your smart mind! Think of a set of rounded beads, consisting of three separate wrist bone bracelets on your naked arm, muffin.”
Tulu keeps her two eyelashes shut and wears a frown and then wiggles her nose exhaling then inhaling with her air molecules, mentally concentrating on the required round beads as three individual bands of bracelets physically appearing around her wrist bone. She feels a tingling warmth then a rapidly coolness, opening her two eyelashes, seeing three pink-tinted bead bracelets, in place of three pink-paint stripes on her naked arm. He releases her hand. She lifts the same arm in a perpendicular pose as each physical bracelet dances against the crook on her elbow. Then she swiftly drops her forearm back down towards the dirt as each physical pink-tinted beaded bracelet beautifully tickles her hand bone. She gasps in happiness and shock. “O! This is so beautiful, McCamy.”
He grins. “You like, don’t you?” He reaches out then gingerly touches each bracelet on her wrist bone while explaining the concept. “Bite-nats, it is a shortened scientific word for ‘bacterial gnats.’ Bite-nats was created and used during Nuclear War Three, when the good guys invaded the Middle East countries. Then bite-nats was used as a type of battle gear over human flesh and blood body on each fighting rebel on both sides of the war. I secretively bartered some old corn huskers and wet grain colonels for this precious pink commodity. Are you surprised, muffin?” He leans down and kisses her naked hand pulling back with a smile.
She continues to study her new birthday gift and giggles with love. “I love them! How does the bite-nats produce work, Mr. Madman Scientist?” She touches each pink-tinted beaded bracelet with her other naked finger pads.
He reaches over and strokes the first bracelet on her arm explaining. “Simple! Bite-nats come in a liquid state, appearing like paint, but it ain’t. The gnats are little chemical insects that communicate or work within your brain cells, kind of like, a mental mind thought. You can make the gnats transform into any physical object, within your mind’s imagination. Then the group of bite-nats sees, feels, and tastes your mental images and then poof, they form into that particular ‘think object.’ When I asked you to concentrate on a set of rounded beads for three separate circles, the group of bite-nats, within the pink paint, read your mind thoughts and then it morphed into the three physical wrist bone jewelry bracelets.”
“Foreverly!” She smiles.
“As long as, you hold that mental thought, muffin, foreverly. Okay! Let’s test something else! I know. Think of pink paint!”
Tulu closes her two eyelashes while concentrating on the think object: pink paint. She quickly feels a warmth sensation popping open her two eyelashes, seeing the original three stripes of pink paint around her wrist bone.
She giggles with a grin. “Wow! Wonder if, I wanted…”
“Hold that thought, Tulu! The backlash of the paint is that it is limited to the current physical measurement of the liquid measurement of bite-nats on the biological body. So, the ‘think object’ must conform to the body area, like your forearm. Therefore, think of something that goes around your arm.”
She closes her two eyelashes again and hums with love while concentrating on her new ‘think object’. She quickly feels a warmth sensation and then a rapidly coolness opening her two eyelashes, seeing the object. She gasps in shock. The paint has morphed into three tiny, pink-shaped snake figures with a pair of bulging pink eyeballs and a mouth of pink fangs. Tulu giggles at her new “think object.”
McCamy reprimands her dangerous ‘think object’ saying with a sour frown. “Tulu, you must be very careful with the bite-nats play paint.”
She touches the soft pink skin on the bite-nats creation, one of the pink colored snakes that once had been a pretty wrist bone bracelet. Tulu announces with a smile, “Fake! No harm done!”
“Did I mention only a tangible item using the bite-nats paint appears, without bites, fangs, or paws? You can’t produce a playfully puppy or a fragranced flower or a pot of your mama’s red bean chili.”
She looks up and winks at McCamy, saying with a grin, “We’re having chili for dinner. How did you know that, darling?” She giggles with delight then closes her eyelashes pondering the same think object: bracelets.
The three tiny snakes disappear then are placed, like magic, with the same three pink-tinted, beaded wrist bone bracelets.
“But you can make something special like a piece of clothing item. Watch this!” He reaches down and lifts the horse-haired brush from the canister again then slowly draws a completed circle around her naked foot, marking a straight line across her bone arch. He announces, “Think object: sandal.”
She closes her two eyelashes and wears a permanent smile concentrating on her new think object: sandal. Tulu feels the tinkling warmth then rapidly coolness, opening her two eyelashes, staring down a at new fashion foot sandal. A pink-tinted, open-toed, leather foot sandal displays a three-inched heel and a single pink-tinted, rose-shaped flower bundled on top of her pinky toe bone.
“The other one…” She orders and rudely finger points down at her other naked foot. He artistically draws a set of circles and stripes around her other naked foot. She mentally performs the think object: sandal. Then, magically, a second fashion sandal swiftly appears on her other foot. She opens her two eyelashes then swiftly stands upright sliding off the tree stump, fumbling down into his chest and single arm. Tulu doesn’t possess a pair of city slicker, fashion high-heeled girly sandals or pretty ‘do nothing’ shoes, except for her sturdy pair of working cowgirl boots for each field crop duty and her pair of soft deer slippers for casual walking over the grass and the wooden floors of her house.
McCamy drops the paint brush on the grass then hugs her body. He swiftly standing upright, cuddling her into his biceps as she moans with true love into his muscular chest. He leans down then tenderly kisses her soft hair, slowly moving down, planting his wet kiss on her smooth forehead, her cute nose bridge, and then finds her soft red tinted girly lips.
Tulu wobbles side to side in her new pair of sandals while balancing safely within his arms. She wraps her short arms around his muscular chest dreaming of their marriage day, in two long years, when she turns eighteen years old. The new Colonies of the U.S.A. requires that a teenager become registered, recorded and then readied for marriage at the age of eighteen years old, not before.
They emerge from their hug then pull back from their shared kiss sounding with a set of chuckles. She smiles. “I can paint me a dress, a real wedding dream gown, on my wedding day, just for you, McCamy.” He nods in silent. She looks down and then eye burns the rusty canister while pondering her wedding ceremony here at her home Colony. She will be presented by her father, on her future wedding day, to her beau McCamy. She prefers the color traditional white dress, which had been used centuries ago by the cave-dwelling bridal maidens. However, food, fabric, and fun are in very short supply here, within the new Colonies of U.S.A.


Five years ago, in the year 2076, the vicious gang of enemies targeted the wealthy, well-known nation, the United States of America blasting an array of accurate laser bombs at each major metropolitan city housing huge populations of men, women, children, household pets, wildlife animals, manicured lawns, business employers, patient hospitals, academic schools, merchandise warehouses, manufacturing factories, and United States of America, Federal, State, and Local government buildings. The result was dead, poisoned, and never to be occupied prime real estate for 10,000 or more Earth years.

The man-made laser bombs pissed off Mother Nature, too, when it was her nasty turn, she created devastatingly earthquakes on the west coastline, within the three U.S. States of California, Oregon, and Washington while separating the dirt particles from solid landscape and then drowning the entire geographical landscape of people, plants, and pets down into the deep blue depths of the cold-feeling Pacific Ocean salt waters for eternity.

Now, the western coastline of the U.S.A. begins at a low-lying valley of brown dirt, within the ancient U.S. State of Colorado, moving south across the landscape towards the new salt lakes, within the ancient U.S. State of Arizona, inside the massive and vast ancient Grand Canyon, which is named as the “Grand Lakes” now.

The land property, consisting of the independent countries of Canada, Alaska, and the North Pole, have been cut off from the rest of the U.S.A civilization exhibiting numerous swirling moon-sized whirlpools, within the nasty cold, salt waters of the Pacific Ocean, where the dangerous waters eat both sperm whales and battle ships as an appetizer. And the current dangerous landscape contains scattered ship-sized craters of heated soil coming up from a range of active volcanic steam plumes and lakes of hot sizzling lava beds that live inside a set of underground caverns.

Mother Nature also decided to re-decorate the rest of the U.S.A. landscape stomping a gigantic eighteen-mile deep, diamond-shaped sinkhole starting at the ancient, dead city of Memphis, within the U.S. State of Tennessee, traveling upwards to the ancient, dead city of Fargo, within U.S. State of North Dakota then moving across to the ancient, dead city of Denver, within the U.S. State of Colorado and finally going downwards to the ancient, dead city of Oklahoma City, within the U.S. State of Oklahoma while wiping out the entire Mid-Western America landscape from the global map. The sinkhole measures 895 miles long by 850 miles wide.

Traveling westward from the southern town of Vicksburg, within the U.S. State of Mississippi, towards the city of Phoenix, within the U.S. State of Arizona, Mother Nature has planned, planted, and implemented numerous rows of active and dangerous vertically tall skyscraper-like volcanoes spitting out sizzling, gray-tinted ash plumes and sizzling rivers of heated red lava particles that covers the heated landscape down beyond to the ancient country of Mexico.

Next, Mother Nature has twisted her evil plot by flooding the entire eastern coastline of 1,595 lands miles, within the U.S.A. landscape, coming from the ancient, dead city of Portland, within the U.S. State of Maine down to the ancient, dead city of Miami, within the U.S. State of Florida and then going beyond the salty water seas and edge of the landscape hitting the small country of Cuba, where millions of drowned houses and dead Homo sapiens peacefully sleep foreverly on top of the Continental Shelf, within the deep blue Atlantic Ocean heated, salt waters.

Thus, the ancient city of Birmingham, that used to reside in the center of the U.S. State of Alabama, forms the new southeast corner of the ancient United States of America and is geographically called, the South Beach Colony or South Beach.



Back into the present day, time, and place, the newly created Birmingham Mountains, which was once called the Appalachian Foothills, begins at a tiny northeastern corner of the radiated and dead city of Charleston, within the U.S. State of West Virginia heading in a southwest direction for 440 miles, creating a row of average tall 700-foot high mountain cliffs, that guard the repositioned Gulf of Mexico warm waters from harm.
After the war of fighting humans and the vicious wrath of Mother Nature, the following U.S. States, North Carolina, Virginia, South Carolina, Florida, almost all of Georgia, half of Alabama, and one-third section of West Virginia, encountered too many war bombs and tons of nasty weather patterns causing the natural landscape to fall off the North America continent drowning first then sinking down to the bottom floor of the Atlantic Ocean waters, lying there foreverly, along with the humans, animals, and trees.
From the center geographical landscape in in Alabama down to the sandy shoreline of L.A. or Lower Alabama, that land mass broke off into dirt balls sliding down into the Gulf of Mexico warm waters, too, taking all the people, places, and pet with it.
The northern edge of the new Birmingham Mountain Range starts at the dead and radiated town of Charleston, within the U.S. State of West Virginia, creating a slightly semi-crooked diagonal line going through the other surviving cities of Madison, West Virginia, downwards into the ancient U.S. State of Tennessee and into the towns of Knoxville, Farragut, Sweetwater, and Lookout Mountain, heading further south into the ancient city of Trenton, Georgia, and goes further south into the ancient U.S. State of Alabama including the towns of Fort Payne, Collinsville, Reece City, Attalia, Trussville, and finally Birmingham.
Now, the warm waters of the Gulf of Mexico and the cool waters of the Atlantic Ocean has merged creating hot, sizzling heated waters along with weird aquatic mammals that like to get humans and land animals for their breakfast, brunch, lunch, mid-day snack, supper, dinner, and midnight snack meal.
If the heated waters and hot sea monsters are not enough to scare your butthole shitless, the high water levels will. When all of that extra, heavy landmass hit the North America Continental Shelf, like a pile of bricks, the Shelf did not displace the new property but increased the water level upwards by 40 miles. Now, the heated waters and the hungry sea monsters splash around and playfully slap the 700-high mountain cliffs, at a mile marker of 480 feet, only on an average of 220 feet from the cliff.

That’s both too close and too scary!

Back in the South Beach Colony, the fine weather provides excellent fertile top soil for food, livestock, and natives. The natives are called South Beachers, which is named after the deeply bronze tinted skin tissue on each working farmer, made from the wind, the heat and the sun.
The newly created Colonies of U.S.A. is governed by numerous sorta but not true governmental authority figures, called a Director. The Director does not hold governmental powers but distributes merchandise, such like, food, equipment parts, and clothes to his or her designated Colonies.
One Director uses one or more Superintendents to maintain both the peace and prosperity, within each geographically assigned Colony. Every year, each Colony and their assigned Director chooses one sixteen-year-old Apprentice to escape from their harsh country-bumpkin lifestyle and then advance their business career. Their new business career provides the winning Apprentice with a beautiful house, within each Metro City. The lucky Apprentice and the Apprentice’s family members also receive unlimited healthcare for their parents, education for their children, and employment for a lifetime as a new city slicker.
South Beach Colony
   (45 miles, south, Metro City Birmingham)
Farm owners, Thelee and Tourann
Father and mother of Tulu and Taffy

02:40 p.m.
Hot sizzling sunlight at 85 degrees Fahrenheit
   winds southwest winds at 10 miles-per-hour of ocean breeze
      with 85 percent humidity


Tulu claps with delight as each bite-nats bracelet bangs against her boney wrist saying with a smile. “I’m so happy, McCamy! Thank you for my wonderful present! I’ll cherish my new bracelets and my new fashion sandals, foreverly.”
“You can’t do that, muffin. Another drawback of the bite-nats is you can never remove the ‘think object’ from the human, naked flesh, like a pair of worn shoes,” he gently touches her temple saying with a smile and a nod. “It is truly a figment of your brain imagination.” He softly chuckles with his wonderful birthday gift for his girl.
“No! I can feel the warm leather of the sandal and each smooth stone on my bracelets.”
“Yes! You can, but you cannot remove the sandal. It is sorta soldered onto your naked foot, unlike a pair of iron shoes on my horse’s hoofs.”
She smiles. “Then I can wear them to bed and wear them, foreverly, all day and night.”
McCamy looks away from Tulu and wears a stern face turning to see the flat field crops of yellow corn, tall tan-colored wheat stalks, and brown-tinted soy beans and then returns back to see her eyeballs. One is bright emerald green; the other is bronze golden brown. He loves her pair of eyeballs, her long black colored hair, and her bronze tinted skin.
She rolls her eyeballs and then frowns at McCamy, shaking her leg with a bite-nats pink tinted sandal. “All right! The sandals are not the most appropriate shoe wear for handling a basket of corn husks or a tub of grain, but they feel like a pair of the sandals. And the sandals are permanently attached to my naked skin. I don’t understand.”
“Think of the object: paint,” he smiles and then reaches down to the object on the ground.
Tulu closes her two eyelashes and then mentally concentrates on the ‘think object: paint.’ Then she tumbles down on her naked feet, on top of the wildflowers, looking down her feet, wiggling her toes. She giggles with delight of her new birthday present. The physical pair of sandals have disappeared and has left rings of pink paint on each foot skin plus the original three stripes of pink tinted circles appear on her naked arm also.
He reaches over and then playfully sprays a hose pipe of cold water at her naked feet and then on her naked arm as the pink paint cleanly washes away and then disappears from her body, like magic, too.
“All gone!” McCamy grins dropping the garden hose pipe down to the ground, leaning over, and hugs his girl, planting his face on top of her honeysuckle-smelling hair roots, exhaling a deep sigh of love.
“Uoo! You, warty he-toad!” Tulu tries to beat her two fists on his hard chest within the tender hug but cannot.
He smiles without moving from her hair roots. “That’s not a nice compliment, coming from my future wife.” He pulls back from the hug and then leans down kissing her lips, before another nasty vocal assault, pulling back with a smile. He releases Tulu and then drops down to the grass, again, replacing the lid over the open canister, storing it back inside a black-tinted ratty backpack. He lifts the backpack from the ground and then places it onto her collar bone saying with a wink and a smile. “Hide the paint! No bragging to Taffy or your parents! Okay!” Tulu frowns. He exhales with a nod. “Muffin, it is illegal to own a canister of colorful bite-nats. I purchased the paint for your sixteenth birthday for you and not for you to share with anyone else. All right!”
She nods in silence.
He looks up with a smile at the drooping sun. “Time’s up and it’s passed the fifteen-minute deadline.” He views Tulu. “Let’s go and get some grub! I’m starving!” McCamy reaches out and tucks Tulu into his armpit swiftly moving ahead with his girl to her house for the supper meal.



Metro City Birmingham location
(45 miles, north, South Beach Colony)
Gray sky and dark storm clouds with cool temperatures

Dance Hall setting
02:48 p.m.


Inside a crumbling, three-story, brown-bricked, rectangular-shaped structure, on the first floor, within the cold open space, four oversized, thickly padded but worn wooden chairs stand center stage on top of an empty, dull-looking wooden stage platform. The platform holds palm-sized holes leading down into the basement setting and it views a faded yellow-painted both formal and former dance hall room setting, which was once part of a prosperous metro city, in the year 2076, known as the Birmingham Civic Center, within the U.S. State of Alabama.
A Civic Center is a tall building mostly made of brick or stone without glass windows. The interior walls are solid plaster holding social or civil events for the people, such like, grand banquet holding 1,000 individuals for a single wedding reception or a business meeting, viewing a Hollywood film or a Broadway play or an animal circus or a pod of twirling ice skaters or a showcase of new computers, or a playing two football teams plus side rows of eating establishments. The building is surrounded by numerous multi-story hotels with individual rental rooms for sleeping and bathing and numerous golf courses, hiking trails, walking parks, and swimming pools for playing.
Before the war, the Birmingham Civic Center comprises vast floor space for both sports and concert events, business and trade conventions, ballrooms for dinners and dances, and theaters for singers and shows. The building can house 23,000 patrons. The biggest feature of a civic center is the multiple connection points to major traveling roadways for ease of accessing the hall and then the swift speed of departure.
The concert hall holds 2,825 seats to hear and view orchestra concerts, ballet and jazz dance performances, and Broadway plays. The performance stage measures 84 feet wide by 88 feet long by 24 feet high. A pipe organ sits in the wall corner beside the entrance of the backstage platform. There are two chorus room and twenty dressing rooms, two rehearsal concert halls, 
A 1,000 seats inside the theater setting is used to see and hear and feel all singing operas, dancing ballerinas, smaller musical concerts and Broadway stage shows. The stage platform measures 45 feet long by 70 feet wide by 60 feet high overlooking a 16,000 ballroom floor. Surrounding the ballroom floor, a curved There are two rehearsal rooms, two chorus practice rooms, and ten dressing rooms with a star’s dressing room. 
The grand Exhibition Hall is one room and measures 220,000 square feet for large trade shows and meeting conventions accommodating 1,200 individual exhibition booths.
The 100,000 square feet contains 64 meeting rooms and a 16,000 square foot ballroom dance and dinner space holding 1,200 individuals.
A ten-story office building features meeting spaces, including academic classrooms, conference rooms, and 800-individual business offices.
The deadly array of 2076 A.D. war bombs destroyed and/or damaged most of the tall buildings, including the majority floor levels within the Birmingham Civic Center. However, Hico was able to resurrect one hotel building with individual bedroom settings and the massive theater space used for the Apprenticeship Program. The stage platform used to measure 45 feet long by 70 feet wide by 60 feet high overlooking a 16,000 square feet dancing ballroom floor. Surrounding the ballroom floor, four tiers of curved concrete benches holding 1,200 individuals.
Now, the theater space has been remade and renamed as the Dance Hall. The Dance Hall environment displays an elevated stage platform standing upright four feet from the flat dance floor; 30 feet in length and 50 feet in width, with a ceiling rooftop 60 feet high from the wooden stage. The stage platform overlooks a newly constructed 2,000 square feet ballroom dance floor between four walls of ugly peeling white tinted wallpaper with tiny lavender flowers. The cold harsh winters and cool air temperatures leak into the old building changing, modifying and disintegrating all the man-made materials. Built within one side wall corner and part of the entrance wall, six tiers of curved concrete benches can hold 1,500 individuals.
Further down the outside hallway, two rehearsal practice rooms and two converted chorus practice rooms are ready to accept all the new Apprentices for the annual competition. The ten cozy individual dressing rooms serve as private offices for the Metro City employees.
On top of the wooden stage platform, standing at six feet and four inches in height, a male of beauty possesses a perfect smile of straight, white teeth, a set of muscular biceps, a tone of bronze-tinted skin tissue, and a head of wavy, shoulder-length, blonde hair curls. He wears an un-zipped, silk, red-tinted, sleeveless, shirtless vest and a pair of matching trousers underneath a pair of flashy, red leather, soft dance shoes. He is the assigned superintendent of the North Ridge Mountain Colony. He is a native of the colony, which are called Riders. He survived the nuclear war and earned a job promotion dwelling within Birmingham Metro City overseeing the education and needs of his home colony. His name is Kodare and features a slender, dancer body frame with lean muscles.

Do not let Kodare fool you!

He is an old man of beauty, at the old age of 50 years, but appears 30 years old.
Before the deadly F-bombs and the deadly war battles, Kodare lived in the city of Chattanooga, within the U.S. State of Tennessee. His home town sits 180 miles, southwest, from Knoxville, Tennessee and 147 miles, northeast, of Birmingham, Alabama. The town lie in the valley floor at 676 feet above sea level and is surrounded by mountain peaks. The valley town consists of 150.69 square miles of landscape; 142.97 square miles of land and 07.72 square miles of water. The city lies beside the Tennessee River at the toenails of the Appalachian Mountain Range.
Lookout Mountain is one of the major peaks standing both upright and upwards, into the pale blue cloudy skyline at 1,832 feet high with 01.34 square miles summit of solid rock, without bodies of fresh water.
In the year 2021, in the month of July, Mother Nature created an earthquake that shook the solid ground, at 01.80 magnitude, on the 10.00 earthquake scale, five miles, east by northeast from the town of Lakesite, within the U.S. State of Tennessee, too close near the Lookout Mountain range.

In the year of 2076 A.D., the war bombs destroyed the flat landscape and lush forestlands on top of the ground and then murdered lots all of local residents burning the crop fields, killing the livestock, and destroying the wildlife. That’s a given point during a world war. However, Mother Nature became pissed off at all the pest humans destroying her private property and native animals and insects. So, she created a line of anger volcanoes raising up the ground soil staring at 676 feet high soaring upwards to a sky mile of 2,001 feet.

Yeah, baby!

Each earth soil quaked and the land mass shook releasing massive amounts of penned up, underground energy balls upwards into the solid surface landscape. The land mass displaced all the dirt particles, tree roots, and plant bushes thrusting the underground stones and rocks upwards, shifting the soil, the humans, the animals upright too and then plowed over the valley towns of East Ridge, Red Bank, Middle Valley and Cleveland, within the Tennessee property, and the city of Dalton, Georgia, in rock and dirt, foreverly, a dry graveyard of decaying bones.
The few survivors, including Superintendent Kodare, plus all the new migrants coming from all the destroyed valley towns, climbed up a steeple, tall, safe, and still standing Lookout Mountain establishing a new homestead and renamed the place North Ridge Mountain, within the ancient U.S. State of Tennessee.
The residents reside on three mountain sides, inside an individual tree houses made of raw tree timbers. The surviving and thriving residents rappel up and down into the lush forestlands around the shallow caves for both food and water.
The current weather pattern displays 66 degrees Fahrenheit, winds from the southeast at three miles-per-hour, and 52 percent humidity.
The natives use a set of ropes traveling up and down from tree house to tree house visiting or the lush sideways forestlands for obtaining both food and water while earning the nickname, the Riders. The sun shines brilliantly keeping the trees warm and growing upwards towards the pretty skyline, but each native will stay safely indoors, not outdoors. So, each Rider native naturally possesses a head of blonde hair, a tone of pale skin, and a pair of blue eyeballs.
Inside a cozy compartment behind one of the wall-papered walls, a musical controller sits in a chair behind a tall warm metal console starting to test all of the musical songs for the upcoming annual Apprenticeship Program.
The musical song Love Me Tender was performed by American singer and songwriter Elvis Presley, on September 9, 1956, and as he appeared on the broadcasted television program The Ed Sullivan Show to the people, that pre-sold 1,000,000 copies of his new single musical record. The musical song was written by songwriters Elvis Presley, Vera Matson, and Greg Alan Sykes.
The premiere release of the Hollywood movie film Love Me Tender happened on November 15, 1956 at the Paramount Theatre, in New York City, within the U.S. State of New York. The first week grossed 540,000.00 U.S. dollars.


Wasn’t it just yesterday?
When you held me near
Whispering the sweetest words
That I longed to head

Love me tender,
Love me sweet,
Never let me go

You have made my life complete
And I love you so

Love me tender,
Love me true,
All my dreams fulfilled

For my darling I love you
And I always will

Love me tender
(Love me tender)
Love me long
Take me to your heart

For it’s there, that I belong,
And we’ll never part

Love me tender,
Love me true
All my dreams fulfilled

For my darling I love you
And I always will

Love me tender,
Love me true
Tell me you are mine

I’ll be yours through all the years
Till the end of time

Love me tender,
Love me true
All my dreams fulfilled

For my darling I love you
(I love you)
And I always will
And I always will


Kodare stands in front of the row of wooden chair pacing side to side while narrating to his four fellow co-workers. “United States of America has changed foreverly, since Nuke War Three. Land masses have dissolved into ashes and then plummeted down into the acidic oceans of both the Atlantic and Pacific Ocean waves. The U.S.A. looks like a square-shaped donut hole with a 900-mile sinkhole smack dab in the middle of the map, where the previous U.S. States of North Dakota, Oklahoma, Kansas, Arkansas, Missouri and others used to stand. Life thrives on the outer edges of the donut hole, where warmer weather, abundant food, and a healthy Colonist lifestyle stay there rather than adventuring into the northern cold, wet, miserable sister Colonies.” Kodare reaches over and slams the hand-held television screen on top of his assigned padded chair seat then scoots away from both vicious Superintendent Doboil and flirty Superintendent Vovina, thinking about the upcoming encounter with the new group of boys for the annual Honeysuckle Ball.
Superintendent Vovina is the representative of the South Beach Colony as none of the original or raw natives care to associate with the local Colonies of the U.S.A. government authority or authorities preferring both a living place of isolation and independent. The true natives are referenced as the Beachers. And the Beachers do not send an alive and breathing native representative to Birmingham Metro City. So, Vovina is not a native Beacher either living all of her adult life here within Birmingham Metro City. And her former childhood is none of your business also. She was asked to represent the South Beach Colony decades ago and accepted the position by Director Hico.
She possesses a head of waist-length, long, blonde-tinted hair strands curled on the side of her face, a pair of aqua-colored eyeballs, and a tone of white tinted skin. She measures five feet and eight inches in height with a slender dancer body frame too. She wears ten manicured green-tinted painted fingernails and purple tinted toenails. Her light pale tinted ball gown fits tightly onto her trim, slender, dancer body exhibiting a bare back and a three-foot dress train. She parades in a pair of white-colored, three-inch heeled fashion sandals. She flutters a pair of orange-tinted, maracas-covered eyelashes against the purple and pink tinted eye shadow, a pair of orange tinted cheekbones, and a pair of red tinted lips.

Do not be afraid, ya’ll!

Vovina is an old woman at the age of 47 years old but appears as the younger age of 30 years old, with her female secretive mystery.
She grows tired of pacing the hard wooden floor then slowly sanders ahead and stops smoothly stealing the precious shiny object from Kodare’s padded chair, touching the first button. She watches rows of tiny figures that sing and dance on the tiny television screen. She smiles down at the device. “Where did you receive this lovely device, Kodare? They sing songs, play instruments, dance on tap shoes, and perform an ancient Hollywood show. This is awesomely stimulating! Can I keep it, please? I believe this would be a nice gift to my natives inside the South Beach Colony.” She looks up and smile at Hico. “What do you think, Hico?” She wiggles the device near her grin. “This device is very, very nice, indeed. This device would persuade more of the South Beach farmers to leave their homes and then come here, settling here, while …”
“...we steal their fertile lands, their fresh water, and their healthy hot springs.” Kodare laughs as his voice echoes throughout the empty dancing ballroom spinning around and views her, “Yes, Vovina! It’s a very good idea. As a matter of fact, it’s an excellent idea, that I figured out first, all by myself. And I got another excellent idea. How about this one? We generously give a shiny plaything to the simple-minded heathens in exchange for plots of crop land that grow healthy foods to sustain my person for another seventy-five years or more. An awesome-struck concept, wouldn’t you agree, Vovina? I have acquired two farms, last week. Do you like my old song and dance tune? Hmm, Vovina!”
Vovina turns and sneers at Kodare. “You snake, I’m the Superintendent of the South Beach Colony. I am the one that controls all of those dumb crop farmers. And I manipulate them to my will, not yours. You went behind my back…”
“… side…” Doboil laughs. “I like your exposed back side. It’s nice and nicely suntanned. Have you visited the South Beach sizzling rocks lately? As opposed, I guess being stuck up here in the freezing cold and ice icicles with us. Maybe, you have dripped a toe into one of the hot springs there too. Heard tell! The hot springs are harmony and tranquil in additional, say to be the famed, not lost ‘Foundation of Youth.’ Gossip goes rounds that you don’t use the bite-nats paint on your naked body either. Is that all true, Vovina?” He sits inside one of the worn and padded chairs wearing a smirk to Vovina hearing the new musical song. The hidden music Controller continues to test all the ancient speakers and the echoing acoustics from each different type of musical tune here within the Dance Hall.
The musical song Life in the Fast Lane was released on May 3rd, in the year 1977, by the American musical rock and roll band named Eagles.
The individual musicians had been recruited for a band playing for American musical artist Linda Ronstadt. During the tour, the four musicians formed a musical band, in the year 1971, at Linda’s house, during a musical practice session, within the city of Los Angeles, within the U.S. State of California. 
The songwriters were Donald Hugh Henley; Glenn Lewis Frey and Joseph Fidler Walsh. The musical band played Rock, Country Rock, Soft Rock, and Folk Rock sounds.


He was a hard-headed man
He was brutally handsome, and she was terminally pretty
She held him up, and he held her for ransom
In the heart of the cold, cold city

He had a nasty reputation as a cruel el dude
They said he was ruthless, they said he was crude
They had one thing in common
They were good in bed, she’d say
“Faster, faster, the lights are turning red.”

Surely make you lose your mind
(Life in the fast lane)Yeah.

Are you with me so far?

Eager for action and hot for the game
The coming attraction, the drop of a name
They knew all the right people, they took all the right pills
They threw outrageous parties, they paid heavenly bills

There were lines on the mirror, lines on her face
She pretended not to notice; she was caught up in the race
Out every evening, until it was light
He was too tired to make it, she was too tired to fight about it

Surely make you lose your mind
(Life in the fast lane) Yeah.
(Life in the fast lane) Everything, all the time.
(Life in the fast lane) A-ha.

Blowing and burning, blinded by thirst
They didn’t see the stop sign, took a turn for the worse
She said, “Listen, baby! You can hear the engine ring.
We’ve been up and down this highway
Haven’t seen a goddamn thing.”

He said, “Call the doctor! I think, I’m gonna crash.”
“The doctor say, he’s coming, but you gotta pay him cash.”
They went rushing down that freeway
Messed around and got lost
They didn’t care, they were just dying to get off, and it was

Surely makes you lose your mind
(Life in the fast lane) Yeah.
(Life in the fast lane) Everything, all the time.
(Life in the fast lane) A-ha


Doboil is a short male of five feet and five inches, with a skinny body of bones and a tone of tight flesh, possessing a head of cropped, brown-colored hair strands, a pair of green tinted eyeballs, and a tint of yellow tinted skin. His skin tissue absorbs and spreads the sulfur minerals throughout his largest skin coming from the new natural water system. He wears a long-sleeved, silk, dress shirt in bright green, matching his bright pupils, a pair of white tinted pair of tight pants, and a pair of brown-tinted dance shoes, without socks. He is a true native representing the Swamp Island Colony, which are called Swampers.
The current homestead for the Swampers lies on a long, wide fresh body of water, a river without land. Thus, each Swamper family unit or an individual Swamper person lives on a river boat. The river sits 650 feet above sea level from the warm Gulf of Mexico waters. The current weather pattern features 77 degrees Fahrenheit, winds from the southwest at four miles-per-hour and 93 percent of humidity.
Five years ago, before the Third Nuclear War, in the year 2076 A.D., the fresh water river lies beside the lively fishing town of Guntersville, within the U.S. State of Alabama. The city of Guntersville is 42.40 square miles of land and 25.40 miles of land and 17 miles of water or 40 percent of fresh water. The dead residents rest on the hard soil of the Sequatchie Valley and play at the edge of the Tennessee River and Lake Guntersville.
The Sequatchie Valley is a long and narrow flat land located in lower portion of Tennessee and the upper region of Alabama and the valley is part of the Cumberland Plateau region coming from the Appalachian Mountain Range. The unique feature of the Sequatchie Valley the straightness formed by erosion of a compression anticline, not the rifting process. The flat valley floor is perfectly straight like the Prime Creator wants, 150 miles long by 65 miles wide.
Lake Guntersville consists of 69,000 acres of naturally fresh water with numerous native fish and it is the biggest lake, within the U.S. State of Alabama. The lake was created by a man-made dam structure, not Mother Nature.

Damn!

During and after the war bombings, the dam structure broke apart tumbling down into massive chunks of dangerous, deadly, hard rock boulders killing the first wave of both humans and animals. Then the dam water flooded the landscape drowning the peoples, the properties, and pets, except for most of swimming fishies and hissing water snakes.
The dam waters plus the massive rainstorms increased the river water level covering the west escapement on Little Mountain, within Tennessee, and Sand Mountain on eastern escapement, within Alabama.
The ancient towns of Pikeville, Dunlap, Whitwell, and Jasper in the U.S. State of Tennessee and the cities of Bridgeport, Scottsboro, Guntersville, and Blountsville in the U.S. State of Alabama now exist at the bottom of the massive river waterway, sealing, and preserving all the wet skeletons of humans and animals in a forever watery graveyard.
The few survivors, not including Doboil, plus the new set of migrants from the underwater towns learned to build and reside on fleets of rolling river boats, not solid ground, eating the aquatic life forms. Thus, the natives are called, the Swampers and resides in the Swamp Island Colony.
Before the war, Doboil resided in L.A. or the Lower Alabama region that meshed very nicely with the white sandy beaches of the Florida panhandle and the Gulf of Mexico salty coastline. When the bombing started, numerous coastal towns were hit and then destroyed. He loaded into his personal boat with his family members sailing up numerous inland Alabama fresh water rivers, in escape. When the intensity of the bombing continued, Doboil avoided both capture and death by surrendering all his family members to the enemies or the hunger gators, sacrificing his wife, three elementary children, one infant baby, four parents and eight grandparents, saving his lousy person. When the war stopped, he anchored, alone and lonely, within the fresh waters of flooded Lake Guntersville, which was renamed, the Swamp Island Colony.
All for one, not everyone else! The survivor cry came by each desperate starving, healthy survivor.
A wounded survivor received no help or food or support or supplies, eventually dying from food or water starvation or the barrel of smoking gun or the fangs from hunger animal.

Do not be deceived either!

Doboil is a middle-age male of 45 years old but looks 31 years old.
“Your flattery is flat, Doboil! Vovina, please, present your media blurb for my determination.” Director Hico sits in the center of the five wooden chairs, like an ancient throne chair, without the royal crown and robes, wearing a stern face.
Hico is a complete mystery man to his four employees with no family members or a circle of friends. He is unmarried and too old for his own children. If you dare to search the previous medical records, here in Birmingham Metro City, Hico is recorded as 53 years old, in the year 2073 A.D., before the Third Nuclear War. Five years later, in the year 2078 A.D., he appears as a young 30 years old male possessing a thick head of rich black tinted hair, a tone of wrinkle-free, pale tinted skin, a pair of aqua pupils and an oval-shaped face. He measures six feet tall with a plump body frame wearing a business suit in maroon hue, featuring a long jacket, a pink-tinted dress shirt, a green and pink bowtie, a pair of cuffed trousers, and a pair of shiny maroon leather shoes with pink-tinted socks.
Hico does not claim to fame a lost home like his four employees but enjoys telling stories about the ancient Birmingham town. Thus, he is a native from here living, fighting and surviving here too.
On top of the elevated stage platform, Superintendent Vovina reads from a sheet of paper narrating to her four co-workers, “Birmingham Metro City, the center of excellence that postures this Colony in the first position! We create an array of beneficial cozy comforters for any wandering Colonist, who has survived Nuke War Three.” She views and smiles to Hico. Hico nods in silence. Vovina nods then continues. “Where the Colonist might transverse from the North Ridge Mountain, a colony of hunters, or the Grand Rock Canyon; a colony of rocks or the Swamp Island…”
Doboil smiles. “Swampy water is composed of clay, sand, and hard coal chunks. That’s not a very good advertisement point, here, to the young teens, Hico! Colonists do not wanna fight with any of the Ecosystem Rejects, like a pod of deformed humpback dolphins or a nest of vicious people-chomping alligators. They want a nice easy life of luxury and peace and harmony that supplies warm days, hot nights, and a steaming bathe inside a lost hot spring.”
“Hold that thought! Hot Spring Fling! That can be our new theme for the upcoming annual dance contest, which is held here in Birmingham Metro City, every year.” Kodare nods with a laugh to Doboil. “Clever, ain’t it and ain’t I?”
Doboil exhales, “Ain’t it! Are you challenging the proper name of the Apprenticeship Program, bubba?”
Starbe agrees with her legally married husband Doboil and says with a smile. “It was named, Gator Town, in your formal life, ain’t it, honey-pie? When the gators swam up from the burning water of the Everglades and found a new source of food, humans. They aren’t called ‘swamp things’ anymore, Kodare.” She softly giggles then hears the new musical song.
The musical song Hillbilly Bone was performed by American Country musical artist Blade Shelton in the year 2011. The musical songwriters were Craig Michael Wiseman and Luke Robert Laird.


O man! You’ve gotta watch, where you’re stepping around here
Yeah! I got a friend in New York City
He's never heard of Conway Twitty

Don’t know nothing about grits and greens
Never been south of Queens
But he flew down here on a business trip
I took him honky tonk-ing and that was it
He took to it like a pig to mud, like a cow to cud

We all got a hillbilly bone down deep inside
No matter where you from you just can’t hide it
And when the band starts banging and the fiddle saws
You can't help but hollering, “Yeehaw!”
When you see them pretty little country queens
Man, you gotta admit that’s in them genes
Ain’t nothing wrong, just getting on your
Hillbilly bone, ba-bone, ba-bone, bone

Nah! You ain’t gotta be born out in the sticks
With an F-one fifty and a thirty naught-six,
Or have a bubba in the family tree

To get on down with me
All you need is an open mind
If it fires you up, you gotta let it shine
When it feels so right that it can’t be wrong
Come on, come on, come on

We all got a hillbilly bone down deep inside
No matter, where you from you just can’t hide
And when the band starts banging and the fiddle saws
You can’t help but hollering, “Yeehaw!”
When you see them pretty little country queens
Man, you gotta admit that’s in them genes
Ain’t nothing wrong, just getting on your
Hillbilly bone, ba-bone, ba-bone, bone

Come on ya’ll!

We all got a hillbilly bone down deep inside
No matter, where you from you just can’t hide
And when the band starts banging and the fiddle saws
You can't help but hollering, “Yeehaw!”
When you see them pretty little country queens
Man, you gotta admit that’s in them genes
Ain’t nothing wrong, just getting on your

Hillbilly bone, ba-bone, ba-bone, bone
Hillbilly done, ba-bone, ba-bone, bone
Hillbilly done, ba-bone, ba-bone, bone


Starbe is a petite, skinny woman of five feet and two inches possessing a tone of pink tinted skin tissue, a pair of violet-tinted eyeballs, and a head of short, cropped red flaming hair strands. She is dressed in an ankle-length gala gown in silver tinted sequins featuring a halter top and a fitted waistline, and a two-foot dress train, a pair of matching high-heeled fashion sandals and displays one white tinted, satin, elbow glove on her short arm. The other glove lays in her lap. Her toenails are painted in bright yellow hue. Her long fingernails are coated in rich black.
She hails from the ancient city of Knoxville, within the U.S. State of Tennessee.
In the year 2076 A.D., the city of Knoxville, within the U.S. State of Tennessee consists of 104.20 square miles of landscape, which is 98.50 square miles of land and 05.60 miles of water. The lowest elevation is 800 feet above sea level on the Tennessee River. The Tennessee River flows through the middle of the flat valley lands. The various hilltops with high summits include 1,391 feet upwards to 2,064 feet into the pale blue skyline.
The city proper with houses, peoples, farms, livestock, pets, wild animals, trees, bushes, flowers, and insects lies in a flat valley called the Great Appalachian Valley halfway between the Great Smoky Mountain Range on the east and the Cumberland Plateau to the west. The flat valley displays long, narrow short ridged hills surrounding a wide and long flat terrain. The flat terrain creates the first footstep into the Great Smoky Mountain’s lush and alive forests and lakes.
The city maintains a humid subtropical climate with a hot and humid summer reaching in July with an average air temperature of 78.40 °F and then a cold and wet winter, sometimes snowflakes, in the month of January with an average air temperature of 38.20 °F.
The average humidity factor is 71.50 percent. The city receives 2,613 hours or 59 days of sunshine rays of 30 percent of sunshine throughout the calendar year.
The annual rain precipitation is 48.00 inches and the seasonal snowfall is 06.50 inches. The record snowfall is 17.50 inches on February 13, 1960.
Historically, the town of Knoxville was a way station or a resting and refreshing spot for eastern, northern, and southern travelers and numerous migrants heading to the Wild West of America.
In the year 1914, the Candoro Marble Works opened for business and started mining for the pink marble importing the stone throughout the world. Pink marble is a type of crystalline limestone mineral found only in the geographical location of eastern Tennessee mountains of Knoxville.
Marble is a natural resource on Planet Earth. Thus, a marble bed embedded into the soil is a finite region, on the surface of the world and created by Mother Nature.
To mine the deeply embedded and hidden naturally formed marble stone, the rock is cut out from the ground or off the side of a mountain using diamond-stubbed, fast-moving, man-made cutting equipment tractors, creating a big hole or quarry pit. The pit is mathematical shaped into a gigantic square with tall sides and smooth flat floors without a rooftop, of course.
After the town of Knoxville had been selected by the United States of America, Federal Government branch as the main headquarter building for the newly created Tennessee Valley Authority or T.V.A., the city started to grow towards the north, down to the south and sideways to the east and west, within the flat valley, using millions of United States Federal, State and Local taxpayers’ dollars creating ugly and tall commercial buildings for businesses.
The Tennessee Valley Authority (T.V.A.) is the largest public electricity power provider in the United States of America supplying nuclear powered electricity to 5,000,000 homes and businesses. In the year 2020, the federally owned and operated corporation recorded 11.80 billion dollars in revenue monies and employs 12,000 persons throughout the U.S. States of Tennessee, northern Alabama, and northern Georgia.
The solid land mass of Knoxville houses 600 office buildings containing 21 million square miles of office space, employing 500,000 individuals. The city is the home to a major university of learning college students and sports jocks; professional baseball league; professional basketball Hall of Fame; an international laboratory research center; and corporate headquarter buildings for the largest movie theater chain; the largest truck stop chain, the largest grocery store chain; the largest digital advertisement company, the largest residential trailer construction chain, the largest personal sea craft manufacturing plant, and major restaurant chains.
All these national companies require one or two physical office buildings holding their working employees. Thus, both the daytime and nighttime’s skyline are scarred with tall structures starting at 378-feet high down to 336-feet high, down to 294-feet high, going down to 266 feet Sunsphere.
The Sunsphere is the name of a 266-foot high steel truss structure topped with a golden glass sphere built for the 1982 World’s Fair. A four-story concert amphitheater was completed and used for the same event.
The rest of the building offices stand at 210 feet, down to 196 feet, down to last skyscraper of 168 year.
The metropolitan towns surrounding the city of Knoxville includes Knox, Anderson, Blount, Campbell, Alcoa, Blaine, Maryville, Lenoir City, Loudon, Farragut, Oak Ridge, Rutledge, Clinton, Bean Station, Maynardville, Grainger, Morgan, Roane, Union, Halls Crossroads, Powell, Karns, Corryton, Concord, Morristown, Mascot, Sevierville, La Follette, Rutledge, Dandridge, Jefferson City, Gatlinburg, Pigeon Forge, Jacksboro, Harriman, Kingston, Rockwood, and Newport. The above towns represent a combined people population of 1,014,599, in the year 2008 A.D.
In the year 2076 A.D., the people population has swelled and then dwelled to 4,500,000 individuals, creating family units of mothers, fathers, teenagers, children, babies, and elderly citizens.
During Nuclear War Three, millions of dangerous, destructive and deadly war bombs coming from the U.S.A.’s enemies targeted the high hilltops blasting tons of dirt balls, rock boulders, animal guts, massive tree limbs up in the air first then falling down over the flat terrain second. The streets and buildings were covered and damaged in dirt, rock, limbs, and bone parts.
The enemy continued to blast off the hilltops, until every mountain peak was a flattened down into an ugly pancake-shape with burning forests and scorched dirt, on top of a damaged and holey ground soil. The surface shook, but not with numerous earthquakes.
Millions of people, plants, and pets died instantly during the first round of the nasty bombardment that lasted three weeks, until the great United States of America defended and then defeated their enemies leaving massive destruction, disease, starvation, and poverty among the healthy or injured or dying Americans.  The Knoxville survivors survived to encounter a more dangerous and deadly foe, Mother ‘fucking’ Nature. Mother Nature released her personal nasty wrath implementing the supercell weather pattern.
A supercell is a severe low-hanging thunderstorm, with the present of a cyclone threat and a rotating updraft of forced winds bouncing off the ground soil heading straight upwards into the sky. The supercell stands 50,000 feet in the skyline producing hundreds of earth-touching tornadoes tearing up the lovely landscape for thousands of land miles, killing millions of people, destroying millions of homes, and murdering millions of insects, snakes, spider, wildlife, livestock animals, and family pets.
The supercell thunderstorms ripped the damaged and remaining skyscraper buildings from the from the ground first and then tossed all the loose dangerous items and some humans upwards into the nasty black-tinted skyline and then slammed all the heavy objects and dead bodies back down onto the nasty ground creating a twisted mountain of metal parts and pieces.
All the damaged and non-damaged structures consisting of tall office buildings, retail shops, warehouses, manufacturing plants, cotton gins, game stadiums, museums, churches, boats, automobiles, trucks, farm equipment, construction equipment, street pavements, driveway pavements, residential houses, play parks, cable lines of electricity and hanging telephone and computer wires were slammed down from the skyline, plowed the ground surface and then all shoved into the massive gigantic quarry pit, where pink marble stones were mined. Thus, the landscape was cleared and cleaned creating tiny home-made shelter tents for the survivors, until the next set of nasty weather.
Over the weeks, the supercell nasty thunderstorms continued to ravage and rage on both the landscape and the survivors. So, the survivors ditched their home-made tents and then sot protective shelter down inside an underground cavern within the quarry pit saving their lives.
Over the next weeks, Mother Nature was both cruel and vicious sending the supercell nasty thunderstorms over the landscape again at a damaged Knoxville and surrounding towns, communities, and tent shelters.
So, the leaders of the survivors presented and proposed for the peoples and pets to live inside the underground mand-made quarry pits. The massive six-miles wide and eight-miles long quarry pit featured a massive 40 feet deep hole but contained scattered tiny individual cavern holding equipment and supplies. The peoples and the pets agreed. So, they moved and occurred each individual quarry caves living safely from the supercell thunderstorms, thriving peacefully. The hunters raided the local forests for food, fruits, and water.
After six months, in the year 2076 A.D., with more nasty supercell thunderstorms, dragging huge pieces of twisted metal up from the open forty-foot deep quarry pit, dropping metal bombs and then murdering some of the brave survivors, the leaders decided to pave a floor of strong and pretty pink marble over the pit hole, covering the twisted metal mess. Over the years, the leaders used maintained and utilized the same moving and paving equipment slowly covering miles of dirt soil, into a smooth, pretty, pink-tinted, permanent marble floor. The marble rock nicely cemented with both the metals and the dirt balls, foreverly, without resurfacing a single piece of metal and then also sent all the nasty earth-bound tornadoes towards another thriving township, without both death and destruction on the community of Knoxville, within the U.S. State of Tennessee.
Over time, that smooth, pretty, pink-tinted marble floor went for miles and miles and held permanently, without erosion, for years, as traveling persons walked on top of the marble stone along with the new United States of American. Government, sorta, established authority leaders, they quickly renamed the community of Knoxville into the Grand Valley Colony. The natives are nicknamed, the Rockers as they reside inside the marble rock caverns. Their natural D.N.A. genes has morphed their human skin tissue into pink hue from settling pink tinted marble dust with a pair of spooky, scary, bright, yellow-tinted eyeballs from living inside a cave, without natural sunlight. And their hair roots absorbed the pink-tinted marble dust too highlighting their natural hair strands with pink-tinted or glowing red colors.

Present day and time and space, back inside the ugly dance hall environment, walking around the same elevated stage platform, while avoiding a collision into Vovina, Kodare nods and states to his co-workers, “An evil swamp thing then! Hico, I have a better idea than giving out a tiny, shiny television thing, in exchange, for a plowed farm field of future food crops. Since, it’s my idea and my resources and isn’t working to maximum effectiveness, which will take the rest of the century, that I don’t plan on seeing. Listen to this! We hold a dance contest and then personally invite all the pretty gals and guys from the South Beach Colony to join our Apprenticeship Program. Once here, we lure the entire farm family here to Birmingham Metro City, kill them all, and then take possession of all farm lands via the Metro City protective rule, of course.” He chuckles with his brilliant idea.
“How about an archery contest? We can use sharp, pointy arrows. Or better yet, we can provide a shooting range with a handgun, which is both quicker and less messier.” Doboil says then grins at his slick comment.
“Be very careful here, my set of reject non-Nature Boys! My South Beachers are a set of crop farmers and expert cowboys with a big emphasize on the ‘boy’ part and my present company is totally excluded.” Vovina points to each male and laughs out loud, saying with a firm tone. “A cowboy with a big gun that shoots, spits, and saddles your behind faster than a can of dry bite-nats paint. I will speculate further here, if you invite their pretty girl, then you get their pretty gun. All the South Beach mamas and daddies are a compact and packed of protective tigers and tigresses over their young kin.”
Hico smiles. “My sugar plum Vovina makes an excellent analog. We can’t exclusively pick on South Beachers. Someone might get suspicious. We include, as usual, the sixteen-year-old teen representatives gathering from all the Colony natives, from my authority, coming from North Ridge Mountain, Swampland, Grand Rock Valley, and South Beach. I do favor the dance contest approach much like smooth glass as opposed to the raw blood and guts exhibition of a direct assault, for the competitive component, on my Apprenticeship Program.”
Kodare paces side to side with a stern face in front of Hico. “We used the ‘Smooth as Glass’ dance theme for the past four years. Do you remember that tall girl, Hico?” He laughs. “That girl bit your hand just like a spider.” The other Superintendents laugh out loud as Hico softly snarls with his flash back memory, recalling the tall and suntanned sixteen-year-old female.
Kodare wipes the joyous tears from his face saying with a smile. “There were four other teen representatives from South Beach Colony, who showed up here, then danced, and then didn’t win a spot, within the Apprenticeship Program,” he exhales with annoyance. “We had invited 35 families from the remaining 315 to attend our Apprenticeship Program during the Presentation Ceremony and then kept one teen Apprentice. Another failure there! The previous year, we had invited 62 families and then kept four Apprentices from going back home. The annual year before that, 78 families attended and then we kept five selected Apprentices. If you need a math lesson, that’s a reduction of 56 percent within the Apprenticeship attendance and eleven percent of the total families within the South Beach Colony. I do believe that someone is catching on out there, onto us.”
Vovina paces back and forth, shaking her curls stating with a sour frown. “I disagree with Kodare. No one’s catching onto us. We have covered our tracks perfectly. We have executed our plan precisely for the past four years. We just need a fresh new plot. And I have solved with a new solution. We include the usual set of sixteen-year-old teens and their same or older aged teen mates for a new ‘Couples Dance Contest’ which will determine the winner of our Apprenticeship Program. This brings the pretty girl and the stud-muffin guy plus both sets of families to Metro City Birmingham. Thrice the attendance, you’ll!” The other superintendents sound with a set of soft claps and numerous head nods. She wiggles the device near her smile. “And we can use this cute little toy from Kodare here too. We can broadcast the new couples’ dance contest for the very first time through the air waves, like decades ago. No loving parent would object to seeing their precious child on the old-fashion boob tube.” She laughs with an evil tone then presents a wicked grin to Hico.
“I like the new, but old concept of reviving the television devise again. But how do we kill off all the pesky South Beach Colony teens with a pair of seeing eyeballs from each Colonist, on that new television devise, Hico? Even within the newly remixed U.S.A. Government, that act is a cold-blooded murder. Cold-blooded murder is crime and punishable by law, I think.” Doboil nods with a smile to Hico. “Do we still kill people for killing other people, Hico? But we are very good with covering up accidentally accidents, plotted poisons, animal attacks…”
“…mysterious murders…” Kodare says then laughs and nods with his stern face. “But murder is still a cold blooded murderous act, in front of a live audience, for the first time ever. Since I last saw a cold-blooded murderous act, when rain of nukes hit the landscape and the people, within New York City, in the year 2073. We just survived our Third Nuclear War. People want peace, security, and happiness. I don’t simply understand, Vovina. Our plot is to rid the South Beach Colony of all the pesky farmers, not just the farm families that have a sixteen-year old teen, while stealing all the food crops, the clean bodies of water, and the amazing mystical hot springs. I can’t see your solution working effectively and benefiting us.” Kodare shakes his curls. “That’s why we established the Apprenticeship Program to capture and then eliminate the exclusive and elusive pesky farmers off their precious farm lands and then exploit the warm waters of Gulf of Mexico for our five persons. Then, all the future paying new Colonists will come to us and demand a slice of the pecan pie.”
Doboil nods with his smile then comments. “I compliment your devious mind, Vovina. And I trump it with my own evil thoughts. Let’s just rid all the dancers, not only the South Beach teens, during the new couples’ dance contest. Then there’ll be more land for us, more food for us, and more fun for us. Fun, as our fun in watching people bleed, suffer, and then die, on top of the dance floor, as long as, it is not them or one their family members. Who cares? This is pure selfish entertainment, which will be short-lived but great entertainment. We pair all the rough North Ridge Rider teens against all the mean Swamplander teens. Then, we let them duke it out with a set of live deadly weapons. Every Colonist is bored to tears inside their living room setting, at their shitty home and truly desire some type of pleasurable playtime, with a set of vicious playmates.” He laughs. “I can see it now tons of red blood staining the gray granite floor down there on the dance floor, then a suffering bleeding body over there and a dead body…”
“You’re mentally sick, Doboil!” Kodare states and spins around growling at his co-worker. He slaps his chest and smiles, “Now. I’m a peaceful man, only wanting one thing to sustain me until my…”
“…death…” Starbe laughs with her four fellow co-workers and then smiles. “Say it, out loud, Kodare! I dare you. You think it twenty-four hours of time, during day, night, sleep, bathe, and eat.” She smirks with the same evil thought.
“I want my bite-nats.” Kodare nods with a grin.
Hico exhales with a nod, “Bite-nats! Everything is a colorful hairbrush of bite-nats. I remember a time, when the thing was money. Every native had been greedy for money. Money had purchased everyone’s dreams and desires. Today, in the year 2087, bite-nats is the evil reign of happiness, health, and greedy consumption. By the way, a single bite-nats paint can is illegal from someone’s perceptive,” he chuckles with the other four superintendents. “Amusingly, my very old soul, but my fake young face of bite-nats likes your idea, Vovina. How does an artificial material invade our current and healthy life? We have fallen far from…”
“How has a can of bite-nats invaded our life? I disagree with Hico. It sustains our life, Director. Our beauty! Our grace! Our fun!” Vovina reaches up and then gingerly touches her pretty, suntanned face, prancing side to side in a purple tinted evening gown, with a three-foot dress train while secretly craving the more of the brighter and blinding spotlight, like a yesteryear former and dead Hollywood movie film starlet.
Starbe sneers with a nod then states. “The truth here, a can of bite-nats paint doesn’t prolong your precious biological life, Vovina. I know for a fact that you use a can of the bite-nats paint, all the time, because I’ve seen you without your mask. You are…”
“…a lovely, pretty person, like me, Starbe,” Kodare slaps his chest and smiles to Vovina, “So, we should negotiate or trade with the farmers, or better yet, share the find of the magical bite-nats paint cans with the dumb southern hicks. My understanding, they still don’t know about the luxurious treasure underneath their cowboy boots of bite-nats. They still don’t understand the rich purposes of the bite-nats paint. They don’t use it or ignore it or…”
“…wear it, like Vovina,” Starbe laughs with her co-workers. Vovina spins around and slaps her chest nodding for the affirmative, wearing a bright smile of nice white teeth.
Doboil nods with a stern face. “They live inside their safe and sound South Beach lands and above a hidden and mysterious Fountain of Youth hot spring. That’s located somewhere deep down within some somewhere caverns, which is inside some somewhere mountain cliff. I have been told over and over again that the secret locate is very dangerous and very difficult to reach by an average human. The heated hot steam flows upwards tenderly through a set of tiny fissures or broken pits of rock, heating the atmosphere, killing the deadly bacteria as the gentle Gulf warm breeze carries it far, far away from the cliff and the farm family member.”
“You should write teen love novels, Doboil, and make your customers pay you in bite-nats paint, make billions of dollars then quit your government job and move to the South Beach Colony.” Vovina giggles.
Hico stands upright from the chair and says with a smile. “I have decided. Kodare, pass out these mini-television devises to all the Colonies and then advertise our annual Apprenticeship Program here in Birmingham Metro City for the upcoming dance theme “Smell the…”
“…Death Honeysuckles…” Kodare states then laughs.
“Smell, the Sweet Honeysuckles…” Hico frowns at Kodare and then continues his orders, “So, each Colonist can see the visual picture and then hear the audio sound the upcoming live entertainment show here at Birmingham Metro City.”
Kodare nods in silence.
Hico smiles then orders, “Vovina, sugar plum, invite all the sixteen-year-old South Beach Colonists with a dancing or dating young male or female partner that will bring along all their immediate and extended biological family members, also, to our glorious Presentation Ceremony festivals.” Vovina nods with her smile, in silence. He exhales with a puff of annoyance then nods saying to his employee, “Doboil! I do not see your raised arm! But I feel your stinging eyeballs on my body.”
Doboil wiggles his hand, for fun, and states the words, with his concerns, “I can see many, many problems, with this unplanned of action, Hico.” He drops his hand and slaps his leg then exhales with a huff of worry.
“Then you and I are going to work out those unplanned actions and then achieve greatness. Begone, Kodare and Vovina!” Hico continues to stand in front of his ratty chair and waves his hand to both Kodare and Vovina. They quickly disappear from the elevated stage platform for their new duties.




South Beach Colony location
(45 miles, south, Metro City Birmingham)

Home of Thelee and his wife Tourann
   and their two daughters Taffy and Tulu

Suppertime setting
Warm temperatures, moonlight night and bright stars
09:09 p.m.


A nice musical tune plays in the background during the suppertime meal for the dinner guests and the family members.
The musical song All About Tonight was released on April 5, 2010 and performed by American Country singer and songwriter Blade Shelton. The music producer was Scott Hendricks. The songwriters were Rhett Akins; Dallas Davidson, and Ben Hayslip.


Don’t bother telling me, what I got coming in the morning
I already know
I got some feel-good pills and a red Gatorade by my bed
Ready to go
I’m gonna do my best to dance with every girl in this bar
Before they shut it down
Then I’ll pay my tab, climb in a cab
Heading to a spot Downtown

It’s all about tonight
Good times! And the music and laughing
And grooving to the band
Everybody’s getting right
No worries! We’re rocking
All kinds of concoctions in our hands
Yeah! Tomorrow can wait until tomorrow
It’s all about tonight

Hey, pretty thing! I’ve been looking at you
Since the moment that you walked in
I got some wild-ass buddies that love spending money
And I see you brought a couple of friends
Just tell me your name
I don’t need your number or a date next Saturday
Baby, let’s act like fools, break a few rules
Party the night away

It’s all about tonight
Good times! And the music and laughing
And grooving to the band
Everybody’s getting right
No worries! We’re rocking
All kinds of concoctions in our hands
Yeah! Tomorrow can wait until tomorrow
It’s all about tonight

It’s all about tonight
Good times! And the music and laughing
And grooving to the band
Everybody’s getting right
No worries! We’re rocking
All kinds of concoctions in our hands
Yeah! Tomorrow can wait until tomorrow
I said, tomorrow can wait until tomorrow

It’s all about tonight
Yeah! It’s all about tonight
Come on! It’s all about tonight
We’re gonna get our swerve on
Our buzz on
It’s all about tonight
Come on, baby!
I wouldn’t worry about that
Well, that’s all about tonight now.
Come on! Yeah!


The two owners of Thelee Farms are raising two biological daughters beside the rows of cotton, the valleys of vegetables, and the hill sides of rice while feeding most of the northern and southern regions. within the new Colonies of the U.S.A. Thelee’s family members enjoys the evening meal with their regular company tonight.
“Excellent meal, Tourann! I enjoy your cooking and your daughter.” McCamy says with a nod to her mother and then leans over playfully flirting with the daughter.
Tourann reaches over with a smile and then tugs on the shaggy, shoulder-length, blonde-tinted hair curls on McCamy with her free hand while motherly reprimanding the older teenager. “I do believe that it’s time for a cut, wash, and spray, young man! I’ve been instructing Taffy in the great art of hair salon-ing. She’s got some spare moments, maybe tomorrow afternoon, after her sewing lesson. She can groom you up to handsomely, McCamy.”
Taffy snorts out loud, since she doesn’t want to touch McCamy or McCamy’s ratty blonde locks. She looks at her sister and proposes with a wicked smirk. “Tulu is getting pretty good with a pair of sharp scissors. She’ll only nick one earlobe, warty he-toad.”
Tourann gasps. “Taffy, show your set of lady manners, please, while at my dinner table.”
“Yes ma’am!” Taffy nods with a grin to McCamy. “What did warty he-toad get you as a birthday present, this year, Tulu?”
“Taffy, you are the mostest, rudest young maid, within the outskirts of South Beach.” Tourann wiggles her dirty fingernail at her ill-breed, first-born child.
“Thanks, Mama! I try very hard to please.” Taffy accepts the bad teen reputation and beyond presenting a smile and a wink to McCamy.
McCamy nods with a smile and then honestly lies with his secret, winking at Tulu, “Shoes! But alas, the work pair is the wrong size. I plan to exchange them, tomorrow, while we all visit there in Birmingham Metro City.”
Tulu nods with a grin holding her secret silence, keeping her precious gift a hidden secret too, inside her heart and underneath her mattress bed springs.
Tourann wipes the wet hot tears from her dark skin on both of her eye sockets with the clean kitchen cloth. She explains, “You’re going to be sixteen years old so soon and then presented to Director Hico, exactly on your special day, Tulu. I labored for eighteen hours, girly, waiting for your head to crown on my…”
“Mama, please!” Tulu looks down with embarrassment and blushes to her lap.
“I’m so proud. We both are so proud and pleased, Tulu. You’ve accepted the responsibility of young womanhood, very early. Director Hico has confirmed our arrival to Metro City Birmingham and your appointment, as well, Tulu. We were so worried that your birth date would be received as a sign of immaturity for the annual Presentation Ceremony, before the acceptance into the Appreciation Program, Tulu. But Director Hico has sent and then confirmed your personal appointment by paper letter and to each traveling sixteen-year-old here in the South Beach Colony along with their immediate family members.” Tourann blows her nose on the kitchen cloth and then tucks it down into her worn blue-tinted apron. She smiled at Tulu, “Just think! You could be his next personal Birmingham Metro City Apprentice! We’ll be so proud.”
Tulu grins with a nod. Taffy rolls her eyeballs and then looks down grabbing the beverage while glancing at McCamy.
The Apprenticeship Program, for one lucky sixteen-year-old teen, translates into a better house, a better education, and a better everything, which is wonderful for the selected teen and the teen’s family.
Tourann, her husband Thelee, and her daughter Taffy can immediately move from their rural farmland into the civilized Birmingham Metro household, with a set of private school tutors, home servants, modern mechanic appliances, wardrobes of designer clothes, lots of formal parties, and entertaining nightly dances.
If Tulu is selected as the Apprentice, then she can bring her boyfriend McCamy, after they marry, of course, since he will benefit also as her new legally married husband. The Apprenticeship Program offers one family, each year, a wonderful life minus the hardship, the hard work, and the hardness of country living on a rural farm.
Inside the dining room, Tourann shakes her black tinted short curls and wears a frown staring at her ill-mannered child Taffy. “Tulu, she will restore our faith, like the axiom goes: An honest day’s hard! Ain’t that right, Thelee?”
Thelee is Tulu’s father as he nods in silent agreement while enjoying a second piece of pecan pie.
Tourann nods. “The one-year anniversary is today, when you were greeted by Director Hico for your personal Presentation Ceremony, within the Apprenticeship Program.”
Taffy consumes another bite of pecan pie and then eye burns McCamy, in silence.
Tourann sneers. “We were, one year ago, and still now. We, your daddy and I, continue to receive nagging questions and a set of surly comments from that day.” She slaps the table in fury and states with nasty timber. “Why did you do that, Taffy?”
Tulu defends her sister saying with a sweet smile and a nod to her mother. “I found the thistle bouquet quiet pretty containing an arrangement of dark purple flowers. If only Director Hico had not touched the prickly leaves, he would have selected Taffy for his Apprentice, Mama. I know that in my heart, Mama.”
Tourann exhales then states with a sour frown. “Bull thistles grow inside a cow pasture, fertilized by rain water, and cow shit.”
Taffy giggles. McCamy works on the first bite of the pecan pie looking down at the floor, wearing a smirk.
Tourann continues to nag at her first-born child. “Bull thistles are troublesome weeds, Taffy, not fragranced soft, silky wildflowers. Of all the pretty pastel floral flowers, within our lovely grass fields, you pick a patch of fat downy seedy balls of spines. Really, Taffy! What, on Planet Earth, were you mentally thinking, girly?”
Taffy rolls her eyeballs and then looks down at the floor, chewing on her pie slice.
“You forget the spit, dear.” Thelee states with a stern face then chews on the next pie slice.
“Mouth salvia produced from your pink tongue, like a six month old infant’s drool. You mouth spat on Director Hico’s person. Unbelievable! After, he blooded his prickled fingers from the non-silky bull thistles.” Tourann sneers.
“Mama, Taffy was being very thoughtful and quick thinking. Our mouth salvia contains tons of healthy enzymes for healing an open wound. Do you recall too? Three of his fingers were bleeding out his red blood cells, after Taffy tugged out the needle-like spines from the finger meat.” Tulu smiles with a nod.
Taffy winks at McCamy. McCamy holds the food inside the mouth, before he chokes to death from his vile laughter.
Tourann shakes her black curls again and states with a sour frown. “O! Do not get me started with your academic grades, young lady! O! The embarrassment of a mouth-spit kicking behavior had been added from Superintendent Vovina’s personal remark, an academically-challenged teen. That information has gotten you back home, here, permanently. You returned back home to us in humiliation while every single sixteen years old Colony teenager attended the beautiful Apprenticeship Program receiving a wonderful employment opportunity. Then, that sixteen-year-old Apprentice and her entire family had been transferred to a newly created Metro City Birmingham city, within the new Colonies of the U.S.A.”
Taffy swallows the food and looks up to see her mother, holding four finger pads near her frown. “Four teens were selected, Mama, including my best friend and Baycliff’s beau Amita. We have still yet to see….”
“I wasn’t selected for the Apprenticeship Program either Tourann and neither was McCamy or Baycliff.” Rusk says with a head nod and joins the Thelee family conversation.
Rusk is the biological twin brother of McCamy looking alike, acting different. Rusk wears a head of shoulder-length blonde curls and a pair of blue eyes, measuring at six feet and four inches tall, too, possessing a set of ripped muscles on his chest, in both his two arms and legs coming from years and days and hours with hard long farm chores. He dresses in a long, blue-tinted, sleeveless tee shirt hanging over a pair of tan-colored walking shorts, and a pair of ratty, brown-tinted flip-flops over his two naked feet.
“So, true! So, very true, Rusk! Your mama is spinning inside her grave too. Rusk and McCamy, both of you missing in a once-in-life-time chance for…” Tourann pulls out the cloth then sobs with her shallow tears into the fabrics, again, dearly missing both her dear friend and her farm neighbor.
“For what, Mama? What will McCamy, Rusk, Baycliff, and me miss on this place, our farm? Tulu and McCamy are going to marry next year, combine our farm and farm hands with more folks. Yeah, more folks to help perform all of hard work that we like, Mama. I love the farm and the farm life.” Taffy exhales with a worried brow. “Mama, how you ever noticed that only a set of females are always picked for the Apprenticeship Program?”
“You are absolutely, positively correct, girly. The smart ones, those smart females are living the luxury life there, not you, girly, not never there, Taffy. Today, tomorrow, the next day, or forever, girly! Farm life is hard work, long days. Your daddy and I want good happenings for you and our other smart daughter Tulu, along with her beau. McCamy, what’s your side of this tall tale? You and your twin Rusk are smart, good in school. Well, we were good in school. I’ve been told that your educational skills aren’t up to par anymore. What has happened to you, boy?”
“Farm work! Our daddy needs the help. We pitch in and then skip school and then other stuff.” McCamy stats and pokes the fork at the pie and then chews the food without viewing Tourann.
“Thelee, is this the man, we want to marry our daughter?” Tourann sneers at her husband.
“Every man must choose his own destiny, Tourann.” Thelee turns and winks to Tulu finishing his second piece of pie.
“Mama, please, be happy for Taffy, McCamy, and me! I’m being presented soonest. I’ll be a good Apprentice. I promise. I’ll not fail you, Mama!” Tulu turns and nods with a smile to her anger mother.
June 2nd Tuesday


Ebro Farms location
Birmingham Cliffs setting
10:10 a.m.
Ocean breeze, heated temperatures with parted clouds of sunlight


Tulu stands on all fours (her palms and her kneecaps) and then carefully eases over the flat edge on the limestone cliff surveying the sharp rock boulders that protrude out from the mountain side. She searches for that body.
She yells, “All clear down here, Taffy!” She swiftly crawls backward on all fours away from the dangerous edge and then slowly stands upright on of the solid rock surface, wiping off the sweat from her forehead with her fingers.
The landscape of dangerous Birmingham Cliffs make her teenly emotions both nervous and tense. The tall cliff tabletop stands 220 feet above the swirling warm waters of the Gulf of Mexico. She spins around with a stern face and views her sister Taffy.
In the middle of the hard rock surface, Taffy has purposefully lifted and then removed the circular wooden railing that stands guard around a huge cracked fissure pit decorating Ebro Farms, which lies parallel to the wooden cow fence. Taffy dangerously leans her upper torso over the open air space while searching intensively with both of her two eyeballs.
Tulu dashes ahead and then squats down hauling Taffy away from the edge of the fissure shouting with nervousness, “Careful there, Taffy!” She swiftly stands upright and exhales with a deep sigh. “That’s a long way down into the pit of burning fire. Why did you move the wooden guard railing, Taffy? We gotta replace it, before someone…”
“…dies…” Taffy yells then spins around slowly standing upright on top of the rock, nodding with a worried brow to Tulu. “Someone will die. I saw the numerous burning fire pits down there, inside that fissure burning some twenty feet below my feet. The thing keeps growing both wider and deeper. Rusk says it ever growls, if you sit cross-legged on top of the ground, really quiet. He comes out here to watch the baby calves, during their birth. Some of the jealous mama cows get rowdy with other calf younglings. Rusk babysits the little ones. Our purpose, this morning, a little calf had escaped from the fence. See there!” She points at the broken cow fence post. Tulu turns to see the broken fence post then nods in silence. Taffy nods and then looks back over her collar bone at the exposed fissure pit scratching an insect bite on her arm. “Think! Think! I saw that calf. Little One looks like it fell directly down into the fissure hold,” she returns back to see her sister. “One more look-see! Then I’m satisfied, Tulu. Rusk has to be certain and report back to his daddy.” She spins around and leads them back to the open fissure pit.
Tulu nods in silence and follows behind her sister towards a hole in the rock, without the protective railing.
Tulu stops and then drops down on all fours (palms and kneecaps) slowly crawling towards nothingness, stopping her finger pads at the edge on white-tinted limestone edge. She feels the heated waves drifting up the fissure fire then eases her face over the emptiness, scanning rapidly with her eyeballs along many protruded bright, yellow-tinted cavern ledges. She holds her breath feeling the toasty steam rise up from the continuous fire that burns deeply inside the mysterious fissure. Tulu clearly sees a pot of blue and red flames that acts like a geological furnace feeding warmth into the hot spring caverns which are dotted along the southeastern rock face on the Birmingham Cliffs.
McCamy told one of his scary adventures, when he rappelled down the 700-feet high mountainside and then swung out 100 feet from the rock face. Then, he bounced his two boot toes against the hard limestone once, twice, and then thrice accidentally hitting one of the open holes, within the rock face, with his smart-hole brother Rusk and his best friend Baycliff. Baycliff is named after the limestone cliffs with the freshwater bay, near his farmland located in the eastern portion of the South Beach Colony.
Taffy told the same fairy tale first, but Tulu thought it was pure hogwash.
On top of the hard surface, a set of hoofs prettily print a pair of geometric shapes in the moisture grass as each dog runs ahead and eagerly yelps for its prey. A set of voices loudly rumble in baritone timber as each horse halts on top of the smooth grass. A pair of teen males slide off each horse and advances to both Tulu and Taffy.
Then a pair of calloused hands quickly encloses around the tiny waist on Tulu jerking her backwards and then away from the dangerous cliff edge, swinging her upright to face her assailant. Two fingers gently wipe her sweaty black locks from her two angel eyes. Tulu grins at McCamy. He hugs Tulu and then tenderly kisses her soft hair, planting his jaw line on top of her bone skull, exhaling and then inhaling with love. McCamy whips his face upright then presents his sour frown to Taffy, narrowing his two eyelids, sneering first and says with a nasty timber. “Do not ever let Tulu near that fissure pit, again! Do you hear me, Taffy!”
Taffy stands in place and presents her sour frown strolling ahead towards Rusk, slapping her palm down at each bone skull on a running dog. The dogs start to jump in the air dirtying her tee shirt. She and the dogs continue ahead and then stop in front of Rusk. She leans down and whispers into his sweaty face. Rusk nods with an unhappy face. McCamy and Tulu spin around and then join the huddle.
Taffy nods and says to each twin. “I can’t come to any other conclusion, Rusk. I saw it. I think. It’s down there.” She views Tulu. “What do you think there, warty she-toad?”
Tulu turns her worried brow to see the cracked fissure pit and then returns back to see Rusk then comments. “I’m sorry, Rusk. I didn’t see the little calf’s body down there, but I did see the blazing fire of yellow, blue, and red colors. If the Little One fell down there, then it’s really burnt and toasted by now.”
McCamy reaches out and slaps the collar bone on Rusk nodding with a stern face. “Sorry there, bro! You get to go and tell our daddy the bad news. I’ll back you up. If the calf had escaped from that broken fence post, then it went over the cliff edge or down inside the open fissure pit. Either way, that calf is long dead now.” He turns and views the beautiful South Beach terrain enjoying the fertile grass lands, the white cotton fields, the knee-high brown tinted soy bean stalks, and the sturdy wooden railing that captures fifty heads of fine black and white colored beef cattle. The mature cows will be sold for trade goods later this season to Director Hico for his meal consumption at Metro City Birmingham.
McCamy exhales with puzzlement and ponders providing all the good food and the better livestock to Metro City Birmingham that holds the least number of hungry people, inside that old battered town, that represents part of old United States of America. But his daddy Ebro and all the other farm members on the South Beach council decide all the daily business arrangements for the South Beach Colony.



300 years ago, the fertile soil in the city of Birmingham, within the State of Alabama received an abundance of rain water and mountain top soil. The soil produced the finest crop fields of cotton, fruits, vegetables, floral, and plants on the planet.

After three Nuclear Wars, between the fighting United States of America and the other foreign countries plus Mother Nature, and finally poor timing, the Birmingham rich mountain soil flew off the summit peaks and then landed down in the Gulf of Mexico waters as each heavy storm rain drowned each vegetable garden down onto its rotten core underneath the flood waters.

Then, the intense heated sunlight killed each native floral plant and juicy fruit tree.

Thus, the end result was a wasteland of miles of sandy red dirt and scattered individual beautiful but creepy ground fissures emitting an upward plume of red and yellow fiery gases and water elements, like a geyser of beauty, but not crop field of rich food for all the local hungry residents.



Back into the present day, time and place, within Ebro Farms, on the limestone cliff, at 10:22 a.m., Rusk reaches over and slaps the bicep on his brother McCamy, nodding in silent acknowledgement, accepting his duty. He pivots to face the horses and then whistles for the dogs while trotting back home to see his father about the lost calf.
Taffy continues to stand in the huddle exhaling with a heavy heart over the terrible situation. She suggests, “You should accompany Rusk back home and both tell the story to your daddy, too, McCamy.”
“Daddy blows steam for five minutes and then clears his pipes. Rusk will survive. I promise. Anyways, I’m freed up my morning farm duties to spend extra time with my muffin.” McCamy leans down and kisses her soft hair, inhaling the sweet honeysuckle smell, pulling back with a wink to see Taffy. He suggests, “You can take my horse back to the house too. Then you can check on…”
“Nice try, Tex!” Taffy laughs and fingers McCamy shaking her ponytail, dropping her arm and slaps her leg. “I’ll stay and watch the both of you. She’s only sixteen years old, McCamy. And you gotta wait. And I’ll be waiting by your horse while watching and babysitting the both of you, until she turns eighteen years old.” She pivots with her loud laughter and jogs ahead to the horse.
“Ignore her!” Tulu chuckles and cuddles into his body.
“Tulu, can I ask you a personal request?” McCamy pulls back and stares into her angel eyes.
“Taffy, she’s right over there, McCamy,” Tulu giggles and slaps his chest.
He hugs her again then laughs pulling back with a smile. “Not that question! I wanna discuss the Apprenticeship Program,” McCamy pushes her away from his body then pulls her arm down towards the short soft grass blades as they sit together overlapping their legs and their boots into each other’s body, like a human pretzel.
She grins and bounces in his lap expressing her happiness. “I’m so excited to both. I’m going to be sixteen years old and I’m going to be accepted into the Apprenticeship Program. Aren’t you excited, too, McCamy?” He stares at the grass blades and presents a stern face. She continues with a smile, “Aren’t you excited for me, and for us? We can…”
He exhales at the grass and asks. “Please, don’t go!” He views her and wears a stern face. “You don’t have to go to the Apprenticeship Program. You can duplicate Taffy’s trick with the thistles.” He points at the plant on the ground and presents a grin. “There’s a thistle bush over there, maybe covered in spider webs and cow shit. Cows clean their behinds with the spines. But hey! The flowers are pretty violet-tinted. Hico will like the color better than pink.”
She gasps in shock then stated, “I didn’t catch that part!” 
He views and smiles at Tulu. “What part, muffin? O! That thistle bush is covered in spider webs and cow shit, because the cows clean their a...”
“Excuse me again! Tell me the part regarding duplicating Taffy’s trick!”
He cringes and presents a frown. “O! You didn’t know.” She shakes her curls. He exhales. “O! She didn’t tell you.” She frowns. He exhales again. “O! I guess, she forgot to tell you. We could go and ask her, to tell you, muffin.” She hisses. He smiles. “Okay! Taffy didn’t want to leave her home, South Beach Colony. So, she purposefully gave Hico that bouquet of thorny flowers to make him reject her out from that Apprenticeship Program, last year, when she turned sixteen years old. I admit, it was genius plan.” She wiggles from their human hug and then swiftly stands parking both of her fists on her waistline, sounding a lady sneer down at his blonde-tinted hair roots.
He swiftly stands upright from the grass, whipping both of his palms near his jaw line, saying with a worried brow. “You’re thinking wrong-o, here, muffin! I did not give Taffy that idea. I didn’t want to go either, but I lucked out. I wasn’t accepted. Okay! All right!” He smiles. “I love you, Tulu.” She crosses her arms then rolls her eyeballs looking back at him, sounding with a lady grunt. He leans over and hugs her body, pulling back with a smile, killing her lips and then pulls back with a nod. He explains, “I have thought about this topic, deeply. I don’t wanna leave South Beach for Birmingham Metro City or another Metro City or another Colony. I like it here, muffin. I was born here. I wanna die here. I want us to be happy here together.”
She jerks away from his hug and presents a sour frown. “We…we…”
“We can what, Tulu? We can start over, over there?”
“We can enjoy this life, this world, this new Colonies, and what this has to offer to young folks, like us, beside cows and cotton and…”
“…me…” He drops down to the grass blades and wears a worried brow, feeling deflated, defeated, and defensive. McCamy eye burns his two calloused palms from working long hours in the crop fields and then remembers, re-lives, and re-joys in every second of his abundant time and free space here within the South Beach Colony.
She drops down beside him and leans over hugging him, whispering into his earlobe. “No, never, McCamy!” She exhales with a puff of worry then pulls back smiling at his frown, nodding several times. “Did you read or see the letters from Maltin? She lived here, on the somewhere side of South Beach. I didn’t really know her. Did you know her, McCamy? Well, she writes the most fantastic letters coming from somewhere Metro City, where she works as a clerk of something. She dances sometimes in these events called, gala balls, and sends pictures and wears beautiful dresses and shoes. Pretty little shoes, like the ones, that I had imagined with the can of pink bite-nats…”
“You didn’t mention pink paint to your parents or…” He looks up to see the back spine on Taffy. She continues to groom his horse with the thick brush. He exhales. “The location of the can of bite-nats paint, did you, Tulu?” He returns back to see Tulu.
“No! I promise, McCamy. I told no one. My present is underneath my bed springs and is hidden safely, until I use it, for us, when I return back from the Apprenticeship Program. I... I wanna dance in a pretty dress and wear a pair of pretty shoes, just once, McCamy.”
“The Apprenticeship Program is permanent, Tulu.” He exhales with worry. “Once the teenager is accepted into the Apprenticeship Program, by Director Hico, then you don’t come back here to South Beach, Tulu. You are placed somewhere else other than Birmingham Metro City. You’ll never return to me, muffin.”
“Yes, I will. I promise to return back here to South Beach and to you.” She smiles. “How do you know that? No one knows information about the Apprenticeship Program. My parents didn’t mention that to me and neither did Taffy.” She chuckles and nods her curls. “O! I understand now. Taffy knows this. That’s why you know this too. You both were presented at the Presentation Ceremony, last year.” He nods in silence acknowledgement as Tulu exhales with a worried brow. “I can’t disappoint my parents.”
“You can disappoint me.” He pouts and then laughs. “I remember our first kiss. You were four years old. I was five years old, the older man. We shared carrot spit.”
“I got mad at you for stealing my dolly. Then I started choking on the raw carrot stick. You rammed my chest with your hand. Then I spitted out my chewed up carrot particles and juice on your ugly shirt.”
“Ah! I fell in love, with you, at that cute-like gross moment. We’ve been together happily ever since, building mud pies, and then elevated to mud houses, and then moved to private mud wrestling events.” Tulu giggles. He smiles. “I got a new move that I wanna try on you right now, only if Taffy would go back home.”
Tulu laughs. “You should offer that to Taffy. Then she’ll definitely go back home.”
McCamy swiftly stands upright from the grass blades and then dashes away from Tulu moving ahead towards Taffy.
Tulu quickly stands upright from the grass blades too and then spins around laughing at his back spine. “I’m joking! It was joke, McCamy!”
He stops on top of the grass and cups all his finger pads around his two eye sockets, like a pair of binoculars viewing the figure in the distance. Tulu strolls then stops beside him cupping her finger pads to her face, observing the same commotion.
Baycliff gallops in full speed on top of his brown and white stallion advancing quickly to their spot near the open fissure pit.
Tulu gasps. “Is he being chased by a bear?”
“Baycliff, he’s been scouting the northern boulders for the missing calf. He must’ve found her. Go tell Taffy to remount the saddle on my horse, while I get the right directions from snot-hole Baycliff, muffin.” McCamy leans over and hugs her pulling back, tenderly kissing her forehead and then her lips, pulling back with a smile. “I love you, Tulu!” He releases then shoves Tulu away from his body and towards Taffy. Tulu swiftly races ahead with the good news to Taffy.
McCamy stands in the middle of the open grass, near the limestone bald cliff, raising both his arms in the air while signaling Baycliff. Baycliff races ahead and advances closer purposefully plowing his cowboy boot toe into the nose bridge on McCamy.
McCamy lands backwards on his back spine sounding with a low grunt, closing both of his two eyelids, wishing away the aching pain. He inhales and then exhales gingerly covering his busted nose with both of his palms. He rolls to the side and slowly sits upright on his kneecaps watching the action.
Baycliff slides down from his slow-moving horse and then rolls over the grass sounding with a loud grunt, slowly standing upright from the ground. He produces a loud sneer. His stallion swiftly dashes ahead and then circles away from its master Baycliff, the fiery fissure, and the dangerous limestone cliff racing back to the wooden fence corral holding the cows and their calves, and then halts in front of the post while watching and waiting on its master.
Baycliff struts ahead towards McCamy sounding with an array of loud snarls and sneers. He yells. “Give it back, right now, McCamy, before I beat you, black and blue. You stole it from my farm. I got money debts to pay with that stuff.”
Taffy reaches out and slaps McCamy’s horse into running away from the dangerous cliff racing back home to Ebro farm house as a signal for some additional help. If McCamy’s twin spots the rider-less steed, then he knows that there is major trouble at the fissure sight.
Taffy spins around with a gasp and slams into her sister Tulu hugging her sister then falls down on top of the dry grass, watching Baycliff and McCamy, who fight to the death using fists, dirt, and blood.
On top of the grass, McCamy slowly stands upright from the ground and presents a smile wiping the spilled blood proteins from both of his wet nostrils with the back of his hand. He drops his hand then charges with a head-on collision at Baycliff, challenging with his nasty altitude. He yells, “I know that, jack-hole. That’s why I robbed you. I got better constructive uses for your bite-nats paint can then paying off all of your gambling debts, Baycliff.”
Tulu struggles to sit upright on her butthole cuddling within Taffy’s hug. Taffy continues to protect her sister, from the two fighters. Tulu shouts, “Taffy, we gotta go and help McCamy. Baycliff’s mad. Why’s he so mad? What’s he saying about a bite-nats paint can?” She pants in fear watching the bloody fight between the two big badass teens.
Taffy exhales with worry at the fighting action also. “I don’t know, Tulu! McCamy, he’ll win! He’s big. He’s stronger than a slow-poke and mean old ugly Baycliff.”
She hangs onto Taffy feeling in fear and worry, sobbing with her tears of worry. “I hope so, Taffy! I’m scared! Please run and get help!” She continues to watch Baycliff and McCamy.
“No! I can’t leave you! If Baycliff wins…” Taffy exhales. “I can’t leave you here, Tulu!” She cradles Tulu closer into her body sitting on top of the grass as they both wait and watch the final outcome, of the deadly and dangerous dogfight between to the two male teens.
“Taffy!” Tulu sobs with her tears experiencing both fear and worry for her beau.
On top of the grass, Baycliff continues to strut ahead and strikes both of his fists in air, for drama, yelling out the threat. “Just hand it over! Then I won’t have to hurt you, McCamy! Bite-nats cans are illegal around those parts. Just give it back! Then I’ll forget this whole affair!”
“Sorry, bro! I don’t have it! And I don’t plan to return it! Therefore, we get to rumble, until one of us can’t get up. And it ain’t going to be me, boy!” McCamy dashes ahead with a sneer and jabs a right hook missing the distorted face on Baycliff. McCamy back steps and releases a left hand undercut, missing Baycliff again, back stepping for body protection.
Baycliff back steps from the second fist punch and then reaches back into the rear pocket of his jeans, pulling out a secret weapon. He viciously slices it in the air missing the chest cavity on McCamy. Baycliff back steps with a snarl watching McCamy.
McCamy pants out loud from the heated air molecules and then halts staring at the new item, saying with a smile. “Hmm! You got a new toy, Baycliff. It’s a…”
“…flash blade…” Taffy yells then gasps in alarm releasing her sister and then swiftly stands upright on the grass. She dashes ahead to her black tinted backpack holding supplies for the calf hunt, sliding down over the grass blades then stops. She sits on her kneecaps and grabs jerking the flap open on her backpack, reaching inside, withdrawing the items. She carefully un-wraps the cloth gently pulling out a rusty canister within eyeball view.
Tulu swiftly stands upright from the grass and then spins around dashing ahead towards Taffy, sliding over the grass too and halts, without hitting her sister. She sits on her kneecaps and pants with more worry. “You called that weapon, a flash blade. What’s a flash blade, Taffy?” She yells. “Hey! That’s my backpack. You stole my stuff from my bedroom. Mama told you not to do that anymore, Taffy. I’m telling, when I get back home.” She gasps in alarm. “Taffy, you’re holding a can of…”
“…bite-nats. Baycliff wields a flash blade.” Taffy unscrews the lid revealing pink sparkling paint. She un-wraps a second cloth containing three unused horse-hair brushes. A person can use and touch with their finger pads to the bite-nats paint, but it wastes the precious product, since a person must wash the paint from their hands, after drawing the think object onto their human skin tissue.
Tulu reaches out for the rusty canister, which is her birthday gift from her beau McCamy.
Taffy slaps Tulu’s hand away from the canister paint then sneers at her sister’s behavior, “Listen to me, Tulu! McCamy’s life is in danger, like dead danger. A flash blade will kill and slice through both human and animal flesh and bone.”
Tulu crosses both her arms in the air then drops both of her hands and slaps her legs while producing a sour frown to Taffy then yells, “Wrong as usual, Taffy! McCamy told me that you can’t produce a playful puppy or a smelly flower or a pot of…”
“Right, Tulu!” Taffy says then exhales with a puff of worry. “But the thicker spread of the paint, the higher the density of the think object. Bite-nats paint was used as vicious battle gear, during Nuke War Three. A warrior defended his body with a sharp flash blade of thick, tough bite-nats armor, since all the Earth cities receiving a nuke blast were disintegrated along with all the dead citizens. A flash blade kills you dead. I’m going to help McCamy live, by giving him a little extra fighting power, which is me.”
Taffy rests her forearm flat on top of the grass blades, outlining a two-inches wide by two inches long slender rectangular-shaped box, inside her open palm, and then paints a smaller box pattern using a thick batch of pink bite-nats. She paints a thick straight line six-inches long by three-inches wide going upwards and almost touching the crook on her elbow. She dumps the brush back down into the open canister, closing her two eyelashes, feeling the warmth and then the coolness of her think object. She opens her two eyelashes seeing a single deadly pink-tinted flash blade, which is positioned backwards down the length of her naked forearm.
“You can’t use that bite-nats weapon. Your knife lies upside down on your internal forearm tissue, Taffy. McCamy told me that you can’t separate the think object from your body skin ever.” Tulu frowns and fingers the painted weapon.
“He’s correct, Tulu!” Taffy reaches down shifting the flash blade in the opposite direction as her palm holds the blade’s hilt in pink hue now. She explains, “As long as you keep ‘it’ in contact your naked skin, you can maneuver the ‘think object’ in any direction. And as long as you ‘hold that thought’ inside your brain, you can wield a deadly weapon, for any fight, Tulu. This flash blade will not drop down from my hand, unless someone slices off my wrist bone.”
“Taffy!” Tulu gasps in terror for both McCamy and Taffy, who will be battling against big mean, rowdy Baycliff.
Taffy gathers up the canister and the wet brush materials with her free hand, replacing them safety back down inside the backpack, slapping the flap shut. She looks up and wears a worried brow, seeing her sister, ordering with her sisterly love and protection. “Stay right here, Tulu! I don’t need you harmed! Okay! I’m just going to be a stinging hornet into the hidden butthole on Baycliff, so McCamy can break Baycliff’s big ugly nose with his fist. Watch me work my magic, Tulu! Stay here right behind this rock!” She thumbs back behind her collar bone to the large limestone boulder and says with a fake smile. “Look! The horse is probably at home, by now, so Rusk is coming with help, right now.” Taffy leans over and wipes off Tulu’s tears with her free hand saying and a true smile. “I love you, Tulu! Stay here! Be safe!” She swiftly stands upright from the grass and dashes ahead towards Baycliff and McCamy.
On top of the grass, Tulu sobs with her worried tears and produces two lines of runny snot, coming down her wet nose holes, slowly crawling backwards from the grounded backpack, hiding her body behind the large boulder. She sits on her kneecaps then eases her wet face around the rock feeling a worried mind and a worried heart. She watches the back spine on Taffy.
The long brown-tinted ponytail blocks the two tiny dots, the fight dance of Baycliff and McCamy. Each male teen shuffles backwards moving to the dangerous cliff edge and then sidesteps forward away from the cliff ledge. The flat cliff edge stands 700 feet high from the ground. But a falling object screaming in death hits the heated Gulf of Mexico waters at 220 feet.
McCamy swings his forearm into the rib cage on Baycliff. Baycliff grunts in pain then stumbles sideways folding down, holding his aching ribs. McCamy hoots with victory. Then McCamy swings a right hook and misses. He quickly punching another right hook again connecting to the left cheekbone on Baycliff.
Baycliff stumbles backwards and shakes his bloody face then charges head-on, holding his bone skull downwards. He slams into the abdomen on McCamy landing a decisive blow into the healthy lungs on McCamy.
McCamy fumbles backwards landing on his back spine, panting in heavy breaths and then kick-jumps off the grass, standing in a crouching position. He stands, races ahead, and tackles Baycliff tossing both of them towards the cracked fissure pit. The teens twirl and swirl elegantly, like a pair of dune beetles within a fresh pile of cow shit, tumbling towards an advancing Taffy, who holds in her fighting hand with a pink-tinted flash blade.
Baycliff kicks out and hits the exposed kneecap on his friend. McCamy cuddles his injured kneecap and hops around on one leg falling sideways on his side, rotating on the grass. He continues to hold his aching knee joint, cursing loudly at his best friend.
Baycliff slowly stands upright on top of the grass wearing a dizzy head, blinking his two eyelids while adjusting his two eyeballs back into focus. He jerks back the long sleeve on his shirt and stares down at the blue tinted paint of bite-nats on his naked arm. The bite-nats paint shows a hand drawing of a single knife. He closes his two eyelids and feels warmth and then coolness of the think object: blade. The bite-nats fighting weapon materials on his fighting forearm.
Baycliff reaches down and grabs the physical blade with his other palm staring with an evil smirk down at a beaten and moaning McCamy, lifting the blade over the blonde hairy skull for at a nick killing angle, holding his breath for the final death kill on his friend.
McCamy continues to rest on his back spine and holds his aching kneecap looking up and gasps in worry.
A racing Taffy jumps up from the ground, flies a short distance through the air, and then collides into the rib cage on Baycliff, pitching both their bodies three feet away from McCamy. They cuddle and roll down over the soft red-tinted clay. Baycliff rolls on top of Taffy slamming her down into the dirt and then slowly stands upright, turning to sneer at McCamy. Taffy does not move but huffs in pain.
McCamy swiftly stands upright from the green grass and sounds with a low grunt charging head-on towards Baycliff.
Taffy slowly stands upright and shakes her dizzy skull for two seconds, slowly jogging ahead towards the back spine on Baycliff, reaching out and then wraps both of her long arms around his chest cavity. She hangs on for dear life.
Baycliff strikes numerous air molecules with his flash blade, missing McCamy, swiftly twirling around in full circles and tries to shake Taffy from his upright body. He sounds with an array of loud snarls. Taffy hangs in place and bites her lip, producing blood on my chin, screaming in anger, terror, and fright.
McCamy slowly stands upright in place and then advances to a twirling Baycliff, rearing back and then punches his fist forward into Baycliff and misses. Baycliff continues to swirl around in a circle with Taffy on his back spine. McCamy advances ahead and then reaches out wrapping both of his arms around Baycliff, jerking Taffy away from the two of them. He starts to punch Baycliff’s face.
Baycliff struggles to stand upright then bows down at his fitted waistline stumbling backwards from McCamy, landing down on top of solid rock. He wears a bloody nose and a nasty altitude.
Taffy screams in panic and as her body continues to slide over the smooth rock surface flying towards the cracked fissure pit. McCamy halts his spinning body and stares at Taffy, gasping in alarm, racing ahead. He reaches out and grabs her arm pulling her upright from the rock, slapping her into his chest. They twirl around, like a pair dancing ballerinas, flying away from the deadly edge of the fissure and then halt on top of the red dirt. They hug each other and smile sounding with soft chuckles, celebrating their safety.
Taffy turns with a smile to see her worried sister, who continues to hide her body, not her face behind the oversized limestone boulder. Taffy gives the victory sign with her hand.
On top of the red dirt, Baycliff swiftly stands upright and snorts in fury charging ahead and then performs a body-slam against Taffy first. The three teenagers fall down rolling through the red dirt, into the green grass pasture, and ahead towards the smooth flat rock surface, where the cracked fissure pit live. Baycliff quickly extracts his grounded body from their tight formation huddle rolling sideways in the opposite direction while hearing the loud screams.
Taffy screams in terror, along with McCamy, as she and McCamy continue to roll ahead and then quickly drop down, together in a loving embrace, over the flat lip of the fissure pit.
Baycliff swiftly crawls ahead on fours towards the fissure lip and then eases his sweaty face over the edge looking for his two former friends. He hisses from the drifting sizzling gas fumes and heated water vapors burning his facial hair, coming upwards from the fissure belly. He quickly crawls away from the edge of the fissure then slowly stands pivoting to his horse then spots a petite Tulu, who still hides her body quietly behind a large limestone boulder. He veers his tracks to her then stops beside the rock boulder wiping off the wet sweat from his dirty forehead, presenting wet tears from his two eyeballs. He glances back over his collar bone to see the flush lip on the deadly cracked fissure pit exhaling with a deep sigh of anger.
If a person does not know the landscape on the rock cliff, then that person can easily fall down into one of many hidden pits holding a fiery fissure. Farmer Ebro had supplied a circle of wooden railings around the fissure lip for that very purpose, in which, someone had removed.
Baycliff returns back to see Tulu and exhales with a huff of mixed emotions, “Sorry, Tulu!” He swiftly moves ahead and mounts his stallion riding back home, Baycliff Farms.
Beside the rock boulder, Tulu falls flat on her chest, breathlessly, and eye burns nothingness over the cliff surface, jumping upright from the grass, standing with a shivering body and a dizzy mind coming from her raw nerves of fear, fright, and shock. She inhales and then exhales dashing ahead to the fissure pit sliding down on all fours and then carefully crawls forward feeling fear and worry. She halts at the lip and then eases her sweaty face over the heated edge, feeling the hot fury coming upwards from the blazing funnel of fire. She blinds her eyelashes once, twice, and then thrice still scanning each internal ledge for both Taffy and McCamy.
Taffy blinks her two eyelashes with sweat and wipes the sweat from her face, still scanning each ledge for McCamy, without seeing a body. She slowly back crawls on fours from the heated hole sitting upright on her kneecaps, looking up in the sky and then screams to the heavens. “McCamy!”
June 3rd Wednesday


Happy Birthday, Tulu!

Thelee Farms
Living room setting
Hot temperatures with bright sunlight and ocean breeze
08:08 a.m.


One of the weird aftereffects from the last Nuclear War’s massive fallout residue is the creation of a block of solid dark matter space debris, within Earth’s atmosphere, where the array of sunlight cannot penetrate through the dark matter space block, except for a short period of time.
In the early morning hours, on top of Earth’s surface, from the time period of 05:01 a.m. until 5:59 a.m., a person sees only a dark black skyline, much like, during the nighttime hours, when a person sleeps for rest inside a bed mattress. Then, like a sack of oven popcorn colonels, at precisely 05:59 a.m., the Sun Block event swiftly burns away the dark matter within Earth’s atmosphere, making the air waves pop and sizzle from the heated light. Then the rays of heated sunshine glows brightly down burning each crop field with hot air temperature, signaling people to their daily work chores, starting at 06:01 a.m. at dawn, until 05:01 p.m. at dusk.
The time of dusk resets the Sun Block’s dark matter field, within Earth’s atmosphere, exactly at 05:01 p.m., every day.
During the Sun Block event, a man-made structure is closed up tight without showing the sun rays. Thus, a heavy dark tinted drape or a thick wooden pallet covers each viewing window and exposed door window, keeping the delicate human and mammal’s eyeballs protected from the dangerous blinding light.
The Thelee household provides no exception either. The glass windows and glass doors are covered in black-tinted curtains puddling down to the floor planks. Each overhead lamp is powered down into a dull mode or burning a single candle in one room with conscious people, not sleeping peoples as the Sun Block event produces extreme heat waves too slamming into all man-made and natural objects. Each man-made structure is cooled down for the upcoming event.
However, there is a second event occurring within the Thelee household, a mourning line for the dead, not buried but burnt bodies of teenagers Taffy and McCamy. No person in the South Beach Colony uses a last name. No person possesses a last name, only land, for food and income.
In the back ground a slow-moving sweet musical song softly plays among the mumbles of soft words.
The musical song entitled Amazing Grace was written by John Newton.
John Newton was a slave trader by profession and mocked religious ideas, until he encountered a terrible thunder storm on the high seas near the town of Buncrana. The city held a people population of 6,000 individual living and thriving along the Wild Atlantic Way. Buncrana is located on the current coastline of Donegal, within the current country of Ireland.
The terrible violent sea storm off the coastline of Buncrana, in the year 1748, almost sunk his merchant ship and also a frightened John. He prayed for the safety of his person and all the ship crew mates. After his person was replaced in the same spot, on the ship’s deck, that crew mate was washed off the deck and then drowned in the wicked waves. John changed his heart and sparked a spiritual awakening. However, he continued to work in the slave trade and then retired in the year 1754 for health reasons. He studied theology and devoted his time becoming a new minister in the year 1764.
On New Year’s Day, in the year 1773, he preached at an Anglican church in the town of Olney, within the country of England speaking the first two lines coming from his popular “Amazing Grace” sermon. He said to the attendees, “I once was lost, but now am found. Was blind but now I see.”
Over the years, his preaching sermons became very popular within the newly formed United States of America. His sermons were published in book format, in the year 1790, in the two cities of New York City and Philadelphia. In the year 1830, his printed sermon was presented and established to a musical hymn.



Amazing grace, how sweet the sound
That saved a wretch like me
I once was lost, but, now, am found
Was blind, but, now, I see

Was Grace that taught my heart to fear
And Grace, my fears relieved
How precious did that Grace appear
The hour, I, first, believed
Through many dangers, toils, and snares
We have already come

T’was Grace that brought us safe, thus far
And Grace will lead us home
And Grace will lead us home

Amazing Grace, how sweet the sound
That saved a wretch, like me
I once was lost, but, now, am found
Was blind, but, now, ,I see
Was blind, but, now, I see


Inside the living room setting with dull-looking, ancient, dirty, beige-tinted furniture pieces and individual worn wooden short tables, within the Thelee household, he exhales with a sour frown. “Don’t know! Just don’t know, Tulu!” Rusk stands inside a mourning line along with the other farm neighbors, leaning over, hugging Tulu with his tenderness. His two eyelids slightly close shut seeing the peeks of yellow sunlight beams, slowly hitting the wooden floor on the Thelee ranch. He wears a pair of dirty, ripped, faded blue jeans, a slightly dirty, blue-colored, short-sleeved tee shirt, and a pair of orange and purple polished cowboy boots.
Tulu stands alone against a wall of solid gray tinted rock coming from the circular patches of limestone and continues to sob out her sorrow girly emotions and then swallows down her gathered tears. She wipes the moisture from her red-tinted, swollen, wet face using a tiny soft cloth, whispering back to Rusk. “I…miss you…”
Rusk pulls back with a stern face of anger and clears his dry throat nodding a lot, explaining to her. “Me and Hixson, we’re going to hunt him down, Tulu. Just do! I don’t know, when we’ll be back here at South Beach. But be assured, we’ll find him! Get him for…for all this mess! That’s my sweet promise to you, Tulu!”
She wipes her tears and slowly nods producing more of her sad tears while thinking of her dead beau McCamy and her dead sister Taffy.
He pivots away from a crying Tulu to see her parents, a crying Tourann and a brave Thelee.
They lean against an ugly, green-tinted, ratty sofa softly whispering to each visiting farm neighbor.
Rusk moves ahead then stops leaning over with a whisper into their face as they nods with tears in silence. He shakes their hand and then exits the living room, leaving the farm ranch to find Baycliff, who has run away from his farm homestead and the South Beach Colony, after committing two cold-blooded murders, McCamy and Taffy.
Hixson, Rusk, Baycliff, and McCamy are nicknamed, the Musketeers, from that ancient author, who created a novel about three experienced French soldiers, during the war, who adopted a new rookie. The boys are schooled, work, play, and fight, together, like a set of real brothers and look like a set of real siblings, featuring a tall body frame, a tone of bronze-tinted skin tissue, a head of blonde hair curls, a pair of baby blue eyes, and a set of ripped muscles coming from all the hot days and warm afternoons while ranching on their lands, raising their livestock, and plowing their crop fields.
Baycliff is known as the rookie, who went rogue on top of the Birmingham Cliffs, when he forcefully shoved both Taffy and McCamy down into a cracked fissure pit, into their individual fiery death, among the fusion colorful flames, witnessed by Tulu.
So, Rusk plans to leave his farm along with his boyhood friend Hixson as they both start scouting the northern district near Metro City Birmingham, based on a few eyeball sightings of a runaway Baycliff. Tulu will stay home and then bury her heart and her dreams back into her dark wardrobe closet, slamming the door shut and then bolting it foreverly.
Two tall shadows scoot together sideways and then halt standing over the black-colored hair roots on Tulu. He says with a soft tone, “Tulu, my name is Director Hico. This is Vovina. She is the Superintendent here for the South Beach Colony.” He smirks at the honorific nickname of the hot humid mountain resort, which is a perfect place for fishing, gaming, and other nocturnal activities. He presents a sad face and reaches out grabbing Tulu’s hands, softly expressing, “I am truly sorry for your loss. Your sister and your betrothed beau are dead, all at once.”
Tulu continues to stare down at the wooden floor and wipes away her sad tears, licking her chapped dry lips, pushing away her rolling tears of sadness.
He exhales then states. “I am sorry that you had to miss the lovely South Beach Presentation Ceremony, this morning. But I completely understand your personal tragedy. And I have discussed your options with your parents, about your new future goals, Tulu.” Hico glances over his collar bone to see her parents. Her mother Tourann nods in silence acknowledgement, among her flowing tears, back to Hico, for her only biological daughter to leave her home and attend the Apprenticeship Program.
Hico returns back with a smile to see the hair roots on Tulu and softy speaks. “My open invitation is available to you, Tulu. I gather, based on current events here in South Beach, you might be interested in fulfilling a new venue, making new friends, seeing new places, live a new adventure event, without the old matters hanging about your hair…head, here in South Beach.”
Tulu continues to look down at the dirty floor of wood wiping the cloth against her rolling heated wet tears of sorrow, without commenting back to Hico.
He smirks down at her hair roots and softly states. “I am leaving from here with my traveling caravan for Birmingham Metro City with three other South Beach Apprentices, at one o’clock in the afternoon. You understand my travel schedule is tight. The roads are quite bumpy from here to there with only one natural bridge in-between each smooth mountain cliff. A row of travel cars will take a few hours to complete our journey through the South Beach Colony. I really insist upon keeping my trip updated. I am afraid that means beginning my journey back home to the Metro City Dance Hall building immediately, Tulu.” Hico grins with a toothy smile and inhales then exhales deeply, whirling around to see her parents.
Tourann slowly stumbles ahead from her husband to Tulu then stops standing beside Hico, leaning down into the black-hair roots on Tulu, clearing her tight throat of tears. She softly whispers in both sadness and sorrow. “Director Hico is very kind to come to our house, during his busy schedule, Tulu. He, also, provides to you, even within this tragic time, a wonderful option for you and your dreams. I have packed your clothes and personal items, Tulu. You planned as a newly celebrated sixteen years old to attend the Apprenticeship Program. Do you recall? After finishing up the program, you can come back home…”
“The Apprenticeship Program is permanent,” Tulu softly whispers staring down at the polished wooden floor, thinking of her dead beau McCamy. Her father Thelee moves from the wall, after seeing the last visitor, inside his home, then stops standing slightly behind his wife, staring at his daughter through a pair of blurry eyeballs. His heart breaks for his dead daughter.
“Yes, every little girl gets what she wants on her birthday and you want to go into the Apprenticeship Program. Now, give me a hug, Tulu!” Tourann leans down and hugs her daughter pulling back with a fake smile, tenderly pecking a light kiss on Tulu’s soft hair roots. She stands upright then pushes Tulu towards her father Thelee.
Thelee leans over and hugs his daughter, whispering into her eardrum some encouraging words and then pulls back with a stern face. He feels both worry and heartbreak, for his only biological child. Then he releases his child and hands her to Hico.
Tulu slows shuffles ahead presenting a sad face and a heavy heart, following behind the pretty yellow-colored, ankle-length skirt on Superintendent Vovina, exiting her home to participate in the Apprenticeship Program with Director Hico while making her parents happy, not her person.



Seven hours later…...

Metro City Birmingham location
  (45 miles, north, South Beach Colony)

Gray sky and dark clouds with cold temperatures
03:03 p.m. (mid-afternoon)


South Beach is the current shoreline’s nickname, for the southeastern corner, with the Colonies of U.S.A., in the year 2076. As you travel further away from the warm weather at South Beach and closer to the first city, Metro City Birmingham, where both the air and the land temperatures drastically shift from a sizzle heating hot weather pattern into a set of fizzle freaking cold currents that gather around each human body, like an unbuttoned winter coat.
Birmingham Metro City encompasses some of the old individual States from the United States of America and a few major town remnants starting in radiated Charleston, West Virginia, where only deformed mammals live, maybe some deformed men reside heading downwards to the smooth rock-coated landscape within the Grand Rock Valley Colony, going further southeast to drowning waters of the Swamp Island Colony and ending at the mountain cliffs in the South Beach Colony before falling off, dying in the heated waters of the Gulf of Mexico.
To understand the new and improved swirling waters of the Tennessee River, you must understand the city of Memphis.
In the year 2076 A.D., the city of Memphis resides on the Mississippi River, in the southeastern corner of the U.S. State of Tennessee, standing 337 feet high from sea level, where the high bluffs of limestone rock protect the land from the waters of the river. Memphis proper is comprised of 364.00 square miles of landscape, 355.00 square feet in land and 10.00 square miles or 2.74 percent of fresh water.
The current population is 4,348,260. The city landscape overlaps into numerous tiny rural homesteads in the three U.S. States of Arkansas, Mississippi, and Missouri.
Historically, a natural sight of human settlement, since 0001 A.D., by the Native American Indians. The first visitors to the Memphis landscape was Spanish conquistador Hernando de Soto, in the year 1541 A.D., exploring the New World or the future United States of America. Centuries later, the city became an agricultural market for cotton and lumber first then expanded into an international transportation hub with boats, planes, trains, and trucks moving commerce, cargo, food, and musical entertainment items.
The city features humid subtropical climate pattern. The summer days are both hot and humid with frequent afternoon and evening thunderstorms. The early autumn days are drier and mild with heated temperatures, until the month of October. Late autumn days and nights are rainy and cooler. The highest precipitation of rain occurs in the month of November.
The winter days are mild to chilly with sporadic snowfall of 02.70 inches. Ice storms and freezing rain drops occur endangering man-made poles, paved city streets, and all human life.
In the spring months, severe thunderstorms comprise large hail balls, strong winds, floods, and frequent bolts of lightning and some deadly land tornadoes.
The ancient United States of American history books did not lecture or teach or tattle to the students or the parents or the citizens regarding an underground fault line within the New Madrid Seismic Zone.
The New Madrid Seismic Zone contains an underground fault drawn 120 land miles starting at the southwestern city of Charleston, within the U.S. State of Missouri, downwards towards the city of Caruthersville, Missouri, through the town of Blytheville, Arkansas, heading in a northeasterly direction to the town of Marked Tree, Arkansas. The fault line crosses five U.S. States including Missouri, Tennessee, Mississippi, Kentucky and Arkansas and intersects three underwater places inside the Mississippi muddy river basin and two underwater points, inside the Ohio River.
In the central region, comprising a land-locked mass, without sea waters or shoreline edges, within the United States of America, a fault line occurs below the dirt, not on top of the surface and is located 200 feet below the grass blades.
On the west coastline of the U.S. States of Washington, Oregon, California, and Alaska and the country of Mexico, where the continental tectonic plate shifts then shuffles the surface area including the grasses, hills, dirt, rocks, trees, lakes, animals, and peoples.
The difference between a shoreline and a non-shoreline is the landscape features a hard, cold, dry, less fractured crust that does not shake, rattle, and roll off the landscape and then drown down into the cold sea waters. However, if an earthquake occurs below the land, the damage quickly spread underground affecting a radius 20 times larger than the epicenter.
On January 23, 1812 and then on February 7, 1812, the New Madrid fault line produced an earthquake with a magnitude of 7.5 shaking the city of Memphis extending the shifting pattern southwesterly down into the city of Birmingham, within the U.S. State of Alabama, which is 247 miles southwest from Memphis. The Mississippi River bed rose so high and rapidly that the river waters started to run backwards for 24 hours.
The after effects from the two earthquakes, above the ground and underneath the ground there at the present day city of Memphis, within the present day U.S. State of Tennessee, in the years 1811 and 1812, were ten times larger than the magnitude 07.80 earthquake on the shoreline town of present day city of San Francisco, within the present day U.S. State of California, in the year 1906 A.D.
In the year 2021 A.D., the fault line, within the New Madrid Semitic Zone, was still not active and was definitely not fully understood by the smartass scientists and could pose a potential danger of death and destruction from a future earthquake threatening parts and pieces of nine present day U.S. States, including Illinois, Indiana, Missouri, Arkansas, Kentucky, Tennessee, Oklahoma, Mississippi, and Alabama.
The smartass scientists told the calm American citizens, the probability risk of a damaging earthquake, with a magnitude of 08.00, held a low seven percentage points out of 100, over the time span of 50 long years. However, the smartass scientists did not include the threat of a nuclear war blast within their scientific and mathematical calculations.
Now, I must explain the concept of a watershed.
A watershed is a high level of solid land, such like, ridges and mountains, where rainfall and snowmelt particles drain or shed the liquid water downwards into all the small streams and rivers. Then the small streams and rivers shed downwards the same liquid waters down into larger bodies of water, such like, lakes, bays, rivers, and eventually the ocean waters.
For the Tennessee River, the watershed lands reside within the U.S. States of Tennessee, Alabama, Mississippi, and Kentucky, creating a U-shaped flowing body of fresh water over 652 land miles creating a basin of water of 40,876 square miles. The physical flow of water measures 70,575 cubic feet-per-second.
A cubic foot is the unit of volume measuring sides of length. One cubic foot equals 62.37 pounds.
The Tennessee River sits 813 feet high above sea level.
Historically and geographically, the Tennessee River is formed from two smaller rivers joining together beside the city of Knoxville, within the U.S. State of Tennessee flowing in a southwesterly direction beside the city of Chattanooga below the Appalachian Mountain foothills, missing the U.S. State of Georgia landscape completely by 250 feet and then crosses downwards beside the cities of Huntsville, Decatur, and Muscle Shoals, within the U.S. State of Alabama, skirting along the northern border on the U.S. State of Mississippi running back into the Tennessee landscape and heads upwards towards the city of Paducah, within the U.S. State of Kentucky and then dumps down into the Ohio River.
Now, Mother Nature created a specific pathway for the Tennessee River. Of course, mankind came along and redirected her lovely work.
Over the decades, the array of individual man-made dams were constructed to block the natural flow of the river water and veered the waters towards a new developing man-made town, for transport, commerce and trade or creating a new lake reservoir for recreational entertainment, throughout four U.S. States including Tennessee, Alabama, Mississippi, and Kentucky.
In the year 2076, during the surprising viciously planned invasion fight, within Nuclear War Three, the massive bombardment on the major city of Chattanooga surrounded by a mountain range viciously destroyed all the peoples and the properties first then killed millions of life forms second, when massive rocky summits rolled down in waves of large rock boulders coming from the damaged mountain peaks onto the burning land and splashing down into the river waters.
Note: Nuclear bombs were dropped and then detonated over other foreign landmasses, too, not just on the top soil on the United States of America. The countries of Japan, England, Spain, France, Italy, New Zealand and parts of Europe, and on half of countries on both Russia and China became huge radiated piles of wasteland, for 10,000 years.
When that 108 foot high, unnatural, man-made tidal wave cruised ahead overflowing waters, sands, rocks, anger animals, dead mammals, wiggling aquatic life forms, and other earth elements onto each flat, low-lying valley, holding peoples, properties, and pets, the action swelled all the water tributaries, listed hierarchically in order from the mouth of Tennessee River upstream flowing into Horse Creek; Big Sandy River; White Oak Creek; Duck River; Buffalo River, and Green River; Little Buffalo River, Piney River, Little Duck River, Beech River and Shoal Creek in the U.S. State of Tennessee. Bear Creek, Buzzard Roost Creek, Colbert Creek, Cataco Creek, Malone Creek, Mulberry Creek; Cane Creek; Dry Creek; Little Bear Creek; Spring Creek; Cypress Creek; Shoal Creek, and First Creek in the U.S. State of Alabama. Elk River is located in both U.S. States of Alabama and Tennessee. Flint Creek, Limestone Creek, Beaverdam Creek; Barren Fork Creek; Bradford Creek; Flint River, and Paint Rock in the U.S. State of Alabama. Flint River; Paint Rock River; Sequatchie River Little Sequatchie River, Mountain Creek; Lookout Creek; Chattanooga Creek; and Citico Creek in the U.S. State of Tennessee. South Chickamauga Creek is located in both U.S. States of Tennessee and Georgia.
North Chickamauga Creek resides in U.S. State of Tennessee. Hiwassee River is located in two U.S. States of Georgia and Tennessee. Conasauga Creek in Tennessee; Ocoee River resides in both in the U.S. States of Tennessee and Georgia. 
Nottely River is located in the two U.S. States in North Carolina and Georgia. Piney River in Tennessee. Clinch River resides in the two U.S. States of Tennessee and Virginia. Emory River; Little Emory River; Obed River; Little Obed River; Poplar Creek; East Fork Poplar River; Beaver Creek in the U.S. State of Tennessee. Powell River resides in the two U.S. States of Tennessee and Virginia. Little Tennessee River is located in the two U.S. States of Tennessee and North Carolina. Tellico River in U.S. State of Tennessee. Tuckasegee River; Nantahala River and Cullasaja River in the U.S. State of North Carolina. Little River; French Broad River; Little Pigeon River; Nolichucky River in the U.S. State of Tennessee. Nolichucky River; Pigeon River and Swannanoa River in the U.S. State of North Carolina. Holston River in Tennessee.
North Fork Holston River and South Fork Holston River reside in both the U.S. State of Tennessee and Virginia. Watauga River is located in the two U.S. States of Tennessee and North Carolina. Doe River resides in the U.S. State of Tennessee and Middle Fork Holston River in the U.S. State of Virginia.
These Tennessee River tributaries quietly flooded and then quickly drowned all the coastline landscape or wiped out the following man-made cities, including Bridgeport, Alabama; Chattanooga, Tennessee; Cherokee, Alabama; Clifton, Tennessee; Decatur, Alabama; Florence, Alabama; Gilbertsville, Kentucky; Grand Rivers, Kentucky; Guntersville, Alabama; Huntsville, Alabama; Killen, Alabama; Langston, Alabama; Muscle Shoals, Alabama; Paducah, Kentucky; Savannah, Tennessee; Scottsboro, Alabama; Sheffield, Alabama; South Pittsburg, Tennessee; Triana, Alabama, and Waterloo, Alabama leaving a gigantic semi-circular fresh water lake holding numerous native species of fish, turtles, snakes, and birds covering the northern portion of Alabama, the southern part of Tennessee, and the eastern side of Kentucky. Amen!

Back 50,000 years ago, the geographical central portion of the United States of America was covered by an inland sea that drained down into the Mississippi River and all of its watery tributaries dumping down into the Gulf of Mexico waters, creating large rich fertile floodplains traveling downwards into the sea beds and the sea salty waters.
The Mississippi River is the second longest river and the second largest drainage system residing on the North America continent.
The tiny fresh water stream begins at Brower’s Spring located in the U.S. State of Montana creating 3,710 miles of the Mississippi River.
Brower’s Spring is also the water source for the Missouri River.
Actually, there is still an on-going scientific geographical debate among the academicians, if the source of the mighty Mississippi River starts at either Brower’s Spring or Lake Itasca, in the Itasca State Park, in Clearwater County, within the U.S. State of Minnesota. The depth of Lake Itasca is three feet deep.
The tributary bodies of water draining down into the Mississippi River sheds from 32 different U.S. States and two provinces in the country of Canada between the Rocky Mountain and the Appalachian Mountain Range. Some of the major tributaries include Saint Croix River; Wisconsin River; Rock River; Illinois River; Kaskaskia River; Ohio River; Minnesota River; Des Moines River; Missouri River; White River; Arkansas River; Ouachita River; Yazoo River; Big Black River; Red River, and the Atchafalaya River. The catchment basin is 1,245,000 square miles.
The river waters flow in a southernly direction for 2,320 miles through the major U.S.A. cities including Saint Cloud, Minnesota; Minneapolis, Minnesota; Saint Paul, Minnesota and La Crosse, Wisconsin. And all the Quad Cities from the two U.S. States of Indiana and Illinois traveling down into the present day city of Saint Louis, within the U.S. State of Missouri; Memphis, Tennessee; Greenville, Mississippi; Vicksburg, Mississippi; Baton Rouge, Louisiana; New Orleans, Louisiana, and finally at the ocean town of  Pilottown, within the Plaquemines Parish, of the U.S. State of Louisiana channeling downwards into the warm waters of the Gulf of Mexico.
The river borders or passes through the following ten U.S. States including Minnesota, Wisconsin, Iowa, Illinois, Missouri, Kentucky, Tennessee, Arkansas, Mississippi, and Louisiana.
The Mississippi River discharges water particles at 700,000 cubic feet-per-second.
The world’s longest river, Amazon, discharges water particles at 7,000,000 cubic feet-per-second.
For centuries, since the birth of mankind, the Mississippi River surface waters dump thick layers of rich silt deposits onto the river beds creating rich fertile lands for farm crops, where the first inhabitants of North America continent, in 4,000 B.C., the Native Americans Indians resided and thrived. The Native American Indians were first established hunters-gatherers cultivating sunflowers, goosefoot, marsh elder, and wild squash vegetables for food. 
In the year 800 A.D., the natives morphed from hunter-gatherers into productive crop farmers planting and then harvesting agricultural crops featuring maize corn, field beans, and squash vegetables.
Over a geologic timeframe, the naturally outflowing course, on the Mississippi River, has changed its watery pathway with numerous methods and time periods while still draining down into the Gulf of Mexico waters, due either to Mother Nature inferences or man-made creations with locks, damns, and levees.
Along with those crazy, inventive, ancient productive crop farmers, modern mankind, with their modern man-made implements continue to farm the fertile lands over a greater time and place and then continue to create their new modern man-made environment problems including poisoned water, toxic air, and contaminated soil. And all of these new man-made poisons and toxins continue to become channeled down through the Mississippi River into the Gulf of Mexico creating the Dead Zone. The Dead Zone, within the Gulf of Mexico, is 100 miles wide by 100 miles long featuring man-made toxic chemicals from agricultural runoff draining off all fertile farm lands creating a poisonous zone of death to aquatic life forms. Nothing lives or survives or thrives there but death. And it is getting bigger too.
For decades, scientists claim fresh river waters and salt ocean sea do not mix. Since the creation of the North America continent, fresh surface water runoff has drained into the Gulf of Mexico floating on top of the salty water, creating a dark blue plume. The dark blue plume enters the Straits of Florida and then the Gulf Stream skirting the tip on the Florida peninsula traveling up the southeast coastline of Georgia and then finally blends into the Atlantic Ocean cold salt waters.
The final Mother Nature inference, she applies the natural process of avulsion or delta switching. The mouth on the river shifts its outflow region every 1,000 years as deposits of thicker and thicker silt and sediments begin to clog the current channel water. The water lever increases and causes the flow to find a steeper more direct route channeling downwards into the Gulf of Mexico. The avulsion process, over the past 5,000 years, has shifted the coastline of south Louisiana by 50 land miles, within the Gulf of Mexico waters.
First, the current formation of the Mississippi River basin was shaped by the Laurentide Ice Sheet from the Ice Age in the year 5000 B.C. When the ice sheet began to recede, rich sediment particles were deposited among the beds, creating the flat and fertile Mississippi Valley. When the ice sheets started to melt, giant glacial rivers drained water pathways into the Mississippi watershed creating such like, the valleys along the Minnesota River and James River. When ice sheets completed retreated, the newly created rivers flowed into Hudson Bay basin or the Arctic Ocean waters, leaving the 2,032 mile long Mississippi River.
Close to 300,000 years ago, the solid ice sheets, during the Ilinoian Stage blocked the formation of the Mississippi basin at Rock Island, Illinois and then diverted the current channel farther to the west along the western border on the U.S. State of Illinois. Thus, currently, the canal waters flow down the ancient channel coming from Rock Island to Hennepin, Illinois, south to Alton, Illinois and then follows the Illinois River dumping into the present Mississippi River basin.
In the year 2500 B.C., the mouth on the Mississippi River dumped out at the present location of Bayou Teche.
To provide a bird’s eye, on the ancient geographical location, the town of Saint Martinsville, within the St. Martin Parish, in the U.S. State of Louisiana lies on Bayou Teche. The town resides 16 miles east from city of Lafayette; 20 miles west of the Atchafalaya River; 10 miles north of the town of New Iberia, and two miles south of the Gulf of Mexico waters.
After the avulsion process completely, the newly formed bayou starts at the present day city of Port Barre flowing 135 miles south, kissing the lower Atchafalaya River waters at the town of Berwick. The name, Teche, is rumored to come from the Native American Chitimacha Indian word, tenche, meaning snake. The Chitimacha Indian Lore tells an ancient story about a massive river snake attacking their seashore villages and killing both some of their natives and animals. A great many Chitimacha Braves took many years to find and then kill the massive snake. When its massive carcass rested in death and started to decompose, the heavy bones left a deep indentation in the landscape as waters flowed down and then flooded the depression creating the bayou.
In the year 800 B.C., the mouth of the Mississippi River shuffled again moving further away from Bayou Teche in a southeasterly direction, due to the avulsion process.
In the year 200 A.D., the mouth of the river switched location a 1,000 years later, shifting again, in an east by southeast direction moving to the present day location of Bayou Lafourche.
After the avulsion, the river mouth split forming a descending fork named Bayou Lafourche. The early settlers used the bayou as a means of communication, a method of transportation, and a source of fresh water.
In the year 1000 A.D., the mouth of the river switched again further east by southeast to the present day location of Pilottown, Louisiana.
In the year 1400 A.D., the Red River of the South, within the U.S. State of Texas flows parallel to the lower region on the Mississippi River and then channels down into Gulf of Mexico waters.
Over the centuries, an oxbow watery loop forms on the Mississippi River creating a westward connection at present day location of Angola, Louisiana.
Red River runs in central United States of America is named from its reddish water color passing through bed fields of red within its watershed. Two springs branches in the Texas Panhandle form and then flow in an eastern direction bordering between the two U.S. States of Texas and Oklahoma then the border line of U.S. State of Arkansas between turning south at Fulton, flowing into the U.S. State of Louisiana, feeding the man-named Atchafalaya River and then dumps down into the Gulf of Mexico waters. The Red River is 1,360 miles and flows at 57,000 cubic feet-per-second.
Since the melting of the ice sheets from the Ice Age and then the creation of all the natural river systems, the natural course on the Red River and the Mississippi River had been entirely separate and then flowed parallel to each other separated between independent swamps and bayous but still dumped down into the Gulf of Mexico waters.
In the year 1401 A.D., Mother Nature intervenes. The waters on the Mississippi River continues to flow to the south and then starts to turn steering to the west, developing a loop. The loop finally intersects the Red River waters creating a downstream flow. The humans named the lower Red River waters, the Atchafalaya River. In the year 2021, the Atchafalaya River was a second transportation avenue for all river boat ships and still dumped both waters and ships down into the Gulf of Mexico warm waters. 
In the year 1876, in the month of March, the Mississippi River changes its watery course and creates a new river channel at the town of Reverie, within the U.S. State of Tennessee, physically separating the landscape of both people and animals from the U.S. States of Arkansas and Tennessee.
In the year 1881, the town of Kaskaskia, within the U.S. State of Illinois stands on top of a peninsula at the confluence of two rivers, the Mississippi River and the Kaskaskia River. After flooding rain water overtakes the peninsula forming a new Mississippi River channel and cuts the town layout from the rest of the landscape. In the year 2021, the town of Kaskaskia is an island with 14 residents living on 2,300 acres of land and is only accessible by a Missouri roadway.
Beside the threat of heavy and continuous rain water from the skies upon a river system that will start to flow then floods the ground soil, a second threat to the land and the natives is an earthquake.
The New Madrid Seismic Zone, along the Mississippi River, is located at present day city of New Madrid, within the U.S. State of Missouri between the two river cities of Memphis and Saint Louis and is a failed rift or aulacogen. The failed rift formed at the same time as the Gulf of Mexico waters. This geographical area is highly active with numerous seismically movement including the ancient previous earthquakes in the years 1811 and 1812.
Those two ancient earthquakes affected the surrounding landscape, of course, and were felt as far as the land-locked cities in the Midwest, within the South, and on the Eastern coastline and also created a new lake.
At 01:00 p.m., on Christmas Day, on the date of December 25, 1699, the first written record of an earthquake was felt inside a French missionary site, on the Mississippi River. The site was reported near present day city of Memphis, within the U.S. State of Tennessee. The ancient world explorers recorded ground shaking.
At 07:15 a.m., on December 16, in the year 1811 A.D., on the fault line, at the epicenter in northeast Arkansas, an earthquake with a magnitude of 9.0 shook for 12 minutes the landscape, at the future site of Memphis, Tennessee creating uplifts of ground soil and a sight of water waves moving upstream on the Mississippi River. Trees were knocked down and river banks collapsed.
Glass window panes and furniture pieces shook in Washington D.C. Bells rang in Richmond, Virginia. House foundations and fresh water from underground well structures sloshed in the air in Charleston, South Carolina. Plaster walls dropped off houses in Columbia, South Carolina. Furniture pieces moved across the floors in the city of Jefferson, Indiana and terrified residents fled their shaking homes in the cities of Lebanon, Ohio and Herculaneum, Missouri.
At 09:45 a.m., on February 7, in the year 1812, at the epicenter of New Madrid, within the U.S. State of Missouri created a magnitude 07.50 underground earthquake and then destroyed the town of New Madrid. In the town of Saint Louis, within the U.S. State of Missouri, many houses were severely damaged and some of the rooftop chimneys were toppled down onto the ground. 
On the Reelfoot Fault, a reverse fault segment crossed underneath bottom soil on the Mississippi River heading south at the Kentucky Bend and continued to the east as the Lake County Uplift. The uplift plus the fault created temporary waterfalls on the Mississippi River, created an upstream wave, and created the formation of the Reelfoot Lake from damming streams.
At 09:15 a.m., on January 23, in the year 1815, a rupture on the northern New Madrid Fault line, at the epicenter in southern Illinois, in the city of New Madrid, Tennessee created a magnitude 07.30 underground earthquake resulting in widespread ground deformation, landslides, fissures, cavern collapses.
From the years 1812 to 1984, the New Madrid Seismic Zone recorded 4,000 earthquakes highlighting the largest quakes in the years of 1877, 1843, and 1895.
On October 31, in the year 1895, an earthquake event produced a 06.60 magnitude, at the epicenter, in the town of Charleston, within the U.S. State of Missouri. The quake damaged buildings in the city, crated sand volcanoes, cracked the bridges, and toppled chimneys in the cities of Cairo, Illinois; St Louis, Missouri; Memphis, Tennessee; Gadsden, Alabama and Evansville, Indiana.
On the date, of November 9th, in the year 1968, a 05.40 magnitude earthquake near the town of Dale, within the U.S. State of Illinois damaging man-made buildings and was felt by people and pets, within 23 U.S. States, including the Eastern coastline, on the ocean town of Boston, within the U.S. State of Massachusetts.
The New Madrid Fault Line is embedded in a sub-surface rift that formed during the breakup of the single supercontinent landmass, 750 million years ago. The rift failed to split the surface layers of land into its own continent, thus remaining intact, like a wounded scar, creating a Zone of Weakness. This hollow scar lies deep underground and has made the Earth’s crust, within the New Madrid Fault Line landscape, a weaker landmass than the rest of the North America continent.
The Zone of Weakness is an image of a human’s cupped palm as the rift and all drifting air molecules form a pocket or a zone pocket. The Zone of Weakness is an important factor relative to the east to west compression forces coming from the continental drift of the North American plate, in turn, this landmass become more prone earthquakes far away from the tectonic plate border.
This cupped-image of a human palm sits directly underneath the river beds on the eastern bank of the Mississippi River and the bluff cliffs of Memphis, Tennessee.
From a geology point of view, the water depths at Lake Itasca, starting the first-born stream of the might Mississippi River, begins at three feet deep, and then the water level raises upwards to 12 feet deep, between the upper northern city of Saint Paul, within the U.S. State of Minnesota. At the center geographical river city of Cairo, within the U.S. State of Illinois, the water depth raises 30 feet in depth. Below the city of Cairo, the river water reaches 100 feet deep. The deepest part of the Mississippi River averages 200 feet in water depth at the city of New Orleans.
Mother Nature makes rain clouds producing sheets of rain, feeding fresh clean water to both men and animals. Rain waters flood all rivers and the Mississippi River is not exempt from Mother Nature. In the year 1927 A.D., the governmental engineers closed off all side water channels forcing the increase of flood waters into the main river. The speed of the river particles would scrape the bottom sediments deepening the river bed and decreasing flood water overflowing onto the landscape. Well, the engineers were wrong.
So, the Great Mississippi Flood of 1927; Great Flood of 1951, and the Great Flood of 1993 affected the river beds and flooded the landscape anyways displacing people and plants. Over the long decades, the ancient American geologists predicted the course of the Mississippi River will change its route going through the Atchafalaya Basin or Lake Pontchartrain still dumping all the fresh waters down into the Gulf of Mexico waters.

In the early mild winter days, at the start of the new calendar year 2076 A.D., the bombardment of colorful laser beams by foreign man-made weapons start to damage and then burn all the healthy groves of trees, the diverse aquatic fauna, flowers, and fishes first and then continue to perturb the massive deep 200 feet of fresh waters on the Mississippi River.
At the mouth of the Mississippi River, the massive bomb attack blast the waters, the properties, the ships, the soldiers, the peoples, and the pets, over and over again, creating a second unnatural tidal wall, on top of the river, thrusting forward a monster 113 foot high wall of water in a northernly direction. The rushing wall of water increases the mechanical stress on the New Madrid Fault Line, along the Mississippi River, compressing the lithosphere, perturbing the shallow sub-surface failed rift. The naturally created 100 feet high tidal wave generates a massive ground motion and fills the blue sky first, then the lands next, and finally the seas last. The solid heavy matter perturbs the non-active fault line into life starting to shake, rattle, and roll surface waters, lands, and underground streams, and dirt balls into numerous geographical gigantic upthrust of waves with hard rocks and thick dirt particles pouring over and then wiping out 25 million peoples, places, and pets, within eleven U.S. States including Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Illinois, Indiana, Mississippi, Missouri, Oklahoma, Tennessee, and Texas.
Eight month later, on August 18th, the Nuclear War Three is won by the rebels from the United States of America, the Mississippi Basin with all its fish species, turtles, snakes, fauna, and groves of woodlands have disappeared creating a new shoreline in the center of the formal U.S. State of Mississippi and leaves behind a tiny semi-crooked creek stream of fresh drinking water smoothly flowing northernly into the dead and burnt Canada boundary.

Back then, in the year 2076 A.D., the gleeful popular ancient city of Memphis was located at the southwestern corner, with the Deep South. Now, Nashville Metro City is the newest southwestern corner, within the newly created Colonies of the U.S.A.
Three weeks, after all the water droplets dried and the fiery skyline cleared, pouring brightly heated sunrays down on the damage landscape, starting at the major city of Knoxville, in-between all the low-lying smaller towns of Harrison; Kingston; Lenoir City; Loudon; Soddy-Daisy, and Signal Mountain, finally ending on the outskirts of the major city of Chattanooga, the river waters dried up creating flat valleys of dry dirt and dead grove of trees. The falling bombs had blown off large swatches of heavy, fiery rock boulders from all the mountain summits raining down, blocking the river bed and halted water flow into the Tennessee River, thus creating the Grand Rock Valley Colony.
In the back yard of the Birmingham Metro City, running ten miles from the dry meadow fields, a 248 foot long by 136 foot wide by 97 foot high, without a rooftop, ugly, metal foot bridge flows over the rough-moving Tennessee River leading directly into the ancient city of Nashville, within the ancient U.S. State of Tennessee. However, an uglier, 66 foot long, by 18 foot wide, by 117 foot high row of metal security gates, blocked and bolted, stands between you and the other civilized Colony.
Only an assigned and paid Director can grant your person with his or her vocal permission to enter his or her guarded and protected Colony, since there is limited transportation, limited food, limited employment, and unlimited opportunity for a set of naughty stuff, by a gang of naughty folks.
Within Birmingham Metro City, among the cold air temperatures and a skyline of thick gray-tinted clouds of mild winter weather, Director Hico briefly speaks to his captured audience, the immediate and extended family members and their male or female new Apprentice. A female is given a lovely bouquet of flowers. A male receives a handshake, not a flower. The 16 years old males and females are separated from their family members and then split apart entering a different section inside an ancient building, with some new and improved features, known as the Metro City Dance Hall, which once named the Birmingham Civic Center.

At 03:01 p.m., the Presentation Ceremony was held in front of the ancient building, in the cold windy weather, perturbing all the Apprentices, for their upcoming fighting fun, and detouring all the biological guardians foreverly from the program. Hico usually always encouraged all family members to return home, so he conducted his program in secret without interference from a nosy or bossy parent.
However, this new solar season, Hico has invited all the family members to stay and reside in one of the ratty hotels located a block away from the Metro City Dance Hall and they will come and watch their child dance in the new floor competition.
The Metro City Dance Hall appears both damaged and ugly standing ten stories high on the outside walls of broken, smashed, crushed, and missing row of red bricks, wearing a ratty metal tin roof in various shade prints from silver-tint to red-tint protecting the interior walls. The side towers offered nice individual hotel rooms during the happier times, in the year 2076 A.D. Now, all the windows have been boarded or cemented covering each empty hole for protection from the nasty weather elements and flying mammals and any soaring metal objects.
The front entrance displays ten dirty, whitish-black colored, tall, thick concrete, circular columns holding the center portion of the building upright and steady, even after the massive laser bombardment.
The smooth front porch slab presents shallow and deep pot holes and short and long cracked concrete fissures but is suitable for walking for an upright human or a crawling animal. A visitor or an Apprentice climbs 34 whitish-black concrete steps with missing blocks and cracked fissures but is suitable for marching for an upright human or a crawling animal.
Then the person enters an open archway from one of four doorways, without a wooden or metal protection door. Walking further into the entranceway setting, the person feels and views all the ceiling holes seeing the gray tinted clouds in the sky and above their hair roots. Then the person halts and slowly enters through an active electronic machine scanning each body frame for a deadly weapon, in case, an angry fit from an emotional teen, after losing the only spot, within the Apprenticeship Program.
Once an approval from the machine, the person walks through the row of metal doors entering the dance hall reception lobby. The lobby space is dark and cold. The entrance wall feels cold and contains a long metal wall in black hue with scattered rusty spots. Across from the metal wall, a warm wooden wall of new and ancient planks in dark hue and features two archways. Each archway holds four sliding doors, all closed. Behind the closed doors, the dance hall waits for the Apprentices.
Each side wall is an open space leading deeper into a new hallway. Further down the hallway, lovely colors pop on all the walls.
If a visitor or an Apprentice moves to the left-side open wall, the wall colors change into dark green introducing the work room for Superintendent Kodare then pads further down into blood red tinted walls towards the work room for Superintendent Doboil.
In the opposite side, if a visitor or an Apprentice shuffles to the right-side open wall, the wooden walls change into pretty lavender paint introducing the first work room for the females under the direction of Superintendent Vovina, padding further down, viewing a pink-tinted walls and finally the last work room for the female teens with Superintendent Starbe.
Inside the damaged ancient building, the theater stage platform still exits and is still located behind the two archways, in its original place and wooden state, for all future entertainment performances. Like in the year 2076 A.D., before the Third Nuclear War, people enjoyed attending a theater stage performance forgetting about their troubles and worries for one long moment. And the theater stage actors needed to practice for a brilliant performance making the visitors happy again. Thus, each theater stage is built beside a rehearsal stage for all the actors and actresses.
Hico has employed the same concept. Beside each intact and non-damaged original theater stage, there are two rehearsal stages. Each rehearsal room has been slightly modified and presents a smaller version of the entertainment theater with a smaller center stage a few inches from a solid floor and reduced floor space without windows and a draw curtain for drama, on the side wall.
Over the five year period, within the Apprenticeship Program, Hico has slowly added male teens mixed with the female teen Apprentices creating the need for two additional rehearsal rooms. He cut through the chorus space and modified the room duplicating the two female rehearsal rooms for the teens. Each enclosed dressing room for an actor or actress is the current office space for a working superintendent.
The musical song Material Girl came from the album entitled Like A Virgin and performed by American musical artist Madonna in the year 1984. The musical songs played were Pop sounds.


Some boys kiss me
Some boys hug me
I think they’re ok
If they don’t give me proper credit
I just walk away

They can beg and they can plead
But they can’t see the light (that’s right)
Cause, the boy with the cold hard cash
Is always Mister Right?

Because, we are living in a material world
And I am a material girl
You know that we are living in a material world
And I am a material girl

Some boys romance
Some boys slow dance
That’s all right with me
If they can’t raise my interest, then I
Have to let them be

Some boys try and some boys lie but
I don’t let them play (no way)
Only boys who save their pennies
Make my rainy day

Because, we’re living in a material world
And I am a material girl
You know that we are living in a material world
And I am a material girl
Living in a material world
And I am a material girl
You know that we are living in a material world
And I am a material girl

Living in a material world (material)
Living in a material world
Living in a material world (material)
Living in a material world

Boys may come and boys may go
And that’s all right you see
Experience has made me rich
And now they’re after me

Because, everybody’s living in a material world
And I am a material girl
You know that we are living in a material world
And I am a material girl
Living in a material world
And I am a material girl
You know that we are living in a material world
And I am a material girl

A material, a material, a material, a material world

Living in a material world (material)
Living in a material world
Living in a material world (material)
Living in a material world


At 03:13 p.m., moving down an empty hallway, that was once painted in pretty shade of lavender hue, presents columns of peeling paint particles in dull gray hue, depressing rows of dead potted flowers, and columns of old and dusty framed pictures of ancient and dead city leaders, a 30-year-old looking, tall, slender woman named Superintendent Vovina leads a line of twenty-six female teens from the front of a depleted, red brick-covered, ten-story building, strolling down an ugly hallway while clapping with her smile.
Vovina yells without seeing any of her teens, “Come this way! Follow me, my little sugar plums! Tsk! Tsk! March along! One. Two. Three. We have much to accomplish, before our assigned bedtime ritual. March along! One. Two. Three.” Each female Apprentice forms a long line, which is broken out into pairs or a single girl.
Moving down the ugly hallway, a cute petite teen measures five feet and two inches in short height, a head of shoulder length dirty blonde hair strands, a tone of peach-beige tinted skin, and a pair of green colored pupils wearing an ankle-length red tinted dress with long sleeves underneath a pink tinted turtleneck shirt and a pair of work boots in black hue. Apprentice Kiwi smiles with excitement of the Apprenticeship Program and follows behind the back spine on a taller teen, moving between a pair of two other new Apprentices, touching her bouquet of flowers. She says, “This bouquet of flowers is beautiful.”
A tall, sexy teen measures five feet and eleven inches in height on a muscular body frame, a head of short brown tinted hair, a tone of ivory skin and a pair of brown eyes wearing a ratty, tacky, short mini-dress in ugly brown fabric, which has been patched repeatedly, and a pair of flat non-polished sandals exposing her unpolished toenails. Apprentice Brazoria follows behind the swishing skirt on Vovina and then drops her flower bouquet down on the floor. She snarls with a lovely sneer, “This ain’t a real bouquet of flowers. The flowers represent a nest of nasty honeysuckle vines that grow wild all over the dirt and up through the broken concrete slabs here in Birmingham Metro City and thrive through all kinds of weather, including ice and snow.”
The teen appears a tall height of five feet and eight inches, on a queen-sized body frame, possessing a tone of pink tinted skin, a pair of violet eyeballs, and a head of long red tinted hair strands, wearing a short-sleeved, blue-tinted tee shirt over a pair of orange-tinted, ankle-length pants and a pair of soft leather shoes in green hue. Apprentice Jellico moves ahead with another teen and pats her small bouquet of honeysuckles saying with a smile. “The flowers smell heavenly to my nose holes. Almost like, I can eat all of them for dinner time.”
The teen presents an average height and weight body frame, of five feet and six inches, possessing a tone of peach tinted skin, a head of cropped strawberry blonde hair strands, and a pair of brown eyes, wearing a pair of ripped white-tinted blue jeans, an aquamarine colored, long-sleeved tee shirt, and a pair of unpolished, brown-tinted cowgirl boots. Apprentice Atoka points down at the tiny light green tinted stem on each honeysuckle plant in her bouquet. “You don’t eat the honeysuckle plant. You suck down a honeysuckle by pulling out the flower stem which leaks out its sweet honey juice and then lick the plant stick with your tongue,” she jerks one of the tiny stems from the flower and lifts to her mouth, sucking on the plant stem, pulling it out with a smile and a nod, “Mmm! It’s sweetly good! We lick sticks back home in Miss.”
The petite, plain-looking teen measures five feet and three inches possessing a head of long auburn tinted hair strands, a pair of grey colored pupils, and a tone of yellow tinted skin, wearing an ankle-length, yellow tinted wool dress without sleeves with a black tinted turtleneck shirt and a pair of brown tinted work boots. Apprentice Etta moves down the empty hallway sounding with loud laughter beside her new friend Atoka. “You talk funny, girlfriend! And what are you missing here? I see that you got both your travel bag and your bouquet of honeysuckles.”
Atoka nods with a grin then says. “Miss is a shorten name for the old State called Mississippi. We used to be an independent Colony, in the year 2076, and worked with our own government, governor and guts…”
“Guts and glory!” The teen whispers for her eardrums and appears in average height standing at five feet and seven inches on an overweight body frame, a head of short black tinted hair strands, a pair of black pupils, and a tone of black skin wearing a long-sleeved, pink-tinted tee shirt, a pair of white tinted walking shorts, and a pair of polished black-tinted cowgirl boots. Apprentice Ocee strolls alone and frowns down at the floor, holding the flower bouquet near her leg.
She shouts out loud for all eardrums, “Guts and glory! That was once the ancient theme motto within the old United States of America, before my home town of Memphis, Tennessee sunk down into the dried beds on the non-flowing Mississippi River. Now, my home town is gone and the new motto is long and gone or beaten and bloody…”
“I agree with her.” Una spins around and nods to Ocee. Una presents a slender body frame measuring five feet and two inches, possessing a short hair bob of dirty blonde-tinted strands, a pair of amber pupils, and a tone of coffee-colored skin flesh. She wears an ankle-length ratty dress in pink hue underneath a long coat in brown tint and a pair of brown tinted work boots.
Ocee looks up and slaps her chest nodding back to the new teen, saying out loud. “My name is Ocee.” She speeds her step then strolls beside her new friend Una.
“O! You’re the baby whale that Hico had to carry from the South Beach Colony, this afternoon, rolling off them Birmingham Cliffs. Ain’t that right, girlfriend?” Brazoria still follows Vovina and laughs with an evil tone. She has memorized and assessed each teen girl for the solo position of the Apprentice job. No other female measures greater than Brazoria.
Ocee gasps in confusion then yells at the rear hairy bone skull on a taller Brazoria. “I beg your pardon, non-girlfriend!”
A tall, skinny teen measures five feet and ten inches possessing a head of long brown hair strands, a tone of honey colored skin, and a pair of hazel pupils, wearing a fitted, knee-length dress in bright yellow fabric with scattered large red flowers and a pair of red-tinted, polished cowgirl boots. Apprentice Pemona follows behind the two shorter body frames on Ocee and Una studying the body size and the body movements on a taller muscular Brazoria. Pemona laughs with a grin and then yells for fun. “Didn’t Director Hico purposefully or accidentally nickname you, Godzilla Brazoria, sweetie?” The other teens laugh with Pemona inside the nosily hallway.
Brazoria spins around from the skirt hemline on Vovina and shuffles backwards jabbing her unpolished fingernail, sounding with a lady sneer at a tall Pemona, then a plump Ocee, and finally a petite Una. “I do not like you or you or you. This place is a pure girly competition for the one to graduate from the Apprenticeship Program, not some old timey Garden Party, ya’ll. We’re here to compete. Period! And I plan to rule totally.” She spins around without tripping over the unfamiliar floor and views the pretty dress on Vovina still snarling in anger at the new teen named Pemona.
Una touches her chest and smiles at the back spine on Brazoria saying to all the girls. “I’m Una. I believe we should work together and not fight for the leadership position and then show Director Hico that there is a need for many Apprentices to fix and repair the new Colonies of the U.S.A. back to its original glory and glamour.”
Before reaching the extended hallway with pink tinted walls, Vovina rolls both of her eyeballs at the cat fight among the female teens and then turns to face an open archway, strolling through the doorway into a new room, which is named the Art Gallery.
She does not stop but yells to her group of teens, “Come inside, Apprentices! Stop and select a chop block table for your new assignment! Do not touch any items on top of the chop block. Or you will be immediately eliminated from the Apprenticeship Program and then sent back to your residential home and your unhappy family in both disgrace and ridicule,” she shuffles down an empty aisle between the six rows of furniture pieces and then stops standing in front of a single block of solid wood within the rehearsal room. She spins around with a smile and then sits on top of the chop block surface sounding with an array of soft giggles.
Each teen follows behind Vovina and enters into a new, strange room, splitting apart, finding a chop block table also. Some females sit down in the chair. The other girls stand behind the block table scanning the contents.
The room is square-shaped featuring once upon a time lavender painted wall. Each wall now has morphed into a dull and grey depressing environment. The forward wall contains two steps displaying a center theater stage platform in non-polished wooden planks with a long dangling black tinted curtain hiding the ugly grey wall paint. Each side wall is windowless. One side wall presents on the lower portion a row of garden hoses with an individual facet. The opposite side holds a dangling black tinted curtain puddling the floor. A nice heated breeze of warm air waves from the working heating system slightly wiggles the thin curtain material sideways without harming the drapes.
The entrance wall features a wide and tall open archway, without a wooden door, and two rows of mounted garden hoses beside of wooden door frame.
In the middle of the space, twelve rows of individual dark brown wooden tables stand five feet apart holding a single high stool and array of several items on top of the smooth surface, six horizontal rows on each side with an open empty aisle for free and non-dangerous foot stomps.
Inside the same nosily hallway, a petite, black-haired, bronze-skinned teen lags behind the lines of young girls and then spins around seeing the commotion going down the opposite hallway. Gangs of yelling, shoving, and troublesome boys slowly move down the opposite hallway aisle presenting a back spine to her face.
She whispers for her eardrums only, “This is a dance competition. That means, a boy-girl pairing for a dance competition. None of the South Beach teen males were selected or came along with Director Hico.” She twirls around and wears a stern brow facing an open archway, entering the new room with more female sounds. She turns and strolls ahead towards the corner wall.
Apprentice Tulu views the last block table with a single high stool then stops feeling her heavy heart shake, rattle and roll down into her toenails. She drops down her worn black-tinted cloth bag on top of the nice clean floor and then slides down inside a nicely padded seat that’s painted with yellow and red flowers, placing both of her flat palms on top of the wooden surface. She stares at the forward wall in silence.

At 03:21 p.m., in front of the rehearsal stage. Vovina possesses a long red-tinted ponytail of hair, measuring five feet and nine inches in height, placing a set of manicured neon orange-painted fingernails inside her lap, wearing a fluffy yellow, blue, and orange-colored circular skirt and a white-tinted, silk, short-sleeved blouse. Then she crosses each ankle bone over a pair of neon yellow-colored, three-inch fashionable spiked heeled sandals and as she tilts her chin to the side and then presents a big smile, staring at the captured audience. She flutters a pair of red-tinted, maracas-covered eyelashes against her blue and orange-tinted eye shadow, speaking with a pair of bright orange painted lips in a sweet tone. “Welcome to the Apprenticeship Program here at Metro City Birmingham! We are the only Metro City to have this opportunity…”
“I have a question, Vovina!” Brazoria shouts out loud with a sour frown and continues to stand in the middle of the room, inside the empty aisleway, not sitting behind a chop block of solid wood.
“Please, call me, Superintendent Vovina! All your questions will be addressed, after my practiced and prepared speech, starting with my personal introduction. Please, sit down, each Apprentice!”
Brazoria slides into an empty chip block and slams both of her hands flat on the wooden surface creating a loud thumping noise, sneering at Vovina.
“Thank you! I am Superintendent Vovina.” She states and then thumbs back behind her collar bone to the center stage, holding three standing mature adults. “This is Superintendent Kodare, Superintendent Doboil, and Superintendent Starbe. First piece of news item, this is a dance competition with a dance partner. Your beau or boyfriend or brother has been invited to attend as your personal dance partner. Don’t fret! If your beau or boyfriend or brother does not attend, you will be provided with a dance partner. Second, Superintendent Kodare and Superintendent Doboil will supply the male partner for your turn in the dance competition. The second piece of information needed here. The room of sixteen-year-old females comes from each Colony. Superintendent Starbe and I are splitting up the number of teens into two groups. The four females coming from the South Beach Colony and six females of the North Ridge Mountain Colony are to stay here with me. The other two Colonies with their individual Colonists will go and play with Superintendent Starbe. I promise, she is conducting the same lesson for her set of sixteen-year-old Apprentices too. This way works much better with two instructions, instead of one. Shoo! Scat! Get going, Swamp Island and Grand Rock Valley girls.”
On top of the elevated stage, Superintendent Starbe moves ahead then drops down from the stage platform, strolling ahead with a grin down an empty aisle between the rows of chop blocks. She shouts, “Follow me, girls!”
Six females from the Swamp Island Colony plus four females from the Grand Rock Valley Colony, each one stands upright from the chair then leans down, picking up their luggage, following behind the back spine on Starbe, leaving the Art Gallery with Vovina, Doboil, and Kodare.
The door closes shut.
In front of the room, on top of the chop block table, Vovina rocks her ankle bones back and forth, saying with a sigh to each Apprentice, “All right! We have much to cover in these short six days without the exposed sunlight. Here, at Metro City Birmingham, which is the center of the Colony, you will experience a significant drop in your body temperature, from the lack of hot molecules bombarding the skyline, which causes dread for every person living here, since the end of Nuke War Three, in the year 2078. To contain our body heat and body beautiful, we dress in a set of fine garments of wool, satin, silk, and furry little dead creatures, which are gathered and captured from the surrounding meadow fields...”
“Vines of annoying honeysuckles, not fields of pretty flowers,” Brazoria shouts with a sour frown and slaps the chop block surface with her flat palms creating a loud thumping sound.
“Thank you, Apprentice Brazoria! Now, back to my practiced and prepared lecture! I have been employed by Director Hico for a devoted and dedicated five years, since the ending of Nuke War Three. I am properly trained as a Superintendent and represent one of the Colony districts, which called South Beach. The South Beach Colony possesses extreme warmth and heated air currents and a hot spring caverns for both health and vigor. Isn’t that right, Apprentice Tulu?”
Tulu gasps in alarm at the mentioning of her name and then blushes in her girly embarrassment, seeing each pair of eyeballs coming from the other Apprentices turn and stare into her wall corner.
In front of the room, Vovina claps with a smile for her attention. The eyeballs of each Apprentice returns back to see Vovina. She announces with a grin. “Information blurt here! You do not every leave the confine of the Metro City property in order to visit another part of the area. You do not leave this building, unless you are escorted by a Superintendent. We have special fun festivals planned for a couple of days honoring each Apprentice, where you will engage and make new friends with most assurance.”
“Are those the ball parties that I have heard so much about back home?” Atoka smiles.
“No! A ball party comes, after you have been accepted into the Apprenticeship Program. This wing, inside the old building, is dubbed the Art Gallery, which is a fun and innocent name, describing our new set of tasks. Down the hallway, there is a different wing, which is called the Dance Hall. And across the way, the entire wall comprises each Apprentice’s suite that will be used for your temporary living quarters, during the program attendance. This is a competition for one or maybe two positions as an Apprentice, who will directly report and work for Director Hico here inside Birmingham Metro City. I want those words to be burned down into your mind, etched on your face, and tattooed on your heart. The competition is fierce, fiery, and final, second. Once competition is over, that’s it. Does everyone agree, concur, and conform?” Each Apprentice nods in silent acceptance.
Vovina says with a grin, “Very good! You need to hear a short list of rules. You must address each Superintendent as Superintendent, like Superintendent Vovina, which is like me. You must address your fellow Apprentice, as such, Apprentice Tulu. You must address Director Hico as Director Hico. The morning session begins at nine in the morning, after the breakfast meal, which is eaten inside your private suite. The time is after three in the afternoon right now. As each one of us knows vividly, the Sun Block event comes faster, within the northern Colonies rather than southern ones.
“The sun and temperature both go way down into a chilling zone of coldness. Thus, we do not waste time here within Birmingham Metro City. Please, leave the Art Gallery and locate your individual Apprentice suite across the way. Hint here: your proper and correctly spelled name has been painted over the wooden threshold for easy identification. You will find a set of body garments spread out prettily onto your sleeping pallet and then change, and finally return back here inside the Art Galley immediately for our first task which leads to your second task for the day. And thank you.”
Inside the Art Galley setting, Tulu continues to sit inside her chair, waits for each teen to leave the room, and then leans down grabbing her luggage bag, slowly standing upright from the chair, moving ahead through the archway. She turns to face the end hallway and slowly moves down the busy corridor looking at each threshold for her personal name.
Some of the females race up and down the wall searching for their private bedroom suite. Apparently, the individual identification sign is not listed in alphabetic order, for ease, within a southern dumb belle’s neurons.
Tulu moves down the correct side of the wall and then stops standing in front of a weather-beaten green-tinted metal door, exhaling with her deep sorrow and sadness. She really wants to go back home and cry on her bed pillow, inside her private bedroom, trying to forget yesterday. She reaches up and touches the door knob twisting her wrist bone.

At 03:38 p.m., the private door swings open and reveals a tiny room space with a single twin-sized bed mattress covered in a black-tinted bedspread with tiny outlines of white circles, making the room darker and depressed. The forward wall is boarded with an array of sideway wooden planks and patches of dried cement, all painted in black hue. The tiny room looks both dark and scary.
Tulu ignores the interior decorum and moves inside the room strolling towards the bed mattress, wearing a heart heavy and a sad face and feels both alone and unafraid.
She stops and then tosses her small bag of clothing on top of the neat bedspread and away from the string of new clothes exhaling with a deep sigh of depression, pondering her decision to come here now. She actually thinks her active mind will be removed from the terrible tragedy of yesterday, but her sad heart is not.
She slowly undresses from the dirty garments and drops them down on top of the worn wooden floor, dressing in a skimpy set of clothes and then is covered with an oversized white-colored terry cloth bathrobe used in a private lavatory. She exhales with deep breaths of sadness then spins around to face the closed door, moving ahead, exiting the room and lands inside an empty hallway. She moves down the hallway and then turns into the open archway on the Art Gallery.

At 03:42 p.m., Tulu moves ahead to her assigned chop block furniture piece wearing a stern face. She nervously jerks the soft terry cloth belt tighter around her bathrobe over her semi-naked body, feeling the cold air inside the new room. She stops and slides back down into the same padded chair of yellow and red tinted patterned flowers, inside the same wall corner, exhaling with a deep sigh.
The other Apprentices have selected the same chop block and chair also staring at Vovina or examining the hard surface on the small table.
Her eyeballs stare down at two short rows of rusty and sealed tiny canisters on top of the wooden surface, which have been used numerous times. Her individual chop block table is made of wood standing at three feet high by three wide by four feet long, such like, a small table for cutting up raw fruits and vegetable for the supper meal, such like, her mother’s own cutting table, inside her kitchen setting at her home, the South Beach Colony. The surface holds fifteen sealed cans and a mini-water troth devise looking like a drinking pot for the herd of horses, that lives near the barn stalls back home also.
The wooden table surface possesses a set of scattered individual warp spots, where the dull wood has been exposed to an array of harsh natural element, such like, too much heated sun or heavy rainfall.
Tulu glances to the side wall. The side wall does not contain a single viewing window or an exit door, only dull and peeling lavender tinted paint.
She views the front of the room seeing a short elevated dull-looking wooden platform, where the interior stage is shielded by a dangling black-tinted, ugly, repaired and re-patched curtain drape that waves it tail ends with a back and forth motion at each new Apprentice teen.
In the front of the room, Vovina continues to sit on top of her individual chop block table in front of the elevated center stage, smiling at each Apprentice.
The tall, blonde-haired, handsome adult male, Superintendent Kodare stands inside one of the wall corners on top of the wooden center stage, staring with a smile at each female teen, in silence. A slim, sleek, and slender black-hair, short male with a face of black whiskers, Superintendent Doboil stands on the opposite side wall presenting a smile, studying each female, in silence, also.
Tulu continues to survey each bare naked wall, inside the Art Gallery. For a room nicknamed the Art Gallery, there is not a single piece of colorful art or painting or drawing or portrait. Each wall is blank and painted in dull fading lavender hue.
Tulu views her side wall and studies each rusty steel grid that covers the entire wooden floor, running across the entire space. On the last row of chop block tables and behind a line of human back spines including Tulu’s, a long row of tiny water hoses are mounted on the wooden wall consisting of a faucet nozzle and a set of coiled rubber hose around a protruding holder.
Tulu continues to stare down at each rusty floor grid, where a stream of flooding water can drip down from the floor, down into a hidden basement room or an underground water stream outside the building. Then she returns back with a gasp, staring at each warped spot on top of the hard surface of her chop block that has been damaged by water. She nods with a smile staring at the chop block and then down at the clean floor tiles.
The Art Gallery environment is washed on a daily basis with flooding water while creating the set of warp spots on the floor, inside each floor grid, and on top of each chop block table.
She looks down at the seat on her chair, which feels new, not creaky, but creepy. An Art Gallery, without a single art piece, gives her the creepettes as she snorts with amusement.
In front of the room, Vovina wiggles side to side on top of the hard wood table wearing a smile saying to the teens. “And for my next trick, I always wanted to be an actress here, ya’ll. For my next trick, I’ll make Kodare and Doboil disappear,” she laughs with each teen Apprentice and then commands. “Kodare and Doboil disappear now.” Kodare and Doboil continue to stand in each wall corner presenting a puzzled brow. 
She yells out loud and presents a sour frown while staring at the Apprentices. “Leave now, Kodare and Doboil!” The two adult men shuffle away from the wall corner and then exit from the Art Gallery, leaving the doors open.
In front of the room, Vovina continues to sit on top of her individual chop block table with a pair of crossed ankle bones and studies each female saying with a smile, “Hmm! Let’s see! My first victim is Apprentice Tulu. You can be my first victim. Do you mine, dear?” Tulu looks up from the table and sounds with a gasp in alarm staring at Vovina.
Vovina slides off the hard surface and slowly strolls around the crowded room saying with her smile, “You’re wonderful, Apprentice Tulu! Please, stand upright from your chair, Apprentice Tulu! Remove the sealed lid from the first can on top of your chop block, very carefully, Apprentice Tulu.”
Tulu stands up from the chair and softly sounds with a girly giggle leaning over with a smile, gently lifting the lid up from the lip on the first rusty canister. The contents reveals the green neon sparkling paint. “Bite-nats,” she whispers for her eardrums only.
Each Appreciate moves away from their individual chop block and then stops gathering in a huddle around Tulu and her chop block table.
Vovina stops and stands in front of the Tulu’s chop block table that displays two rows of closed paint cans. She smiles down at the open can of green tinted paint and then orders to Tulu. “You must speak clear and loud for everyone to hear your question, Apprentice Tulu. As you can see, the first single canister contains green tinted paint, if you recall from your formal education, either at home or at school. This is not a can of paint that smears onto a plaster wall as a bedroom decoration. This substance is called bite-nats.” The teens sound with a round of soft girly giggles.
Vovina looks up with a smile to see each female. “Yes, it is a funny word, but it does fun things. Bite-nats will not harm your body, your heart, your organs, or your exterior skin. I use it as makeup foundation on my naked human face, currently every day. My skin glows healthy and young living here in Birmingham Metro City, every day. The best method of show and tell is with a small demonstration.” She faces and smiles at Tulu. “Apprentice Tulu, please, expose your upper torso within the bathrobe, since you have changed into the body garment.”
Tulu swallows the bile back down her tight throat and blushes in pinky tone on both of her smooth cheekbones from her girly embarrassment, pulling out her two arms from the warm robe, feeling the cold air inside the room. She reveals a white bra around her small breasts.
She flips her manicured hand near her grin watching Tulu. “Don’t be shy, Tulu! Every teen girl has to perform this task, or you don’t continue right now within the Apprenticeship Program. Now, look down and pull on the tiny knob that is attached to the chop block, which is in front of your body. There is a tiny drawer in front of each chop block.”
Tulu looks down and reaches over touching the tiny wooden knob. She had not noticed before. She jerks backward as the drawer smoothly glides from the slot revealing a stack of colorful clipped photographs of objects.
Vovina extends her hand to Tulu and says with a smile. “Now, pick up the first picture and give it to me.” Tulu hands the glossy photograph to Vovina. Vovina accepts the glossy picture and hugs it into her breast saying with a grin. “Now, this is going to be really fun for all. Dip your hand down into the bucket of green paint, Apprentice Tulu.”
Tulu leans down and then drowns her fingernails, finger bones, and half-way down to the crook on her elbow while giggling with her girly amusement. She understands the next step of the process and the concept of the bite-nats paint, compliments of her dead boyfriend McCamy.
Vovina giggles with a silly grin. “Good dunk with the hand and the arm, Apprentice Tulu! Now, lift your coated green colored hand up in the air for all eyeballs to see.”
Tulu lifts up the hand in the air and away from her smile as green paint splashes down on top of the table surface, the floor tiles, her naked feet, her naked skin, and her white-colored bathrobe.
She smiles, “It seems weird with the goo leaking all over your naked arm, your naked hand, and your naked feet, but this is the fun part. Now, your new creation takes time and patience, lots of patience, which we will be practicing here inside the Art Gallery, today. So, do not become frustrated, if you can’t do this trick on the first try. Sometimes the creative bite-nats process takes a few minutes or a few hours. Okay! Are we ready, Apprentices?” Each teen stares at the green tinted arm on Tulu and slowly nods in silence.
Vovina removes the photograph from her chest and then twirls her body around showing the picture to all the dancing eyeballs on the other teens first. Then she whirls around and presents to Tulu, ordering with a stern face. “Look at this pic in my hands, Apprentice Tulu! Thoroughly memorize the image like a 3D picture using height, wide, and depth measurements inside your brain cells.” Tulu nods in silence as she understands what to do next with the bite-nats paint.
She nods. “Close your eyes, Apprentice Tulu.” Tulu closes her two eyelashes. Vovina smiles. “Now, image the photo inside your mind, like a picture. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax.” Tulu breathes normally, since she knows what’s going to happen next. Vovina grins. “Relaxation is the key to the formation, Apprentices. Caution warning here: if you lose relaxation, your creation is gone. Apprentice Tulu, think object is a glove.”
Tulu mentally holds the thought of the think object: glove. Then, a green neon colored, soft silk glove prettily morphs from the bite-nats paint, extending from her middle finger on her hand upwards to the crook on her elbow. The other Apprentices gasp in shock.
She gags and then gasps finally croaking out loud with intrigue to Tulu. “What? How? Hmm! You’re very swift, Tulu. You have succeeded in your very first creation on your first try with manipulating the green paint of bite-nats, very quickly. Have you? Well, of course not! You have done an excellent first task, Tulu. My congrats! Bite-nats paint is similar to a piece of wiggling jelly mold or a raw piece of pottery clay, which molds directly onto your naked body, by painting the exposed naked skin while wishing your pleasure object using your brain cells. I will not go into the scientific physics of bite-nats here.
“Does everyone understand the simple bite-nats process? Dip, paint, and then think! There are only three little steps. Okay! Go back to your individual chop block table and open each one of your canisters. There are numerous photographs of dresses, shoes, and accessories, such like, jewelry, hats, umbrellas, even tiaras, gloves, and flowers, if you wish. All are located inside the tiny drawer, within the chop block table. Your first task, as an Apprentice, is to create a unique ball gown for the Sniff the Sweet Honeysuckle Dance, tomorrow night, which is being held inside the Dance Hall, for your introduction début, as a new Apprentice, in front of Director Hico. We want each Apprentice to make a grand entrance, for this once-in-a-life achievement. Now, chop, chop! Every Apprentice go back to your personal chop block table and start creating.” She softly giggles with amusement. The other Apprentices quickly back step from Tulu then bump, slide and scoot into each other, eventually dashing back to their individual chop block, working on their individual dress creation.
Vovina spins around with a grin and faces the center stage, gracefully moving back to her individual chop block table while observing each Apprentice.
Behind her chop block table, Tulu continues to stand and frowns down at the green bite-nats glove, spinning around with a giggle to see the rear wall. She moves ahead and grabs one of the tiny hose pipes, jerking the pipe from the holder and then mentally performs the think object: paint. Her ugly painted arm and hand morphs back into the ugly green soft paint. She leans down then runs the water cleanly washing off the green bite-nats paint from her hand and arm.
In front of the room, Vovina swiftly darts away from her chop block table and moves back towards Tulu, saying with a sour frown. “Did I give you permission to use that instrument? No! I did not. You are to obey all the rules here, Apprentice Tulu. The rules are set for your protection. How?” She stops in front of Tulu and then looks down at the wet floor of water that is tinted green from the bite-nats paint, returning back to see Tulu. She gasps in alarm and asks with puzzlement. “How did you understand that water deactivates the bite-nats paint off your human skin tissue, Apprentice Tulu?”
“Well, Superintendent Vovina!” Tulu starts to say then exhales with worry standing upright and then fingers the row of rusty floor grids, without spilling her girly secret, which might lead to her being picked as the one Apprentice. “Well, I spotted the rust marks on the rusty paint cans and then on top of the floor at the iron grid, over there. So, I figured out that the water must be used to clean the paint cans with the hose pipes and stuff here. Normally paint has to be washed from your body when decorating your house walls for beauty. I like to paint. My room is colored…”
“You’re very astute, Tulu! I’ll be watching you, very closely! At this junction, you are leading all the other Apprentices, for the one position here in Apprenticeship Program.” Vovina nods with a smile and then spins around moving back to the chop block, sounding with an array of soft chuckle. The South Beacher is a unique teen which proves to Vovina that the South Beach Colonists are not a bag of dummies, like Kodare believes.
“Thank you!” Tulu spins around with a whisper and moves back to her chop block lifting up a stack of glossy photographs, that are really a pile of torn, ripped pages from a stack of ancient magazines of glamour fashion models, historical academic textbooks of old and dead princesses, and new pictures of mysterious masked females. The stack of torn glossy photographs were stored inside the single horizontal drawer attacked to the chop block. She ponders each colorful picture and then scratches her hairy skull using her set of nicely trimmed, non-polished finger nails, looking up to see the nearest Apprentice and remembers her name: Kiwi.
In front of her individual chop block table, petite and cute Kiwi looks down then carefully dots her semi-naked body with a variety of bite-nats colors, using a small horse-haired brush as she holds upright the paper photograph in her free hand.
Tulu smirks at a smart Kiwi then looks down studying each picture, exhaling with a deep sigh and holds back her gathered tears and as her broken heart, inside her rib cage, eternally misses her boyfriend McCamy and her loving big sister Taffy.
Her active mind painfully replays the events of yesterday.



Yesterday morning, inside the South Beach Colony, at McCamy Farm’s property, beside the fiery fusion setting, at 10:44 am, McCamy’s twin brother Rusk pulls a rider-less, white-colored mare beside his black-tinted stallion then halts the two beasts of burden. He drops down from the saddle landing on the top of the grass blades.

He reaches over and jerks out the old shotgun from the leather saddle bag spinning around with a worried brow, scanning the limestone cliff and searches for the enemy, without seeing the enemy. Rusk slowly advances ahead towards Tulu.

Tulu stands upright in the same spot tilting her chin down into her chest, wearing a bright red-tinted swollen face coming from her steady set of rolling sad hot tears. Each tear continues to roll down from her eye socket, over her warm cheekbones, hitting her parted lips as she slowly spits out each word from her painful tale, thumbing back over her collar bone to the fiery fissure pit.

Rusk nods in silent while listening to her story, squatting down and gently drops the shotgun on top of the grass blades. He swiftly stands upright from the grass and then spins around, dashing back to the stationary mare. He reaches out and pulls off a set of rappelling gear from the other saddle bag, spinning around to face cliff, moving ahead towards the fiery fissure pit.

Tulu looks up with a gasp of worry viewing the climbing gear, shaking her black curls, feeling worry, and then races ahead, colliding into the tall, strong teen Rusk. She pulls on his naked arm, without successful, yelling and screaming with more terror of him falling down into the fiery fissure pit of hell, also, along with her wounded sister Taffy and her wounded boyfriend McCamy.

Rusk ignores the verbal pleads from Tulu and continues to shuffle ahead, then stops at the edge of the lip staring down into the superheated fiery fissure pit while looking for a dead body of either McCamy or Taffy. He wipes the sweat from his wet forehead, blinking both of his eyelids shut from the intense heated fumes and then squats down on top of the solid rock surface, crawling backwards, assembling the gear on top of the dirt particles.

Tulu dashes ahead, squats down and kneels next to Rusk while screaming, sobbing, and crying out all of her fearful worries. She pleads for Rusk to leave the cliff rock surface and go and get help, get her parents, get his father, or get someone to help both Taffy and McCamy, who lie injured down inside the fiery fissure pit.

On top of the soft dirt particles, Rusk continues to shake his head of ratty, shoulder-length, blonde curls, which always matches his twin brother’s while finishing the assembly of the metal parts. He stands upright from the dirt and dons the climbing gear over his tall body frame. He struts ahead towards the deadly fiery fissure pit and then stops anchoring a steel hook around an extremely large, pointy stationary rock boulder and then jerks the rope steady for his body security. He does not want to tumble down and then die inside the fiery fissure pit either.

He slowly back steps towards the open lip on the pit first and then stops standing on top of the lip feeling the heated fumes raising up from the fissure’s belly of fireballs. He slowly climbs down backwards and then carefully stands on top of an internal protruded rock ledge leading down into a deeply heated and fiery pit. Then he cautiously rappels down to the next protruded rock ledge while hunting for his twin brother and his girlfriend Taffy.

Rusk disappears, from Tulu’s eyeballs, for a few minutes.

Tulu stands on top of the rock surface and away from the fissure lip while pacing side to side, wringing both of her hands, sobbing with tears of fear and worry for her sister and her boyfriend.

A sweaty sad face on Rusk swiftly appears and as his upper body is parked at the lip on the fissure pit. He slowly shakes his shoulder length blonde hair at Tulu while wiping the heavy sweat from both of his eyebrows. He slowly climbs up the rock lip and then crawls ahead on all fours (palms and toes), carefully moving away from the lip on the heated and fiery fissure and then halts. He drops down and rests flat on his chest on top of the cool limestone rocks while breathing a set of heavy breathes, after briefly inhaling all the thick wet moisture molecules within the pit walls.

Tulu rushes ahead with a worried brow towards Rusk sliding down over the rock surface, before hitting his sweaty face with her two kneecaps.

Rusk slowly stands upright on both of his kneecaps and then looks behind his collar bone wearing a sad face and stares at open pit flush on top of the smooth rock surface, where the wooden man-made railing had been moved and the lip on the deadly fissure had been exposed. He shakes his blonde curls and starts to cry with his own wet sad tears and then curses out loud feeling both his sorrow and sadness, losing his twin brother to the fireballs within the fissure’s belly. He slowly views the crying face and two red tinted eyeballs on Tulu.

Tulu slowly stands upright from the rock surface still producing her heated tears and then assists Rusk to stand upright also. They lovingly cuddle in their sadness then slowly pad ahead back to the two horses and then stop exhaling with more heated tears of sorrow and emotions of sadness with the two deaths of McCamy and Taffy.

Rusk leans down and lifts the petite body on Tulu sitting her on top of McCamy’s horse. He mounts his own stallion. Then they both slowly walk the horses back home Thelee Farms, that afternoon, announcing the terrible bad news.



Back into the present day, time, and place, at 05:18 p.m., Tulu’s active mind mentally returns back into the Art Gallery setting and as her body feels the cold temperatures bombard her semi-naked teenage body, within the pretty bathrobe, standing in front of her chop block. She wipes the fresh tears from each eye socket down onto her robe exhaling with deep breathes of sadness while the stark understanding within her active mind and her broken heart. She will be replaying that storyline over and over again inside her active mind, until the day she dies while mourning her dear loving sister Taffy, her darling loving beau McCamy, and her daring grieving angry childhood friend Rusk.
She feels the moisture dry on her palms triggering her memory of the damp air molecules at the location of the cliff’s fiery fissure pit as and her mental mind starts to replay the morning Memorial Ceremony, when a sharp timber breaks her daydream.
“You are absolutely stunning!” In front of the classroom behind the single chop block, Vovina claps and wears a smile saying to the teen, “You are absolutely stunning, Apprentice Una!”
Tulu looks up to see Apprentice Una, who stands on the other side of the room setting.
Vovina waves both of her arms in the air, for drama, and states with a smile, dropping both of her arms down and slaps her legs. “You are definitely leading the rest of the females, Apprentice Una. Let’s parade you front and center stage for all eyeballs to see and all neurons to study. Apprentices, may I have your attention on top of the stage, please!” She motions to Una with several nod heads. “Come up here, Una! Move away from your chop block! Come up here and model your new bite-nats design on top of the stage platform!”
Una smiles and carefully pads away from her chip block, over the dirty floor, climbs the short elevated stage platform and poses in front of the other teens. She continues to hold the think object: gown.
The floor-length, blue-tinted, plantation dress is decorated with tiny rows of ruffles at her fit waist bellowing down into a full circular skirt. Una lifts up the edge of her gown and shows off a pair of matching leather sandals with two straps across her clean toenails and a single strap covering her ankle bone, and a four-inched, spiked heel adding taller height to her petite body frame of five feet and two inches into five feet and six inches. Her upper torso flaunts a tight bodice of blue hue trimmed in the center with a row of matching baby bows at her neckline and on each sleeve traveling down to her wrist bone. The two sleeves are made of sheer netting while showing off her coffee tinted skin tone and a pair of small girly biceps for a fit sixteen-year-old girly body frame.
Her bob of dirty blonde hair strands exhibits a pair of earlobes presenting a pair of dangling delicate sapphire gems and a matching sapphire tiara on top of her flat hair roots. Her heart-shaped face possesses blue eye shadow, red tinted bright lipstick, and a pair of rose-tinted cheekbones coming from the other colorful bite-nats paint. Una slowly twirls around and extends both of her arms even with the floor surface while giggling with happiness with her gown creation.
Vovina nods with a smile and says to Una. “This is a wondrous creation, Una! Please, note the details of her jewel earrings and the ruffled tiny bows on her dress. Let’s exhibit another lesson! Una, I’d like for you to un-creation your painted bite-nats gown.” Una stops her twirl and then faces Vovina presenting a worried brow. Vovina laughs with an evil tone then comments. “I am illustrating a visual point here about the bite-nats paint. To hold the visual image inside both your bone skull and your mental mind, you must remain very patient and very calm, at all times. Una, please, think object: paint.”
Una exhales with annoyance and then closes her two eyelashes, mentally performing the think object: paint. She reveals a semi-naked body wearing a tight bra over her two breasts and a pair of tiny girly panties over her private girly parts, where the solid color of blue tinted bite-nats paint sparkles coming from her jaw line down to her two ankle bones, around both of her wrist bones, and over her entire white-tinted body garments, such like, she has bathed in blue ink.
Vovina points at the painted neckline on Ula and explains to the other teens. “Do you see this exquisite detail, girls! Una has painted her naked throat creating a collar down to her two wrist bones for a pair of long sleeves and then she has encircled her naked feet with a set of thinner straps for a pair of cute fashionable leather sandals. Please note here! She ends the dress length at the top of her two ankle bones for the proper dance length. If your naked feet are coated with bite-nats paint and you think object: gown, then your created gown will become too long. Then you will trip on your bite-nats painted high heels.” She giggles with a silly grin then comments. “The opposite concept applies here too. If you desire a beautiful long dress train, add an extra thickness onto your naked calves, then the formulation will create a long, long, pretty, pretty princess dress train.” The other Apprentices quickly learn and nod a head several time in silent acknowledgment.
She points down at the two painted legs on Una and explains to the teens. “Do you see the other details here? The rest of Una is blue paint all over her lovely coffee-tinted, human skin tissue formulating and creating her bite-nats dancing ball gown. This is the proper alignment and amount of paint mixture. Do you see how easy this is? And how much fun this is? Now, Apprentice Una, think object: gown.”
In a bright blue flash, within an eyelash blink, Una becomes a blue-gowned princess for a second time. She carefully climbs off the stage platform and then pads back to her chop block wearing a bright smile of delight, stopping behind her table. She refreshes the blue wet paint drops over her body frame while softly giggling at the funny sensation.
Tulu rubs both of her wet hands down onto her soft bathrobe and then again triggers the feeling of the damp air at the flush fissure pit site coming from this morning’s Memorial Ceremony for both a dead Taffy and a dead McCamy.
Her active mind falls back into another daydream.



Seven hours ago, at 08:15 a.m., within the South Beach Colony, at cliff location, among the hot temperatures with bright sunshine rays and light winds, a group of people stand beside the fiery fissure lip while the blistering sunlight burns down on top of the green tinted grass, the dull gray hard rocks, and each pair of semi-closed eyelids. Thelee, Tourann, Tulu, Rusk, and Rusk’s father Ebro surround the flat lip on the fissure.

Each one drops an individual homemade reef of colorful wildflower in eternity love down into the eternal fireball while mumbling a set of whispered holy prayers for the newest pair of heavenly angels, McCamy and Taffy.

At 08:29 a.m., at the Thelee’s farmhouse location, inside the living room setting, the funeral party of sad faces travel back for the shared breakfast meal and their shared stories relating all the fun good times with a deceased Taffy and a dead McCamy, like a surviving family unit does, after losing a loved one or two.

Throngs of school friends, farm neighbors, and other South Beach farmers invade Thelee’s household bringing good food, nice words, and physical touches from two both strong arms and a pair of calloused hands regarding the newly deceased teen pair, Taffy and McCamy.

Director Hico, also, stops and then visits Thelee Farms and offers 16 years old Tulu a mode of free transportation to invade and stay at Metro City Birmingham while participating in the annual Apprenticeship Program.

Tulu accepts willingly and leave her mom, her dad, and her  farmland for a few days while wearing her sad face, feeling her heavy heart in both sorrow and unhappiness for her dead beau McCamy and her dead sister Taffy.



Back into the present day, time and place, within Metro City Birmingham, inside the Art Galley setting with cold temperatures with long streaks of dull sunlight rays and cold light winds, standing in front of her chop block table, at 05:31 p.m., Tulu continues to daydream drowning in her sorrow and sadness.
Taffy and McCamy are not present living here on Planet Earth anymore as Tulu’s active brain cells continue to echo the sad thoughts, within her sad life. Tulu wishes that she had died in the fierce fight over a hollow fissure pit along with her sister and her boyfriend.
She wipes the running snot from her two nostrils planning to cry all night over the dead, until Sun Block the next morning, at 05:01 a.m.
“Help!” The girly timber urgently calls out loud within the quiet room.
Tulu looks up with a smile to see Apprentice Pemona and as Tulu’s vivid imagination sees a red-tinted she-ghost.
Pemona is totally wrapped from her brown tinted hair roots down to her pink painted toenails in a suffocating tight slip gown in red hue, without any exposed body parts, which includes her skin, eyeballs, lips, finger nails, and toe bones.
Vovina gasps in panic and then hollers in fury. “Think object: paint, Pemona!”
Pemona hears the command then mentally within her mind performs the think object: paint. Then she returns back into a human girl, who is covered red tinted bite-nats paint that extends from her hair roots, nose bridge, jaw line, collar bone, covering both of her kneecaps, going down into a complete circle encompassing both of her naked feet and then the paint stretches six inches on top of the tile floor and over her padded chair seat as she stand in front of her chop block table.
Vovina frowns first then comments. “Apprentice Pemona, you are too ambitious here! Girls, this is a very good example of what not to do. Pemona has drowned her entire body frame from her head to her toenails, including all the breathing parts of her mouth and nose with the red tinted bite-nats paint. And the monster still lives, ya’ll!” She laughs with some of the teens then reprimands. “No! No! No-no! You can’t die from this feat, but you can’t dance, either. Go and wash up at rear wall hose pipe, Pemona! Then try it again, but no dunking tank. This isn’t a swimming pool. This is an elegant dance for each new Apprentice participating in the annual Apprenticeship Program. Go on now! Shoo! Scat, cat!” She giggles at the silly teen. Pemona slowly spins around and wears a stern face, shuffling ahead towards the rear wall, and then stops, cleaning the paint of red hue off her semi-naked body.
Vovina moves away from her chop block and slowly strolls around the enclosed room assisting with her personal instructions and advice to each struggling teen.
Behind her chop block, Tulu sits down and then rubs her face with both of her wet hands, slapping each palm down on top of the dry surface, exhaling with a set of deep sighs. She quickly locks away her “old” life and then concentrates on her “new” life while wanting to become the one Apprentice to win the Apprenticeship Program for her mom and dad. She craves a new city adventure, wants new things, that she can’t have on the farm, and then wills her mental mind to change for a better situation.
She looks down at the glittering neon green-tinted bite-nats paint then shakes her black curls pondering her new bite-nats gala dress, getting a new awesome mental idea. Tulu gently scoots the chair from her legs, stripping off her robe, and tosses the garment down on top of the seat on her chair. She pins back her black long hair into a messy bun around both of her ear points. She reaches down and then flips each lid off every paint canister, turning with a smile to see each Apprentice.
Each girl continues to decorate their body frame with an array of colorful glittering bite-nats paint.
Tulu returns back to see the chop block and finds a horse-hair brush inside the same drawer, reaching out, touching the paint can. She slaps white-tinted bite-nats paint starting at her bra going down to her two ankle bones. Then she darts an array of tiny black-colored bite-nats dots around her upper bodice and her legs for a long bite-nats skirt, drawing a black thin ribbon around the top of her bra and then her small waistline. She leans down and plants a set of circles within black-tinted bite-nats paint around her naked feet. She stands upright and tosses the wet paint brush down on top of the dry surface presenting a smile and then closes her two eyelashes, activating her mind.
Think object: ball gown, elbow gloves, black slippers.
Tulu appears in a plantation gown of stark white spotted with splatters of tiny black dots over her upper bodice and her long skirt. A black ribbon rests on top of her dress with a tiny white bow above her left breast and a thicker black tinted ribbon around her waist with a big bow in the front. A white fluffy skirt descends down to the floor over a pair of flat slippers on her two dancing feet. She wears a pair of elbow white gloves covers her finger pads, hands, and lower arms. Tulu used to dance with McCamy, at the local church picnics and social events, only McCamy or her father. She exhales with painful memories again turning her smile into a sad face.
In front of the room, Vovina returns back and stands beside her chop block table, clapping with a smile, saying to the teens. “How is your gown creation coming, Apprentices? We have one other task, before our late night bedtime routine. Well, we have two other tasks, which is the suppertime meal. Who’s finished? Who’s helpless? Who’s beautiful? Who’s ugly? Let’s see a face and a gown from all our new dancers!” She starts to stroll around the room complimenting the first Apprentice. “That’s a very sexy look, on your tall body frame, Apprentice Brazoria!”
Brazoria exhibits a stunning golden tinted tight fitting gown with a single shoulder strap, holding up her pair of ample breasts as the fabric flows down to her tiny waist and over her set of curvy hips while fluttering around a pair of golden five-inched spiked heeled fashion sandals growing her height from five feet and eleven inches into six feet and four inches in bronze beauty. Her naturally ivory-tinted human skin is covered in bronze colored bite-nats paint. She possesses a pair of brown pupils covered in lavender bite-nats paint on her two eyelids, a pair of dark red cheekbones, and a bright orange painted lips, and a head of long brown tinted bite-nats paint over her short hair strands. She wears a set of clanky golden bracelets on her two wrist bones, a golden neck choker around her esophagus, and a pair of long straight golden earring straining both of her dangling fleshy human earlobes.
Apprentice Kiwi stands at five feet and four inches, wearing a yellow tinted floor-length dress with the colors of blue, red, green, orange, pink, purple, silver, and gold geometric shapes that are presented in four blocks: one block of squares, a second block of circles, a third block of wavy horizontal lines, and a fourth block of tear drops. The colored blocks encompass the length of the gown from the straight neckline down to the fluttering squared hemline, showing off a pair of rose tinted sandals. She dangles from each wrist bone a set of blocked-shaped bracelets that match her gown pattern. She doesn’t wear a touch of bite-nats makeup on her peachy-beige tinted face or a tiara on top of her shoulder length dirty blonde curls.
Petite and plain-looking, Apprentice Etta measures five feet and three inches with a head of long straight auburn tinted hair, a pair of grey blue eyes, and a tone of yellow tinted skin tissue, wearing a hot pink mid-drift top that exposes her neck, arms and rib cage with a matching long skirt down to the floor. Both of her elbows are covered in a pair of black gloves with a set of pink bracelets over the glove fabric. She wears a pair of long pink pearl earrings on each earlobe and a pink pointy tiara on top of her head, and a pair of black tinted shoes on each foot.
Red-headed, pink-skinned, violet-eyed, Apprentice Jellico wears her straight and long red tinted hair on top of her two collar bones, compliments her off-the-shoulder mint green colored gown matching her pair of light green sandals, a set of white colored elbow gloves, posing at five feet and three inches in queen-sized beauty.
Black-headed, black-skinned, black-eyed, Apprentice Ocee presents a beige-pinky plantation gown, covering her heavy waist, hips and thighs, and a pair of pink sandals on her five feet and seven inches on her overweight body frame. She does not wear a set of gloves, but a string of white pearls around her naked pale tinted throat and both of her naked wrist bones.
Brown-headed, honey-skinned, hazel-eyed, Apprentice Pemona has re-fashioned the red tinted bite-nats paint into a blood red colored tight sheath dress covering her neckline down to both of her wrist bones. The dress hem puddles the floor exhibiting her tall five feet and nine inches measurements on a skinny model body frame with a set of small breasts and a pair of slender hips. A glowing red tinted half-moon-shaped tiara stands on top of her long straight brown colored hair. She possesses a pair of hazel colored eyes on a heart-shaped face with a set of blood red colored lips, a pair of rosy cheekbones, and a golden tinted eye shadow over each eyebrow. All colors are comprised of bite-nats paint.
Apprentice Atoka rocks in an orange tinted sleeveless flared-leg jumpsuit with a column of gold buttons down the front of her body and a gold belt around her waist, a gold head band around her ears plus a fake red fur wrap around her bare shoulders. She presents an average height and weight body frame, of five feet and six inches, possessing a tone of peach tinted skin, a head of cropped strawberry blonde hair strands, and a pair of brown eyes.
Superintendent Vovina moves back to the front of the room and stands in front of the girls, clapping with a smile for her attention, saying to the teens, “Yes, missy! Each one of you is very stunning, very beautiful, and a very good recipient of Apprenticeship Program. I promised a plate of hot nutritious food. It’s the suppertime hour. Please march out door, turn towards the entrance door, and then go down the hallway to the eating room, where your dinner meal awaits. Don’t worry about spoiling your gowns! Think object: paint turns the gown back into the vivid colors of paint. But you must bring your fuzzy warm bathrobe. After eating, then think object: gown. You will return back into your beauty form.” She giggles with a nod. “Are there any questions for me? Yes, I know. There are too many questions, with no answers right now. Just enjoy the moment, girls! Take it from old and ancient me! The moment passes too quickly while you are young, like you. Get up from the chair or move away from the chop block! Start marching down the hallway, my little sugar plums! One. Two. Three. March along. One. Two. Three.”
Behind her chop block table, tall, sexy Brazoria leans over and sneers into the cheekbone on Pemona saying with a nasty tone. “You look like ‘Dopey, the Tall’ coming from one of the Snow White novelettes, with that silly red tinted tiara on top of your head.”
Tall, bronze, and slender Pemona turns with a smile and then snarls back at Brazoria wearing a pretty smile. “And you are a beauty tramp, with that bold cleavage hanging down to each kneecap, to boot. This is a not a beauty but brilliant competition, girlfriend, which I plan to win it all here at Apprenticeship Program.”
Brazoria gasps on shock then stands upright reaching down and hugs each one of her breasts saying with a sneer back Pemona. “These two are the real gems, which is called cleavage. And cleavage wins every single beauty and brilliant competition, my non-girlfriend. So, I wish no good luck to you, doll!” She performs the think object: paint. Her gown turns back into brown tinted bite-nats paint covering her semi-naked body. She grabs the bathrobe and exits the room, following behind Vovina.
The other Apprentices exit the Art Gallery then turn into a quiet ugly lavender colored hallway, pairing up with new friend while talking about their new gown and the paint cans of bite-nats and follow behind the back spine on Brazoria towards the dining room.
Inside the Art Gallery, behind her chop block table, a petite, cute Apprentice Kiwi leans over with a smile into the cheekbone on Apprentice Jellico saying with a sweet voice. “I’m Kiwi. It’s very nice to meet you. But I admit that I’m terrorized that I’ll lose my mental image of my new creation. But I like playing with the new bite-nats paint and designing my girly clothes and accessories. I wonder where the paints came from. Who formulated the paints? Superintendent Vovina doesn’t seem to know or wanna tattle tale. I’m excited about dancing and meeting Director Hico. I’ve heard his name all my life, but never have meet him. Please help me, if I present my naked body in front of Director Hico,” she giggles along with Jellico. Then she closes her two eyelashes and performs the think object: paint. Her dress disappears and as her body reveals smears of short and long strokes of yellow tinted paint. She leans over and grabs the bathrobe, covering her semi-naked body with a smile.
Jellico back steps from her chop block and still wears her colorful gown presenting a smile, grabbing her bathrobe. She states, “You ask a lot of questions, Kiwi. I’m Jellico. I’m thrilled to be here in Metro City Birmingham also. I thrilled to be involved in the Apprenticeship Program. Don’t worry, honey! You’re covered in yellow bite-nats paint along with doses of the rainbow colors. You look like a yummy cupcake with colored sprinkles. I confess that I’m just as nervous about performing in a dance contest. I can two-step back home but participating in a formal dance steps, inside a formal gown, ain’t my cup of tea, if you know what I mean,” she spins away from her chop block and shuffles ahead towards the open archway, with her new friend Kiwi. She performs a think object: paint. Her gown disappears and is replaced with large splatters of colored paint over her two undergarments. She places the bathrobe around her body frame giggling from the cold air molecules.
Still standing inside the Art Gallery, behind her chop block table, Una leans over with a smile into the nose profile on Ocee saying with an alto timber. “Apprenticeship means to apprentice or to learn a new trade or a new skill. I have learned one task, so far. I can manipulate bite-nats paint, strange little things. I read about the mysterious paint through some selected informal interviews with the military officers and I understand this product is illegal for a person to own, much less, to use for entertainment purposes. And I, also, question the dances, the dancing steps, and the ball gowns within our annual Apprenticeship Program. I expected to receive volumes of manual and ugly books to comprehend and tablets of old papers for studying. I find this experience, so far, just plain weird.” She backsteps from her chop block and then spins around to face the open archway, moving ahead with Ocee. They both exit the room and then slowly stroll down the hallway.
Ocee nods with a smile then says. “I agree, my new friend Una.”
Una nods with a smile then states. “I believe you and I share the same idea. I propose that we venture directly into Director Hico’s private business office, somewhere here, and inquire about our annual Apprenticeship Program and then offer a fair and just exchange with all…”
Atoka follows behind the back spine on both Ocee and Una padding beside her new friend Etta.
“I’m going to win!” Atoka shouts out loud and dances sideways tossing both of her arms in the air, wearing her new bite-nats creation.
Etta laughs out loud and pads beside Atoka saying with a high-pitched soprano voice. “You are both arrogant and ugly. Do any of your brain cells match your ugly jumpsuit? Vovina told you to create a dancing ball gown. Which three words are not defined inside your damaged brain matter, darling? You’re sitting last among the Apprentices, thus far. I predict that you will be the first elimination teen by end of the week,” she gasps with alarm. “I wonder how one gets eliminated from the Apprenticeship Program. I had not received an information sheet about the Apprenticeship Program, just the place and the time for Presentation Ceremony that occurred here, at three o’clock, this cold afternoon. I thought the Presentation Ceremony came and ended very quickly. I thought the Presentation Ceremony would be showered with numerous musical marching bands, big colorful balloons, and tables of fresh food and drinks. My parents and all my family members came all the way from Chattanooga, staying at the Metro Hall, compliments of Director Hico, of course. He likes me already. He told me that I’ll be the perfect Apprentice. They all will leave tomorrow morning, after the first dance competition tonight.”
Atoka dashes ahead with a sour frown and leaves Etta heading towards the eating room, shouting with a loud voice. “You talk, too much, Etta. I’m going to win, it all! Watch and see, only me! I’m a poetic and don’t know it, ya’ll!” She giggles with delight.
Still inside the Art Gallery setting, Tulu slowly stands upright from the chair and closes her two eyelashes, performing the think object: paint. Her black and white gown disappears as her body becomes covered in wet black and white paint. She slides away from her padded chair and then spins around, wearing a smile, slowly moving ahead and exits the room. So far, her new adventure has been fun. She has not thought of her dead beau McCamy for a couple of hours.
She continues to move down the hallway while hearing each loud conversation of all seventeen females that share the same narrow hallway and then turn to face the entrance door of the dining room for the meal. She swiftly turns into the archway and enters the dining room, moving ahead towards the last seat, at the long dining room table, with the rest of the sixteen-year-old Apprentices, who are assigned to Vovina. There is not another visitor or Metro City instructor present for the supper meal either.
The dining room is an ugly rectangular-shaped room with four enclosed walls of peeling mint green paint and a row of harsh and brightly lit artificial lamps on top of the ceiling broken plaster tiles. Each viewing window holds a set of crisscrossed ancient wooden boards covered in hard, vanilla-colored cement paint smears looking more grayish-yellow than vanilla tone. Each cement window blocks the dull sunshine and the other cold weather elements inside the room. The dining room does not exhibit a cheery atmosphere or a piece of happy art work, only loneliness and ugliness.
The long dining table displays a long, hard, metal surface in the dark green hue, an array of silver-tinted, cold-feeling, metal folding chairs underneath the table edge for twenty Apprentices. On top of the table, a single stoneware plate of steaming hot food items stares up into the ceiling presenting a single glass tumbler of cold water and a glass of cold milk on top of the rounded edge. A set of matched utensils is parked on each side with a matching dark green cloth napkin.
Tulu places the cloth napkin down over her bathrobe and consumes the hot food while hearing each voice coming from a nervous but excited teen, like her person.

At 05:30 p.m., on the same dining table, a petite and cute Kiwi swiftly stands upright from her metal folding chair and extends both of her arms in the air, gasping in panic. Her new bite-nats dress shivers in orange colors. “I…I can’t hold the think image within my mind thought. I’m going to become totally naked…”
A tall and slender Pemona continues to eat her food sitting at the table, wearing her bathrobe. She sits between Una and Etta looking up with a smile across the table at Kiwi, offering her advice. “Calm your neurons down, girlfriend! Relax your mind and your body, like Vovina said. Think of something else, but the scary thought of nudity,” she laughs with some of the other teens.
Etta slowly stands upright from her wobbling metal chair and performs the think object: gown. Her gown appears over her body. She smiles and brushes both of her palms beside her breasts down to his slender hips. “Kiwi, dear, think the mental thought words: princess, glamour, dancing with a handsome boy. Then you will feel like a princess of glamour while dancing…”
“Sit down, big mouth!” Atoka sneers at Etta and then smiles to Kiwi. “The trick is to touch the dress and feel the fabric as it triggers you to retain the mental pic of your special bite-nats creation between your two ear points, where your brain cells are supposed to reside. Tactile touch reinforces the think object: gown. Touch your gown, Kiwi! Give it a try!”
Kiwi continues to stand and reaches down touching her skirt with both of her palms, exhaling with relief. She feels the dress solidify back into perfect form, on her body frame, in silence.
Atoka smiles. “Do you feel better, Kiwi?” Kiwi nods with a smile and then sits down, in silence, enjoying her food meal.
Etta continues to stand in a sexy pose and wears a smile, trailing both of her palms down her body, for a second time. “Think of princess…”
“No!” A tall and sexy Brazoria swiftly stands upright from her wobbling chair and performs the think object: gown. Her golden gown appears over her body. She grins and runs both of her palms down her tight dress. “Think of hot goddess getting…”
“Don’t taint the child, Brazoria!” Pemona giggles with amusement. “I got a feeling, that you’ve been around the sinkhole, way too many times, to boot.” She chuckles with the other girls.
Brazoria jabs her black-tinted fingernail at Pemona, and mouth spits her nasty salvia balls down on the top of table, striking the prettier and smarter teenage girl. She shouts with a sneer, “I do not like you, Pemona or you, Una or you, Etta…”
Petite and pretty Una exhales with her worries that she will not be selected as the one Apprentice and then looks up to see all the other girls here at the table. She says, “Yeah! This is truly a throat-cutting, knife-twisting, drop bloody-dead girly competition for one Apprentice spot here in Metro City Birmingham. I’m up to the challenge, thou. But I don’t know, if I’ll win, it all, but I wanna get along in a civilized manner with each Apprentice…”
“Stow it, Una!” Brazoria turns and sneers at the other girl saying with a confused brow, “Una, that’s really weird name. Doesn’t the word mean, one, suck like, the one to get, the one spot here at Metro City Birmingham?”
Pemona smiles then says. “Watch out for the hot goddess, girls! She’s smart and probably cunning, to boot.” Brazoria turns and hisses down at the brown-tinted hair roots on Pemona.
Una grins then expresses. “My name, Una, translates into the word, one. You are correct, hot goddess! And tomorrow is the first day of our Apprentice competition. And I predict that I will be the one to get it first…”
“Get what first, Una? What are you getting first, before me and her and her and her and us?” Etta asks and sits down and presents a confused brow, picking up her fork, starting at Una.
“She’s referencing the first leg, in the competition, of course, which begins tomorrow morning, with Superintendent Vovina. I have no knowledge of tomorrow’s events, but I suspect that Una, the one, has some hidden information, that she is not willing to share with her other smarter and prettier competitors. Hmm! Is that correct, Una?” Atoka stares and sneers at Una.
Una grins with a smirk. “I’m so sorry to report, that I can’t share any additional data, since my only knowledge comes from a thinly handwritten paper letter. The handwritten paper letter displayed the date and time of the Presentation Ceremony and a set of travel plans to this old badly damaged building for the annual Apprenticeship Program. But I can share that my parents are required to leave Birmingham Metro City grounds tomorrow at nine o’clock, in the morning for their Colony,” she pauses and frowns, for drama. “However, I have acquired interesting tidbits of scientific data about the bite-nats paint. I’m very willing to share or exchange…”
“Exit now, girls!” The voice from Vovina shouts out loud and as she enters the ugly dining room and then stands inside the open archway, hand clapping, watching each girl. She says with a smile, “Apprentices, it’s time for your potty break, brush your teeth, and comb your hair. I would suggest that you mentally activate your neurons with the think object: paint. Do your personal business, inside your vanity room! Then you perform the mental think object: gown. So, you can look pretty again. Etta, Pemona, Kiwi, and Brazoria wash off all the bite-nats makeup from your teenly face. I have a set of prettier tips for each one of you. Now, all of you, please, come on and return back into the Art Gallery. We have one more task, before our nightly bedtime routine.” She carefully backsteps from the open archway dragging a three-foot dress train, on her new dark green-tinted, sequined, ball gown with a matching set of gems around her naked neck and on both of her naked earlobes, slowly moving back down the hallway towards the Art Gallery room.
Inside the dining room setting, Pemona scoots back her table chair then stands upright wearing a smile, ripping off the bathroom and tosses the garment down in her seat. She performs the think object: gown. Her red-tinted sheath dress appears over her tallness presenting a tiara with ruby gemstones and her face with colorful makeup. She leans over and grabs the bathrobe whispering down into the hair roots on Etta. “She’s smart!” Pemona stands upright with a giggle then spins around facing the open archway slowly exiting the room and moves down the hallway.
Etta stands upright from the table then slides away from her chair, ripping off her bathrobe and tosses the garment down into her metal chair. She closes her two eyelashes performing the think object: gown. Her hot pink tinted, two-piece gown appears over her body. She reaches down and grabs the bathrobe spinning around with a giggle and then swiftly moves ahead. She catches up and strolls beside Pemona staring at the pretty dress train on Vovina, saying with a whisper into the upper arm on Pemona, as Etta is shorter than a taller Pemona. “Vovina is both beautiful and smart.”
Pemona carries her bathrobe and shakes her fake ruby tiara on top of her hair roots, saying with a soft whisper and a sour frown into the hair roots on Etta. “No! Una is smarter. We all gotta watch our fannies, with those two girls, Una and Tulu.”
“Tulu seems so shy. She doesn’t talk much and definitely doesn’t bellow, like a smart-hole Una.” Etta frowns and watches the back spine on Tulu.
Pemona says. “Tulu might be smarter than a smart Una. Did you see how fast Tulu got the paint of bite-nats to transform on her body skin? It took me thirty minutes or more to form this blood red-tinted dress creation and then another fifteen minutes to get it right all over my entire body. Tulu got her bite-nats dress right on the first mental thought. I watched her with deep interest.” Etta gasps in shock and continues to move down the hallway, nodding in silence, studying the back spine on Tulu.
The other Apprentices slowly exit the dining room transforming into their individual bite-nats creation, also, moving down the hallway, in pairs, talking about their new adventure, presenting a set of giggles and smiles. They all follow behind both Pemona and Etta.
Pemona rolls her eyeballs and then stares at the dress hem on Vovina, “Don’t act like a newborn babe, Etta! You’ve been around that same sinkhole, with a tall and ugly Brazoria, because I was there leading both of ya’ll, girlfriends. We can work together here, Etta. We can work together and then get everyone else eliminated from the show, but me and you. Then, me and you will go and confront Hico demanding that he picks two Apprentices, instead of one. How’s that sound?” She stops and turns to face her private room.
Etta stops and turns to face her private room, which is beside Pemona’s, saying with a nod and a grin to the metal door. “That sounds, like a fine piece of work, to me, my new girlfriend,” she twists the knob opening the door, entering the room and laughs with her upcoming victory.

At 06:01 p.m., each Apprentice returns back into the Art Gallery sitting back down at their assigned chop block seat. Each chop block table has been cleaned and shows additional dull and warp wood spots, after all the spilled contents of bite-nats paint were washed off the hard surface. Each canister has been cleaned and then re-opened glittering in an array of rainbow colored bite-nats paint. A vanity mirror has been placed on top of each wooden chop block table for a facial reflection and a new purpose of something new, coming from Superintendent Vovina.
Tulu enters the room last then slides down into her chair staring with a smile at Vovina.
Vovina lounges in her chair behind the chop block table staring into the vanity mirror, holding a tiny horse-hair brush in the air near her smile. She explains, “Apprentices, I have more fun things planned this evening. Now, watch me closely. I will instruct step by step. First, pull all of your hair strands away from your clean face using the provided cloth headband. Second, wrap the provided cloth cape around your dress and then fasten it at the collar. This will protect your bite-nats creation. But tonight, is a test run, so don’t worry about spoiling your ball gown, at the moment. Now, locate one of the clean tiny brushes inside your drawer tray.” She waits and watches for each Apprentice to perform her commands. “I can see that everyone is ready. Now, dip the tiny horse-hair brush down into the red-tinted bite-nats paint can. Watch me!” She outlines the edge of her pale skin with a thin ribbon of red hue, sailing it around her brow, around her right ear, then down her jaw line, and back up to other ear while connecting the red ribbon. The Apprentices sound with a set of giggles at Vovina.
She does not smile but states with a stern face. “Yes, I do look funny, quite clownish. You get to join me also. Proceed!” Vovina watches each girl draw a red circle on their face. “Very good, Apprentices! Does anyone have a clue to our new kind of fun at the moment?”
Tulu admires the red ribbon outline on her own face in the reflection mirror and then looks down searching the drawer and studies each photograph.
Brazoria laughs at her facial reflection in the desk mirror shouting out her answer. “It’s a new red colored night crème, for all the old ladies living and then dying here at Metro City Birmingham, like you, Vovina.”
Una smiles then states, “It’s fright night at the movie house here at Metro City.”
Etta frowns then asks. “Are you trying to imitate my grandma, Superintendent Vovina?”
Tulu looks up with a smile to see Vovina then states. “This thing is going to become a mysterious face mask for the dance competition, tomorrow night or tonight or one of the other nights here within the Apprenticeship Program.”
Vovina gasps at Tulu and then exhales with annoyance nodding with a stern face. “You are very correct, Apprentice Tulu. That’s twice, the nice, for you, tonight, Tulu. You’re making a smashing impact among the rest of the Apprentices and leading the competition for the one spot.” The other teen girls turn to see Tulu and then start to softly grumble using a set of incoherent words, at the leading Apprentice.
She smiles, “We are indeed face painting with the bite-nats paint to create an individual face mask. The dance ball is a masquerade dance. Everyone wears a face mask to cover your face. So, paint your face using the color white between the red ribbon that surrounds your cheekbone, like you are applying a set of makeup foundation. You must fill in the forehead, both cheekbones, the nose bridge, the jaw line, and then add some color to each earlobe also,” she decorates her face first and then watches each girl.
She says. “Now, choose any color that you wish to smear around each eyelid, both cheekbones, and your lips. I like using the color orange on my lips, with a reddish-brown tint on my cheeks, and finally I draw my two eye sockets with a set of black thin lines that is surrounded by green, gold, and brown hues. There! I’m all done! If you would like, then you can add color to your earlobes for two pieces of studded jewelry. But that’s the only gems on your skull, tonight. No tiaras! You can work on those creations for tomorrow’s dance ball. Is everyone finished?” She waits and watches each Apprentice obey her command.
She smiles. “Now, look inside your drawer for a new glossy photo of an ancient Chinese Geisha Girl. Has everyone found the photo?” The teen nods in silence. She grins. “Close your two eyelashes. Think object: Geisha.” Each Apprentice closes a pair of eyelashes and then performs think object: Geisha. Vovina continues to scan each face. This task is a very simple concept for a new group of Apprentices.
Brazoria opens her two eyelashes and then stares at her white tinted face in the mirror presenting a sour frown on her red-colored lips, turning to view each other Apprentice. She returns back to see Vovina and then tosses both of her arms in the air, shouting with a sour tone. “Vovina, we all look the same. There’s no room for vivid individuality or flashy exhibition of our unique skills, in front of Hico. I don’t like this mask. I have good ideas for better presentation of my uniqueness, like an elaborate Native American Indian’s feathered colorful headdress or Ancient Egyptian Pharaoh’s gold and silver dais…”
“…or a great big cowboy’s hat that covers your bit ugly mug, Brazoria, to boot!” Pemona laughs with the other Apprentices.
Vovina scoots off the chair and then stands upright on top of the floor nodding with a fake smile to Brazoria. “You are very welcome to experiment with such objects, like a headdress, a tiara, and a hat, tomorrow evening, but not tonight, Apprentice Brazoria. At the moment, we’re running late for our grand entrance into the Dance Hall, where each one of your family members impatiently awaits your presentation. Everyone, toss your hair, fluff your dress, and warm up your pair of dancing shoes. Let’s march, my little sugar plums! One. Two. Three. Follow me! March ahead!” She slowly strolls ahead in her long, green-tinted, ball gown displaying a white-tinted Geisha face mask too down an aisle of stationary chop block tables, leading out from the room, down an empty hallway while swirling her hemline towards the new room.



Bull Pen location
Superintendent Kodare
North Ridge Mountain Colony
06:15 p.m.


The musical song Relax was released, on their debut album entitled Welcome to Pleasuredome, in the country of the United Kingdom, in the month of October in the year 1983, by the Great Britain musical band named Frankie Goes to Hollywood. The band members included Holly Johnson (vocals); Paul Rutherford (vocals, keyboards, tambourine); Brian Nash (vocals, guitars); Peter Gill (drums & percussion), and Mark O’Toole (vocals, bass guitar) living in Liverpool, Great Britain. The musical band played Synth-Pop sounds.

Mi-i-n-e
Give it to me one time now
Well, whoa, well

Relax, don’t do it
When you wanna go do it
Relax, don’t do it
When you wanna come
Relax, don’t do it
When you wanna suck, chew it
Relax, don’t do it

When you wanna come
When you wanna come

Relax, don’t do it
When you wanna go to it
Relax, don't do it
When you want to come
Relax, don’t do it
When you want to suck, chew it
Relax, don’t do it
When you want to come
Come
Whoa-oh-oh

But shoot it in the right direction
Make making it your intention
Live those dreams
Scheme those schemes
Got to hit me (hit me)
Hit me (hit me)
Hit me with those laser beams
Laser beam

Relax
Don’t do it
Relax
When you wanna come (come)

I’m coming
I’m coming (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)

Relax (don’t do it)
When you wanna go to it (what’s inside me?)
Relax, don’t do it
When you want to come
Relax, don’t do it
When you want to suck, chew it
Relax, don’t do it (love!)

When you wanna come
When you wanna come
When you wanna come
Come

Get it up
The scene of love
O feel it

Relax, don’t do it
When you wanna go do it
Relax, don’t do it
Relax, don’t do it
When you want to suck, chew it
Relax, don’t do it

One time, one time, one time (Hey!)
Come!


The reception room is painted in pale blue color that has faded over during the harsh winter cold years, into a dull pearl white hue, displaying a narrow and rectangular-shaped space, with a row of rusty red-tinted personal lockers on the entrance door. The rear wall exhibits a single closed door in white wood leading into a practice dance floor used only by Kodare. The two side walls possess dull pearl white paint and the entrance door is closed.
Kodare slowly scoots around each new male dancer saying with a soft chuckle. “Each one of you is greatly magnificent possessing the same height, almost the same weight, exhibiting a set of big strong biceps.” He reaches out with a smile then smacks the dancer’s naked bicep.
On the single row of bare naked male dancers, one naked dancer faces a row of rusty blue tinted metal lockers and then leans over with a soft whisper into the eardrum on the other naked male dancer. “If that dude touches me, one more time, I’m going to bite his head off. Do you hear me, Hixson?”
He whispers back wearing a stern face, “Stay cool, bro!” Hixson continues to stand in the nude, in the first row, holding both of his cupped hands over his private parts, facing the same row of rusty lockers, on the entrance wall, without viewing the other dancer, who is his childhood friend.
Kodare slowly dances around each naked butthole, on every male dancer, chuckling with a grin, “Excellent! You look beautiful, in a tone of bronzy tan. Bite-nats works wonders.” He stops then poses in front of the three rows of naked dancers, stilling grinning, stating with a sissy alto tenor, “Excellent! You all look beautiful, like me.” He slaps his chest with a nod.
The door opens.
Director Hico enters through open archway then stops with a gasp staring to move ahead, wearing a smile. He stops and stands beside Kodare staring at each bare naked male dancer, saying with a baritone voice. “I didn’t know that North Riders could bronze, Kodare.”
“They don’t!” Doboil enters through the same open archway and then stops beside Hico staring with a smirk at the row of bare naked male dances.
“They don’t! What does that mean?” Hico frowns. “But their individual resemblance is quite remarkable. Ah! Bite-nats paint artistry is displayed here at its finest. Do they sound, like you, also, Kodare?” He advances ahead towards the center dancer then stops standing in front of the bare naked dancer, asking with a stern face. “What home Colony, do you come from, young teen?”
The baritone timber on the naked dancer rumbles through his face mask, without a smile, “North Ridge Mountains, sir.”
Hico backsteps with a grin studying each dancer, stops, then stands beside Kodare again, saying with a nod, “Excellent work, Kodare! Our new television audience will be very impressed.”
Kodare nods with a grin to each dancer. “Thank you, Hico!”
Doboil counts out loud and points to each dancer stating with a stern face, “One, two, four, eight, nine…”
“What in the heck are you doing in here, and over there, Doboil?” Kodare turns and sneers at the nose profile on Doboil ordering to the lead male dancer. “Rider Hayden, leave and take all of my troops down into the Bull Pen! Get the boys measured for their dance outfits. And find out, who has never touched a female with his hands and then get him some personal instructions, before the live television début in a few hours.”
Naked Rider Hayden nods in silence to Kodare and then spins around to face the rear wall waving both of his arms in the air, moving ahead of the other dancers. “Follow me! Get moving! Go through the rear door into the practice dance studio! Come on!” He opens the door without halting entering the next room. Each naked dancer spins around with a low grunt and then exits the Bull Pen setting, wiggling a set of naked butt cheeks, moving ahead into the practice dance studio, for the next task.
Inside the Bull Pen, Doboil continues to stare down and marks information on the electronic pad with the pen saying with a smile. “Rider Hayden, he should add your name to that list, Kodare. Get you some personal instructions...”
“This is my doings, Kodare.” Hico nods at the closing rear door leading to the practice dance studio explaining the situation. “We seem to be overflowing with teens for the annual Apprenticeship Program. There are too many male dancers and not enough female dances. Kodare has 21 dancers plus Doboil has twenty…”
“What?” Kodare gasps at Doboil. “How did you receive twenty males that are exactly sixteen years old also?”
Doboil smiles down at the electronic pad. “Yes, I seem to possess exactly twenty male dancers, who are sixteen years old also. What a wonderful coincidence? And they don’t paint up like pretty like a row of suntanned and muscular Kodarians either.”
Hico frowns with puzzlement then states to his two employees. “The sum equals forty-one males. Forty-one males coupled with forty females, does not compute. Drop a dancer, Kodare! Your male Rider can sit with the audience and enjoy the show, like the real suckers.” He laughs with amusement.
Kodare growls first then states with a nasty timber, “I would strongly suggest, minus Doboil a boy. I possess a group of highly trained dancers complete with a glittering costume, to boot. Doboil’s puppies can’t find where to tinkle on the worn center stage platform much less the massive dance floor.”
“I can train them to tinkle on your stage chair. Does that count?” Doboil smirks.
“I’m keeping my boy!” Kodare says then sneers at Doboil.
“Is that for your person or for the one of the sixteen-year-old Apprentice females?” Doboil sniggers.
Hico exhales with annoyance and then orders with a firm tone, “Truce here! You’re playing an elementary game of Tag Team here. Drop a kid! Or I’ll drop all your naked male dancers, Kodare!”
Kodare sneers. “You can’t eliminate all my chances from the contest, Hico!”
Doboil grins. “You’re too old to dance in the teenly contest, Kodare. The contest is for the sixteen-year-old young teens,” he gasps in shock and looks over to see Hico and then Kodare. “I have somehow misplaced that particular office memo, Hico. What ‘chances’ are you referencing here, Kodare?”


Dance Hall location
Cold temperatures with no stars and dark clouds
07:01 p.m.


The interior walls were redecorated the next day after the nasty enemies surrendered to the great United States of America ending the Third Nuclear War, in the year 2076, in the month of August, on the 19th day. Of course, there wasn’t much left of the landscape within the damaged United States of America.
All survivors started shifting around the landscape hunting for food, water and shelter, finding various intact buildings and structures creating a new life, a new home, and a new lifestyle.
Hico was one of the few survivors within the burning, not destroyed city of Birmingham. His strong personality and superior military skills forced all captured Prisoners of War to start and then completely renovative the damaged Birmingham Civic Center for living quarters with Birmingham citizens including the smaller theater room. Then Hico made his person the governing Director over the four closest newly established U.S.A. Colonies, without debate or death, opening the front doors, in the year 2077, in the month of cold January, the first day, of the new year, introducing the Apprenticeship Program and the first wave of sixteen year old female Apprentices coming from his ruling territorial lands.
A three-foot high, center stage, non-polished, dark wooden platform overlooks an empty dance floor in black and white large blocks, presenting Director Hico, without a colorful creative bite-nats face mask. He dresses in a tan colored business suit without a necktie and a green tinted, silk, dress shirt, and a pair of tan colored dance shoes. He sits inside an oversized padded chair of dull-looking red cherry wood standing in-between a row of four other chairs, in the same dull condition.
On top of the dance floor, each side wall holds rows consisting of assortment of misshaped and mismatched colored sitting chairs, consisting of several rocking chairs to formal dining room chairs, and three pink tinted loveseats that hug the peeling wall paper in dull white hue presenting billons of tiny lavender flowers.
The entrance wall features three double-wide entrance archways, with closed doors, outlined in dull yellow paint, presenting three long naked wooden tables of food refreshments for the guests. The extreme left-side archway is open.
On top of the center stage, behind a row of ancient ugly oversized wooden chairs, before a dull yellow-tinted rear wall, young hot teen males ranging in height from five feet and five inches up towards six feet and four inches do not lean but stand upright in front of the ugly paint job, holding both of their cupped hands cupped together, in the center of their pelvis bone.
Each male dancer wears a sleeveless and shirtless colored vest parted down the middle revealing a naked chest and a pair of naked and muscular biceps. A pair of matching tight dancing pants leaves nothing to the girly imagination over a pair of matching soft leather dancing shoes. And each male face is covered in a painted bite-nats mask consisting of a hawk, a lion, a panther, a tiger, an elephant, a dog, a dinosaur, an ape, or some of the other poor dead animals that did not survive the three Nuclear Wars.
A white-faced, red-lipped, Geisha Girl bite-nats mask on Pemona follows closely behind the green dress train on Vovina strolling down the same hallway, that once had been painted in bright green. Now, the new passage way is colored in a drab aqua tone, without a glass window or a broken piece of art work or rows of dead insects against floor the baseboards.
Pemona continues to follow the dress train on Vovina then turns again stopping inside the Dance Hall archway and presents a smile eye burning each gorgeous hunky male on top of the stage platform while determining which playmate she wants to play with and then decides she wants all of them.
Inside the same hallway, Brazoria swiftly smashes into the back spine on Pemona sounding with a sneer, yelling in anger, “Move, bi…bye!” She looks ahead and then gasps at each animal-designed face mask on a muscular male and then grins starting to shake her curvy hips, inside her sexy dress to the soft music that plays in the dance hall background.
“Look at that!” Etta moves inside an open slot within the wide archway and then gasps staring at each male dance partner on top of the stage platform. She likes the Panther mask and his muscular body best, from of the male lineup standing against the stage rear wall. She stands inside the wide archway and brushes both of her palms down to her hips.
Una barges through the line of stationary girls and then halts inside the wide archway, also staring at each boy toy on top of the wooden platform. Her smile turns into laughter seeing a drooling Etta, a sexy Brazoria, and a greedy Pemona. She pushes through the row of girls and then paths ahead towards three rows of empty chairs, slightly off the center within Dance Hall.
The interior dance floor is filled with two sections of chairs. One side is already filled with sitting female teens, who present a bite-nats Geisha Girl face mask and a pretty bite-nats dance gown, also, that represents the Swamp Island and Grand Rock Valley Colonies.
On top of the dance floor, Vovina halts a few inches from the archway with a giggle and then swings around to face the crowded archway with all her Apprentices, reaching out, grabbing Pemona by the wrist bone, then Brazoria by the wrist bone, and finally Etta by the wrist bone. She shoves each girl towards the row of empty chairs, saying with a sour frown. “Get into your chair for the set of proper introductions, my little sugar plums! March ahead! One. Two. Three. March!” She back steps from the archway then spins around with a soft giggle moving ahead towards the platform stage, presenting a smirk of satisfaction.
Her Apprentices bounce then bump into each other sounding with their silly giggles then quickly separate from the girly huddle finding an empty chair inside their section, sitting down with more giggles and grins. Each girl continues to stare at the row of male dancers on top of the platform stage while ignoring their family members, who line each side wall sitting in a mismatched chair.
Tulu slowly strolls through the archway last wearing her bite-nats black and white plantation dress, eye burning each muscular male on top of the stage. She sits down in the last chair at the end of the last row, enjoying the view of the males, and then cuts her eyeballs to Una.
Una turns and frowns at Tulu while pondering the need for a ball and a dance, within an academic Apprenticeship Program. She looks beyond Tulu and sees her family members located on the side wall and quickly waves to her mother, father, older sister, brother-in-law, nephew, and her baby sister, cutting her eyeballs back to Tulu.
Tulu nods with a smile in silence to Una and then cuts her eyelashes back at the row of hunky guys but doesn’t get too excited.
Farm life on South Beach is hard work from daylight until nightfall. During the hot days, McCamy and other farm workers always removed a wet shirt, after sweating in the hot sunlight and as Tulu always brought him a cool beverage and a plate of cold food during the break. She liked to see McCamy when…
Inside the Dance Hall, Tulu exhales with a heartache and a bag of mixed teenly emotions.
On top of the stage platform, Director Hico slowly stands upright from his fake throne chair, then moves ahead towards the edge on the wood without falling off and stops extending both in the arms. He smiles at the rows of female dancers and shouts his introductions. “Welcome to Metro City Birmingham!” The audience of Apprentices and their family members, not the male dancers, softly applaud. A few seconds later, the sound of silence follows.
“Welcome to the Metro Ball!” He yells again. Applaud then silence.
“I am Director Hico.” He states. Applaud then silence.
“Welcome to our four Superintendents, Vovina, Doboil, Starbe, and Kodare.” He shouts. Applaud then silence.
“Welcome to all!” He hollers then drops both of his arms down to his legs nodding to all faces. Applaud then silence.
Then he clears his throat and explains. “The rules of the Apprenticeship Program are not to be broken, starting with the families, who are not permitted communication in any media format, during Apprenticeship sessions. Families are allowed to attend the nightly dance competition beginning tomorrow evening as both provided and planned by your host, which is me.” Hico laughs and then hears the applaud. A few second later, silence in the room. He continues. “The Apprenticeship Program ends, when I decide.” The audience members softly applaud then become silence. He says, “Apprentices, please, stand, go, and extend your final good-bye to your family member. I guarantee that you will make them very, very happy, soonest.” The audience does not applaud but swiftly stands upright from each chair slowly scooting around the floor to find their sixteen-year-old daughter, providing a loving hug and strong words of encouragement and parental support for the Apprenticeship Program. On top of the platform stage, Hico slowly back pedals from the edge and continues to watch the audience of both female Apprentices and their family members slamming his legs back against his chair, sitting down. He smiles and observes the commotion on the floor.
The male escorts, in a straight line, continue to stand and pose handsomely against the rear wall, without movement.
Inside her mismatched chair, Tulu scans the room seeing empty chairs, exhaling with another heartache of both pain and sadness. Her parents didn’t feel like riding inside a bumpy transport for four hours, to Metro City Birmingham, seeing her introduction dance performance tonight. She slowly stands upright from the chair and wears a blank face advancing to the food table, grabbing some food, sitting down inside one of the empty chairs and nibbles on the fruit piece. She worries about her parents, who are alone and lonely for the first time without a daughter, there in the South Beach Colony and silently prays for happiness to Taffy and McCamy, who are living within heavenly realm.
On top of the stage platform, in his oversized chair, Superintendent Doboil, both a true citizen and a true representative from the Swamp Island Colony, is dressed a yellow-tinted, enclosed sleeveless, silk vest, a pair of matching tight dance pants, and a pair of red-tinted, soft leather dance shoes. He leans down with a soft whisper into the cheekbone on Hico. “The girls from South Beach, especially the one named Tulu, should be eliminated last within the dance competition.”
“I do not recall you being promoted over me, as the new dictator of Metro City Birmingham, Superintendent. Since I have held that title for five years and make all the dictatorial decisions here in Metro City Birmingham, including my Apprenticeship Program.” Hico stares down into the dance floor and sneers at Doboil.
“I want to point out that she looks sad, not happy. This is a happy occasion for the Apprentices and their families. Her family unit is not present, but still mourns there in South Beach over the dead sister. The here and now is not the time to draw attention, create waves, or rock the boat on the Gulf, especially down there within the South Beach Colony. Her hometown friends might get curious and then want someone from the Colony to invade, investigate, interrogate, and interview people around here at the Metro Hall. Do you get my drift, like floating drift wood on the dried up Mississippi River, Dictator Hico? You know, sometimes a wounded tigress is more dangerous, to us.” Doboil smirks and stares down at the commotion on the dance floor.
He fakes a smile and continues to watch his captured audience. “I will take all your spoken words and silly analogies under advisement. But, for the moment, we will let Mother Nature run its course through the dried up Mississippi River banks. If I accept your intended proposal, then I will require immediate implementation, from you, since this is your concept. Do you feel me, Doboil?” Hico does not nod. Doboil nods with his new concept in silence.
He chuckles, “It is now time to prune all the lovely blooming rose from their thorny bushes.” Hico swiftly stands and advances ahead standing at the edge of the stage, again, tossing both of his arms in the air. He announces with a smile. “Attention! Attention, please! Kiss Mama and Daddy on a cheekbone! Departure time has arrived! Kodare and Doboil, please, serve as the two exit escorts and quickly exit all the family members from the Dance Hall.”
On top of the stage, Superintendents Kodare and Doboil both stand upright from their assigned oversized chair, at the same time. Each one climbs down the stage steps strolling across the crowded dance floor, waving both of their arms in the air, shouting out loud to the families. They swiftly herd all of the family members from the dance hall, into the lobby space, and through the entrance archways and finally back outside the building. Each one points back to the assigned hotel building for the visiting family members.
Inside the Dance Hall, the dance floor is cleaned of families as the work team starts to clear the rows of mismatched chairs for a new upcoming activity. The Apprentices stand around and stare at each other softly chatting about the upcoming practice dance, for the first day of competition, tomorrow evening.
Both Kodare and Doboil reenter the Dance Hall setting gently closing the double doors then stand guard in front of the metal doors, watching Hico.
Hico continues to stand on top of the stage and smiles shouting out loud, without a microphone. “Apprentices, may I have your attention over to me please! I must provide more rules within the Apprenticeship Program. Behind me, there are...”
“Hunks,” a Swamp Island teen yells out loud and waves to each cute male dancer.
“Big boys,” a Grand Rock Valley girl hollers then blows her invisible kiss to each male dancer.
“Hotties,” a North Ridge Mountain female screams and dances in place pointing at each male dancer.
Hico continues to smile down at each Apprentice. “I can see that some of our lovely Apprentices are impressed. Are any more impressed?” Each girl applauds with a giggle and a nod. Hico smiles, “One lucky male will become your dance partner for tonight’s practice dance ball. Each dancer is named Zapata, which means, brother. I do believe that you understand the subtle hinting, teen girls,” he chuckles with the others. “We all have an understanding now. To keep the understanding clear from both male and female prospective, you are named Zavala, which means, sister, of course.”
“Come to me, brother!” Another North Ridge Mountain female yells and wraps both of her arms around her breasts nodding with a smile to each male dancer.
“I only have a room full of sisters. I always wanted a big brother,” another Swamp Island girl shouts.
“We are family now!” Another Grand Rock Valley girl screams and bounces up and down sounding with an array of giggles with a silly smile to each male dancer.
Hico nods with a grin. “The time is eight o’clock, in the evening. We will dance all night, since the night is filled with young dancers. Enjoy the night! Tomorrow, the new day brings about your competitive fight! And the only winner takes it all!” He turns and nods to Vovina. She starts the ancient music player. A musical song with soft slow-moving set of beats flows through the air waves. The rows of mismatched chairs have been removed from the dance floor, except for three long food table on the entrance wall. The entrance doors are closed, and the family members are resting back at their assigned hotel room eating a hot meal also.
The musical song Will Always Love You was released, in the year 1973, by American singer and songwriter Dolly Parton. She wrote the song as a goodbye farewell to her former singer partner and musical mentor of seven years, Porter Wagoner, after deciding to pursue a solo musical career.


If I should stay
I would only be in your way
So, I’ll go, but I know

I’ll think of you every step of the way

And I will always love you
I will always love you
You
My darling, you

Bittersweet memories
That is all I’m taking with me
So, good-bye
Please, don’t cry
We both know, I’m not what you, you need

And I will always love you
I will always love you
You

I hope life treats you, kind
And I hope you have all you’ve dreamed of
And I’m wishing you joy and happiness
But above all this, I wish you love

And I will always love you
I will always love you
I will always love you
I will always love you
I will always love you
I, I will always love you

You
Darling, I love you
I’ll always
I’ll always love you


Each male dancer slowly shuffles from the rear wall, climbs down the stage, and then scatters around the females, moving towards an Apprentice. Actually, more of the females capture their own male dancer starting to swing to the soft music while caressing the manly bumps.
Tulu slowly shuffles backwards from the disappearing row of chairs as each work helper quickly removes an empty chair. She leans against the peeling wallpaper of tiny lavender flowers watching each male dancer. One of the hunky male dancers moves ahead and stalks her. Her heart races and her pulse accelerates and as she taps her toes to beat of the swinging music. And then eye contact happens with the hot male dancer body wearing a bite-nats Hawk mask.
His Hawk mask is outlined in black and blonde colored tone that intertwines with a set of horizontal streaks around the eye brow, both ears, and the jaw line, like a set of smooth feathers, on a real hawk. His lips are painted in a thin line of bright red hue. The black tinted shadow on his nose bridge curves and then arches around, like a real bird beak. His pair of almond-sharp eye sockets exhibit shades of blondish-yellow paint that shrinks his natural human eyeballs down into a pair of little tiny beady round discs, like a real bird also. However, his pupils are tinted baby blue like the rest of the male dancers.
The body frame with the Hawk mask measures six feet and four inches, possessing a tone of bronze skin, a pair of muscular biceps, and an eight-pack abdomen on his naked chest. The pair of tight dancing trousers leaves nothing to her female imagination, except his natural boyish features underneath the mysterious face mask.
Tulu turns and views Kodare, who shares the same hottie male form and manly attitude. Kodare is arrogant or smart while selecting a teen male as his own physical image, like a twin brother, or in this case, a dance escort.
The male dancer behind the Hawk mask stops then leans down into her black colored hair roots, extending his open palm for a dance, saying with a baritone timber, “Tulu.”
Tulu smiles at the male dance then places her right hand into his palm, “Yes.”
Hawk mask smiles. “Please forgive me! I must address you as Zavala. I am your escort for the evening. My name is Zapata,” he accepts her hand and then twirls Tulu around in a gentle circle, settling her next to his elbow, on his left side, cuddling her hand, arm, and shoulder into his naked chest. He wears a goofy grin of red lips. He elegantly strolls towards the side of the dance floor while avoiding the mid-air collision from the other too close dancing bodies and then parks Tulu on top of the floor. He back swirls around her body and then faces her with a pair of goofy looking red tinted chicken lips. She giggles at his silly dance step.
He holds his arm in the air and then poses for the first dance step. She places her hand into his palm again. He places his other hand around her waist, shuffling four steps right and then three steps left very slowly.
She giggles. “Show off!”
He smiles with that goofy smile. “I enjoy dancing with you.”
Tulu exhales. “Am I supposed to talk? Is that against the rule? There are so many rules that I can’t remember.” She views the stage platform seeing Hico, who talks with both Doboil and Starbe. Vovina dances with Kodare on the dance floor. She returns back and views Zapata.
He slowly dances side to side presenting his chicken lips in a big smile. “I can dance, talk, eat with you, Zavala, but not kiss your pretty face.”
She stops the dance then releases his body, wrapping both of her arms around her tiny waistline while holding back her gathered sad teardrops from each eye sockets.
Zapata stops the dance then gasps of alarm leaning into her body, softly saying. “Zavala, what did say? I’m sorry. You look very sad. I was teasing you, which was a very poor taunt. I can be a very good cowboy. I promise. Please forgive me, Zavala!”
She looks down at the floor holding back her gathered sad teardrops, whispering with a soft tone. “I’m sorry too. I’ve recently experienced loss within my family. I’m the one sorry here. I…” she looks up and scans the room seeing the happy dancers, exhaling with sadness. “Now, I’m here. Everyone is happy here. But I don’t feel happy here.”
“Shall we rest and sit for a period of time?” Zapata points to one of the side walls with an empty chair near the food table.
She returns back to see Zapata and states with a stern face. “Please let’s dance. Just talk. Okay. Just talk to me about anything.” Tulu holds both of her arms in a semi-circle in the air while keeping her mind, body, and soul occupied with life, not death.
He tenderly grabs both of her hands then laughs out loud. “I like to talk and dance. I like to eat, dance, talk and enjoy life. I like lots of things, but this silly mask. Does it look funny to you, Zavala?”
She nods with a smile. “I see a hawk with a pair of red chicken lips.” He laughs with her. Tulu smiles, “What does my face mask tell you?”
“You are definitely a living Geisha doll, babe. I note all the Apprentices look very similar. I thought you could select your own unique mask. This process makes it difficult to distinguish you from the entire flock. I do say that I do like your beautiful dress. Is it okay to compliment you and say that your dress is pretty?” He frowns.
She exhales. “Thank you! I like compliments, too. Thanks for noticing my dress. My gown is created from bite-nats paint, my first time. It’s funny, but I fear that I might lose…” Tulu stops the dance step with a giggle and points to Kiwi, who has turned into a multi-colored window curtain, which is covered in colorful bite-nats paint. “O, poor Kiwi! She’s worried about losing her think object.”
Zapata pulls Tulu into his naked chest and slowly sways side to side along with the soft music, whispering over her hair roots. “Relaxation is the key, which is followed closely by concentration. Or we, pesky fellows get to see those little pretty panties on each tiny belle behindie. Hmm! Are you feeling nervous, Zavala?” He softly chuckles then reaches down playfully tickling her rib cage.
She blushes on both of her cheekbones and then pulls back with a gasp, reaching out, gently slapping his bicep. He laughs again. She folds both of her arms and presents a stern face reprimanding her male dancer. “Zapata, you’re talking to a lady. You’re not supposed to know such things on a female like…like their underthings,” she stomps her heeled sandals on top of the floor and then gasps in shock looking down at the gleaming colors of black and white on the dance floor.
“What’s wrong, Tulu?” He asks with worry and stares down at her black tinted hair roots.
“The floor is smooth,” she states with confusion and encircles her sole on top of the glassy floor.
“The dance floor is for dancing,” he quickly performs a soft shoe dance step on the floor and gently lands on one kneecap, extends both his arms towards her, for the dance finale. He grins in the red tinted chicken lips then slowly stands upright, slapping his arms down to his legs, laughing out loud in amusement.
Tulu looks up and giggles at his funny dance. “I know the floor is for dancing. But isn’t it strange the floor is hard like solid rock? I believe this to be marble stone. Or is this a black and white granite stoned floor base? We dance a lot back home on a raised wooden platform, which absorbs our foot impacts keeping our tender leg shins from arching or bowing. This hard tile will ache on my tender arches, until Sun Block, tomorrow evening.”
He looks down and studies the hard floor, without exhibiting his facial features, within the Hawk mask. He says with a firm tone, “You’re smart, m…my little cookie.”
Vovina appears, after ending her dance with Kodare, and then stops standing beside the nose profile on Tulu, still wearing her Geisha mask. “What’s wrong over here? Why are you not dancing or practicing Apprentice Tulu? Are you sick? Are you injured? Are you losing your bite-nats paint, Apprentice Tulu? It’s important to hold your mental thought with the physical object. Or the consequences will not be pretty,” she views Zapata then sneers saying with a nasty tone. “Is there a problem with your male dancer? I can see to it that you have another Zapata.”
Tulu looks up with a gasp to see Vovina. “I’m not nervous, Superintendent Vovina. I can easily hold my think object all night long, until Sun Block. I …”
She nods to Zapata then returns her eyeballs back to Tulu, saying with a stern tone. “All right! Very well! I guess this Zapata can stay and dance with you, Apprentice Tulu. However, there are twenty-five other dancers to choose from, besides this one. Do remember that! The competition is not graded on your lousy dance steps. You and any Zapata can sway at any method, to any tempo, as long as, you hold your mental thought and your bite-nats face mask intact. This is my final warning, Apprentice Tulu.” Tulu nods in silence. Vovina exhale with frustration at the troublesome teen and cannot wait until the Apprenticeship Program is done. She states with a fake smile, “But if you need my assistance, then I will be standing there on top of the platform stage, for you, for any reason.”
“Yes ma’am!” Tulu nods with a stern face and then looks down at the floor feeling teenly embarrassment, wrapping both of her arms around her tiny waistline. She was almost been tossed out from the Apprenticeship Program and then sent back home to the South Beach Colony. Her parents will become very upset after all they have been through with the death of their daughter Taffy and failure of their youngest daughter. She exhales with worry and holds back all her gathered sad tears of disappointment.
Vovina pirouettes away from Tulu and Zapata strolling back towards the stage platform, watching all the dances for any additional troublemakers. She must watch Tulu, very carefully.
Zapata bows down at his fit waistline to Tulu and extends his open palm to her saying with a soft voice. “May I have this dance, Tulu?”
She looks up and smiles at his silly bite-nats mask reaching out and places her hand inside his warm palm. He closes the hand and stands upright performing a lousy wink with the sticky paint over his eyes socket. She laughs then grins. “Thanks for not ratting me out! I’m sorry. I was curious about the floor,” Tulu looks down at the floor again and then up to see each dancer. Some dancers laugh. Some dancers groan. Some dancers fight. Some dancers play. She returns back to see Zapata and states with a soft timber. “There are so many rules, too many rules.”
“Think object: home!” He states with a chuckle and poses both of his arms at his side wearing a goofy grin of red chicken lips.
She views the side wall beside the food table with the missing chairs which had represented her missing parents and her dead sister Taffy. She views Zapata shaking her curls, within the Geisha Girl bite-nats mask, softly explaining. “I…I can’t leave from here. My mama, she’s so proud of me, even with yesterday….”
He still smiles and starts to carefully sway side to side, without her, to the waltzing musical song, laughing out loud at Tulu. “I can dance here all night long, without you, Tulu.”
She starts to laugh and nods her curls walking into his open arms. He wraps both of his arms into a hug, not the proper waltz pose, saying with a soft voice. “That’s my m…missy! You’re light on your feet.” Her natural red lips parts. He grins. “I see your smile now. Your shoes are pretty.” Her natural red lips smirk. He grins. “I see your smirk. You smell pretty too.” Her natural red lips smile with her white teeth. Then he softly cheers and continues to sway both of them to the waltz music. “Yeah, I have succeeded in creating a living Geisha doll. I see your toothies,” he cuddles her body frame still swaying side to side with the soft music, sniffing her hair roots. “You smell, like a vine of sweet honeysuckles, which is very nice to chicken noses. Do chickens have noses or nostrils?”
She giggles into his naked chest. “A chicken has a set of nose holes for breathing. And I stole them from the honeysuckle fields. There are tons of honeysuckle vines here within the city growing through the walkway cracks. Each one of us even received a bouquet of honeysuckles too. But I shared my bouquet with the other girls, who had never seen a honeysuckle vine, touched or tasted a honeysuckle stem. I hope that’s okay to steal the free honeysuckles vines. I packed them inside my clothing bag, so my clothes would smell good also. I always did that with T…”
“There are rules here for a reason, Tulu.”
“Well, I’m really not used to rules. I used to…”
“…freedom…”
She pulls back from his chest with a long gasp and stares into the Hawk mask, saying with a smile.  “You did a very good job painting your face with bite-nats and your dance outfit. Is this your first masked dance?”
“I can’t take credit. Some artist drew the wet mask on my face. Then I just thunked it up.” Zapata laughs. Tulu giggles. He smiles. “The outfit is made of real fabric. We’re the alpha dogs, so we lead, not think. If we think too much, then it leads, well to, too much. How is your Apprenticeship thing leading? Are you first or last or in-between the girly competition for that single prime work job? I heard the winner gets lots of nice stuff, suck like, a good steady work, health services for the family, education for the children and suck and suck and suck. I was passed over the selection process, when I turned sixteen years old. Don’t matter to me! I like my life. I enjoy my life, so short and all.”
“I’m sorry to hear that, Zapata. I heard the winner gets the same stuff also. Competition starts tomorrow morning. I’m absolutely clueless about my tests or my examinations, within the Apprenticeship Program. I’m not really an academician. Mc…”
“My, what?”
She gasps with worry, “My…” she smiles. “I mean, my person is not very good at book learning,” she looks down at the floor and then returns her eyeballs back up to see Zapata. “I understand there’s a dance and mask event, every night, after our Apprentice session, within the Apprenticeship Program. Will you be my dance partner?”
“I didn’t hear that adverb: again. Are you trying to trade me in for a new model? Well, I get paid to dance with you or not. But you’re light on your feet. And I don’t like a pair of platform shoes. They stomp my tender big toes. The money is real nice; the company is real pretty. I like pretty girls. Well, I guess, you’re pretty. It’s hard to tell with that Geisha doll mask over your face. Are you pretty, Tulu? O! Maybe, that’s why each one of you wears a painted face mask?” He chuckles.
Tulu laughs and then smiles. “No! I’m not turning you in or down for tomorrow’s dance, Zapata. Tomorrow morning will become a very different experience for the both of us. I probably won’t be wearing a pair of platform shoes, so you should bandage your naked toes, just in case. I can speak for the other Apprentices. We’re all pretty. Pretty in our soul, heart, and mind. So there! I really don’t comprehend the need for a face mask or a slow dance for the Apprenticeship Program. I don’t comprehend the dance competition stage, either. That’ll be tomorrow, bright and early. But I can tell you that some of the girls are intense along with Vovina. She’s my Colony Superintendent. She doesn’t like you breaking the rules either.” Zapata turns and views Vovina, who dances again with a nasty, handsome Kodare.
Tulu exhales with worry then states. “I ran over her toes, early this afternoon. But I’m an action girl! I thunk all the solutions, not lie down and then complain about the problems. I guess this competition boils my blood, gets me moving in the right direction, since…”
“Since what?” He views and says to Tulu.
She looks up to see Zapata and whispers with her words. “I hope that I can dance with you, again, tomorrow night. I’ll talk with Superintendent Vovina about you being my first and only choice as my escort for my Apprenticeship dances for the next six days. We mush together so fine as a pair of wild dancers. Tell me your real name!”
“Naw, girl! I’ve been strictly instructed to call you, Zavala. And you are to address my person as Zapata. I don’t wanna get my person into trouble.”
She exhales with worry then says with a stern face. “I’m sorry. You’re correct. So, will you wear more red chicken lips, tomorrow evening, too? So, I can recognize you instantly with that fierce hawk brow,” she giggles with a silly grin.
He sings then smiles, “Hmm! That’s a very good question! I was drawn by a professional artist, who happened to select the Hawk mask. I’ll request the same mask for tomorrow evening’s dance competition, of course, but I can’t guarantee success. May I make a suggestion to you, Zavala?” Tulu nods in silence. Zapata says. “You should wear your fresh-scented honeysuckle perfume, again, during tomorrow evening’s dance competition, also. I’ll smell you immediately. And I’ll duplicate your odor too. We both can smell alike while guaranteeing a secret identification process. How’s that, Zavala?”
She smiles with delight. “You’re very easy to talk with Zapata and funny and a great two-stepper. You remind me of …”
“…your daddy…”
Tulu nods in silence.
Zapata moans for drama then says with a grin. “That’s always the common answer! Girls like to be reminded that they have a nice daddy, who spoils them, takes care of them, and loves them.”
She shares a fake smile holding back her gathered sad teardrops in each eye socket, mentally thinking about the love of her dad, the loss of her sister Taffy, and her own love and loss of her future husband McCamy.
Zapata pulls Tulu gently into his naked chest inside his open vest whispering into her eardrum. “Tulu, I will be here right here to dance all these dances, with only you, and to take care of you, too. I promise, like a very good cowboy.” Tulu closes her two eyelashes and leans into the naked chest on Zapata hearing his heartbeat, softly sobbing with her wet heated tears of sadness, missing both Taffy and McCamy. They slowly sway in a short circle around the dance floor, ignoring the soft music.
June 4th Thursday


Day One
Dance Competition

Dance Hall location
Cold temperatures with dull moonlight and gray clouds
07:01 p.m.


A single bright spot light flickers down on top of the darkened dance floor. The single percussion snarl drum rolls in a steady beat.
The Dance Hall environment displays an elevated stage platform standing upright four feet from the flat dance floor; 30 feet in length and 50 feet in width, with a ceiling rooftop 60 feet high from the wooden stage. The stage platform overlooks a newly constructed 2,000 square feet ballroom dance floor between four walls of ugly peeling white tinted wallpaper with tiny lavender flowers. The cold harsh winters and cool air temperatures leak into the old building changing, modifying and disintegrating all the man-made materials. Built within one side wall corner and part of the entrance wall, six tiers of curved concrete benches can hold 1,500 individuals.
Superintendent Vovina wears a brown and white colored Puppy dog bite-nats face mask and an ankle-length white and brown-colored bite-nats gown standing on top of the stage, waving at the roaring audience members, who sit or stand on top of a curved hard concrete bleacher, within Metro City Dance Hall, and the other home sitters, who live and watch from outside Metro City Birmingham.
She screams out loud, “Lights, please!”
The music crescendos from a range of soft piano notes into an ear-piercing steel guitar string while the single spot light expands and then encompasses Vovina, then the dance floor, then the small stage of figures, and then the four sections of cheering, waving, standing, jumping, spitting, and bouncing rowdy spectators. Vovina tosses both of her arms in the air and wears a smile. “Welcome, everyone! Welcome to Apprenticeship Program!” The audience cheers and claps again. She grins and speaks loudly into the microphone. “Thank you, everyone! May I introduce to the live audience, Director Hico of Metro City Birmingham!” The audience cheers and claps again.
A single spotlight hits down on the shoes of a singular figure. The shoes stands on the edge of the stage platform then expands and finally encompasses coming upwards from the feet towards the skull. The light expands and covers the entire stage moving backwards and then outwards towards the dance floor and then into the bleachers with the rows of rowdy spectators.
Hico tosses both of his arms into the air and says with a nod. “Thank you! Thank you! I am honored to be here hosting the Fifth Annual Apprenticeship Program. And for the first time, appearing before, well, I am appearing before a live audience for the first time. But I don’t seem to be myself.” He reaches up and then touches his face covered in an Elephant bite-nats mask with an aggregated gray tinted trunk hanging down from its nose dangling into the middle of his chest. He smiled with a silly grin asking, “Do you like my happy face?” The audience cheers and claps again.
He wears a black tinted tuxedo with a red tinted bowtie, a gray tinted shirt, and a pair of black leather shoes then shakes his Elephant trunk side to side laughing out loud. He exhales then states with a smile, “Thank you! I will explain my changed appearance shortly.”
On top of the stage platform, in the single row of five oversized chairs, Vovina sits next to the empty chair that belongs to Hico then leans over with a whisper into Doboil. “What’s he doing?”
Kodare sits beside the empty chair of Hico and exhibits his Monkey bite-nats mask staring at the rowdy audience members, wearing a black tinted sleeveless, shirtless vest, a pair of matching dance pants, and a pair of orange tinted dance shoes.
Starbe sits beside Kodare and continuous flicks back and forth each ear tip on her Giraffe bite-nats mask, staring at the rowdy audience members also, wearing an ankle-length ball gown with a halter top in glittering translucence sequins with brilliant rainbow colors.
Doboil displays a Fox bite-nats mask with a pair of tiny reddish-brown hairy ears, staring at the rowdy audience also, wearing a red tinted sleeveless, shirtless vest, a matching pair of dance pants, and a pair of yellow dance shoes. He leans over and whispers back to her cheekbone. “He changed the rules.”
“What rules?” Vovina asks and stares at the rowdy audience.
“…rules are very simple…” Hico says and stares at the rowdy audience through the Elephant mask. “One, we all will have fun. Two, we all will have fun and participate. Three, we all will have fun and participate, wearing a mask.” The rowdy audience continues to loudly sound with an array of hand applauds, wild cheers, lip whistles, and foot stomps as the noise echoes throughout the Dance Hall. He says without nodding his bone skull with the heavy bite-nats trunk. “I am glad. You are glad. I have selected the mighty mammal bull elephant as my face mask. Tonight, is the first dance competition. And you can become a participate within the evening’s competition too. You can design your own personal face mask also. Bring out the bite-nats tubes!”
The ceiling tiles slowly part and then reveal an array of dangling slender clear glass tubes. Each tube slowly drops down from the open hole and then stops a few feet from each human bone skull. Then each hose sprays the bite-nats paint and then douses each person with rainbow colors red, green, blue, orange, yellow, pink, purple, silver, and gold. The audience becomes wilder and crazier while loudly applauding and cheering inside the Dance Hall.
Hico continues to stand at the edge of the platform and watches the audience.
Each chair sitter decorates a face, both arms, and their entire clothed body with the multi-colored bite-nats paint as each tube quickly empties with the colored paint. Then, the audience sounds with louder hand applauds, wild cheers, lip whistles, and foot stomps in favorite of Director Hico and the current presentation of the Apprenticeship Program in both live-action and living color.
“Bring out the dancers!” Hico waves both of his arm in the air, signaling the two door keepers. A door keeper stand at attention then silently nods back to Hico beside a closed door, on the side wall. Each keeper wears a tan colored sleeveless vest, a pair of matching trousers, a pair of tan colored boot, and an ugly brown and black tinted insect bite-nats mask.
The spot light dances back and forth across the black and white marble floor in a wild pattern as a musical song of rock and roll musical notes blasts loudly in the air, coming from a set of hidden audio speakers.
The musical song The Beautiful People was released on September 1996 on the second studio album entitled Antichrist Superstar and was performed by the American rock and roll band named Marilyn Manson. The song was written by Marilyn Manson and Twiggy Ramirez. The producers included Trent Reznor; Dave Ogilvie, and Marilyn Manson. The musical band played Rock and Alternative Rock sounds.
The lead singer Marilyn Manson is properly named as Brian Hugh Warner. He was an American rock musician and former music journalist. He was famous for his controversial stage persona and image within his musical band.
His stage name is joining of the two American cultural icons named the Hollywood movie starlet Marilyn Monroe and jailed multi-murderer Charles Manson creating a pronounced public appeal for heavy metal fans.


And I don’t want you and I don’t need you
Don’t bother to resist or I’ll beat you
It’s not your fault, that you’re always wrong
The weak ones are there to justify the strong
The beautiful people, the beautiful people
It’s all relative to the size of your steeple
You can’t see the forest for the trees
You can’t smell your own shit on your knees

There’s no time to discriminate
Hate every motherfucker
That’s in your way

Hey, you! What do you see?
Something beautiful or something free?
Hey, you! Are you trying to be mean?
If you live with apes, man, it’s hard to be clean

The worms will live in every host
It’s hard to pick which one, they eat the most
The horrible people, the horrible people
It’s as anatomic as the size of your steeple
Capitalism has made it this way
Old-fashioned fascism will take it away

Hey, you! What do you see?
Something beautiful or something free?
Hey, you! Are you trying to be mean?
If you live with apes, man, it’s hard to be clean

There’s no time to discriminate
Hate every motherfucker
That’s in your way

The beautiful people
The beautiful people (ah)
The beautiful people
The beautiful people (ah)
The beautiful people
The beautiful people (ah)
The beautiful people
The beautiful people (ah)

Hey, you! What do you see?
Something beautiful or something free?
Hey, you! Are you trying to be mean?
If you live with apes, man, it’s hard to be clean

Hey, you! What do you see?
Something beautiful or something free?
Hey, you! Are you trying to be mean?
If you live with apes, man, it’s hard to be clean

The beautiful people
The beautiful people
The beautiful people
The beautiful people
The beautiful people
The beautiful people
The beautiful people
The beautiful people


The audience members present both a colorful bite-nats face mask and painted human bodies. All humans stand up from the hard bench and then sway sideways in fun dance moves while wildly cheering and clapping for the wildly.
On the entrance wall, the extreme double doors are open. Two individual rows of Apprentices enter through a different archway and then halt forming a straight line on top of the black and white dance floor, standing in front of Hico in the middle of the dance floor.
Tulu wears a smile and dresses a rose-tinted, ankle-length gown designed in numerous slashed diagonal patterns of black, yellow, white, and pink. A ten-inched dress train puddles on top of the marble black and white dance floor. She presents a pair of rose-tinted, three-inched fashion high heels with ten yellow tinted toenails. She wears a pair of matching rose-tinted, elbow-length, silk gloves over both of her naked hands and arms. Her hair displays a long black-tinted ponytail behind her Calico cat bite-nats face mask. The face mask consists of a white background and then a series of black, yellow, and red diagonal slashes across her face that matches her dress pattern. Her eyeballs search then stare at the line of male dances spotting the Hawk bite-nats mask and as she smiles with a pair of hot pink-tinted lips.
The male dancers shuffle away from the rear wall, climb down the steps, and stop standing in front of one Apprentice for the first evening’s dance competition. The rock and roll music stops.
A new introduction musical fanfare, tooting flutes and rolling drums introduces each dance partner. Each girl performs a deep graceful curtesy with her ankle bones as each male dancer bows down at his fitted waistline to each girl. Then each dancer stands upright with a nod to their dance partner in silence for the first step of first dance. A new slow-moving musical tune begins.
The musical song Will Always Love You was released, in the year 1973, by American singer and songwriter Dolly Parton.
She wrote the song as a goodbye farewell to her former singer partner and musical mentor of seven years, Porter Wagoner, after deciding to pursue a solo musical career.

If I should stay
I would only be in your way
So, I’ll go, but I know

I’ll think of you every step of the way

And I will always love you
I will always love you
You
My darling, you

Bittersweet memories
That is all I’m taking with me
So, good-bye
Please, don’t cry
We both know, I’m not what you, you need

And I will always love you
I will always love you
You

I hope life treats you, kind
And I hope you have all you’ve dreamed of
And I’m wishing you joy and happiness
But above all this, I wish you love

And I will always love you
I will always love you
I will always love you
I will always love you
I will always love you
I, I will always love you

You
Darling, I love you
I’ll always
I’ll always love you


The teen dancers start to sway in slow-motion to the new musical song. Hico continues to stand at the edge of the platform and then tosses both of his arms into the air shouting out loud. “Stop!” The music stops playing. Each male dance spins around to see Hico as each female dancer stares at Hico also. The sound of silence invades the dance floor. The spot light beams onto his Elephant mask. He states, “I forgot to explain the simple rules.” The audience and dancers laugh out loud.
He smiles. “First, our teens have worked so hard to achieve this endeavor that I congratulate each and everyone one of you.” The audience and dancers clap and then cease.
“Second, the competition will be limited for precisely fifty minutes. Third, I feel very badly saying this. But everyone can succumb to failure. If your face mask waivers ever so slightly or disappears from your face for less than a second, then you will be eliminated from Apprenticeship Program.” The audience and dancers perform a playful set of loud boos and heavy foot stomps and then cease.
“I would like to remind everyone to practice good sportsmanship here. Please note! There is a panel of seated judges, who have been selected from our pool of Metro City finest…”
“Who are the seated judges against the side wall?” Vovina asks and turns staring at the side wall, studying each judge, who wears an ugly black and brown-tinted Insect bite-nats face mask.
“A row of Metro City trash cans.” Doboil turns and growls shifting his Fox face mask, staring at the same wall of judges.
She gasps. “Are the dance judges really the local Metro City prisoners? Did Hico really do that? Why has Hico dumped out a row of criminals from the tankers, who are acting as a dance judge?”
“Who better to judge a throat-cutting, knife-wielding, gut-twisting, deadly dance competition, dear?” Doboil laughs.
“Is this your brilliant idea instead? It’s splendid, Doboil!” Vovina smiles shifting her Puppy dog face mask.
Hico continues to stand and shouts on the edge of the stage, waving both of his arms at the row of judges. “Each judge will park on the sidelines and in sight of each dancer. Their dance decision is final. No replays! No repeats! No returns! I am sorry for the interruption again. Please forgive me! Start the music again!” He continues to stand on the edge of the platform and watches each dancer.
On top of the dance floor, the young male hot body wearing the Hawk mask circles around an upright Tulu and then stops standing back in front of her Calico cat mask, reaching out, hugging her into his naked chest. He whispers into her eardrum as the soft, slow-moving, musical note echoes throughout the room. “You are beautiful, Zavala.”
She giggles into his naked chest. “You can call me, Tulu. Okay! I don’t like that funky sounding name. What’s your name, your real name, sir?”
“Zapata,” he whispers into her eardrum.
She pulls back with a smile and sways inside his arms, smiling at his Hawk mask. “Come on now! We’re in here for a long night. Fifty minutes of stomping on my tender toes. I should get a real name, not that brotherly slur.”
“I don’t stomp on toes!” Zapata cocks his head wearing a pair of goofy red-tinted chicken lips at Tulu. “But I’ve noted very swiftly that you’re un-balanced,” he looks down at her dress hemline. “Are you wearing a pair of new shoes?”
Tulu stops her swaying motion and then lifts up her dress hemline showing her heels and yellow-painted toenails. “I think, too high,” she giggles. “I’m a little wobbly. I usually wear nothing.” He laughs. She smiles. “I meant to say, that I wear nothing on my naked feet. I like the feel of grass and earth. Do you like my dance shoes, Zapata?”
“You’re very beautiful, Tulu,” he leans over and then sweet breathes into her face.
She giggles. “Do you think my shoes are beautiful, Zapata?”
“You’re beautiful, Tulu. They’re beautiful, Tulu. You smell nice like a vine of honeysuckles. You have remembered our lovely pact,” he pulls her into his naked chest slowly swaying to the musical song.
She giggles from his tender touch and sways to the soft music. “I remember everything. Funny! I’m not nervous or concerned about losing my bite-nats face mask. How do you feel, Zapata?”

At 08:18 p.m., the tempo beats of the new music swiftly swings into a rock and roll song entitled, U Can’t Touch This. The musical song was performed by the musical superstar artist M.C. Hammer, in the year 1990, from his album entitled Please Hammer Don’t Hurt ‘Em. The musical tunes played Pop Rap and Pop sounds.


You can’t touch this
You can’t touch this
You can’t touch this
You can’t touch this

My, my, my, my
(You can’t touch this)

Music hits me so hard
Makes me say, “O! My Lord
Thank you for blessing me
With a mind to rhyme and two hyped feet.”

It feels good when you know you’re down
A super dope homeboy from the Oaktown
And I’m known as such
And this is a beat, uh, you can’t touch
I told you, homeboy

You can’t touch this
Yeah. That’s how we live and you know

You can’t touch this
Look in my eyes, man

You can’t touch this
Yo! Let me bust the funky lyrics
You can’t touch this

Fresh new kicks and pants
You got it like that
Now you know you wanna dance
So, move outta your seat
And get a fly girl
And catch this beat

While it’s rolling
Hold on
Pump a little bit and let them know it’s going on
Like that, like that
Cold on a mission, so fall on back
Let them know, that you’re too much
And this is a beat, uh, they can’t touch
Yo! I told you

You can’t touch this
Why you standing there, man?
You can’t touch this

Yo! Sound the bell; school’s in, sucker
You can’t touch this

Give me a song or rhythm
Making them sweat, that’s what I’m giving them
Now, they know
You talk about the Hammer
When you’re talking about a show
That’s hyped and tight
Singers are sweating
So, pass them a wipe or a tape
To learn
What it’s gonna take in the 90’s to burn
The chart’s legit
Either work hard or you might as well quit
That’s word, because, you know

You can’t touch this
You can't touch this

Break it down!
Stop! Hammer time!
“Go with the flow”, it is said
If you can’t groove to this, then you probably are dead
So, wave your hands in the air
Bust a few moves
Run your fingers through your hair

This is it, for a winner
Dance to this and you’re gonna get thinner
Now move, slide your rump
Just for a minute! Let’s all do the bump
(Bump, bump, bump)
Yeah!
You can’t touch this

Look, man!
You can’t touch this


Zapata smiles and enjoys the moment of the thrilling dance competition saying with delight to Tulu. “I feel like a hopping bunny rabbit.”
“Me, too!” She pulls away from Zapata and then tosses both of her arms to the left and her shoes to the right, laughing at her funny dance moves. He joins her silly dance movements, swinging his limbs in the opposite direction, avoiding permanent injury to her body.
Hico continues to stand on the edge of the platform and tosses one arm in the air yelling out loud. “Stop the music!” The music ceases. Each bite-nats mask views Hico again. He points down on the dance floor at the exposed Apprentice, who is only covered in golden tinted bite-nats paint all over her body and wears a face of tears. He yells “Judges, what is your final decision here?” Each judge lifts up a tiny black tinted flag that represents an Apprentice dismissal from the dance competition.
Hico shakes his finger at the exposed female teen Apprentice without showing his facial expressions inside his Elephant face mask. “I am sorry, Apprentice. You have been eliminated from the dance competition tonight. Please, follow the set of door keepers out from the Dance Hall. You will be able to collect your personal luggage and then leave the building. Thanks for participating!” The audience member loudly sounds with a set of boos and hisses.
Beside the open archway, the two door keepers rush ahead towards the female dancer and then stops sounding with a sneer. One reaches out and grabs the arm on the female. The other door keeper reaches out and grabs the arm on the male dancer.
On top of the dance floor, the male dancer fights back with the door keeper growling in fury, shouting out loud. “Hey! Get your dirty hands off my arm, dude! I’m supposed to stay and play here tonight. Hey! I don’t wanna leave here. Let go of my arm! I’m paid to…”
The exposed sixteen-year-old female Apprentice feels disappointment slowly padding ahead towards the open archway without the door keeper. She could not hold her think object during the dance and then her human body became exposed with the splatters of golden-tinted bite-nats paint. She swiftly exits the dance floor with tears of sadness, going back to see her parents, who live in the Grand Rock Valley Colony.
The two door keepers work together and finally drag the rowdy male dancer from the dance floor and into an empty hallway as the male dancer continues to shout and fight. He is supposed to stay and play within the dance competition.
Inside the Dance Hall, on top of the stage platform, Hico continues to stand on the edge of the stage in silence and then smiles. “Well, that didn’t work!” He claps and announces. “So, everyone, back to dancing! Please start the music again!” The same musical song of rock and rock notes blasts throughout the air waves. Both the remaining and surviving dance couples swing and then shake a body to the fun music. Hico continues to stand at the edge of the stage and watch each dancer.




Three hours later…

11:40 p.m.
Basement setting
Cold temperatures with dull moonlight and no stars


Underneath an empty and quiet dance floor, without an individual hidden speaker for musical songs, within the Dance Hall, a small area of space contains a few pieces of used, ripped, and stinky sitting furniture, for decades ago, when the ancient city of Birmingham held a set of town events long before Nuclear War Three. The room’s odor fragrance consists of drifting pine cone scents, musty air molecules, and faint smells of sweet honeysuckle juice.
Two yellow-tinted, faded, ripped long sitting sofas, three oversized, red-tinted, ripped sitting chairs, a single wooden writing table, four broken but working table lamps, all items rest underneath a dirty beige-colored floor rug, on top of the basement floor, that also holds other secret things.
On the entrance wall made of solid damp concrete blocks, McCamy slams open the basement door and sounds with a loud huff stomping ahead in a pair of dirty faded blue jeans, a slightly dirty red-tinted, short-sleeved tee shirt, and his favorite polished, brown and orange-tinted cowboy boots. His three childhood buddies, Hixson, Rusk, and Baycliff, follow behind his back spine.
Hixson carries in his cupped hand and holds one of the tiny electronic mini-television screens playing a musical song for all eardrums. He dances swaying his arms and hips to all the musical tones while wearing a smile.
The musical song Let’s Hear It for the Boy was released on February 14, 1984 and recorded by musical solo artist Deniece Williams. The song was written by Tom Snow and Dean Pitchford and produced by George Duke.


My baby, he don’t talk sweet
He ain’t got much to say
But he loves mee, loves me, loves me
I know that he loves me anyway

And maybe he don’t dress fine
But I don’t really mind
Cause, every time he pulls me near
I just want to cheer

Let’s hear it for the boy
Let’s give the boy a hand
Let’s hear it for my baby
You know you gotta understand

Whoa, maybe, he’s no Romeo
But he’s my lovin’ one-man show
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
Let’s hear it for the boy

My baby may not be rich
He’s watchin’ every dime
But he loves me, loves me, loves me
We always have a real good time

And maybe he sings off key
But that’s alright by me
Cause, what he does he does so well
Makes me wanna yell

Let’s hear it for the boy
Ah! Let’s give the boy a hand
Let’s hear it for my baby
You know you gotta understand

Whoa, maybe, he’s no Romeo
But he’s my lovin’ one man show
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
Let’s hear it for the boy

Cause, every time he pulls me near
I just wanna cheer

Let’s hear it for the boy
Ah! Let’s give the boy a hand
Let’s hear it for my baby
You know, you gotta understand, whoa

Maybe he’s no Romeo
But he’s my lovin’ one man show
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
Let’s hear it for the boy (Let’s hear it for the boy)
Let’s hear it for my man (Let’s hear it for my baby)
Let’s hear it for my baby (Let’s hear it for the boy)

(Let’s hear it for my baby)
(Let’s hear it for the boy) 
Let’s hear it for my man
(Let’s hear it for my baby)
(Let’s hear it for the boy)
Put your hands together
(Let’s hear it for my baby)
(Let’s hear it for the boy)
Let’s hear it for my boy
(Let’s hear it for my babe)
Let’s hear it for my man
(Let’s hear it for the boy)
Ooh
(Let’s hear it for my babe)
Let’s hear it for my man, yeah


Baycliff wears a smile, a pair of dirty faded blue jeans, a slightly dirty yellow-tinted, short-sleeved tee shirt, and a pair of polished, green and blue tinted cowboy boots. He stops his dance steps then halts leaning down with a soft chuckle, reaching out and then playfully tickles her ribs.
She giggles out loud then slaps his hand away from her folded position slowly standing upright on both of her kneecaps on top of the dirty carpet, after hiding underneath an open air-conditioning metal vent and then crawls backwards from the long side wall. She scratches the white cobwebs from her newly cropped brown-tinted pixie hairstyle then slowly stands upright from the semi-dirty rug sounding with a lady grunt. She wears a pair of dirty faded blue jeans, a slightly dirty orange-colored, short-sleeved tee shirt, and a pair of unpolished, red and black cowgirl boots. She spins around and presents a stern face strolling ahead towards a wooden writing desk. The desk stands opposite from the entrance wall. She stops then leans over scribbling down all the top secret data information inside a paper notebook with her ink pen, dropping down the pen down on top of the paper. She stands upright then glances up to see the wall clock above the table, saying with puzzlement. “Why are ya’ll back from the dancing event, soonest?” She looks down at the table then swings around seeing a row of males sitting in a ratty furniture piece here inside the basement room.
The four males duplicate the physical appearance of Superintendent Kodare and all his male dancers from the North Ridge Mountain Colony, possessing a tall body frame, a head of cropped blonde-tinted hair strands, a pair of blue eyes and a tone of bronze-tinted skin.
She leans against the table folding both of her naked forearms, saying with a puzzled brow again. “What’s going on now? Ain’t there no dance competition practice for the male teens, after the grand event, tonight?”
“We’re perfect!” Rusk smiles and wears a pair of dirty faded blue jeans, a slightly dirty blue-colored, short-sleeved tee shirt, and a pair of polished orange and purple-tinted, leather cowboy boots, sitting on top of a non-stinky but patched yellow-tinted sofa then leans down grabbing a cold beverage from the small travel cooler, posed between him and the other sitting chair.
“I concur with my buddy Rusk.” Hixson grins and wears a pair of dirty faded blue jeans, a slightly dirty green-tinted, short-sleeved tee shirt, and a pair of polished brown and black-tinted, leather cowboy boots, leaning down and grabs a different cold beverage from the same travel cooler. He sits upright and snaps the tab open slurping down the cold liquid, sitting in the other chair beside Rusk.
“How can you tell them twins apart, Hixson?” Baycliff asks and sits inside a ripped and torn red-tinted oversized chair, turning with a puzzled brow to see Rusk then McCamy.
“That’s so easy! McCamy’s meaner,” Hixson turns and winks at McCamy then starts to laugh. McCamy reaches down and picks up pitching a handful of trash from the semi-dirty floor at Hixson. Hixson bats the items away from his effortlessly while chuckling along with Rusk and Baycliff.
“We’re pooped! That’s the bestest proper term here.” Baycliff states and reseats sipping then swallows the cold liquid, after standing then stealing a new beverage from the travel cooler. He burps out loud then grins.
“He-man can’t dance.” Rusk states then chuckles along with Hixson.
Baycliff sips the liquid then swallows turning to frown at Rusk, raising his timber. “Hey! I like to dance the two-step, not this Fango-Tango-Fluffy-Puffy stuff for the flock of flamingos at Hixson’s pond.”
“I killed those flamingos for eating my corn stalks.” Hixson states with a smile then sips swallowing the cold liquid, burping out loud and then grins to Baycliff.
Rusk nods then says to Hixson, “I dare say that we got the right man for the right job.” He turns and frowns at Baycliff, “Don’t eat all of Taffy’s food, Baycliff!” He reaches over and steals a couple of cracker packets from a single brown weaver picnic basket, provided by Taffy, resting on top of the low wooden table in front of the sofa, pitching one to Hixson.
Baycliff states then smiles, “We can get more. And I like to steal too.” Yellowish-brown abused food particles disgustingly stick in-between Baycliff’s white teeth as he presents for gross fun drama then laughs along with Hixson.
“Gross, man! Go upstairs and brush your teeth and comb your hair and take a bath as you sweat, like all of Hixson’s pigs.” Rusk states with a smile then eats chewing the crackers.
“I ate all of those hogs last winter at Holiday.” Hixson states then grins with his own yellowish-brown tinted abused food particles between his front teeth, also, laughing along with Baycliff and Rusk.
McCamy doesn’t laugh but continues to sit wearing a stern face, in his ratty oversized blue-tinted chair, staring at the familiar female and then demands with a serious tone. “What’s the latest buzz, Taffy?”
Taffy says without reviewing her notes, nodding with a stern face. “They have changed the game plan, again.”
“Something else, not new! I know, I get a new idea here. We kidnap Tulu and then go back home to South Beach.” Hixson states then chews the crackers turning and nods to McCamy.
“We stay!” Taffy turns and nods to Baycliff.
Baycliff winks then states to Taffy. “Yeah, we stay!”
McCamy shakes his newly cropped blonde-tinted curls on his bone skull saying with a stern face back to Taffy. “Look! We’ve stayed and scouted out here, within Metro City Birmingham, hiding out, inside this nasty basement space, for two whole days and nights, Taffy. We can’t find any type of sign or signs of a threat or threats to my girl Tulu.”
“Baycliff is your threat, hoss! He cozies up to Tulu, during each dance of night or night of dance or every dance.” Rusk turns and winks to Baycliff sipping then swallows his cold beverage, burping out loud then laughs along with Hixson.
Taffy gasps in shock and then shouts, “Baycliff!” She turns and views him.
Baycliff states with a nod, “Yeah! I got painted up as Hawk man this dance round too. Squawk! Squawk!” He burps out loud, after finishing the cold beverage.
McCamy turns and sneers at Baycliff stating with a deadly timber, “Yeah! And you looked a little too comfy, over there, holding my girl.” He continues to growl at his childhood friend Baycliff.
Baycliff pitches the empty metal beverage container down on top of the semi-dirty floor and states with a smile to McCamy. “Yeah! I followed your obtuse instructions, snot-hole. Hold her close!”
Rusk and Hixson swiftly stand upright from their seat and then face each other hugging their bodies very close, like a dance, while wildly chuckling. They start to sway sideways without the musical notes. Taffy laughs. Baycliff snorts. McCamy sneers at the two silly teens.
Baycliff watches the dancing pair and narrates with a smile, “Whisper in her ear. Lead like a gentleman. Act like a jackass.” Rusk pulls back then slams his palm into the smooth cheekbone on Hixson leaving a red imprint for both a visual and vocal illustration. Baycliff laughs as McCamy chuckles.
Hixson back steps from the fist impact then gasps in shock and gingerly touches his stinging cheekbone with a loud grunt, swiftly tackling a laughing Rusk. Both of them fall down and then land on top of the semi-dirty floor rug, trying to pound a fist into each other’s skull.
Baycliff leans back into the cushions sounding with loud laughter and enjoys the rough fight between Rusk and Hixson. He nods with a smile, “Yeah! Now, she even wants me to call her, Tulu, sweetheart.” McCamy swiftly stands upright and sounds with a deadly sneer warning, before killing Baycliff, stomping his boot toe towards the teen.
Taffy swiftly dashes ahead from the table then halts standing in front of a taller, muscular McCamy, blocking his vicious frontal attack on a sitting snot-hole Baycliff. She fingers McCamy back down into the ratty chair using her girly growl. McCamy re-seats and continues to growl and eye burns at a sitting smart-hole Baycliff.
Baycliff wiggles into the seat cushions then laughs winking with a smile to McCamy. “Yeah! You can become Hawk man, tomorrow night, during the dance competition, bro. I’ll be last in line, instead of first.”
McCamy exhales with worry for his girl and his friends turning and stares at Taffy, saying with a stern face. “I wanna be gone from here by tomorrow night. Taffy, there’s no direct threat to my girl Tulu. And she will never become picked for that single Apprenticeship post as she’ll be back home with me and us.”
Taffy slowly back pedals from the furniture pieces and McCamy then stops standing in the middle of the room, exhaling with worry for her sister. She states with a stern face, “The threat includes all the South Beachers, here, not just Tulu.”
McCamy frowns. “Someone, come here and tell her, please! So, we can all go home and end this charade. Our parents are deeply depressed and frantically worried sick about our two misplaced, non-burnt bodies, Taffy.”
Rusk and Hixson separate from the ground fight and then sit down in the same place wiping the nasty muck off their clothes, sounding with laughter of amusement.
Baycliff nods with a stern face to his childhood friends. “Fake deaths. Fake funeral. Fake Apprentices. I believe Taffy. Hico changes the Apprenticeship’s plans every day. You don’t change plans every day, unless you’re plain stupid or plain hiding something. Just because Tulu wasn’t touched tonight, doesn’t mean it won’t be tomorrow night. Yeah, there’s something strange going on here, McCamy. I wanna find it along with Taffy.”
“How long does the Apprenticeship Program last? I’ve been asking that same, solo question, since the beginning. And no person has an answer to that same, solo question. Or no one wants to answer that same, solo question. Or no one knows the answer to that same, solo question. Period!” Rusk turns and nods with a stern face to Baycliff. McCamy frowns in silence while Hixson eats a second pack of crackers with his dripping mouth drool.
Taffy exhales with worry then states to her friends. “That’s another clue, right there! Hico runs this show, creating his show, for a very specific reason. I wanna know what, why, where, when, and how. The Apprenticeship Program has been running for five years, every new year, in the cold month of January, since the year 2076. Where is the location of all the previous sixteen-year-old female teens now? What other Metro City campus employs them? If they are all employed by another Colony, within the newly established Colonies of the U.S.A., why don’t we have an Apprentice working with your father, Baycliff? He’s the sheriff and one of the leaders at the South Beach Colony. And my final question, when will this Apprenticeship Program stop? The answer is never, until we stop it.”
McCamy exhales with confusion and shakes his bone skull stating with a stern face. “Taffy, that’s all great and good! But it’ll take us days, weeks, and months to answer all of your posed intellectual social, civil and academic questions. I suggest here that you go and contact Hico, get an appointment, and pose all of your excellent unanswered questions to him. We have an open government or something like that.”
Baycliff nods with a stern face lifting the hand-held tiny machine, shaking the device near his jaw line. “I know why Tulu is here. And I don’t like it. And that’s why I’m here. But why are four South Beachers present here, McCamy? Kodare shanghaied those teen girls from their parents using this little device, a new mini-television set, getting them here inside Metro City Birmingham for the Apprenticeship Program. Hico can’t possibly provide enough employment work jobs for all of those teens. What’s up with that, McCamy?”
McCamy exhales with worry then states with a nod. “You heard Hico’s words also. The dance competition offers only one Apprentice spot. Both of you’ll are making a mountain out of a few mole holes. I got a new idea. We grab my girl Tulu and then get outta of here, going back home to South Beach.”
She shakes her short pixie curls with a stern face. “No! We stay!” She slaps her chest and nods with a smile. “I’m entering the dance competition.” Baycliff gasps in shock. McCamy shakes his skull, in silence. Rusk nods with a smile, in silence.
Hixson swallows the food then frowns at Taffy, “Uh! I’m not rocking the boat here, Captain. I think…”
“No!” Taffy stomps ahead then stops in front of the row of ratty furniture pieces, jabbing her unpolished fingernail at Hixson, saying with a sour frown. “I think here, cowboy! I’m the brains! I’m the smart one! I’m the strong one! I’m the Plan Mistress!” She slaps her dirty shirt and wears a sour tone. “I planned our fake deaths. I planned our escape from the fissure. I planned our entrance into the Apprenticeship Program. I planned everything! Now, I plan to enter the Apprenticeship Program,” she nods with a smirk, in silence, crossing her arms, staring at McCamy.
“We stay!” Rusk nods with a smile to Taffy. McCamy exhales with annoyance and worry in silence.
“Shore, Taffy!” Baycliff states the nods several times to Taffy.
Hixson states with a confused brow. “How are you going to enter a dance, without Tulu seeing you, Taffy?” He finishes the beverage and then burps out loud.
McCamy states with a confused brow. “The better question here! How are you going to dance, when the competition is filled with all of the invited dancers?”
Rusk winks and states to Taffy. “Awe! That’s so easy! You go and beat up an ugly one, hoss! Then your problem is solved. Now, I would suggest…”
“Naw!” Baycliff states and shakes his newly cropped blonde-colored hair roots wearing with a confused brow to Taffy. “I can’t beat a girl up for doing nothing to me. Now, if she decides to bust my pretty nose holes, then I’d pop her girly jaw, like Lyford did that time,” he turns with a smile to see his childhood friend Rusk. “Do you remember that big ugly kid, Rusk?”
“Well then, you can charm her wits!” Rusk laughs.
“That takes too long!” Baycliff states with a worried brow then exhales with frustration looking down at the dirty floor.
Taffy rolls her eyeballs then looks back, uncrossing her arms, swiftly advancing towards Baycliff and then stops. She leans down and reaches out grabbing each one of his smooth cheekbones, planting her wet kiss on top of his soft pink lips, holding on for three seconds. She releases his lips then stands upright slowly back stepping, breathing in heavy pants of oxygen. She states, “Go and do exactly that to one of the South Beach girls! Then you go and take her back home to South Beach while I take her place here tomorrow night.” Each male teen sounds with hardy laughter of amusement.
“Let’s go and pick you a pretty one, hoss!” Rusk laughs out loud and swiftly stands upright from the ratty chair.
“Not Tulu! No one never, ever touches my girl!” McCamy shouts out his warning and swiftly stands upright from his ratty chair turning to face the closed door, shaking his bone skull. He leads from the basement room into an empty cold concrete hallway back to the living quarter with childish bunk beds within the Bull Pen setting.
Now, the basement space is quiet without the loud music coming from Hixson’s mini-television device.
“Shore!” Baycliff continues to sit and wipes off his wet lips with the back of his hand smiling at Taffy. “Yeah! Shore there, Taffy!” He slowly stands upright from his ratty chair while still smiling and nodding to Taffy, scooting around her upright body. He sounds with a soft chuckle slowly moving ahead towards the open archway and wears a silly grin. An array of soft chuckles echo throughout the secret hallway as the sound slowly moves down towards the secret exit door.
“Boys!” She exhales with annoyance then spins around slamming the door shut.
June 5th Friday


Day Two
Dance Competition

Underground basement setting
05:49 p.m.
Cold temperatures, gray sky without bright stars


The closed door slams open.
McCamy enters first into the basement room and wears the infamous Hawk bite-nats mask over his natural face and a black-tinted, sleeveless, shirtless vest barely touching the top waistline on a pair of matching black-tinted tight dance pants The tight dance pants are tucked down into his pair of worn but polished black and brown tinted cowboy boots. He de-masks into the colors of black, brown, and yellow and stops in front of Taffy then lifts up a paper letter near his loud sneer.
Taffy quickly loses her Chick bite-nats face mask and presents the dry colors in bright yellow, dull black, and stark white paint on her stunned face while parting her lips. She displays a yellow-tinted, ankle-length, sleeveless ballgown and a pair of high heeled fashion sandals. She sounds with a gasp then looks down at the semi-dirty floor, then her open backpack and finally returns back to see McCamy. She reaches out for the paper letter and says with a lady sneer. “That’s my property!”
He pulls back the paper from her arm length and presents a low growl, “How interesting! Since it contains the name, Baycliff, on the first printed line, the letter comes from his beau Amita.”
Rusk, Hixson, and Baycliff appear and stop forming a line, standing in front of Taffy. Each South Beach teen stands at the same height and weight possessing a head of cropped blonde-tinted hair stands and a black-tinted vest with a pair of matching tight dance pants but an individual pair of polished colorful cowboy boots, not the sissy black leather dance shoes. Rusk presents a face of solid black dry bite-nats paint with bright yellow-tinted rings around both of his natural eye sockets, without wearing his Panther bite-nats face mask.
Hixson wears dull red bite-nats dried paint over his natural face with horizontal strikes of black, yellow and gray, without presenting his Hyena bite-nats face mask.
Baycliff displays slashes of dry bite-nats paint in the colors of dull yellow, dark black, and stark white, not wearing his Tiger bite-nats face mask.
Rusk stands beside his brother McCamy sounding with a gasp then reaches over, jerking the letter from McCamy’s hand while silently reading each word. He looks up with a loud sneer to see Taffy and then hands the paper letter to Hixson for a visual inspection also.
“It’s time for your personal confession here, Taffy! Why are we still staying and playing here? Why are we here, at all?” McCamy says with a snarl.
Baycliff moves ahead from the cowboy line then spins around standing beside Taffy, facing his three childhood friends. He exhales with a huff of worry then explains with his stern face. “I’m trying to find my girl Amita. She came here last year, during the Apprenticeship Program, to reside here, for her work job. However, she has moved or hasn’t been seen by any eyeballs, since the Apprenticeship Program.”
McCamy turns then growls at Baycliff then states. “You…you risked my girl Tulu to find a…a ghost!”
Taffy lifts both of her arms in the air and says with a lady snarl back to McCamy. “Look! Something else strange is happening here, McCamy, within Metro City Birmingham. Hico and the others, they benefit…”
“…been conducting these silly dance contests for the previous four years,” McCamy yells at her then tosses both of his arms in the air wearing a sour frown, dropping both of his arms and slaps his legs. “I can’t believe that I’ve been a pawn, a pasty, a pushover. I think...”
“Do not think, bro!” Hixson states and stares at both Taffy and Baycliff then exhales with his teenly feelings of anger, betrayal, and deceive, too.
McCamy points at Taffy and then slaps his chest saying with a stern face, “Taffy, we, that’s you and me! We are in big trouble here for a set of fake deaths plus a set of fake funerals, for a set of black words on a white sheet of paper!” He spins away from Taffy and lifts both of his arms, slamming his shifting body into his brother, sounding with a loud sneer then drops both of his arms slapping his legs. He swiftly advances ahead towards the open archway yelling to everyone, “We’re all going back home, right now. I wish you good luck in whatever you need to find here, Taffy. You’re lookout, Hixson! Rusk stands, waits, and watches for the movement of Tulu! Then, we grab my girl and we all escape out the backdoor tunnel and travel back to our home in South Beach.” He exits the room and stomps down the long hallway. Hixson drops the letter on the floor then spins around to face the open archway following behind McCamy too. McCamy does not heard the footsteps from two parties then shouts out loud, “Rusk!”
“That was a very dangerous and foolish game, Taffy!” Rusk shakes his bone skull then exhales with worry for Taffy, his brother, and his friends.
“Thanks for getting me this far, Rusk!” She nods with a stern face. Hixson and McCamy continue to advance down the long hallway.
“Rusk!” The voice of McCamy echoes inside the long hallway. McCamy needs Rusk’s help to extract Tulu from the rest of unsuspecting Apprentice girls, before the two lines of females march into the Dance Hall for the second night of competition.
Rusk slowly back pedals from both Taffy and Baycliff and presents a sour frown to Taffy then spins around exiting the basement room also, in silence.
Taffy spins around and stands in front of Baycliff reaching out and touches his collar bone. She nods with a worried brow. “We’ll find her together! They did what they could. Let them go back home to South Beach. She is here, Baycliff. I believe her words in her letter too.”
Baycliff leans over and hugs Taffy pulling back with a worried brow, saying into her face with a soft whisper. “Maybe, you should go ahead and leave here too, Taffy. Rusk’s right. This is a dangerous place for you here at Metro City Birmingham with the dictatorship of Dictator Hico.”
She gasps in shock and shakes her pixie hair curls. “No! My promise is for both her and you. Go back up into the Bull Pen arena, with the other dances, before you’re missed. I’m heading upstairs. I’m going to replace my sister Tulu, before they find an Apprentice missing, and then we’ll all be discovered.” He leans over and hugs Taffy against his naked chest, again, planting his wet kiss on her yellow-painted cheekbone.
Outside the dark hallway, Rusk stands then swiftly backs away from the door crack between the wooden frame and the door frame, wearing a stern face, spying on girlfriend Taffy and his childhood friend Baycliff. He exhales with worry for the both of them then spins around quickly dashing back down the cold, secret hallway.



Thirty minutes later…

Bull Pen setting
Superintendent Kodare
North Ridge Mountain Colony
06:22 p.m.


Inside the practice dance hall of dull pearl white tint, a line of male dancers stands upright and faces a row of rusty lockers on the entrance wall. The rear wall exhibits a single beaten up and rotten white tinted wood that leads into a practice dance floor. The entrance door is closed.
Superintendent Kodare appears like his line of male dancers but older. He possesses a head of cropped blonde-tinted hair strands, a pair of blue eyes, and a tone of bronze-tinted skin, compliments of the bite-nats paint. He holds a small canister of bite-nats paint and a tiny paint brush.
Kodare stands in front of the first male dancer and says with a smile. “Flip down your arm!” He leans over drawing a thin hollow outline, like a straight pen, and then thickens the middle with a heavy glob of pale blue-tinted bite-nats paint.
The first dancer wears a Tiger bite-nats face mask and looks down at the painted art work inside his inner forearm, rumbling with a sexy baritone timber. “What’s this thing?”
Kodare continues to stare down at his pale blue paint job sounding with short laughter then explains to the stupid teen. “It’s called a blade. Haven’t you ever seen a blade before, Zapata?”
The same dancer sneers first then says. “Yeah, I’ve seen a blade before,” he closes both of his eyelids then mentally performs the think object: blade. The pale blue paint glitters first then creates a single flash blade forming inside the meat on his lower arm, covering his palm upwards towards the crook of his elbow. The flash blade measures eight inches in length shining underneath the bright overhead lights. Tiger flips the solid blade in the air and then catches the weapon by the hilt pointing the sharp pointy tip at the bronze-colored nose bridge on Kodare, sounding with a sneer. He says with deadly timber, “My name’s Baycliff, not Zapata.”
An older mature Kodare wisely jerks backwards from the true tip on the blade then snarls into the Tiger mask on Baycliff, saying with a stern face. “You don’t frighten me, Zapata!” Loud sniggers echo within the room coming from each teen dancer. He stands upright then sneers at the line of younger and stronger teen males, shouting with an angry face. “All of you are called Zapata, which means, brother, for the obvious reason. All of you are mine! And all of you better remember that concept too!” He sidesteps then halts in front of a black-tinted Panther bite-nats mask, sniffing the sweet odor, exclaiming his distaste. “Your body smells!”
The male dancer in the Panther mask leans over and sneers into the face of Kodare replying back. “And you kiss your mama too!”
“Wash that odor off your body, right now!” Kodare demands.
Panther stands upright and presents a grin lifting up his muscular arm, sniffing one of his hairy arm pits. He drops his arm down to his side and then chuckles to Kodare exclaiming with delight. “I like it! My smell makes all the girls crazy.” Loud sniggers echo throughout the room.
Kodare slowly sidesteps to the next male without challenging another smart-hole male dancer hailing from the North Ridge Mountain Colony. Fifteen minutes ago, two different North Riders entered the Bull Pen setting then quit the dance competition but not before threatening to beat Kodare into a pile of dog poop, if they didn’t get their monies tonight for their dancing fee. Kodare quickly paid them their monies and then they left the Bull Pen furniture pieces intact and Kodare alone.
Within the same line, the fifth male dancer stares down with a frown at his painted arm expressing to Kodare. “It looks funny with one arm painted, Kodare. Someone might get suspicious.”
“My mark of greatness for the North Ridge Riders!” Kodare says then laughs alone.
The same dancer lifts his arm near his jaw line without creating the physical flash blade and explains to his superintendent. “It looks like a tattoo! But I guarantee you that one of Swamplanders will notice it. You need to give us two tattoos for the price of one, Kodare!” He laughs with his fellow North Riders.
Kodare stares down at the painted arm on the Rider and says with a smile, “Mm! That’s a great idea. Twice as nice! Twice the prize! You think big which means your rewards will be bigger.” He leans down with a chuckle then paints a second bite-nats pale blue outline inside the other muscular arm on the same dancer, slowly moving down the line and then doubles back with a second paint job. He back steps from his row of dancers standing against the entrance wall, saying with a smile. “This is the first night of our true competition. This is the first night of our true victory. This is the first night of the true rule, within the Apprenticeship Program.”
Tiger/Baycliff watches Kodare then leans over whispering into the eardrum on his childhood friend Rusk. “Taffy is right, Rusk. Hico has changed the rules again and it doesn’t sound nice.”
Panther mask represents Rusk, who whispers back to Tiger/Baycliff. “Stay sharp, bro!”
In front of the line of dancers, Kodare performs the think object: mask. His painted brown and yellow bite-nats face becomes a Monkey mask and as he stares at each bite-nats painted mask, consisting of Lion, Tiger, Panther, Tasmanian devil, and the other dead mammals that used to live on the planet, before three Nuclear Wars. He nods with a silly grin within his Monkey mask expressing to his dancers. “Yesterday, you were a lowly paid escort for a female Apprentice. Tonight, consider yourself part of this new deadly competition,” he points down to his own painted arm in pale blue glittering bite-nats paint. “This is your victory. This is your weapon,” he fingers his own Monkey mask then swiftly de-masks the object, laughing out loud then announces. “The first Apprentice that un-masks on the dance floor, you kill dead!” Loud hoots erupt.







Pig Pen setting
Superintendent Doboil
Swamp Island Colony
06:33 p.m.

Five years ago, the lovely reception room was painted in dull brown hue. Now, each wall has faded over the cold winter years into a dull yellow tint within a narrow, rectangular-shaped space holding a long row of rusty blue tinted personal lockers on the entrance wall. The rear wall exhibits a single beaten and rotten white wooden door leading into a practice dance floor for Doboil’s use only. The two side walls possess dull yellow paint, without a piece of art work or a glass window. And the entrance door is closed.
Doboil wears a sharp business suit in brown hue, a matching dress shirt, a pair of matching leather shoes, and a brightly colored orange tinted necktie. His hair roots are painted in orange hue. Yellow and black streaks slash sideways within his Fox bite-nats face mask. He slowly paces side to side cupping both of his wrist bones behind his back spine, saying with a smile down to the floor. “The prize is more important for you, your family, and your life. Remember that! Hico has slightly adjusted the rules, within the Apprenticeship Program. The last male or female dancer standing and holding his or her bite-nats mask intact will receive the grand prize. Period!” He stops then faces a line of his teen male dancers, consisting of his brave Swamplanders, who wear a bite-nats face mask, such like, Alligator, Snake, Coyote, Dinosaur, Scorpion, Lizard, and the other swamp or desert dead animals that used to live on the planet, before the destruction of three Nuclear Wars.
Doboil also understands the physical lack of height and weak state of strength, when each Swamplander is compared to a tough and taller Rider. However, each Swamplander possesses die-hard determination and personal Free Will. He says with a smirk. “Good luck, Swamplanders!” Each dancer is dressed in white-tinted, sleeveless, shirtless vest, exposing a pale-tinted naked chest, a pair of white-tinted dancer pants, and a matching pair of dancer shoes as each one loudly cheers with a victory sign, within Pig Pen.



Art Gallery setting
Superintendent Vovina
South Beach Colony
06:40 p.m.

Vovina stands in front of the room with numerous rows of chop block tables holding a pretty teenage female, compliments of bite-nats paint, of course. She wears a pink and gray tinted Mouse bite-nats face mask on her face surrounded by a set of dangling curls of red tinted hair strands, a crimson-colored, shoulder-less gown, a pair of matching silk elbow gloves, a ruby necklace and a matching ruby wrist bone bracelet. Her lips are painted in bright red hue.
She smiles at each decorated Apprentice. “Apprentices, each one of you look beautiful tonight. Each girl has performed excellently, and your parents are very proud too. I am proud also. There is no eliminator within our group of twenty girls. Of course, we have seen only two Apprentices and four male dancers gone from the Apprenticeship Program, after two nights. This is the first time and night that we have allowed both invited guests and family members to view the Apprenticeship Program along with the first-time live-feed visual scene on our new tiny device, shaped like an ancient mini-television set, during the ancient times.” She waves her hand and grins while encouraging her girls. “Do the best you can with your dance steps! You will not be graded on your accurate dance movements but maintaining your lovely creation of the combined bite-nats gown and face mask. I recalled during the dance practice last night that some of you were concentrating on other things instead of dancing,” she chuckles and then says with a sour frown. “Hold your thought! This is a gentle reminder. If you cannot maintain your painted bite-nats face mask during the dance competition, then you will not be standing upright at the end of the dance competition. I promise you that true statement. Thus, you will be eliminated permanently from the Apprenticeship Program. Does each one of you understand my instructions?”
Each painted bite-nats face mask nods in silence back to Vovina and is represented with a barnyard animal, such like, Kitten, Dog, Horse, Cow, Lamb, Chick, and the other mellow farm animals that are long dead from the series of three Nuclear Wars.


Power Room setting
Superintendent Starbe
Grand Rock Valley Colony
06:51 p.m.

The square-shaped room had once been painted in bright orange. After numerous harsh winters, the paint has faded down into the hot pink tone on three solid walls. One of the side walls holds an elevated platform stage with a ratty patched black tinted hanging curtain drape dangling down from the ceiling covering the rest of the wall paint.
The interior of the room displays numerous rows of wooden chop blocks, which is similar to the Art Galley setting, but this room is dubbed the Power Room.
The entrance wall displays a double-wide closed door between rows of individual mounted cleaning hoses to wash off the used and abused fun bite-nats paint.
The forward wall displays one single chop block, where Superintendent Starbe stands and stares at her Apprentices, saying with a stern face and a firm tone. “This night of competition is fierce, fiery, violent, swift, and deadly, if you do not maintain your bite-nats face mask. I will repeat that again. Hold your thought! Think object: mask.” She presses both of her nervous hands down her golden-tinted, sequined-covered, sleeveless slip dress and then reaches up touching her golden-colored throat necklace that compliments her tawny and white-tinted Giraffe bite-nats face mask. She moves a pair of brown lips explaining to her girls. “As you know, we represent two Colonies, like Vovina and her group of twenty Apprentices. So far, we have lost one Apprentice from the Grand Rock Valley Colony, leaving a total of nine teens. And we have sacrificed one girl from the Swamp Island Colony, leaving a total of nine girls. But do not fret here! We are strong with lot of eighteen beautiful and smarter Apprentices and we are stronger than the other twenty girls, within Vovina’s group.” The girls sound with a loud cheer.
Starbe shares. “Look around and memory each face mask, on your fellow Apprentice! That’s very important tonight. Also, tonight, the group of male dances will be dressed in two separate colors. The North Ridge male dancers will exhibit the black dancing attire. Your personal Swamplander escort will be colored in white that blends nicely into their pale glowing skin. Do not dance with any of the males in a black tinted vest! He and his female Apprentice have been labeled our deadly competition tonight. So now, you know your new foes! Are we really for the challenge ahead of us, Apprentices?” The row of face masks, such as, Kangaroo, Flamingo, Deer, Dove, Duck, Raccoon, and the other colorful faces perform an individual head nod and then sound with another loud cheer of victory.
Starbe smiles behind her Giraffe mask then expresses with delight. “Excellent! Please, lead me towards the Dance Hall! Hico is waiting for us!” The first girl in the rear row swings around and exits the Power Room leading her friends. Starbe follows last while softly chuckling with delight.


Dance Hall location
07:01 p.m.


The dance hall setting appears dark but loud. The live audience sits in the dark and inside rows of hard bleacher seats while making lots of noise.
“Bring out the dancers!” Hico shouts within his blood-red tinted Bull bite-nats face mask and stands on the edge of the stage platform within the darkness. He wears a blood-red tinted business suit, a white tinted dress shirt and a matching bowtie, and a pair of blood-red tinted leather shoes. His face mask displays two golden tinted horns on his forehead, a matching nose ring, and an individual golden-tinted round-shaped earring on each bull’s ear point.
The two door keepers stand beside each door frame and then reaches out slowly opening the beaten up and rotten two doors. The outside hallway light creeps first onto the dark dance floor.
A single spot light wildly dances across the black and white granite dance floor, without a dancer. A loud rock and roll musical song starts to blast throughout the air waves as the overhead lamps power to display an empty dance floor.
The musical song Eye of the Tiger was recorded by American musical band Survivor, in the month of June, in the year 1982. The members of the musical band included James “Jim” M. Peterik (backup vocals; keyboards and songwriter); Frank “Frankie” Michael Sullivan (guitar); Dave Bickler (lead vocal; keyboards); Marc Droubay (drummer) and Stephan Ellis (bass guitar). The musical song was created for the Hollywood movie film Rocky III featuring Hollywood superstar movie film actor Sylvester Stallone.


Rising up, back on the street
Did my time, took my chances
Went the distance, now I’m back on my feet
Just a man and his will to survive

So, many times, it happens too fast
You change your passion for glory
Don’t lose your grip on the dreams of the past
You must fight just to keep them alive

It’s the eye of the tiger
It’s the thrill of the fight
Rising up to the challenge of our rival
And the last known survivor
Stalks his prey in the night
And he’s watching us all with the eye of the tiger

Face to face, out in the heat
Hanging tough, staying hungry
They stack the odds, ‘til we take to the street
For the kill with the skill to survive

It’s the eye of the tiger
It’s the thrill of the fight
Rising up to the challenge of our rival
And the last known survivor
Stalks his prey in the night
And he’s watching us all with the eye of the tiger

Rising up straight to the top
Had the guts, got the glory
Went the distance, now, I’m not going to stop
Just a man and his will to survive

It’s the eye of the tiger
It’s the thrill of the fight
Rising up to the challenge of our rival
And the last known survivor
Stalks his prey in the night
And he’s watching us all with the eye of the tiger
The eye of the tiger
The eye of the tiger
The eye of the tiger
The eye of the tiger


The live audience stands and sways to the music while wildly cheering with hand claps, lip whistles, and foot stomps for the group of teen dancers.
An individual line with twelve female Apprentices elegantly flow through each open archway.
Two lines with twelve male dancers depart from the rear wall and then strut down the side steps from the stage platform, slowly moving down onto the dance floor.
A line of females forms and faces the stage platform with Hico and the four Superintendents. An individual male scoots around and then selects the proper female based on last night’s secret information with her new bite-nats face mask. The two rows, each with a dancer, spins to face each other. The rock and roll musical tune stops.
The musical notes from playing trumpets toot and clanking cymbals ting together.
Each female gracefully curtseys and as each male respectfully bows. Then each dancer stands upright wearing a happy smile, waiting for the new song for the upcoming first dance.






Metro City Birmingham staff members wear a face mask comprising:

Bull: Hico
Fox: Doboil
Mouse: Vovina
Monkey: Kodare
Giraffe: Starbe



20 North Ridge Mountain Rider males wear a face mask comprising:

Panther: Rusk
Tiger: Baycliff
Lion
Tasmanian devil
Wolf
Buffalo
Bat
Bear
Buck deer
Mountain Cougar
Elephant
Other Land mammal face masks



18 Swamp Islander males wear a face mask comprising:

Gator
Snake
Coyote
Dinosaur
Scorpion
Lizard
Rat
Shark
Killer Whale
Octopus
Seal
Other Sea mammal face masks


Four (4) South Beach females wear a face mask comprising:

Chick: Taffy
Kitten: Kiwi
Butterfly: Pemona
Peacock: Una



16 North Ridge Mountain females wear a face mask comprising:

Cow: Brazoria
Puppy: Atoka
Dolphin: Jellico
Horse: Ocee
Lamb: Etta
Swan
Zebra
Other Farm mammal face masks



Nine (9) Swamp Islander females wear a face mask comprising:

Starfish
Ostrich
Goldfish
Kangaroo
Flamingo
Owl
Duck
Goose
Other Fowl mammal face masks


Nine (9) Grand Rock Valley females wear a face mask comprising:

Dove
Doe deer
Raccoon
Other Forest mammal face masks



Each Dance Judge wears a painted bite-nats mask comprising:

Bee
Wasp
Ant
Cricket
Moth
Tick
Flea
Spider
Cockroach
Beetle
Other ugly black and gray tinted Insect face masks



Inside the dance hall, on top of the elevated stage platform, Hico continues to stand on the edge and screams out loud, “Stop!” The musical cadence stops. The live audience sounds with a low moan. He back steps from the edge of the stage then wiggles the two bull horns while sounding with a loud chuckle. He exhales with a big breath of sour odor then states with a smile. “I have decided.”
On top of the dance floor, Tiger/Baycliff leans over and wraps both his arms around the bare shoulders on Chick/Taffy while whispering into her eardrum. “Riders have painted a set of twin flash blades on each lower forearm.” Taffy stiffs with fear. He feels her tense and then whispers. “Hold your thought! Think object: mask.” Taffy quickly relaxes and then leans into his naked chest, exhaling with deep worry in silence.
On top of the stage, Hico grins. “The Apprenticeship Program should not be limited and then awarded to one lonely teen.” The live audience members cheer out loud hearing Hico’s words. He says. “The Apprenticeship Program should be earned by every teenager on the dance team, representing their entire Colony.” The audience members scream out loud hearing Hico’s words.
“The Apprenticeship Program should reward both all the winning teens and their personal home Colony,” He grins with an evil smile. The audience members holler louder. Hico announces, “Please, show us the new score board!” He points towards the top of the side wall with ripped and torn wallpaper of tiny lavender flowers.
The four confused Superintendents, two rows of puzzled dancers, and the eager audience members all view a large rectangular-shaped box. The box brightens through the torn and exposed wallpaper material. The electronic board displays four individual boxes labeled with the name of each Colony in bright red letters: South Beach, North Ridge, Swamp Island, and Grand Rock. The audience members cheer wildly.
Hico points down to the dance floor and says with a smile. “There are the four Colonies, present here tonight, consisting of South Beach, a colony of land farmers.” The audience members sounds with a set of loud boos.
He states with a disappointing frown. “Now! Now! Let us all be a good sportsmen and sportswomen here!” The audience members softly clap without the loud cheers.
He laughs then says with a smile. “The second colony is the North Ridge Mountain Colony.” The audience members wildly cheer and clap.
“The third colony is the Swamp Island Colony.” More cheers and claps come from the audience.
The final colony is the home of the Grand Rock Valley Colony.” The audience members start to wildly cheer, hand clap, lip whistle and foot stomp. Hico points back up to the electronic score board and shouts over the loud noise to the controller, who sits and monitors the box board behind the side wall. “Please, show us, the scores on the box board!” An individual green tinted light displays the numeric number “00” within each lighted box underneath the name of each Colony. He states with a smile. “Normally, one single winner receives one single prize.” The audience member start to sound with loud boos.
He says with a head nod. “However, my new rule encompasses many more than a single winner of the Apprenticeship Program, tonight, which will…must include all of their fellow teens and the entire Colony of friends, neighbors, and families. Do you agree with me?” The audience members start to sway and dance while wildly cheering. He motions his hand for quiet. The audience obliges. He sings with a grin, “Hmm! I believe we shall…must award prizes to both the winning the team of teens and their entire home Colony.” The audience members excessively sound with loud cheers, hand claps, lip whistles, and foot stomps.
He points to the opposite side wall away from the electronic score board shouting over the noise. “Please, show us, the grand prize for each winning team of teens and their winning home Colony, on the other side wall.”
On the opposite side wall, the ripped and torn wallpaper burns sideways and then reveals a new hole. Inside the new hole, a newly built-in wooden shelf slowly steers ahead and then stops underneath a row of bright lights. On top of the wooden shelf, rows of individual bite-nats clear container tubes both shine and sparkle with an individual color of red, orange, green, blue, purple, yellow, silver and gold.
“Bite-nats! Bite-nats! Bite-nats! Bite-nats!” All audience members chant in unison while flinging individual body parts to the left and then to the right and into their neighbor’s face and space, seeing the new fancy product that cannot be purchased at the local grocery store or in the dirt soil.
Hico performs several head nods wiggling the bull horns sounding with wild laughter, hearing and seeing at the wild audience members. He explains, “Bite-nats is the grand prize for the winner team of teens and their home Colony at the dance contest tonight,” he swings back to see the other side of the dance hall pointing at the score board. “Please, show the starting math number underneath each Colony name, on the score board please!” Each box displays a blue tinted number 1000 inside each box. He states with a smirk, “You see the maximum points of 1000 have been established for each Colony, marking the deadly competition.” The audience members wildly clap and cheer.
He lifts both of his palms near his jaw line without hitting the two sharp tips on the bull horns stating with a frown, “Wait! I have made a small error.” The audience member perform gasp in unison.
He drops both of his palms and then hits his legs explaining the new situation, “So far, each Colony contains an un-even number of teens.” The audience members perform a set of loud boos.
He shares, “But I have a solution!” The audience members sound with a combination of both boos and cheers.
He continues, “We can combine our forces.” The audience members continue to sound with a combination of both boos and cheers.
He tells, “How about we combine the Swamp Island Colony, which I shall label, as a team of Swamplanders, with the Grand Rock Valley Colony, which I shall label, as a team of Rockers?” The audience cheers.
He chuckles. “I do believe that is an excellent idea too. That would leave the South Beach Colony, which I shall label, as a team of Beachers, who will be paired with the North Ridge Mountain Colony, where I shall call, a team of Riders.” The audience member erupt into a combination of both boos and cheers.
He laughs with a single head nod then comments, “Well, we are, sorta, in agreement here. So, we have reached a new and fun dance solution. Please, adjust the electronic score board with my new decisions.” Hico views the side wall.
The score board blinks in black tint then illuminates displaying two individual boxes. The first box exhibits the name: Swamplanders/Rockers. The second box shows the name: Beachers/Riders. Each box contains a green tinted number: 2000.
He smiles at the new display. “Now, we see that each paired Colony exhibits 2000 points. That’s more than enough to win the grand prize of bite-nats. Don’t you think so too?” Hico views the audience. The audience members wildly perform loud screams and hand claps. 
He shares, “Now, I have a new rule here. The winner with the highest score wins. But that doesn’t make any sense to me.” The audience members perform laughter and nods their bone skulls.
He sings then smiles, “Hmm! If a competitor loses their bite-nats face mask, then the score board will deducts 20 points, which is 10 points for the Apprentice and 10 points for her dance partner, thus reducing the negative numbers from the total positive score of 2000. Therefore, the combined Colony with the most mathematical points displayed on the score board will win everything.” The audience members start to wildly hand clap and vocally cheer again.
He continues. “And the paired winning team of teens and the entire two Colonies with families, friends, and neighbors will receive a batch of new bite-nats also. I promise.” The audience members sound with an array of hand claps, wild cheers, lip whistles, and foot stomps. The shelf with rows of individual bite-nats tubes glitter on the side wall. Hico tosses both of his arms away from the two sharp bull horns yelling out loud. “Start the music!”
The classical musical waltz is entitled Blue Danube Waltz. A set of violins bow nicely lead into a dance waltz. The classical piece of musical notes were composed and written by musician Johann Strauss, in the year 1866..
On top of the black and white tinted dance floor, each pair of dancers swiftly scoots away from the row and then finds a new spot, slowly swaying side to side to the soft classical musical tune.
Near the entrance wall, the South Beach Apprentice wears a yellow and white Kitten bite-nats face mask, saying to the Panther bite-nats face mask. “Hi! My name is Kiwi. I have not danced with you before, but you are wearing Hixson’s bite-nats animal mask.” She smiles at the new dancer, who is not Hixson.
Panther mask frowns with his red tinted lips then replies to the female. “Did Dancer Hixson tell you his proper name, last dance, last night?”
She nods her mask and smiles in her pink lips. “Yeah, he did.”
“Well, that’s okay with me. Hang on! I’m a better dancer than two-left-feet Hixson.” Panther laughs out loud then slightly lifts twirling Kitten in the air as a new dancing pair flies on the floor, to the soft classical music.
She laughs during the swirling and twirling motion within the strong biceps on Panther in a set of small circles, saying with a smile. “You’re fun, Panther. What’s your name?”
“Rusk.”
Brazoria/Cow wears a long-sleeved, tight sheath gown in midnight blue hue stomping on the soft dance shoes of Lion and then back steps with a gasp slamming into her pointy elbow into Doe Deer. Doe Deer swiftly scoots way from Cow wearing an elegant black-tinted, one-shoulder ball gown and then gracefully pivots in a half-circle staring at the rear skull on Cow. She shouts out loud a set of nasty words.
Brazoria/Cow back steps again then shoves her pointy elbow into the rib cage on Doe Deer. Doe Deer gags in shock and then bows down at her tiny waistline, gasping for air molecules, looking down at the floor tiles. Her dance partner Snake reaches over and then shoves Cow away from the arms of Lion.
Brazoria/Cow shuffles away with a gasp of shock and then stops standing away from her dance partner. Lion rears back and then punches with his right hook in the face mask on Snake. Snake loses his mental thought causing his bite-nats mask to disappear, revealing a set of red, blue, silver and brown bite-nats dried paint colors.
Lion gasps in shock and stands in place then performs the think object: flash blade. Twin pale blue flash blades appear on both of his forearms as he grabs each flash blade with his cupped palm and lifts them near his jaw line striking down, cutting a bloody X-pattern across the naked chest on Snake. Snake quickly falls down and lands on his back spine hitting the hard granite dance floor, clutching his bleeding chest cavity with an exposed pumping red tinted heart organ. He exhales with his last breath of his teenly life.
Doe Deer stands upright and views the dead bloody male teen on top of the floor then folds down at her tiny waistline again, vomiting on top of the floor. She loses her mental thought. Her naked face is painted in a series of white, brown and black bite-nats dried colors.
Brazoria/Cow gasps in shock and stands in place performing the think object: flash blade. Her secretly painted-on pale blue colored flash blade materializes on her naked interior forearm. She rips off her long dress sleeve exposing her true weapon and grabs the deadly blade. She dashes ahead and slides into a stop reaching down, grabbing the red tinted hair roots on Doe Deer, lifting upright Doe Deer’s upper body. Brazoria/Cow slices her flash blade into the exposed neck muscles on Doe Deer. The body of Doe Deer slowly descends down hitting the hard dance floor, separating her body into two loud thumps.
Brazoria/Cow grins with her evil laughter staring down at the severed head and the bleeding body on a dead Doe Deer. She shouts with her victory, “O dear or deer or dead! What have I done here! I don’t know! But I like it! So, I wanna do some more, ya’ll!” She spins around with more vile laughter and dashes ahead towards another innocent female Apprentice, who dances with her male dancer.
On top of the elevated stage platform, Hico watches the first deadly attack involving four dancers then flings both of his arms in the air, signaling all the dance guards, shouting his new orders. “Bring the panels up right now! Change the musical song!”
A clear transparent wall panel elegantly jumps up from a hidden floor compartment in the air zipping upwards slamming into the ceiling tiles. The clear wall blocks all the audience members from leaping onto the dance floor, assisting each dancer or saving an Apprentice while staring at the deadly dance moves on top of the black and white granite floor. The audience members react performing an array set of boos, screams and cheers while banging onto the solid glass panel or the soft bone skull of their neighbor.
The classical musical tune stops playing and then the new musical song changes both the mood and the tempo beat of the teen dancers and the teenly atmosphere.
The musical song Beat It was recorded by American musical superstar artist and songwriter Michael Jackson, on February 14, 1983. The song was pulled from his sixth studio record album entitled Thriller released in the year 1982. The song was produced by Michael Jackson and Quincey Jones. His musical genre included Hard Rock and Dance Rock sounds.
The musical song is played in the musical key of E flat Minor at a fast tempo of 138 beats-per-minute.
The musical video and musical theme was inspired by his older brother Jermaine Jackson, when his family members experienced, in front of the living room window, three bad rumbles (fights) between two rival gang members, in the city of Gary, within the U.S. State of Indiana.
On the popular musical song, the fluttering squealing backbeat from the solo guitarist was played by Eddie Van Halen. He is the lead guitarist from the American Hard Rock musical band Van Halen.


They told him, “Don’t you ever come around here!”
“Don’t wanna see your face, you better disappear!”
The fire’s in their eyes and their words are really clear
So, beat it, just beat it

You better run; you better do what you can
Don’t wanna see no blood, don’t be a macho man
You wanna be tough, better do what you can
So, beat it, but you wanna be bad

Just beat it (beat it), beat it (beat it)
No one wants to be defeated
Showin’ how funky and strong is your fight
It doesn’t matter who’s wrong or right
Just beat it (beat it)
Just beat it (beat it)
Just beat it (beat it)
Just beat it (beat it, uh)

They’re out to get you, better leave while you can
Don’t wanna be a boy, you wanna be a man
You wanna stay alive, better do what you can
So, beat it, just beat it

You have to show them that you’re really not scared
You’re playing with your life, this ain’t no truth or dare
They’ll kick you, then they’ll beat you
Then they’ll tell you it’s fair
So, beat it, but you wanna be bad

Just beat it (beat it), beat it (beat it)
No one wants to be defeated
Showin’ how funky and strong is your fight
It doesn’t matter who’s wrong or right

Just beat it (beat it), beat it (beat it)
No one wants to be defeated
Showin’ how funky and strong is your fight
It doesn’t matter who’s wrong or right
Just beat it (beat it, beat it, beat it)
Beat it (beat it, beat it)

Beat it (beat it, beat it)
Beat it (beat it, beat it)

Beat it (beat it, beat it)
Beat it (beat it), beat it (beat it)
No one wants to be defeated
Showing how funky and strong is your fight
It doesn’t matter who’s wrong or right (who’s right)

Just beat it (beat it), beat it (beat it)
No one wants to be defeated (no one)
Showing how funky and strong is your fight
It doesn’t matter who’s wrong or right

Just beat it (beat it), beat it (beat it)
No one wants to be defeated (oh, no)
Showin’ how funky and strong is your fight
It doesn’t matter who’s wrong or right

Just beat it (beat it), beat it (beat it)
No one wants to be defeated
Showing how funky and strong is your fight
It doesn’t matter who's wrong or right

Just beat it (beat it), beat it (beat it)
No one wants to be defeated


Hico continues to stand on the edge of the stage platform sounding with loud laughter and enjoys the entertaining show.
On top of the clean dance floor, Brazoria/Cow rushes from behind, stops, standing at the back spine on Dinosaur, slicing her flash blade across his naked bicep and then over towards his naked back spine, ending on his other naked bicep. Her dark dress hemline and all her ten naked yellow tinted toenails become bathed in his splattering red-tinted blood proteins as she screams with her wickedly Apprentice victory.
Both a stunned and weakened Dinosaur drops down hitting the hard floor with a loud thump while blooding on the granite tiles and moans in pain. The other panicked female dancers stomp with a pair of spiked fashion heels on top of his fallen bloody body, unless he expires into his death day.
Brazoria/Cow scoots ahead then assaults his dance partner, a stunned and afraid Dove, cutting both of the girl’s arms and rib cage, feeling the hot blood proteins on both of her hands. Brazoria/Cow squats down in front of Dove.
Lion follows behind Cow sounding with an array of evil laughter then halts behind the big rump on Cow reaching out, stabbing his flash blade tip into the pumping heart on Dove. He jerks out his blade and her pumping heart slowly back stepping from the rump on Cow, dashing away with more vile laughter, displaying Dove’s bloody heart organ, for his victory. Dove swiftly tumbles down hitting the rump on Cow.
Brazoria/Cow drops down hitting the floor, sounding with a sneer then rolls sideways from a dead Dove, slowly standing upright in the puddles and covered in red blood proteins. She yells in delight and chases after Lion.
Lizard brands his two flash blades in the air cutting Owl across her painted dry bite-nats colors of brown, orange, and white face. Owl’s face is bleeding and her eyeballs are missing. Her body falls down in the white-tinted, ankle-length, plantation gown, landing on her face, breaking her nose holes. She cries and moans in pain.
Brazoria/Cow dashes ahead then stops stabbing her flash blade through the naked back spine on Lizard as the tip of her blade extends through his pumping heart organ. She jerks the blade backwards without the organ, sounding with a low moan of disappointment.
Superintendent Starbe/Giraffe races ahead from the stage platform then slams into the tall back spine on Brazoria/Cow shoving the evil teen girl away from an upright injured Lizard and a grounded injured Owl. Lizard drops down hitting the floor in his silent death. Brazoria/Cow stumbles sideways and sounds with a lady sneer spinning around to see Doboil/Fox.
Doboil/Fox stands with a growl reaching out, trying to grab the arm on Lion. Lion leans forward then perform a head-butt against Doboil/Fox. Doboil/Fox stumbles backwards then lands down on his back spine on top of the hard floor, exhaling in pain. Lion rushes ahead, leans down, and then stabs Doboil/Fox in the face, killing the adult male, jerking out the blade with an eyeball.
Starbe/Giraffe screams in fear and races into a head-on collision with Lion. Lion whips around and slashes both of his flash blades releasing Doboil’s eyeball in the air, cutting up her white and brown bite-nats face mask. Starbe/Giraffe drops down hitting the hard floor, holding her bloody face with missing human facial parts. She rolls sideways blooding down on the floor and screaming into her silent death day.
Taffy/Chick separates her dance moves from Baycliff/Tiger and swiftly dashes ahead towards a huddle of Apprentices, not wearing their individual bite-nats face mask of Swan, Goldfish, and Raccoon. Each Apprentice has become un-masked while standing in place, crying in panic, fear, and fright. Taffy/Chick stops and then kicks the back leg on Rat.
Rat tumbles to the side in pain without falling down on top of the hard floor, catching his balance, spinning around with a pair of twin flash blades in the face of Taffy/Chick. Taffy/Chick leans back and then gathers a mouth of her salvia, opening her lips, spitting into his painted Rat bite-nats face mask, since any type of wet liquid or water substance, including sour or fresh mouth spit will deactivate the bite-nats paint, exposing his face for a death kill.
Rat gasps in shock then reaches up wiping off her vile mouth spit, exposing half of his naked face. He slowly back steps from Taffy/Chick and spins around attacking the chest on Swan with both his twin flash blades. Swan screams out loud then dies in pain slumping down, hitting the bloody floor with a loud thump.
Taffy/Chick stares in horror at the murdered girl but doesn’t possess a killing weapon and can’t paint up a bite-nats flash blade for a death kill, on her naked skin either, deciding to save more of the girls. She leans down and grabs a metal folding chair from the judge’s table lifting the chair over her yellow-tinted bite-nats painted hair roots, slamming the chair at the back spine on Rat. Rat stumbles forward into the upright body on Horse.
Horse stumbles ahead then swings around shoving a shorter Rat backwards away from his taller body frame, sounding with a sneer. He leans down, grabbing up, slamming a second metal chair into un-masked bite-nats painted face on Rat. The foot pad on the metal chair lodges into the eyeball on Rat causing instantaneous death. Rat drops down and hits the floor on his back spine.
Horse stands over a dead Rat while howling in his teenly death victory. Then Horse falls down hitting the floor, on his face, wiggling both of his long arms and legs in pain.
Brazoria/Cow moves ahead then slams both of her spiked heels gridding down inside the back spine on Horse while jumping up and down on his body and finally hears his last breath of life, before death overtakes his soul. Brazoria/Cow continues to bounce up and down on top of the dead body and screams in her teenly death victory and then spins around looking for her next victim.
Rusk/Panther swiftly releases the dance hug on Kiwi/Kitten and sounds with a gasp dashing ahead, chasing after Shark then body slams into Bee. He back steps with a sneer saying to a shorter Bee. “You ain’t no male dancer here, snot-hole!”
The Bee bite-nats face mask possesses a set of yellow circles representing each eyeball and as the male voice laughs out loud then states with an evil tone. “So! But it all looks like fun, to me, cowboy!”
Rusk/Panther gasps in shock then views the side wall, where a table of dance judges were sitting and also were selected by Dictator Hico. He quickly comprehends the new dangerous situation. Then he returns back with his evil laughter and lifts up crossing both of his twin blades onto the naked, pale-tinted throat on Bee. Then the shorter body frame and the head roll separately away from a dead Bee landing in two different places on top of the hard dance floor with two separate soft thumps.
“X always marks the spot, dummy! Be more careful there, buddy!” Rusk/Panther chuckles at his nasty kill then races after the back spine on Shark leaping over a dead brown and yellow Coyote and a dead black, white and gray Moth, slamming into Tasmanian Devil. Rusk/Panther gasps, “You’re…”
“…dead…” Tasmanian Devil states then laughs with a mouth of yellow tinted fangs. “I know you. You’re not one of me, but a dead Panther face instead.”
Rusk/Panther ducks down to the side, avoiding one of the flying flash blades. His cupped hand catches the other flash blade from Tasmanian Devil shoving the tall teen from his body. Tasmanian Devil swiftly back steps then halts sounding with a sneer. Rusk/Panther slides down on his kneecaps swinging both of his twin blades at the kneecaps on Tasmanian Devil.
Tasmanian Devil falls backwards and then lands on top of the hard floor, at least, the upper body portion right above his two upright kneecaps. His kneecaps and two lower legs continue to stand upright on top of the hard floor, like a creepy new horror movie.
“O sorry! The devil made me do it.” Rusk/Panther slowly stands with his vile laughter then carefully back steps away from the creepy standing pair of the bloody lower legs on a dead Tasmanian Devil. He spins around dashing ahead to aid another victim.
Baycliff/Tiger dashes ahead to Taffy/Chick then collides, and finally hugs her body twirling Taffy/Chick to face the wall shelf, whispering into her eardrum. “The bite-nats tube is your only weapon for any of us to survive this dance fight!”
“Yeah!” Taffy/Chick yells.
He whips out his flash blade and leans down cutting her ankle-length gown at her kneecaps, so she can climb the wall to get a tube of bite-nats. Then Baycliff/Tiger and Taffy/Chick both performs the think object: paint. The twin pale blue flash blades morphs into pale blue paint at each interior forearm on Baycliff/Tiger.
He leans down and cups both of his palms. She stands inside his cupped hands and leans against his face. He lifts Taffy/Chick up towards the elevated shelf. She tosses one leg on the shelf climbing onto the platform and then stands. She leans over and grabs the purple-tinted tube of bite-nats paint, rocking the bottom side to side.  Finally, the upright tube tumbles over the edge landing down on top of the floor, spilling paint over the hard surface.
Taffy/Chick leaps in the air and then off the wooden shelf dropping down into the cupped arms on Baycliff/Tiger. He places her spiked bite-nats heels down on the outer edge of the spilled shiny, purple paint.
She reaches down and scoops an index finger pad of paint quickly drawing a semi-crooked straight line inside her anterior arm.  Next, she paints a large circle on her chest cavity with a thick glob of purple hue. Then she performs the think object: flash blade. A purple tinted flash blade appears on her arm as she grabs the physical object sounding with a lady sneer for the new upcoming fight. She places her free hand into the paint on her chest cavity then performs the think object: body shield. A purple tinted body shield appears and then covers and protects both her breasts down to her tiny waistline and as she holds the shield in place with her free hand.
He paints on the purple bite-nats liquid and performs the think object: body shield. He displays a large purple tinted shield over his chest cavity, also, for body protection. They look up and nod to each other, in silence, for the new killing time.
Taffy/Chick swirls around and slams her back spine into his back spine. He hooks the crook of his elbow around her free arm. Then he twirls them around the floor, like a blender, kicking a foot at each fighter then cutting a flash blade into the same fighter. They miss some of the upright bodies but continue to kick and cut each fighter while producing blood proteins, loud grunts, and quick kills with their paired deadly force, surviving, so far, the Sniff the Sweet Honeysuckles Dance here at Metro City Birmingham.
Zebra dashes away from the fierce fighters and races ahead towards the spilled bite-nats paint on top of the floor along with her two friends sliding over the wet surface and then halts. She leans down and paints a small circle on her chest cavity and a lousy straight line on her anterior arm. She calls out to her friends. “Over here! Come over here! Paint your body with a flash blade and a body shield too.” Buffalo appears first then leans over using his two pale blue flash blades, striking the pretty black and white bite-nats face mask on Zebra. Zebra does not have enough time to use her new bite-nats body shield but drops down dying on top of her shield, with a soft sigh.
Buffalo spins around and loudly chuckles away a dead Zebra then instantly dies by the whipping flash blade from Taffy/Chick, still laughing into his death day. He drops down hitting the floor with a loud thump.
Kiwi/Kitten swiftly races around the dance floor while avoiding a whipping flash blade from another nasty male dancer, still remaining masked. She stops then leans against the solid wall, panting for more oxygen molecules witnessing more of the terrible kill deaths on top of the dance floor. She holds her wet sobs that prevents a de-masking of her Kitten bite-nats mask.
“Kiwi!” Brazoria/Cow yells out loud and advances fast towards the entrance wall hiding her personal flash blade inside the meat of her anterior forearm, after her sweet North Ridge Rider shared his hot kiss and his cool secret regarding the new dance competition.
Kiwi/Kitten cuddles into the wall corner, below the stage platform, for her body protection, remaining silence, praying for this madness to end. Brazoria/Cow stops and stands over the black, red, yellow, and white bite-nats painted hair roots on Kiwi/Kitten, thumbing back over her collar bone into an empty hallway, saying with a sweet smile. “Kiwi, you need to exit the archway for your safety. Tulu, she’s in there waiting for you.”
Kiwi/Kitten looks up to see her friend Brazoria/Cow starting to smile, saying with delight. “Tulu, is she over there?”
Brazoria/Cow drops her arm and slaps her legs saying with a smirk, “Yeah, Tulu is over there. I saw her over there.”
“Tulu!” Kiwi/Kitten leans down on the floor and start to crawl ahead on her hands and her kneecaps, moving away from the protective wall corner, slowly standing upright. She smiles at Brazoria/Cow.
Brazoria/Cow rears back her hand fist and then punches the nose bridge on Kiwi/Kitten. Kiwi/Kitten hits the wall paint and then lands down on her back spine in pain hitting the floor. Brazoria/Cow leans down and stabs her flash blade tip into the tiny heart organ on Kiwi/Kitten while sneering, saying with a hateful voice. “I don’t like you.”
Rusk/Panther appears and stands kicking the ass on Brazoria/Cow. Brazoria/Cow stumbles backwards and then lands down her upper body on top of the hard surface swiftly belly-crawling away from a taller, stronger, and meaner Rusk/Panther. He squats down and reaches out pulling a bleeding Kiwi/Kitten into his naked chest, stroking her bloody arm, saying with a meek timber. “You…you…are going to be fine, Kitten. I promise.”
Kiwi/Kitten slowly blinks her eyelashes whispering softly. “I miss Hixson.”
He smiles down into her Kitten bite-nats face mask. “He’ll be back. I promise.”
On top of the elevated stage platform, Hico tosses both of his arms away from his two bull horns shouting out loud without the use of a microphone. “Cease!”
Tick stands in front of the stage platform and aims shooting his shotgun barrel into the stationary score board. The score board explodes into numerous large and small pieces of metal landing down on top of the hard surface.
Each alive and breathing teen screams out loud from fear as each pair of dancing shoes halts in place. Every pair of eyeballs turns and stares at the destroyed score board. Some of the seriously injured teens exhale a last breath of oxygen then die on top of the dance floor.
Still standing and smiling on top of the stage platform, Hico continues to carefully wave both of his arms in the air shouting again. “Cease now! Stop the killings! Remove the audience members from the bleacher sections, right now, Ant! Dancers, stop dancing! Come here and sit on top of the floor or sit down in a chair, if you can find a chair! Cricket, get those folks off the hard bleachers and out of the Dance Hall, right now! I’ll go and talk to them later presenting their earned bite-nats tubes. That’ll make them all happy!” Ant and Cricket exit the dance floor carrying a hand gun, dashing towards the bleacher seats behind the hallway wall.
Hico back steps from the edge of the stage and spins around marching down the steps, strolling around the dirty dance floor with spilled blood proteins, bone fragments, pink organ tissues, and scattered body parts. He stops with a frown and then leans down staring at two separate parts on a dead Doe Deer. “Tick, come here and start to separate all the dead bodies into their respective Colony. Then, we can see, who’s alive and who’s dead.”
In front of the stage platform, Tick stores his hand gun down inside his brown tinted jacket pocket then dashes ahead stopping. He leans down and grabs both of the legs on a dead Dinosaur pulling the dead teen towards the side wall, dumping the dead body against the ripped and torn flower-patterned wallpaper. He spins around racing ahead towards the green-tinted gown on a dead Swan, and finally halts lifting her body in the air, tossing the light-weight girl towards the side wall, also, forming a new pile of dead bodies.
On top of the dance floor near the entrance wall, Baycliff/Tiger halts his swirl. Taffy/Chick scoots around and then hugs him studying the new situation. Each one performs the think object: paint. Each flash blade and body shield vanishes and then morph into purple tinted dried bite-nats paint on their clothes.
Baycliff/Tiger releases her and moves ahead grabbing two chairs from the open hallway dusting off the muck from the chair seat fabric. He lifts up each chair and moves back to Taffy/Chick, sitting the chair in a row, patting the empty cushion for her. He sits down in the first chair. She sits down scanning the dance floor and the teens in silence. He leans over with a whisper and a smile into the sweaty cheekbone on Taffy/Chick. “It’s finally over, Taffy! We, sorta, win here. I guess. But we revealed their evil plans to the new existing world here within the Birmingham Colonies.”
Taffy/Chick continues to scan the dirty, bloody dance floor noting the collection of both the dead and live teen bodies which are being separated by the dominate bite-nats paint color, on the side wall, below the pile of dead bodies, representing a Colony.
The theme of red paint stands for the South Beach Colony of Beachers; blue hue for the Swamp Island Colony of Swamplanders, green hue for North Ridge Mountain Colony of Riders, and yellow tinted for the Grand Rock Valley Colony of Rockers.
Some of the dead bodies continue to display a colorful bite-nats face mask while other dead bodies exhibit a human face with colorful dried bite-nats paint. Some of the dead male bodies obviously wear the stylist fabric garments of a vest and a pair of dancing pants colored in their dance theme while some of the dead female bodies strangely hold a colorful bite-nats gown, like the fake fabric is glued onto their natural human body parts.
Baycliff/Tiger exhibits a set of orange and gold tinted strikes, a pair of emerald green ringlets around his natural eye sockets, and a red-tinted circle against his natural white tinted teeth whispering into her soft cheekbone. “We know now that Hico and his four Superintendents are both corrupt government officials and cold-blooded murderers. They murdered my girl Amita.”
“We don’t have a body. We need to find her body. We need more proof to show the local law authorities, Baycliff. I have the secret and collected paper notes, which I had stolen from that locked and bolted archive wooden chest, inside the basement space, underneath this Dance Hall floor. But, without the proper inspection of Metro City Birmingham by the local sheriff, we got nothing, Baycliff,” she stares at each teen feeling both concern and worry. “Look at them! These teens are part of our Colonies and our Colonists from Birmingham area. Who are dead for what purpose? I simply don’t understand any of this bloody mess.”
A few feet from the stage platform, Tick appears and stands a taller Hico whispering soft words and thumbing back over his collar bone at a tall stack of dead teens piled up like four human columns against the dull wallpaper.
Hick nods in silence and then start to stroll ahead stopping beside an upright Brazoria/Cow, starting a lovely conversation with the vicious teen. “You’re quiet a good fighter, Cow! You should’ve been painted with a farm Bull with four horns, on your face. Who are you, young teen?”
Brazoria/Cow tosses both of her arms in the air as her red lips form a smile replying back to Hico. “I am named Brazoria. And I win all the tubes of bite-nats, since I’m the last one standing.” She slaps both of her hands down over her bite-nats gown.
He laughs, “You and a couple of other Apprentices will share the tubes of bite-nats,” he turns and scans the room seeing the huddles of live teens. “First, I am assessing the living. Then, I will decide.”
Brazoria/Cow twirls her flash blade in the air and then points the bloody tip at the nose bridge on Hico sneering first then threats with an angry tone. “Pay me now!”
Hico laughs at the cocky little girl teen. “Tell me first! Is Apprentice Tulu among the dead? You’re a South Beacher, am I correct?”
Brazoria/Cow leans down and then mouth spits her salvia down on his polished shoe, exposing her human lips from the wet substance, looking back up, sneering at him. She shouts, “No! I’m a Rider. I don’t know the answer to that question, but you might be interested to know that I like to tell secrets.”
Hico turns and grins at her. “I like to hear all your secrets for a price. We will chat later, Brazoria. I’m still inspecting the dead.”
“Didn’t you mean the living?” Brazoria/Cow frowns.
Hico returns to see the other teens then states with a smirk. “Everyone is dead, eventually.” He starts to stroll away from Brazoria/Cow sounding with his vile laughter.
In the row of two chairs, Baycliff/Tiger reaches over and gently twists the jaw line on Taffy/Chick towards his mask, saying with a smile. “I love you, Taffy.” She stares into his blue eyeballs in silence. He exhales with worry then explains. “Taffy, I’m so grateful for your help solving Amita’s mysterious disappearance. They did it! I know that now! We’ll find her body and then prove it to everyone. You believed me and cared for Amita, like I did. I didn’t want her to attend the Apprenticeship Program last year, like you did. I talked and talked foreverly to her, like you did. She didn’t wanna listen to me or to you. You heard and listened to my concerns and my issues. Thank you so much, Taffy! You’ve been a great comfort for me from the start and now the end. The end has finalized now. It’s all over and done now. We’re going back home to South Beach, Taffy. We…I will, of course, explain everything that has happened to me, you, and McCamy. Why we faked your deaths? Why we entered the Apprenticeship Program? My daddy will understand me and us. He is the sheriff of South Beach and he personally knows the mayor of South Beach.” He softly chuckles then continues. “My daddy will explain and update all the law authorities inside South Beach Colony and outside of South Beach with what Hico did and is doing to all the live and dead teens.”
Taffy/Chick nods in silence to Baycliff/Tiger then returns to scan the dance floor, whispering back to him. “That’s all great and good, Baycliff, for a little later. Right now, stay in your bite-nats mask! Okay?” He nods with a smile in silence viewing the side on her Chick bite-nats face mask. She softly whispers. “We escape first thing from Hico and then we report back to McCamy, Hixson, Rusk…”
“Rusk,” he turns and tosses his jaw line at the teen in the wall corner of the stage platform explaining the new situation. “Rusk is here with me and dressed in that Panther mask. He stayed to help me and protect you, too, Taffy. I’m grateful for that also. This is disaster. I was worried that you might get harmed. Or worse, I was worried that you would figure out their evil plans. And we…”
“Did you ask Rusk to stay, for you, within this danger?” She states with a firm voice turning to see the wall corner, spotting both the Panther and Kitten bite-nats face masks.
“Naw! He volunteered to stay and then galloped with me up to the Bull Pen room and promised to protect you from harm also.”
“Did he tell McCamy?” She asks then turns to view Hico, who still wears his blood-red farm Bull bite-nats face mask.
He laughs. “You can’t tell that snot-hole anything. Naw! Rusk stood guard until they escaped through the hidden root cellar door that you had discovered which led into the basement space. McCamy, Hixson, and Tulu have safely left this building structure, high-tailing it back home, after stealing a working transport from the crappy yard. Based on my current time frame, they’re back home now. So, we need to leave outta of here soonest also and go tattle our deep dark secrets to my daddy. We should use the same back door inside the basement space also. Then we should steal us a vehicle...”
“Stay put, right here, Baycliff!” She slowly stands upright from the chair and gathers up the ugly new dress hem, draping it over her arm. She performs the think object: cape. Her yellow-tinted, ankle-length ball gown is sliced away from the lower body showing her two naked kneecaps and lower legs down to the yellow-tinted flat ballerina shoes. Over her upper body, a new purple tinted cape covers her two breasts. She used the purple tinted bite-nats paint as her protective body shield during the dance fight. She scans the dance floor for more danger.
In the middle of the dirty, bloody dance room floor, Hico points down at each dead teen and then slowly moves ahead to stop and talk to each live teen that has survived the deadly dance competition.
Taffy/Chick orders. “Don’t paint, Baycliff! Hico is still investigating this teen bloody affair for some dangerous and deadly reason. I fear, this is not over for us, not yet.” He turns with a stern face to see Hico and the stacks of dead bodies on the side wall remaining silent. She exhales with worry then states with a firm tone. “We probably are required to talk with Hico first. Then we can leave Dodge City pronto. Stay calm! Remember our separate roles within the Sniff the Sweet Honeysuckles Dance! I’m a South Beach Beacher. You’re a North Ridge Mountain Rider,” Taffy sees the rear skull on the Panther bite-nats mask. “Rusk, he has to stay masked also. He is still a Panther. I see him. He is sitting over there against the wall paint. Stay right here, Baycliff! I’ll ease over to him, not wanting to look suspicious to Hico and his nasty guards of insects in an ugly bite-nats mask.”
“No. I’ll go and do it.” Baycliff/Tiger says then reaches out for her arm.
She jerks her arm behind her bone skull stilling wearing her Chick bite-nats mask, like she is straightening her hair strands. She orders with a firm tone. “No! Stay right here! Watch my back! That little thing is named Kiwi, who lies between Rusk’s arms. She must be hurt. Rusk is protecting her. She’s a South Beach Beacher also. I’m a South Beach Beacher too,” she slowly moves ahead and then scoots around each dead human body or individual human body part strolling ahead towards the rear skull on the Panther mask and then halts. She squats down to the floor and leans into the side on his mask. “Rusk!”
“Hixson told her his name and promised to dance with Kitten for the rest of dance competition.” Rusk/Panther stares down into the Kitten bite-nats mask of a dead Kiwi. Taffy looks down and then gasps in shock at the pretty body frame, staring at the same Kitten face mask.
Kiwi doesn’t appear as a dead human teen female but with the face of a feline kitten. The bite-nats mask displays a face of gray tinted fur, a set of hairy, gray-tinted pointy ears, a set of long black tinted whiskers, a triangle black tinted cat nose, and a set of curled pink tinted cat lips and continues to cover her natural human skin. Her ankle-length ball gown is silver tinted with strikes of red flicks on her upper bodice, a set of black stripes over both of her sleeved arms, and her high neck collar. Her long skirt hides her natural pair of human legs.
“Hixson is home now. Kiwi is dead now.” Taffy/Chick reaches out and tenderly touches the long skirt on a dead Kiwi feeling the fabric, like a real dress, jerking her hand in the air. She gasps in shock then turns to stare at the four stacks of dead bodies, where some bodies have maintained the think object and displays a painted colorful bite-nats animal face. She returns back down and stares down at the Kitten bite-nats mask on a dead Kiwi asking for an explanation. “Why is Kiwi, not painted? I mean, she doesn’t display the colorful bite-nats paint on her natural exposed skin tissue, arms, or legs. She, also, still wears her Kitten bite-nats face mask and her bite-nats creation gown and heels.”
Rusk/Panther exhales with sadness and continues to wear his Panther bite-nats mask, with ease, showing his natural teeth, staring down at the Kitten bite-nats face mask on a dead Kiwi. He explains, “Wave of death, it’s called. Folks can retain some brain experiences of sights and sounds, after their brain death event and that includes the so-called ‘mind thought.’ The whole bite-nats concept of ‘think object’ is the premise for the fantasy creation. That allows Kiwi to maintain both the think objects of her bite-nats gown and her bite-nats mask,” He turns and stares at the four columns of dead teens against the side wall, seeing some bite-nats creations also. “Some folks do. Some folks don’t paint. It all depends on the direct impact at the time of their death,” he returns back and stares down at the Kitten mask on a dead Kiwi.
“Understood! But why is there not a show of red tinted human blood on her human body or her bite-nats clothing either?” She dares not try to touch Kiwi and search for the spilled blood proteins as the dead teen continues to rest between the folded arms on Rusk.
He doesn’t seem to exhibit his normal happy-go-lucky self, right now, after his vicious battle participation, within the bloody slaughter of other teens, during the dance fight.
She scans Kiwi from the hair roots down to her blue tinted toenails inside the bite-nats pink-tinted heeled sandals, without spotting an ounce of human blood then states. “She looks like a cute tiny gray kitten in the face and a teen party girl, who wears her dancing formal gown on a human body.”
He continues to hold the pink tinted bite-nats creation glove with her real human hand belonging to Kiwi between both his palms while staring down at the Kitten mask. Rusk explains, “First off, gnats are a set of tiny black colored flying insects which are no bigger than the head of an old fashion sewing straight pin. They do not buzz or bite on a human or an animal, only annoy, because the insects are drawn towards a bright ray of sunlight on the glass window or a reflective mirror. They love wet fungus and lots of moisture. Second thing, the bacteria is a one-celled organism with no known DNA strands. The gnats live in an enormous batch of numbers in almost every physical environment, on the surface of the planet, and they are even found within the Dead Sea waters,” he looks up and smiles at the Chick bite-nats face mask on Taffy. “Teen acne is another form of bacteria and similar to the gnats and it is a one-celled organism too. Teen acne likes to party on the telephone screen for its pleasure, not the teen’s face, where the one-celled bacteria become confined to one central location or one single spot on the teen’s human face. The concept is like a touch of bite-nats paint on your arm which creates a physical flash blade.
“Back in ancient American history, in the year 2046 A.D., the United States of America Federal Government scientists cooked up a batch of one single celled bacterium inside a lighted room and then left it cooling within a heated pot. Underneath a microscope slide, the gnats liked their new bacterial home. The visiting gnats then evolved, at the cellular level, into a new Earth species, which is called, bacterial gnats, which is also nicknamed as bite-nats.
“The United States of America Federal Government scientists tested its new creature…creation and then discovered a new secret…specimen. When a glob of the new bacterial gnats or bite-nats is painted directly onto the human skin tissue, the bite-nats do not bite on the human subject but serve to protect the delicate human skin tissue covering the same human subject. Eventually, the bite-nats, as a smarter species here, learned to both mentally and intellectually interact with the human’s mental mind. Both the humans and bite-nats nicely and swiftly worked together to manipulate, form, and create a visual piece of protective armor battle gear on the human subjects…soldiers too. The battle gear of bite-nats was used by fighting U.S.A. rebels, within Nuke War Three, which helped to end the Global War and then to win it for American rebels.
“The same United States of America Federal Government scientists analyzed and then found that a tiny batch of bite-nats can live, survive, and regenerate at a rate of a billion times cubed, inside one single nucleotide polymorphism, within the bacterial strain…”
“Your father was a genetic engineer for the old United States of America Federal Government,” she says and continues to eye examine the dead body of Kiwi. Taffy recalled some of the previous professional career roles within a few of the South Beach family units, before Nuclear War Three, while secretly ease-dropping through the thin wall plaster and listening to private conversations between her two parents and their invited guests at Thelee Farms.
He exhales with sadness for the useless death of the nice female saying with a sad face, “Yeah. Now, he’s the mayor of South Beach. He survived Nuke War Three along with some of the other genetic scientists. He told me that the medical researchers had proven that the original bacterial gnats can mutate at almost a non-existent rate or a negative one which helps to significantly decrease the risk of any and all useless molecules and a glob of bite-nats does not form, accidentally, into a man-eating monster-of-death eating up or destroying the entire human race on Planet Earth. The United States of America, Federal Government scientists also determined that bite-nats can evolve into a clever mechanism which survives on their own and they can live in a perfect form within its our environment, until the paint is washed away by an ounce of pure drinking water or falling natural rain water or even contaminated landfill water or another runny liquid, like nose snot. So, Kiwi will stay a freeze-dried Kitten face forever, within her dead state of body and mind.”
She slaps his forearm trying to release his gripe from a dead Kiwi whispering with a firm tone into his cheekbone, “Rusk! Come with me, right now! Hico is nosing around the dance floor for something. He might discover our plan, accidentally or purposefully.” Taffy/Chick slowly stands upright from the floor then folds down touching then pulling on his naked arms sounding with a loud girly grunt. He does not budge or stir or move. She exhales with worry then whispers again into his cheekbone. “She’s dead! She’s gone! We’re alive! Get up, Rusk! You’re too big for me to haul over my girly shoulders,” she pulls on his arm sounding with a set of loud girly grunts.
Rusk/Panther feels both sad and numb allowing his childhood friend Taffy/Chick to assist him upward from the floor as he releases the pink-tinted bite-nats glove on a dead Kiwi. He stands upright and leans into her body feeling teenly guilt not saving her precious life from all the evil fighters. They carefully back step then spin around and slowly stroll across the non-bloody parts on the dance floor moving ahead towards Baycliff/Tiger.
In a new row of three oversized sitting chairs, Baycliff/Tiger has provided a third mismatched seat for his childhood friend Rusk/Panther. Baycliff continues to wear his silly bite-nats Tiger face mask as ordered by Taffy and sits in the first chair while observing the physical actions of Hico, the other live male and female teens, and his two childhood friends, Taffy and Rusk.
Rusk/Panther stops then slides off the body of Taffy/Chick scooting down inside the third empty chair, staring ahead at the commotion within the dance floor environment. She spins around and occupies the second empty chair sitting between Baycliff and Rusk, staring at Hico. She feels both fear and worry.
In the middle of the dance floor environment, Hico spins around from the dead teen on the floor and then scans the room waving both of his arms in the air while de-masking his own farm Bull bite-nats face mask wearing solid red dried paint covering his pale-tinted human skin tissue. He shouts out loud for all eardrums then drops both of his arms slapping his legs, “De-mask, everyone! We have much to discuss about tomorrow’s night dance competition,” he strolls ahead leading a scattered huddle of other male and female teens. The other teens have survived the dance fight, too, including the visual face masks of Cow, Lion, Wolf, Peacock, and others familiar animal faces. Each teen obeys his order and then de-masks wearing smears of colorful dried bite-nats paint. Hico stops and stands in front of the three oversized sitting chairs holding Baycliff/Tiger, Taffy/Chick, and Rusk/Panther.
Hico stares and studies the three teens repeating his order, “That command includes each male dancer too.”
On the row of three chairs, in the second chair, Chick/Taffy swiftly stands, stares, and states with a calm voice to Hico without waving her arms or spitting her mouth salvia or sneering her words. “We are done here. We do not want any of the grand prize, which are those sticky and ugly bite-nats paint tubes. We do not want to dance again. We are going back home.”
Hico grins between the painted red lines and stares at the Chick bite-nats mask saying to the female Apprentice. “Your home town is the South Beach Colony for the yellow and purple-gowned girl. But your two sitting male dance companions might voice a different command. Tiger, de-mask! Tell her what you want to do tonight!”
Baycliff/Tiger poses in the chair and presents a smile saying to Hico. “I am finished here too. I am going back home, also, Director Hico.” Taffy/Chick smirks within her bite-nats mask then sits down within bumping into Baycliff, listening to the tart conversation.
Lion steps forward and then completely de-masks his face presenting brown and yellow dried paint on his skin and as his body wears the black vest and a pair of matching pants. His skin tone is ghostly pale white with a few minor flash blade cuts on his naked chest. He jabs his finger and shouts to Baycliff/Tiger, “You’re not a Rider, scout! I know every guy on this dance team, but I do not know you, slick. What’s the name of your North Ridge Mountain Range, pal?”
Baycliff/Tiger continues to sit inside the comfortable chair without fidgeting with nervousness, saying with a smooth baritone timber to Lion. “I hail from the great Tennessee Smoky Mountain Range, specifically the Chattanooga Lookout.”
The mountain plateau, within ancient U.S. State of Tennessee, contains the Chattanooga Lookout territory, where numerous survivors coming from Nuclear Wars of One, Two, and Three continue to live, work, play and survive. The Chattanooga Lookout territory is surrounded by lush forestland for hiding, hunting, and hanging a non-welcomed, uninvited visitor from another Colony, whether inside or outside Metro City Birmingham.
Baycliff had heard the tall tales over and over again coming the older, wiser, and smarter residents living and surviving within the South Beach Colony as a young child and a mature teenager.
“Is your treehouse towards Ruby Falls?” Lion smirks at Baycliff/Tiger.
“My treehouse is located from Ruby Falls.” Baycliff/Tiger shows his natural white enamel teeth within his Tiger mask stating to the smart Rider. “Pine cone smells, green lush foliage, and batches of lovely wildflowers tickle my cute fanny while rappelling down to the bottom hitting a lush mountain valley, which is currently the world’s steepest mountain incline. The ancient but viable mountain campsite of Point Park overlooks the nuke-blasted highways, railways, and your dead mama’s grave site,” he chuckles along with Hico and some of the other teens. Baycliff clears his throat then grins. “And let us note the thundering 145-foot underground sparkling fresh water waterfall and all the associated crystal-lined caverns ain’t awesome anymore, since the nuke-blast of 2069 A.D.”
“Well, what’s your personal verdict here, Lion?” Hico asks Lion and smirks at Baycliff/Tiger.
Lion crosses both of his arms over his naked chest then slight nods with the correct answers but remains highly suspicious with Baycliff/Tiger. He states, “He guesses right. The campsite of Point Park sits away from the Ruby Falls waterfall with an exclusive entrance point that is used for transportation service only. The defunct Incline Railway is not a rail carts but a rope system now. Lookout Mountain is a sandstone cap that runs from Point Park over the mountain ridge top and then drops one thousand feet straight down into a solid limestone valley of hard gray stones. The local new natives enjoy the favored view and varied food.”
Hico turns and stares stating to Rusk/Panther. “What’s your position here, Panther?”
Baycliff/Tiger uses his brilliant mind and leans back into the chair saying with a smile to Hico. “We’re brothers. Are you blind or what, snot-nose?” Rusk/Panther poses inside the comfortable chair and smiles at Hico in silence. Some of the other teens laugh out loud at the disrespect to Dictator Hico while Lion grunts with more teenly suspicion.
Hico turns and silently nods back to Baycliff/Tiger then slowly spins around in a circle viewing the scattered huddles of teens. He orders. “Park it here, dancers! Go and grab a chair or sit on top of the floor tiles.” Each teen sits down on top of the floor. Hico turns and then paces back and forth in front of the scattered teens. “Each teen has done very well tonight. You have survived. They have not. So, your individual award waits which includes many, many tubes of bite-nats paint as your grand prize to your winning home Colony.” The teens continue to sit and loudly start to cheer with happiness.
Una does not sit and does not cheer but swiftly stands upright from the floor in silence. She is ready to leave the Apprenticeship Program and get away from the smelly stacks of dead teen bodies, wanting to meet her parents at hotel building. She doesn’t want a tube of bite-nats paint either and wants to exit the program too, without the reward and with her precious life force.
Hico swings around and snaps at Una. “Sit back down, Apprentice!” Una sits down with a huff of worry. He spins around and stops pointing above the entrance doors stating to the hidden controller, who continues to live and hides behind the wall panel. “Please, turn on the television screen!” Hico slaps the hand down on his trousers.
A bright ray of light starts to burn through the thin wallpaper exposing a digital rectangular screen. The screen brightens to life and shows a math number in blue tinted hue: 3,060,127.
He narrates to the television screen. “About 2,000 years ago, 231 million people walked on top of the soil on the planet. In the year 2000 A.D., six billion earthlings inhabited the clean soil, clear sky, and calm seas. Now, in the year 2081 A.D., after three nuclear wars and a thirty percent survival rate, there exists, based on rough figures, eight million people here on Planet Earth. The eight million persons include your friends, your families, your neighbors, your admirers, your fans, and your customers. You are now the commodity that they want, need, and desire,” he points at the large television screen. “That spinning number is your set of customers, who demand a tube of bite-nats, which is displayed on the side wall, on top of that wooden shelf. Thank goodness for you! That all but one of the glass tubes were not broken or busted during the vicious dance fight wasting the lovely fun product. But you can thank one person for that stupid act. But I will not tattle here or there at the moment,” he clears his throat and spins around smiling to the sitting teens. “Your Colony customers live inside your home Colony, need the bite-nats tubes for your home Colony, and demand that you dance and finish your dance competition tomorrow night.”
In the row of three chairs, Chick/Taffy stands upright from her chair again without de-masking, saying with an authority tone to the back spine on Hico. “I need not. I desire not. I do not bow down to anyone, especially one dictator and eight million lunatics…”
“Brazoria!” Hico yells out loud. Brazoria jumps in alarm from the loud voice then slowly stands upright on top of the floor staring at Hico. Hico spins around and views Taffy, asking the question to Brazoria. “Should Chick stay and help her home Colony acquire the desirable bite-nats tubes?”
Una swiftly stands upright from the floor again and says with a firm voice to the back spine on Hico. “I’m leaving with Chick. Honestly, I’ve never heard of this bite-nats paint product, before this vicious and vile dance fight,” she fibs her truth.
Lion stands upright and points at Baycliff/Tiger, saying with anger. “Why does a set of two cool Riders hang with a nasty South Beacher, like her? She’s not our kin or kind.”
Brazoria jabs her finger at Taffy/Chick, saying with anger. “Who are you, sister? De-mask, right now, girly!”
“I find this entire social affair too much for my delicate stomach.” Taffy/Chick states with a calm demeanor then turns staring at the side wall of stacked dead bodies, returning back to see Lion, Brazoria, and Hico.
Hico nods with a grin to Taffy/Chick. “All right! To clearly marking your absent, Chick, please de-mask. Superintendent Vovina can remove your name from the list of sixteen-year-old Apprentices. Then, you may proceed to exit my Apprenticeship Program and return back home to your South Beach Colony.” Taffy/Chick continues to stand without obeying Hico.
A surprising stream of flying cold water soars through the air waves coming from several tin pails held by each dance judge, who wears an ugly black and gray-tinted insect bite-nats mask. The water stream drowns the three bodies of Taffy/Chick, Baycliff/Tiger, and Rusk/Panther and as the colorful bite-nats paint melts off and then exposes their natural skin tone.
Taffy sits back down in the chair and rubs her two wet eye sockets while exposing her white undergarments and her bronze-tinted skin tone to Hico and the other teens.
Baycliff and Rusk continue to sit in the wet chair flinging off the water droplets, exposing a head of cropped blonde locks, a body of bronze-tinted skin, and a set of wet black satin clothing. Each male looks up and then sneers at Hico.
Baycliff swiftly stands upright from his chair and rips off his real fabric vest leaning over, covering Taffy. Taffy accepts the colorful vest from Baycliff wearing it over her semi-naked body then performs a lady sneer at Hico also.
Tall, blonde-haired, pale-skinned, North Ridge Mountain Rider Lion gasps in shock then jabs his finger at Baycliff first and then Rusk, shouting at the two posers. “I give you good, slick! You are brothers, but not my kin or my kind.” He drops his hand then performs the think object: flash blades. Twin flash blades in pale blue hue appear within the anterior meat of his forearm flipping his finger pads, then direct points each blade at each South Beach teen while snorting with delight for a new kill shot.
Tall, sexy, pale-skinned Brazoria reaches over and slams down one flash blade in Lion’s cupped hand then jabs her finger at Baycliff first, then Taffy, and finally Rusk. She says with puzzlement. “You and she and he, you’ll are dead.”
“You are so right, my little blue bell.” Lion sneers at Baycliff first.
She shakes her curls and her finger pointing at Taffy, explaining to Hico and the other teens. “No! No! No! Listen to me! They died two or three days ago, after falling down inside a burning fire fissure, which is a common Mother Nature pit on top of the limestone cliffs, within South Beach,” she points to the first teen. “His name is Baycliff. He is named after the cliffs near the fresh water bay on his dad’s crop farm. Baycliff, he shoved them off the cliffs, down the pit, down to their deaths and then escaped from the South Beach Colony,” she looks at the female. “She is named Taffy. And there is another dead teen, who is named McCamy. Where is McCamy at?” She slowly scans the room and views the surviving teens returning back to see Taffy. “I don’t see McCamy here with ya’ll. O! He must’ve really died during in the fissure pit. Anyways, that is their real names that came from their real parents. But they faked their two deaths on top of the cliffs. Why did ya’ll do that?”
Hico chuckles and then winks to Taffy saying with a smile. “Why, indeed, Brazoria! Great job, Brazoria! We have uncovered a row of imposters or a set of spies that have invaded the Apprenticeship Program, which we will deal with a little later in our discussion. Now, back to the business at hand!” He claps then points to the television screen. “Do you see that blue tinted number on the screen that keeps increasing up towards the final number of eight million? Please, increase the volume on the television screen, Ant!”
The speaker box on the television screen chants in unison from each invisible body. “Bite-nats. Bite-nats…”
On the top of dance floor, Hico smiles, “Please, activate the transmitter for my response, Ant.” A set of loud squeaks and squawks comes from the ancient metal equipment. He clears his throat and then smiles at the television screen, which does not transmit his face, but his words. “Attention! Attention here, Colonies and Colonists of the Metro City Birmingham. This is your leader, Director Hico, speaking here to you. The dance competition has completed for the night.” The speaker box sounds with a set of boos.
He continues, “Tomorrow, there will be another riveting delight for your selfish pleasures with the continuation of the Apprenticeship Program.” The speaker box echoes the loud cheers from the listening audience members.
He shares, “I have the results from the first night’s dance competition.” The speaker box sounds with loud hand applaud from the audience.
He states, “The Swamp Island Colony and the Grand Rock Valley Colony were paired together. They received total deductions of 700 points from 2000 points leaving 1,300 points for the bite-nats grand prize.” The speaker box sounds with an array of loud boos coming from the audience members.
He smiles. “The South Beach Colony…”
“Kill Beachers! Kill Beachers!” The speaker box chants with a set of invisible bodies.
Hico softly chuckles then states with a grin staring at the television screen, not the teens. “The South Beach Colony was paired with the North Ridge Mountain Colony for the dance competition tonight. They received the total deductions of 600 points from 2,000 leaving 1,400 on the score board.” The speaker box sounds with an array of angry boos.
He says. “However, I have a new problem.” The speaker box becomes silent. Hico continues. “All the Grand Rock Valley Colony Apprentices are dead.” The speaker box sounds with a set of low groans coming from the speaking audience members.
He states, “The Swamp Island Colony has two teenage representatives left for the rest of the dance competition.” The speaker box echoes with loud cheers from the happy audience members.
He continues, “The North Ridge Mountain Colony is strong with six surviving teens.” The speaker box vibrates with loud cheers coming from the speaking audience members.
Hico smiles, “And finally, the South Beach Colony…”
“Kill Beachers! Kill Beachers!” The loud chorus of angry voices shouts in unison coming from the hidden speaker box.
He smiles. “The South Beach Colony stay strong and continue to thrive, within the dance competition, holding five healthy teens.” The speaker box echoes with a mixed array of loud boos and low hisses coming from the angry audience members. Hico allows the terrible noise to bombard the air waves in the dance hall and into the eardrums of each teen. He stares and studies the three prominent and troublesome teens from South Beach. Taffy, Baycliff, and Rusk sit in an individual chair in a semi-wet and semi-naked pose surrounding by the dance judges, in case, of a surprise deadly attack on Hico. Each teen sneers then snarls then growls at Hico flinging a middle finger first then two folded fists at the evil director…naw…dictator.
Hico must quickly execute a new decision before he loses control of his Apprenticeship Program, his devoted teens, and his only tubes of bite-nats paint. He lifts both of his arms in the air and spins around viewing the sitting or standing teens, saying with a smile. “I have a new solution.” He drops both of his arms slapping his legs. The speaker box echoes with loud cheers of delight from the audience members.
He explains, “I propose that the surviving teen dancers from the Swamp Island Colony and the North Ridge Mountain Colony pair together and dance against the surviving teens from the South Beach Colony and then all must finish the dance competition, whether dead or alive, before a single tube of bite-nats paint is disturbed to the winning team of teens and their winning home Colony.” The speaker box echoes with an array of mixed loud cheers, hand claps, lip whistles and foot stomps from the happy audience members. Almost all the surviving teen dancers also start to cheer, clap and dance in place hearing Hico’s new rule for tomorrow’s dance competition.
Hico slowly whirls around wearing a bright smile and views all the teen dancers enjoying the thrilling excitement, hearing the obnoxiously loud sound, coming from the both listening and speaking audience members, throughout the world, not just from his Colonies, within Metro City Birmingham, for a few extra moments, living within his evil world and his evil mental mind.
He turns and nods to row of dance judges then says to the television screen, where the math number has increased from 3,000,000 to 5,000,000 persons. “Thank you! Thank you! Thank you for your vocal acceptance of my new solution, audience members, teen dancers, dance judges, and superintendents! Please, go and cut off all the transmitters, Ant!” Ant quickly back steps from the row of dance judges then slams into the entrance wall, slapping the control panel, cutting off the television screen and transmission.
Hico completes his last circle of victory then halts staring at the row of chairs, sounding with loud chuckles then pads ahead to the row of teen troublemakers. He stops, stares, and states to Taffy, Rusk, and Baycliff. “You, three do not seem to be popular among our five million Colony customers. However, you, three are leading the dance competition using your creative cowboy skills and cowgirls’ talents. And you, three have the best chance of winning all the bite-nats tubes as…”
“…phony dance imposters!” Brazoria yells and jabs her finger at each South Beach teen, viewing the back spine on Hico. She shouts and slaps her chest. “I will never compete with the South Beach Beachers. They are three traitors and are wanted by the law, within the South Beach Colony. Each one will stab a flash blade into my back spine, before the competition even starts. I wanna go and help my Riders.” Teens Etta and Pemona stand and bounce with acknowledgment beside Brazoria.
Hico softly chuckles then spins around saying with a smirk to the other female teens, “How interesting! Una and Jellico and Atoka, you have survived the dance competition tonight. What is your personal observation on this dance matter?” The three teen females do not address his question.
Brazoria laughs with an evil tone then turns to see Una saying with a nasty timber. “The name, Una, means one. You, the one, are leaving the dance hall, right now, ain’t you, babe?”
Una jabs her finger at Hico and says with a stern face. “I am leaving this mad house right now. You are nothing but a bunch of mentally sick dogs. When I return back home to South Beach, I’m snitching to the local law authorities, and I’ll live to see that each one of you are jailed, sentenced, and dead for all these innocent and useless murders of teenagers…”
“Well, we can’t have imposters or snitches within the dance competition, can we now!” Hico nods with a grin to Una, “Very well! Taffy and Una, please get up and come with me,” he spins to face the entrance wall and leads towards the open archway. Ant and Wasp dash ahead and move beside Hico in silence.
On the row of three wet chairs, Baycliff swiftly stands upright from the chair along with Rusk. Baycliff leans over and whispers soft words into Taffy’s face. She nods in silence then scoots from the chair following behind Hico.
Rusk rips off his black vest and extends the wet vest to a semi-naked Una. She accepts the vest and covers her body nodding with a stern face back to Rusk.
Hico waves his arm in the air and shouts to the two teens, before hitting the open archway. He drops his arm and slaps his leg then announces, “Baycliff and Rusk, you, two stay put in here, cowboys! Your turn is coming up for your personal testimony! Let me get the two declining females cleared off my books first. A vocal statement is required for the Metro City Birmingham historical record. I hope you all do understand. Kodare and Vovina, please, go and discuss with our current young dancers the next plot for tomorrow’s dance competition while I finish up the current business at hand,” he disappears from the Dance Hall, entering the lobby space, walking between Ant and Wasp.
The lobby space is both dark and cold. The entrance wall feels cold and contains a long metal wall in black hue with scattered rusty red-tinted spots. Across from the metal wall, a warm wooden wall of new and ancient planks in dark hue and features the three open archways leading into the Dance Hall and leaving the survivors of the vicious dance competition.
Una and Taffy slowly stroll together walking far behind the back spine on Hico, Ant, and Wasp in silence.
Hico leans over and whispers into the face mask on Wasp. Ant and Wasp leave and race ahead of Hico, after hearing the new set of instructions.
The metal materials on the side wall ends and then begins a lovely dull gray color set of enclosed walls and a matching ceiling with a dull wooden floor, playing the continuous musical songs for the walking people.
At 09:09 p.m., the musical song Killing Me Softly with His Song was released on January 23rd, 1973, performed by the American musical band Roberta Flack and The Pips. The song was composed by Charles Fox, Norman Gimbel, and Lori Lieberman.


Strumming my pain with his fingers
Singing my life with his words

Killing me softly with his song
Killing me softly with his song
Telling my whole life with his words
Killing me softly with his song

Strumming my pain with his fingers
Singing my life with his words

Killing me softly with his song
Killing me softly with his song
Telling my whole life with his words
Killing me softly with his song

Strumming my pain with his fingers
Singing my life with his words

Killing me softly with his song
Killing me softly with his song
Telling my whole life with his words
Killing me softly with his song
La, la, la, la, la, la

Strumming my pain with his fingers
Singing my life with his words

Killing me softly with his song
Killing me softly with his song
Telling my whole life with his words
Killing me softly with his song


The ancient walking hallway was once painted in a pretty shade of lavender hue. Now, the walls display columns of peeling paint particles in dull gray hue, depressing rows of dead potted flowers, and columns of old and dusty framed pictures of ancient and dead city leaders.
Hico slowly moves ahead and presents a smile staring at the long corridor of ugliness, explaining to the two females. “Follow me, young teens! We will continue to march ahead following the ugly gray tinted walls. I need your individual personal testimony, with your individual personal vocal statement inside the Powder Room that used to belong to Superintendent Starbe. Such a dirty damn shame! Starbe had become sandwiched between a couple of anger Riders and their deadly flash blades. I will miss her. She is with her dead husband Doboil now. Doboil also came between two fighting Riders and their deadly flash blades. Who would have thought a flash blade from bite-nats paint could become so dangerous and deadly and death, all rolled into one weapon? I did not. Well, they were married here on the planet. Now, they are married there in heavenly bless sipping tea with their Maker. So nice now!” He laughs with an evil tone.
Further down the first gray tinted hallway, the new wall color changes into a lighter gray hue appearing uglier and smell bitterly rancor from the growing weeds living on the side wall. Hico stops then turns posing beside an open archway, pointing inside the new room. He says with a smile to Taffy, “Miss Taffy, please, go inside and enter the room and sit down at any one of the chop blocks here inside the Power Room. Miss Una, please, come and accompany me to another part of the hallway. A vocal personal statement must be independently voiced from each Apprentice. I hope you do understand the legal terms of the Apprenticeship Program.”
Una and Taffy stop at the same time and stare at Hico. Una turns with her worried brow and stares at the nose profile on Taffy for teenly guidance in silence. Una had seen both Taffy’s fighting skills and leadership talents, during the vicious dance fight. Taffy survived where the other teen girls did not. And Taffy is the older sister of Tulu, who has escaped the madness here at the Apprenticeship Program, due to the great deeds from her older sister.
Taffy turns with a fake smile and nods in silence back to Una indicating to provide the required vocal testimony to Hico first.
Hico studies the two teens. Una turns and nods in silence back to Hico. He back steps then spins away from the open archway leading Una further down the same hallway towards a new archway. Una follows behind Hico for her private vocal testimony, so she and her family members can leave Metro City Birmingham and then forget all about the Sniff the Sweet Honeysuckles Dance foreverly.

At 09:13 p.m., Taffy continues to stand in front of the open archway, at the Power Room, and stares down the same hallway intersection, seeing Hico and Una enter a new room. Taffy exhales with worry then faces the open doorway, entering the quiet room, strolling down an empty aisle between row of dirty chop block tables. She reaches out, touches each chop block table and then halts selecting a padded chair with a white background of pink and red roses, scanning an empty room setting.
The rectangular-shaped room is similar in shape and size to the Art Gallery setting. The stage floor is empty and low to the floor without a person or an object but a glass window or a poor reflection mirror painted in dull pink hue. A dangling ratty dark blue tinted curtain drape is located on the side wall and slightly wiggles coming from the waves of heated air molecules inside the warm room. The stone floor contains a row of metal water grids draining away the dirty water and the colorful bite-nats paint residue. The rear wall displays two rows of mounted water hose nozzles used to wash off the fun colorful bite-nats paint from the human skin tissue.
The interior of the room holds numerous wooden chop blocks in poor shape also. Each wall has faded into a hot pink tone from an original orange tint.
Taffy sits down in a padded seat placing both of her hands in her lap, staring with worry at the forward wall with a glass window. She worries about the safety of both Baycliff and Rusk, who continue to sit and stay inside the Dance Hall environment along with the deadly teen dancers and the surviving two superintendents.
A few minutes later, Hico enters through the open archway and wears a grin holding an old fashion ink pen and a single piece of blank white tinted paper. He halts and reaches over pulling over another chair, sitting in front of Taffy. He shuffles around the row of closed bite-nats paint canisters to the side on top of the shared chop block, placing both the pen and the paper on the edge of wooden surface. He leans down and scribbles his personal notes on the paper.
Tiny squeaks softly sound and then deep scratches echo the noise around the room coming from behind the fluttering curtain drape, on the side wall, inside the Powder Room. Taffy turns with a puzzled brow to see the dangling curtain while continuing to hear the soft mysterious sounds.
“Mice.” Hico states and continues to scribble his notes on top of the paper with the ink pen.
She returns back and exhales with a puff of annoyance staring down at the paper, where Hico is writing in blue ink, in which, she cannot see the words or the sentences.
Inside the open archway, Tick appears and stands in silence staring down at the red tinted bite-hats painted hair on Hico.
Hico looks up to see Tick in silence. Tick drags his index finger across his naked throat. Hico nods in silence and then looks back down at the paper. Tick slowly moves inside the Power Room, stops, and stands beside the ratty blue curtain on the side wall.
Hico looks up with a smile and says to Taffy. “Miss Taffy, if you don’t mind, I have a section of live footage coming from a previous departed Apprentice that I would like for you to hear. Is this acceptable to you?” Taffy exhales with more annoyance at the tactical delay by Hico and then nods to him in silence.
He states. “I realize the time is getting late inside the cold evening, after our swift and deadly dance competition. You have a very long journey back home to South Beach. This live footage will take about five seconds of your precious teenly time. Is that okay with you, Taffy?” Taffy exhales in frustration and then nods for a second time in silence to Hico.
He grins then wiggles in his chair saying with a cheery demeanor, “Very good! I must express to you that this is the first time, within the program, that any entering or exiting Apprentice has reviewed a live testimony. I’m quite pleased that you have accepted my personal invitation,” he turns to the side wall and then nods, saying to Tick. “Drag away the curtain for me, please, Tick.” Taffy turns with a stern face and stares at the dangling curtain.
Tick reaches up and grabs a metal tab slowly pulling the curtain fabric to the side and then towards the end of the side wall revealing a row of eight individuals.
Each person stands on top of a short stool and presents a pair of naked toes barely touching the scratched wooden surface and as a tan-colored rope collar surrounds each naked throat muscle. A black-tinted cloth blindfold covers each eye socket for blindness; a blue-tinted cloth gag folds inside each open mouth for silence. Each person is tied by their two naked wrist bones held behind their back spine, duplicating a set of tied red-colored ropes around their two naked ankle bones.
The first individual, within the line is Una, who continues to wear Rusk’s black vest around her petite body and a set of red, blue, and green splattered bite-nats paint on her white colored undergarments. Her set of naked toe pads barely touches the wooden surface and as her body is slightly alleviated down from the hangman’s noose around her naked throat.
The rest of the row displays her petite, black-haired mother; her short, slender, grayish brown haired father; her blonde-haired, middle aged sister; her black-haired, middle-aged brother-in-law, her ten-year-old, black-haired baby sister, and her tiny blonde-haired, two-year-old niece, who represent Una’s immediately family members. Her family members were all present at the dance competition tonight too.
Inside the pink and rose tinted chair, Taffy gasps for air molecules filling her worried mind and then tumbles her weakened body down from the padded chair, landing on top of the dirty floor, sobbing with fear. She drops her chin down in her chest closing both of her two eyelashes. She cannot watch the galley of eight individual neck hangings, before her two blurry eyeballs.
Across from Taffy, inside the other chair, Hico drags his finger across his throat signaling the death action to Tick.
Tick swiftly moves ahead and then start to kick away each short stool from a pair of dangling bare feet while hearing the subtle snap of each neck bone coming from each hanging person. Then each person sounds with a set of soft grunts of suffering and finally a swift gasp with their last final breath, before each soul swiftly ascends into heavenly realm.
Hico and Tick watch and wear a smile as each body slowly sways back and forth, within an individual rope necktie, presenting a silent death day.
Tick slowly moves backwards holding the metal tab, dragging the ratty curtain back in front of the eight hanging dead bodies and then shuffles ahead towards the open archway, exiting the Powder Room. He presents a wicked grin and sounds with evil laughter standing inside the empty hallway, waiting on the next command from Dictator Hico.
Hico drops down from his chair and leans over releasing tons of his sour breathes on the top of her black-tinted hair roots saying with a smile. “Miss Taffy, if you are impressed with the set of live testimonies now, because I am very much as well. I have another set of live footage for your viewing pleasure. Please, stand up, Taffy!” He reaches down and grabs her elbow standing upright from the floor first then jerking Taffy onto her naked feet using his manly force. She stands in place and as her wet face produces heated streams of sad tears for a dead Una and all of her dead family members. 
Hico spins away from Taffy, moves ahead towards the forward wall, then stops. She slowly follows behind Hico, stops, then stands staring down at the wooden floor. She doesn’t want to see another hanging of an Apprentice female and all her family members again.
He reaches over and presses a button on the short interior wall within the stage platform. The hot pink wall swiftly morphs into white hue. She looks up and blinks at first and then sees a hidden glass window.
Behind the glass window, a row of sitting people stares back at Taffy. Her sister Tulu hugs McCamy and is crying. Her friend McCamy displays both of his folded fists expressing a deadly death to Hico. Her other childhood friend Hixson shows his middle finger to Hico. Her mother Tourann wrings both her hands and shifts her lips with soft words to Taffy. And her father Thelee wears a sour frown and nods to Taffy without speaking.
Inside the Power Room setting, Taffy grabs her throat muscles then gags in fear tumbling forward, slamming into the glass wall that blocks her hand touch from all her family members. She bangs on the glass and shouts out loud to her family members. “No! No! No!” She studies each one person expressing both her love and fear.
Hico releases the button. The glass window turns back into a hot pink tinted mist again and hides all her family members from Taffy’s eye sight.
Taffy slides down backwards from the glass window spinning around, resting on top of the dirty floor and then sobs in anger. She quickly leaps up from the floor with a lady sneer and flies in the air wiggling her fingernails at Hico. Tick appears and stands beside Taffy reaching out, yanking a handful of her brown short hair strands. He jerks Taffy backwards from the vicious kill shot at Hico.
Hico continues to stand in place and presents a smirk.
Tick shuffles Taffy further away from Hico and gathers both of her wrist bones pulling both of her arms behind her back spine. Taffy kicks her bare foot backwards and connects to his kneecap. Tick sways to the left tumbling down on the floor.
Taffy swiftly pivots around to see Tick and grabs his forearm flipping his heavy male body down on his back spine. He grunts in pain. She lifts up her naked foot and viciously stomps his face, breaking his nose, knocking him unconscious.
Wasp appears inside the archway and rushes ahead tackling Taffy at her waistline. They both fall down landing hard on top of the tile floor. Taffy pants in a set if heavy breathes from the vicious fight. Wasp stands upright on his kneecaps gathering both of her arms, folding her two elbows and then lifts Taffy upright standing on top of the floor.
Taffy yanks and then jerks her body side to side while growling and sneering at Hico. Her throat is too tight for a nasty comment; her two eyeballs are too moist seeing his smile. She inhales and then exhales trying to calm her fury using her rational thoughts that can lead towards killing Hico with both of her bare hands.
Hico moves ahead, stops, and stands releasing tons of sour bad breath molecules into her wet, red-tinted face of fury. He orders, “You will volunteer. You will participate. You will be leader. You will lead your hand-picked team.”
She looks down to see part of the floor through her blurred vision and then returns back up to Hico, closing her two eyelashes, feeling helpless and scared with worry. She says with a calm timber. “You will win.”
He back steps away from Taffy clapping with delight then says. “That’s the spirit, girl!”
She opens both of her eyelashes and sneers first then says with an abnormal alto timber to Hico. “I will win. Then I will kill you.”
“You will carry the team without both of the cowboys.”
She gasps in shock then says with a meek voice. “You said that the South Beach teams stays and plays together.”
Hico holds one finger near his smile then states with a stern tone. “Pick one cowboy, Baycliff or Rusk! You cannot have both. You, three are too good. I recommend the twin. When you win, you all can go back home to South Beach and live happily ever after.”
She growls first then states with her friendship plague. “I won’t harm my fellow South Beacher Baycliff.”
“You will not grunt one vowel of Una’s untimely death or Tulu’s temporary imprisonment, Taffy Pudding. I would strongly suggest for you to use your southern belle skills. Try demure and charm getting your man, smoothing the fight, and winning the prize.” Hico chuckles along with Wasp and then sneers finally ordering with a firm tone. “Release her! We will walk slowly down the hallway together. So, clear your thoughts and wipe your face, Taffy Pudding.” Wasp releases her but continues to stand behind her back spine in silence.
Hico scoots around Taffy and pads to the open archway leaving the room, waiting in the hallway for her.
Taffy rubs both of her palms over her sweaty face clearing the wet tears and dirty grime, scratching her the wet hair roots and then spins around wearing a stern face. She shuffles a right foot, a left foot, then a right foot padding ahead to the archway and then beside Hico.
The slowly walk down the hallway in silence. However, Taffy mentally concludes that this is her fault.
Taffy has gotten everyone captured, and now, maybe killed, including her loving parents. But Taffy will use all her southern belle traits consisting of smarts, strength, bravery, and courage for permanently escaping from a madman Director Hico and the creepy Metro City Birmingham property. However, her successfully escape plan heartbreakingly only includes one South Beach cowboy.
Baycliff is a smart, resourceful, and tough teen. He calls his friend McCamy, a snot-hole. Baycliff is the original snot-hole, jack-hole, and smart-hole, who is all rolled into one powerful arrogant personality.
The pond flamingos died from a series of heated rifle shots coming from Baycliff’s shotgun, when one of the pink-tinted water fowl bit into the bony leg on his stallion, where the stallion ran back home towards the bay nears the cliff. Baycliff had to walk home in both anger and fury. Then he came back to pond on a different unharmed stallion, un-mercifully killing all the flamingos.
Hixson enjoyed the retelling demon tale as the fake movie star.
In reality, Rusk had buried all the dead birds, taking back home all the surviving baby chicks, living in his fresh water pond. Rusk is a funny, bright, and tender teen, who is different from his smart-hole twin brother, which evens out the twin model as the “good one.”
Taffy realizes logic picks Rusk over Baycliff. Rusk is a devoted twin to both his family members and friends.
She understands love picks Baycliff. She has watched his puppy love routine turn into a concerned and cared boyfriend and then a mature compassionate and conquering warrior. She loves his sweet whispers, gently warm caresses, tight warm hugs, and loves him, too, but she doesn’t say it to herself or his face.

At 09:46 p.m., inside the Dance Hall setting, the large television screen over the entrance doors has been re-activated. No musical notes come from a new musical song plays inside the cold, dead room, for the cold, dead bodies either. The screen flips occasionally displaying crowds of people from each Colony. At the current Colony setting, a crowd of men, women, teens, children, and infants gather together, dancing around the dirt, cheering with chants and clapping to new musical song.
Taffy stumbles her naked toes through the open archway feeling a set of eyeballs on her semi-naked body. She shouts out loud for all eardrums to hear. “I’m participating.” She strolls into the open arms of Baycliff hugging onto his naked warm chest which heats her set of lustful passions and endless fears. She wears his steel biceps like a suit of protection armor around her shivering body as she lays her cheekbone on top of his collar bone sobbing with her new decision of something awful.
Hico follows behind Taffy and presents a smile advancing into the same room and then halts between Kodare and Vovina, saying at each teen dancer, “The North Ridge Heroes versus the South Beach Bandits. Do you like my new title and next challenge within the next dance competition? Yes, I do, too.”
The crowd of people, on the active television screen, bounces up and down hearing the words coming from Director Hico. The audience cannot see the empty dance floor but can hear the active words inside the room here in Metro City Birmingham through the active outer space transmitter unit.
Inside the Dance Hall, some teens start to cheer along with hand claps. Hico looks up and grins at the active television screen. “Since the Colonists don’t seem to mind neither an imposter nor a murderer, leader of the South Beach Bandits, please present your feminine self for the colorful decoration,” he turns and stares at the back spine on Taffy, who continues to hug the other troublemaker Baycliff. The television screen of people sounds with a series of loud boos and low animal hisses.
Taffy swallows a big gulp of thick bile back down from her tight throat recognizing the vocal signal from Hico, slowly pulling away from Baycliff’s warm hug. Baycliff clamps both of his biceps around her semi-naked body and whispers into her eardrum, “Taffy!”
Taffy jerks away from her happy cocoon and then back steps with a gasp feeling the cold air in the room and from Hico, at the same time. She stares with a worried brow and a deep secret at a stunned Baycliff, spinning around with a smirk, moving ahead towards Hico and then stops. She stands next to Hico and faces the semi-crooked line of teen dancers, who have survived the first dance fight. She exhales with hope and firmly states with a stern face. “I lead the team of South Beach Bandits.” The speaker box sounds with an array of loud boos and low hisses as the crowd of people bounce up and down in anger.
On top of the dance floor, Brazoria jabs her finger at Taffy, shaking her curls, saying with a nasty tone. “I ain’t following her! You said, Taffy Pudding is going back home. I wanna be the leader of South Beach. I’m a real Bandit here.” The speaker box echoes with an array of loud cheers and hand claps as the crowd of people continue bounce up and down in happiness.
“Pick your team, Bandit Leader!” Hico says with a smile. The speaker box sounds with an array of loud boos and low hisses again.
“Where’s Una?” Rusk asks and stands upright from his chair scanning the room for the missing teen.
Taffy exhales with her secret then softy states. “She is home now. She will not participate in the dance anymore,” she holds back the tears of hate staring at the other teens, evaluating her new team of fighting warriors for the next dance competition.
Forget teen girl Brazoria as a Bandit team member! She’ll stab Taffy in the heart with a pink-tinted flash blade and then walk away laughing with delight.
Etta snarls so lovingly at Taffy that her bite-nats orange lipstick pose might stick permanently on her distorted face.
Check off Pemona also! She darts her eyelashes to Brazoria and then down to the floor and then returns them back to see Brazoria while following that nasty Rider leader.
Don’t bother with any four remaining North Ridge Riders or the two surviving Swamplanders for any and all obvious life and death reasons!
Taffy turns and smiles at a sweet, plump, and baby-face Jellico. Jellico smiles and bounces up and down in place on her toes relying that she has gotta pee or wants to join the team! She is a lousy fighting warrior with nervous energy but a dedicated Bandit girl.
Taffy turns and smiles at Atoka. Atoka smiles back with a nod to Taffy. Atoka is a smart girl quick thinking with her mind and on her feet and a second dedicated Bandit girl.
Taffy turns and grins at Rusk and then Baycliff in silence. Each one nods in silence with the dangerous next dance competition to Taffy while accepting their fates as well. “Jellico!” Taffy looks back with a smile to Jellico. Jellico moves ahead with her bouncing movement and slams into a taller Taffy, hugging the leader at the waistline, spinning them in a short circle. Jellico displays a petite, queen-sized body frame, when she is compared to a taller Taffy. The speaker box echoes with an array of loud boos and low hisses and as the crowd of people bounce and dance around in their anger.
On the opposite side, a tall sexy Brazoria steps forward and waves both of her arms in the air, saying with a firm tone. “I’m the leader hero here. I take…” The speaker box sounds with loud cheers and numerous hand claps and as the crowd of people dance around in happiness.
Hico states and smiles at Brazoria. “Finish your selection process, Bandit Leader!” The speaker box echoes with another bombardment of loud boos and low hisses. He orders. “Please, go and reduce the volume sound on the television screen, Ant. Taffy will choose from all the remaining teens making up her warrior dance team first.”
“But she gets to select all the great picks. I get all of the leftovers.” Brazoria yells and stomps both of her shoes whining in worry.
“I’m not a leftover pot roast, Brazoria!” Etta shouts then shifts side to side crossing her arms, sneering at Hico.
Brazoria turns and sneers at the nose profile on Etta saying with a nasty tone. “I am not talking about you, twat!” She spins around and faces the other teens waving both of her arms in the air, saying with a stern face. “Do not side with any of the Bandits! Mouth spit your refusal to join the Bandit dance team! This is still a free country. Hear me now! I’m leader. I’m the hero!” She slaps her chest sounding with a low growl, nodding her bone skull several time.
“Bandit Leader!” Hico shouts with a grin at the current catfight.
“Atoka!” Taffy does not point but states with a smile to the teenager. Atoka moves ahead with a nod and then spins around standing beside Jellico. Jellico continues to bounce on her toes with happiness of delight.
Brazoria spins around with a sneer and faces Hico stating with a stern face. “Obviously, the next two picks are going to be those two South Beach cowboys. So, that makes a total of five Bandits. We win, it all, now! We possess seven teens which will kick each fanny off the Planet Earth and out into the Milky Way Galaxy,” she twirls in a circle and waves both of her arms in the air. The other teens slap hands, fists, and elbows at each other while they laugh, chuckle, and snigger at Taffy and her Bandit team members.
In the same teen line, Wolf stands tall and muscular displaying a tone of white tinted skin tissue, wearing a black vest and a pair of matching pants. He struts ahead with a smile towards Taffy and lifts both of his muscular arms in the air, shouting out loud with defiance, “I defect!”
Brazoria stops her swirl of happiness then spins around viewing the back spine on Wolf, gasping shock, shouting out her questions of confusion. “Where are you going there, Wolf-boy? What is Wolf-boy doing over there with the Bandits team, Lion? Go and stop him, Lion! What’s his name, Lion?”
“Call me, Wolf-man, lovely lady.” Wolf stops, stands, and bows down at his fit waistline to Taffy, standing upright with a smile then spins around rudely scooting between her and Hico. He stares with a grin at an anger Brazoria.
Brazoria jabs her finger and threats his life. “You’re dead, Wolf-boy!”
“My very last words to you, too, honey bear.” Wolf states then sounds with a sneer at Brazoria leaning down, mouthing spitting his salvia on top of the dirty floor. He stands upright and sound with a set of low growls at Brazoria again.
“Finish this, Bandit Leader! We got ‘bandit killing’ planning to do.” Brazoria orders and parks both of his fists on her hips starting to sneer at Taffy.
“Rusk!” Taffy states with a smile. Rusk dashes ahead and squeezes between Wolf-man and Taffy, wrapping his arm around Taffy, sounding with an array of soft chuckles. He leans over with a soft snarl into the nose profile on Wolf.
Taffy exhales with worry and sadness saying with a soft timber, “Bat!” She has obeyed Hico’s first rule selecting one South Beach cowboy for her new Bandit dance team while feeling a heavy heart of worry and sadness.
Bat gasps in shock and slaps his face smearing the black and yellow bite-nats paint. He slowly moves ahead and dances in a circle lifting both of his arms in the air, shouting out loud in victory. “Thank you! Thank you! Thank you, Taffy Pudding! And no thank you, Brazoria honey bear!” He spins around and moves backwards into the line standing beside Atoka, winking at Brazoria.
On the opposite side, Brazoria gasps in alarm and then jabs her finger at Taffy, stomping both of her feet, sneering at Hico. She yells, “She can’t steal him. Hico, do something right now! Taffy Pudding is breaking all the rules. I’m the leader here. Make her take the other South Beach cowboy! Do something, right now, Hico?”
Baycliff steps forward from his chair then halts standing between Taffy and the teens. He says with a worried brow to Taffy. “What’s going on here, Taffy?” He turns and scans the line of remaining teens feeling deep concern for his physical body, returning back to see Taffy. He states with a stern face, “I’m not a North Ridge Rider, Taffy. I belong with you and the other Bandits. I’m South Beacher, like you and Rusk.”
Brazoria jabs her finger at Bat saying with a nod, “Bat-boy, standing over there by Hico. Bat, is it? Come back over here to me, Bat-boy!” She orders and points to Baycliff. “Cowboy, you go over there with Taffy-girl!” Bat continues to stand beside Atoka, crinkles his bat nose, and wiggles his two bat ears, while laughing with the other teens at a silly Brazoria.
“I have decided here! Bat stays with the South Beach Bandits dance team.” Hico grins with a nod to Taffy and then Brazoria.
“No!” Brazoria screams in anger then bounces on top of the floor. “No! No! No!”
Baycliff looks down to see the floor and then up to see Taffy shaking his cropped blonde skull, saying with a worried brow. “You. You just signed my death warrant, girl. Please, tell me why, Taffy? I told you…you…”
Hico announces, “Baycliff, he is the leader of the North Ridge Mountain Riders.”
Brazoria stops her bounce then gasps in shock jabbing her finger, sneering at Hico. She yells, “This is not right, Hico! You heard Baycliff’s words. He is not from the North Ridge Mountains…”
“…and neither are you, Brazoria. The two teams are set and ready to go. Date is tomorrow. Competition ends, when every member of the opposite dance team is dead and smelly on top of the dirty soil. Done!” Hico states then laughs with an evil tone along with some of the other teens.
On the teen line, Baycliff spins around and scoots ahead standing next to Brazoria, jabbing his finger at Taffy. He states with a stern face, “Fine! Fine! Fine! Taffy and Company, as the newly designated leader of the North Ridge Mountain Riders, we accept your challenge and look forward to seeing your smelly and chopped up dead cadavers at our booted feet, tomorrow morning, at the next dance fight competition.” The Riders team members start to bounce on top of the floor creating loud cheers, hand claps, and lip whistles, except from a snarling Brazoria.
“Good night!” Hico states to the new group of dance fighters then spins around sounding with more evil laughter leading his employees towards the open archway. Vovina and Kodare swing around and follow behind the back spine on Hico without speaking to a teen. The dance judges continue to stand in place presenting a loaded hand gun and watch each teen inside the room.
Baycliff leads his new team of Riders from dance floor first and as they wildly cheer and chant songs of death and destruction on the Bandit teammates.
Taffy spins around first and faces the open archway wearing a worried brow and a heavy heart, slowly moving ahead towards the hallway, without Rusk. The rest of the team members follow behind Taffy, exiting the dance floor, moving down the opposite side of the hallway to prepare for the fight battle.




Bull Pen location
Living room setting
10:14 p.m.


The musical song You Spin Me Round (Like A Record) was released, in the month of August, in the year 1985, by the Great Britain musical Pop band named Dead or Alive. The musical band members included Tim Lever (keyboards); Mike Percy (bass guitar); Steve Coy (drums), and Pete Burns (vocals) living in Liverpool, Great Britain. The musical band played Dance Pop, Synth Pop, and New Wave musical sounds.


You spin me right ‘round, baby
Right ‘round like a record, baby

Right ‘round, ‘round, ‘round
You spin me right ‘round, baby
Right ‘round like a record, baby
Right ‘round, ‘round, ‘round

If I, I get to know your name
Well I could trace

Your private number, baby
All I know is that to me
You look like you’re lots of fun
Open up your lovin’ arms

I want some, want some
I’ve set my sights on you
(Like no one else will do)
And I, I’ve got to have
My way now, baby
All I know is that to me

You look like you’re havin’ fun
Open up your lovin’ arms

Watch out, here I come
You spin me right ‘round, baby
Right ‘round like a record, baby
Right ‘round, ‘round, ‘round

You spin me right ‘round, baby
Right ‘round like a record, baby
Right ‘round, ‘round, ‘round
I, I got to be your friend now, baby

And I, I-I-I-I would like to move
In just a little bit closer
All I know is that to me
You look like you're lots of fun
Open up your lovin’ arms
Watch out, here I come

You spin me right ‘round, baby
Right ‘round like a record, baby

Right ‘round, ‘round, ‘round
You spin me right ‘round, baby
Right ‘round like a record, baby
Right ‘round, ‘round, ‘round

I want your love
I want your love
All I know is that to me
You look like you’re lots of fun
Open up your lovin’ arms
Watch out, here I come
You spin me right ‘round, baby
Right ‘round like a record, baby
Right ‘round, ‘round, ‘round
You spin me right ‘round, baby
Right ‘round like a record, baby
Right ‘round, ‘round, ‘round, ‘round
You spin me right ‘round, baby
Right ‘round like a record, baby
Right ‘round, ‘round, ‘round
You spin me right ‘round, baby
Right ‘round like a record, baby
Right ‘round, ‘round, ‘round


Bright red blood proteins splatter against the dull yellow tinted wall, down on top of the dull wooden floor, and covers Lion’s folded fist. The splattered blood proteins came from Gator’s broken nose.
Baycliff slams his back spine against the side wall, inside familiar Bull Pen setting, avoiding the launched hand missile, softly sniggering at the bloody incident, not involving his precious body parts. A couple of teens clear the open archway advancing ahead into a living room setting with chairs, side tables, sofas, and a food pantry passing an anger Lion, an injured Gator, and a laughing Baycliff.
Lion spins around with a low growl and then moves ahead to three matching ratty green and yellow colored sitting sofas.
Gator slowly limps ahead babying his bloody nose with both of his bloody hands, sliding down into a ratty blue and orange stripped sofa, sounding with low moans in aching pain.
Hugging the side wall, Baycliff shuffles ahead then struts ahead sounding with laughter towards a single chair, within the familiar living room setting. He lectures to all his new teammates, “Learn and live! Or live and learn! But do it, before you get quiet and then dead! Yeah, that’s my new motto! I wanna share it with everyone.”
Lion halts, spins around, and blocks wearing a sour frown, blowing tons of bad breath molecules in Baycliff’s face. He says with a nasty timber, “I don’t like you.”
“I don’t like him either.” Petite Etta halts and stands behind the back spine on Baycliff then scoots sideways shouting at Lion. “But he’s going to win the next fight battle for us. Since I wanna live to see the sunrise tomorrow. Get away from him, Lion! Go and sit down right now! Get marching, Baycliff! Teach and tell us more, so we survive this death fight!” Etta reaches out and shoves Baycliff away from Lion pointing at a different chair for Lion. Her eyeballs return back to see the living room setting. She swiftly scoots around both Baycliff and Lion finding an empty space on the same ratty sofa with Gator, reaching over with her hand and gently touches his arm. Gator grunts in pain. Etta exhales with worry about the upcoming new death dance competition tomorrow.
Lion continues to stand in place, without worry, feeling his furious anger at Baycliff and the rest of the Bandits.
Baycliff marches ahead through a clear footpath and claps with a smile scooting around the sitting chair in front of the forward wall and a non-working bricked fireplace. He sits down in a pretty purple and pink tinted ratty chair as the leader of the Riders, viewing each eager warrior, speaking clearly, “Bite-nats 101. Today, you have learned stupid poopy think objects, such like, a silly bird mask or a pretty ruffled dress. Tomorrow, we play hardball. Grab a large brush! Paint your body from your throat down to toes in one color or lots of colors of bite-nats paint. It doesn’t matter now. Then think object: battle armor.” Loud hoots, hand claps, lip whistles, and foot stomps erupt in unison from the Riders.


Hallway setting
Cold temperatures and gray sky with no stars
10:18 p.m.

Taffy leads her band of South Beach Bandits away from the dance hall into the loud hallway while hearing the Rebel yells from all the team members on both the obnoxious and nasty North Ridge Mountain Riders and then the musical notes from a new musical tune.
The musical song I Wanna Dance with Somebody (Who Loves Me) was released on May 2, 1987, by American musical artist Whitney Houston. The musical song was produced by Narada Michael Walden and written by George Merrill and Shannon Rubicam. The musical theme of the song is wishing a girl will find that their special person with love. Her musical songs played Dance Pop and Pop sounds.


Huh! Yeah! Woo.
Hey! Yeah! Huh!
O yeah! Uh huh! Yeah!
I wanna dance

Clock strikes upon the hour
And the sun begins to fade
Still enough time to figure out
How to chase my blues away
I’ve done alright up, until now
It’s the light of day that shows me how
And when the night falls
Loneliness calls

O! I wanna dance with somebody
I wanna feel the heat with somebody
Yeah! I wanna dance with somebody
With somebody who loves me

O! I wanna dance with somebody
I wanna feel the heat with somebody
Yeah! I wanna dance with somebody
With somebody who loves me

I’ve been in love and lost my senses
Spinning through the town
Sooner or later the fever ends
And I wind up feeling down
I need a man who’ll take a chance
On a love that burns hot enough to last
So. when the night falls
My lonely heart calls

O! I wanna dance with somebody
I wanna feel the heat with somebody
Yeah! I wanna dance with somebody
With somebody who loves me

O! I wanna dance with somebody
I wanna feel the heat
Yeah! I wanna dance with somebody
With somebody who loves me

Somebody who, somebody who
Somebody who loves me
Somebody who, somebody who
To hold me in his arms, oh

I need a man who’ll take a chance
On a love that burns hot enough to last
So, when the night falls
My lonely heart calls

O! I wanna dance with somebody
I wanna feel the heat with somebody
Yeah! I wanna dance with somebody
With somebody who loves me

O! I wanna dance with somebody
I wanna feel the heat with somebody
Yeah! I wanna dance with somebody
With somebody who loves me

Oooh!
(Dance!)
You know, baby!
(Dance!)
Woo! Yeah!
(Dance!)
Now get with this!
Woah!

Don’t you wanna dance (dance) with me, baby?
Don’t you wanna dance (dance) with me, boy?
Hey! Don’t you wanna dance (dance) with me, baby?
With somebody who loves me

Don’t you wanna dance?
Say you wanna dance!
Don’t you wanna dance?
(Dance!)

Don’t you wanna dance?
Say you wanna dance!
Don’t you wanna dance?
(Dance!)

Don’t you wanna dance?
Say you wanna dance! Uh-huh! (Dance!)
With somebody, who loves me

Oooh! (Dance!)
Oooh! (Dance!)
Oooh! (Dance!)
Hey, baby!


From the ugly hallway, Taffy leads her teammates and enters into the Art Gallery pointing at each chop block, saying with a stern face and a worried heart. “Grab a chop block!” She moves ahead, stops, and stands in front of the room, where Vovina would lecture, during the class session. She exhales with worry and expresses with a stern face, “All right! Everyone share all your knowledge of bite-nats. We need a winning strategy for tomorrow’s competition with the Riders.”
“I just thunk the animal.” Wolf stops, pulls out the chair, then slumps down over the wooden chop block table surface reaching out, flipping the top on several bite-nats paint cans. He examines the pretty glittering colors in silence.
Rusk appears and stands inside the open archway, parking both of his fists on his fit waistline, wearing a puzzled brow, shouting to Taffy over the noise. “Why didn’t you pick Baycliff for our team, Taffy? He’s our old friend from South Beach, and school, and the farm…”
“Based on that boy’s last body harming and fist-fighting words, I change that to un-friend now.” Bat states then slides down into an empty chair reaching out, flipping off the top and re-paints his exposed naked skin in midnight black bite-nats paint as he readies for anything within this weird and scary dance competition.
Jellico enters into the room, stops, then slides down into an empty padded chair starting to wash off the red, white, and green bite-nats paint from both of her arms using the provided tiny bucket of cold water. She says with a smile, “My bite-nats paint experience was creating my pretty dress for the dance competition, which is over with now. I wanna go back home now. Is your name really Taffy, like a dish of Taffy pudding, like the eating dessert?”
Rusk struts through the archway towards the first row of chop block table near Taffy sitting down close to her wearing a puzzled brow, in silence.
Taffy turns and says with a frown to Rusk. “Does Baycliff know about the bite-nats paint also?”
“Naw,” Rusk states then exhales with worry, “Why did you let Baycliff go with the other teens, Taffy? He’s not a Rider.”
“That was a good decision to leave that cowboy off our dance team!” Wolf continues to sit and start to add red tinted bite-nats onto his naked skin wearing a grin and softly chuckling.
“Do you think Baycliff still breathes? Lion ain’t a forgiving jungle king.” Bat continues to paint his naked pale tinted skin in black paint and start to laugh with amusement.
Taffy continues to stand behind her chop block and looks up to see each team member saying with a stern face. “Enough about the Riders and Baycliff right now! The discussion thread is bite-nats. We can paint body armor all over our naked skin for protection,” she reaches down and flips off the first paint can, exposing the color of blue, dunking her finger pad into the cool liquid. She jerks her finger from the canister painting a circle of blue color onto her semi-naked chest with a single ribbon around her neck muscles. She does not close her two eyelashes but mentally performs the think object: shield. A bite-nats shield brightly glows in blue hue and covers her chest dangling from her naked throat.
She looks up to see each team member, who sits at a chop block table with rows of bite-nats paint canisters. She exhales with a puff of worry then states with her stern face, “All right! Now, we each paint a flash blade inside each forearm.” She reaches down and dunks her finger pad into the cool liquid again, jerking it out, painting a straight line inside each anterior arm trailing down into the open palm on her hand.
She mentally performs the think object: flash blades. A pair of bite-nats flash blades glitters in blue paint inside each anterior arm meat. She flips each physical flash blade up from her arm and then catches each object in the air displaying each deadly weapon near her jaw line. She states with a smile. “You can move around the think object by touching the human skin. That means, something new. Like this! Watch this move!”
She mentally performs the think object: paint. The flash blades turn back into blue paint smearing on each one of her anterior forearms. She washes off the blue paint from her arms.
Then she reaches down and dunks her clean finger pad back down into the blue paint leaning down, drawing a single long line on her naked thigh down to her kneecap, standing upright.
She mentally performs the think object: spear. A bite-nats spear gleams in blue paint on her naked leg.
She reaches down and touches it plucking the bite-nats weapon in the air as the leg spear brilliantly twinkles like blue sapphire gem stone in her cupped hand. She say with a smile. “We can extend the bite-nats paint by drawing up or down and short or long to create both leg and arm spears. What else uses the properties of bite-nats?” She looks back to see each team member exhaling with annoyance saying with a stern tone. “I’m doing all the thinking here, Bandits!”
Wolf continues to sit at the chop block table and laughs out loud for fun teasing Taffy, “Correction there: thinking object or think objecting, Bandits!”
Taffy mentally performs the think object: paint. The bite-nats spear morphs into blue paint and covers her naked skin.
She reaches down and tosses each paint lid in the air as each lid hits the floor with a soft ting. She stares down at each color without touching the paint but offering new ideas to her team members as the Bandit Leader. She lectures, “All right! We try this too. You place the bite-nats paint all over your entire body. Think object: chest armor. The chest armor will protect your body from an impact collision during the vicious Rider fight. Think object: helmet. The hard helmet will protect your brains to continue the vicious Rider fight. Think object: boots. A new set of bite-nats boots will protect your legs and are good for kicking the fanny of each Rider during the vicious fighting. Think object: armor gloves. A pair of armor gloves will protect your fists and knuckles during the vicious hand-to-hand combat fighting. Think object: eyeglasses…”
“O yeah!” Rusk shouts out loud then stands upright from the chair spinning around, winking to see each male on the South Beach Bandit team. “Do not paint a pair of rounded eye glasses over one or more rounded membrane or membranes that protrude out from your delicate biological body! You’ll get a set of bad sucky consequences, if you know what I mean,” he chuckles with the other teen males.
Taffy looks up with a chuckle to see the back spine on Rusk saying with a nod. “That’s a very good point for the males, Bandit Rusk! Do you wanna share any more useful or useless information about bite-nats paint to the females?”
“She’s a real leader!” Wolf yells and waves his red-tinted bite-nats armor battle hand to Taffy blowing her a kiss, for fun.
“And she’s a pretty leader, to boot!” Bat shouts then chuckles reaching over, slapping the bicep on Wolf.
Wolf states then laughs. “Brazoria, she’s pretty but bites.”
“You mean, she stings and pees, when touched. Wonder if she’s stinging Baycliff, right now?” Bat claps with laughter.
Rusk spins around and chuckles sliding back down, sitting in the padded chair. He looks up and asks with a puzzled brow to Taffy. “Why did you leave Baycliff behind with the rest of the Riders, Taffy?”
Her upper body is covered in blue tinted bite-nats paint and as Taffy continues to stand behind the chop block in front of the room. She exhales with both annoyance and worry, saying with a stern face to each team member, “All right! Practice your think object using one or all of my visual illustrations. I’ll come back and inspect each weapon providing a verbal evaluation on your personal survival battle gear and all of your accompanying deadly weapons,” she back steps from the chop block and then spins around shuffling ahead towards the short stage platform with a dangling beige-tinted ratty curtain drape. She orders with a stern face. “Rusk, come over here and help me please!” Rusk stands upright from the chair and follows behind the back spine of Taffy.
She jumps on the stage and scoots behind the hanging curtain seeing a solid wall. She dashes ahead with hope and slams into the solid wall of dull orange paint rubbing the smooth wood, seeking the secret button, without tattling her secret to Rusk.
He marches up the stage and scoots behind the ratty curtain looking at each smooth wall in dull orange paint then gasps in shock. He views Taffy’s fanny then chuckles in amusement. He asks. “What are you doing behind this ratty curtain, Taffy? Well, this is a new spot for a…”
“A hidden panel is located somewhere in here. If we find it…”
Rusk does not move but reaches out viciously slamming the wall with his hand for her full attention. She jumps backwards from the solid wall and the loud sound standing upright, spinning around She sneers staring into his pair of blue eyeballs, like his twin brother McCamy.
Taffy concludes that McCamy, Hixson, Tulu, and her parents are not located behind the disguised glass enclosure anymore, since Hico has moved them out of her reach, but Taffy will find them later, before or during or after the dance fight competition.
She stops sneering then exhales with annoyance saying with a firm tone to Rusk. “You are counter-wo-man-ing all of my Bandit girly leadership commands, Rusk.”
He exhales with worry then calmly states, “Why Taffy? Baycliff is right. You have personally signed his death warrant. Those crazy and wild Riders will kill him, if Baycliff ain’t dead already.”
Taffy shakes her cropped brown pixie and softly chuckles at the silly idea saying with a smile. “Baycliff is a smart resourceful snot-hole, like his friend McCamy. His famous last words have made him a true hero to the North Ridge Mountain Riders and a sworn enemy to us. They wanna win. They want the bite-nats paint tubes. Baycliff will achieve both of those, for them. And you don’t even like him, Rusk.”
“Someone else seems to fit that vivid description which has opened my eyeballs, Taffy,” he exhales with worry then states with a firm tone. “But I hold secret in my heart my private feelings about Baycliff and my personal reasons to dislike him. But he is…”
“…our friend…”
He says with a smile. “Do you remember the past time? When he shot all of Hixson’s flamingos, you tossed his butthole down into the fresh water pond and then stormed off towards the barn,” Rusk chuckles with delight. Taffy is a strong fierce female. Rusk imagines her as a wonderful wife and good mother with his unborn children.
She smiles. “Then you brought me a fistful of twin bouquets of honeysuckles. Cheered me up good! We separated the spines and then sucked down the sweet nectar, like King God Zeus and Queen Goddess Hera, those two crazy immortal Greek immortals of Ancient World History. I smelled like honey for three days in my hair, my ears, my…”
He kisses her lips holding the kiss for a few seconds, pulling back with a smile, saying with a soft timber. “Bite-nats don’t like sweet honeysuckles to me.” She smiles. He continues, “Thanks for picking me over…” he exhales with worry. “I don’t understand your reason, Taffy. But I promise to obey all of your obtuse commands, Bandit Leader. And I do know some tidbits about bite-nats that might just save our fanny from the rough team of Riders.” He pulls back from her face then turns with a puzzled brow staring at the dull orange-tinted solid wall, asking the question. “What about this wall?”
She shakes her brown pixie and says with a stern face, “Nothing’s over there! I was thinking out loud. Let’s go and build a Bandit strategy for winning against those fake horse riders!”
“Look at me!” The voice of Wolf shouts within the room.
Rusk and Taffy emerge out from behind the ratty curtain and stand on top of the stage staring at the new scene, sounding with laughter.
On the rear wall, Wolf stands upright against the wall, wearing red-tinted bite-nats body armor from his hair roots down to his toenails, featuring a helmet face mask and spiked gloves. Atoka and Bat both attack Wolf with a series of golf-sized, colored balls in white, silver, and black pinging against his body armor. Each flying ball prettily explodes in the air, without harming any precious body parts on Wolf.
Jellico stands next to her chop block table and wears a newly painted golden color bite-nats ankle-length gown over her petite, queenly body while chuckling at Wolf also.
Atoka stands beside her chop block table and rears back tossing a single whitish-silver tinted bite-nats spear into the body armor on Wolf for another fighting bout while she sniggers with the fun event.
Bat stands beside at his chop block table and pitches with force a series of silver tinted balls at the legs and feet on Wolf while laughing with fun.
Taffy strolls ahead towards Atoka, stops, and stands behind the chop block reaching out, touching a round shape. The small rock has been painted in white bite-nats with a set of black-tinted sprinkles. She asked with confusion, “Is this some type of new weapon, Atoka?”
Atoka smiles and winks to Wolf, “Cockroaches!”
Taffy gasps in shock and jerks her hand away from the painted object presenting a sour frown of disgust.
Atoka points at Wolf and says with a smile. “We found tons of live and dead beetles in the wall corner. Great idea! When the thing crawled onto his arm, Wolf smacked it senseless and then painted it for fun. He mentally performed the think object: rock. The semi-conscious black tinted cockroach turned magically into a whacked out rocky thingy. Do you wanna touch one?”
Taffy is used to living with a set of live insects and small rodents on her dad’s crop farm, but she does not desire to hold a live insect for fun.
Atoka laughs then states. “Whatever!” She rears back and launches another painted dead cockroach at Wolf.
Wolf continues to stand against the rear wall holding both of his arms in the air, exposing his protected bite-nats painted chest and survives all the cockroach bombardment. He drops both of his arms and then crosses the hands saying with a smile. “I call time out here.” He moves ahead and then stops standing in front of Atoka and Taffy, pointing down at his red body armor which is covered in tiny body parts of white paint and dead cockroaches. He states, “Can you see my body armor, boss lady? I possess full body armor for my protection along with a bite-nats newly created matching backpack that secretly holds all of my bite-nats cock-rocks and other assorted deadly weapons for the dance competition, tomorrow morning.” He taps against his painted chest, both of his arms and then his legs, saying with a smile. “Please do remember! A flash blade will cut deeply into tender flesh. The body armor gives us a second chance to dash or to hide or to fight. I prefer fighting all these suckers for the k…”
“Excellent strategy here, Wolf!” Taffy states with a nod and claps with a smile at the good work of her new Bandit team members.
Jellico looks up with a puzzled brow to see Wolf and then the other team members, who are covered in body armor of glittering bite-nats paint.
The bite-nats head dress and mask on Bat displays a pair of bright yellow rings around both of his natural eye sockets and a touch of purple color forms an upside frown across his natural lips. His entire semi-naked body is covered in midnight black bite-nats paint. His back spine exhibits a pair of nine feet bird wings scattered with individual sharp pointy spikes for both his body protection and defense.
Both of his covered long sleeves on each anterior fleshy arm exhibits a set of open slants that reveal a set of painted on long and short flash blades. More parted yellow tinted slants inside each anterior leg calf holds another set of long and short painted on flash blades, for quick access, to kill his enemy, within the upcoming dance fight competition.
The red shiny body armor on Wolf is highlighted in lines of golden tinted razor blades covering his chest, both of his hand fists, both of his naked arms, both of his naked legs, and a pair of booted bite-nats boots on his naked feet. His mask contains a set of pointy spiked ears for skull protection and a series of thick black sharp whiskers for safety, on his human face.
One touch of a human hand against an extended pointy spike will create tons human blood proteins for the other fighter dying on the floor.
Both of his black tinted covered arms and calf legs show a series of open slants in yellow hue that hold large and short painted on flash blades. The red tinted backpack over his collar bone contains all of the home-made cock-rocks.
Jellico exhales with worry and then bursts into her tears of fear saying to all her new teammates. “I find all this hard to imagine a set of nasty armor gear over my new pretty ballgown dress,” she touches the soft dress and presents a sad face. “I do try. Do you see how thickly that I have painted my two arms with the paint? They shimmer in silver color with diamonds looking pretty and protected. Atoka told me the thicker paint forms the body armor along with some pointy sharp spikes, thorns, barbs to impale my…”
Taffy exhales with worry and then turns to see Rusk for his manly assistance. During the vicious dance fight, Apprentice Jellico had hidden inside the farthest wall corner, on the dance floor, which saved her life.
“I help!” Bat yells and moves ahead winking with a smile to Jellico, reaching out and grabs her hand. They stroll towards the wall corner. He stops and stands at the last chop block leaning down, rummaging through the single drawer and finds an old fashion ink pen and a pad of notebook paper. He hands the items to Jellico. He leans down and removes each paint can placing each one on top of the floor from two different chop blocks, standing upright again. Then he reaches over and drags each furniture piece together building a set of two sideway tables, leaning against the wall, and creates a hard sitting surface for two people. Bat reaches down and grabs one of the open paints can splattering purple paint over the two chop blocks, reaching out, touching the furniture.
He mentally performs the think object: sofa. The two chop block tables quickly materialize into a thickly padded purple-tinted sofa. Bat sits down on top of the sofa fabric patting an empty seat for Jellico. She moves ahead with a smile and spins around sitting down beside Bat.
He takes the pen and the notepad from Jellico drawing a piece of art work, showing Jellico. She nods with a smile at his drawing. He rips the paper from the pad and places the drawing down into her open palm saying with a smile. “Okay! Stand up for me, Jellico.” Jellico slowly stands upright from the bite-nats purple sofa sounding with a giggle of happiness. He stands upright from the purple tinted sofa next. Then the soft sofa morphs back into an array of spilled purple tinted bite-nats paint on top of two sideways chop block tables. He moves ahead from the hard furniture and spins around staring at Jellico, nodding with a smile. “Think object: unicorn.”
She looks down at the drawing then mentally performs the think object: unicorn. Her silver-tinted, ankle-length ball gown quickly morphs into a long dress of thick, hairy, long strands of silver, where each end tip is sharpened into a spike for her body protection.
He leans down and opens each paint can selecting a range of new colors for her naked face. He paints her face, eye sockets, nose, lips, and finally her short black hair strands, standing upright with a smile, back stepping from Jellico. He orders, “Now, think object: a crown and a unicorn face.”
Her female face transforms into a yellow-tinted hairy unicorn covering her human face, displaying a set of pale green tinted eye sockets, a long pink tinted muzzle on her nose and lips while breathing in air molecules. A thorny pale blue crown covers her black hair roots which protects her bone skull.
Bat smiles then says. “There you go, princess! You possess a set of prickles, instead of spikes, but they’re effective none the less,” he turns and motions to Wolf. “Hit her, Wolf! But be very gentle! Okay?”
Wolf stands beside his chop block and nods in silence rearing back, tossing a single white cock-rock at her silver tinted unicorn hairy gown. The white cock-rock prettily explodes against the hairy spiky body armor. Jellico barely bounces wearing the heavy creation while making the thorns shake side to side on her new dress creation.
Bat grins then says. “Do you see? You are protected, now, unicorn princess.” The other team members clap and cheer for both Bat and Jellico.
Atoka stands beside her chop block table and wears a vicious Raptor bite-nats mask with a pair of orange tinted eye sockets, a yellow colored sharp beak, and a series of gray, black, and white horizontal stripes around her skull, both of her arms, both of her legs which camouflages her human body for a seek and destroy mission as a South Beach Bandit. Her pair of raptor wings expands upwards into eight feet in length and possesses tiny razor sharp clawettes around the wing edge. A medium-sized matching orange-tinted saddle pack hangs down from her hip filled with her homemade white-tinted cock-rocks also.
During the painting exhibition, Rusk advanced to a chop block table and finished painting his human body. Diagonal long strips of alternating brown and white line across his semi-naked body. He wears a brown and white tinted Saber-toothed Tiger bite-nats mask with a pair of long yellow tinted fangs dangling down from a set of black tinted lips and a series of red short spikes covers his skull.
His mask also displays a brown tinted nose, a pair of dark green tinted eye sockets, and a set of blue tinted cheekbones.
The front view of his arms, both of his legs, and his throat exhibit a set of long hairy strands of bright red and blue bite-nats paint, where each end tip is sharp. The rear view of his skull, neck, back spine, and the back of each one his legs, all is painted in solid yellow long hairy strands of dull yellow bite-nats paint creating an illusion of an object while hiding a person.
An oval-shaped backpack acts like a white tinted chest shield protecting his upper body. A set of gray tinted claws protrude from each red tinted bite-nats glove, for new cool look.
Taffy continues to stand in place and whispers for her eardrums only. “A leader leads.” She yells with a smile to her teammates, “Okay! Everyone passes my inspection with their dangerous body armor and set of painted flash blades along with the creative cock-rocks things. Are there any more brilliant ideas for a set of deadly weapons? Can we use anything else inside this room?” Each team member turns and scans the room looking for more insects or new weapon ideas.
Rusk reaches down and collects all of the paint cans from the wood surface storing them inside his oval backpack on his wide chest, saying with a smile. “I have a great idea for a weapon. Grab some of the paint cans and stow inside your personal backpack. If you get sprayed with any type of wet liquid consisting of water or even a type of favored or flavored beverage, remember the paint washes off immediately exposing your unprotected naked skin. Then you will revert back to a human and you are un-protected to a vicious Rider. You can splat a quick color dot of paint from the captured paint can and then think object: armor to save your hind.”
“That’s a great life-saving tip, Bandit!” Taffy states with a smile then exhales with worry presenting a stern face.
Wolf stands in place and then touches his temple saying with a stern face. “Think object: food.” The other teens laugh.
“If you can oblige my hungry belly, fearless leader?” Bat states with a nod then laughs again with the other teens.
“Leader twirls. Leader dances. Leader looks. Leader…” Taffy shouts then spins around with a smile disappearing behind the dangling curtain. She had seen the stacked items in the wall corner. Hico or his nasty dance guards had rummaged through each backpack belonging to Rusk, McCamy, Hixson, Baycliff, and Taffy, which in turn, had nicely pinpointed their clever teenly disguise, within the Sniff the Sweet Honeysuckles Dance event. Each backpack had been emptied and then searched for a new weapon but only discovered a set of food items. The ratty backpack had been tossed down on the floor in the opposite wall corner.
Taffy slides down over the hard wood grabbing one of the backpacks, collecting all the food and beverages items for her teammates. She stands upright from the wooden stage and dashes around the dangling curtain, moving ahead with a smile, reaching down and holds a packet of crackers near her jaw line. She slowly advances ahead and tosses the individual packets of crackers in the air to selected teammates, for fun.
“Leader disappears. Leader emerges. Leader attacks.” Wolf stands by his chop block table and re-paints his body looking up to see Taffy. He lifts both of his arms in the air and catches the two packets of crackers in each palm sitting down on the floor, ripping off the protective wrapping and crams them into an open mouth. He chews with a sweet moan.
Taffy doles out all the discovered food items to each team member spinning around, returning back and sits on top of the short elevated stage with Rusk. She drops the backpack of food for tomorrow’s breakfast and then grabs a pack of crackers, opening the wrapping. She gobbles down the stale crackers experiencing exhaustion, hunger, and worry, exhaling with a deep sigh. She softy asks with a worried tone, “Do you think Baycliff is okay, Rusk? He’s okay, isn’t that right, Rusk? Rough and tough snot-hole McCamy, he’ll be mad if his only friend Baycliff in the entire world gets hurt.
Rusk laughs out loud before eating another cracker shaking his bone skull. “You can’t harm Baycliff. No one can harm Baycliff. He gets his height, strong, ego, attitude, and meanness from his daddy. His daddy is the sheriff of South Beach for that very reason. No one messes with that Son of a Gun. Period! That Son of the Gun has the biggest farm, the biggest gun, and the biggest mouth his…naw…this side of the dried up Mississippi River stream.” He chuckles with amusement then eats the cracker.
“Yeah,” she states then laughs with delight at the tough manly personality on Baycliff. She informs. “McCamy and Baycliff are the same and act like a set of twin brothers, but not,” she exhales with a puff of worry then asks. “Where did you find your tender caring feelings, as the younger brother of smart-hold McCamy, Rusk?”
Rusk swallows the lump of wet dough then looks up to see the ceiling, saying. “And let us praise the Good Lord for Tulu!” He looks down and views Taffy, saying with a grin. “Tulu, she gives McCamy one tender caring feeling. Else he’d be no different from the solid limestone emotionless cliffs, where we still play as teens,” he looks down at the floor and then returns back to see Taffy, saying with a smile. “You did the right thing faking the successful ploy, coming here to Metro City Birmingham. You did some good here, Taffy, the Plan Mistress. We all will survive this, including a snot-hole Baycliff. I predict me and you might have to rescue his fanny a couple of times, before this thing ends, tomorrow night. Are you up for a manly battle with me and then a girly rescue of Baycliff, Bandit Leader?” She leans over with a grin then tickles his rib cage, for fun, sounding with soft laugh then sits upright eating another cracker.
Rusk catches her arm then wraps his arm around her body whispering into her eardrum. “McCamy and Hixson ain’t sitting still on top of the living room sofa at South Beach while we wait here in Metro City Birmingham. They’ll come soonest. They’ll bring back my daddy and my daddy’s shotgun and your daddy and your daddy’s shotgun. I can tell you that…”
She chokes on the food item coughing out loud, guarding her worried secret.
He drops the cracker packet down on the floor and then leans over slapping her back spine, clearing her esophagus of the wet uneaten food. Taffy mouth spits a wet lump of food down on top of the floor, wiping her gathered tears from each eye socket. He tenderly asks with worry. “Taffy, are you okay, honey bun? You need to remember to chew the food item with each tooth molar and then swallow only all the chewed food,” he chuckles with amusement gently rubbing her back spine.
She coughs again and clears out the last particles of unchewed food from her esophagus, saying with a light croak. “Right!” She says in her natural timber, “Chew the food and then swallow! I just forgot,” Taffy continues to wipe off her gathered tears from each eye socket while worrying about her family and friends.
Rusk leans over with a smile whispering into her cheekbone, “When this mess is all done. And we get back home to my farm. Taffy, I want like us to…”
“...go to bed, right now, love birds!” Wolf states appearing before Taffy and Rusk, reaching down and slaps his red tinted spiked bite-nats glove on top of Rusk’s collar bone, saying with a smile. “Get some rest!” He stands upright and lectures to the young couple nodding with a stern face. “I don’t know the time of day or night our new fight dance or dance fight or death dance competition will start. Hico has too many deadly surprises in store for us, tomorrow,” he body spins away from Taffy and Rusk and moves ahead tossing both of his red tinted bite-nats painted arms in the air, saying with a grin. He explains and demonstrations at the same time to all the teens, “Drop down a couple of chop blocks. Paint up a set of pretty pillows, soft blankets, and bed covers for your tired body. Close your two eyelids. Touch the wet paint. Then dream of satiny sheets, you’ll sleep like a crib of drooling babies tonight,” he laughs and stops gently preparing six individual chop blocks to form a king-sized bed mattress, touching the wet bite-nats paint. His bed mattress displays a gold-tinted thick bedcover with rows of tiny white-tinted diamond shapes and numerous individual pillows. His body slides down on top of the golden matching bed linens still wearing the body armor for his sleeping ritual. Above his red tinted painted bone skull, the bed frame is golden tinted bite-nats paint too with four individual columns surrounding and guarding his person. The other teens stare then chuckle with delight admiring the kingly bedroom set for the sleepy King Wolf. Then they start to create their own simply or elaborate bedroom setting for the nightly ritual of sleep without nightmares.


Dance Hall location
Stage Platform setting
10:58 p.m.

Hico, Vovina, and Kodare, along with some of the dance guards, have all returned back into the semi-clean dance hall, stepping over the numerous rows of lighted candles that fumigate the smelly odor of death, within the enclosed room. The death bodies and body parts of teens have been removed and are finally boxed up sending back to their immediate family kinfolks. The cleaning crew is still working on the floor tiles, the wallpaper, and the ceiling tiles while either removing the blood stains, painting over the blood strains or deciding to leave the blood stains. No new musical notes plays in the background for the workers or the employees.
The two surviving superintendents and Hico have arrived here to discuss the future plans for the next upcoming dance fight competition standing on top of the stage platform, viewing each other. Vovina walks on the lip of the stage. Kodare sits in his own chair beside Hico.
“Kiss my bite-nats! That cowgirl picked a Rider male over her own South Beach cowboy. Yeehaw! This Apprenticeship Program has proven to be a wave of great entertainment this year rather than the usual dull Kodarian Social Event.” Vovina states with laughter, spins around, and smiles at Kodare. She has washed off her old bite-nats paint and has applied a new coat in pretty rainbow colors. Her skin glows in pink hue; her makeup shines in pinks and purples and her long hair strands are colored in strawberry blonde. She models a short dress in lavender featuring short sleeves, a round neckline, and a ruffled skirt and dances on a pair of high heeled lavender fashion sandals. Her toenails are painted in bright red; her fingernails in dark green hue.
Kodare has washed off his beautiful bite-nats paint also and does not wear a new coat covering his 51 year old manly body, displaying his naturally wrinkled, ghostly pale-skin tone, a head of cropped dark brown hair strands, and a pair of tired blue eyes. He dresses in a pair of faded blue jeans, a long-sleeved flannel shirt in red, yellow, and green checks, a red tinted hoodie jacket, and a pair of unpolished brown cowboy boots covering his cold shivering body from the cool air temperatures in the winter month of January. The bite-nates paint helps to control both the hot and the cold weather elements on a human body too. He continues to sit and performs a low hiss then states to Vovina, “I ain’t dull, doll! Come over to my…”
“My word!” She states then smiles. “Why did you make that cowboy, the leader of the Rider team, Hico? The Riders are going to kill that cute teen. Then the dance competition will become dull and boring again. The same old show boat doesn’t sail up the dried up Mississippi River, like in the four past years. I remind firmly that I can use that cute male, since I require healthy male teens with a strong back and lots of good muscle tone for my personal assignments.”
Hico sits in the middle of the ancient and rotten row of wooden chairs, after washing off his bite-nats paint decoration also. He does not display new coat of paint either presenting an older face plus his out of shape body frame wearing a pair of wool trousers in red hue, a brown tinted sports coat, a red tinted wool sweater, and a pair of unpolished black tinted work boots. He does not start at Vovina but watches the workers saying with a smile. “The new set of dancers is a group of smart and resourceful teens. They will not make a good worker for you, Vovina, only a good rebel for a vicious fight. I have a better plan here. I did my homework assignments, Teacher. The seventeen-year-old female, who is named Taffy, she is a true criminal fugitive now, who has turned into a cold-blooded murderess. Eye witnesses saw her kill that poor helpless Apprentice Una with her bare hands in a cold-blooded act with her teenly anger and girly rage. Then she arrived there at the South Beach Colony and then killed her own loving parents for her greed and her possession of the tubes of bite-nats. Poor thing! We must surrender and present her live body to the South Beach law enforcement authorities that will make us become the ‘Heroes of Metro City Birmingham.’”
“South Beachers disrespect and hate us, Hico.” Kodare states then laughs at the silly idea coming from Hico, turning to stare at the nose profile on Hico. “You can’t set one bare naked foot there on top of the cool limestone cliff, without a personal body guard, along with his loaded shotgun, now. What makes you think you can drag their Colonist trash into their own Colony, without severe ramifications on you, me and us, Hico?”
Hico continues. “I have already coffined-up each dead body that represents a former dead Rocker, Swamplander, Beacher, and Rider down inside numerous rusty transports which are ready for our personal land journey to the South Beach Colony. We parade and party down in South Beach, mourn their dead, bury the smelly things, and then hand off the evil murderess, where we kindly ask for all the bite-nats rights. Or else! Something bad will come instead! Everyone wants their daily supply of bite-nats now, after seeing the miracle product work on the new mini-television screens, during the vicious fight dance tonight.”
“Are you plotting to start World War Four? All the nuclear devices have went somewhere buried down in the sea water or shot up towards the abandoned moon base. The South Beach farmers aren’t dumb or weak, Hico. They work outside in the blistering heat creating an adult, as well as, a young child both tough and strong.” Kodare states then frowns at Hico. “They will not surrender easily and do not negotiate without a shotgun either. They don’t understand the value of bite-nats which holds the wealth of a hidden treasure chest underneath their pair of red-tinted sandy cowboy booted feet.”
Hico nods. “We start the dance battle, early tomorrow morning, at nine o’clock. The surviving teens attack each other. Then we move the rest of the bloody action outside into the ‘Concrete Jungle’ setting, which is really the nasty laser-blasted landscape, that once was called the ancient city of Huntsville. When those nosy teens are busy eating tart berries and stabbing each weak teen with a home-made bite-nats flash blade, we start our personal trek towards South Beach cliffs and waters while watching the deadly action on the television device along with the rest of the world,” he reaches down into the hidden pouch on his chair lifting up then wiggles a tiny device near his jaw line, saying a smile. “I wish for a bigger television devise that would have worked better for my evil plans. A crying shame, you can’t see all the splattered bright red-tinted blood proteins on this tiny screen monitor. But, next year, we can start building bigger television sets and then distribute to all our Colonies, before the Sixth Annual Apprenticeship Program.”
“What Concrete Jungle are you referencing here, Hico?” Kodare turns and stares at the broken side wall. The electronic score board was mounted on the wall during the vicious dance competition, until the box was injured from a shotgun blast by the stupid dance judge. The shotgun blast destroyed the score board, the wallpaper, and the plaster creating a terrible mess down of broken tiles, glass fragments, exposed wooden staves, and dangling iron nails going down to the floor tiles. A large hole stands and exposes a tiny bit of outdoor forest. Behind the broken wall, a hidden jungle of grove shade trees, low-lying rows of plants containing only bugs and berries. He says with a sour tone, “No one lives out there.”
Vovina mentally performs the think object: gown. She stands on the edge of the stage then drags her new lavender-tinted, off-the shoulder, ankle-length ballgown over the rough wood talking out loud about the future dance competitions to Hico. “We make this new event live on a semi-annual basis. No! We display it on a quarterly schedule, like every three months. No! We plan it on a monthly basis. Yes, that’s a great idea. Our new monthly dance competition will include more than girls, who are sixteen years old. We include the age range from thirteen to nineteen years old, who are still teens, in the dance competition, and then offer each survivor a range of abundant rewards including one or two bite-nats paint canisters and a larger television device for each age group. Then, we offer a free house, free healthcare, and a great job to each winner and their family member here in Metro City Birmingham. We will triple or quadruple our population figures and finally establish our great kingdom with you as the new royal King and me as the new royal Queen of the new royal Metro City Birmingham,” she slaps her chest and turns with a smile to see Hico asking with a sweet timber. “What do you think, Hico?”
“You’re evil, my little sugar plum.” Hico states to Vovina then turns staring at the rear hairy bone skull on Kodare, saying with a stern face. “We have buried our dead in red clay and then covered them up with fields of green honeysuckle vines and finally closed the apex of our forgotten city, within the American History books. Everyone wants to forget the three Nuke Wars blinking their eyelids shut and then shutting down the gray matter, with the bad news, the defeat of the great United States of America.”
Kodare exhales with confusion and studies the broken wall announcing with a stern face. “There’s nothing out there but broken fragments of bricked buildings, overgrown patches of colorful wildflowers, batches of vine fruit, including strawberries, blue berries, fallen apples, and some grounded tree limbs, dozens of hiding spots for snakes, squirrels, and rabbits. Not much of a fighting environment for a dance fight battle, Hico!”
“We call our new event, the Survivor Games. No!” She states then spins around still walking on the lip of the stage platform, wearing a smile. “We call our new event, the Warrior Games. No, that’s not good either. How about the Hunter Games for the males and the Huntress Games for the females? Yes, I like that name much better. We should call our new monthly event, the Hunter and Huntress Games. Do you like that name, Hico?” She turns and smiles at his nose profile.
Hico smiles and says at the rear bone skull on Kodare. “You’re evil, my little sugar plum! We shall see what happens next, Kodare. I believe the Bandits will win the fight, barely alive. Brazoria is a vicious fighter along with all those talented South Beachers.”
Kodare returns and nodding with a stern face to Hico, “I expect at least three teens as three winners. Else the audience members are not going to become happy with the new entertainment event. Have you seen the numbers lately? We’re up forty percent, running at six million viewers, after you brilliantly combined the three existing Colonies against the powerful South Beach Bandits. That was a brilliant move, Hico! Adding this television device was my great idea. I’m a real genius here, too,” he frowns. “If there is only one winner, then you can negotiate some better legal terms, using that murderess Taffy against the other South Beach farmers. I suggest that we wait for all the winners, after the dance battle here in Metro City Birmingham. Then all the live winners and the dead bodies, which is better television drama, can transport with us to the South Beach Colony. Because in your new scenario, we are half-way to South Beach, before the dance battle ends here in the city.”
On the edge of the stage, Vovina reaches down and sprays a mist of bite-nats paint from a small spray can over her upright body transforming into a pretend queen figure, wearing a black ball gown, a matching tiara, and a pair of red colored lips. She leans down and sprays more paint on top of the floor touching each rock with a bloody finger that leaves her personal DNA specimen.
Each tan-colored rock turns into a tiny pink-colored pig that stands on top of a heated grill underneath a blue and yellow colored fire pit.
Vovina stands upright from the stage and says with a smile. “I’m the queen. The dancers are dressed as a litter of tiny pigs that slowly roasts underneath my blazing fire. Toasty!” She twirls around in a complete circle wearing her long ball gown.
Inside the chair, Hico says with a grin to Kodare. “You’re evil, my little sugar plum! You don’t think the true winners will not chase after us. I plan to leave one working transport. I don’t want my guests of honors to be too late for my party celebration.”
“You dare to kill all the winners and all the crop farmers for all their bite-nats paint cans. That’s a bold move even for Doboil. He would not have approved, Hico.” Kodare states then laughs out loud turning to stare at the broken wall that hides the outside landscape. The dead body parts of Doboil and his wife Starbe have been tossed down inside a shallow red clay dirt hole and then covered with vines of sweet honeysuckles, a common Metro City funeral.
On top of the lip of the stage platform, Vovina sprays a new mist of bite-nats paint over her body and then mentally performs the think object: gown, tiara, and cape. She transforms and wears a red tiara, a matching floor-length ball gown, and a matching cape. She leans down and dusts the dull wooden stage floor in colors of white, pink, gray, yellow and silver paint as the floor turns into a silver pot showing numerous exposed pairs of furry white bunny ears and a pink wiggling nose. The poor bunnies cook in the pot underneath a purple and yellow colored fire pit. She laughs, “Dress the dancers as white bunnies. Then we simmer them all for my rabbit stew. Delicious!” She swirls around in a circle sounding with her evil laughter, facing all the white bunnies that burn inside each fiery pot.
“You’re evil, my little sugar plum!” Hico says to Vovina and returns back to view the workers down on the dance floor. “Doboil isn’t here to object either. I want all of the bite-nats without force and with a teen. That’s my first option. So, both mama and daddy will relent immediately without their teen and with all of my demands.”
She leans down and sprays a mist of new bite-nats transforming her body, presenting a pair of silver glittery wings, a silver wand, a pink sequined tight fitting dress, and a pink tiara. She paints bite-nats in blue, yellow, orange, brown, and gold on the rock as each stone turns into an orange and brown baking pumpkin pie inside the golden oven on top of a yellow-tinted fire. Vovina stands upright then laughs out loud saying with a smile. “Pluck out each dancer and make it a pumpkin! Then we bake all the dancers in a pie. Yummy!” She spins around in a completed circle sounding with her evil laughter.
“You’re evil, my little sugar plum!” Hico compliments and grins at Vovina.
Kodare returns back and stares, saying with his worried brow to Hico. “Aren’t you afraid that the populace will object to more violence? We just completed five years of peace. Nobody wants another war or battle or encounter that involves their blood and guts and kids, Hico.”
He smiles then states, “No one wants boredom either. Since the surrender of peace and harmony, everything is boring. Everyone is boring. Every place is boring, especially here, within Metro City Birmingham. I have great plans for my town of ancient Birmingham. I want my town to become the newest Entertainment Spot by using these miniature television screens and the numerous cans of bite-nats. The populace demands its entertainment. The populace demands fun. The populace demands its bite-nats. The populace must learn where all the bite-nats cans are safely hidden and who hides them. Then I promise you that there will not be a war or a battle or an encounter, only a peaceful surrender.”
“That works for me!” Kodare nods with a grin.
She turns with a smile and views Hico. “Next month, Hico, I want my new Huntress and Hunter Game with numerous day parties that includes food, beverages, and a row of trained professional dancers as the professional entertainment troops. Then we have a room of amateurs that dance in a formal gown and jacket that wears a mask of bite-nats paint for more rewards of bite-nats canisters. Then the party goes on and on and on…”
Kodare turns and laughs first then asks to Vovina. “Then who or what or when is the final death dance, in the continuous party event, Vovina?”
Vovina slaps her new princess dress and says with a sour frown. “You’re no fun, Kodare!”
“You’re fun, my little sugar plum!” Hico states then winks to Vovina.
June 6th Saturday


Day Three
Dance Competition

Art Gallery location
Cool temperatures with night sky and twinkling stars
05:28 a.m.


Taffy slaps her bite-nats chest armor in forest green patient testing the safety as Rusk laughs at her silly motion. She back steps from Rusk and then spins around viewing her team of Bandits, standing beside Rusk on top of the short elevated stage. She exhales with a nod and states with a stern tone, “All right! We are ready. We possess body armor, flash blades, and home-made cock-rocks all over our naked human bodies, my young warrior teens. We buddy up together to protect each other and move like a team and shake down each enemy eliminating one-at-a time, winning the dance competition today.” Each teen nods in silence back to Taffy.
Taffy and Rusk move off the stage and scoot around each team member providing a handshake or a hug offering words of personal encouragement for the upcoming fight dance competition.
Each team member awoke early at seven o’clock eating the rest of the stale food items, practicing a set of fighting skills, and then re-painting back on the bite-nats liquid over a teenly body.
Vovina appears and stands inside the open archway wearing a patient face of red, purple and orange foundation makeup, a long red-tinted ponytail, and a tone of bronze-tinted skin. She dresses in a yellow-tinted, tight-fitting, long-sleeved ballgown, a pair of matching fashion heels, a yellow-tinted tiara, and a matching necklace. She examines each teen then motions down the hallway barking out her new orders. “O! You’re up and dressed! I’m impressed, ya’ll! Normally, a teen is lazy and sleeps until noon and then gets a plate of food and enjoys the rest of the day by wasting their time with friends or video games. But not this group of motivated teens! All right! And all are ready here! Come this way and follow me, my little sugar plums! We’re beginning the dance competition, right here and right now, my adventurous and brave and bold South Beach Bandits,” she back steps from the archway and then spins around wearing an evil smile slowly leading the teens down the ugly gray tinted hallway, shouting out loud, “One. Two. Three. March. One. Two. Three. March. One. Two…”

At 05:45 a.m., inside the empty hallway, the new musical song starts to play.
The musical song named Treat My Right was released in August 1980, from the studio album entitled Crimes of Passion and performed by Pat Benatar, who was a singer, songwriter, vocalist, and played the acoustic guitar. Her maiden name was Patricia Mae Andrzejewski and married at the age of 19 years old to her high school sweetheart, in the year 1972. The musician played Rock, Hard Rock, and Pop musical sounds.
The musical songwriter was Doug Lubahn.
Pat Benatar always toured with her own musical band. The band members included Neil Giraldo (lead guitar & her second husband); Myron Grombacher (drums); Charlie Giordano (keyboards) and Roger Capps (bass guitar).


You want me to leave,
You want me to stay
You ask me to come back,
You turn and walk away
You wanna be lovers,
And you wanna be friends
I’m losing my patience,
You're nearing the end

One of these days you’re gonna reach out and find
The one that you count on has left you behind
Don’t want to be no martyr, with no one. No say
O my! My baby! Before it’s too late
Treat me right
Treat me right
Open your eyes, maybe you’ll see the light

Do you think I’m a fool?
Well, you better think twice
I’ve had enough baby,
It’s time you realized
That you can’t have it both ways,
It’s no way to live
You’ve done all the taking,
It’s your turn to give

One of these days you're gonna reach out and find
The one that you count on has left you behind
Don’t want to be no martyr, with no one, no say
O my! My baby. Before it’s too late

Treat me right
Treat me right
Open your eyes, maybe, you’ll see the light
O! Treat me right

You want me to leave, you want me to stay
You ask me to come back, you’re turning love away
You wanna be lovers, and you wanna be friends
I’m losing my patience; you’re nearing the end

Treat me right
Treat me right
Open your eyes, maybe, you’ll see the light
O! Treat me right

Treat me right
Treat me right
Treat me right
Treat me right
Treat me right
Treat me right


Taffy pulls Jellico towards the open archway first starting the Bandit line. Jellico exits the room following behind Vovina. Atoka follows behind Jellico. Rusk grabs Taffy and pushes her ahead of him. Bat follows behind Rusk. Wolf covers the rear end spinning around, sometimes, guarding the Bandit line with his secret stash of creative and deadly bite-nats weapons watching for a rear attack from either a nasty Rider or a nastier dance guard.
The Bandit team members form a straight column of bodies and slowly strut ahead without words but performing a set of low animal grunts of teenly worry.
In the far distance, on the same hallway, from the opposite end, her heart sinks down into the new, red-tinted, bite-nats, hiking boots. Taffy sees Etta, who leads a column with North Ridge Mountain Riders. She leans sideways and sees Baycliff. He is alive and marches in the rear of the column. She stands upright and presents a sweet smile of relief. Taffy knew that Baycliff would be victorious and vicious as a true snot-hole redneck of South Beach.
The three entrance doors leading into the Dance Hall are blocked and disguised with a tall and wide horizontal dark blue tinted dangling drape curtain in ratty shape with patchwork covering the moth-eaten holes. The curtain hangs before the hidden archway not revealing the interior walls within the Dance Hall for some strange reason.
There are three separate tall and wide door archways and as each one wears this strange dangling drape curtain covering the entranceway and making the appearance of the cold-feeling, black-tinted metal hallway become darker, scarier, and spookier, like a she-ghost is going to pop out from the swaying fabric scaring your butthole shitless.
Vovina stops then stands beside the first dangling curtain without moving through the harmless fabric into the room, saying with a wide smile and a sweet timber to each Bandit. “You will enter one at a time.”
“No!” Taffy shouts and scoots around her team members, moves ahead, then stops, sneering first then repeats with her stern face to Vovina. “No! We enter as a unit. Or we don’t play your stupid reindeer games, Vovina.”
“The new dance rule, Bandit Leader, every dancer enters one at a time.” Vovina states then snaps her black tinted manicured fingernails at Tick. One of Hico’s nasty dance judges in the same bite-nats face mask, Tick obeys then aims the cold barrel on his rifle directly at Taffy. Taffy gasps in shock then swiftly paces backwards from the loaded shotgun, and stops standing in front of Rusk, softly growling with worry and fear for her person and her team mates.
Vovina presses both of her palms down over her new gown saying with a smile, “Jellico, come over and stand right here, dearie! You will enter first through the dark curtain drape. Don’t worry! This is all fun and games. I promise!” She glances back over her collar bone to see Kodare.
Kodare between a third dangling dark blue patched ratty drape curtain and Etta on the opposite side of the lobby area. He nods in silence and then returns back violently shoving Etta through the blue curtain.
Vovina swings back with a smirk and then forcefully shoves Jellico through the long curtain fabric. The cloth is thick flying back blocking the open archway again and hides everything from each teen. Behind the curtain, Jellico screams out loud and then the pain of silence comes from the first Bandit dancer. Each Bandit teen gasps in worry and shuffles in place feeling nervous on a pair of bite-nats painted boots.
Taffy leaps forward from the line feeling worry, trying to rescue Jellico. Tick swings the cold barrel on his shotgun at her face again. She carefully steps back and stands in the line-up growling her displeasure and stares at Vovina.
Vovina shoves Atoka through the curtain fabric next. Behind the long dark mysterious curtain, Atoka hollers out loud and then the same pain of silence comes from the second Bandit team member.
Rusk releases Taffy feeling both fear and worry. She slowly advances ahead, stops and stands beside the mysterious dark curtain looking through the thick fabric and sees nothing on the other side. Then she turns and sneers first whispering her plan to Vovina. “I will kill you last.”
Vovina laughs out loud then says with a stern face. “You’re bravely amusing, Taffy! Your sister Tulu was a real drag, such a mellow and serious teen, all the time. Too bad! She has escaped with those two other South Beach cowboys from the Dance Hall. She would’ve been proud of your teenly defiance!” She softly chuckles again.
Taffy gasps in shock and slaps both of her palms on her parts lips knowing the real truth. Tulu and McCamy have not escaped from Metro City Birmingham.
Vovina doesn’t know the truth. Hico continues to hold her family members hostage inside a secretly hidden compartment here within the Metro City Dance Hall building. Hico is very dangerous man, to everyone.
Another nasty dance judge from Hico’s small army still wearing a same black-tinted bite-nats face mask, Ant moves from the side wall then appears beside Vovina reaching out and grabs the real cloth backpack from Taffy’s collar bone quickly searching through the contents, exposing all her stolen paint cans. He tosses each object down on the floor making a mess, creating a set of loud thumps. He empties the backpack and then extends the bag back to Taffy while presenting an evil smile. Taffy turns and gasps with worry at Ant.
Before collecting the personal cloth backpack, Vovina shoves Taffy through the hanging curtain shouting with a smile. “In you go, my little sugar plum!” She laughs with an evil tone.
Taffy stumbles through a narrow doorway opening and holds her breath bringing both her fists upright near her face, for the dangerous fight battle, since he/she/it may get one good swing, but she’ll return back viciously to save her life force. A heavy flood of cold water flies sideways hitting her skull, neck, both biceps, waistline, both legs, both kneecaps, and her feet and as her eardrums hear a new musical song. 
The musical song Thriller was performed by American rock and roll superstar musical artist Michael Jackson and released on January 23, 1984. The songwriter was Rod Temperton.


It’s close to midnight and something evil’s lurking in the dark
Under the moonlight you see a sight that almost stops your heart
You try to scream but terror takes the sound before you make it
You start to freeze as horror looks you right between the eyes,
You’re paralyzed

Because, this is thriller, a thriller night
And no one’s gonna save you from the beast about to strike
You know, it’s thriller, a thriller night
You’re fighting for your life inside a killer, thriller tonight

You hear the door slam and realize there’s nowhere left to run
You feel the cold hand and wonder if you'll ever see the sun
You close your eyes and hope that this is just imagination, girl
But all the while you hear a creature creeping up behind
You’re outta time

Because, this is thriller, a thriller night
There ain’t no second chance against the thing
With the forty eyes, girl
A thriller, a thriller night
You’re fighting for your life inside a killer, a thriller tonight

Night creatures call
And the dead start to walk in their masquerade
There’s no escaping the jaws of the alien this time
(They’re open wide)
This is the end of your life

They’re out to get you; there’s demons closing in on every side
They will possess you unless you change that number on your dial
Now is the time for you and I to cuddle close together
All through the night I’ll save you from the terror on the screen,
I’ll make you see

That this is a thriller, a thriller night
Because, I can thrill you more than any ghoul could ever dare try
A thriller, a thriller night
So, let me hold you tight and share a killer, a thriller, a chiller
A thriller here tonight

Because, this is a thriller, a thriller night
Girl, I can thrill you more than any ghoul could ever dare try
A thriller, a thriller night
So, let me hold you tight and share a killer, a thriller

I’m gonna thrill you tonight

The voice of American actor Vincent Price
Darkness falls across the land
The midnight hour is close at hand
Creatures crawl in search of blood
To terrorize, ya’ll’s neighborhood
And whomsoever shall be found
Without the soul for getting down
Must stand and face the hounds of hell
And rot inside a corpse’s shell

The foulest stench is in the air
The funk of forty thousand years
And grisly ghouls from every tomb
Are closing in to seal your doom
And though you fight to stay alive
Your body starts to shiver
For no mere mortal can resist
The evil of the thriller

Then Hollywood movie film actor Vincent performs a maniacal laugh with a deep echo ending the musical song.


Taffy squeaks in alarm while capturing her breath inside each healthy lung, slowly stumbling forward on a pair of naked feet, feeling the squashed dead cockroaches underneath each toe bone and shivers in her undergarments that cover her girly parts. She can’t perform a think object: body armor. The stream of cold water has washed away all of her colorful bite-nats paint coming from a single large water nozzle on the side wall, cleaning her semi-naked body.
Taffy continues to move ahead from the wet water room, emerges into a new tiny dry room and then stops. In the middle of the tiny room, a hanging rack of various colors and size stands alone including individual hangers consisting of colorful sleeveless zipper vests, pairs of faded ripped blue jeans, and on the floor, pairs of cowboy and cowgirl boots.
A third nasty dance judge in an Insect bite-nats face mask, Flea stands on the entrance wall, outta of sight, pointing the cold barrel on his rifle at Taffy using the other free hand to point at the warm rack of clothes, all in sign language, not vocal words.
Taffy stops and stands in front of the rack of clothes presenting a smile of relief, quickly dressing in a purple tinted vest, a pair of matching skinny jeans, and a pair of purple tinted cowgirl boots. She slides away from the rack of clothes and moves ahead through a long white-tinted, girly, lace-covered, thin drape curtain emerging back inside the familiar dance floor. She sighs with relief and hears the new musical song.

At 05:56 a.m., the musical song Whip-It was released on the date of August 13, 1980, by the American rock superstar musical band named Devo. The musicians engaged in New Wave and Synth-Pop musical sounds featuring a synthesizer, an electric guitar, a bass guitar, and a set of drums. The song came from their album entitled Freedom of Choice. The musical words and notes were composed by band bassist Gerald Casale and band singer Mark Mothersbaugh. Robert Margouleff produced the song.


When a good time turns around
You must whip it

You will never live it down
Unless, you whip it

No one gets away
Until, they whip it

I say whip it
Whip it, good

I say whip it
Whip it, good

Crack that whip
Give the past a slip

Step on a crack
Break your mama’s back

When a problem comes along
You must whip it

Before the cream sits out too long
You must whip it

When something’s going wrong
You must whip it

Now ,whip it
Into shape
Shape it up
Get straight
Go forward
Move ahead
Try to detect it
It’s not too late
To whip it
Into shape
Shape it up
Get straight
Go forward
Move ahead
Try to detect it
It’s not too late
To whip it
Whip it, good


Inside a modified Dance Hall space, South Beach Bandit Jellico stands on one side of the large room, wearing a pink sleeveless vest, a matching pair of blue jeans, and a pair of cherry colored cowgirl boots. Her blonde hair is wet, but her smile is happy.
South Beach Bandit Atoka stands beside Jellico, wearing a yellow vest, a matching pair of blue jeans and a pair of puke green cowgirl boots. Her red hair is wet as she growls at the two Rider girls, Etta and Pemona.
On the opposite side of the formal dance room, North Ridge Mountain Rider Etta stands in matching red colors beside North Ridge Mountain Rider Pemona in orange colors as the two girls slowly form the Rider line-up.
The dance floor is dirty and empty. The live audience is missing and has been replaced with a row of medium-sized television screens. The elevated, naked, wooden shelf with the row of colored bite-nats tubes is empty also. On top of the stage platform, the four worn and ancient oversized chairs are missing too.
On the side wall of dull, torn flower-patterned wallpaper has been removed and replaced with a very large open hole. The open hole exposes each eyeball, every nose hole, and every eardrum to the outside world environment within Metro City Birmingham, in the winter month of January.
Before the three Nuclear Wars, the wintery months of December, January, February, and March provided a cool weather pattern and then a cold weather pattern and finally freezing air temperatures, along with occasional snowflakes and ice sheets. on the grounds and the roadways. However, after the three wars, the winter season weather pattern has changed starting out with mild air temperatures becoming cool then very cold then a continuous snow blizzard coming northernly from the raising Appalachian Mountain Range. The citizens of Birmingham live indoors keeping warm and toasty.
Thus, currently, on the first week of winter January, the bright rays of warm sunshine burns down from the pale blue sky on top of the part-lush green and part-dead yellow tinted ground. Numerous chunks of broken white-colored concrete mortars zigzag across an interior dirty black and white, blood-stained dance floor. Long greenery plant vines and hardy rows of colorful winter wildflowers, short fruit plants, and tall groves of naked trees cover the outside wintery landscape filling the air with buzzing insects and smells of ripen fruit and flora flowers.
Taffy stops with a smile and spins around standing beside Atoka, behind the stage platform, watching the white curtain on the entrance wall, feeling both relief and happiness. She continues to hear the up-beat musical notes and words.
From the Bandit door, on the entrance wall, Rusk emerges a few seconds later with a head of wet blonde hair, wearing a dark blue un-zipped vest, exposing his naked chest, an eight-pack abdomen, a pair of matching blue jeans, and a pair of blood-red cowboy boots. He dashes ahead with a grin and collides into Taffy spinning them around in a circle of happiness. He stops and cuddles Taffy watching the entrance wall for the rest of the Bandit teammates, dancing in place to the wild up-beat musical notes and words.
Bat slowly emerges from the curtain then scans the room seeing his Bandit team mates presenting a huff of relief stomping into the line. He spins around and stands beside Rusk watching for his last team mate. He dresses in a neon colored light green hue.
Wolf dashes through the curtain wearing all brown clothes and a matching pair of brown-tinted cowboy boots, stops, and stands beside Bat.
On the other side of the long room, Rider Leader Baycliff struts out from the far second parted white tinted curtain last, wearing a smile and all black clothes, marching in a pair of black colored cowboy boots and then stops, forming the last of the North Ridge Mountain Riders team mates. He starts to clap and dances with his more friendly teammates to the up-beat musical tune. His other five team mates consist of Etta, Lion, Brazoria, Gator, and Pemona.
On top of the stage platform, standing behind the two dance teams of teens, Hico poses on the lip and claps with a smile to the musical song, also, wearing a gray sleeveless vest, a matching long sleeved shirt, a pair of matching trousers, and a pair of gray dress shoes. He stops clapping lifting both of his arms in the air then yells to the human controller, who sits behind the protective wall. “Kill the music!” The musical song ceases. He continues. “Now, I do believe that we are all even now. No more hidden flash blades or funny cock-rocks. But that was a clever invention, Wolf-man!” He chuckles with amusement.
Wolf spins around and then hisses at Hico slowly back stepping along with his team mates from the wooden platform, standing in the middle of the dance room. He stares at Hico, Kodare, and Vovina and a new row of nasty dance judges wearing an individual gray and black-tinted Insect bite-nats face mask, brown clothes, and holding a hand gun in each cupped hand, pointing at each teen.
Baycliff spins around along with his teammates back stepping from the vile bunch of humans then stops, standing in the middle portion of the room and far enough away from the Bandit team mates. He views and hears Hico also, starting to sneer at the evil cold-blooded murderous dictator and his small army of cold-blooded murderers too.
Hico chuckles at the silly teens then states with a smile, “The slate has to be both level and just. After all, this is a competition and all the competitors must be equal! If you have not noticed the new decorum, behind your fanny, three new television monitors are mounted above the entrance doors. If you will be please spin around and view each illuminated monitor for your additional visual and vocal information, during the new dance competition,” he points at the row of television screens. “And you will be seen, not necessarily heard on all the new mini-television screens, too, so you must all be descent here,” He chuckles then states with a stern face. “Please, go and illuminate each television screen for me, Tick!” Each television screen displays a slightly elevated naturally wooden stave holding scattered individually upright vertical tubes of bite-nats. The paint glitters in lovely neon colors reflecting the bright sunlight rays within a lush green tinted forest environment, not located on the cold hard dance floor. The dancers spin around and view the three television screens in silence absorbing the electronic image.
He says with a smile. “Each bite-nats paint tube comes in various counts and shapes. Two small tubes; three medium tubes, and four large-sized quantities like a milk jug, if you know what an ancient plastic milk jug looks like. That’s a total of nine tubes of various colors as well. There are twelve of you. That’s a decrease three tubes or 25 percent of the grand prize of glittering treasure, if you are mathematically challenged! You get to share, that’s part of the ‘team’ thing. You get to race, that’s part of the ‘compete’ thing. You get to die, that’s part of the ‘death’ thing. The good news, you can take all nine tubes, if you arrive first and then you can share with your mates or keep for your selfish selfie,” he laughs with an evil tone along with his employees and some of the vicious teen dancers. Baycliff, Taffy, and Rusk sneers at Hico. The other teens gasp in shock.
Hico continues wearing his evil smirk. “You must admit covering yourself completely with bite-nats paint sorta ups the iron stakes for your personal body survival. Please, miniaturize each television screen for me, Tick!” Each television screen shrinks down and displays an electronic geographic map of the landscape within Metro City Birmingham, specifically the existing lush forestland.
Hico grins and points down to the floor broken tiles explaining the information. “You are here. Do you see the cute blue blinking arrow on each television screen?” He points up and down around the room during his narration to the teens saying with a smile. “Each tube of bite-nats is someplace there. Do you see the red blinking arrow on each television screen also? You can stomp down and kill any and all the lovely garden flowers and lush forest plants getting your final destination first, not last. Turn to see the newly decorated side wall. Pull back the protective black curtain, Tick! Now, look outside! That’s the real outdoors here, in Birmingham, folks! There was once was a nice wall that had to be destroyed for today’s dance competition. To be fair and just, within the new dance competition, there aren’t any wild mammals, such like, bears or coyotes or cougars, only you and your friendly teammates and vicious enemies. There do exist plenty of beetles, cockroaches, crickets, squirrels, rabbits, snakes, and other crawling critters. Plants, berries, and vines aren’t poisonous to your biological body and can provide food meals, if need be. There are numerous tiny creek stream with plenty of clean and pure, not contaminated drinking water. You are the only lethal thing inside this new Concrete Jungle.” Hico points at each teen and loudly chuckles at his new game, along with his two superintendents and his army of nasty guards. He drops his arm and slaps his leg.
He continues, “You might develop deadly weapons from the visual sources seem outside there. I caution you here. The old building mortars and bricks and walls are ancient and probably will fall into dust bunnies, within your two bare palms. The trees are both old and twisted and extremely rotten hiding nested cuddled worms, marching beetles, and hissing snakes, in some places, maybe nesting into sturdy tree limbs also. The rest of the woodlands are covered in pretty colorful wildflowers, assorted short and tall annoying ground weeds, and knee-high grass blades. I have covered everything. I predict the new dance competition event will finish within two hours or less. Then, you come back here the winner or the winners,” he laughs along with all his employees and some of the bolder teens.
He shares, “The Concrete Jungle provides food, water, sunshine. No wild animals. No weapons. No rain in the forecast for today, tomorrow, the next day, the rest of the week, weeks, and months. You have lucked out, here, this new morning, dancers. You seem eager to fight and anxious to participate in the new dance competition. I will not keep you waiting for your final destination with Mother Nature or each other. We will do this on my vocal mark. Please, play the trumpets, Spider!” A single musical instrument trumpet honks out a group of sour alto notes.
He flips his hand in the air and laughs out loud saying with a grin, “Please, toot the flutes, Cricket!” A single musical instrument flute loudly toots with an array of elegant soprano musical notes.
He flips his other hand in the air and orders, “Please, roll the drums, Moth!” A single drum snarl rolls with a steady beat from the talented adult male then halts. Hico shouts. “Introduce the music!” A new musical song starts to play.
The musical song named Welcome to the Jungle came from their debut album entitled Appetite for Destruction, in the year 1987 and performed by the American Hard Rock musical band Guns N’ Roses. The musicians included Axl Rose (vocals); Slash (lead guitar); Izzy Stradlin (rhythm guitar); Duff McKang (bass guitar) and Steven Adler (drums) and was formed in the city of Los Angeles within the U.S. State of California, in the year 1985.


O my god!
Jump!

Welcome to the jungle, we’ve got fun and games
We got everything you want honey, we know the names
We are the people that can find whatever you may need
If you got the money, honey, we got your disease

In the jungle, welcome to the jungle
Watch it bring you to your sha-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n knees, knees
Mwah! I, I wanna watch you bleed

Welcome to the jungle! We take it day by day
If you want it, you’re gonna bleed, but it’s the price to pay
And you’re a very sexy girl, who’s very hard to please
You can taste the bright lights, but you won’t get there for free
In the jungle, welcome to the jungle
Feel my, my, my, my serpentine
Ooh! Ah! I want to hear you scream

Welcome to the jungle! It gets worse here every day
You learn to live, like an animal in the jungle, where we play
If you got hunger for what you see, you’ll take it eventually
You can have anything you want
But you better not take it from me

In the jungle, welcome to the jungle
Watch it bring you to your sha-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n knees, knees
Mwah! I’m gonna watch you bleed

And when you’re high, you never, ever wanna come down
So down, so down, so down, yeah

You know, where you are?
You’re in the jungle, baby; you’re gonna die
In the jungle, welcome to the jungle
Watch it bring you to your sha-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-knees, knees
In the jungle, welcome to the jungle
Feel my, my, my, my serpentine
Jungle! Welcome to the jungle
Watch it bring you to your sha-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-knees, knees
Down in the jungle! Welcome to the jungle
Watch it bring you to you
It’s gonna bring you down. Huh!


“Go, teens!” Hico hollers without waving both of his arms in the air loudly laughing with happiness at his very successful Sniff, the Sweet Honeysuckle Dance event.

At 06:08 a.m., each team member on the Riders’ team quickly scoots around each piece of fallen concrete chunk on top of the dance floor that blocks the opening. Then each member hops over the broken foundation and rushes through the opening, splitting up, dashing in a different direction and searches for a tube of colorful bite-nats paint.
Some of the members on the Bandits’ team swiftly guide around the same pieces of fallen concrete chunks on top of the dance floor that blocks the opening. Then each member hops over the broken foundation and quickly dashes through the opening, racing behind the last Rider’s back spine. Each one splits up and races in a different direction onto the new dance competition’s battlefield location.
The air temperatures are cool, and the sunlight rays are dull and slightly warm on each teen body.
Bandit Leader Taffy rapidly dashes ahead and scoots around each fallen concrete object, seeing the back spine on each team member, shouting out loud, “Bite-nats! Don’t fight! Go right! Right! Right! Go right! Bite-nats on the right! Buddy up!” She speeds her pace and the leaps over the broken foundation through the opening, landing on top of level ground, racing ahead towards the bright warm sunshine, cool breeze, a beautiful forest of tall trees, and pods of colorful wildflowers. Rusk chases and then reaches out grabbing Taffy’s arm. She slows her foot speed barely breathing heavy in the cool breeze.
They race together hopping over each fallen log, stomping through the tiny patches of colorful wildflowers and slowly advance towards a field of golden tinted honeysuckles, where each tube of bite-nats hides among the thick twisting pale green vines.
Taffy glances back over her collar bone. Bat gentlemanly assists Jellico over the rough and high plant foliage. Then Taffy returns back looking ahead to the ground obstacles and continues to race with Rusk.
Wolf closely follows behind Atoka as they both run ahead with the other Bandits.
Taffy runs with Rusk then orders, “Go and tell Wolf to scout ahead and find us a secret cover for our mission!”
“No!” Rusk shouts and still runs beside Taffy.
“Yes, I’m boss lady here. Hold back, Rusk! Go and tell Wolf!” She continues to run.
“Bossy lady!”
Taffy sneers then states, “Obey me, Rusk! I’ll go and get some of the tubes. Meet me at the half-way point for my protection,” she stops and then pants in heavy breaths. He stops and pants in heavy breaths also. She scoots around and stands in front of Rusk lifting up on her tippy toes, leaning into his sour face and tenderly kisses his pink lips. He pulls back with a goofy grin. She back steps on her tippy toes with a girly giggle and then spins around dashing away from Rusk, yelling to him. “Be back soonest!”
He stands in place with worry and watches her disappear around the grove of trees exhaling with concern, veering away from Taffy and searches for his other Bandit team members.

At 06:13 a.m., the flat level landscape consists of dead brown colored grass, short yellow tinted weeds, tiny patches of colored wildflower that has quickly changed into scattered and bumpy rows of broken man-made bricks and lumpy concrete slabs. Taffy is racing in the proper direction as she continues to follow way behind Wolf jerking around each broken chunk of concrete, advancing towards a row of damaged black, yellow, brown red, and white colored man-made buildings and structures.
Each building had been twelve or more stories tall, during the last Nuke War, before the last laser blast destroyed the entire city.
Now, each building is a pile of burnt blackened stone or a half the size of the original structure that stands alone within the middle of a lush jungle forest of brown trees and yellow plants.
Taffy halts with a gasp and slams against the side wall on the next building as a plume of red-tinted dust floats down from the air waves and then covers her purple vest and jeans coming for a harmless air attack. She inhales and then exhales while calming down her teenly fears squatting down on one kneecap, surveying the wall corner.
The row of damaged buildings had been separated and maintained a plot of grassy land for a flower garden on the ground. Now, the flower garden has grown up and become crooked rows of yellow wickedly-looking plants and wildflowers.
Taffy slowly stands upright from the smooth short concrete slab, without seeing another Rider or her Bandit friends dashing between two rows of green bushes, spotting a Banana spider.
A Banana spider exhibits a two-inched vertical, yellow reddish abdomen-type body. It is also known as a giant wood spider that comes from the Nephila genus of spiders and is oldest surviving species on the planet. The spider had been discovered with a group of fossilized cavemen, 165 million years ago.
The spider weaves a web between the leaves on a group of plant bushes and the flower stems to catch a set of flying and crawling insects, but basically it is a nuisance right now for a woodland traveler like Taffy. The web silk tissue engineering is a very strong and a very yucky, sticky substance that lovingly adhesion onto any type of delicate human flesh, like Taffy’s naked arm skin.
She jerks through the rows of plants and dashes down an empty row, moving away from the giant spider web, leaping over each fallen tree limb and then stumbles over each moss-covered tree root. She drops down and lands on her stomach, extending both of her arms for a smooth landing hitting a squashy thing, sounding with a loud scream. She shuffles both of her palms around the wet moss and reveals the squashy thing.
A short body contains a set of webbed digits, a pair of protrude eyeballs, a bifid red tinted tongue without a tail, making a dark green bullfrog.
She jumps upright from the ground and then back steps with a sour frown, quickly dashing around the bullfrog, swiftly racing ahead towards the location of the bite-nats tubes with her current life-saving mission. Taffy rushes underneath the tree canopy that blocks out the sunlight and then enters into an open clearing. The flat clearing of yellow dead grass is surrounded by rows of thorny green shrubs and wild berry plants consisting of rounded blueberries and oval-shaped red and black raspberries.
Back home in South Beach, her mother created glass jars of sweet jams and jelly preserves from the wild blueberries and raspberries that her and her sister Tulu picked from the lush plant bushes, after their afternoon chores.
Individual hovering yellow-tinted tiny hummingbirds fly beside an individual colorful butterfly continuing to suck dry the sweet nectar from each honeyberry for their food, on this cool early morning.
Honeysuckles, or the uncommon name honeyberries, grow vigorous within the heated sunlight, possessing nearly indestructible green leaves and produce red tinted rounded poisonous berries inside the honeysuckle field like here at Metro City Birmingham. The arching shrubs and twisting vines overgrow on top of anything and everything, including fallen tree stubs, old broken fencing posts, and low-hanging brick columns.
Taffy spots an old wooden stave in the middle of the yellow weeds without a single tube of bite-nats paint, racing towards the stave, sliding down over the weeds on her kneecaps. She says with a soft whisper, “Gone!” She examines the empty wooden platform then spots the color of lilac hue narrowing her eyelashes, leaning closer down into the honeysuckle leaf. A leaf is not colored in lilac hue, only pale green color.
A tight vine with red berries is coated in tiny bits of bite-nats lilac colored paint also. So, the tube of lilac paint must have broken apart probably after a rush of upright bodies impacted against the stationary and anchored the wooden stave platform, grabbing up the grand prize.
There is not any type of physical evidence, such like, ripped off human body parts or red tinted blood human proteins on top or beside that wooden platform, so her team members must have successfully acquired a tube or two of bite-nats paint also.
Taffy wonders if the lilac colored bite-nats paint could be used as a weapon that rests on top of the honeysuckle leaf. She stands upright from the yellow weeds and then sidesteps into the woodland forest searching for a tiny dead tree twig as a tool implement. She stops and yanks a healthy green leaf from the tree branch spinning around, dashing back to the wooden stave. She bends down and carefully examines each berry leaf seeing a new issue. The lilac tinted bite-nats paint has been ninety-nine percent absorbed into the main component of the vine, including all the honeysuckle flowers, red berries, green leaves, and clay red dirt. The honeysuckle vine is not dead but dying from the man-made bite-nats paint job.
Taffy is not touching the exposed bite-nats paint on each honeyberry which might accidentally transform her human body into a bell-shaped honeysuckle flower, since a finger pad of tiny bite-nats is dangerously morphing live things into a set of dead things.
Her pair of naked legs is covered in a pair of blue jeans, so she can’t paint the lilac bite-nats on her clothing. The clothing will only stain and waste the precious commodity without providing a useful weapon.
She leans over and flings the green leaf over the top of the bite-nats paint spots hitting the flower, the stem, and all of hanging berries while capturing some of the tiny splatters of lilac color. The green leaf flutters by the honeysuckle vine and then lands on top of the yellow weeds in peace.
She stands upright from the weeds with a smile and then dashes ahead squatting down, picking up one green colored tree leaf. The green tree leaf is similar to a tiny hair-horse brush. The brush is dead, so the bite-nats paint cannot morph the brush back into a live horse. She touches the dead tree leaf with a tiny amount of lilac colored paint on her arm and then draws a semi-crooked line inside the anterior of her arm. She performs the think object: flash blade. A tiny lilac colored flash blade forms inside the meat of her arm wearing a tiny set of wicked claws that protrudes on top.
She smiles down at her new gift. She performs the think object: paint. Her tiny flash blade morphs back into lilac paint on her arm.
She slowly stands upright from the weeds and scans the rest of the grounds, moving backwards to encompass the vast landscape. The landscape is beautiful, consisting of smooth fields of yellow weeds, scattered tight groves of lush green trees, and a few winding hidden forest trails into the deep woodlands, where one of her enemies can hide also. Her boot heel slams into an object. She spins around with a gasp, seeing a Thorny Forest.
The Thorny Forest displays numerous semi-crooked rows of low spiny flower species, which is composed of purple bull thistles, pink milk thistles, red flowering thorn bushes, and numerous rose bushes. A rose bush is technically known as a prickle bush, not a thorn.
Hundreds of roses have grown and inhabited the Thorny Forest from orange, yellow, and white small cabbage roses and pink, red, crimson, and mauve garden roses. A rose bush is an excellent perimeter defense for any lawn or yard area keeping away trespassers from the human-kind to mammal-kind.
She fondly thinks of her previous yesterdays in South Beach Colony at her dad’s crop and cow farm.



For years, during their childhood days within the South Beach Colony, Baycliff always brought Taffy a handful of wild pink roses, without the cow drool, that he collected around the cow pastures during his visual inspection of each baby calf and any loose hanging fence posts.

He and his horse galloped ahead like a bronze knight, in a sweaty shirt, visiting Taffy inside one of the many crop fields, toting a gallon jug of cold water with ice cubes and a basket of his mother’s home-baked oatmeal cookies.

Rusk also visited Taffy during their evening mealtime, after all farm chores at Thelee Farms, tagging slowly behind his brother McCamy, who lovingly tongue-drooled over his girl Tulu. Rusk always presented Taffy with a hand bouquet of sweet red-tinted flowered honeysuckles, without the poisonous berries, unlike his evil twin.

Taffy loved the honeysuckle flowers and sucked down the sweet nectar with Rusk on the back porch. While McCamy and her sister Tulu cuddled with each other inside the front porch swing, at her house under the watchful eyeballs of her parents Tourann and Thelee.



Back into the present day and time, within the Concert Jungle location, at 06:31 a.m., in front of the Thorny Forest, Taffy exhales with love at the beautiful roses, wiping her single tear of worry. She had to pick only one South Beach cowboy for her permanent wedded mate, after surviving the vicious dance battle fight last night and obeying the obtuse order coming from Dictator Hico, this morning. Now, Baycliff is in danger and will not last the morning, because of Taffy. The fluttering bright colors break Taffy’s day dream as dozens of flying butterflies silently land on top of her collar bone and both of her drooping arms.
A flock of butterflies is attracted to salt that lingers within the human sweat, which is called sodium. A butterfly feeds on nectar from the flowers for sugar, sips water from the damp patches of honeysuckle leaves, and pollinates any entire species of plants throughout the globe.
A butterfly dates back to the Mid-Eocene Epoch on the Planet Earth, 50 million years ago.
The flock travel in a large swarm over the span of geographical distances heading to their breeding season.
A butterfly possesses four wings covered in tiny scales. The fore and hind wings are not hooked together which creates a wonderful graceful flight while twirling their six legs.
The body lift is generated by non-transitory aerodynamics force of wing capture, which vortices at the wing edge, and then rotates the butterfly body like a machine, which is called the “clap-and-fling” mechanism. The “clap-and-fling” mechanism can change from one mode to another movement very rapidly on the butterfly’s body. So, the set of hind wings allows for a swift take off and tight wind turns while evading a predator.
If you see a single flying butterfly, the insect symbols “one person’s soul.” If you see a large number of butterflies, the swarm of insect represents a “bad omen.”
Taffy giggles at the two silly superstitions, gently flinging both of her arms in the air. The butterfly swarm flutters away from Taffy and then flies ahead towards the rows of garden roses. She drops both of her arms and slaps the vest back stepping from the pretty naturally created Rose Garden and then twirls to face the Thorny Forest, swiftly dashing ahead through the open clearing and darts around each grove of ancient trees and low-lying rows of fruit and plant bushes while scouting for her Bandit team members. In the short distance, she spots a stationary Rusk and dashes into his open arms.
Rusk hugs her wearing a smile then sniffs the air molecules using his pair of inflamed nostrils, saying with puzzlement. “You smell…”
Her eyeballs see a pair of yellow tinted butterflies fluttering towards the bright sunlight and a tree branch of green tree leaves, recalling a new tale. Two butterflies flying together symbolize the emotion of love.
She pulls back from his tight embrace and says with a smile. “I sweat stinky from my run. Did we get some of the bite-nats tubes? The wooden pallet inside the clearing location was empty. But I found some broken glass, probably from a short teenly war. I hope that we won a prize or two. Do you know, Rusk?” Taffy back steps and then scoots around Rusk dashing ahead, looking for her other Bandit team members.
He spins around and races ahead pulling beside her, running through the forest landscape. He says. “I don’t know, Taffy. But I did tell Bat to go and find a forest quarter. Since then, I’ve been hunting for you.”
They dash around a grove of trees, run through the tiny patches of wildflowers, and then leap over each fallen log. Then they spot an oversized tree canopy displaying a campsite, composed of limestone chair-sized boulders, stomped down grasslands, and an overhanging rock ledge, where the Bandit team members protect the gathered tubal glass colors of one medium-sized dark blue and two large-sized tubes of midnight black and bright orange bite-nats paint.

At 06:33 a.m., within the thick lush forest setting, Taffy and Rusk rush ahead and then stop standing inside their new campsite, admiring the gentle cradle of dried yellow and moist green leaves that pack. They cuddle around each upright glass tube of bite-nats.
Wolf thumbs back over his collar bone at the nested bite-nats tubes chuckling out loud then says. “I finally got my black skin back. I grabbed what I could getting it away from Lion and Brazilla-girl. By the way, they’re a pair of very good trackers. Please note! During the arms’ entanglement, the lilac medium-sized tube tumbled down into the honeysuckle vines as the thin glass broke into one hundred and one pieces of sharp fragments. Snake grabbed the big chunks of broken glass with lilac paint using both his bared hands. Then, they all took off like a pair of ancient nukes, heading back towards their hidden Rider nest. So, now, each team has four tubes with two of them in the super large form. Let’s paint our bodies for war ya’ll!” He laughs with amusement.
“Good job, Wolf!” Taffy nods with a smile.
“Hurry! We need to paint ourselves for body protection.” Jellico stands upright from the limestone chair-sized boulder and hides behind one of the large rock formations, eye gleaming the depths inside the lush green colored forest. She hears the invisible animals, the gusting winds, and the swaying tree leaves. She hollers with teenly fear, “They’re coming! Hurry! Hurry! We need to be protected on our bodies in here, before the battle war begins.”
“I want black paint, too, so I can become Bat-boy again.” Bat shouts and moves ahead towards the row of tubes nodding with a grin.
Taffy gasps in alarm and lifts both of her palms near her jaw line saying with a worried brow. “Hold up! We must use the four tubes of bite-nats paint wisely. I can calculate quickly that there isn’t enough paint to cover all our male and female human body parts. So, we need to decide which parts to cover and which parts are exposed. I recommend protective coverings for the human arms, since the poorly armored vests are sleeveless, but our legs and feet are protected with a pair of tough blue jeans and a set of sturdy boots. I also recommend a face mask for our facial protection and a new secret disguise. We collected good natural earthy colors of black and red which blend nicely within the forest and woodlands easily.” Each teen nods in silence.
She exhales with worry then orders. “Secondly, we sweat liquid from our working bodies which means once we are painted, we’re going have natural skin spots, which will be exposed. So, we should think wisely before painting in certain male and female areas.” Rusk pulls off his vest and exposes his muscular body. She frowns. “No! I see what you are going to do, Rusk. You’ll use all the paint to cover your exposed skin. We have to share equally, Rusk. We all need body armor protection.”
“A thin shield is better than no body shield, at all, Taffy.” Rusk states then nods his bone skull along with Bat and Wolf.
Wolf says with a nod, “Rusky’s right, Taffy Pudding. I don’t think of a female as merely an object of esthetic pleasurable labor of lust on my body,” he winks at a petite and cute Atoka.
Atoka snorts with insult and leans over mouth spitting her salvia ball on top of the short green grass blades, standing upright and sneer at Wolf. She says with a sassy timber, “You’re a male chauvinist pig, Wolf.”
Wolf chuckles then comments. “But our teen enemies have a group of tall girls and taller guys. We got a set of small teen girls, which means less paint for you’ll and more paint for us. So, in the battle, we fight…”
“…with the male advantage…” Taffy winks then flirts with Rusk. “I do see it, Rusky!” She laughs with the males.
Rusk chuckles then comments. “And I agree with Wolf-man. It’s good to be a big pig!”
“Oink! Oink!” Wolf sounds then laughs with humor.
Bat says. “We should go and steal all of their paints.”
“No! That’s too dangerous, too risky, and too late! But we can defend ourselves differently.” Rusk states spinning around and smiles into the woodlands, extending his hand to Wolf and Bat. “Gimme your vest!” Bat and Wolf remove and then hands off a personal vest to Rusk. Rusk cuddles the two items and dashes into the woods yelling to his team mates. “I’ll be back in a bit. Don’t touch the paint! I got a new idea. Taffy, guard the paint!” He disappears into the green forest.
“Rusky!” Wolf shouts then frowns at the back spine of Rusk.
“Rusk!” Taffy yells then spins around presenting a puzzled frown to Rusk also.
“The time is after Sun Block. We’re still alive and breathing. Do your recall? Hico stated, inside the Dance Hall, this mess would be over with within two hours.” Jellico comments and stands behind the large rock boulders wearing a stern face and nervously watches the forest trees and leaves while hearing the invisible wildlife, the gusting winds, and the swaying tree leaves also.
Atoka stands slightly beside Wolf and states with a stern face. “We just can’t stand here all day and night waiting for an order of hot tea and fresh biscuits,” she eye gleams the dark forest feeling her teenly fear. “We need a battle strategy, some fight plans, other survivor plots, and…”
“Jellico’s right!” Taffy comments then moves ahead towards the forest while performing the think object: flash blade. The tiny flash blade materializes on the meat of her anterior arm. She reaches down and grabs the tiny knife scooting into the tree line and then stops pulling out, cutting off a stripe of vertical tree bark from its skin. She back steps from the tree and then spins around, strolling back to Jellico.
Jellico leans over to see Taffy. Taffy reaches over pulling Jellico from the warm hiding spot into the open clearing and starts to measure pieces of cut tree bark against the big breasts on Jellico, saying with a smile. “Find me some more flowering vines!” She squats down and works on the body of Jellico. Jellico softly giggles from the rough touches of Taffy’s hands.
Wolf and Bat spin around and dash into the forest trees.
A few minutes later, they return. Several feet of new set of green tinted vines come from the arms and hands on Wolf and Bat, handing the greenery plants to Taffy.
Taffy accepts the new set of flowering vines and then leans down tying each cut tree bark shaped into a semi-circle around the breasts and the waistline on Jellico, pulling back and standing upright. She says with a smile. “Do you see my new art work? I have created a new body shielding which is Nature-made, not bite-nats. Everyone, go and find some more flowering vines and moist tree leaves. I’ll go and cut off more tree bark piece while each one of us creates a new body shield. We, girls will plant them around our chest, thighs, and shins and use the black tinted bite-nats over our arms for both protection and disguise. The boys get the bright flaming orange, since they’re the big brave targets for our enemies while protecting the inferior sex from deadly harm.” The teens laugh. She shouts. “Everyone, go and search for their nature gear!”
The teens spin around and dash back into the forest following Taffy’s new leader order.

Campsite location
Bandits’ Headquarters
Cool temperatures with parted clouds of dull sunlight
07:02 a.m.


Rusk returns back to the campsite strolling out from the forest wearing a smile.
Each teen is covered in an array of individual brown-tinted tree bark pieces, hopefully, without the stinging bugs, and tied with strands of colorful flower vines, hopefully, without more crawling insects. Each one dances around the gathered tubes of colorful bite-nats paint while humming very badly to a popular teenly musical dance song.
He carries an oversized bundle of movement between his biceps and then stops in the middle of the campsite, squatting down on top of the flattened grass, shouting out loud with a chuckle. “All right! Everyone, stop prancing around the warm fire and come here and huddle down on top of the ground with me, extending both of your hands to me. Get ready and catch your prey for the day!” He waits for each team member to kneel down into a pose of intrigue and then he gently opens one side of Wolf’s brown-tinted vest watching five furry tan-colored rabbits hop out. He hollers out loud with a stern face. “Get it!”
“Got it!” Wolf reaches out and swiftly grabs two bunnies holding them by the ears. Each bunny wiggles side to side, sniffing the air. Bat captures three mammals.
Rusk flips open one side of Bat’s light green tinted vest, shouting out loud with a stern face. “Get it!”
“Got it!” Atoka grabs two bunnies and sits down crossing her legs, holding the bunnies in her lap. She giggles with delight and pats their soft bunny fur.
Jellico catches two rabbits and then cuddles them into her neck wearing a smile of happiness. This lovely adventure is what she needs at the moment. She hums. “Awe!”
Rusk exhales with a nod, looking down at each bunny, saying with a stern face. “They ain’t pets or supper or love gifts. Each individual rabbit is a new weapon,” he captures and holds one of the tan-colored rabbits by its furry ears as the bunny wiggles side to side and then sniffs him and then the air molecules. He orders, “Open the blue tube of bite-nats for me, Wolf-man!”
Wolf hands the two bunnies to Taffy, who does not possess a cute mammal. She accepts them and then cuddles the two soft furry animals into her naked neckline, like Jellico, while giggling with amusement. He swiftly stands upright from the grass, moves ahead towards the protective huddle of bite-nats tubes, and then stops.
Bat reaches over and grabs a small tree limb swiftly standing upright from the grass also, dashing ahead to the back spine on Wolf. Wolf needs some type of funnel to capture the bite-nats paint without using the naked fingers or hands. Once the bite-nats paint is smeared onto the naked human body, the paint does not leave, except when it is washed off by water or another liquid substance off the human body.
Bat stops and stands beside Wolf, handing him the stick. Wolf accepts the stick carefully reaches down, lowering a long dead small tree limb down into the glittering liquid, saturating the brown tinted dry wood. He slowly pulls the blue tinted stick from the paint and then cuddles the stick like a baby while protecting each ounce of the precious liquid from spilling down on the grass. His naked skin is painted in blue paint, but it’s okay. Wolf can use the paint on his body and create a new deadly weapon for the upcoming fight with the Riders. He slowly spins around and moves ahead with a smile feeling the cold liquid tickle on his skin, and then stops, slowly kneeling beside Rusk. Wolf slowly slides the wet blue tinted stick over into Rusk’s naked arm, without wasting a tiny drop of the precious paint.
Rusk accepts the wet tree limb of blue paint, smearing it into a straight line, cuddling the wet stick at the crook of his elbow.
In front of the tubes of paint, Bat carefully replaces the lid back on top of the tube, securing the precious paint inside its protective nest. Each glittering tube of bite-nats paint is going to save each life form on the Bandit dance team from a vicious bloody fight with each Rider. He slowly back steps and then spins around with a smile dashing back into the camp site, sliding down between Atoka and Jellico, watching Rusk.
On top of the grass, inside the huddle of teens, Rusk exhales with tension and stares down at the live rabbit, saying with a stern face. “Now, look over here and watch me. Paint a flash blade onto your fighting arm and then materialize the blade inside your palm, like me. Everyone knows how to do that from the battle fight last night,” he gently smears more of the blue paint down towards his wrist bone and inside his open palm. Taffy holds and cuddles two of the wiggling bunnies. He finishes his paint job then hands the painted stick back to Wolf. Wolf tries to smear more wet paint over his naked body parts creating a baby weapon.
Rusk extends his free hand to Taffy. She provides a bunny. Then he slaps the poor cute bunny down on top of the hard ground as the bunny softly moans in pain and is dizzy from an escape. He narrates. “Now, take the live rabbit into your free hand and slap it hard on its side body on top of the ground and then slice its throat dead,” he quickly uses his newly painted flash blade and kills the innocent bunny as the bunny sounds with a soft groan of instant death. The other teens gasp in alarm and then groan in grossness.
Rusk does not like to kill an innocent animal, except for a food meal, but this new dangerous forest situation is both unique and deadly. He exhales with tension then continues. “Paint your forearm and hold the dead bloody rabbit rapid-o,” he holds up the dead rabbit. The rabbit drips its red tinted blood proteins over his naked forearm and the grass blades. He steals the blue-tinted bite-nats stick away from Wolf then quickly paints a new long line of bite-nats from his arm bicep down to his wrist bone and then over the dead rabbit body. The rabbit resides inside his open palm. He explains, “Touch the dead bunny body with your other or all finger pads quick-o and then perform the think object: spear. Done!” He holds the uneatable dead meat at the end of a long blue tinted spear in the air and presents a grin. The tan-colored bunny body instantly transforms still displaying its pair of floppy tan ears and its four flapping tan colored furry feet on the end of the blue-tinted pointy tip, without its rabbit face.
Wolf laughs with a nod then expresses with a smile. “I like, Rusky! Me! I be next!” He bounces and wiggles on the grass in anticipation of creating three rabbit spears too.
Rusk says with a stern face and a nod to each teen. “Each one of you needs to go out into the woodlands and find a group of smaller wild animals, such like, rabbits, squirrels, larger foul, not swallows or sparrows. The birds are too small.” He slaps the wet bite-nats painted stick onto his naked chest and sketches a large bite-nats bag housing his new spear collection, saying with a stern face to each teen. “As long as you hold the spear, in your hand, on your body part, or against your warm human flesh, the spear will retain its physical form as a deadly weapon, for a Rider fight. Then, shove the new spear with the rabbit’s dead body down into your newly created larger knap sack that touches your naked skin again, for toting and storing during our trek to save our buttholes and traveling around, like this one on my chest, for safety and protection.” He rips the newly created sack from his chest holding the cloth in the air for all eyeballs then he mounts the sack as a crisscross over his bone skull laying on his chest again.
Wolf claps with a big smile and comments with a nod to Rusk. “I vote that we make a set of arched bows with a rabbit-arrow which will further the target range, achieving a faster kill while exhibiting better efficiency to save our fanny.”
Rusk shakes his blonde skull and says with a stern face, “Naw! A bow is not real and cannot become a fighting tool for use, protecting your body, since an inanimate object does not morph with the bite-nats paint, like that dead tree stick. The weapon must be alive sorta. Bite-nats paint can absorb the last mental thought wave coming from the active rabbit’s dead brain cells, when it is touched by a human hand. The dead rabbit is still heated in a life force, until it is cooled by its death force. Bite-nats is a dumb life form as it just forms or conforms, in this case, as a hand-held spear or a dagger or an arrow or another deadly weapon for getting rid of a Rider.”
Each teen warrior silently nods in understanding then sets to work making their personal bite-nats weapon from a live cute rabbit as Rusk oversees the weapon process.
Wolf finishes the construction on the first rabbit-spear and laughs out loud standing upright from the grass, disappearing into the dark forest, searching for more live but deadly weapons.
“Yucko! It’s got eyeballs and feet.” Atoka expresses with a sour frown finishing her first construction staring down at the ugly weapon.
“Good eats!” Bat looks up with a smile and inspects her weapon.
“You’re gross, Bat!” She comments and still stares down at her first hand-made weapon.
“Bat-boy likes to eat eyeballs and feet and some more,” he comments then chuckles working to construct two orange-tinted rabbit-spears and a medium-sized shoulder bag with his old expert hunting skills and new bite-nats paint talents.
Rusk scoots around on his kneecaps and studies each weapon saying with a stern face. “The paint needs to completely cover the rabbit’s face, ya’ll. Then you need to slice off the un-used rabbit feet and ears using your newly created flash blade afterwards to reduce the weight of the spear while fighting with your enemy.”
Jellico cuddles the two furry creatures into her breasts shaking her new red tinted tiara on top of her black hair roots, pointing down at each weapon and comments with a sour frown. “I am not touching that thing, much less tossing that at…”
“…your teenly enemy…” Bat laughs out loud and then leans down slithering over the grass, like a snake, stopping in front of the kneecaps on Jellico. He stands upright on both of his kneecaps and then leans over, bad breathing into her face with a sneer. “The Rider is trying to murder, maim, mutate, mutilate, and the rest of those nasty ‘m’ verbs.” He twists a face to see Rusk then asks. “Rusk, does it need to be a spear weapon?”
Rusk says. “The weapons needs to be anything with a sharp point and a sturdy handle for hitting, slicing, tossing at one of our shared and evil enemies. You then have created a murderous mobile or soaring missile weapon that leaves a cupped palm that will harm, hurt, and kill any annoying Rider, if it’s stabbed in the right fleshy tender spot. The rabbit’s single brain wave thought makes the spear pass freely from your physical hand, through the air, and then hits your enemy target. Normally, the newly created bite-nats flash blade can’t be removed from your hand gripe, until it is completely washed off by water or whacked off by a true metal sword, since your blood proteins are comprised of a liquid component here…”
“Well, that’s a good point to always remember about bite-nats weapons, Bandits,” Atoka states.
Wolf returns back to the camp site and wears a smile, holding up the true forest mammal in the air, stating to his teammates. “I found me an opossum. Or is it possum?” The upside down mariposa does not wiggle but pretends to be death as it tries to fool its capture. He chuckles then states. “It tickles.”
Rusk looks up and then frowns at Wolf and the mariposa. “That’s a mama possum. Let it go back home and feed her babies, Wolf-man!”
Wolf spins around and dashes back into the forestland obeying Rusk’s command, disappearing for a second time back into the dark woodlands to return the mama possum back to her babies.
On top of the grass, Bat stands upright from Jellico and spins around moving ahead, dancing side to side with his new spear, laughing with amusement. He comments with a smile, “This is too easy! We accumulate enough weapons among our bodies and then lure each Rider back here to our secret forest den. Each one of us ambushes, defends, defeats, and conquers the enemies once and for all. Then we win, get all the bite-nats and get back home to…”
“Hey! Look at my new red tinted pike axe.” Atoka exclaims standing upright from the grass blades wearing a smile, wiping the rabbit blood from her cheekbone, holding her pike axe in the air. “It also have got a pretty fur brown coat to compliment the dark blue paint too.” She softly chuckles at her first bite-nats weapons.
Rusk turns to see Atoka and says with a smile. “Good job, Atoka! As long as, the tip point is sharp, it works. I’m afraid that’s it not that easy, Bat, to accumulate free weapons. I scouted about five clicks from our present position and found only these thirteen rabbits. I saw some climbing squirrels, but they were too high into the tree branches without using a set of real arrows or a loud shotgun. Do ya’ll remember? The Rider teammates are seeking out and capturing the same group of rabbits and squirrels as their newly created bite-nats weapons also. Baycliff is really one of us, but not one of us, He possesses the same knowledge of the bite-nats paint, along with some of the Riders. So, we capture all the rabbits and squirrels leaving all the flying, squawking and shitting nasty birds for the Riders,” he laughs with some of the other teens.
“What about a slithering snake?” Wolf returns back to the camp site and wears a sour frown holding a pair of empty hands coming from his brief woodlands hunt.
Rusk say with a grin, “That’s called, a death reflex. You end up fanged, before fried from their reactive mental thought wave.” Each teen laughs with a nod.
“I’m glad that you have pointed out that fatal flaw, before I fended me a foul ball.” Wolf states and squats down starting to design a new rabbit-pike axe, like Atoka, stealing one of the hopping bunnies from Jellico’s cupped hands.
Jellico gasps in alarm then screams in worry. “Hey!”
Bat exhales with worry then comments. “Shut it, Wolf-man! Okay. We’re outta of both rabbits and squirrels. No birds. No snakes. No possums. So, what’s left now for the fight?”
“Your wits!” Taffy comments finishing her first rabbit-spear weapon and then starts to construct a chest pouch for the new weapon with a smile.
“I’m in deep puppy poop-poop.” Jellico sadly comments and tightly cuddles her single bunny.
Taffy stands upright from the grass wearing her new chest pouch and holds the spear tip near her jaw line, exhaling with tension, moving around each teen. She encourages her teammates wearing a stern face, “All right! Rusk has given us a set of very good instructions, as well as, acting as our new weapons instructor. Now, we go forth and scout for more bunnies or smaller critters and then come back within thirty minutes. Then we’ll paint up our new body armor over our tree bark panels and the pretty flower vines. Then, we go forth searching for our prey within the bright sunny daylight rays, ending this midnight, and finally going back home as the only victors of the Apprenticeship Program and the Smell the Sweet Honeysuckles Dance.” Each teen shouts with a cheer and a smile, standing upright from the grass, disappearing into the woodlands with the new plan.

At 07:14 a.m., within the woodlands setting, Taffy slowly strolls ahead last moving around each tall tree while scraping her boots over the mushy green moss, green low-lying bushes, and rows of colorful wildflowers. The wildflowers are used as a source of feed and fun for the hopping bunnies. She follows behind Rusk.
He stops, then sniffs the air and starts to move ahead wearing a puzzlement brow and then stops again, smelling the air. Then he strolls a few feet ahead and then stops sniffing the air again, repeating that pattern. He feels puzzled.
Taffy veers from Rusk, strolls around a grove of tall shade trees and more low-bearing bushes and then stops squatting down, searching underneath each thick bush and deeply sighs with disappointment. She comments, “I don’t see one single bunny here underneath the plant brush. We need to scout further out. Where are you, Rusk? Are you near me?”
He moves ahead, stops, and stands above the hair roots on Taffy, inhaling the air molecules, wearing a puzzled brow. He leans down and then grabs her arm assisting Taffy to stand upright, spinning her to face him. He wears a worried brow. Rusk leans over and sniffs her brown colored pixie hair.
She giggles from his funny movement then asks. “Is that a new bunny-hunting technique, Rusk?” He leans down with a stern face into her neck then sniffs slowly shifting to the opposite side of her throat, smelling her throat skin. She asks with a smile, “Are you going to kiss me, Rusk?”
He stands upright and wears a worried brow stating with a firm tone. “You smell sweet like a cup of honeysuckle juice.” She spins around with a smile then wiggles her hips and bats her eyelashes with a girly flirtatious gesture to Rusk in silence.
His pair of eyeballs searches her entire body then spots her anterior arm and as he reaches down and grabs her arm. He narrows his two eyelids and touches her colored art work stating with another firm tone. “This is a drawing with lilac colored bite-nats paint that came from the broken tube per Bat.”
“Yeah, I agree. I concur. And I did it. I didn’t find the broken tube, only tiny broken fragments of glass where ninety-nine percent of the spilled paint had splashed down onto the honeysuckles…”
“…leaves…” He states then gasps in alarm continuing to hold her arm.
She gasps in shock too at his understanding and his undertone. She states with a sour frown, “Look! I didn’t touch the bite-nats paint on the bunch of honeyberries, as I was afraid that I might turn into great big lilac colored honeyberry, too,” Taffy giggles. He nods with a stern face in silence. She says with a grin. “I was smarter. I used a tree leaf and then collected tiny drops of the lilac colored bite-nats placing them on my naked arm. I couldn’t waste any of the precious paint. It supposed to be a flash blade but looks more like a flash claw hammer or something funnier. Do you like my new baby bite-nats weapon, Rusk?”
He reaches down with a worried brow and gently touches her painted arm stating with a serious tone, “Hmm! I’m guessing that the bite-nats paint must have absorbed by some of the nectar honeyberry juice, as well, since the batch of bite-nats is dumb and only conforms. Then, the lilac bite-nats color painted onto your skin must have also absorbed both the color of the paint and the smell of the honeyberries, within the newly formed bite-nats drawing,” he looks up with a worried brow to see Taffy saying with a stern face. “You smell like a bunch of sweet honeyberries, Taffy.”
She giggles with a grin then wiggles her body saying with a smile. “Well, I guess, that’s better than the mushy gross tree moss, that smells like day old bread. Do you think so, too, Rusk?”
He exhales with worry then states with a worried brow. “Taffy, I can smell and sniff you, when I walk up from behind your rear skull, which was about twenty feet away from me. I’m guessing here. The grounded batch of honeysuckles is some type of yellow blooming flowers.” She nods in silence.
He says with a sour frown. “Well, I guessed right, then! This yellow blooming flower plant is heavily scented and possesses lots of honeyberries. The sweet smell attracts bees, butterflies, and birds for the pollination process.” He releases her arm and lifts both of his palms near his jaw line ordering to her. “Stay right there, Taffy! Let me try something over here!” He slowly back steps and then stops ten feet from her position spinning around to face the opposite direction, seeing the forestland. He orders, “Taffy, I’m going to close my eyelids. You move around in a different direction, so I can try to…”
“…track me, my body, Rusk! We don’t have time for these silly fun time and games,” she says with a stern tone.
He continues to stand in place and wears a worried brow issuing his command, “Taffy, listen to me here! Please, scoot around the forest clearing. Humor me, right here and right now. Okay?”
She tosses both of her palms in the air near her jaw line then slowly sidesteps in an easterly direction in front of a grove of tall shade trees surrounded with the smelly green moss bed, rows of green plant bushes and then stops. She stands upright and wears an angry face softly sneering at his back spine while wasting her precious time.
He lifts his hand and points in an easterly direction saying with a worried brow. “You are standing east of my position. Okay! Move around again, but not in front of me.” She exhales with annoyance and shakes her pixie slowly sidestepping to the opposite direction and then stops standing in front of a new grove of trees.
He continues to stand in place and points in a westerly direction stating with a concern. “You are standing west of my position.” She gasps in shock and then quickly shuffles sideways and stops standing farther away from the stationary, presenting a worried brow and stares at back spine on Rusk.
He lifts and points his arm and hand in a westerly direction, saying with a worried brow. “West. You are still moving away from my stationary position and heading towards the western side of my body.” She gasps in shock and wraps both of her arms around her vest strolling backwards, moving away from the stationary back spine on Rusk and then stops. She still wears a worried brow in silence.
He thumbs back over his collar bone and sniffs the sweet smelling air waves saying with a stern face. “South! You are standing south and are upwind from my body, Taffy.”
She gasps in shock and quickly sidesteps moving ahead a few feet out of his eyesight and then stops hiding behind a new grove of tall trees surrounded by low-lying green tinted bushes and pods of colorful wildflowers.
He points ahead of his body and states with a worried brow. “North! You are standing northerly of my position. I can sniff and then smell your body or your odor near me, honey bun.” She stands in place and starts to sob with her worried steaming heated tears down from her two eye sockets, wiping her face.
He spins around, dashes ahead then stops standing a few inches beside Taffy. He does not Taffy to share her lovely scent of the sweet-smelling honeysuckle juice on his body either. He says with a fake smile, “I know. Let’s wipe the paint off your arm, since the bite-nats is the item that has absorbed the sweet honeyberry odors. That should eliminate the sweet scent on your body. Is that okay, sweetheart?” He releases Taffy and then back steps squatting down, collecting the green healthy leaves between his two naked hands. He carefully stands upright from the grass blades and rubs the wetness of each leaf over her arm smearing the lilac paint, destroying the tiny flash blade on her skin.
She continues to stand in worried silence.
He drops the ruined tree leaves on top of the ground then back steps starting to sniff the air molecules. Then he moves ahead and then stops smelling the air waves again. His nose holes lean down and sniffs the smell on top of her brown tinted hair roots, moving down to one of her earlobes, then the side of her neck, then one of her collar bones, and finally down to her upper bicep. He pulls back and leans over, smelling the other bicep on her arm, slowly moving his nose holes back up the same side of her body.
She continues to stand with her worried silence.
He finally sniffs the top of her hair roots and pulls back scooting a few feet away from her then stops saying with a stern face. “You still smell like a picked bunch of sweet honeysuckles.” She sobs with worried heated tears starting to roll down her two cheekbones, without wiping them off her worried face. He exhales with worry then states with a stern tone. “I smell the same amount of odor. The wet leaves didn’t remove one tiny ounce. So, I guess, the honeysuckle nectar has absorbed down into your human skin, like a floral perfume, which will probably have to wear off like a berry stain on the human tissue, within a couple of days.”
She gasps in shock then shouts in panic, “A couple of days! We hunt right here and right now! I…I can’t hunt with my Bandit team mates right here and right now. I’ll get them hurt or worser killed, due to my forest odor. Each hunting Rider will smell me first and then track me second like a fox hound, before they even see my fanny,” she back steps with worry and flings both of her palms near her sour frown stating with a firm tone. “I have to hunt a Rider, all alone, without you, Rusk!”
He dashes ahead with a worried brow, hugs stopping her motion, whispering over her hair roots. “No! We hunt with a buddy for both protection and success. You’re my buddy, Taffy. Nothing changes that.” He pulls back with a smile and a nod seeing her tears, saying with a soft timber. “We are together in this hunt, from beginning to ending, Taffy. I promise that we’ll win. We wait it out. McCamy and my daddy are coming back here. They’re on their way to save us, honey bun. We just survive for a few more hours,” he leans over and kisses her wet lips and her streaming hot tears, shifting his lips, kissing her wet cheekbone, her nose tip, and her sweaty forehead and then pulls back with a smile. He states with a cheery tone, “Smile for me! Everything’s going to be okay, Taffy.” She parts her lips showing some of her white tooth enamel, without a true smile, feeling both worry, fear, and terror for her person, her boyfriend Rusk, and her Bandit team mates.
He says with a nod. “Good girl! When we get back home in South Beach, we’ll have us a wild rodeo with a ring of pony rides, a good tasting roasted pig barbeque meal, and a pretty horse show. I like watching all the Tennessee Walking horses that Hixson owns. The horses are a herd of pretty and elegant dance steppers, like you, Taffy Pudding,” he leans over and kisses her lips for a long time, pulling back with a smile, saying with a sweet tone. “Jellico called you, that cute nickname, Taffy Pudding, which is both sweet and smooth tasting,” he chuckles with delight.
“You!” She states with a fake smile then slaps his bicep. “I…” see the object and as she whispers. “I see a rabbit,” she returns and winks back at Rusk. “I know how to get more weapons for the Bandits. I can use my sweet honeysuckle odor to attract all the prey. You go around me and catch them, while they sniff on my honeysuckle body,” she releases Rusk then drops down on the grass like a dead tree branch. Rusk slowly scoots backward a few feet from Taffy and then hides behind the tree watching the rabbit family.
One at a time, an innocent rabbit smells the sweet odor in the air waves and then hops forward seeking the sweet food. Taffy rests on her stomach and stares at the single bunny, without movement.
The rabbit is not certain and then hops backwards spinning around, sliding back down into the rabbit hole. She continues to rest down on top of the grass blades without motion or movement holding her sour breath.
A second rabbit emerges from the rabbit hole while smelling the sweet odor also. It hops on the grass and then slowly moves ahead stopping beside the arm of Taffy, smelling the skin.
Rusk dashes ahead in a crouched form and reaches out grabbing the bunny, stuffing it down into his cupped vest. He slides down beside Taffy and cuddles the vest, like a baby, smiling in silence.
At the rabbit hole, behind the bush, a third rabbit emerges out from the hole while smelling the sweet odor in the air waves too. It hops dangerously close to Taffy without the knowledge of its deadly fate, until Rusk has collected the entire bunny rabbit nest.
Bandits Taffy and Rusk returned back to the camp site and shared the flock of rabbits with all their fellow team members. Quickly, each team member designed a set of new spears or pick axes with the innocent forest animal, then painted their body with colorful bite-nats paint, and finally paired up, searching for a Rider to finish the dangerous dance competition.


08:01 a.m.
Battlefield (north) location
Broken Wall setting
Cool temperatures and dull sunlight
A solid wall of four feet high red bricks once surrounded a row of residential houses within the happy city limits of Huntsville. After a series of deadly laser blasts, the entire community was destroyed killing all the residents, also, decades ago.
A semi-circle wall comprised of beaten up and seared dull red tinted clay-baked bricks stands upright four feet high and then drops down into the patch of tall and wide yellow weeds repeating the same destruction pattern in a completed circle among a batch of taller green tinted weeds.
Taffy and Rusk slowly stroll around the semi-circle wall of tiered bricks coming around a thick tall column of more broken bricks, sliding down into the yellow weeds while spotting the vicious teenly action.
In front of weather beaten garage door, on a free-standing garage building, a tall and sexy Rider Brazoria wears a series of neon green vertical spikes on top of her black hair roots traveling down and also expanse each side of her rib cage, lining each her two collar bones and then moves down the side of her two arms, stopping in the middle of her top bony hand. Underneath the green tinted spikes, a bright yellow tinted assortment of leather-like animal scales pattern has been painted on as her personal and creative body armor, appearing, suck like a funky tall, sexy T-rex dinosaur. She raises a green and yellow bite-nats javelin weapon in the air and then tosses the weapon at Bandit Jellico. The javelin soars and then plummets down in the flat ground of yellow weeds, kissing the weeds, missing Jellico and sticks down through the concrete slab.
Jellico continues to swiftly race away from the ugly green and yellow tinted bite-nats painted T-rex mask that represents Rider Brazoria, dashing ahead towards the lush forest, without spinning around to defend her person using her own bite-nats pike axe.
Taffy stands upright then quickly sprints ahead coming from a sitting position behind the column of bricks and performs an array of lady sneers at a vicious Brazoria. She draws out her blue tinted, rabbit-spear from her shoulder pouch dashing to rescue Jellico. Brazoria dashes ahead with a string of loud curse words on top of the smooth hard concrete slab after Jellico to finish the death job. Taffy parallels her racing speed slight behind the running body of Brazoria then leaps in the air landing down at the rear calf muscle on Brazoria and cuddles Brazoria’s long leg.
Brazoria stumbles behind then falls down landing on both of her elbows saving her face from an injury down on top of the hard concrete, sneering with in her defeat. She looks up and views the back spine on a racing Taffy towards an escaping Jellico. Taffy dashes ahead and cuddles Jellico slowly shuffling them towards an opening among a wall of broken white concrete blocks.
Brazoria swiftly stands upright from the concrete slab staring to loudly scream, spitting out an array of her leaking blood proteins from her busted lip and spirited fighting fury.
On top of the bumpy surface, Jellico trips over one of the larger blocks sliding down on top of the dull vanilla-colored concrete slab screaming in horror, falling away from Taffy. She scrapes both her nose bridge and her naked elbows. Taffy swiftly halts then spins around staring down with worry at Jellico.
Brazoria continues to race and yells advancing towards the two Bandits, pulling out a second yellow and green colored javelin into her cupped hand, holding her weapon even with her collar bone. Taffy looks up with a gasp and views Brazoria, looking back down to see at Jellico. Jellico slowly stands upright on her two kneecaps, wiping off the blood from her two elbows producing heated rolling tears from her two eyeballs, feeling her throbbing pain.
Taffy pulls out a second blue tinted spear and dashes ahead towards Brazoria holding her spear even with her collar bone too while performing a new array of lady sneers at the vile girl. The two bite-nats weapons are not released from each cupped hand but collide together at the pointy tip creating a soft musical ting.
Taffy quickly jerks back her spear and stabs at the guts on Brazoria, missing. Brazoria tosses her javelin at Taffy then stops and watches, hurting the plot of grass, sounding with a gasp of annoyance.
Taffy back steps and sneers again, tossing her rabbit spear at Brazoria, kicking her boot toe then connects at the naked arm on the tall teenager girl. Brazoria back steps with a scream then jerks off a second rabbit spear from the side of her rib cage rearing back, tossing at Taffy.
Taffy elegantly slides sideways from the weapon and as the javelin hits wounding the grass for a second time. Jellico finally stands feeling all her wounds and paces side to side while watching Taffy fight against Brazoria.
Brazoria halts in place and slaps both of her palms over her painted bite-nats body, looking for a new javelin, feeling one on her back spine.
On top of the hard concrete slab, Jellico slowly turns around on top of the bloody surface performing a gasp of shock then slowly sidesteps with her fears, fleeing towards a broken hole, inside one of the free-standing garage doors. The empty garage space is a perfect hideout, until Bandit Leader Taffy kills an evil Rider Leader Brazoria.
In front of Brazoria on top of the yellow ground, Taffy twirls her blue tinted rabbit-spear sideways around her waistline, then lifts the weapon in the air, swirling around her hair roots, for speed, not drama. Brazoria rears back and tosses her third javelin at Taffy.
Bat appears and stands behind Taffy reaching out, grabbing Taffy at her waistline, jerking her from the third flying javelin, landing her into his chest. The third javelin lands and sticks down in Taffy’s exact spot.
Brazoria gasps in shock seeing Jellico then swings around to face the row of garage doors too, dashing after the escaping Bandit, lifting her fourth javelin over her collar bone and as her acute eyeballs target the back spine on Jellico. She tosses the fourth javelin and watches the motion sounding with evil laughter and a wicked smile. The sharp tip spins in a circle and then neatly impales through the back spine sticking the tip through the pumping heart organ, protruding from her cracked chest cavity on Jellico.
Jellico slams forward into a solid yellow tinted garage door, like a red-tinted scarecrow, glittering within the bright sunshine rays and as her individual blood proteins slowly drip down from her broken nose holes, both two damaged ears, her set of busted lips, and her destroyed heart organ within her cracked chest cavity, slowly sliding down and lands in a folded human heap on top of the red and on the concrete also.
Taffy screams in both pain and sorrow, for her team mate, slowly back stepping along with Bat, seeing the horrible picture.
Brazoria bounces up and down on top of the slab celebrating her wicked dance victory of happiness for killing of her first Bandit.
Bat continues to shuffle backwards then slams into a solid concrete wall holding Taffy.
In front of the forest of tall trees, Rusk rolls forward then pivots around on his kneecaps, standing upright, reaching out and grabbing the pink-tinted nostrils on Rider Gator.
Gator is painted in pale green colored bite-nats paint displaying an array of small sharp spikes around both of his earlobes and his jaw line, like a spiky beard. He shoves Rusk away stumbling backward also then halts sneering in anger, charging ahead with a set of loud snarls. He whips his pink-tinted squirrel-axe at Rusk and misses pitching the weapon, again, at Rusk. He misses for a second time tumbling towards Rusk, out of control and out of balance. He tosses both of his arms in the air trying to keep from falling down at Rusk’s booted feet.
Rusk quickly back steps and draws out his blue tinted rabbit-spears twirling the weapon in front of his chest then encircles it around his hair roots and finally jabs the pointy top at the waving arm on Gator. The tip draws both blood and screams from the Rider.
Rusk jerks the rabbit-tip from Gator’s wound behind his earlobe then jabs forward at the same wounded arm on Gator, withdrawing the weapon again, drawing more blood proteins and screams from the injured yelling Rider teen.
Gator drops down to the ground on his two kneecaps while screaming in throbbing pain on his injured arm meat. Rusk quickly acts stabbing the spear tip at one of the folded legs on Gator then rapidly withdraws the bloody tip standing there, laughing at the foolish victim.
Gator screams in pain then sits backwards on top of his fanny both crying in throbbing pain wildly swinging his two pike axes in the air, missing each body part on Rusk. He slowly stands upright on his kneecaps again while yelling in pain.
Rusk can’t resist and can’t allow the teen to live either. He stabs the spear tip through the naked rib cage on Gator penetrating Gator’s heart muscle.
Gator stops screaming then tumbles sideways away from Rusk landing his arm, chest cavity and then side profile of his face. He closes his two eyelids in pain and displays a rabbit spear inside his naked chest. Then he expires his last breath of life and as his soul quickly 
Rusk continues to stand in place bowing his chin down into his cheat while offering a silent heavenly prayer to the Prime Creator, for the innocent teen, who is a horrible victim from Dictator’s Hico evil plans.
An invisible body screams out loud in the far distance away from Rusk, “No!”
In front of the concrete opening, Taffy swiftly slides sideways away from Bat landing down on her arm on top of the hard rough concrete, watching Bat battle dance with Lion, in front of her grounded body.
Lion wears a yellow bite-nats mask surrounded with a brown tinted mane protecting his skull, face, and neck along with bright yellow spiked hairy armor down his naked chest and each naked arm, going down to each one of his wrist bones, ending in a pair of brown-tinted spiked bite-nates fighting gloves. He charges ahead with his rebel yell flinging a pair of pink-tinted, squirrel-pike axes missing Bat and then Lion dances to the side striking each axe at Bat again. Lion misses the Bandit for a second time.
Bat ducks down low then pulls out his blue tinted rabbit-dagger jabbing the tip forward at one of Lion’s dancing ankles, missing the Rider. Bat rolls over the grass blades and away from a flying squirrel-pike axe tip and then halts. He stands upright and jabs his rabbit-dagger at the exposed chest on Lion.
Lion swings his squirrel-pike axe at Bat’s skull missing but connects with the broken concrete wall, jerking out the axe tip from the wall sounding with laughter. He swings his weapon at the wall connecting to the crumpling rock, jerking out the axe again and then hears the terrible sound. He swiftly back steps and sounds with more vile laughter.
The entire wall groans with pain and then swiftly breaks splitting into a set of very large and tiny small pieces. Bat turns with a gasp and watches the tumbling wall of solid hard concrete blocks slowly back stepping then lands on top of Taffy. The pieces of vanilla colored concrete small and large block shift then fall down landing on top of them. Bandits Bat and Taffy become buried alive or maybe dead inside the fallen wall chunks of concrete.
On top of the hard concrete, Brazoria bounces up and down for a few seconds and then stops spinning around with her evil laughter, dashing behind the back spine on Lion. He heads towards the southern portion, within the lush forestland, in search of more Bandits.
Inside her concrete coffin with Bat, Taffy screams from sudden impact resting on the smooth hard concrete slab underneath the warm body of Bat. She coughs out the plume of irritating dust particles from her tongue mouth spitting bites of hard brick fragments in the air. They land on her body. Her nose is scraped and her mouth bleeds from hitting the rough man-made items. She carefully bucks her grounded body up and down causing Bat to slide off her chest on top of an uneven slab of concrete blocks then leans over touching the face of a dead human, who once was named as a mysterious Bat.
She jerks back her hand and closes both of her eyelashes quickly praying for a dead Bat, who has ascended into heavenly realm now. She is still alive and kicks both of her boot heels in the air knocking some of the smaller chunks of concrete blocks away from the ground body, creating a small open hole. She crawls ahead on her back spine wearing the wet and dried blood proteins from a dead Bat all over her body, slowly moving ahead into the bright warm sunshine rays. She slowly stands upright from the broken concrete blocks exhaling with a deep sigh of pain, worry, concern fear, and relief. She can feel the developing black and blue bruises across both of her arms and legs and on her chest cavity but can’t think about that now. She slowly moves ahead and then wobbles off balance, focusing in the near distant.
Rusk is in major trouble against a fighting Rider.

At 08:34 a.m., on the forest pathway, inside the same grove of trees, within the cool temperatures with dull sunlight rays, Rider Etta dashes ahead from the lush forest and then leaps in the air a few inches, landing down on top of Rusk’s exposed and unprotected back spine, wrapping both of her arms around his naked neck, sawing her tiny lilac colored bite-nats razors deeply down into his exposed and naked human skin tissue. He cries out in pain and slowly back steps dropping down on both of his kneecaps, rolling onto his back spine, carrying along Etta.
She hangs on his back spine and continues to dig her embedded razors deeper into his neck, throat, and collar bones. Rusk screams in pain again and jerks one of the pink tinted gloves on Etta from his throat, swinging them in a circle, dragging Etta off his back spine. He continues to swing in a set of completed circles lifting the light-weight petite girl higher in the air.
Etta screams and then silences from the dizzy flight. He releases her glove as her body sails in the air then lands with a soft thump on top of the smooth ground.
Rusk drops down on his kneecaps and heaves in heavy breaths mouth drooling his salvia trying not to vomit up the packets of stale crackers from his breakfast meal. He feels his dizzy head and his upset stomach acids.
Etta rolls onto her kneecaps then slowly wobbles her body upright, carefully strolling ahead back towards Rusk, shaking her bone head from the buzzing sounds of dizziness. She stops then climbs back onto his back muscles balancing with both her hands and her kneecaps, heaving in fits with her own mouth drool. She may vomit up her breakfast meal on top of his back spine.
Near the row of garage buildings, Taffy shakes her sweaty hair strands clearing out her dizzy mind dashing around a grove of tall shade trees and draws out her rabbit-spear, leveling the weapon even with her collar bone. She races towards Etta, who rides at the naked back spine on Rusk. Taffy stops and leans down, jabbing the sharp tip, on the rabbit-spear, inside the earlobe, hitting the sensitive and delicate eardrum on Etta.
Etta screams out loud in extremely pain then tilts sideways falling off the back spine on Rusk, landing down on the grass, crying with suffering. Then she quickly dies from the terrible ear puncture and as her damaged brain cells swiftly erupt automatically shutting down all oxygen levels into her pumping heart organ, staring with a pair of open eyelashes ahead at the lush green forestland. But she does not see it anymore as her bio-shell is dead and her soul has ascended into the heavenly realm with the other teen dancers.
Taffy turns with a gasp to find Rusk gone, spinning around with a worried brow while searching for an injured Rusk, pacing rapidly beside the edge of the woodlands towards the western side of the Concrete Jungle. Now, she understands the weird name, for the unknown place, several yards away from the ancient and current Dance Hall building, within the captured property, that is labeled as Metro City Birmingham, which is not a city, but rows of old damaged buildings, where people both do live and exist.
This spot once represented an active thriving community of families, businesses and social activities before Nuclear War Three. Then, an array of state-of-the-art laser beams rained down from the heavens coming from a fleet of international airships, destroying every precious life form in both man and mammal. The result was a pile of burning rubbish and ruble, where Mother Nature then took back her landscape touching each man-made object with her beautiful streams of flowering vines, plant bushes, and colorful wildflowers.
The flat ground level consists of scattered tall piles of dull black and yellow colored burnt buildings or standing upright dull white or dark brown colored structures without damage and also clearings of flat colorful landscapes displaying large groves of tall shade trees, low-lying green-tinted fruit and plant bushes, yellow-tinted tall weeds, and patches of scattered colorful wildflowers.
Behind the destroyed community, a long, wide woodlands of lush thick trees and low bushes still exists from the ancient yesterdays, probably a family walking park that has overgrown into a lush thick forest.
Taffy jogs beside the edge on the thick forest, scanning the landscape for Rusk and then sees him on the ground. She gasp in worry and races ahead feeling her heavy heart.
A few feet from a wall of tall damaged bricks and rows of free-standing beaten-up garage buildings, Rusk stumbles down in the wet grass reaching out, collecting a handful wet moist green leaves and places the pile of wet cool leaves on his rear neck wound and his throat muscles while panting in heavy breaths. He groans in both pain and suffering.
Taffy does not stop but slides down on her kneecaps, without hitting him, posing beside his nose profile. She says with a worried brow. “How badly are you hurt from the vicious fight with Etta? You are bleeding all around your wounded neck and throat.”
He gurgles from the throat wound then softly tries to laughter sounding like a young child. “I’m a tough and rough cowboy. Don’t you remember that, honey bun?” He holds a batch of wet cool leaves around parts of his injured throat covering some of his tiny red-tinted skin cuts while cringing in manly pain. She leans down and collects more wet green leaves with excess water drops standing upright on her kneecaps, presenting a worried brow. He gurgles again then stats to Taffy. “Shake the bugs out from the leaves first!”
“Yeah, yeah, of course, of course!” She says then extends both of her arms over the ground and gently shakes the loose pile of wet leaves in the air. A few bugs fly off or drop down to the ground. She quickly examines the wet leaves for any more un-friendly bugs, leaning down, placing more of the wet leaves around his wounded neck tissue. Some of the leaves drop on the ground as he can’t hold onto the new pile of leaves. Both his neck and shoulders are covered in loose wet leaves.
She swiftly stands upright from the ground then spins around dashing a few feet, seeking some plant vines, and finds her new treasure. She kneels down and reaches out grabbing the vines, jerking backwards with all her girly strength. The patch of plant vines departs from the soil and then fly through the air as Taffy falls backwards on her rump sounding with a slightly giggle of success. She stands upright from the ground and swing around toting the vines, moving back to Rusk.
She slides down on her kneecaps dropping the batch of vines, selecting one vine and gently ties the vine around some of the wet leaves to secure the homemade bandage around his wounded neck. Hico did not allow any personal items from any teen to carry into the Concrete Jungle. Each teen has to become either innovative or die in the dance competition process.
She finishes tying each vine, without the bugs, around his neck and shoulders, sounding with a chuckle. He looks like a human Christmas tree, without the rounded ball and bright tiny lights. She sings softly. “O Christmas tree! O Christmas tree!” Taffy slides down beside him and presents a smile reaching out, holding his bicep. She sound with a deep sigh feeling a sad heart, saying with a meek timber. “Jellico and Bat and Etta are no more. You got…”
“…Gator...”
She exhales with deep worry then softly says. “That leaves me, you, Wolf-man, Atoka,” she frowns. “Lion and Brazoria work very well together in a fighting environment.”
He softly chuckles then says with a firm tone. “Do you expect any less from a gigantic Brazilla Dinosaur?”
Taffy states a sour frown. “We’re still sorta evenly matched with me, you, and Wolf-man against both Lion and Brazilla Dinosaur.”
Rusk comments, “Rider Pemona doesn’t seem much of a warrior fighter. The weakest dancers or teens or animals or life forces always go first. That’s the way of life in the jungle.”
Taffy nods in silent acceptance feeling more of her deep worries.


08:49 a.m.
Battlefield (south) location
Riders’ Hideout setting


An orange-tinted raptor bite-nats mask and matching semi-decorated combination bite-nats and tree bark-covered body on Bandit Atoka crouches down behind the tall shade tree holding her blue-tinted rabbit-pike axe in one hands, eye gleaming each bush, tree, and soil for any type of boot prints. The landscape is clear of both Riders and small wildlife animals. The insects are enjoying the cool temperatures singing to the solar sun.
She swiftly stands upright from the ground green tinted moss and then races ahead towards a new tall tree, squatting behind another thick tree trunk for her continued body protection, eye gleaming each bush, tree, and soil for any type of boot prints again. The pathway is clear also.
She swiftly stands upright from the grass and dashes ahead to the next thick tree trunk squatting down behind the tree bark. The bird screeches in the wind. Then she feels pain at the rear of her bone skull. A cascade of hot-feeling red-tinted blood proteins falls forward drowning her face and as she drops sideways resting on top of the part-bloody and part green tinted grass blades. Atoka moans with throbbing pain and then rolls across the ground facing a pale blue beautiful skyline. Her eyeballs dart down seeing a pink-tinted bite-nats Dinosaur mask first and then a naked bronze-colored hand cups a long yellow, green tinted bite-nats javelin. Her enemy hovers over her grounded body.
“Kill her!” An invisible body screams in an alto timber using a deadly tone.
Dinosaur/Pemona shakes her long brown tinted ponytail and slowly scoots around a grounded Atoka limping away from the fallen Bandit, wearing with a sad face, still holding her javelin weapon. She says with a soft voice, “I can’t. I won’t. I’m hurt. I hurt my ankle falling down from that high tree branch. The tree branch is too high, for my body. I wanna go back home to South Beach. I don’t wanna win nothing, too boot.”
Brazoria quickly dashes ahead wearing an angry brow and then stops reaching down, jerking the green and yellow tinted bite-nats javelin away from Pemona as the bite-nats paint morphs back into a dead green and yellow dead snake body. She pivots around to face Atoka and then strolls ahead drawing out her own green and yellow bite-nats javelin from the rear pouch on her back spine, marching straight towards the tall shade tree. She stops and then stands over a paralyzed and ground Atoka, stabbing the sharp tip on the snake-javelin down into the pumping heart muscle on the Bandit, leaving the death weapon as her death mark. Atoka spasms sideways gagging for air molecules and then quickly dies with her finally breath. Her soul quickly ascends into the heavenly realm.
Brazoria pivots away from a dead Atoka sounding with her evil laughter and moves back to Pemona creating a set of vile lady sneers then stops yelling at her Rider teammate. “This ain’t no child’s game, Heroine! We win. We die. We choose.” She squats down on top of the grass blades shooting her set of sour bad breathes into the face mask on Pemona saying with a sour frown. “Ah! Is the little pink colored dinosaur crying a basket of egg-shaped tears?” She swiftly stands and leans over, mouth spitting her sour salvia on the soil, not Pemona, standing upright, saying with a grin, “Great news! This is almost over, Pemona. You can go back home without breaking your elegant manicured finger nails along with the one single prized tube of bite-nats.” She looks up and scans the forest sounding with an array of lady sneers, parking both green and yellow spiked gloves on her hips, yelling out loud. “Where’s that lazy jack-hole…?”
“Yo!” Baycliff shouts and struts alone coming from the eastern direction toting an orange-tinted vegetable gourd with fresh spring water, wearing a naked chest down to his fitted waistline underneath his unzipped black tinted vest. He smiles innocently at nothing then stops staring down at a dead Atoka, then a crying Pemona, then a grinning Lion, and finally a laughing Brazoria. He shuffles to Pemona first offering her the open gourd, saying with a calm demeanor, “Water.” Pemona accepts the gourd sipping with her lips, washing off some her pink-tinted bite-nats paint from her face in silence.
Brazoria says with a grin. “I’m reporting back to you, Rider Leader. I have four confirmed and dead Bandits.” She watches Baycliff. Pemona returns the gourd to Baycliff then leans down rubbing her injured ankle from that nasty tree fall exhaling with a soft puff of both worry and annoyance after hearing Brazoria’s news flash.

Excuse the pun!

Baycliff moves ahead towards Lion and continues to wear a smile and then stops offering the water in silence. Lion accepts and drinks the water from the gourd also. Baycliff shuffles ahead and then stops spinning around, sitting down on top of the fallen log and stares at Brazoria in silence.
Brazoria slaps her chest sounding with her vile laughter shouting her victory kills. “I got Bandit Jellico speared through the heart. Bandit Atoka speared through the heart too. Lion splattered a brick wall down on top of both Bandits Bat and Taffy Pudding girl.” Baycliff sits and listens in silence.
She laughs again then states. “We left Rider Etta literally riding on top of that other South Beach cowboy. What’s his name? McCamy, that’s his name, right? Yes, McCamy! Rider Etta had her bite-nats razors cutting into his throat tissues, like a lady vampire. Rider Gator will come along and probably finish the dirty deed on that Bandit McCamy by now. That’s your South Beach friend, isn’t that right, Rider Leader?” Baycliff continues to sit calmly on top of the log and presents a stern face to Brazoria. Lion hands the water gourd to his girlfriend in silence.
Brazoria/T-rex accepts and drinks the water removing the vessel. Her naked lips present a wide smile and as her mouth drool releases an array of numerous fresh water droplets. She says, “Good stuff! So, that leaves the Bandit team down with one person. That smart-hole named Wolf-boy. I hate him. He is mine to do and kill alone. No one else touches him. Do you understand me?” She moves ahead and then stops standing directly in front of a sitting Baycliff, handing the gourd back to him. She orders. “I suggest we split up and cover the woodlands and finally finish this dance competition within the next thirty minutes. Don’t you agree with me, Rider Leader?” Baycliff accepts the gourd of fresh water and then nods in silence. She pivots around to face the forest shuffling ahead in a northern direction, shouting to the groves of shade trees. “Injured and useless pink baby Dino stays right here. Pemona, wait right here for our two victorious team members Etta and Gator to come back to our Riders’ Hideout. Lion and I will scout west, since we just came from the north, where Gator and Etta were killing that South Beach Bandit. So, Rider Leader, you can scout the southern woodlands. Is that okay with you? Good! I’m glad that’s okay with you, too,” she laughs along with Lion. She and Lion stroll ahead together, climbing over each fallen tree log, disappearing into the thick forest.
Baycliff stands upright from the log exhaling with a deep sigh, shuffles ahead, then stops standing at the nose profile on Pemona. He decides to find Wolf first on the Bandit while feeling worried concern for Taffy. He looks down at the pink-tinted hair roots of Pemona then asks. “Are you okay, Pemona?”
Pemona says with a sour frown rubbing her injured ankle. “She took my weapon.”
“Here! Give them the fresh water as a peace offering.” Baycliff expresses and hands the gourd to the teen pivoting around to face the southern woodlands, strutting ahead towards the honeysuckle field while searching for the remaining Bandits.


09:02 a.m.
Battlefield (west) location
Creek setting


Taffy slowly helps Rusk to stand upright from the ground. He feels better after applying the batch of cool wet leaves around both his wounded neck and shoulders.
They slowly move ahead while scouting the area for more Riders, seeing a small creek of water.
He stops and stands over the natural running wide stream of fresh water, squatting down, leaning forward. He holds his breath then dunks his bone skull down to his two collar bone into the cool creek water, feeling instant the relief from the sweat, the bugs and the pain. He swiftly emerges from the water then mouth spits all the excess water drops while allowing the cool water to pour down his face, draining off his shoulders, his chest and washes away the majority of his colorful bite-nats paint, exposing his naked chest, collar bones, and two arms.
Taffy appears and stands behind Rusk placing a new set of clean bandages of fresh wet green leaves and pretty flowering vines around his pink-tinted and red-colored tiny raw skin cuts.
Thank goodness! Etta was a small female with a pair of short arms fighting on a taller Rusk.
She exhales with worry then asks. “Does this batch of new cold wet leaves better, Rusk? How do you feel? The open cuts aren’t too deep but numerous on your skin tissue. She got you mostly around the sides of your neck and throat. The nighttime gang of sleepy vampires will be jealous from your blood loss.” He softly chuckles still feeling the sting of Etta’s tiny bite-nats spikes then sits at the creek waters on top of the wet grass, drinking a handful of water from his two palms.
She slides down beside him and reaches down grabbing a handful of water, spilling onto her sweaty face also. She states with a smile, “This is kinda like the time you broke-in that two-year-old filly for saddle riding. She bucked her two hind legs in the air lifting up like an ancient army helicopter on her four hooves off the ground landing back down on the soil and then slammed your leg into the barn wall, twice. You hung on through hell and high water, thou!” She laughs with amusement.
Rusk spreads the cool water over his face and neck again while grunting with a grin of the past teenly memory.
She spreads the cool water over her neck too exhaling with relief then starts to finish the old story. “That filly was mad and mean and wanted to stay single and rider-less foreverly. You looked like a rag doll bouncing and tossing to the left, then to the right, and going sideways. I bet your brain cells rotated 180 degrees.” He continues to drown in the cool water grunting with a silly grin.
“Both snot-holes McCamy and Baycliff were laughing, mouth spitting, and cheering on the wild filly,” she giggles then says with a smirk. “So’s, I pushed Tulu off the fence railing, on purpose, of course, so her beau McCamy would drop off the fence post, for her lady rescue.” He grunts with a grin again.
She smiles. “Yes, it worked! I wouldn’t dare pop one of those two boys with a fist or a tree branch or a soft cowboy hat, even during playtime. McCamy bites back and Baycliff stings sharp,” Taffy chuckles along with Rusk. The farm life at South Beach is hard work and makes a farmer hard also. Or the farmer doesn’t survive.
She grins. “You did fine, without the loud vocal racket coming from those two rednecks. Then, that fine filly performed a finale by galloping full speed towards the row of barbed wire fence, like she was going to jump the fence; but she couldn’t within the tall barn corral fence. And then she came to a dead stop with her muzzle a few inches from that steel wire,” she laughs then states. “Then you tumbled beautifully over her black flowing mane and her soft horsey skull, bouncing off the barbed wire and then landed in the patch of thorn bushes. I was worried, you know. I came to your rescue, you remember. You were bleeding and beaten, kind of like now.” He looks up and presents a smile seeing her nose profile in silence.
She looks over and grins at Rusk reaching down and squeezes his bicep with her love saying with a soft timber. “We’re doing good, so far,” Taffy turns to see the thick forest. “We should head south and find Wolf-man and Atoka. Tell them…”
“I love you, Taffy.”
Her face flips back to see his grin and as she smiles in silence.
He says. “I thought you should know that. I mean. I wanted you to know that. I would like for you to know how I feel. I don’t know what’s going to happen here. When we get back home to South Beach, you and I need to talk about stuff, together. Is that okay?” She nods with a smile in silence.
He leans over and kisses her face pulling back with a smile, saying with a firm tone. “Shall I talk to your daddy first or your mama first? Who wears the pants in your family, Taffy?” She blushes with embarrassment.
“Cowboy!” Brazoria appears and stands on the opposite side of the creek water jabbing her yellow tinted bite-nats finger at Rusk, “I can’t believe it! He’s still an alive and breathing cowboy. Come over here and look at this pretty scenery, Lion!”

At 09:11 a.m., Taffy swiftly stands upright from the wet grass, after hearing from the loud vocal words, turning with a gasp, staring at Rider Brazoria. Rusk slowly stands upright from the grass, also, turning with a sneer to see Lion, who stands on the opposite of side of the creek water beside his girlfriend Rider Brazoria.
Rusk surges ahead with a series of fighting snarl towards the creek water while planning an intersection of Lion’s face and his fist.
Taffy back steps from Rusk and spins around racing into the woods, separating Brazoria from Lion, so Rusk can finally kill Lion. Then Rusk can follow behind on Brazoria coming to the aid of Taffy as both Bandits the kill on the last Rider. On the opposite side of the creek water, Brazoria stands in place then gasps in shock then sneers at Taffy. Taffy runs away from the fight dashing beside the creek steam waters towards a small pond. Brazoria turns to the side and races down the same creek stream while watching Taffy.
Taffy races sideways away from the pond dashing ahead, disappearing into the thick forest for safety.
Brazoria stops, stares at the back spine on Taffy and then views down at the fresh water pond.
The pond is fed by the exposed creek stream and traps Brazoria on the other side of the flat clearing. She has not choice, if she wants to finally execute a kill shoot on Taffy. She rushes ahead and slowly sloshes through the cold water. The water level becomes too deep. Brazoria must start to swim ahead using her hands, arms, feet, and legs as the water completely washes off all the yellow and green bite-nats paint from her wet throat muscles down to her unpainted toenails. And she loses the use of all the stored dead snake-javelins, as well, but she still wears her T-rex bite-nats face mask and T-rex thorny bite-nats tall crown emerging from the shallow body of water, sounding with an array of lady sneers at absent Taffy.
At the location of creek stream, Rusk splashes ahead into the fresh water lingering at his kneecaps, washing off the rest of his upper lower bite-nats paint while intending dangerous bodily harm to Lion.
Lion rushes ahead through the wet grass then leaps in the air landing down inside the creek waters, slowly marching ahead also. He sloshes side to side through the liquid water and pumps both of his fists in air sounding with an array of loud manly sneers. Then he disappears from the short air waves and drowns down inside the shallow creek water.
Rusk stops with a gasp and stands on the slimy creek bottom as the water waves bob around his kneecaps, studying the air, the water, and the sky. His eyeballs dart down and trace the water flow following the stream downhill, where creek water runs-off into a larger body of water, probably a pond or a lake. Then he understands the land geology.
A river or a stream completes the hydrologic cycle by returning rainwater falling from the sloped landscape or down a steep mountain peak, running down into the ocean waters. Gravity is a driving an invisible physical force causing all the water molecules to move downwards. Gravity forces the water flow down over the land surface and also moves the water through the ground as groundwater. As surface water flows downwards, the molecules perform the work of both the erosion of rock and the deposits of sand, clay, and slit while shuffling the physical matter away from each side on the river bank and then finally depositing the water molecules down into the salty ocean waters also.
On the surface, a body of calm water waves will appear smooth, but underneath the liquid water, on the wet soil, an individual drop-off or hole in the bottom can exist, where the bedrock has eroded carrying both trash and minerals down into the ocean seas.
Lion has met a natural drop-off point residing at the bottom soil within the natural creek stream and then dropped down underneath the water surface. The drop-off spot has been eroded by both water and time, forming a semi-round open hole for a human body.
Inside the water stream, Rusk slowly back steps sounding with an array of hardy laughter, without accidentally finding a new drop-off point, in the fresh water, and then stops standing on top of the wet grass while waiting on Lion to emerge.
An underwater drop-off point is not dangerous, only secret, where the fish gather to find food.
Individual colored fish creates a tiny fountain as each one leaps up the water and then quickly dives away from the predator. Lion swiftly breaks the water surface showing his wet hair strands, his naked throat muscles, his two naked collar bone, and his naked chest on top of the smooth waves of creek water while coughing out loud and then spits out the water molecules. He breathes in fresh oxygen rich molecule starting to slowly perform a dog paddle motion swimming forward towards Rusk.
Rusk continues to laugh and point at Lion for nasty fun.
Lion swims over the shallow creek water and slams into the muddy river bed, slowly crawling over the muddy surface and then stops. He slowly stands and sneers at Rusk appearing completely wet, clean, and gleaming without the colorful silly bite-nats paint. He possesses a head of blonde-colored hair, a naked, pale-tinted chest, a pair of muscular biceps, and a stack of six-pack abdomen striping off the wet vest while sneering with fury at Rusk. He rushes ahead for the upcoming rumble with the Bandit.
Rusk enjoys the new a fist-to-lips maneuver over the set of stupid rabbit-spears and greatly desires to display a pair of bloody nostrils and a pair of bloody earlobes on his worthy teen male opponent.
Lion splashes through each mud puddle towards Rusk holding both of his fists in front of his distorted face. He throws an upper cut missing Rusk and then tosses his right hook, missing Rusk again. Lion kicks his naked foot at the kneecap on Rusk, missing. Rusk ducks down avoiding an injured kneecap, when Lion slams his fist connecting at the extended and exposed cheekbone on Rusk.
Rusk slowly falls to sideways from the hard fist blow sounding with a loud grunt of pain and then jerks backwards into his standing pose, missing the next fist punch from Lion. Rusk slowly back steps from the Rider and then starts to dance around in a circle, extending both of his arms even with the grass, spinning around to face Lion.
Lion dashes ahead and tosses his fist towards the rib cage on Rusk connecting to the tender skin tissue. Rusk slowly back steps sounding with a loud grunt and then quickly shuffles away from Lion, folding down at his fitted waistline, grabbing his aching rib. He exhales with a series of heavy breathes feeling the sting, quickly recovering from both the irritating pain and the annoying Pain-in-ass Lion.
Lion stands upright and sound with his evil laughter, striking the air waves with both his fits, wearing a smile. He yells with his victory, “I got me a tendon. Now, let’s try for three!”
Rusk stands upright and lifts both of his fists protecting his face, exposing his chest cavity.
Lion powers his arm forward from his midsection and his upper body at an upright Rusk throwing his single fist into Rusk’s right-side rectus abdominis.
When you hit a rib bone, the skin waffles then tickles with a sting, temporarily. When you hit a steel gut muscle, the skin holds permanently.

That’s the secret to manly strength, ya’ll!

Rusk laughs out loud without the pain on his stacked eight-pack abdomen sheet explaining to the dense teen. “I’m taut and tight, fool!” He rears back and slams his folded fist into Lion’s eardrum, punching his other fist into Lion’s jaw line, noting that Lion only possesses a six-pack sheet on the abdomen.
The rectus abdominis is one long sheet of human muscle running horizontally across three tendons that holds the male muscle in place over his internal set of twisting intestines which displays the infamous abdomen eight-pack, not a six-pack.
Lion displays a six-pack on his muscular body. That means, he has a weak tendon of fatty tissue running across the bottom row of his rectus abdominis that causes the weak muscles to flex brilliantly with a purposeful painful fist punch.
Lion stands, like an Ancient World History Greek statue, within his manly pain and his sissy dizziness. Rusk rears back then punches his fist forward connecting beautifully at the bottom row of weak abdomen muscles on Lion then slowly back steps from the Rider, sounding with an array of hardy laughter.
Lion swiftly tumbles backwards, cringes in pain, and then stops prettily curling into a human baby ball, dropping down into the shallow creek waters. He sweetly mews like a baby kitten.
Rusk stops laughing then exhales with annoyance at the dumb teen.
Lion will not drown his body but nicely soaks within the shallow stream underneath the warm sunshine, during his long naptime.
Rusk spins around with a gasp and scans the landscape searching for both Brazoria and Taffy. Taffy was running in a southern direction, before Rusk’s fight with Lion, heading towards the honeysuckle field with Brazoria chasing her girly tail. He races ahead with worry.


09:31 a.m.
Battlefield (east) location
Riders’ Hideout setting
Cool temperatures with dull rays of sunshine

Rider team mate Pemona exhales with annoyance, stretching out her leg and ankle towards the pretty batch of yellow flowers, feeling better both physically and mentally. Brazoria is temporally gone from the Riders’ Hideout. Pemona’s foot isn’t permanently injured either.
Pemona is more frightened than hurt while wishing beyond the stars to return back home to South Beach Colony. Then she turns and stares down at a poor dead Atoka from the Bandits’ team.
No one other Bandit team mate knows the new information other than all the television audience members, that teen Atoka is dead.
Pemona looks up with a deep sigh and examines the skyline. The weather is pretty. The air is cool. And the television devices are hidden somewhere in the tree woodlands. She can’t stay here at the Riders’ Hideout. Brazoria will come back here and then kill Pemona as a lousy Rider team mate.
Pemona exhales with worry and then looks down viewing the quiet lush green forest, without the presence of either Etta or Gator. She feels the smooth gourd of cold water and also feels sadness for the deaths of each teen here within the vile and vicious Sniff, the Sweet Honeysuckles Dance.
She performs the think object: flash blade. Pemona instantly feels the cool steel on her anterior skin tissue, hugging her palm going upwards towards the middle of her arm. She had lied about the secret weapon to Baycliff while fearing nasty Brazoria.
She had used the last of the  tiny smooth, colorful teardrops from the broken pink-tinted, bite-nats tube and then etched out a baby knife on her naked underarm, which might save her life today.
She nods with a smile, deciding to find Rider Leader Baycliff. He is a South Beach resident, like her person, and he will protect her body from Brazoria’s violence acts and Lion’s anger fights.
She slowly stands upright from the fallen log exhaling with a deep sigh and then wobbles side to side in place testing her injured ankle, which feels good. She slowly strolls ahead in a southern direction into forestland and totes the empty gourd her cupped hand. The baby flash blade is nicely hidden inside her other cupped hand, in case, of a surprised attack.


09:47 a.m.
Battlefield (south) location
Thorny Forest setting


Taffy runs ahead without stopping while panting using all her energy glancing behind her collar bone, searching for a present Brazoria or an absent Rusk. She is a good distance away from Brazoria. She returns back to see the forest then slows her pace snipping up large amounts of oxygen, feeding a tired body and a pair of tight lungs. She surveys the forest recognizing the Thorny Forest again.
She stops then squats down sitting down on top of a broken but smooth piece of vanilla colored statue, reaching down, massaging her aching body parts from the intense activity. The forest jungle contains numerous man-made and natural objects, where a teen has to quickly jog, jump, and stumble away from trouble.
She looks down at her battered and beaten body covered eighty percent in black tinted bite-nats paint displaying pink-tinted wound cuts on her skin tissue and large rips on her clothes. She decides. Both items of body and paint are good enough, in case, of another new teen battle. Her bite-nats weapons pouch holds two rabbit-spears.
Taffy hears a faint sound behind her bone skull and then looks up with a gasp turning to see the thick forest. She desires Rusk’s company and prays for his safety. She doesn’t see T-rex/Brazoria.
However, Brazoria must swim across the pond waters and then hike the same footpath advancing towards her enemy, wearing her ugly, scary T-rex mask, since the pond water will have washed away almost all of her bite-nats paint.
Taffy returns back with a stern face and views Thorny Forest. The forest comprises an open meadow of flat manicured grass blades and then a gigantic field with millions of honeyberries. Her stomach growls for food.
She looks back at the thick green tinted forestland and returns back to see the Thorny Forest, searching for a tiny hidden corner of body protection somewhere inside the thick brush for camouflage. She doesn’t want to be exposed, inside an open clearing, without Rusk, and decides to quickly and quietly explore the new woody environment. She can find a new hiding spot then start to suck down the sweet juices from each honeyberry, for new girly body energy while watching for her hero Rusk. Taffy swiftly stands upright from the smooth status piece and slows trots towards the honeysuckle field, folding down at her fitted waistline, hiding her body behind a line of tall bushes.

At 09:49 a.m., a different entrance point within the forest location, slowly moving away from her unsafe Riders’ Hideout, strolling into a meadow pasture, Rider Pemona pads down an unfamiliar forest pathway, then stumbles, and finally recovers. She continues to walk, then stumbles, and finally stops staring at beauty, presenting a sweet smile. She cautiously strolls ahead towards the beauty, glancing back over her collar bone, without seeing another teen, and then returns back to see beauty, again, which can become a nice ambush spot also. She studies the lovely Rose Garden, mysterious planted inside the middle of a forest.
Pemona glances back over her collar bone again and views the thick green tinted forest. No sign of another teen. She returns back with a smile and studies the garden of lovely rose bushes strolling ahead and then stops, squatting down on top of short grass blades, dropping down the empty gourd. She leans over and grabs the first rose stem, gently stroking each soft silky petal. The gesture reminds her of home in South Beach, with her parents and her baby sister.
A home owner will plant a row of rose petals underneath each window pane, beside the front door entrance point, and around their house wall while defending against an assortment of pesky wandering critters, such like, possums and rabbits. The wild forest mammals like to invade and eat the vegetable garden and the fruit trees.
Pemona cuts the stem using her baby flash blade, smelling the sweet fruity scent, closing her eyelashes and enjoys the beautiful comforting pretty moment. She opens her two eyelashes then chops off each sharp prickle from the rose stem, twirling the smooth flower in the air, feeling delightful happiness. She places the trimmed single rose inside the empty gourd sounding with a girly giggle of glee, leaning over and carefully cuts off another flower while softly humming a song in happiness.
Emerging from the forest line, Rusk swiftly races ahead junking around each tall tree, short plant bush, fallen log, and then stops ducking back behind the thick tree trunk, narrowing his two eyelids at the stationary object. In the far distance, he recognizes the tall body frame on the brown-haired female. Pemona is chopping down the entire Rose Garden for some odd reason. He stands upright from the grass and sounds with a set of soft chuckle veering towards a row of large plant bushes that leads into a flat meadow clearing. Beyond the clearing, a honeysuckle field lies, where, hopefully, Taffy is there hiding in wait. He dashes ahead with worry.


09:52 a.m.
Battlefield (south) location
Honeysuckle Field setting


Rider Leader Baycliff slowly struts ahead and then stops sounding with a gasp, seeing a tall, blonde-haired, bronze-colored teen male in the short distance. He sidesteps and then ducks down behind a large plant bush. His eyeballs slowly peek over the row of plant leaves viewing the tall blonde bronze male.
Kodare is both a slick man and a brilliant superintendent recruiting a room full of dancers that possess the same physical features: six feet plus height, a set of board shoulders, a head of blonde short cropped hair, and a tone of bronze skin tone using the bite-nats paint. Each dance had looked the same, during the dance competition, except wearing a silly bite-nats creature mask.
During the race, Lion had reached out and then grabbed the brown bite-nats tube of paint from the wooden pallet, returning back to the secret Riders’ Hideout. He ordered each Rider teen male covered in the brown tinted body armor duplicating the skin tone on Baycliff and his Bandit friend Rusk.
Behind the wall of plant bushes, Baycliff continues to stare at the tall, blonde-haired, bronze-colored teen male. He can’t figure out, if he is a foe or friend. He gasps in alarm and reaches over, pulling out a squirrel-pick axe, narrowing his two eyelids, recognizing the stance.
Taffy folds down low at her fitted waistline slowly moving behind the large row of green bushes while stalking a tall, blonde-haired, bronze-skinned teen male. He carries a pink-tinted, squirrel-pick axe. She stands upright with a gasp and rushes at the back spine on the hidden teen male colliding into the male, smacking away his pink-tinted, squirrel-pike axe.
They dance around in a circle and then both fall down on top of the grass, rolling over the ground.
Taffy stops the roll then sits on top of his naked chest, de-masking her black bite-nats paint, wearing a smirk. Baycliff rests on top of the grass blades sounding with a gasp of shock.
She reaches down and covers his mouth, looking up, peeking over the row of tall bushes. The teen male dashes ahead without stopping to investigate the rustling sound behind the high row of plant bushes.
Taffy drops back down, and sneers then whispers in his face. “Are you planning to hurt on Rusk? Because, I plan to harm on you, snot-hole.” Baycliff studies her face in silence. She leans down and releases tons of her sweet breathes on his cheekbone, releasing her hand over his mouth.
“Taffy!” Baycliff whispers with both shock and surprise.
She softly chuckles. “I guess, from your silly goofy expression, that you thought me dead, not alive. You got some wild and vivid imagination there, boy. Or maybe, Brazilla does.” He bucks his body up and down on top of the grass. She slides off Baycliff and lands in the grass, saying with a stern face. “Rusk is…”
He stands upright on both of his kneecaps and leans down kissing her lips, hugging her body and then pulls back with a smile. He says with a tender heart and a tender voice, “I love you, Taffy.” He hugs her for a second time feeling both relieve and happiness, pulling back with a worried brown, stating with a worried whisper. “You can’t be here, honey bell. It’s too dangerous for the both of us. Run and find Rusk. He went that way. Then we all can escape from here. I’m so happy to see you alive and well, honey bell. This is ending soonest. I promise. I’ll find Brazoria and Lion while you go and find both Wolf and Rusk Then, we all meet right back here and end this together. Okay?” She nods in silence with a set of mixed emotions consisting of happiness, worry, fear, confusion, and passion for both Rusk and Baycliff.
They both swiftly stand upright from the grass blades without words in silence.
He leans over and kisses her lips pulling back with a grin then pushes away Taffy from his body. She spins around and dashes ahead racing down the edge of the honeysuckle field, searching for Rusk with her eyeballs, not her voice.

At 10:18 a.m., a tall shadow rushes towards the blind side on Baycliff as they both collide and then spin around in a circle, falling sideways, landing down on top of the soft grass.
Baycliff shakes off his assailant and then swiftly crawls forward flipping around, seeing Rusk then sits upright on both of his kneecaps, sounding with a gasp.
Rusk greets his childhood friend saying with a smirk. “Say it! Taffy was smart splitting us apart, ain’t that right, Baycliff? So, we, three can try to figure out what’s going on here.”
He gasps with alarm then says. “Yeah, she fooled me good, bro.”
Rusk softly chuckles then states with a grin. “It ain’t hard to fool a snot-hole, like you. But I do like your fur glove, thro. I’ll trade you my home-made rabbit-spear for this beautifully hand-crafted squirrel-pick axe,” he reaches over and grabs the pink-tinted squirrel-pike axe from the waist pouch on Baycliff as the weapon de-masks back into a dead brown squirrel’s body.
He chuckles. “It’s confirmed dead too.”
Rusk exhales with a nod while understanding the meaning. He expresses. “Yeah, too many are confirmed dead. I guess, the dead bodies include Etta, Gator, Jellico, Bat, not me, not you, and not Taffy,” He turns and scans the open clearing, saying with a worried brow. “She’s located here somewhere. So, be very carefully with your fists,” he returns back, and sneers first then says with a firm tone. “Or I’ll be very mad and anger. I ain’t eye-birded Atoka in a while.”
“Dead.”
“Dang.” Rusk shakes his skull then comments. “Me and my wounds barely just survived both an alive Lion and a real nasty Brazoria. And then there’s breathing Wolf. That boy’s both a stupid and lucky son of a gun.”
“Picked the right side from the first taunt, didn’t he?” Baycliff grins as he is the wrong leader for the wrong side.
Rusk grins with a nod. “Each one of their bite-nats javelin weapons reminds me of Hixson’s upchucking puke green vomit, after consuming too many beer mugs.”
“Brazilla, she paints green on her and her snakes. I’m killing that bitch last. So, what’s going on here, Rusk? Taffy likes to play a set of musical chairs around that table of chocolate cakes, because she can’t figure out which one, she wants to lick the icing off first.”
“I came to you for that answer, man. Now, share your answer!”
“Me!” He yells then gasps in shock.
Rusk says with a slow head nod. “Baycliff, you always get that sappy look on your ugly face, when you’re lying and holding a pair of duds at every single fun poker game. Now, spit it out in ten words or less. Because, my excellent audio hearing is hearing some major trouble coming in south by southwest.”
He looks up with a smile to see the sky and then returns back to see Rusk saying the individual words. “South. Beach. Land. Dead. Funerals. Folks. Bite-nats. Stolen. From. Caverns.”
Rusk says with a frown, “Stupid jack-hole! I didn’t mean to give me literally ten different American words.”
He grins. “I didn’t know if the word, bite-nats, counted as one or two words. Anyways, I found out that Apprenticeship Program is a dud, a fake, and a phony event, like me and Taffy thought all along, in addition to that bad news. Hico, he recruits each teen and then murders each teen with their parents and their guardians for the past four years, after faking them to re-locate for all employment perks here at Metro City Birmingham. Get this! The specific teens targeted have come from South Beach for…”
“…bite-nats…” Rusk states and shakes his bone skull. “Everything is about bite-nats. A few years ago, I overheard my daddy talking about permanently sealing that underground cavern, because of this very one-sided purpose. He can’t do that, of course. Each one of the caverns feeds a fissure. Each fissure feeds the oxygen. And oxygen feeds…”
“I understand science, too, Rusk. Another thing, Hico and all his dead teens are planning to travel from here and go straight into South Beach, like a funeral parade, which includes all the other Colonists coming from North Ridge Mountain, Grand Rock Valley, and Swamp Island. Swamp Island is that stinky sea island off the coastline of Tennessee. Hico is going to start World War Four with the South Beach Colony and their Colonists.”
Rusk starts to stand and sounds with a gasp saying with an angry face, “Naw! We gotta go and tell my daddy, right now.”
He reaches over and grabs both the biceps on Rusk, shoving his friend back down to the ground. Baycliff says with a stern face. “Not yet! My eyeballs see some new movement in the far distance. It looks like more trouble. You stay here and defend the bushes. I’ll go around and defend the rows of thorny plants. Then we attack from both sides and end this silly fight battle. We need to go and prepare for a real war with Dictator Hico.” Rusk nods his bone skull in silent acceptance.
Baycliff slides away from Rusk and spins around slowly standing upright on top of the grass first then folds down at his fitted waistline. He swiftly races head towards the Thorny Forest moving back towards the Dance Hall building. He plans to surround the pair of Lion and Brazoria from the rear while Rusk attacks the front.
Pemona smiles and slowly strolls away from the Rose Garden moving ahead into a clear meadow, holding the overcrowded gourd in a pretty dethorned bouquet of roses. She stares ahead at the massive honeysuckle field and then stops. A faint whistling sounds behind her rear skull. She feels a sharp pain against the rear bone skull near her earlobe then drops the gourd of flowers on top of the ground. She slowly slumps down in the honeysuckle leaves feeling dizziness within her head and a throbbing pain on her rear neck muscles, standing upright within a soft bed of honeysuckle leaves on top of her two kneecaps. Then her kneecaps slowly spin around and as she gasps in shock. Her entire body falls sideway landing on her side staring at the yellow and green tinted bite-nats T-rex face mask.
Brazoria/T-rex leans down and smashes all sweet juices from each honeyberry as the sweet odor drifts up from the ground, through the air waves, and into the inflamed nostrils on Brazoria. She fakes a smile and stares down into a stunned Pemona saying with a sweet timber. “O! I’m so sorry, Rider Pemona! I must’ve missed that dang Bandit!” She displays a pair of yellow tinted bite-nats fangs dangling down her puke green lips which seriously clashes with the T-rex green leathery scales on her female face. She sneers first then says with a grin. “Now, you stay right here and outta of harm’s way, dear!” Hot liquid slowly trickles down her sweaty neck going down her naked back spine, eating away each yellow tinted bite-nats spike.
Brazoria swiftly stands upright and as she darts her eyeballs away from Pemona staring at the field of honeysuckle leaves. She whirls around and gasps in alarm seeing Wolf. She closes her two eyelashes feeling an intense stinging pain that attacks each brain cell that swiftly travels down each one of her spinal cord nerve endings, going straight into her heart muscle. She hears the loud laughter coming from another pair of lips. Her opens her eyelashes and stares at Wolf and as her body stumbles down and then falls on her back spine inside a soft bed of honeysuckle leaves dead.
Bandit Wolf squats down and leans over sneering at the dead face on Brazoria, yelling at the dead body. “Bitch! You murdered my girlfriend. She was my pretty little Dove.” He mouth spits his salvia down on her face then slowly stands upright swinging around, jogging back towards the building. He tosses both of his arms in the air and shouted to everyone. “This battle event has finally ended.” He disappears into the woodlands.
Taffy stops behind a row of short bushes slowly peeking her eyeballs above the plant leaves, seeing the lonely Rider. She quickly stands upright from the dirt then swiftly races through the low-lying plant brushes heralding her rabbit-spear even with her collar bone sneering with fury and charges directly at Pemona.
Rusk sidesteps with a gasp from the thick tree trunk and then blocks a racing Taffy, racing out and jerks the rabbit-spear from her cupped hand as the weapon de-masks back into a dead tan-colored bunny rabbit’s mutated body. He pitches the dead rabbit down in the honeysuckle leaves staring at Taffy saying with a nasty tone. “Pemona’s hurt, Taffy. She can’t harm you. You need to go and develop some compassion here, girl. We got more important matters that need attending too right now which concerns each one of our family members back there in South Beach. Let her be!” Taffy slumps down into his naked chest sobbing with her worried tears. He hugs Taffy while pondering her current mental state. He also feels both relief and sadness, at the same time, also.


10:29 a.m.
Honeysuckle Field setting
Warmer temperatures with dull sunlight


Wolf reappears and tosses both of his arm in the air yelling at the current survivors of the Sniff, the Honeysuckle Dance, “Ya’ll, unwelcomed company is coming walking underneath those shade trees through the sunrays from the west!” He wears a worried brow, thumbing back over his collar bone and then stops standing in front of Rusk and Taffy. A semi-conscious Pemona continues to rest inside the bed of honeysuckle leaves and flowers.
Rusk releases Taffy. They pull apart and then stand in a semi-straight line along with Wolf.
Wolf, Rusk, and Taffy stare at two familiar, bite-nats, face masks, Ant and Wasp, who offer an equal and un-matched and un-fair fist fight carrying a real shotgun.
Baycliff has been re-captured and marches in-between dance judges Ant and Wasp in a single line, without a drum fanfare. The row moves towards the line of teens and then stops. Baycliff jabs his finger at Taffy and shouts with a sour tone. “You knew!”
Ant and Wasp both de-mask with the bite-nats paint revealing the non-smiling faces of Tulu and McCamy. Tulu dashes ahead with a stern face hugging and then whispers into Taffy’s face. Taffy nods in silence.
Baycliff continues to jab her finger and yells with a sour tone at Taffy. “Taffy, you knew, all this time, that your sister Tulu and my friend McCamy were being held as a set of hostages inside the Power Room setting by Dictator Hico. And Taffy didn’t tell anyone her secret, not to me or Rusk or any real cowboy. Isn’t that right, girl? Have we learned anything important here at the annual Apprenticeship Program! Yes, we have learned that family comes first. Our loved ones come first, Taffy, before any of this silly nonsense. If we had only known, then Rusk and I would have busted McCamy and Tulu out their sealed cells. Then all of us would have been freed and outta of here, high tailing back home to South Beach, right now.”
Rusk turns with a gasp and then frowns with fury staring at the nose profile on Taffy, asking with an un-apologetic tone. “Why didn’t you tell me, Taffy? You, Baycliff, and I have been out here among the sweet honeysuckle vines playing a sour game of deadly warfare with our life force. What for in tarnation, Taffy? Why are we gambling with their freedom? Wonder if?” He looks down with a sneer and kicks the grass blades feeling both angry and worry for his twin brother, Tulu and other his childhood friends.
Taffy looks at McCamy. He stares back at her in silence. She looks at Baycliff. He sneers at her. She looks at Rusk. He continues to stare down at the grass. She spins around with a puff of annoyance and moves ahead towards the edge of the honeysuckle field, strolling away from Rusk, then she stops viewing miles of honeysuckle vines. She crosses her arms over her dirty and bloody sleeveless vest exhaling with worry.
Tulu exhales with a puff worry, too, chases after her older sister then stops hugging her sister, whispering into the cheekbone on Taffy. “Baycliff’s wrong, Taffy. He doesn’t understand. Hico threatened you, didn’t he? We could see you behind the glass window too. We couldn’t hear the words from Hico, but you were upset too. You couldn’t do anything to help us, without getting yourself killed too. I didn’t want to be killed either. We saw the body of dead Apprentice Una and all her dead family members. Hico left the row of bodies hanging by their broken necks in there, in case, another dancer wanted to defect from the dance contest.”
Taffy continues to stare with a stern face at the miles and miles of honeysuckles vines in silence.
Tulu exhales with worry then explains. “Big bad boys like to do bad stuff to good folks. Baycliff, he belly aches all the time, since Amita left him, except when you came along and then kicked his fanny into some common sense. Since his common sense lives down there in his butthole. He likes to fight even with a room full of sissy girls. I don’t understand that teen. Can you understand Baycliff, Taffy?”
Taffy exhales with annoyance and then back steps from the edge of the honeysuckle field, spinning around, moving back into the clearing in silence. Tulu exhales with worry about her upset sister and her missing parents and then swings around dashing beside Taffy. They move ahead, stop, then sit down in front of grove of tall shade trees, beside a sitting Wolf, on top of the flat grass blades and away from Baycliff, Rusk, and McCamy.
In the middle of the clearing, McCamy shuffles ahead with a stern face and then reaches out, grabbing the arm of Baycliff.
Baycliff presents a puzzled brow and struts beside McCamy in silence. Both of them stop and then stand at the edge of the honeysuckle field staring at miles and miles of green tinted honeysuckle vines.
McCamy continues to stare at the new landscape saying with a stern face. “Hico has left out from here, without us, but he travels towards our home of South Beach with all of the dead teens and his merry band of lowlifes, that came from local Metro City Prison Complex. The city is empty, except for a pair of two un-conscious dance judges,” he lifts up and then rubs a row of bloody and raw skin on his knuckles from his fighting fist fest softly chuckling with delight. “These two set of jaw lines were a lot harder than I thought. Our buddy Hixson and Tulu’s parents are with Hico as a set of ransomed hostages. However, Hico is stupid thinking that we’ll sit around here playing a smooth game of table checkers, if we are separated. I can’t wait to beat the heck of Hico, if my daddy doesn’t beat us to him first,” he chuckles along with Baycliff.
The small farmers, that live within the South Beach Colony, do not like company, even friendly.
A swarm of colorful butterflies flies through the air, lands and then perches on the two bend elbows and two collar bones upon Baycliff as he continues to scan the honeysuckle field in silence.
McCamy reaches over and then slaps the naked bicep on Baycliff. The line of colorful butterflies gracefully flies off both arms and both collar bone on Baycliff. McCamy smiles with a nod at the honeysuckle vines saying with a cheery tone. “Back there at the Dance Hall building, I spotted a couple of rusty but operational transports that’ll take us back home. We need to live and prepare for a Rebel War against Hico and all his creepy insects.”
Baycliff continues to stare at the miles and miles of green tinted vines saying with a stern face, “Honeyberries.”
“Yup!” McCamy comments then narrows his two eyelids studying the field of honeysuckles. “There are thousands and thousands of honeysuckles vines. The vines grow wild in the heat or in the shade while overtaking steel trellis, concrete fence posts, wooden arbors, and any other type of vertical or horizontally hard or soft man-made framework. Nothing kills them dead. The flowers are pretty. The juice is sweet. A farmer does not plant the vines around their farmland. Do you remember when that honeyberry batch attacked and then grew over all my mama’s prized Carolina Roses, at our house? She had a shit fit and then me, Rusk, and my daddy had to kill then clean off all those tiny honeyberries, wet leaves, and long vines to appease that woman.” He chuckles thinking about his strong-willed mother as his fiancé Tulu is the opposite of his mother, a mellow, mild, and sweet-mannered country girl.
“And honeysuckle vines provide heavy ground cover routinely used for an erosion control to protect plant roots from freezing in the wintertime season and conserve moisture in summertime heated days. The air temperature get much colder here in Metro City Birmingham, where the city lies between two mountain ranges.” Baycliff states and points to a small hillside representing the ending point for the Appalachian Foothills.
The ancient and vast Appalachian Mountain Range start to descend down from the ancient U.S. State of West Virginia and ends inside the ancient U.S. State of Alabama. However, large portions of the outside mountains were blasted down by bombs from foreign air, sea, and sky warcraft during three Nuclear Wars creating low-lying dirt valleys and hard tall chunks of limestone rock boulders without mammals and men.
Baycliff shakes his cropped blonde hair and announces with a puzzled brow. “Naw! There’s something else here. What do you see out there, McCamy?”
McCamy continues to scan the miles of vines and then gasps in shock pointing at the vine, saying with a smile. “That particular breed, a Golden Flame Honeysuckle vine grows fifteen feet long with a row of flowers in hot pink color with a yellow throat. A Scarlet Honeysuckle vine grows twelve feet displaying red flowers. And there are millions of ground patches of healthy American Honeysuckle vines which are the longest of all the plant vines and grow up towards twenty-five feet in length.”
“I’m not interested in the types of honeysuckle vines. The entire honeysuckle field contains an ultimate purpose, within my mind and my mind’s eyeballs,” he reaches out and grabs the arm on McCamy spinning them around, jabbing his dirty fingernail at the disorganized batches of pretty rose bushes, saying with a stern face. “That lovely sight of flowers over there is something else also. I see a freakingly elegant manicured Rose Garden right here in the middle of a jungle forest. I’ve never seen a freaking elegant manicured Rose Garden right here in the middle of a jungle forest. And the freakingly elegant manicured Rose Garden happens to exhibit a wide variety of roses in various colors and sizes. I recognize Dog Roses, Carolina Roses, and Cabbage Roses. All of these natural flower arrangements are too coincidental, within my neurons, that all those baby seedlings somehow flew away at the same from somewhere and then all of them somehow landed right here in one dang spot, even if the major city and surrounding communities had been reduced down to ant hills with an array of dangerous and deadly nuked blasts, from our enemies.” He exhales with puzzlement and then turns to see the nose profile on McCamy saying with a stern face. “It looks to me like this freakingly elegant manicured Rose Garden has been planted here for a purpose along with these row of thorn bushes. Thorns and prickle plants are used exclusively to defend the home’s property lines from an assortment of pesky critters and also can be very useful for hiding something.”
McCamy parks both of his hands on his fit waistline while studying the thorn bushes, then the Rose Garden, and finally spins back around. He views the field of honeysuckles while pondering Baycliff’s words: hiding something.
Baycliff spins around also and continues to stand beside McCamy staring into the miles of honeysuckle vines, asking with a puzzled brow. “What lives underneath an entirely nuked city, a nest of rats or a cave of gold nuggets or a tomb of dead people?”
McCamy turns and then studies the crumbling walls on each damaged building saying with a stern face. “The city was not nuked. The city and citizens was laser-beamed marked with an atmospheric air strike almost all damaging structures, scaring off the family pets, and killing off a majority of the citizens. And then the enemy forces tried to invade the damaged city, but it didn’t work out that way either as the rebel fighters had planned for such a battle fight and the rebels won it all. And I bet my best pair of cowboy boots that you don’t know this tidbit of information, Baycliff. Hico was once a citizen and a military general in the ancient United States of America Army Corps living right here during the Nuclear War battle fight.”
Baycliff gasps in shock then turns to see the nose profile on McCamy. “Well, I don’t get your best pair of cowboy boots, bro!”
McCamy laughs then states with a stern face. “Who would guard a destroyed city or guard a hidden secret? I bet my best stallion the secret has been buried underneath the miles and miles of honeysuckles,” he points around the landscape at the damaged buildings and then the field of honeysuckles explaining. “Once upon a time, all of this landmass was a major city laying between the mountains and the river. Then that last Nuclear War came here to damage all the lands and then Mother Nature followed up destroying the entire river bed flooding the entire landscape right up to the foothills. Lots of people, pets, and plants died, of course. The small gang of survivors came here and crated a new city, not without blood, sweat and tears. That major city had been named as Huntsville. Huntsville had been the home town to outer space flying rockets and ancient war weapons and the creation of bite-nats paint.”
Baycliff turns with a gasp to see the nose profile on McCamy saying with a stern face. “My daddy was one of those smartass scientists, too, back then. He knows all about the bite-nats paint, including the beginning, middle, and ending. He resigned his work job, before the beginning of Nuke War Three and then moved all of us upwards to the sky living within the Birmingham Mountains that used to be surrounded by rows of thick, rich, green-tinted, lush, tree forests, before it all became the new rock-hard Birmingham Cliffs surrounded by the massively dangerous warm, man-eating, Gulf of Mexico salt waters, which is about…”
“…about the same time that my family showed up there at the newly created South Beach Colony, too. I’m guessing here,” he turns and winks at Baycliff saying with a smile. “Your real name ain’t Baycliff.” Baycliff snorts with a nod. McCamy nods with a grin. “Don’t worry, bro! Our family changed our names and our origins, too. I guess, we’re more alike than different, me and you. Hico must’ve known something as well about the ancient bite-nats history while residing there, within Huntsville, before the last war. He’s a city slicker. Well, I’m an old country boy. And I think that I see a cleverly disguised but hidden foot passageway which is an eye-gleaming bald spot in-between these two tall shading oak trees.” He drops both of his arms beside his legs and softly chuckles performing the think object: flash blades.
A pair of wicked-looking, clawed-tipped flash blades appears on each one of his naked anterior forearms measuring about three feet in length. He flips each arm down towards the ground as each flash blade drops away from his arm skin. His cupped hand easily grabs the handle and then lifts each flash blade up holding near his jaw line. McCamy leads Baycliff into the depths of the honeysuckle field in silence.
Beside the Rose Garden and in front of the honeysuckle field, near the edge of the clearing, above a grove of shade trees, Taffy reaches inside and grabs a cold beverage and a bag of food items from Tulu’s ratty backpack, leaning against the hard tree trunk and scratchy tree bark, feeling an overworked mind and a tired human body.
After the successful but bloody fist fight against the last two dance judges, within the Power Room, inside the Dance Hall building, teens Tulu and McCamy collected a new backpack of fresh food supplies from the kitchen shelves while searching for their friends, the other dance teens, and Dictator Hico.
In front of the grove of trees, Taffy sips the beverage and eats the food items satisfying both hunger and thirst and then turns to spy on her childhood friend and current boyfriend Rusk.
At the end of the gigantic honeysuckle field, Rusk sits down beside Pemona, who continues to sit upright inside a bed of soft honeysuckle vines. He dresses her bruised skull with a set of ripped up cloth bandages that also came from Tulu’s ratty backpack. He carefully holds a juice bottle at her lips while whispering a set of secret words into her non-bruised face, dropping down the bottle in his lip. He nods with a sweet smile and as she smiles back at him.
Rusk acts like a male figure of Florence Nightingale, which is his best personality trait providing tender loving care for all life forms, but Taffy at the moment.
On the line of trees beside Taffy, the tall, blonde-haired, Bandit team member Wolf gobbles down the food and works both his eyeballs and his finger pads on one of the mini-television devises, stolen from Tulu’s ratty backpack too. He presses numerous small buttons and then flips a row of tiny switches producing a show of movement, motion, and activity on the tiny monitor screen, in color, too.
The screen flashes a brief colorful still image from each unique landscape within each Colony, ruled by Dictator Hico, including smooth pink-tinted stone floor within the Grand Rock Valley, the single sea island within the Swamp Island, a tall mountain of forest trees within the North Ridge Mountain, and the flat, limestone gray-tinted, rock-coated tabletop cliff within South Beach. The images are presented to the Metro City Birmingham audience members and beyond within the Colonies of the U.S.A., and then to the survivors of the world.
Wolf hears the continuous dull narration coming from Hico’s voice, without seeing the smiling face on Hico. Then Wolf states and frowns down at the screen monitor. “The audience members within the world, they can’t see us here inside the Concrete Jungle environment.”
Taffy and Tulu continue to sit, together, underneath the shade tree softly whispering to each other, chewing on their food items and listen to Wolf’s information.
McCamy and Baycliff have disappeared among the vines of honeysuckles for some reason.
In front of the tree trunk, Wolf points down to the mini-television monitor saying with a smile. “This little device can’t transmit words into a pair of human or animal eardrums coming from here, within the thick jungle forest. And it’s not the tall shade trees fault either. There ain’t no type of mechanical radio towers, with all those tall and weird twisting metal antennas located here inside this Concrete Jungle environment as Hico had poorly described before. The mechanical radio towers holding all those sky-high antennas are located on the rooftop of the Metro City Dance Hall building. I barely remember this old-fashion television device that held a gigantic screen monitor that played lots of colorful cartoons, an array of ugly monsters, and numerous make-believe people, who acted out with all types of mystery, adventure, horror, and romance pretend human stories. It kept me entertained throughout the day and the night, until my mama yelled out loud for the eating meal. Then I was taken away as she grabbed and dragged me by my hair roots as I screamed for more from my T.V.”
He sniggers then says. “My kidnapping was only temporary. Then I returned back and finished watching my favorite television programs and even some of the television programs that I didn’t really like. But I was entertained every day and every night during the Nuke War activities.
“After Nuke War Three, all these devices were destroyed or de-activated by both sides of the foreign governments, for some strange reason. I recalled all the electronics. Electronics are things ran by electricity power stations that we didn’t have any more here within the Colonies of the U.S.A. The electronics were confiscated from each residential house and private businesses, including my own household. My mama had a shit fit. My daddy was held in place as each military soldier grabbed his arms, legs, and cupping his loud mouth while they toted out each steel and metal television device out from our house, storing them into a line of big large dump trucks.
“My T.V. was gone foreverly. I didn’t do so much after that as far as television watching went. I got to shoot lots of wounded stray dogs and cats and wild forest animals, for fun, and patched up the homestead, for safety, and rounded up all the healthy stray dogs and cats and horses and friendly cougars, for protection, and then fed them and housed them, while I tended all the healthy crop fields and vegetable gardens, for food. I fixed my mama a nice great big beautiful and sweet-smelling flower garden for her birthday along with a small birthday party surprise. We didn’t have much money; but we did have food and freedoms traveling between the treehouses for a few social gatherings,” he exhales with worry for his parents and his farm property, within the North Ridge Mountain Colony.
“I shot some stray visitors trespassing on our farm property and then buried them underneath the honeysuckle vines, like here, within Metro City Birmingham. All of these dead bodies are good manure for the growing plants and crops.” He turns and winks at Tulu. Tulu gasps in alarm.
Taffy laughs without choking on her lump of chewed food. Where she lives, if a stranger happens to wonder onto her daddy’s property, he or she is caught and then interrogated first. If his or her answers or requests are not good, then he or she is shot and killed getting buried underneath the plowed clay dirt soil too. But Tulu does not know of such deadly act or actions as Thelee does not tattle all his dirty deeds to his youngest daughter, only his oldest and wisest one. Taffy dares not tattle on her father, for any reason or body pains or soul sufferings either.
When Thelee and Tourann has ended their life, force set by the Prime Creator, Taffy will run the horse, cow, and crop farmland. Tulu will be married to McCamy. Then Taffy and McCamy will work together running a gigantic farm that feeds and cloths both the surviving and struggling northern and southern small communities, within the Colonies of the U.S.A.
Wolf says. “Today, killing a stranger isn’t against the law. It’s part of life. My daddy says that,” he looks down and examines the book-sized electronic device. “I like these electronic things and hope they place more entertainment programs on the monitor screen. The programs will be something to do back home, within the North Ridge Mountains. I wonder how Hico had gotten hold of these tiny working machines. A row of big gigantic steel towers containing numerous twisted antennas rest on top all the high mountain peaks back home. There might be microwave radio transmitters inside the towers too. My daddy used to work, a long time ago, with all types of electronics. He continues to tinker with collected electronic things, like this, all the time, at our home. Once I’m home, I can ask around with my daddy about other working machines.”
He points down at the television screen and states with a smile. “The audience members, who do possess or share these working machines with family and friends, saw the fun activity, inside that Dance Hall, here within Metro City Birmingham, both the first and second early evenings. They saw us dance and parade around the dance floor in our formal gowns and high heels. I bet my mama liked seeing the dance contest. She likes dancing and taught me to dance too. Now, on the third night, they saw the vicious teenly battle fight. My daddy loved it too while yelling and cheering for the fighters. He likes fighting and taught me to fight too. Now, today, the audience members cannot follow around and see us fighting and whacking each other bloody body part outdoors here within the Concrete Jungle. I guess, Hico’s two guards, Ant and Wasp, were assigned to wait for the teen survivors or winners to emerge from the Concrete Jungle, so each pair of Colony eyeballs could see the results of our...”
He clears his throat then explains. “Well, we can use these little mini-television devices for our advantage point while trapping and tagging a no good Hico, inside the South Beach Colony. No one knows who lives or who has…”
He clears his throat again then offers. “I bet my parents are worried about me. I bet my parents are mad too. Hico had planned all this deadly mess from the beginning to the ending while eliminating almost all the teen dancers, so there were no more eye or ear, or vocal witnesses left within his stupid Apprenticeship Program. I just don’t get it. What does he want from all the selected teens, from the deadly dance competition, from his Apprenticeship Program?”
Taffy exhales with worry then announces, “Bite-nats. Everyone wants the bite-nats paint. Now, everyone knows what bite-nats paint is and can do and will do for them. The bite-nats paint is not harmful or beneficial to us. We can’t eat the paint for food. Originally, the bite-nats paint had been used in the last Nuclear War events as a type of war gear weapon and war body gear protection that covered and protected each war battle soldier. And nobody knows this tidbit of gossip. But over time and space here on the planet, the glittery batch gets stronger and can last for a life time, kind of like, that field of honeysuckles. The entire vine of honeyberries does not die but sleep for a little while and then they bloom back open and produce a sweet scent of honey nectar.”
Tulu nods in silence to Wolf. He continues to listen trying to understand the new information.
Taffy continues. “I can see the entertainment benefit of a bite-nats paint that covers a mask to a mambo to a murder.” Tulu turns and gasps in alarm at her sister. Taffy says. “And I can see combining the entertainment benefit of a can of bite-nats paint with the new concept of an alive broadcast visual program using that tiny mini-television device thing to make something or a new production or a new product. The concept of money or dollars or coins or currency doesn’t exist here anymore, within the year 2081. Everyone must work on their land and grow food for meals. Everyone eats off their land crops and domestic barnyard stock. Everyone lives on their land, for protection. I live and work and play on my farm too. I get plenty of fun, sun, and honeys,” she turns and winks at Tulu. Tulu blushes in embarrassment with the reference to her and McCamy’s love relationship.
Wolf says with a puzzled brow to Taffy. “Well, I’m very suspicious of you now, Taffy. You know lots about a single canister of bite-nats paint. I didn’t know all information that you have kindly shared with me. So, why’s that, Taffy Pudding?” Taffy gasps in alarm and then looks down at the grass blades. He nods with a grin. “So, South Beach is the hot spot. You come from there. Hico is going to there. Based on my limited but valuable accumulated datum, a single canister or more canisters of bite-nats paint live there within South Beach also. We have survived as a nation of country people, after the last Nuke War. We have struggled as a nation of simple country people, after the last Nuke War. We do not possess any playtime or playmates or playing entertainment. I barely recalled the array of numerous television boxes that were colored in black, white, silver, pink, and red that stood around our household furniture pieces, in every room, even inside each lavatory bathroom. Each television box had contained another world, another galaxy, and another time and space which transported me and my brain cells for some fun harmless playtime entertainment. I barely remembered this. I used to watch with my dad a fast action sporting event called boxing. Two people beat the heck out of each other for fun and for money back then.”
“Gruesome!” Tulu comments then exhales with annoyance looking up at the blue sky while wishing to go back home to South Beach.
Wolf looks down at the grass and says with a smile. “The boxing event was great. The screen showed red blood, white teeth, bent bones, and a series of hanging skin flesh from each fighter. Pow! Crack! You could hear each bone snap away from the joint inside the face and across the body. My dad went crazy. His buddies came over to our house and then engaged in drinking, eating, cheering, yelling, and striking the air with both folded fists. Then when the guy finally died on the floor, my dad would commentate about the lame versus great hand-leg strategies for hours and then for days until the next boxing match. It was a physical and psychological rush of anticipation, excitement, and competition for each viewing spectator that provided only one winner and one loser. Pure entertainment! Humans are a breed of barbarians that descended down from the vile and vicious cave men and women, who had hunted down a herd of mouth drooling, Saber-toothed tigers for cloth, food, and fun,” he laughs with amusement then asks. “Don’t you see and understand all it now! Hico supplied the very same idea, within the Apprenticeship Program, through the dangerous and deadly dance competition theme show. We entertained all the watching, speaking and listening audience members, throughout the world, for the past three days and nights. I liked the blood and guts competition. I’m here and I’m alive and loving it, because I learned from my daddy to fight and to survive and to win. And I learned to dance from my sweet mama. I miss my mama!”
McCamy appears and stands at the edge of the honeysuckle field wearing a smile, toting an armful of shiny objects. He shuffles ahead towards the grove of shade trees, stops and then stands in front of Wolf, Tulu, and Taffy saying with a grin. “Look at these tiny little things! There are hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of these tiny little things located under the ground which is hidden by the fields of honeysuckle vines, leaves, and berries.”
Wolf, Taffy, and Tulu turn and smile at McCamy. Wolf ditches the mini-television device down on the grass blades. Each one swiftly stands upright from the grass blades, dashes ahead, then stops surrounding McCamy and his armful of new toys. Each one reaches out and grabs an individual television device inspecting the object. Each device displays a single monitor with a set of colorful buttons, sealed black wires, and shiny glittery old metal.
“Unbelievable! Each tiny television monitor screen is un-damaged, and it really works too,” Wolf flips the switch and then lifts the monitor near his smile. “Look over here! You can see the live parade of Hico, who marches over grassy meadows in South Beach. Man! These machines are just like my old entertainment boxes back home from years past. This brings back old happy memories for me. Where did they come from, sir? Who are you, sir? I don’t know. Who possesses the smart brain matter to repair, fix and program all these tiny machines?” Wolf looks up with a smile to see McCamy and as a single colorful butterfly lands on top of his collar bone.
“She fixed it!” McCamy comments with a smile spinning around, pointing at the new female.
The new female slowly limps ahead, stops, then stands at the edge of the honeysuckle field holding onto the bent arm on Baycliff. She displays a body frame of skinny bones and glowing pale skin without waving to Wolf, McCamy, Tulu, and Taffy. Baycliff cuddles around the new female and smiles with several head nod in happiness.
In front of the grove of trees, Taffy gasps in shock then whispers viewing at her misplaced best friend from the South Beach Colony, “Amita.” She continues to stand in the meadow clearing. The other teens dash ahead then stop surrounding Baycliff and Amita, offering smiles of glee.
Rusk quickly stands upright from the ground and then parts from Pemona racing ahead and then stops, surrounding both Baycliff and Amita. He leans over with a smile giving a tall, pale, skinny Amita a nice brotherly hug, pulling back with a nod and stares at her bald head and her pair of hazel eyeballs.
Amita continues to stare straight ahead and watches Taffy, her ancient best friend from South Beach, too.


Fourteen years ago, within the South Beach Colony, on Thelee Farms, in front of the large groves of trees, during the early afternoon playtime, among the hot sizzling temperatures with bright sunlight, Taffy played Tea Party near the fence post and away from the herd of cows with Boo, a toy gray horse; Curly, a toy red haired clown; Dolly, a toy brown haired baby doll; and Al, a white soft space suited astronaut.

Her playground setting was located a few feet from her house hiding underneath a grove of overstory trees for shade. Her wooden table held six tiny chairs and a wooden tray, where the glass colorful teapot and teacups stood. The wooden furniture had been built by her daddy for his daughter to enjoy dreaming about princesses and unicorns.

Taffy poured out the red beverage into each tiny cup and then placed a peanut butter cracker on top of each tiny plate. Then she tied a dirty cloth napkin around each furry or plastic throat while strangling the imaginary esophagus on her toy. She stood upright from the chair and raised her teacup in the air announcing with a smile. “Good luck to me and my kin!” The famous speech had been spoken by her father, who enjoyed amusing his two children at suppertime meal and encouraging peace, love, and harmony with the other Colonists.

She sat back down waving both of her arms in the air near her smile while chatting about the pretty white clouds and yellow big solar sun.

Then she heard a tiny mew sound and then stood upright from the chair, spinning around, surveying the open meadow.

Taffy remembered that the farm mother cat had birthed six tiny kittens which were eight-weeks-old. So, one of the kittens must had become adventuresome and wandered off from its mother and its litter mates walking and scared inside the thick woodlands. Thus, Taffy decided to execute a successful rescue.

She moved ahead and then stopped in front of the water stream. The long winding stream flowed across each pasture land, where the herd of cows would drink fresh water.

Her eyeballs searched for the tiny kitten and as her eardrums listened for the sound again. She continued to follow the creek stream stumbling over the small pebbles and dead tree limbs and then stopped, squatting down in the mud, not seeing a kitten, but a girl.

The young female continued to hang down from the sharp barbed wire fencing and tugged on her new dress which had become entangled within the steel barbs, exhaling in frustration.

She smiled. “Hi! Me, Taffy!”

The wet girl looked up with a tear-stained to see Taffy, without a smile, in silence.

“Me, Taffy. Me help!” Taffy moved ahead and splashed through the stream of water wearing an ankle-length purple and blue colored dress that had been sewn by her mother. She crossed the small shallow creek stream on numerous occasions with her daddy while feeding the hunger cows and mooing newborn calves.

She stopped surveying the girl and the fence wire, leaning down towards the cow fence, ripping the dress from the stubborn barbed wire. Then she smiled and extended her hand to the wet girl for the rescue and her friendship.

From that moment in time and space, both Amita and Taffy became a pair of best friends for life.

The pair of best friends attended and studied academic lessons, inside the single academic classroom, at the local school house, worked on their individual farm chores in the fields, and played around the rock cliffs while growing up from toddlers to teens along with the gang of rough and tough cowboys, including McCamy, Rusk, Hixson, and Baycliff.

Her childhood friends and farm neighbors were birthed within months of the same solar sun as Taffy celebrated each new birthday with her childhood friends.



Back to the present day, place, and time, within the honeysuckle field setting, at 11:43 a.m., Taffy continues to stand in front of the grove of trees and watches the loud commotion at the edge of the honeysuckle field.
At the edge of the honeysuckle field, her sister Tulu bounces up and down clapping with a smile, viewing at her friend Amita. She says with relief and happiness, “We’re so happy to see you, again, Amita. Now, you and we are all going back home to South Beach too.”
Her friend Amita deeply breathes in the fresh air and sweats from the harsh sunrays on her pale face, pulling down a dirty cap over her pair of aching eyeballs coming from the bright sunshine rays, cuddling closer into her beau Baycliff. She stares at Taffy, without a word or a smile.
Taffy feels mortally wounded in pain and emotional sad at the presentation and discovery of her best friend.
Her childhood friend Baycliff continues to hug his girl Amita while laughing and smiling with happiness saying to all. “I’m so happy and so relieved to see you, honey bell. Amita is back to us. Can you believe this event? Can you believe that she’s now right here with us?”
Amita continues to stare at Taffy without a word or a smile.


Thirty minutes ago, Baycliff arrived and then yelled at his girl Taffy in furious anger. “You knew! Taffy, you knew…”

As the Plan Mistress, Taffy plotted with for her four childhood friends to attend then invade the Apprenticeship Program. She did not plan for their discovery, kidnapping, death threats, confrontation, abandonment, and then the death battle against Director Hico, evil ruler of Metro City Birmingham property and his small army of bite-nats Insect-masked personal body guards.

Taffy also hid the important secret of a kidnapped pair of Tulu and McCamy, keeping the information away from Baycliff and Rusk while protecting both cowboys from Dictator Hico.


One year ago, the planned announcement of the next annual Apprenticeship Program presented a set of happy or dreadful emotional feelings, among the new set of sixteen-year-old candidates, who currently lived within the South Beach Colony.

Taffy dreaded the event along with her childhood friends Baycliff, McCamy, Hixson, and Rusk regarding the upcoming Presentation Ceremony from Director Hico.

His dictatorship would cause the removal of sixteen-year-old Taffy from her South Beach home with the granted permission from her biological mother.

However, Amita was happy and desired to participate, and wanted to leave her South Beach home, for a soft city slicker job, instead of the hard farm work, where her girly demands would leave Baycliff all alone and distressed all the time.

Baycliff and Taffy wanted to stay in their South Beach home, so Taffy planned to trick Director Hico into a rejection procedure that included each sixteen-year-old Apprentice.

And her plan worked, of course.

However, Amita did not want an acting role, within Taffy’s brilliant plan, and snubbed both her childhood friend Taffy and her beau Baycliff.

So, Director Hico came then went leaving the South Beach Colony, along with Amita and three other South Beach teen girls.

The calendar months passed without a letter or person or other visual or written or audio communication coming from either Amita and her biological grandmother or the other three South Beach Apprentices and their immediate families. Part of the Apprenticeship Program included the removal of the entire family unit, such like, mama, daddy, sisters, brothers, aunts, uncles, cousins, grandparents, who desired to live the city slicker’s life and lifestyle.

Taffy started playing the role of a police detective purposefully learning about the three previous Apprentices and their biological Apprenticeship families that came from the South Beach Colony and had also not called back home with their good news of new jobs and a luxurious lifestyle there at Metro City Birmingham. She suspected that Director Hico and South Beach Superintendent Vovina were responsible for the lack of communication.

Taffy whispered that new secret and disturbing information into the eardrum on Baycliff, since his father served as the local sheriff within South Beach while giving Baycliff access to the more secret data and secret files on each South Beach family unit.

Both Taffy and Baycliff played a pair of police detectives finding no foul play during the hunt. But they uncovered excessive transport shipment of raw food and livestock heading to Metro City Birmingham, which happened to possess the lowest number of people among the Colonies of the U.S.A.

So, Taffy and her sidekick Baycliff shared that important piece of data with their three trusted childhood friends, McCamy, Rusk, and Hixson.



Back into the present day, time and place, at the honeysuckle field, at 02:33 p.m., McCamy spins around along with Tulu and shouts out loud to his childhood friend, “Taffy!”
Taffy exhales in both annoyance and sorrow staring at Baycliff and Amita, who are back together as a romantic couple, foreverly. She views McCamy.
Wolf stands within the new huddle of South Beach teens while playing with the tiny mini-television device. McCamy waves at Taffy to come and join the tight huddle with Baycliff, Amita, Wolf, Tulu, and Rusk standing on the edge of the honeysuckle field.
Taffy stuffs away her useless unhappy sad teenly, girly emotions back down into her broken heart, looking down at the grass blades, slowly strolling ahead from the grove of trees and then stops. She stands between Tulu and Wolf, who continues to fiddle with a television device while listening to the new information from Hico. During her walk, Baycliff and Amita shuffle away from the tight huddle, stop, and sit down on top of a piece of broken smooth concrete slab underneath a shade tree. He leans over and whispers into her cheekbone his set of secret words.
Amita stares at the back spine on Taffy without a word and a smile, in silence.
Inside the tight huddle, McCamy points towards the old building and says with a nod. “Tulu and I found a couple of working travel transports. Each travel transport operates with a smelly mixture that called dino shit which ignites with flames, which is called gasoline. I remembered…”
Rusk back steps from the tight huddle and then spins around racing ahead in silence. Taffy turns with a stern face to see the back spine on Rusk.
A funny and smart Rusk rushes back to Pemona dropping his kneecaps down over the honeysuckle leaves, wrapping more of colorful ripped bandages around her uninjured forehead. Her wound, coming from a dead, not buried dance teen Rider Brazoria, was whacked at the rear skull on Pemona with a palm-sized hard rock.
Pemona smiles and then sucks on the water bottle holding it against her red tinted lips. He leans down and whispers with a set of secret words into her eardrum, sharing one of his funny jokes then softly chuckles with the silly ending, making her smile. She chuckles and cuddles into his chest, for additional female protection.
Inside the tight huddle, Taffy start to rip off each blue-tinted bite-nats painted-tree bark pieces and every sticky tree leaf from her sweaty body while hearing the wise words from McCamy.
Tulu back steps from McCamy and Taffy spinning around, racing ahead towards the grove of trees in silence.
McCamy waves a tiny electronic television device in the air saying with a smile. “This is one of hundreds of those old-fashion electronic television devices, which is now debugged by Wolf and shows the action…”


Thirty-two minutes ago, her boyfriend Rusk yelled in anger at his girl Taffy. “Why didn’t you tell me, Taffy?”

Taffy had not told any person about her deep, dark secret. She could not tattle to a person while under a death order from Dictator Hico. And her neurons had not forgotten the terrible images including the frightened and sad brown eyeballs on her mother’s face; her dad’s smirk; the crying tears on her sister; the gritted teeth on McCamy; and finally, an angry Hixson.

Taffy kept her secret safe for the safety of her friends and family members. And it worked, of course, but she still felt both ashamed and relieved while losing Rusk’s trust, friendship, and love.



Back into present day, time and place, within the honeysuckle field, at 11:55 a.m., inside the huddle, Wolf continues to fiddle with the tiny television device, watching the tiny screen and updates each teen. “Hico, he has landed his travel transports and army soldiers inside South Beach Colony and he is marching through the fields, on the paved roads, and in the meadows along with the other Colonists, from all the other Colonies and…”
Taffy finishes undresses her body with the tree bark armor then turns to see her sister Tulu, who stands near a grove of trees. Tulu dances in front of Baycliff and Amita waving both of her hands in the air and then spins around racing back into the huddle with Taffy, Wolf, and McCamy. Taffy nods with a fake smile to her sister.
On top of the fallen log, Baycliff cuddles Amita leaning over with smile into her cheekbone, watching her facial expression. Amita stares and watches only Taffy without speaking a word or presenting a smile.
Taffy returns back and stares at her baby sister Tulu and then Tulu’s obnoxious beau McCamy reliving the old memories.


Twelve years ago, McCamy’s parents Pocola and Ebro had been the best friends to Taffy’s parents.

At the age of five years old, twins McCamy and Rusk stayed and played with Tulu and Taffy while their parents worked all day on the farm as each child learned to fight and then growled at each other over both food items and fun toys.


Three years ago, Pocola had loved the outdoors and enjoyed riding with her husband on the farm tractor plow, inside the hay barn, and working the crop field, like a country princess.

The horrible tragic accident involved an ancient steam engine tractor exploding into a fireball of red, yellow, and blue colored fireworks, instantly killing Pocola.

Her fourteen-year-old son, first-born twin McCamy braved the sorrow with an angry smile and a terse attitude towards every person, but his girl Tulu.

His fourteen-year-old twin brother Rusk cried for days for his dead mother plowing down into a deep sadness and then shallow depression.

McCamy, Tulu, Rusk, and Taffy started the suppertime ritual, at the Thelee home, recalling and remembering all the good times with Pocola, Ebro, Thelee, and Tourann.

Rusk bounced back into his normal personality, flirting with Taffy, attending his school classes, and working his farm chores.

McCamy engulfed Tulu with his sadness, happiness, and love talking about their upcoming marriage, taking over his father’s farm and farm duties from the upcoming retirement of Ebro.

Taffy enjoyed the private evening chats after supper on the back porch floor, at her house, with a tender, sweet, and funny Rusk.



Back into the present day, time and place, at 12:02 p.m., Taffy turns to see the loud commotion beside her arm. Rusk and Pemona slowly limp ahead moving together towards the tight huddle of teens while joining the new conversation.
Baycliff and Amita appear, stop and stand on the other side of Taffy joining both the huddle and the conversation of teens also.
Wolf fingers the screen and sounds with a gasp shouting out loud, “Taffy, wow! Taffy, you’re a murderess and a fugitive, from by law authorities, which has been proclaimed and declared by Hico.”
Amita stares and says for the first time to anyone, directing her nasty angry words to Taffy. “No big surprise there!” Taffy turns in silence and stares with puzzlement at her ancient friend Amita.
Baycliff cuddles Amita and points to each one of his friends saying with a smile. “Honey bell, Taffy and me and Rusk, we had to do it!”
Rusk turns and sneers first then explains to Amita. “Baycliff’s right. We had to do it!” He exhales with a nod saying to everyone. “And, now, it’s over and done. Everyone is safe now. Now, we all go back home and forget this entire bloody mess. We get back to our parents and start to re-live our simple country life again.” Each teen nods in silence.
Wolf looks up and states with a smile to Rusk. “I like that concept too. I wanna get home, not before me and Hico tango around these red tulips that I plan to spread across his future dead, cold, blue tinted body for getting my pretty little Dove murdered, here at this stupid dance contest,” he turns with a sad face to see a dead Brazoria, who has been framed foreverly in a yellow and green bite-nats T-rex mask on her human face. The rest of her exposed body parts are colored in death’s blue hue lying in a stone cold death among the pretty green-tinted honeysuckle vines covering the ground. He returns back and nods to McCamy saying with a stern voice. “I plan to go to South Beach, with you or without you, getting Hico dead.”
Baycliff sneers first then announces with a nasty timber. “I get to play with Superintendent Kodare. I think, maybe, I’ll introduce him to my ancient farm tractor and then tie his pair of fancy dance shoes, with his warm feet, to the inside of my rear plow. McCamy, what say you buckle up both of his wrist bones to your new steam engine tractor and then let’s see if he dances a jig at twenty feet out of trouble?” Each male teen grins and laughs with an evil tone.
“I like that plan!” McCamy comments and reaches over performing a fist-bump with his best friend Baycliff lifting his fist in the air then explodes into five fingers laughing with the other teens. He drops his arm and places around his girl Tulu commenting to Baycliff. “We think, like brothers,” he turns and winks to Taffy. “And Taffy can have that evil little sugar plum Vovina to do as she pleases, once we land back in South Beach.”
Taffy snorts with amusement while daydreaming of beating a set of green snot and brown poop out from the butthole on Superintendent Vovina, who had enjoyed tormenting each teen female before, during, and after the deadly dance competition.
Inside the tight huddle of teens, Rusk leans into the nose profile on Pemona. She whispers into his eardrum. He jerks back with a nod and a smile to her face.
Pemona turns and states with a smile to see each teen. “I suggest here, we journey to my house located in the northern part of South Beach, which is farthest away from Hico, while we work on our strategy to run Hico out of town, to boot,” she waves both of her palms near her smile and bats her eyelashes at Rusk. Rusk nods with a smile to McCamy.
Pemona drops both of her hands down on her jeans. “I can guarantee that my parents are both upset, mad, and determined to fight back for me, my sister, our ranch, and our Colony, to boot,” she turns and says with a smile to Wolf. “Thanks for saving my life, Wolf-man. Brazoria…”
“…deserved to die…” Wolf shouts then sneers swiftly back stepping from the tight huddle spinning around and marches ahead towards the Dance Hall building, where two transports are parked for traveling.
Each teen slowly back pedals from the huddle, spins around, and dashes ahead walking ahead towards the old building too. Each one feels both worry and anticipation desiring to go back home and see their parents too.
Taffy continues to stand alone and as both of her long arms hang down at her kneecaps. She watches each pair of love bird fly…naw…stroll away from the honeysuckle field. She feels lonely, sad, mad and glad studying the beautiful pink and yellow and red flowers, among the honeysuckle vines. She smells the sweetly nectar that had been used by the immortal mythical Greek gods and goddess while purging her “old” memories of nasty smells, sights, and sounds, within her mind and then mentally vowing to refocus energy on her “new” concepts. She slowly spins around then moves ahead leaving the Concrete Jungle behind seeing in the far distance a dirty transport van among the warm temperatures with parted clouds of bright sunlight.
The side vehicle door is open. McCamy lifts Tulu inside the main cab. The main cab consists of an old-fashion cargo delivery van, with a set of driver’s and passenger doors, near the big gasoline engine and a set of vertical double doors in the rear on a red-colored, but now rusty orange-tinted traveling road vehicle.
It’s logical for McCamy to drive the teens, inside the old van back towards South Beach. He and Tulu had not fought, within the bite-nats deadly battle of warrior teens, last night or this morning. He is rested for the trip and eager to arrive back home.
Taffy had noticed the pair of bloody knuckles on both of McCamy’s naked hands. The two stupid guards of Hico, Ant and Wasp, were going to sleep for a very long time, since McCamy wasn’t the killing type, only a mad and angry beau, if his girl Tulu was threatened with bodily harm.
Taffy continues to stroll ahead, stops, and stands in front of the open window, on the side passenger door, inside the cab of the van. Tulu cuddles into her beau McCamy.
Inside the driver’s seat, McCamy rubs both of his palms over the steering wheel, studying the unfamiliar driving console, growling with his annoyance and anger. He orders with a nasty tone, “Go away, evil step-sister!” Tulu reaches over and slaps his bicep wearing a smile to her sister. Taffy snorts with amusement and understands his cold warning.
McCamy had been angry at Taffy about the secret plot using his girl Tulu to invade the Apprenticeship Program, before experiencing the icy touch of Director Hico. Now, he feel worry for his family members and his farm neighbors, who reside in the South Beach Colony.
Taffy back steps from the open window and wears a smile spinning around, slowly moving down the side of the van then turns the metal corner, gasping in shock. The other teens stand around the two open doors.
Baycliff cuddles Amita then departs from her body reaching out, gently lifting her weak body up from the ground and then on top of the rear floor, on the ancient, dirty, white-tinted transport van. Amita disappears into the darkness of the van’s interior.
Wolf enters next then disappears into the rear cargo hatch on the van.
Baycliff jumps onto the lip of the floor spinning around, extending his hand and assists Pemona inside the van compartment and then helps Rusk inside also. Pemona and Rusk disappear into the interior of the van. Baycliff turns with a smile and extends his hand to Taffy.
Taffy moves ahead and then stops reaching out, touching the familiar warm fingers and sounds with a gasp of disappointment. Then her body slowly lifts up from the ground standing on the lip of the floor beside Baycliff.
He leans over and embraces her body, saying with a smile and a whisper. “Taffy…”
“Thanks!” She states with a fake smile then rapidly back steps from his warm smile and his body. “You need to go and attend to Amita. She needs you, now, Baycliff.” Taffy stares into his blue eyes with her fake smile, coming from her sharp mind and her numb heart. “I’m glad that she has come back to you, Baycliff.”
He chuckles with delight then says with happiness. “Thanks! I feel the same way. This has been the most exciting day of my life. Thanks, again, Taffy! I couldn’t have done this, without you. You’re the greatest…”
“…friend…” Taffy states with a nod and her fake smile standing in place.
Baycliff leans around Taffy then closes both the rear doors shut slowly back stepping away from Taffy, sliding down into the wall corner and sits down next to Amita. He leans over into her cheekbone whispering with a set of secret words into her eardrum. Amita stares at Taffy without a smile or a word.
The new couple, Rusk and Pemona cuddle inside the other dark corner inside the van while touching and whispering into each other’s face.
Taffy moves ahead with a stern face and then stops sliding down beside Wolf on the side wall, placing her skull down into her cupped hands. She exhales with deep breathes closing her two eyelashes, dreaming of a hot bath and hours of sleep inside a soft bed mattress. Then she softly sobs with a set of wet tears feeling disappointment, fear, worry, angry, sadness, loneliness, and unhappiness.
In the rear wall, Baycliff reaches out with a smile and slaps the wall signaling McCamy. The van violently jolts ahead traveling down a rough gravel road and as each voice softly chuckles from the private conversation.
Wolf accidentally elbows Taffy and continues to stare down at the monitor screen on the electronic device fiddling with the controls in silence. She tosses her skull upright then spies on Baycliff and Amita softly cursing her perfect vision.
Baycliff plays with each one of Amita’s dirty fingers while whispering into her dirty cheekbone, leaning over and kisses her dirty face. He pulls back from her chapped lips and then smiles into her cheekbone again.
Amita wears a filthy red-stained, long-sleeved shirt underneath a dirty beige-tinted vest and a pair of matching dirty beige pants that cover a set of ugly brown-tinted work boots. The outfit was ruined while working her new job down underneath the rows of honeysuckle vines inside a hidden silo space. She was working to repair each one of those ancient electronic devices. She appears very ghostly pale from the lack of sunshine on her body and as her body frame is skinny to point of malnutrition. Her pale face is still covered in that dirty baseball cap sitting low over her pair of sensitive eyeballs coming from the dull light inside the used van. And Amita continues to stare at Taffy without a smile or a word.
On the side wall, Taffy closes her two eyelashes then slowly flips her sore neck muscles around in a circle while cracking all of her tense neck joints and then opens her two eyelashes, staring down at her body. Her dirty hands, dirty arms, dirty vest, dirty pants, and a pair of dirty muddy cowgirl boots are covered in black, dark blue, and orange bits of bite-nats colored paint, grass stains, flower petals, and honeysuckle vines. She scratches her itchy nostrils then exhales with worry for her family members in South Beach, from Dictator Hico.


Forty-three minutes ago, within Metro City Birmingham, inside the honeysuckle field behind the row of large bushes, inside the Concrete Jungle, her first boyfriend Baycliff leans over and then gently kisses the lips on his girl Taffy, pulling back with a smile, saying the precious words. “I love you, Taffy.”

Taffy had never admitted or confessed or told those three precious words to Baycliff. But she feels numerous girly emotions, consisting of love, happiness and safety with Baycliff, smiling back at him.


Back into the present day, time and place, within Metro City Birmingham, driving on top of a rough roadway, among the warm temperatures with dull sunlight, at 12:12 p.m., inside a moving van, leaning against the cool metal side wall, Taffy feels depressed, mad, jealous, and envious.
The musical song Abracadabra was released on the album with the same name entitled, Abracadabra, in the month of May, in the year 1982, by the American musical band named Steve Miller Band. The song was composed by band singer Steve Miller. The musical band played Pop Rock, Electronic Rock, Funk Rock, and New Wave sounds.


I heat up, I can’t cool down
You got me spinning
‘Round and ‘round
‘Round and ‘round and ‘round it goes
Where it stops nobody knows
Every time you call my name
I heat up like a burning flame
Burning flame full of desire
Kiss me baby, let the fire get higher

Abra-abracadabra
I wanna reach out and grab ya
Abracadabra
Abracadabra

You make me hot, you make me sigh
You make me laugh; you make me cry
Keep me burning for your love
With the touch of a velvet glove

Abra-abracadabra
I wanna reach out and grab ya
Abracadabra
Abracadabra

I feel the magic in your caress
I feel magic, when I touch your dress
Silk and satin, leather and lace
Black panties with an angel’s face

I see magic in your eyes
I hear the magic in your sighs
Just when I think, I’m gonna get away
I hear those words that you always say

Abra-abracadabra
I wanna reach out and grab ya
Abracadabra
Abracadabra

My situation goes ‘round and ‘round
I heat up, I can’t cool down

My situation goes ‘round and ‘round
I heat up, I can’t cool down

My situation goes ‘round and ‘round
I heat up, I can’t cool down

My situation goes ‘round and ‘round


The musical song captures both of her eardrums and as her two eyeballs dart down viewing the active colorful monitor screen on the tiny electronic device resting between the dirty naked hands on Wolf. The tiny electronic television screen displays a scratchy video recording.


Baycliff/Tiger twirls Chick/Taffy around in fast circle as they both kill to stay alive attacking each teen dancers, inside the teenly battle, last night.

Her daydream quickly ends. Taffy returns and stares at the rattling rear van doors, closing both of her eyelashes, exhaling with a deep sigh of sorrow, sadness, disappointment and worry. She starts a new day dreaming sequence.


Seventeen hours ago, inside Metro City Birmingham, inside the Sniff, the Sweet Honeysuckles Dance event, after the teenly bite-nats death battle, her first boyfriend Baycliff sits inside an oversized chair next to Taffy.

He says with a smile the three precious words into her face. “I love you, Taffy.”




Eleven months ago, inside the South Beach Colony, the budding friendship of Baycliff and Taffy slowly blossoms from a tiny rosebud into an array of rose petals while sharing their teenly love over their common loss, sixteen-year-old Amita.

Taffy feels sad for losing her best friend and experiences depression for Baycliff, who has lost his girlfriend.

After the discovery of the excessive shipments of food stuffs and livestock traveling directly to Director Hico, within Metro City Birmingham, Taffy and her childhood friends McCamy, Rusk, Hixson, and Baycliff suspect something is very wrong.

So, they start their own private investigation by talking with both farm friends and farm neighbors that know each newly employed sixteen-year-old Apprentice, who has left the South Beach and lives in Metro City Birmingham.

Then, they uncover that each Apprentice and their biological family members had deeded their farm lands to either Director Hico or Superintendent Vovina, who do not live or work or play, within the boundary limits of the South Beach Colony.

Taffy and Baycliff also spy on each sold farm house and land property, during the day, skipping school sessions, without their parental permission.

They uncover drilling equipment that creates a series of strange beeping noises digging down into each meadow, every water stream, and every crop field while looking for something special.

Taffy and Baycliff will sneak underneath each window pane and then listen to the vocal words from each new owner, who is not a South Beach native. Each new farm owner talks about the topic of bite-nats paint.

Nor Baycliff or Taffy can tattle back to their parents as they are only sixteen-year-old teenagers possessing both a vivid imagination and crazy wild ideas, who spend their unlimited free time more in playtime rather than study time.

So, they decide to use their school time to plot, their play time to plan, and their field time to employ the greatest majestic scheme to find a missing South Beacher girl Amita and uncover all the false facts.

Taffy feels smart, hopeful, and helpful.




Nine months ago, within the South Beach Colony, Baycliff continues to act depressed and feels sad regarding his missing girlfriend Amita and as he and Taffy continue to find and collect a set of handwritten letters coming from an alive and breathing Amita. Amita had mailed the letters to different South Beach farms within the Colony.

Each handwritten letter details her wonderful life there within Metro City Birmingham.

Baycliff feels that his girlfriend Amita will never come back home to South Beach. So, he turns to his childhood friend Taffy for both comfort and consoling while they both work to find the truth about Amita and Apprenticeship Program, which is hosted by Director Hico.

Baycliff and Taffy uses both their sharp minds and tender hearts, together, figuring out each deceptive role, within her new majestic scheme, utilizing wicked humor, playfully banter, soft whispers, warm hands, and thoughtful gifts of stolen wild roses and stolen homemade cookies coming from his mother’s kitchen counter.

Taffy feels happiness and love.




Back into the present day, time, and place, on the open roadway, inside the interior van’s metal wall, at 12:17 p.m., Taffy ends her day dream and feels both depressed and worried about everything, including her sorry life and her new enemy Director Hico.
A weak but healthy Amita needs lots of rest and food and as Baycliff leans over and wraps both his arms around her skinny body with his loving protection, after missing her love for one year.
The eyeballs of Taffy dart again to see the paired love birds, Baycliff and Amita. Taffy feels raw jealousy at Amita. Because, a few minutes ago, Baycliff was both hugging and holding onto Taffy.
Amita continues to stare at Taffy without a smile or a word in silence.
The jaw line on Taffy tilts to the side seeing the second paired love birds, Rusk and Pemona, who sit on the opposite wall corner. She feels both annoyance and frustration with Rusk.
Pemona softly giggles and as Rusk smiles, touches, tickles, and tingles with his hand over her body.
Taffy snorts with disgust.


Two hours ago, within the forest setting, in front of the flowing creek water, Rusk wears a wreath of wet tree leaves around his wounded neck muscles decorated with flower vines, after battling Rider Etta.

He leans over with a smile into the eyeballs of Taffy saying the three precious words. “I love you, Taffy.”


Back into the present day, time and place, on the open roadway, inside the van, at 12:18 p.m., once upon a time, Taffy ends her previous daydream and then possesses two lovers. Now, she has zero.
Rusk learned the vile truth about his friend Taffy, her lies, and her secrets but not her sweet truth loving emotions.
Taffy never presented Rusk the stolen evidence that she and Baycliff had collected and gathered from each handwritten letter coming from a mysterious and misplaced Amita along with all the missing Apprenticeship girls and their entire blood-families, before the execution of the faked “death scene” at the Birmingham rocky cliffs.
She begins a new daydream pondering her deep mental thoughts.



Three months ago, within the South Beach Colony, Tulu is ordered to enter the Apprenticeship Program by her mother’s word and against the yelling voice on her sister Taffy.

Her beau McCamy is upset with the Apprenticeship decision coming from Tulu’s words also.

Her childhood friends McCamy, Rusk, and Hixson, all agreed to help sabotage the once-in-life-time chance at the Apprenticeship Program, within Metro City Birmingham, for their childhood younger friend Tulu.

Taffy tries to talk her mother out of that terrible decision; but she is not successful.

McCamy tries to sweet talk Tulu out of that terrible decision, also and he is not successful either.

So, with a heavy heart and a wicked mind, Taffy plots the majestic “death scene” at the fiery fissure site, on Ebro’s farm property, near the Birmingham Cliffs, the day before the Apprenticeship Program.

The deep underground fissure holds a hot and heated continuous fireball down inside the depths of its belly and is a freakingly natural phenomenon coming only from Mother Nature. After all the swarms of nuke dust particles and burning ashes were carried and then cleared away from the atmosphere and also the ground soil, from Nuclear War Three, in the year 2076, all the underground fiery fissions first formed and then foreverly stood, alone and scary, teasing each human and taunting every animal into a death day.

The South Beach location is famous for the numerous fiery features scattered throughout horizontal landscape on top of every flat, gray-tinted limestone cliff, except a pair of eyeballs cannot visually see the cool feature, without losing their eyesight and their earthly soul. Because, the entrance point is a vertical straight downward hard rock bottom, inside the fiery pit of hell, consisting of spewing plumes of boiling water, coming directly from the extremely warm Gulf of Mexico salt ocean waters.

Growing up, among the tall corn stalks, the short cows, and dangerous cliffs, Taffy learns and loves to rappel down 1,000 feet from the tabletop cliff and then enters each hole naturally curved out by Mother Nature located on the side of each cliff face. If she misses the hole, then her body plummets down into the warmly heated Gulf of Mexico waters filled with an assortment of deformed and deadly dolphins or the dinosaur-sized alligators and poisonous man-sized fish, who enjoy consuming warm human flesh, bones, and blood proteins, too.

Taffy and her four childhood friends, consisting McCamy, Rusk, Baycliff, and Hixson are the best cliff climbers, within the South Beach Colony, since each one of their farm lands rests on top of the mountain peak, made of both beauty and danger.


Six days ago, on top of the Birmingham Cliffs location, at Ebro Farms, beside a fiery fissure, Baycliff, McCamy, and Taffy practiced, rehearsed, and danced by moonlight around the pit, for the upcoming pretend “death scene.” Tulu will eyewitness that terrible event, since Tulu greatly desires to attend Apprenticeship Program with her mother’s blessings, and her dad’s prayers.

Taffy plans an opposite plot to save her sister Tulu from Hico and also locate the dead body of Amita underneath the wooden planks, within the Metro City Dance Hall building.



Five days ago, on Thelee Farms, inside the dining room setting, during the suppertime, meal McCamy provides a rusty canister of pink-tinted bite-nats paint, giving the paint container to his girl Tulu for both safety and love on her sixteenth birthday.

Then Taffy steals the same bite-nats paint canister from Tulu’s bedroom, in preparation for the upcoming pretend “death scene” at the fiery fissure site.



Four days ago, on top of the Birmingham Cliffs, at Ebro Farms, beside the pit, McCamy, Baycliff, Rusk, Hixson, and Taffy, they work numerous mornings, right before Sun Block, digging out three hidey holes, inside the heated fissure, where two of them will pretend to die by an accidental fall down into the fiery hole.

Hixson has strung up a set of fire-proof horizontal nets over the top of the red and blue colored fireball, where the two intended victims will actually fall down inside the hole, into their pretend two deaths.

On the day of the “death scene,” Hixson is hidden down inside one the newly created hidey holes, inside the fissure, holding a set of protection fire gear, including gloves and boots for the two pretend death victims.

After McCamy and Taffy roll down the open pit, they crawl down and then hid inside one of the three hidey holes dressing in the fire protection gear, waiting on Rusk and Tulu to leave the rocky surface.

Tulu is brave leaning over the fiery pit, without see a dead body, through her two blurry eyeballs, slowly crawling away from the danger while watching Rusk arrive.

Rusk arrives on horseback and then slides down on top of the grass blades. He gears up with the fire safety equipment and then rappels down into the fiery pit stopping to hang, waving at McCamy, Taffy, and Hixson. He presents a silly grin then slowly climbs back up the pit wall displaying a sad face of deceive to his friend Tulu.

Rusk and Tulu climb onto his horse and then leave the fissure site.

Then Hixson, McCamy, and Taffy climb out from their individual safe hidey hole, shimmying up the exterior limestone cliff face, standing on top of the surface.

They slowly limp back to Baycliff’s farm barn while hiding out during the day. After Sun Block, they depart the farm and travel to Metro City Birmingham living down inside a newly discovered basement cellar, inside Metro City Dance Hall, staying underneath Hico’s two nose holes.

Both Hixson and Rusk depart South Beach, before Tulu, the next day.



Three days ago, at Thelee Farms, inside the living room setting, during the lunchtime meal, Director Hico personally visits the farm property persuading Tulu to accept an empty seat within the Apprenticeship Program along with all the other sixteen-year-old school students.

Tulu’s mother dreams that one of her daughters will become an Apprentice for Director Hico. Then the entire family can live a nice life, within Metro City Birmingham.

McCamy and his childhood friends Rusk, Hixson, and Baycliff pose as a sexy teen dancer within the Apprenticeship dance competition to protect and watch over their farm friend Tulu.

McCamy wants his twin brother Rusk to fight within the pretend “death scene” against the pretend villain Baycliff, because McCamy does not want to leave his girl Tulu for two seconds.

Taffy, the Plan Mistress overrules that stupid idea, since gentleman Rusk will never pick a fight with a snot-nose Baycliff.

Rusk possesses tender, reserve, funny, and shy human traits, within his sweet personality, while hiding his inner thoughts and feelings to the ones he really does love.



Back into the present day, time and place, on the open roadway, inside the van interior, at 12:34 p.m., on the side wall, Taffy ends another historical day dream from her short-life of seventeen years old.
Wolf slams his pointy elbow into Taffy and then laughs out loud pointing down at the monitor, saying. “Look at this colorful video footage of you and Rusky, Taffy! We all had met inside of one of these girly rooms at Metro City Dance Hall, after we had kicked everyone’s fanny. Do you remember that, Taffy?” Her pair of eyeballs darts down at the electronic screen, viewing a scratchy record, recognizing the room and the time period also. He frowns down at the recorded replay on the screen. “So, that’s how Hico knew about all of my cock-rocks. Do you remember that, Taffy? My elegant but purposefully mighty semi-dead cockroaches had been covered in the dull white-colored bite-nats paint. My group of creations were doused with that firefighter hose pipe of violently, painfully cold freaking fresh water, since Hico had spied on us inside the room.” Taffy nods in silence.


Fifteen hours ago, within the Metro City Birmingham, inside the Art Galley setting, in front of the hanging curtain, on top of the wooden stage, Rusk leans over and smiles into her cheekbone saying with a sweet timber. “When we get back home to my farm, Taffy, I’d like for us…”


Back into the present day, time and place, on the open roadway, inside the van, at 12:31 p.m., Taffy ends her newest day dream again. Then she turns and spies on the two paired love birds, Rusk and Pemona. Rusk acts like a clown with Pemona by smiling in her face and also by telling his set of silly jokes. Pemona softly giggles and as her sweet giggles echo throughout the closed interior inside the quiet van.


Four hours ago, inside the Metro City Birmingham’s forest location, beside the flowing creek water setting, during the second death dance competition, Rusk leans over and kisses her lips, pulling back with a smile. He asks, “Shall I talk to your daddy or your mama about…”


Back into the present day, time and place, on the open roadway, inside the moving van, at 12:43 p.m., Taffy ends another day dream and as her two acute eyeballs study Pemona.
Pemona looks very similar to Taffy displaying a tall body frame, a slender figure, a head of long brown-tinted hair strands, a pair of long legs, and a pair of brown-tinted eyeballs.
Her childhood friend Rusk is slightly mad with Taffy for not confessing her secrets about Hico and his brother McCamy while gentlemanly entertaining the new victim Pemona from the Apprenticeship Program.
Taffy does not know Pemona or her family member or her farm location. Pemona lives in the northern part of the South Beach Colony. So, her childhood friend Rusk is simply making Taffy jealous while he still loves Taffy and only playfully flirts with Pemona. Taffy feels relief, happiness, and love.
Wolf punches his elbow into Taffy, again, saying with a puzzled brow, staring down at the new recording on the tiny screen. “Did you see this here, Taffy? I heard Rusk boast that he got Lion, not dead, but sleeping out there at the woodland’s creek stream of flowing fresh drinking water. This recorded feed shows that Lion is still alive and breathing and walking into the Dance Hall building, right before we all left the honeysuckle field. Do you recall? McCamy told that there were two transports. that we could drive from Metro City Birmingham to South Beach. However, we only saw and found one transport. So, what’s up with that, Taffy? Where’s the second transport, a van? Why didn’t Rusk kill Lion at the creek stream during the death dance?”
She gasps in alarm and then turns with her worried brow to see Rusk, screaming in worry, “Lion!”
Each pair of eyeballs looks up and stares at Taffy.


South Beach Colony
  (45 miles, south, Metro City Birmingham)
School House Building
Hot temperatures, bright sunshine, and heated ocean windy breeze
12:52 p.m.


The new musical song continues to play in the background among the baritone drone from Hico.
The musical song I Smokin’ in the Boys’ Room was released on June 24, 1985, by the American musical Rock and Roll band named Motley Crue. The musical members included Vince Neil (vocals); Mick Mars (guitar); Nikki Sixx (bass); Tommy Lee (drums) and Mickey Raphael (harmonica). The songwriters were Cub Koda and Michael Lutz. The producer was Tom Werman. The musical band played Glam Metal sounds.


How you doing out here?
You ever seem to have one of those days
Where it just seems like everybody’s getting on your case?
From your teacher all the way down to your best girlfriend
Well, you know, I used to have them just about all the time
But I found a way to get out of them
Let me tell you about it

Sitting in the classroom, thinking it’s a drag
Listening to the teacher rap, just ain’t my bag
The noon bells rings, you know, that’s my cue
I’m gonna meet the boys on floor number two!

Smoking in the boys’ room
Smoking in the boys’ room
Now, teacher, don’t you fill me up with your rules
But everybody knows that smoking ain’t allowed in school
Checking out the halls, making sure the coast is clear
Looking in the stalls. “No! There ain’t nobody here!”
O my buddy Fang and me and Paul
To get caught would surely be the death of us all

Smoking in the boys’ room
Smoking in the boys’ room
Now, teacher, don’t you fill me up with your rules
But everybody knows that smoking ain’t allowed in school

All right!

O! Put me to work, in the school book store
Checkout counter and I got bored
Teacher was looking for me all around
Two hours later, you know, where I was found

Smoking in the boys’ room (Yes, indeed, I was)
Smoking in the boys’ room
Now, teacher, don’t you fill me up with your rules
But everybody knows that smoking ain’t allowed in school

One morn!
Smoking in the boys’ room
O! Smoking in the boys’ room
Smoking in the boys’ room
Smoking in the boys’ room
Now, teacher, I am fully aware of the rules
And everybody knows that smoking ain’t allowed in school


Superintendent Kodare, from Metro City Birmingham, slams the beaten, bloody body against the side wall first then helps the body down upon the wooden floor second while producing a set of loud thuds. He leans down releasing tons of his sour bad breathes on Hixson. Hixson stands on his kneecaps on top of the floor first and then slides each leg stretching outward resting on his fanny while snarling in the pretty face on Kodare.
Kodare laughs out loud then says. “You had your chance, Bandit! Maybe, later today, you and I can rumble. So, keep me in your thoughts, pal!” He tenderly slaps the bruised cheekbone on Hixson then stands upright with a deep sigh, pivoting around to see Hico.
Composed of both new and old guards, each one wears a silly bite-nats painted face mask consisting of either a gray tinted fly or a black tinted tick.
Fly and Tick, both swiftly shuffle around numerous pieces of the dull, worn, and used furniture items, inside the single room, placing a beaten up wooden teacher’s desk a few feet from a forward wall of natural wood. Tick adds a single chair and two student desks at the end of the wooden desk. On the opposite wall, clean glass windows display the outside weather pattern and landscape view. Numerous semi-straight lines of student desks surround each side wall.
Another one of Hico’s nasty guards wears a bite-nats face mask in the design of a red-tinted Flea and escorts a set of grumbling and mumbling adults inside the rearranged classroom, pointing with a cold barrel on a shotgun to each student desk against the side wall. Each adult slides down into the student deck in quiet annoyance.
Hico stands upright behind the teacher’s desk staring through the glass windows seeing thousands of Colonists, who do not call the South Beach Colony landscape home but hail from either the Swamp Island or the Grand Rock Valley or the North Ridge Mountain. Each visiting Colonist rudely stomps over the manicured green-tinted grass blades, the flat red dirt particles, scattered bushes of fruit berries, and the pods of colorful wildflowers displaying their eagerness, with the upcoming new dance competition.
Back inside the School House classroom, Hico moves away from the forward wall then slowly circles around to see each captured adult, consisting of an aged, raged, and worn out farmer, where some of the familiar faces comprise the South Beach Leaders. Over the past four years, Hico has negotiated both food trades and livestock barters with the South Beach Leaders, in exchange for both peace and isolation, until today.
Fly and Tick have completed their assignment then stop standing against the wall in-between the edges of the teacher’s desk, cradling their shotgun, like a baby. Each eyeball shifts sideways watching over the targeted parent from an alive and breathing South Beach Bandits’ team member.
Hico completes the circle and then returns back to the desk standing in front of the classroom setting, pulling out worn rolling chair and sits down. He smiles at his captured audience.
A tall, bronzed-beaten, South Beach farmer continues to stand beside his assigned student desk sneering at Hico, staring down at Hixson at the wall corner. He orders to Hico, “Release Hixson to me, Hico!”
Hico smirks to each parent, who has birthed a nasty teen Bandit team member. He states with a calm demeanor, “I am called Director Hico. So, please, address me as Director…”
“Release that boy to me, now, Hico!” The same farmer states and steps ahead from the side wall and sounds with a snarl. Tick swings then points the cold barrel on his shotgun at the rebellious farmer. The same farmer halts and then sneers at Hico saying with an anger voice, “Now, Hico!”
Hico continues to fake a smile at the tough-minded farmer and states with a calm voice. “I am called Director Hico. So, please, address me as Director Hico. I will not repeat my request, thrice. Stand down, Tick! Let us allow our new hosts and lovely hostesses some breathing room, inside this stuffy small classroom.”
Tick slowly shifts the shotgun back into his two folded arms and starts to rock back and forth with nervousness while staring at each South Beach farmer inside an individual student desk against the side wall.
Hico smiles and says at Ebro, “Hmm! You must be the biological father of those two annoying twin males, who are named Rusk and McCamy. Are you a horse spitting or a cow shitting image of your two sons?” He chuckles. “I never can properly recall my old southern axiom, Farmer Ebro.” Ebro continues to stand beside the student desk threating physical body damage, with a set of loud snarls, to Hico.
The solid wall erupts with an array of bright light in silver and white rows plus a sound of soft static activating the hidden electronic screen into power.
Hico smiles then says to each adult. “Ladies and gentlemen, it’s time for our short program to begin. Then, we’ll continue with our introductions, properly,” he thumbs back over his collar bone at the illuminated gigantic electronic television screen. “Do you remember this thing behind my skull? Of course, you do. It’s an electronic television device. The old-fashioned electronic device contained a monitor and a keyboard used for both visual and vocal communication, based on an outer space satellite that orbited around our planet. I have discovered a treasure chest full of these big, small, and tiny electronic television devices, replacing the wiring, juicing up the circuits…”
“What’s the point of your fairy tale, here, Dictator Hico?” Ebro states.
He exhales with a deep sigh then states with a fake smile. “That is not a perfect but close enough to my original title for my person. My point, we shall find out, if your one or none of sons lives…” Each parent gasps in alarm. He slowly swings the squeaky chair around and faces the solid wall, pressing two buttons, twisting three knobs while eye burning the television screen as it powers its magic.
A scratchy transmission appears on the screen mounted on the forward wall and displays a head of blonde-colored hair strands and a pair of blue eyeballs on an upper body of pale white-tinted skin tissue. The young male is wearing a red-tinted vest driving an old van tapping all his finger pads on the steering wheel, without staring into the hidden video device, on the moving transport.
Back inside the South Beach Colony, inside the School House classroom setting, Hico leans back into the chair as it squeaks in metal pain. Some of the farmers softly chuckle. Hico smiles and greets the teen male. “Rider, you are clearly a surviving team member coming from the North Ridge Mountain Colony served by Superintendent Kodare. I am Director Hico. Please, introduce yourself to my captured audience, son!”
Inside the moving van, the teen male glances around the driver’s cockpit and wears a puzzled brow and then views the roadway, without locating the hidden camera lens. He sneers into the hidden microphone while driving over the rough roadway saying with an angry tone, “Lion! Who in the fudge…?” Then his pair of lips shifts up and down along with his ugly snarl, without his smooth baritone voice.
At the teacher’s desk, Hico has pressed the mute button, on his remote control device located between his palms, cutting off the anger words from the vile young teen. However, Hico is able to talk directly into the cockpit of the van to the young driver. He states with a fake smile to the silent television screen. “Lion, thank you for your personal and person identification! I have arrived successfully here at the South Beach Colony. Thank you for inquiring about my welfare also. I can tell by your travel trajectory, that you are about half-way to the Colony location of South Beach, which is located, within the extreme region of my new directorial territory. I, and all of my new friends, are located here at South Beach right now having a great old time. And I have numerous questions for you, to address, after your arrival here, Lion.
“So, let us start! Who has survived and who has not survived the Apprenticeship Program there at Metro City Birmingham? I’m afraid my portal electronic device receives poor reception this far away from Metro City Birmingham. Are my two associates named Ant and Wasp, with you, son? They should have rounded up the South Beach murderess Taffy also and should be accommodating you on this long trip to South Beach. And finally, congratulations for being the winning teen and the winning Colony, for the people, living in the North Ridge Mountains. How many people exist within your band, inside that van, son?” Hico presses the mute button again releasing the volume speaks inside the cockpit of the van, nodding with a fake smile to Lion.
Inside the moving van, Lion hears the slick words coming from the parted lips on Dictator Hico without expressing his displeasure to the captured audience of South Beachers. He presents a wicked grin then states without seeing the handsome face on Hico. “Yeah, right, Director Hico! I marvel at your worldly predictions. I’m coming directly to South Beach for my grand reward as one of the remaining North Ridge Mountain Riders, like you said. I should be the first to arrive and should get all of the grand prizes. Ain’t that right, Director Hico? And you asked about Taffy Pudding. That South Beach Bandit girl killed all those teens in cold-blood the other night on live dance competition. Well, she and some of her Bandit friends are coming, inside a second van to South Beach, with both Ant and Wasp later, after Ant and Wasp have finish cleaning up all the dead teen bodies inside the Concrete Jungle later today, since you have skipped out on…”
Hico presses the mute button again and nods to Lion inside the moving van. He asks, “Lion, how many persons are present within your travel party, Rider? Please, repeat the arrival time for you and my two associates of Ant and Wasp!” He presses the mute button again, so Lion can respond.
Lion snarls first then states. “Well, I’ll repeat that secret information in your face, Hico! I’ll be there at the South Beach Colony shortly. And then you and I can chat for short while about all kinds of personal rewards, Director Hico,” he reaches over and presses a flickering green-tinted button that doesn’t belong on the driving console.
Inside the School House classroom, the gigantic electronic screen produces numerous silver and white tinted rows of visual static on the solid wall.
Hico frowns at the mounted television screen then spins around with a fake smile viewing each farmer, slowly rocking his rolling chair back and forth as it squeaks in metal pain. He states, “Well, that’s very good news, for all of us. There is a survivor or two including your precious and precocious teen boys, who have seemed, twice now, to elude death. I provided two transports for a long trip here to the South Beach Colony. Therefore, we should expect to see a face of bright smiling teens later tonight,” he claps for attention. “We have completed our first task, the welfare of the children. Let us move onto our second task, the can of bite-nats paint.”
Taffy’s father, Farmer Thelee sits inside a student desk chairs, sneering at Hico, staring down at Hixson. He orders, “Release Hixson to me, now, Hico!”
Vovina sits in a student desk beside Hico gasping in shock at the audacity of the silly man to challenge Hico while the director holds both the guns and the hostages against the group of rude farmers.
Kodare sits in a student desk on the other side of Hico and cracks his knuckles sounding with a soft growl of disrespect, readying for a fight with the old men.
Hico turns and smiles at Farmer Thelee saying with a calm timber. “I will have my canisters of bite-nats paint. Or I will toss every teen here within the South Beach Colony into my continuous dance competition starting with your surviving daughter Taffy, for the new upcoming Hunter and Huntress Games. None of your South Beach teens will survive against all of the angry and hungry Colonists. Let this be the final warning to all, South Beach Bandits mamas and daddies! The other Colonists, that are located here and not visiting the lovely cliffs, crave action, adventure, blood, and victory.” He glances to the side and winks to Hixson saying with a smile. “Son, you’re named as Hixson, is that correct?” Hixson leans over then mouth spits his salvia on top of the wooden floor, sitting back, sneering at Hico. Hico exhales with annoyance and jabs his finger at Hixson, saying with a calm timber. “I would like for everyone to meet the first draftee of newly formed South Beach Bandits, ladies and gentlemen,” he turns and smiles at Ebro. “I order you to go and round up five more South Beach teens for me, please, Ant.” Each adult gasps in alarm.


Festus Farms
Northern portion, South Beach Colony
01:44 p.m.
Hot temperatures and sinking sun of pink, yellow and blue colors


Festus Farms paints a portrait of smooth brown valleys of soybeans swaying besides long fields of bright yellow hay. Miles of flat green pastures are dotted with tiny spots of colored white and black dairy and beef cows used for both numerous food meals and pairs of human walking shoes. Herds of colorful horses enjoy the fertile grass blades also. This crop farm is also a horse ranch providing only four-legged mammals for work, transportation, and pleasure to the good citizens of South Beach.
The ancient van, from Metro City Birmingham, driven by McCamy, arrives at Festus Farms property, two hours right before the stroke of Sun Block. Each teen swiftly exits the van and then dashes ahead inside the house cuddling up in the roomy living room setting. The living room setting is a very large space containing numerous dark-tinted wooden furniture pieces that does not match.
When the series of blue, yellow, red, and green laser beams started hitting down into the city of Huntsville, most of the residents were fired into a pile of dust bunnies by one or more radiation points or were severely injured and then left to die on top of the damaged street corner or on top of the burning floor within their destroyed home. A few of the luckier residents immediately fled the city and then ran away into the mountain peaks while seeking both body safety and shelter.
A handful of residents abandoned their fancy work job and their beautiful house escaping the city streets, before the deadly bombardment as each military aircraft was destroyed by an array of far-reaching nuclear missiles.
Apparently, the Festus family had been one of the earliest escapee farm families from the countryside of Huntsville allowing time to accumulate and then tote away their entire household possessions landing here first within the northern portion of the slowly-developing South Beach Colony. The previous farm homestead had worked then survived as a horse ranch, so the herd of horses had pulled numerous open wagons consisting of their worldly possessions here to South Beach territory, several years ago.
The rest of the fleeing farm families from the surrounding countryside of Huntsville had hauled the entire household possessions out also arriving and found both lands and people. The lands were completely occupied and also claimed. The people were completely mad and held numerous guns for body protection.
So, the other fleeing families either abandoned or toted away a few surviving possessions, reaching the end of the world, which had known as the Birmingham Cliffs. The Birmingham Cliffs are smooth flat large stone dropping off the landscape, down through the air waves, entering the warm, dangerous salt waters, which is still called, the Gulf of Mexico.
Taffy’s family had been one of the last fleeing families to leave the city of Huntsville and then settled within the southern portion of newly formed South Beach Colony, when she was a young toddler, without her baby sister, who was birthed within the new Colony.
Currently, at the Thelee household, all the household furnishings are worn, sparse, and ugly providing a bare existence for a family of four. Taffy has a separate bedroom from her sister Tulu displaying a flat mattress, without a bed frame, donating the ugly piece of furniture to her sister with sisterly love.
The Festus living room furniture setting consists of several long sofas, oversized sitting chairs, a few rocking chairs, three loveseats, all in some type of dark wood. Each piece of furniture is covered in a lovely throw blanket of numerous colors making the room cozy and warm, especially for a gang of fugitives, like McCamy, Taffy, Tulu, Baycliff, and Rusk.
Taffy sits on top of an oversized brown-tinted chair holding a thick pad of fabric that nicely cushions her boney fanny. The Thelee household furniture back home is hard and worn and ugly without a thick padding of fabric for her boney fanny. Across the back rest on her oversized chair, the throw blanket in the colors of green, orange, red, and blue feels both soft and warm. Across her legs, a second throw blanket in the colors of pink, purple, silver, and red colors feels both soft and warm too. Taffy is really confused within her neurons about the interior motions on sixteen years old, South Beach girl Pemona.
The house and the family of Pemona are both friendly and happy.
Normally, a sixteen-year-old teenage from South Beach desires to enter the Apprenticeship Program and hopefully become the winner and then escapes from the hard farming life.
Pemona does not look scarred or skinny like poor Amita. Pemona smiles with happiness and sits next to Rusk. They share one of the oversized comfortable chairs and also share a throw blanket in the colors of orange, gold, red, and yellow as she whispers into his face. Rusk whispers back with a smile into her face. Of course, Rusk is displaying that silly teenly action to make his girlfriend Taffy jealous.
Inside the living room, Amita narrates her year-long capture to each face while sitting next to her beau Baycliff. He tenderly cuddles her into his naked chest. She softly voices with a stern face. “Bright sunlight is bothersome to my sensitive eyes. After the dance competition, on the last day of the Apprenticeship Program, I was declared one of the numerous winners. Then all the winners were trotted off the dance floor and strolled down into a series of underground mines hidden underneath the honeysuckle vines, inside that Concrete Jungle. That term was used by Director Hico. The underground dirt mines are really abandoned old rocket silos used in the year 1960, for some type of outer space race program developed there within in the ancient city of Huntsville.”
He clears his throat as each pair of eyeballs turn to see Festus. The farmer displays a tall body frame with a suntanned and wrinkled face, a head of cropped brown-colored hair, and a pair of hazel eyes. He sits on the opposite side of the warm and cozy living room beside his wife nodding with a stern face to Amita. He states, “That’s correct! A silo is a gigantic vertical shaft, like a deep hole, dug by a powerful machine, about ninety years ago. Each hole goes down in the dirt, which is deep, round, and packed along the sides with hard rock and dense red clay dirt, once located up there in the abandoned city of Huntsville,” he shakes his brown skull. “There is not an exit door or an ascending ladder. There is not an easy escape from a silo hole, without some type of human intervention, by a man-to-man chain gang coming from bottom up towards the top of the surface or with the use of heavy stream driven equipment.”
Amita clears her dry throat and continues to wear the baseball cap over her sensitive eyes saying with a soft timber. “Hico, Vovina, Kodare, Doboil, and Starbe surrounded us like a set of security guards as all the winners were moved from the dance floor, after the last dance, on the sixth day of the Apprenticeship Program, heading to a smaller room along the side hallway. We changed from the bite-nats ball gown into these real work clothes. Then we were put to work by repairing those things like the one on your forward wall, Festus,” she points at the gigantic mounted electronic screen. The screen presents black hue, without power. She slaps her hand back into her lap. Baycliff reaches over and caresses her dirty hands, wearing his stern face.
She exhales a puff of relieve then states. “Down inside the silo, there were located thousands and millions of those broken electronic devices. My granny and I were immediately separated as a family unit for our individual work jobs, but we were brought together both tired and hungry for long periods of sleep, until the next shift of work. After a while, you couldn’t tell the difference from day to night. One person secretly owned a pocket watch which measured some type of day and night chronological time for us but eventually the air moisture overtook her delicate jewelry. I recognized all the girls from the previous Apprenticeship Programs along with their entire family members that consisted of mothers, dads, sisters, brothers, grandparents, cousins.
“Two of the girls and I would wander around our part of the Silo, after our work duty and during our resting hours looking for an escape route. Some wings were empty; while some wings held more work stations for more hours of electronic device repairs. Some wings were only living quarters with the short hard metal cots and folded clean blankets. You were assigned immediately to a specific living Silo, where I lived, ate my food meals, and slept there upon my assigned cot.
“I was also assigned into a working Silo, which separated the families into working units: children, teens, young adult, mature adults, and elderly adults. My granny worked in a different part of Silo until she…passed…” she slaps both of her palms over her open mouth starting to sob, producing her sad tears. Baycliff shuffles closer to her and hugs Amita wearing with a sad face too.
She exhales with sour bad breathes then drops both of her hands down into her lap saying with a stern face. “Her heart was too weak. I couldn’t escape either. Some folks tried over and over again. Of course, they experienced much failure and heartbreak, until Hico got mad and then tossed down, with his love, a basket of rattlesnakes into one particular Silo. You could hear the ear-piercingly screams, dying cries, loud curses, and shaking rattles on each snake, for hours, until all the biting snakes had killed every man, woman, and child,” she sobs with tears and then smiles at Taffy. “That finally maintained a long period of peace and productivity for the slaves that belonged to Director Hico.”
Baycliff leans down and whispers into her eardrum patting her folded hands, saying with a soft timber. “It’s over, honey bell!” He tenderly pecks her newly scrubbed cheekbone from the sweat, dirt, and grime and then pulls back with a stern face then views Festus, then Pemona, and finally Rusk. He declares with a nasty tone. “Hico, he’ll pay for his sins, by me.” Each teen nods in silent acceptance.
She presents a petite body frame and wears a head of black-grayish colored hair, a pair of brown eyes, and is the mother of Pemona. Almena slowly stands upright from the sofa beside her husband holding a bottle of blue-colored liquid over the skull on Wolf, saying with a smile. “Ya’ll are setting pretty in blue tint now. Don’t mess with the blue stuff! The blue stuff is scientifically labeled as povidone-iodine. It consists of a stable chemical, called polyvinylpyrrolidone, which is composed of twelve percent available blue iodine used on mammals…”
“Don’t show off, Mama!” Her youngest daughter Rari states with a frown turning to see her mother. She is fifteen years old possessing a petite body frame, a head of short black-colored hair, a pair of brown-tinted eyes. She turns and drops her chin blushing in embarrassment from her mother’s lecture towards the four cute and tall male teens.
Rusk nods and states to Almena. “Yes ma’am! We use the blue stuff product on all the shallow and deep lacerations that appear on each leg, kneecap, hock, and pastern on all of our horses too and sometimes one or two of the feisty bulls to prevent a spread of wicked infections also. One time, we disinfected a horse of thrush in the medial sulcus on her hoof,” he turns and smiles at his brother. “Do you remember that, McCamy?”
McCamy nods in silent agreement while cuddling his girl Tulu, playfully tickling her rib cage during the terrible narration from Amita. He wants to keep Tulu happy and not too sad about the bad past and upcoming future events, where both the teen cowboys and cowgirls of South Beach will face tomorrow against Director Hico.
Festus continues to sit and nodding back to Rusk. “Well, we offer good healing powers for your cuts and hot food for your stomach lining. Festus Farms will never let strays go hungry. Or we will never let nice folks go free, without aid and supplies. And especially, for the folks that brought our daughter back to us in one piece. Poor mamas and daddies are torn up after seeing on the electronic screen about their offspring. We would be too!” He reaches over and pats the arm on Pemona, who sits inside the oversized sitting chair beside Rusk. He holds back the manly sobs and associated manly tears feeling both joy and happiness, seeing his sixteen-year old girl, alive and well, except for a few visual bruises and a slight mild concession. He turns and smiles saying to his younger daughter. “Rari, can you please show our visited guests around our place, while your mama and I set a nice table for our welcomed and rare company?”
Rari swiftly stands from her chair and points towards the front porch doorway leading towards different areas on her farmland, including the pond, the barn, the meadows, and the playground. Each teen slowly stands upright from the furniture piece and follows behind Rari venturing into a part of Festus Farms.


***


At 02:14 p.m., at the pond water setting, the two paired love birds Tulu and McCamy veer away from Rari and then slowly stroll ahead as one human being. He cuddles her inside his chest which is covered in scattered splotches of blue tinted medicine and black tinted bruises, after fighting and then winning against Hico’s gang of barbaric heathens there at the Metro City Dance Hall.
Almena was a medical physician, before the Nuke War Three ended her medical career in Huntsville. Now, she doctors and treats all the battered and beaten teens insisting that each wound not be bandaged but breath fresh air molecules as each wounded teen need to eat lots of food and rest for the evening hours.
They stop and then slide down sitting on top of the wet bank, in front of the fresh water pond.
McCamy tucks Tulu inside his chest as each pair of naked feet splash down into the cool water.
Tulu sobs, without the yucky clear mucus, and leans into his colorful chest staring at the soft rippling smooth waves, saying with meek voice. “I’m so sorry, McCamy. I’m the cause of this entire ugly mess. I wanted to attend that stupid Apprenticeship Program. I’m so selfish and greedy. Please, forgive me!”
He leans over and places his cheekbone on top of her sweet-smelling honeysuckle, black colored hair, smiling with a soft hum, “Ah, muffin!”
She pulls back and wipes off her running snot using her dirty hand, looking up with a stern face to see his smile. She says, “I want you to hear this all. Okay!” He leans over and then gently kisses her forehead pulling back with a smile. She exhales with relief and disappointment telling her story. “I’m so selfish. I love you, so much, and want great things for us. Great things ain’t great, without you, McCamy. I learned that! Me and my heart, and my soul missed you, so much, when…” she sobs with tears of heartache and then frowns. “I thought you dead, inside that fiery fusion, foreverly, without me,” she reaches over and then pinches his chest wearing a stern face, still producing her rolling tears and running snot.
“Ouch!” He states then sniggers at her tiny bite on his hard chest. She slaps his chest next. He sniggers for fun again.
She exhales with worry then says. “Now, I find out, that it was all not true.”
He leans over and tenderly kisses her lips pulling back, singing with a smile, “Ah, muffin.”
She exhales with another puff of worry then states. “Then I had traveled all the way to Metro City Birmingham heart broken and alone while thinking…” She gasps in alert then turns his face saying with a stern look. “You…you danced with me the first night, didn’t you?”
He leans over and tenderly kisses her lips, pulling back, singing with his smile, “Ah, muffin.”
“I was so confused. I would have never guessed the dancer was you. When I touched your hands, I thought of you. But my brain cells had accepted the other fact. You warty-toad, you should’ve signaled me. Or you should have kissed me. I know your sweet kisses.”
He leans over and tenderly kisses her lips pulling back, singing with his smile, “Ah, muffin.”
She frowns then states. “O! I guess, that would’ve been bad for us. You and Taffy would’ve been discovered by Hico earlier. Well, I forgive both of you’ll, since you’ll are here alive and well with me.”
He leans over and then tenderly kisses her lips, pulling back, singing with a smile, “Ah, muffin.”
She gasps in shock then states with a stern face, “But you didn’t dance with me the second night. I could tell. It’s wasn’t Rusk either. You’ll are twins but different. I can tell you’ll apart. No one else can but me.”
He leans over and tenderly kisses her lips, pulling back, singing with a smile, “Ah, muffin.”
“Nor was it Hixson, so that leaves Baycliff,” she giggles with a silly grin, “Figures! That boy is…”
“Is what, muffin?” He yells then growls with jealous at his childhood friend.
“Well, he tried…”
“He tried to do what, muffin?” He shouts then snarls with harm towards Baycliff.
She laughs out loud then states with a smile. “You gave him a set of instructions, for me, during the dance, didn’t you?” He nods in silence. Tulu says with a smile. “Well, he failed pitifully. He’s not you. You definitely aren’t him, but you’re my warty-toad.”
He leans over and tenderly kisses her lips, pulling back, singing with a smile, “Ah, muffin.”
“When you dropped out of the baby blue skies on that second night of the Apprenticeship Program, wearing your silly red chicken lips…” she laughs. “It was a good thing that you toted me out that secret back door underneath the basement space, because I was about to faint. I thought I was seeing my guardian angel, who was also named McCamy and who had ascended from the planet and then came back down from heaven to protect me.”
He leans over and tenderly kisses her lips, pulling back, singing with a smile, “Ah, muffin.”
She exhales with a puff of worry then states. “You were there alive and breathing carrying me in your strong arms out the back door with Hixson as the scout. I love you, McCamy. Did I mention that lately?” Tulu smiles.
He leans over and tenderly kisses her lips, pulling back, singing with a smile, “Ah, muffin.”
“We almost made it, if not for the two dance judges of Ant and Wasp. Isn’t that right, McCamy? They appeared both nice and friendly at first and then presented a bite-nats flash blade first and then their shotgun barrel second in our faces, in front of my mom and dad. My daddy was mad. My mama was crying. I felt bad for my parents. Then they hauled us down into that tiny jail cell. I thought Hixson would bust that glass window pane out from the frame.” Tulu laughs. McCamy laughs with a head nod.
She grins then states. “Well, he would have, if not for the lack of trying and trying and trying…” Tulu exhales with worry. “Do you think my parents…?”
He leans over and tenderly kisses her lips, pulling back, singing with a smile, “Ah, muffin.”
She states with a worried brow. “Hico won’t harm them, ain’t that right? He only wants bite-nats, isn’t that correct? He told us so. I believe him. Don’t you believe Hico, McCamy?”
He leans over and tenderly kisses her lips, pulling back, singing with a smile, “Ah, muffin.”
She nods. “My daddy will give him all of these rusty paint cans of bite-nats, if he knew where the cans were hidden. Everyone would do that also to save their kids and their souls and their farms, isn’t that right, McCamy?”
He leans over and tenderly kisses her lips, pulling back, singing with his smile, “Ah, muffin.”
“I fear for us and Taffy and our parents. Wonder if, Hico wants more or something else than all the cans of bite-nats. Then what’s going to happen there at South Beach, McCamy?”
He leans over and then tenderly kisses her lips, pulling back, singing with his smile, “Ah, muffin.”
“There! I confessed it all out of my brain cells. The best confession of all times is that I love you, McCamy, foreverly. I wanna stay there in the South Beach Colony, foreverly, only with you,” she smiles and states with a nod. “Okay! It’s your turn, warty toad.”
He leans over and then tenderly kisses her lips, pulling back, singing with a smile, “Ah, muffin. I love you, too. I worry about your little body and big brain, all the time. Now, I don’t lie, when I tattle that Taffy plotted out that brilliant plan. But I confess to you that I liked it. I helped it. I participated in it to get you back home. Dang! I wanted to kidnap you on that first day of the Apprenticeship Program and then drag your pretty fanny back home, where we can be together foreverly there in South Beach. I love you, Tulu.” McCamy leans over and tenderly kisses her lips, pulling back, singing with a smile, “Ah, muffin.”
“My warty-toad,” she smiles.
He shakes his bone skull saying with a stern face, “I didn’t believe Taffy, at first. Then, I found out on the second night of the Apprenticeship Program that Baycliff had tricked all of us into searching for his lost love Amita. His girlfriend Amita always was a stubborn and foolish-minded female. Now, that’s my point of view. Amita high-tailed it out of South Beach leaving her beau Baycliff both high and dry on top of that flat rock at the Birmingham Cliffs, wanting to become the next new Apprentice for Dictator Hico. Baycliff was hurt, acted it, looked it, and talked it. Don’t understand that girl!” He shakes his cropped blonde hair strands again. “But hey! She belongs to Baycliff, not me. I got you, babe!” He leans over and hugs her, so tight, that Tulu gasps for air. He doesn’t want to release Tulu for fear of losing her again. He pulls back with a smile and then leans over, tenderly kisses her lips, pulling back. He sings with his smile, “Ah, muffin.”
She giggles then says. “I got my warty-toad too.”
He exhales with a huff of worry then states. “Yeah, Hixson and I stormed out from the dance contest feeling mad, angry and used. I’m ashamed that I only thought of you, selfishly. That’s why Hixson and I left the competition, before the start of the dancing, after visiting Kodare and threatening to beat his butthole,” McCamy laughs with a wicked grin. “Kodare, he was scared shitless. He paid Hixon and me good too. I got all these gold nuggets stuffed down in my pockets, muffin.
“Always, Taffy told, well, she suspected that Hico was guilty of more than running that silly dance contest. She was right, muffin! Taffy’s smart! Taffy’s tough! Taffy pursued in finding a misplaced Amita. I’m glad that she found Amita and all the other lost South Beachers.”
Tulu starts to sob producing a flowing line of sad tears for all the missing and dead South Beachers.
McCamy states with a worried brow. “I saw you watching that dance competition, on that new electronic screen, when we were penned, like a herd of farm hogs inside Hico’s pretend prison. You looked real sad about those other teens that died that night.”
She continues to sob with tears of sadness.
He says. “That was not our doing, that involved the deaths of all those teens. Do you understand me, Tulu?”
She nods with sobs and tears in silence.
He shares. “That was Hico, Kodare, and Vovina doings. They harmed all these teens. They’re going to pay for it too. I swear working with Baycliff, Rusk, and Hixson as we meet Hico and his vile staff members on top of the Birmingham Cliffs. They’re going to pay for harming all of these teens and their parents. Don’t worry about Tourann and Thelee! Hixson is with them now. Did you see how I sweet-talked Hico into taking Hixson and leaving us behind at Metro City Birmingham?” He chuckles then says. “I did that, because I couldn’t stand to see you leave me, again. Please, don’t ever leave mem again. Okay, muffin?”
She nods with her sobs then present her smile and her tears to him.
He leans over and then tenderly kisses her lips, pulling back, singing with his smile, “Ah, muffin.”
“My warty-toad,” she croaks out the word and wears her smile of happiness between her tears of sadness.
“Ah, muffin! The next few days are going to be dangerous for us, especially Taffy. But don’t worry here, muffin! We’re smart. We work together, good, like a farm team of draft horses, including Taffy, Baycliff, Rusk, Hixson, me, and even that good old boy Wolf-man. He’s smart with that electronic device. Amita looks pitifully weak and sick. Let’s not count her on our horse team just yet. But we got Pemona and her family members that all hate Hico too and is happy that we saved her fanny also.” He leans down and hugs her petite body closing his two eyelids and plants his skull down on top of her sweet-smelling hair of honeysuckles. He exhales with love pulling back with a series of soft chuckle, pointing at the delicate object flying over both of their skulls. He asks, “Do you see the pair of flying yellow colored butterflies, muffin?” She turns and smiles at the butterflies in silence.
McCamy nods and states with a smile. “A pair of flying butterflies is an ancient sign of love between a boy and a girl. That’s me and you foreverly, muffin!” Tulu returns back and kisses his lips with her undying love.


***


At 02:24 p.m., at the horse barn location, Baycliff separates from a talkative Rari and then leads Amita by the hand a few paces north towards a new structure, in the color of dull red, the horse barn.
He stops then opens one of the closed wooden doors for Amita venturing inside ahead of her. He strolls towards one of the hay stacks and brushes off the tiny seedlings from a wooden bench that leans against the barn wall, pointing down at the semi-clean wooden seat.
Amita stands upright inside the open archway and still wears her dirty cap blocking the dull sunlight from her two sensitive eyes, wearing a sour frown and then slowly strolls ahead. She hears the short neighs from the standing horses inside each barn stall as the steeds finish their dinner meal. She stops and parks both of her fists on her tiny waist, saying with a sour tone. “Why are we parked in here inside a horse barn, Baycliff?”
He smiles and continues to point down at the wooden seat. “This will give us some private time from the other teens, honey bell. I really don’t wanna be near the others,” he slides sitting on top of the hard bench and reaches out patting the empty spot next to him.
“You mean, you don’t want Taffy to hear our private conversation. Is that right, Baycliff?” She states with a sour frown then exhales with annoyance.
“Naw! I don’t want any of the other cowboys and cowgirls here with us, only just us. This is my private time with you, before our bedtime, honey bell,” he continues to smile patting the empty spot next to him.
She tosses her baseball cap off and reveals her bald hair, without hair strands. Baycliff gasps in shock. She cocks her chin and states with a sour frown to him. “Is anything wrong here, boy?”
He fakes a smile and states at her new appearance, “Naw! Come and sit with me, here on the bench, honey bell!”
She moves ahead and sits close to Baycliff saying with a stern face. “I’m sorry. I thought of you every day and night while wondering if you had known what had happened to me there in Metro City Birmingham. I had accepted all of the consequences for all my actions last year, until now this moment. Now, I’m here with you. I can’t believe, it’s really finally over for me,” she exhales with relief. “I have waited and watched for one…” she exhales again. “I meant, I had watched my new friends struggle for food, work, and respect. Then, I lost my granny. She couldn’t take the confinement and closet-feeling situation that stopped her pumping heart.”
She exhales with anger then states with fury. “I can’t believe that you let me go so easily, Baycliff!”
“Honey bell!” He states in frustration gasping in shock, leaning over and tries to hug her skinny body.
She slides backwards from his warm hug and says with a stern face. “I’m sorry. I’m difficult here, within my mind, body, and soul. I wanted to see something new and different besides another South Beach farm, farming crops, and all the stinky farm animals. That’s all! I still respect you. You came looking for me. I can’t believe that you did that. Thank you for coming to my rescue! You’re my hero!”
“Honey bell!” He states with confusion gasping in alert, leaning over and tries to hug her body again.
She scoots away from him and says with a sour frown. “Yes, I had lots of time to think, when not working on those electronic devices, eating my limited amounts of food, pooping in the dirt, like an animal, and sleeping in the small hard cot, like a soldier. I hoped I could tell you how much I loved and missed you. But I’m still stunned, shocked, and surprised that you came to my rescue. This moment is incredible for me. How on Planet Earth did you know where to find me? I mean, I, and the other missing South Beach girls, have been living there, since last...” she frowns. “What’s the date of today? I have no idea what day of week it is. How silly of me!”
“Honey bell!” He states with shock and leans over trying to hug her body.
She slides backwards from his warm hug and states with a stern face. “Today is Saturday!”
He gasps in shock then asks. “How did you know that?”
She shouts and wears a sour frown. “I am not the stupid one here, like another person believes. I can keep track of time and the date without a watch or a calendar…”
“Honey bell!” He states in shock and leans over, trying to hug her.
She slides backwards from his warm hug and says a stern face. “Every Saturday, I used to sleep late in my bed then eat a large breakfast plate of eggs, bacon, grits, biscuits, and home-made cinnamon rolls. Then I would drive that broken down farm tractor around the crop fields plowing or planting or harvesting foods of something. There’s always something to do on a cow and corn farm. When I finished my farm chores, I drove the old tractor straight down into the cool water pond, scaring all the bathing geese and floating swans into flying for cover,” she laughs with an evil tone then states with wicked grin. “O! I miss those days.”
“Honey bell!” He states in shock and leans over trying to hug her.
She slides backwards from his hug and states with a stern face. “You found me! I’m so happy, that you found me. I’m home, well, almost. When are we leaving out from here? I don’t like that girl Pemona or her nosy family. We should leave right now. There’s some dull sunlight left, before Sun Block time. We could have been home already, if we didn’t have to stop here and drop off that girl. Pemona is not part of our farmer group, is she? Rusk seems to like her body or her personality. I thought Rusk was crazy for someone else. Wow! I have missed a lot of stuff. I want to go home right now,” she looks down studying his chest, saying with a worried brow. “Do you feel hurt? Your wounds are a bunch of funny-looking blue-tinted colors from that medical iodine that Almena used as a poor substitute for good medications. That blue stuff doesn’t wash off but has to wear off from the naked skin. I guess, it helps the wounds heal faster. Are your wounds healing faster?” Amita laughs with an evil tone.
“Honey bell!” He states in shock then leans over trying to hug her. She slides backwards from his hug and wears a stern face. He frowns with worry. She needs to relax and enjoy their special private time together, before they are required to return back to the Festus household, for the evening hours. Tomorrow, the gang will travel into the southern portion of the South Beach Colony and pay an unfriendly visit to Hico.
She exhales with a puff of relief and states with her meek voice. “Her mother is nice and friendly. I guess. Her mother helped with your body wounds. So, she is okay. But I do not like Wolf or Wolf-man or Wolf-boy. He’s one of the Riders that came from the North Ridge Mountain Colony. Isn’t he a Rider? Yes, he is. Why am I hanging with a Rider, Baycliff? They do not like me. They want me dead and death and done, like slammed roadkill. Wolf-person needs to go too. Wolf-boy needs to go back home to his tall mountains, where he belongs, not here with me. Wolf-boy is going to cause me lots of trouble. If Hico sees him…”
“Honey bell!” He states with alarm and starts to lean over trying to hug her. She slides backwards from his warm hug and wears a stern face. Baycliff leans back into the hard back rest and tosses both of his arms in the air, wearing a stern face. He slaps both of his hands down on top of his dirty blue jeans producing a plume of green and yellow flower dust, stating with a firm tone. “Wolf-man, he’s part of our teen group now. Our teen group is against both Hico and Kodare, and all the unwelcomed others that have invaded our home in South Beach and might harm our family members, farm neighbors, and friends. So, we all will go and protect everyone there, tomorrow morning. Second, he saved your life.”
She gasps in shock then states with a stern face. “No! You saved my life! I saw your face first. I saw you drop down the ladder steps and then stomp on the dirt clay, inside my Silo. I recognized only you and then I recognized snot-hole McCamy. I never liked McCamy, just like I don’t like Taffy. They go well together,” she frowns. “So, how did you know where to find me?”
He reaches down and scratches his exposed chest muscles itching from his healing wounds and the hard coated patches of blue tinted iodine saying with a stern face. “Honey bell!”
“How did you know, where to find me? I can’t believe that you found me, after one year.”
He says. “Taffy, she’s the real treasure hunter here. I give her all the credit and all the brains here. Taffy came up with a plot to spy on both Hico and Vovina. Vovina is our Superintendent there in South Beach. Taffy figured out that Vovina was part of the plan, that misplaced you. Taffy concluded that all South Beachers were missing…”
“Taffy!” She yells then performs her lady growl at the name. “The one and only Taffy from Thelee Farms, she found me, not you. I don’t understand any of this. How in the universe did she know where to find me? Where you didn’t or couldn’t or wouldn’t? You told me that you figured out where I was at. Is that a lie? Are you fibbing to me again? I mean, after all we’ve been through and then separated for the past year, Baycliff.”
“Honey bell!” He states in shock then gasps in worry, “Naw! No! I’m not lying to you. Taffy is smart, like you. She talked to our neighbors and gathered all the secret information about the Apprenticeship Program and all the missing South Beach girls. Then our childhood friends consisting of McCamy, Rusk, Hixson, Taffy and I left our home in South Beach and then traveled up there to Metro City Birmingham staying inside an underground root cellar, inside the Dance Hall, right below the Dance Hall’s dance platform and right underneath the butthole of Hico. We all were searching for you, honey bell. Then we found you hidden inside that underground Silo,” Baycliff smiles with a nod of happiness.
She rolls her two eyeballs and then looks back at him, saying with a stern face. “You found me. I’m so grateful. Yes, Taffy is too smart for her own good. And I recalled clearly that Taffy gave Hico a loose bouquet of purple bull thistles which were weeds that came from her daddy’s corn fields. The sharp prickles pricked and then bleed his hand into red blood. Hico cursed all the way back to Metro City Birmingham inside our transport that day,” she laughs with an evil tone saying with wicked a grin and a head nod. “Hico sworn, on his mama’s grave, to get that teen girl back some day,” Amita claps with delight and laughs with happiness.
He sneers first then states with a nasty tone. “Is that a body threat on Taffy, by Hico? Well, I guess he has threatened Taffy and the rest of us, including my daddy. If Hico is up there, messing things up around in South Beach, then my daddy is not happy, and either is Rusk’s or Taffy’s or Hixson’s daddy. Hixson is getting company tomorrow. McCamy says, we leave tomorrow morning, after Sun Block…”
“Why is McCamy the Leader of Pack here?” Amita askes then sneers at the remark slamming her finger into his chest, “You should lead us victoriously back home to South Beach. You’re smarter than McCamy. He’s a smart-hole. I never liked him. He’s only nice to Tulu, Taffy’s younger sister. Tulu is nice, not a snot-hole, like McCamy and her smart-hole older sister Taffy. They are two of a kind, within the same plantation pea pod. They should be together as a loving couple, since they think alike and boss alike. Nobody likes them. Even Hico didn’t pick Taffy for that malice move she pulled, did he? He picked me,” she slaps her chest and nods with a grin. “I guess, I should thank…” she gasps in alarm. “No! I should not thank, but faint. Taffy caused all of mess to happen to me!”
“Honey bell!” He states in shock and starts to lean over trying to hug her.
She slides backwards from his warm hug and states with a stern face. “No more honey on me, boy! Hico only selected the smart Apprentices. If Taffy hadn’t played that slick step, then she would have traveled with Hico to Metro City Birmingham. Then she would have competed in the dance competition. Then she would have been imprisoned inside that dark, damp, and dank Silo, within the ancient city, that had been called Huntsville, for a year, instead of me. I can’t believe, she did this to me. I was her best friend in South Beach. Now, I know. I learn. I see. I am her stupid pawn. I can prove it.” Amita points her arm towards the ceiling and says with a nod and a stern face. “Hico has ordered Taffy arrested for killing all of the teens.”
He yells. “What?” Baycliff gasps in worry and shakes his bone skull at Amita.
“Yes, Taffy is the newest fugitive from the law.”
He laughs out loud then calms states with a smile slapping his chest. “Well then, Taffy and Rusk and I are also three fugitives from the law as we also killed some of the dance teens. But these teens were trying to kill us first.”
She gasps in alarm then asks. “Why am I hanging with a fugitive then? The fugitives from the law authorities will invite trouble for me. Taffy is trouble for me. I wanna leave right now. I mean, whether you’re healed or not. I don’t want trouble for me here.”
“Honey bell!” He states in shock and starts to lean over trying to hug her.
She stands upright from the hard bench and announces with a stern face. “Do not call me, honey bell, again! Taffy conned me and swindled you into her side picture show. I can’t believe this. You almost got killed from those nasty games that had been plotted by Taffy. She is an evil doer and sly like a fox. She is heading heads over her high heels into major trouble and taking me up and down that roller coaster with her. Just look at your war wounds covering your chest and abdomen from her fight at that dance. Or I will say that death competition having to protect your precious self. Taffy should have protected you, instead of killing all of those poor helpless teens. Where were McCamy, Rusk, and Hixson, your so-called friends? I can tell you. They were running, like a pack of scary doggies away from their mama, tinkling on their hind legs as it runs down into the grass.” She stomps both of her naked feet and says with a sour frown. “We will leave tomorrow, without the other cowboys and cowgirls. We take Hico’s transport and ride it back home to South Beach, especially, without the presence of Taffy Pudding. She is major trouble for me. I hate Taffy Pudding,” she spins around with a worried brow and dashes ahead racing through the old archway into the fading sunlight, from a long day, without the hat or a baseball cap.
“Honey bell!” He yells standing upright from the bench, chasing after her, moving through the open archway then halts a few feet over the manicured grass. He smiles seeing a swarm of yellow, blue, red, green, pink, white, and black colored butterflies. The butterflies gently land then cover both of her two bend arms, both of her collar bones, and her bald mound in beauty.
He paces towards her gently lifting his hand in the air. Each butterfly flies off her posed body. His hand slams down on his dirty blue jeans creating more green and yellow tinted dust particles, “Butterflies are attracted to the salt in your sweat that provides sodium for their body. That’s all! The butterfly dates back to Mid-Eocene Epoch here on Planet Earth, between fifty million years ago. They travel in swarms over a great distance for the breeding season. A butterfly has four wings that are covered with tiny scales. The fore and hind wings are not hooked together which create their free floating graceful flight using all six of their legs…”
“I hate bugs!” Amita shouts in fury and wears a sour frown dashing ahead towards the main farm house, during the fading sunlight, which is close to Sun Block.
Baycliff slowly moves ahead and talks to her back spine. “A single butterfly symbols one person’s fleeing soul. A large number of butterflies are viewed as a bad omen. Yeah, I believe that myth, like I believe Taffy is a murderess. Honey bell!” He yells out loud and races ahead towards the house while chuckling with delight at his girl.

***


At 02:33 p.m., at the playground location, in front of a tire swing setting, the two teens, Pemona and Rusk slowly stroll hand-in-hand towards the pretty woodland setting.
She stops and points with his smile then says at the fun object. “That’s called a tire swing. Have you ever seen one?” Rusk chuckles at the familiar object. Pemona reaches over and slaps his blue-tinted, wounded, naked chest explaining the object. “It’s called a rubber tire, that was used, before Nuke War Three, on moving cars and trucks, flying airplanes, and the like, to boot. My daddy taught me. He teaches us a lot, since the local School House doesn’t educate the students properly per my dad,” she reaches out and grabs stopping the motion of the large black tinted rubber tire, saying with a smile. “Hop on!”
He explains to her. “We use sets of big rubber tires, almost five feet tall, on some of our terrain tractors driving inside the deeper fields, that lasts a good bit longer than those iron rusty spokes,” Rusk places both of his palms on the hard rubber and then leaps landing his butthole down inside the curved deep opening, fumbling both of his legs around the encircled rubber, until his body is securely attached to the swing. He points down into his lap and winks to her.
She shakes her long brown curls and says, “I best not! If I vomit up green puke on top of the dinner table tonight, then my mother will know that we have been close dancing or something. She is the current medical doctor here among the farmers and she knows all about that stuff and she watches over her two baby chicks, to boot.”
He chuckles then states. “That’s a very good observation for the day! But I can cure you by tomorrow. Do you believe me?” She winks at him in silence. Rusk slowly spins the tire swing around and surveys miles of the open terrain on Festus Farms stating with a nice tone. “Your farm is pretty here. I like it. Your farm is different but sorta like my farm.”
She slowly strolls around the tire swing with him and surveys the landscape, also, then states. “You told me, all about your farm, that’s located on top of the rocky limestone cliffs, where we will drive inside the rear compartment of the van tomorrow morning, right after Sun Block. I guess, a farm here in South Beach possesses the same landscape of yellow corn stalks, white cotton fields, and lots of black and white cows that stand in the pasture lands grazing quiet and mellow,” she returns back and smiles at Rusk. “A herd of cows are quiet and mellow with tender feelings and non-book smarts. However, you’re different from your twin brother. I guess, you hear that a lot as a twin of two brothers. He’s not very friendly and bossy, to boot.”
He exhales with a nod and states with a firm voice. “Do not ever cross McCamy! He will dislike you even lesser than before. He came out first. My mama always joked to me that he was my protector. He fulfills that role very seriously too.”
She leans against the tree bark and watches the tire spin around in a long circle saying to Rusk. “That’s so nice! Rochelle is the baby too but kind of sissy and really nosy, to boot. Ugh! She saw us on the electronic television screen last night and has been asking me a ton of nosy questions about the Apprenticeship Program and my part of the fights. I still can see each teen, who continued to wear their mask of death. I can’t stop the images. Do you see the dead teens also?”
“Before last night, I never have killed a person, lots of animals, including some sick livestock on my farm and hunting the wildlife around the woods. I have never killed a real person. I don’t think about it during the heat of bloody battle. You live or die! You die or live! I wanna live. That’s all!”
She looks up with a stern face and views the fading sun. “Just live, I like that, too,” she looks down and smiles at Rusk. “That’s all, to boot.” She tries to store her last bad memories from the Apprenticeship Program involving a dead Brazoria deep down within her sub-consciousness.
He slides off the tire swing and reaches out, grabbing her hand, saying. “Yeah, I like it here. You got lots of fun stuff,” he reaches out with his other hand and shoves the tire swing in a circle. The tire swing rotates around alone. Rusk and Pemona slowly stroll by hand-and-hand, moving ahead towards a wooden picnic table, that he had seen in an ancient picture book. “You got a tire swing, a wicked metal body slide, two kiddie swings, and a long and sturdy wooden table for a picnic meal. We could eat our meals here in the mornings or at nights, after the Sun Block event. My farm doesn’t have all of these fun things, only cotton, cows, and corn, maybe some cats and bears. Do you like bears?” He spins around then sits down on top of picnic table surface, wearing a smile, parting his legs.
She moves ahead, stops, and stands in-between his parted kneecaps, saying with a smile. “I do not think, I’ve ever met a bear. Are they friendly?”
He rubs both of her arms slowly moving up each one of his arms towards her collar bone, wearing a smile. A single fluttering red and pink colored butterfly starts to land and then perches on top of his collar bone. He draws her into his smile and says with a whisper. “Yeah, a bear is very friendly and very cute, to boot.”
“I like cute. I heard they like sweets, to boot.” She states then reaches out shooing away the single butterfly from his collar bone, shifting both of her hands over his naked chest, rubbing the smooth skin. She softly giggles.
Rusk leans down and says with a smile into her face. “The bears and I both like something sweet, to boot.” Pemona leans over and kisses his soft lips for a long time.


***

At 02:37 p.m., within the vast backyard behind the main farm house, Wolf slowly strolls ahead through the patch of pretty flowers and reaches down feeling each soft petal between his calloused finger pad while admiring the beautiful yellow flora.
Rari moves beside him and points at each flower then says. “That row of flowers is called tulips. They keep bugs away from the garden vegetables.”
“I really prefer the color of red.” He states turning to wink at Taffy.
Taffy stands in the same row and watches Wolf then snorts with amusement, recalling his vocal death threat to Hico. She swirls around and sits down within a row of rusty iron chairs that creates a sitting scene a few feet from the back porch, underneath a grove of shade trees lie near the flower and vegetable gardens. She scans the lovely landscape on Festus Farms in silence.
Rari spins around and sits down on top of a padded bench beside Taffy watching Wolf-man, explain the features of her farm. “We only have batches of yellow tulips. Do you want one or couples for your sweetie in South Beach, Wolf-man?” Wolf spins around and sits beside Rochelle staring down at the mini-television screen working the dials in silence. She turns and smiles to Taffy, swinging both of her legs off the bench. “How many more South Beachers are working down in the underground mines? Not mines. Wait! Amita called it, a silo. I wanna help. I can do anything to help. What can I do to help, Taffy?”
Taffy turns and stares at the nose profile on a pale-faced Wolf, asking her questions. “What do you think, over there, Wolf-man? What’s your real name, Wolf person?”
Wolf continues to stare down at the screen and says with a stern face. “The name Wolf-man is fine. I gotta tell you. This active scene on this screen is all messed up. Hico has riled up every sane and insane brain cell into thinking Taffy is a murderess, a fugitive, and a loco poco nut case,” he looks up and winks at Taffy. “Bravo there, girl!”
“Thanks! I think!” Taffy states then snorts wearing a wicked grin.
Wolf grins and points down at the portal electronic devise. “Everyone is talking about taking your person down and then hanging your body by your ten fingernails high up from the tallest tree on the Birmingham Cliffs. Man! I do not want to be in your high heels.”
Rari reaches over and gently slaps his naked bicep, saying with a stern face. “Don’t you hang her, too, Wolf-man! Taffy is a hero to me and my family. She saved my older sister Pemona.”
Taffy sips then swallows the cool beverage. She states. “Actually, Wolf-man, he saved your sister Pemona from one of the un-friends.”
Rari looks down and states with a sad face to the grass blades. “I saw it. We saw the dance competition last night. My daddy won’t allow me to view the screen, this morning, when we saw that Pemona had un-masked last night,” she looks up with a worried brow to see Taffy. “I can’t ask my parents. They’ll freak out. And don’t tattle on me either! Okay?” Wolf looks up and nods to Taffy. Rari exhales with worry then asks. “Did you really kill all these teens? How many teens did you kill? What was like to kill?” She views Taffy then Wolf.
Wolf gasps in shock and then states with a stern face to Rochelle. “Kill or be killed! That’s an old axiom that my daddy taught to me, when I was a little cub. Yeah, I sliced and diced my steel flash blades made of bite-nats paint into all the boney chests, fleshy hearts, and moisture eyeballs. It was not pretty. It was a survival instinct. That kicks in during any deadly dangerous dilemma…”
“Rari,” Taffy softly states then exhales with a puff of worry. “You do not have time to think about that act. You only react to the moment, like Wolf-man tells. I never feared anything so scary. My legs, my fingers, and my heart were shaking the entire time. I couldn’t run. I couldn’t hide. But I could fight for my right to breathe and see Sun Block, the next day.”
Rari gasps in shock then asks with a meek voice. “Do you think I…I might have to fight to breathe to see Sun Block, the next day, Taffy?”
“No!” Taffy firmly says then gasps in horror at the terrible image presenting a sweet smile. “No! You will absolutely not be in that situation, Rari!”
Wolf looks up and says with a frown to Taffy. “You don’t know what’s going to happen next for us, Taffy. We all might have to…”
Taffy swiftly stands upright from the chair and then preforms a lady growl to Wolf, holding the cold beverage, without tossing the liquid in his face. She says with a smile into his silly face of red-tinted bite-nats paint. “No! I said no! We’re smart, smarter than Hico. We’ll figure another way to rid him from South Beach and then return our farm lands back to us. Our parents…”
“…have been kidnapped and carried out from Metro City Birmingham and are currently held hostages by Hico, in South Beach, if McCamy’s facts are correct. That means, we all have to fight to get them out of there…”
“Wolf-man!” Festus shouts and stands on top of the back porch slab waving both of his arms in the air, moving ahead into the flower garden. Wolf swiftly stands from the chair experiencing worry. Taffy swings around to see Festus and feels worry also. Festus stops and stands in front of the iron chair thumbing back over his collar bone, stating with a smile. “Do you mind assisting me with my little pet project, Wolf-man? I got a nice surprise for us, after our supper meal,” he back steps from the three teens and then spins around slowly moving back towards the house environment. Wolf nods with a smile and stands following behind Festus disappearing into the house. Rari slides off the bench and then skips ahead following behind Wolf, disappearing into the house.
Taffy slowly strolls behind Rari feeling both worry and anxious for tomorrow’s encounter with Hico and his army of goonies. She disappears into the house also.


One hour later….

At 04:05 p.m., after the suppertime meal, among the hot air temperatures, with rays of sizzling sunlight, standing inside the living room setting, Wolf squats down and hides behind the mounted television devise rigging the power wires into the wall, standing upright from the floor. He back steps from the screen and the wall standing beside Festus, clapping with a grin, nodding several times. He announces, “I fixed it, sir. Now, everyone, watch the screen!” He presses a button on the remote control devise and says with a smile. “We’re getting a live-action feed coming from Hico, who is staying in the southern portion of South Beach.”
“Sit down, everyone! Let’s see what Hico has planned for tonight’s events.” Festus shouts to the teens then shuffles ahead from the kitchen space sitting in the shared love seat with his wife Almena. Each teen finds a new seat or shares a seat, with their mate, sitting and watches the screen.
Tulu cuddles with McCamy inside a shared oversized chair, near the row of glass windows.
Amita and Baycliff sit side by side, holding hands on top of a long sofa, in front of entrance wall.
Rusk and Pemona sit inside a pair of separate oversized chairs, holding hands together over the floor space as her father Festus watches Rusk with one eyeball on the male teen and the other eyeball on the television screen.
Wolf grabs a seat on the other end of a long white and gray sofa. Rari plants her two short legs in middle of sofa between her father and Wolf. Then she slowly and shyly scoots her entire petite body towards Wolf while giggling with delight, covering her mouth with her dirty finger pads.
Taffy moves ahead from the kitchen space and selects a rocking chair, sitting down, slowly rocking back and forth. She feels isolated, lonely, and sad, without her own boyfriend. She glances at Rusk, who tickles the fingers on Pemona. Then the ancient curved legs on the rocking chair sound with a squeaking of wooden pain. Each pair of eyeballs turns to see Taffy. She slaps both of her naked feet down on the wooden floor, stopping the motion, staring at the rows of silver and gray static on the television screen.
In the early morning hours, on top of Earth’s surface, from the time period of 06:00 a.m. until 08:00 a.m., a person sees a dark black skyline, much like, during the nighttime hours, when a person sleeps for rest inside a bed mattress. Then, like a sack of oven popcorn colonels, at precisely 07:59 a.m., the Sun Block event swiftly burns away the dark matter in atmosphere, making the air wave pop and sizzle from the heated light. Then the rays of heated sunshine glows brightly down burning each crop fields with hot temperature, signaling people to their daily work chores, starting at 08:01 a.m. until 05:59 p.m. at dusk.
The time of dusk resets the Sun Block event presenting another dark matter field, within Earth’s atmosphere, exactly at 06:00 p.m., in the evening, every day.
On the electronic television screen, inside the living room, on Festus Farms, the sky is painted in black hue with an occasion white-tinted strike of heat lighting that dashes across the darkness. The moon is full beaming down bright rays of white hue. Each individual bright star twinkles down over the calm waters and the flat landscape coming from a far distance, within the vast outer space environment.
The center screen displays a square-shaped object covered in streaks and strikes of numerous colors consisting of purple, blue, red, green, orange, pink, and yellow. In the middle of the square object, there is a red painted wooden door leading into a new environment.
In front of the door, Director Hico wears a blue and white-colored, checkered-patterned, long sleeved shirt and a pair of dark colored blue jeans, standing on top of an elevated wooden platform that raises four feet above the ground soil as a new gigantic television screen stands behind Hico.
The screen displays numerous visitors to South Beach, who can hear and see Hico also. The mounted screen slowly rotates around on top of a thick pole as Hico controls the motion with his remote control devise.
Hico wears a cropped head of brown-tinted hair and waves his arm in the air, saying with a smile and a pair violet-colored dancing eyeballs, “I have enjoyed my dinner of fried chicken, buttered mashed potatoes, hot home-made biscuits, and a piece of sweet pecan pie.”
The audience is comprised of numerous other Colonists coming from Grand Rock Valley, North Ridge Mountain, and Swamp Island. Numerous semi-crooked rows of visiting Colonists move around or sit down or stand beside their family members or friends. Each one is either eating or clapping with the other Colonists.
Inside the living room, at Festus Farms, Baycliff states with a confused brow to the screen. “Where’s Hico located at? I can’t tell from the angle of the screen. Its nighttime there at our home also.”
Rusk sneers and points at the screen saying with a nasty timber. “Hico is located in front of our School House. He and his stupid guards have constructed an elevated platform right in front of the red-tinted front door and the row of glass windows. I guess, they covered the windows for some reason with thick wooden boards that matches the colorful paint on the exterior rock walls of our School House. Or they broke out the glass windows and then covered them for some reason. And they also moved the front door. Why do you move a front door? It, now, stands directly behind Hico, which is also four feet above the ground. What’s he doing out there? We should leave now and surprise Hico, Bandits!”
“No!” Taffy yells. “We stay here and watch first. Then we leave tomorrow morning, right after Sun Block.” She continues to sit in the rocking chair and stares with a worried brow at the screen.
The screen slowly turns and then displays miles of crop fields and cow pastures that have not been damaged in the far distance and then halts showing the current ground soil. Numerous rows of unfamiliar faces and huddles of bodies move or stand or sit on top of the ground soil while eating or talking or laughing.
Rusk jabs his finger and growls at the screen saying with another nasty timber. “And the audience members are comprised of other Colonists that have come from Grand Rock Valley, North Ridge Mountain, and Swamp Island. You can see a pale face that is connected to a pale body. Every farmer is dark skinned due to the bright sunshine. And all these unwelcomed visitors are stomping down on my mama’s Rose Garden. Do you remember when, McCamy? Our mother planted a garden in a circle on each side of the School House’s front door, so all the little kids would run into the prickly thorn on each rose stem and then back into the classroom for school, for their school learning skills. That Rose Garden has been there for years and years. I loved seeing the blooming roses, every spring. Now, the roses are gone. These vile people have destroyed the gardens. I hate Hico. I wanna go and tear out his throat,” he starts to growl at the screen.
On the screen, back in South Beach Colony, Hico continues to stand behind the new door and says with a smile to the visitors and audience members. “Is everyone enjoying your visit to South Beach also?” Each audience member continues to move around or stand or sit while applauding with a set of loud hoots, screams, and whistles.
He nods and exclaims, “Excellent! I promised a good time here in South Beach. Did I not? And I do not fib to ya’ll.” Each audience member continues to move or stand or sit while screaming and applauding, after his words.
“At this moment, there is a new dance platform, for our newest deadly competitive, the Huntress and Hunter Games. Ladies are first always!” He laughs with a nod. Each audience member continues to move or stand or sit while applauding, after his words. Hico smiles then states, “The new dance platform is being constructed a mile south of here.”
Inside the living room, on Festus Farms, McCamy continues to sit with Tulu and turns with a nod and a smirk viewing his brother Rusk. Rusk turns and nods back to McCamy in silence and then turns with a wink to see Baycliff. Baycliff turns and nods back to Rusk.
Each teen male holds the secret knowledge that the dance competition platform will rest on top of the flat limestone rock cliff, which is more dangerous to a foe rather than a friend. Each friend returns and stares back at the screen in silence.
On the television screen, back in front of the South Beach School House, Hico smiles then announces, “I estimate the work will be completed in two more days and one more night.” Each audience member continues to move or stand or sit applauding, after his words.
He continues, “I can feel the live energy here. Everyone is both excited and pumped for the fight or flight.” Each audience member continues to move or stand or sit while applauding, after the words.
He shares, “Each entry dance team is anxiously competing for the first whack at our returning champs, the South Beach Bandits.” Each audience member continues to move or stand or sit while applauding after his words.
He explains, “To accommodate the lucky first revel team into the new Huntress and Hunter Games, I have created, the Showcase event,” Hico turns with a smile and nods to Vovina. “The lovely vision of sugar plums, our own Superintendent Vovina will present the Showcase event. Vovina, if you please, come over here and stand next to me, dear. Please explain to our wonderful audience guests here in South Beach and the wonderful viewers there at home.”
On the same elevated platform, in front of a wooden board of multi-colors of purple, pink, green, yellow, and orange paint, a row of folding chairs holds the two remaining superintendents.
South Beach Superintendent Vovina is familiar with the landscape and the leaders from the native Beachers. She slowly stands upright from the folding chair wobbling sideways, balancing her body. She wears a satin-coated, yellow-tinted, long-sleeved blouse with an array of long white-tinted fringed strings bobbing against her big breasts, a blue-colored circular skirt and a pair of blue and yellow-tinted cowgirl boots. She slowly slides sideways from her chair and then stops standing next to Hico, smiling into the screen. Her hair strands are bright red hue in a long ponytail with a silver-tinted tiara on top of her hair roots as the currently fake or false South Beach Rodeo Queen. Her makeup appears in a pink tone with soft purple shades. Her lips are bright red matching her hair strands.
Vovina touches her blouse wearing a short pair of green-tinted leather gloves, flipping a leather whip in the air and nods her ponytail. She says to the nasty visitors within the South Beach Colony, “Thank you, Director Hico! I’m Vovina, your Superintendent here at South Beach. I’m happy to be present here in South Beach with ya’ll and pleased to bring you, the new Huntress and Hunter Games. Ladies are always first!” Each audience member continues to move or stand or sit while applauding, after her words.
She continues, “Our first rival team against these big and bad South Beach Bandits will be the grand winner of our Showcase event. The Showcase event will invite all of the competitive teams, or teens in this case, to show off their best creative mind imagination of teenly intellect using all their bite-nats paint talents.” Each audience member continues to move or stand or sit while applauding, after her words.
“Your team will come up with a wild and crazy Showcase theme, for your individual team Showcase to show-off, to a new team of Showcase judges. That’s me and the other staff members from Metro City Birmingham’s office administration. Then, the best theme wins the first whack at the big and bad South Beach Bandits. Thank you!” She tosses a set of pretend kisses at the camera lens and then drops both of her hands slapping her skirt with the leather whip, standing beside Hico. She smiles in silence. Each audience member continues to move or stand or sit while applauding, after her words.
Hico leans over and shoves Vovina away from his body, facing the audience, waving both of his arms in the air. He chuckles then states with a smile. “Thank you so much, Superintendent Vovina. There! You have heard the Showcase event explanation and instructions. Tomorrow, you will set up your team exhibition using any expectable theme, that a teen mind can mustard. Then, we will judge each team exhibition, later in the afternoon, selecting the rival team for the new Huntress and Hunter Games starting later that night, which will go up against the reigning champions, the big and bad South Beach Bandits. But right here and right now, enjoy the bright sunray and the sizzling heat before Sun Block is upon us at 05:59 p.m. So, adieu, until tomorrow morning, after the morning’s Sun Block!” He stands and laughs out loud with an evil tone wearing a wicked grin. Each audience member continues to move or stand or sit while applauding, after his words.
The television screen flashes into a black tint and then displays the interior rooms inside the School House building. On top of a wooden floor, five teenagers stand against a wall of boarded windows without smiling and stare into the camera lens. The camera lens is located on the mounted gigantic television screen on the opposite wall. The striking teen male possesses a tall body, a head of cropped blonde-colored hair, a pair of blue colored eyes, a tone of bronze skin, and is named Hixson, who stands in middle of the four other younger pre-teens and teens.
Inside the living room, at Festus Farms, Taffy swiftly stands upright from the chair as the rocking chair sounds with squeaks. She jabs her finger at the screen and screams out loud with a worried brow, “Hixson! He’s not part of the South Beach Bandits. That’s us, not him. He didn’t dance or fight or kill or compete last night or this morning within the team of South Beach Bandits. We did. We did. He didn’t. He didn’t. And we ain’t there to participate in Hico’s new freak show event either. So, Hico has replaced us by endangering more teens within his crazy dance competition. That is now renamed as the Huntress and Hunter Games,” she stomps both her bare feet and waves both of her arms in the air shouting out loud again, wearing with a sour frown. “We have to stop this madman right here and right now!” She drops both of her arms and slaps her legs fuming in her teenly anger, inflaming both of her nostrils, for the upcoming fight then death of Hico. She snarls at the television screen.
“I only recognized the beaten and bloody face on our childhood friend Hixson. Who are the rest of those pre-teens? Do they really live here in South Beach?” Rusk asks wearing his worried brow and continues to sit alone in his chair, exhaling with his head nod of concern and feet at the television screen.
Pemona continues to sit and leans over the floor pointing at the screen, sounding with a gasp. She shouts out loud, “Her! I recognize her face inside that tiny room. She is named Gaylee. Do you know Gaylee, Mama? She lives here and attends school with Rari. She’s only fourteen years old, too, Mama. She’s a baby, Mama.” She turns and frowns with worry to her mother. 
“Pemona, you’re my baby girl, until my time is over for me.” Almena replies back and continues to sit beside her husband studying the screen and each teen representing the new team of South Beach Bandits.
Amita continues to sit beside Baycliff and stares at the screen, saying with a stern face. “Hico always wanted to add the younger teens, who less than sixteen years old within the Apprenticeship Program. I guess, he has gotten his wonderful wish.”
Tulu gasps in shock and states with a worried brow. “Yeah, I agree to help with whatever I can. But we need a good plan that saves everyone,” she turns and nods to McCamy. “Everyone has to be saved, McCamy.” She leans over and hugs her beau. McCamy leans down and kisses her sweet-smelling honeysuckle black-tinted hair roots then exhales with worry for all natives living within the South Beach Colony.
“Baycliff!” Taffy turns and states to her friend.
“Taffy!” Baycliff turns and winks at Taffy.
“Cough up a brilliant plan, Baycliff!” She states with a nod and a smile. He places both of his cupped fists over his open mouth coughing out loud and then chuckles with some of the other teens, dropping his fist and places one arm his girl Amita.
Taffy says. “O! He’s sick, mentally. I didn’t know. So, I’ll do it. How about…” She gasps in realization. “The rival team fights against our friend Hixson and his South Beach Bandits, isn’t that right?” Each teen nods in silence to her. She smiles, “Most likely the rival team isn’t going to be another set of teens coming from the South Beach farms.”
Wolf states with a nod. “Knowing Hico, like we all do. The first rival team to fight will be team mates making up a Rider team. A Rider is born tough, rough, big, and mean. They’ll tear those younger South Beachers apart.”
“Except for our friend Hixson, he can hold his own.” Baycliff states then laughs with a nod.
Wolf shakes his skull and softly chuckles at the lame idea of one single Bandit against a posse of five Riders.
“Well, this is a fine opportunity for the ex-band of South Beach Bandits to collect, control, and conquer the new Huntress and Hunter Games.” Rusk states with a nod and a smile to his friends. “We can’t let Hico win anything. We can’t let those other teens die, in place of us.”
Baycliff laughs first then states with a grin, slapping his chest. “Well, I personally plan not to die, there, Rusk. I plan to replace them with you, hoss,” he leans over and fist-bumps with McCamy dropping his arm back around his girl Amita, softly chuckling with the delight of fighting and killing Dictator Hico and his evil sidekick Superintendent Kodare.
“Taffy!” Tulu yells with worry and shakes her curls.
Taffy slaps her chest and states with a smile. “I’m the leader of the South Beach Bandits. So, all of us around this room will not let that happen, warty she-toad,” she smiles at her sister Tulu and then winks at McCamy. “Ain’t that right, warty he-toad?” McCamy cuddles Tulu and whispers into her sad face using with his smart words. Taffy nods. “Ain’t that right, Wolf-man?” Wolf nods in silence to Taffy. She nods again. “Hico will fix it that the rival team will be identified as another gang of North Ridge Mountain Riders, who will fight against our neighbors…”
“…and friends…” Rochelle states with a meek voice and hugs her father.
Taffy states, “But Hico is pretending to be a cool diplomat while creating that dumb Showcase event. He plans to reward the first revel team to the Rider team, so they can beat up on Hixson and the other teens for the win. However, we’re going to be that winning rival team instead, by entering this thing, which is called a Showcase, and then we win it all. Then, we don’t fight against our own kind, South Beach Bandits. Then we peacefully surrender to Hico at the beginning of the Huntress and Hunter Game. Ladies are always first!” She laughs then continues. “So, us and no other persons get hurt, harmed, or humbled,” she cheers along with the other teens.
Tulu swiftly stands, parting from McCamy, and bounces up and down, clapping with her smile. She yells, “Hurray! Hurray, Taffy! That’s a great plan and everyone will live…”
“…including me…” Baycliff states leaning over and cuddles Amita, saying with laughter, “And you, too, honey bell!”
“That’s a brilliant scheme, Plan Mistress!” McCamy states with a nod and slowly stands beside his girl Tulu, clapping for Taffy. “Then, I go and tell my daddy to bring his shotgun, so he can finish gift wrapping Hico for our Christmas delivery, on the first night of the Huntress and Hunter Games, with the two winning teams of South Beachers.” He leans over and fist-bumps with Baycliff as they both roar with loud laughter.
Festus slowly stands upright from the loveseat with his wife and claps with his smile, saying to each teen. “All right! All right!” He stops clapping and lifts both of his palms near his jaw line. “We need to make swift plans preparing for your new rescue mission. First off, you can’t drive on the ugly semi-paved roadway, without the discovery of that Metro City Birmingham van. You need a set of new rides. I have the perfect solution. Boys, come along and follow me!” He spins around with a chuckle and leads the male teens through the kitchen space disappearing on the back porch door within the warm night air.
Inside the living room setting, Baycliff leans over and punches the bicep on McCamy, wearing a smile and a nod. McCamy nods in silence. Baycliff spins around and squats down on top of the floor, leaning over towards the chapped lips on Amita. She tosses her face to the side. He gently kisses her dirty cheekbone and then pulls back with a smile, wiping the dirt from his soft lips. He winks at her cheekbone. He stands upright from the floor and then spins around with a smile leaving behind Amita, strutting ahead towards the kitchen space and follows behind Farmer Festus.
On top of the floor, in front of the single oversized chair, McCamy hugs Tulu, closing his two eyelids, planting his skull on top of her sweet-smelling black-tinted hair roots with a honeysuckle fragrance, exhaling with love. He pulls back and opens his two eyelids, leaning down, kissing her forehead, her nose bridge, her cheekbone, and finally her soft pink lips. They pull back and wear a goofy smile of love. He leans down and whispers a quick set of secret words into her face, wearing a grin, pulling back and stands upright with a wink at his girl. He spins around with a grin and struts ahead, following Baycliff in the kitchen space for another fun surprise from Farmer Festus.
On top of the floor, standing in front of his chair, Rusk leans over and hugs on Pemona, gently pecking her smooth cheekbone, in front of her mother Almena, and then pulls back with a wink. She giggles at his silly cowboy moves. He pivots around and wears a silly smirk following behind his twin brother McCamy.
Wolf slowly stands upright from the shared sofa with Rari and then turns with a smile facing the open archway in the kitchen door frame. Rari scoots ahead and then blocks him while winking with a smile at the older teen. He grunts with a funny animal sound at her, for fun, and then winks with a chuckle scooting around the younger teenager, moving ahead with a smile. Almena didn’t see the silly flirtation. Rari giggles and then covers her open mouth with both of her dirty hands.
Wolf follows behind Rusk and exits the living room entering into the kitchen. He continues ahead and exits the house, following a line of individual back spines across the side porch, over the grass, and into a new building.


Garage Building location
Laboratory setting
04:38 p.m.
Hot temperatures with dark skies
   bright stars and moonlight rays


Festus stops and stands in front of a one-story, square-shaped wooden building presenting three different very large metal garage doors. He reaches down and grabs the handle lifting the closest garage door upright, revealing a new rectangular-shaped storage room, 25 feet high by 55 feet wide by 42 feet long. He enters inside and points around the room sounding with a set of chuckles. 
He states, “Boys, welcome to my laboratory! Almena don’t like me staining the dull non-polished wooden floors that she laid down last summer in the living room with any of my messy inventions.” Each teen moves ahead and scans the room wearing a smile in silence.
He stops and stands beside the first object reaching out, gently patting the metal frame on a low sitting vehicle that looks similar to an ancient old-fashioned golf cart, without a roof. He turns to face the wondering teen males and states with a smile, “I call this vehicle, a terrain machine or land, not water or sky machine. Each terrain machine is four feet and three inches high, which is shorter than my wife. And each terrain machine is four feet and three inches across the metal frame body but not wider than my wife.” He softly chuckles.
He continues. “And finally, each terrain machine is seven feet long with a three feet of cargo storage. Okay! It’s a lame joke. But my set of metal babies ain’t no joke here. Each terrain machine runs on a pail of steam pumped creek fresh water, which is newly patented by me,” He chuckles again then says. “Heated water is generated for the gears inside the engine tank that creates a vacuum of condensation atmospheric steam that forces or blows like an ocean breeze, or in this case, the vehicle moves in motion, in any direction.”
Baycliff stands behind the entrance wall and smiles at all the fascinating shiny, pointy dangerous objects inside the garage space, reaching out, grabbing an old-fashioned fencing saber. He lifts the weapon in the air swinging it to the left then to the right, dancing it back and front while listening to Farmer Festus. He states with a snarled face and a nasty timber, “I prefer to find the direction of Dictator Hico.”
The skeleton framed on each terrain machine is colored in grayish-black with a T-bone shaped metal roof, without a rooftop, displaying two side doors, two rear doors, and a lid cover over the cargo storage box. A set of two naked worn and faded leather seats in beige hue and a gray tinted scratched up metal hood that covers the powerful engine. Four gray-tinted, dull-looking, metal fenders cover each wheel. Each wheel measures nineteen inches in black-tinted rubber in the front and twenty-one inches on two rear black rubber tires. A water tank is stored outside beside the cargo bed.
Rusk reaches over with a grin and touches the rough metal outline on the topless vehicle while admiring the home-made workmanship. He narrates to all eardrums, “The history of a steam engine dates back to Ancient Roman historical period times. Each driver drives a kart on top of an ancient street with a set of four wheel grooves cut into the dirt road for a smoother ride. Then, the steering or strolling or rolling movement from an upright person pulling a cart for work to a draft horse pulling a transport evolved during the Coal Mine Era, within the country of England, in the year 1630 A.D., not B.C. A system developed, where a wagon with four iron wheels rode on top of a wooden track that was pulled by animal power, meaning a horse, not jack-hole Baycliff.” He laughs with the three other teens. Baycliff stops the fencing moves with his new saber and then hisses at the rear hairy skull on Rusk.
Rusk smiles then says, “The set of wooden tracks gave way to a more efficient set of iron tracks, in the year 1776, in the town of Sheffield, within the country of England. The first steam train was invented by Richard Trevithick, in the year 1804, and it hauled a cargo of raw coal to the town of Penydarrn, within the country of South Wales. The first steam train rode on top of iron tracks featuring an inner furnace,” he moves ahead and then stops lifting up the metal hood on the terrain machine, examining the engine parts. “Your terrain machine is very similar to the first stream train, Festus.”
“Give that young man a quarter, made of ten percent silver, if you can find a damn quarter.” Festus states, “Come over here and have a seat inside my new terrain machine, McCamy!”
McCamy shuffles ahead with his smile then slides down in the rough driver’s seat banging both of his naked palms on the worn leather steering wheel. He leans down touching the floor stick for a three-speed transmission on the terrain machine. On the floor stick, the letter of P is for park; the letter of D is drive, and the letter of R is for reverse. He pumps his foot on the brake pedal first and then the drive pedal next while testing the mechanisms of the new driving/riding vehicle.
Festus states. “The terrain machine floors at a maximum speed of forty miles-per-hour. But it can’t outrun one of my quarter horses. I’m afraid.”
“Then, let’s use a horse for faster transportation. My fists are anxious to meet Hico.” Wolf states with a nasty tone leaning over and grabs the new object, lifting an old-fashioned golf club in the air. He examines the purpose of the weapon first. Then he lands the thick head down on top the concrete floor swinging it side to side, chuckling with an evil tone as he pretends the human skull of Hico stands there on the floor.
“Naw! A galloping horse requires rest, shelter, food, and water. I’m just guessing here. We can’t house Festus’s horses at our daddy’s barn stables, either, since Hico might be spying on our daddy and mama, watching and waiting for us to show up. Good odds! We show up on a horse as each one of us is an excellent rider.” Rusk states with a firm tone then turns to see Wolf.
Wolf nods with a chuckle and continues to practice his swing with the golf club, slamming the invisible skull on Hico.
Rusk chuckles first then states. “Except for Baycliff, of course, he can’t ride a tricycle, without a set of training wheels,” he laughs with the other teens.
Baycliff states. “Hear that, hoss!” Wolf continues to swing the golf club at the invisible head on Hico and chuckles at the funny conversation.
“And he can’t talk using a set of proper pronouns neither.” Rusk states then laughs.
Festus points at the terrain machine and says with a stern face. “Back to business, boys! The terrain machine totes two adults easily with the use of the safety webbing that holds each folded body in place. There’s a foot brake activation system which is connected to the larger twenty-one inched rear tires for mud traction, on the South Beach wild terrain, and then moving around the huge open and deep potholes here within the roadways. Twin headlights and taillights also operate on each terrain machine.” He points at the starter. “This red-tinted button starts the engine. All the running accessories use steam vapors which is a slower ride on top of a rough road. But you’ll get there safely. I would suggest a balance weight mixture of a heavy boy and a light girl as the two passengers inside the kart seats. You’ll get better water mileage and quicker travel time to your final destination.”
“I got daddy’s permission, Rusky.” Wolf states with a smile reaching over with a chuckle and fist-bumps with Rusk.
Festus turns and wears his sour frown, saying to Wolf. “I will pretend that I didn’t hear that silly statement about my youngest daughter, Wolf-man.” Wolf gasps in shock and views Festus. Rusk shakes his bone skull and wears a stern face to a silly Wolf.
Festus returns back with a stern face and leans down grabbing an item inside one of the terrain machines. He views and states to the male teens, “I have four working terrain machines. The four machines can carry eight people and runs at a maximum speed of 40 miles-per-hour. The land distance is fifteen miles from northern South Beach to the starting edge of southern South Beach. So, you can putt-putt at an adjusted speed of 35 miles-per-hour while taking into account here, one heavy body and one light body. That gives you about 42 minutes and eight seconds for your arrival time at the farthest point away from the Birmingham Cliffs.” He holds up the new object near his jaw line. “You wear a pair of driving goggles for the daylight hours. But you also must wear a black tinted helmet, if you run between the Sun Block times. Sun rays can blind you permanently, if it hits the eyeball’s retina at the right angle.”
He shakes his skull then shares. “I experience that medical condition with some of the dumber cows that graze during sunrise or sunset. They are eaten first, since they can’t wander around getting fat for a good supper meal. Or they’ll become a yummy filler for all of my hungry dogs. So, use the helmet! Does everyone understand me?” Each teen nods in silence. Fester smiles. “Excellent! Safety comes first. Or become as safe as you can, with your young teen bodies! Grant this, I’m guessing here. Based on that broadcast news from Hico, he’s building a platform…”
“…over our daddy’s land…” McCamy states with a nasty timber and leans over with a stern face cranking the cold engine, hearing the purr of the motor. He lifts his arm in the air and displays the ‘thumbs up’ signal while chuckling in amusement at the working terrain ride.

At 05:01 p.m., Festus stands in front of a row of terrain machines and shouts with victory, tossing both of his arms into the air. “Gentlemen, start your engines!” He chuckles and guides around the first terrain machine exiting the laboratory through the wide garage door archway, side stepping into the wall and watches each one of his home-made built terrain machines.
Inside the laboratory space, Wolf dashes ahead and slides down in the passenger seat beside driver McCamy, waving his golf club on the side, in the air, while laughing out loud with delight. McCamy shifts the floor stick with a chuckle into the letter of D for drive slowly steering first through the open garage archway door.
Rusk and Baycliff dash ahead and load into an individual terrain machine. Driver Rusk cranks the engine and hears the purring sound of the motor. Each terrain machine slowly steers from the laboratory room traveling into a fading sunlight on top of the dirt road for a quick teenly fun adventure.

At 05:03 p.m., after all the female teens had quickly assisted cleaning up the supper dishes, a petite, grayish-brown haired, 50-year-old Almena looks like her older daughter Pemona and leads all the girls into a new room, entering through the archway and side steps, pointing at the table. Each teen female moves ahead and sits down around the large wooden table.
The playroom design displays three pink or purple tinted painted walls and measures 30 feet long by 18 feet high by 25 feet wide. One side wall holds a solid reflection mirror. The opposite side wall displays a living room setting containing three long sofas and six oversized sitting chairs against a purple tinted wall. The entrance wall displays both tall and low wooden cabinets on a pink-painted wooden wall. The forward wall holds a set of glass patio doors viewing the western sunset. The doors lead onto a brown-bricked outdoor patio. In the middle of the room, a large round table stands alone, which is surrounded by numerous plain wooden hard-back chairs.
Almena moves ahead and then stops blocking the patio doors, pulling dark drape curtains across the glass window while blocking out the upcoming Sun Block rays that will present at start of the night time period, in the South Beach Colony, within Metro City Birmingham territory.
In the early morning hours, on top of Earth’s surface, from the time period of 05:00 a.m. until 05:58 a.m., a person sees a dark black skyline, much like, during the nighttime hours, when a person sleeps for rest inside a bed mattress. Then, like a sack of oven popcorn colonels, at precisely 05:59 a.m., the Sun Block event swiftly burns away the dark matter in atmosphere, making the air wave pop and sizzle from the heated light. Then the rays of heated sunshine glows brightly down burning each crop fields with hot temperature, signaling people to their daily work chores, starting at 06:00 a.m. until 05:58 p.m. at dusk.
The time of dusk resets the Sun Block event presenting another dark matter field, within Earth’s atmosphere, exactly at 06:00 p.m., in the evening, every day.
“Mama, this is the boring playroom, for a little kid, to play inside. I’m a teen, not a little kid.” Rari says then stops with her sour frown and stands inside the open archway, parking both of his fists on her narrow hips, staring at her mother.
Almena spins around, moves ahead, then stops leaning over the collar bone of Amita, covering the skinny girl with a white tinted blanket, protecting her from the interior cold air molecules that bombard the playroom for comfort. She whispers into the eardrum on Amita. “You need to rest starting now. You will be leaving during the very early morning hours, before Sun Block, heading back home. You need to be ready and alert. I don’t know what awaits you, but you must be rested for the trip, Amita.”
Amita stands a few feet in the room setting and does not comment spinning around and starts to slowly exit the room. Almena leads Amita into one of spare bedrooms for a period of rest to heal her weakened teenly body.
Inside the playroom setting, Rari moves ahead then stops, sliding down, bounces up and down in the chair at shared wooden table surface and says with a smile to the older teen girls. “I wanna help too. When you all go into deeper into the South Beach Colony tomorrow, my mama will approve for me to leave, if you tell her. Taffy and Tulu, tell my mama that I’m needed to fight…”
“No!” Pemona yells and shakes her brown curls standing at the table, wearing a stern face, “No way, Rari! You stay right here on the farm along with our parents! Our mama needs you here to watch over the horses, the gardens, and the place along with our daddy. He needs you here too.”
“Rari!” An invisible body of Almena shouts out loud for her daughter.
“Do not mention this to our mother, Rari!” Pemona says with a nod to her baby sister.
Almena returns back into the room and totes a brown-tinted picnic basket stopping at the table, placing the heavy item on top of the table while panting heavy breaths. She says, “I hope each one of you don’t mind my help here. Since I had sent my oldest daughter into the Apprenticeship Program while ignorant of the danger and more ignorant of Dictator Hico. I have some ideas that I’d like to share with ya’ll. Please bear with me. I am the adult. You are the teens. As a mother, I possess these maternal instincts that don’t go away as I continue to help both my daughters and my new pseudo-daughters.” She swings around and moves ahead towards the table wiping the moist tears from her two eye sockets, feeling worries for her family members and sadness for the other dead teens. She stops and stands in front of the wall of cabinets opening each drawer, finding all the needed supplies. “You need to focus on a well-known strategy for this Showcase event. I do not think that we need a super duper presentation. Do you possess any cool ideas, ladies?” She back steps from the open drawer holding an armful of supplies, slowly spinning around, moving back to the table with the teens.
At the table, Taffy continues to sit and stares saying with a smile to each teen. “We should eliminate the more popular entertainment and teenly themes that are not going to impress Hico like…”
“…cowgirls! Because we cannot be imitated or intimidated or eliminated. Yeehaw!” Tulu yells lifting both of her short arms in the air then laughs with the other teens.
“Right, girlfriend!” Pemona states with a smile leaning over and performs a fist-bump with Tulu as they giggle and stand in place dancing their hips for fun. They both sit and smile.
Taffy smiles then states, “All right! That’s a good start, Tulu. We do not wanna become cowboys or Indians or dinosaurs or circus performers, or musical artists…”
“…or dancers…” Rari states with laughter then gasps in alarm slapping both of her palms over her open mouth. She mumbles her words, “Sorry! I wanna help…”
“Your help is welcomed, here, Rari. Just keep helping!” Taffy states.
“Mama, I wanna…” Rari comments turning to frown at her mother.
Almena stops and stands at the table spilling the supplies over the hard surface, reaching over, patting the brown-colored hair roots on her younger daughter and says. “Come and help me pass out the stack of glossy pictures around the table to each girl, Rari. I have a set of glossy photographs from the ancient historical Victorian Period, within the country of Great British, when her royal Majesty Queen Victoria was crowned, in the year 1837 A.D, not B.C., and ruled as the queen, until her death in the year 1901. Over sixty years, the queen and her era had been considered the longest historical time period of peace, prosperity, refined sensibilities, and elegance within England’s empire as one of the world leaders. This Victorian Period included new styles of art work, architecture, culture, and couture.” She sees a weird face from each teen and then laughs with a nod. “The word, couture, means dresses for girls and jackets for guys.”
“O! These pictures are so pretty and are called…” Rari states with a smile and views the first glossy picture flinging the short stacks of photograph on top of the hard surface, in front of each teen. “O! These are so pretty and are called…”
Aleman stands between the two chairs, with two teens, and says. “Each glossy picture wears a white lacey corset on the top of the girl’s breasts going down to the bottom of her fitted waistline. The upper body corset flows down into a rich brown-tinted, bustle-wrapped, floor-length dress coming down from the girl’s waistline, going into a pair of ankle leather boots. The girl wears a cute rich brown-colored tea-topper hat on the side of her bone skull near her ear point, sliding sexy over her right-sided eyebrow. A corset was used during this period, within the Victorian time frame, making a female’s waist small, smaller, and finally smallest. A corset was worn underneath a short waist jacket filled with a frilly feminine blouse of white hue for an elegant shape and a set of short sexy movements for her gent.” Almena winks at Taffy and leans over pulling out individual rusty cans glittering in different colored paint hue from the picnic basket. “What do you think, girls?”
“Bite-nats! You possess cans of bite-nats paint. Mama, where did these cans from?” Pemona asks and reaches over lifting up one of the rusty tin cans smeared in brown-tinted bite-nats paint in the air, studying the item.
Almena ignores the question and continues to remove each can from the basket then says. “What do you think of my idea for a Victorian Showcase to impress Hico?”
“I like the frilly blouse and a long gathered skirt with a wrapped bow in rear of my dress making me look both elegant and girly.” Rari stands beside the table between the two chairs and continues to smile down at the Victorian assembly that represents a graceful female, in the year 1840 A.D.
“Where do we store our weapons? We need a set of killing weapons for defending ourselves against the first rival team.” Taffy states with her stern face and studies a stack of glossy pictures between her hands, flipping each one to the side.
Aleman continues to stand between the teens and exhales with a nod saying with a firm tone. “Yes, you do! First, practice drawing your Victorian clothes on your body, for the showy exhibition tomorrow. Then, you can find a place somewhere for that dangerous items later,” she reaches down and shuffles the supplies to each teen saying with a smile. “Grab one of the free-standing mirrors in the center of the table. Find your favorite painted color on the can. Grab a brush. Pull back your natural hair into a tight bun behind the nape of your neck. Then paint your hat around the crown of your bone skull only.”
Taffy reaches out and grabs one of the brushes and a small canister of yellow bite-nats paint, drawing in front of her chest. She opens the can and then dips the brush down into the glittering paint. She carefully lifts the brush and then encircles the tip of wet brush around the edge of her forehead carrying the yellow paint back towards the rear of her bone skull. Then she thickens the edge of the circle that represents the rim of her tea-topper hat and also thickens the center of her bone skull which is the center of the hat with a set of straight lines of red, green and blue bite-nats paint.
She drops down the brush on top of the hard wood table and then mentally performs the think object: hat.
A cute, yellow-tinted, tiny, tea-topper hat, with a series of vertical stripes consisting of red, green, and blue encircles the topper. She leans down and smiles into a free-standing mirror giggling at the tiny hat on top of her natural brown-tinted pixie hairstyle.
Pemona wears her long brown tinted hair in a low ponytail and paints on a bite-nats blue-colored tea-topper hat with rows of white-tinted horizontal stripes going around the outside of the hat. Within each row, a set of individual tiny red-colored displays heart symbols. Finally, a single red-tinted flower sticks out from the left side on her newly created bite-nats hat.
Rari colors an orange-tinted flat pancake on top of her black-tinted hair roots which does not inflate into a proper tea topper hat, yelling with her sour frown, “Mama!”
Tulu pulls back her hair into a low ponytail then paints on a solid white mini-topper hat over her bone skull, tilting the hat to the left side, on her face, almost down to her ear tip. The hat is covered with a thin white veil over her left-sided eye socket and as she smiles at her new bite-nats creation in her small reflection mirror.
Taffy reaches up and touches each one of her earlobes then chuckles. She says. “Look at my twin tiny inches of sharp daggers that I made from the black-tinted bite-nats that point downwards from each one of my earlobes. If I jerk it off one and then place the smooth earring inside the center of my palm, then I pivot the sharp metal tip forward and stab the black heart on Hico. So, I got myself a new baby weapon,” she laughs with the other teens.
“I like.” Pemona reaches over and grabs a red-tinted bite-nats paint canister, splashing a dash of color onto each one of her earlobes also. She mentally performs the think object: daggers.
Pemona stares in the mirror, swirling her hairy skull to the left and then to the right and as each dangling red-tinted earring in the shape of a dagger guides back and forth against her swam neck.
Almena slowly paces around the table surface and surveys each teen, saying with a smile and a nod. “Each one of you are exhibiting an excellent job, so far, girls.” She reaches out and grabs a stack of glossy photographs, waving them in the air. “This stack holds numerous ideas for an individual jacket style and texture. You can choose from an elegant tuxedo jacket with a turned down neck collar that is edged in black hue for an impressive true aristocrat princess of the time. Or maybe, you wanna try a rag-tag mesh-mash of pieces with this unique leather corset that doesn’t match the long wool fishtail skirt, if you dare to wear this.” She giggles. “The skin baring and scantily clad single body hugging leather or lacey pure white corset on top of a matching leather-made bustle, floor-length skirt had been used for a girl’s wedding day within ancient Victorian England.”
“Is this really a wedding dress, Mama?” Rari askes and points at the glossy colored photograph and then sounds with a gasp of shock.
“Do you see the tiny veil? The veil hides most of her face. The lacey-looking necklace covers her naked throat like a pearl choker.” Almena states and points at the same glossy colored photograph too. “This is one Victorian wedding garment. There are lots of other styles and patterns within the pages of the ripped photographs, so pick the one from the past history of Great Britain.” She flips through some of the photos and states with a grin. “O! Don’t forget to paint on a pair of fishnet wrist gloves over each naked hand and a pair of leather boots on each naked foot for that extra kick into Hico’s tender shins.” She laughs with the girls then states. “So, get painting on your new Victorian outfit, girls! Let’s see what you create!”

At 05:48 p.m., inside the garage setting, each terrain machine carefully returns back to the building and then enters the laboratory room, one-at-a time, forming a vertical line, stopping in front of the forward wall. Each driver powers down the engine.
Festus stands to the side on the forward wall a few feet away the first parked terrain machine then presses the button. The garage door lowers down to protect all eyeballs and eardrums from the Sun Block event while ending the long heated day, starting the long heated night. He orders, “Pop the hood, boys. Fill up the engine with the portal water canister,” he moves ahead and presents a filled portal water canister and then stops leaning down, lifting up the engine hood first on McCamy’s terrain machine. McCamy slides off the seat and moves ahead standing beside Festus along with his new friend Wolf. Festus hands the full portal water canister to McCamy.
McCamy unscrews the water tank and then pours the water down inside the heated engine, pulling the canister back from the engine. He and Wolf stand between Festus, surveying the engine with a smile. Wolf reaches up and gently drops the engine hood back in place.
Festus back steps from the two teens and points at the engine hood, saying with a nod. “Any clear substitute can be used as the combustion…”
“…like Hixson’s beer…” Baycliff shouts with a smile then laughs with the other teens slamming back down the engine hood on his terrain machine, after re-filling the tank with water from his portal water canister also.
“Even Hixson’s beer doesn’t combust inside Hixson.” Rusk states with a grin and gently shuts back down the engine hood, after re-filling the tank with his portal water canister on his terrain machine.
Festus turns and inspects each engine work, chuckling with a nod, stating with a firm tone. “No beer, boys! I see that I need to clarify academically, that the only clear liquid is and should only be fresh water. There are plenty of water resources coming from the woodland streams, the fresh water ponds, and your property spring water wells or any clean household drinking or bath water…”
“Hixson don’t bath either!” Rusk states then back steps from the vehicle laughing with the other teens, spinning around and moving back to the forward wall. The wall presents a row of wash sinks for cleaning the human body parts and then stops. He reaches down and spanks the sink faucet refilling the portal water canister for tomorrow’s travel, heading into the heart of South Beach, where Hico both stays and plays along with his small army of Insect bite-nats, face-masked, unknown but nasty and dangerous body guards.
Baycliff spins around with laughter and shuffles ahead stopping and stands beside Rust. He reaches over and slapping the sink faucet refilling his portal water canister for the trip tomorrow morning. He says, “Hixson does wash off his nasty body and then drains all the dirty water back down into his beer tank. That’s the secret ingredient of good-tasting, belly-belching beer, boys!” He roars with loud laughter along with his friends.
Festus exhales with a puff of annoyance at the silly male teens then states with his stern face. “The clean water runs the steam engine gears. The internal water tank holds precisely sixty gallons while traveling at a maximum speed of forty miles-per-hour. You will go about fifty miles from point A to point B,” he moves ahead and scoots around the first parked terrain machine and then stops, standing in the rear cargo bed, patting the external tank of the water behind the rear seats. He states with a nod. “This external tank of water holds fifty gallons which should be enough get you out of most any trouble, even if there’s an urgent emergency.”
McCamy moves ahead and holds his filled portal water canister and then stops in front of the driver’s seat, reaching out, patting the metal frame. He states. “Thanks for everything, Festus! We joke and spit for fun. But we really appreciative all of your help, your food, your floor, and your new four transports.” He moves ahead then mounts the water canister on the rear mount, extending his hand to Festus, who accepts and shakes it, McCamy releases the handshake and says with a stern face and a nod. “We plan to leave, right after the Sun Block event, a little after six o’clock in the morning. We don’t wanna take a chance of missing the turnoff into the limestone Birmingham Cliffs,” he laughs with the other South Beach teens.
Festus Farms is located due north of the Birmingham Cliffs. If you drive due south, then you stop your transport or horse at the limestone powdered cliffs of Birmingham, right before Ebro Farms and right after Thelee Farms that borders between the seams on the infamous flat limestone rock cliffs. However, if you, for some strange reason, miss the cliffs, then you and your horse will drive off the tabletop cliff plummeting down into the warm, man-eating fish infected waters of the Gulf of Mexico foreverly as a yummy treat for the wild aquatic sea creatures.
Festus shakes his long curls and waves both of his palms near his jaw line saying with a smile. “Don’t think that’s a good-bye or a farewell speech from me, McCamy. Hico has ignited all of us, South Beachers into warfare. Almena and I’ll be there, arriving on the first night of that new and dangerous Huntress and Hunter Games and we will be loaded down and bringing up our set of nasty big shotguns and all of our pretty little hand pistols. Hico is in for a very big surprise from the real South Beach Bandits,” he laughs with the teens. “Leave your portal water canister on the floor near your terrain machine. I’ll secure the canister onto the trunk compartment for you.”
Wolf appears between the row of terrain machines, demonstrating a new toy wrapped around his naked forearm. He reaches out and attacks the naked bicep on Baycliff, sounding with hardy laughter.
Baycliff leans down on the floor and grabs a new object, jerking an old-fashion wooden baseball bat from the corner wall, spinning around. He swings the baseball bat sounding with a loud grunt at Wolf. Wolf lifts up his metal arm and covers his face, stepping backward from the impact of the wood on the metal. Small pieces of fluttering wood particles dance in the air waves and then land down on top of the concrete surface.
Wolf stomps forward and sneers at Baycliff, feeling some slight pain, where the metal is squeezing into his naked skin tissue and muscle.
Baycliff lowers the baseball bat with laughter then frowns while carefully examining the metal arm on Wolf, looking down at missing chips on the wooden bat and gasps in shock. He asks, “What’s that, Festus?” He continues to study metal arm on Wolf.
The brown-tinted metal encompasses the upper bicep down to the middle finger on Wolf’s naked arm. Wolf slowly bends his elbow and then flexes the metal at his wrist bone while wiggling the metal fingers. The metal gleams in a dull brass tone and holds a set of individual tiny movable objects, such as, wagon wheels, hollow round dials, spinning spiked circles, and numerous horizontal and vertical pockets that hide a set of tiny and large sharp true steel man-made knives. The finger knuckles are etched with a set of brass rings that can cause intense pain, from a deadly punch, onto both human flesh and bone.
Rusk moves ahead, stops, and stands beside Wolf, pointing down at the object, saying with a smile. “That piece of metal is a very good representative showing an external arm prosthetic.”
“Correct there, Rusky!” Wolf states then whips his arm prosthetic around in the air waves, for fun, as McCamy, Baycliff, Rusk, and Festus huddle closer for a look-see.
Festus points at the metal arm and explains. “The arm does not contain any muscles or blood or human tissue. It is pure metal made of brass and is controlled by your finger pads which synchronizes the motion of the metal joints at the wrist bone and the set of five life-like fingers which also is not an electronic microprocessor…”
“Make me crow!” Baycliff repeats the strange word then laughs out loud at the confusing foreign sounds.
Festus states with a nod, “Microprocessor, that’s an old buzz word coming from an older gentleman.” He reaches up and touches the smooth part on Wolf’s prosthetic arm. “Do you see this here? There is no skin to cut, no bones to break, and no hair to pull. This is the perfect weapon to win a fight.”
The garage door opens without a sound. A dark shadow appears within the darkness of the night, creeps into the laboratory room and stops standing behind the back spine on Festus, reaching out, touching his waistline. She says with a sour frown. “Festus, do not give these bad boys more dangerous toys! Come inside and see what the girls and I have cooked up!” She pirouettes around with a soft chuckle then exits the garage archway.
McCamy reaches out and touches the smooth brass metal, saying with a nod. “An iron hand, I like the concept and the idea! I think we could use these individual pieces of hard metal to defend our buttholes against Hico and all of his un-friendlies.”
Rusk studies Wolf’s new metal arm stating with a stern tone. “That’s called, cheating, bro! The Showcase event is going to be made from the bite-nats paint. It is not comprised of real metals, hard woods, or natural elements coming from Planet Earth.”
Baycliff states with a sour frown. “How’s it cheating, when I wanna live to see the next sunrise between my booted heels, hoss?” He spins around and trots down the side wall and then stops, rummaging inside the same wooden chest, finding a set of metal arms. He lifts them in the air near his smile and then spins around, dashing back to the huddle with his new prizes.
McCamy smiles then says. “Baycliff, he makes all the good points. One, live. Two, breathe. Three, cheat.” He laughs with the others.
Baycliff returns back to the huddle and displays a pair of brass tinted home-made metal arm prosthetic, handing one to McCamy. His arm eats up the metal arm over his naked hand, wrist bone, and bicep, covering the skin tissue. Baycliff gently touches each tiny rotating gadget, on top of the new brass arm prosthetic, saying with a sour frown. “The metal pinches my delicate skin…”
“Sissy girls possess delicate skin, Baycliff, darling.” Rusk states then laughs.
“The metal pinches my delicate skin, as well, Rusky.” Wolf says then sneers down at the metal.
“I see and hear some sissy babies. One is Wolf-man and two is Baycliff, darling.” Rusk says with a smile then back steps from the huddle swinging around, dashing down the same wall and then stops. He stands in front of an open wooden chest seeing each metal arm. He reaches down and grabs one, back stepping from the wall, spinning around with a smile and dashes back to the huddle with his new prize also.
In the huddle, Festus shifts around each teen, stops then stands at a wall of man-made tall and low natural wooden cabinets and drawers. He opens and then closes each drawer, until finding the objects, pulling out each item. He spins around with a smile, moves ahead, then stops back inside the huddle, standing beside McCamy, handing out each object for a teen. He says with a nod. “This is a thick leather glove, which is worn underneath the metal arm. The concept of a prosthetic has been used traditionally in human medical research field replacing a person’s bum limb or a missing limb with some type of un-natural elements other than human flesh and bone. I used to be a mechanical engineer, before Nuke War Three,” he slaps the chest and states with a nod. “Now, I’m a simple country farmer. I do understand all of Hico’s new dangerous and deadly dance competition steps or whatever you wanna label it. But this little device is your best advantage in winning the first nightly competition against all of those little Cheaters. I eye witnessed on that night of deadly dancing which turned into a bloody battle with hand-to-hand rebel fighting there inside the Dance Hall, at Metro City Birmingham. The dance or fight team composed of North Ridge Mountain Riders survived the battle fight making them a group of very good winning opponents. Tell you also! Hico is going to cheat by pairing a set of fiery fighters against a group of young innocent kids coming from here in South Beach. I swear to the damaged Appalachian Mountain Foothills, if I were a little younger…”
Rusk returns back and stands inside the huddle, lifting up the equipment, presenting three different shapes, sizes, and designs of an individual arm prosthetic. He reaches out and places the two smaller models on top of the cold engine hood. He slides an iron hand over his fingers, his wrist bone, extending up towards his arm bicep, flexing the metal, with ease. He says with a smile. “I found all of these arms also. Look! I agree with you. This external arm prosthetic is an advantage over death and my dead body,” he chuckles with the teens. “But Hico has ruled that only the grand prize winner of this new Showcase event gets to fight in the ring with us, well, the fake team members of the South Beach Bandits, which is led by our childhood friend Hixson. So, let’s be clear here! We can’t show up with these metal arms, because we all will get disqualified, bro.”
McCamy turns and nods saying to Baycliff. “We don’t show up with the metal arms,” he pings the metal and wears a smile. “We hide the arms, so Hico doesn’t see them, during the Showcase event. We hide them inside our bag or sack or something and tote all the metal arms right into our reserved hotel or motel or roach room. We gotta stay someplace near the Dance platform. Don’t you think so, Baycliff?” Baycliff nods in silence and whips his metal arm around the air waves sounding with a series of chuckles.
“Me thinks, McCamy’s smarter than Hico. But me thinks, also, Hico is smart enough to hide the new South Beach Bandits for the first nightly fight of the new dangerous and deadly Huntress and Hunter Games. We should rescue the little tikes first.” Wolf states with a stern tone and continues to wear the iron hand rotating each set of tiny metal wheels, on the single arm prosthetic.
“Naw! Hixson, he’s got it covered. He won’t let any of the other teens get hurt either and neither will his daddy, my daddy, or your daddy. Anyways, if they wanna a good black and blue bruising, he loves to bruise on all these ugly monsters, named Tick, Flea, and other peeing bugs.” Baycliff explains and continues to wear the iron arm laughing out loud, flinging the iron arm in the air waves.
“Insects don’t pee, Baycliff.” Rusk states with a smile continues to wear his iron arm whipping the object around his bone skull, for fun, too.
“We’re messing up Taffy’s brilliant plan here, Baycliff.” Wolf offers and plays with his iron arm sounding with a series of chuckles.
“Plan Mistress, she’ll completely understand. I’ll personally explain our additional plans, within her plans, and ease her worried mind.” Baycliff states with a grin and lifts his iron arm up and down. “This iron arm could bash a human bone skull really quick. In what five seconds or less, McCamy?”
“More like three seconds, if you punch straight through the nose cartilage and into the two eyeballs. No one wakes from that kind of sinus pain.” McCamy states with a grin laughing out loud the other teens. He slowly lifts balancing the metal arm up and down in the air.
“Excellent debating, boys! I’m happy that you find my side hobby of arm prosthetic development a handy tool for this upcoming death defining dangerous event,” Festus states then chuckles. “Now, you need to remove the metal arm from your real limb. I’ll load each individual arm prosthetic metal piece back into the portal carrying case for transporting inside the cargo storage compartment on each terrain machine as you travel ahead towards the Birmingham Cliffs.” He shuffles to each teen and collects an individual iron hand carefully wrapping each item with a soft cloth, placing it inside an individual metal box. He lifts each box and stores it inside the rear cargo bed on each terrain machine. McCamy and Baycliff continue to stand in the huddle and whisper in private about the trip’s tomorrow back home to their homestead within the South Beach Colony.
Wolf scoots around and continues to explore the new intriguing laboratory space while looking for some more fun objects.
Rusk acts as an assistant and works with Festus, wrapping and storing each iron hand down in the cargo storage bed on each terrain machine. Finally, they finish the task and return back to huddle, standing along with McCamy and Baycliff.
Festus stands between Rusk and McCamy and wears a worried brow. His older daughter Pemona had participated in the previous bloody dance competition fight last night and this morning ordered by Director Hico. He exhales with worry saying with a stern face. “I have noted that the team was six members last night consisted of three boys and three girls. Have you decided which girls are going to fight in the new Huntress and Hunter Games within your new Bandits dance team?”
Rusk shakes his skull and says with a stern face. “No girls are allowed!” He points with a smile to each teen then slaps his chest. “The team will consist of Wolf-man, McCamy, and me as a set of dudes. Baycliff dresses as a girl, since he got the longest and prettiest blonde hair of all.” Baycliff sneers at Rusk. Rusk nods to his twin brother McCamy saying with a stern face. “That’s four! We need two more team mates, maybe, we can go and recruit Luford. What do you think, bro?” McCamy nods in silent agreement.
Baycliff snarls then states with a nasty tone. “I ain’t playing no girl, hoss! Anyways, it doesn’t matter, if there are four or five of us. The point, we, four learned to track, hunt, and kill, at the age of four years old, with our daddy, so we will definitely and defiantly will win the Showcase event tomorrow night. Once on top of that dance floor, my daddy, us, and every gun-loving-toting southern Bandit is going to hog-tie and then tie-dye the pale-tinted butt cheeks on Hico and then send him right back to Metro City Birmingham, foreverly,” he claps with laughter.
“Yeehaw!” Rusk claps with a rebel yell.
“Wo-wey!” Wolf claps with a series of hoot.
Festus states with a nod and a smile. “That’s a grand plan, boys! All the terrain vehicles are watered, like my herd of horses.” Each teen nods in silence. He smiles. “Let’s go and see what the ladies have been doing!”

At 06:11 p.m., inside the playroom setting, Festus leads the gang of teen males away from the garage building and then enters back into the house strolling through a new part of his home residence, moving inside a new room. He strolls ahead, stops, and stands beside his wife Almena, facing a row of teen females, presenting a smile.
Rusk enters next then stops inside the open archway, sounding with a gasp, staring at a row of beautiful teen girls. McCamy shoves Rusk forward with a soft curse of annoyance, scoots around his brother and then halts, staring at a row of pretty girls, sounding with a gasp also.
Wolf and Baycliff enter into the new room a few feet from the archway and then halt sounding with an individual gasp of shock, forming a semi-crooked row along with Rusk and McCamy as each one stares at a row of masked females.
The four girls stand in a line. Two tall browned-haired girls stand in the middle of the row and two petite blacked-haired females stand at the end. Each one wears a half-face mask consisting of colorful stripes and patches of fluffy feathers, showing off a pair of blood-red luscious lips over the naked part of the girly face.
In the male line, McCamy cocks his chin sideways studying each short girl at the end of the line. Both the girls possess a bun of black-tinted hair, a petite body statue, and a tone of dark colored skin, which is similar to his girl Tulu. He steps forward eager to find something.
In the female line, each girl wiggles her hips and giggles with a grin, shaking her shoulders and then waves her colorful glove with a hello greeting to each teen male, in a seductive matter.
Baycliff leans over with a smile and whispers into the cheekbone on Rusk, saying a set of secret words, standing upright with a chuckle.
Rusk breaks from the lineup and moves straight ahead to Pemona, who had been nicely identified by Baycliff. He stops and stands in front of her, wearing a silly grin, studying her new sexy outfit. Pemona removes her black-tinted half-mask decorated with a set of white flowers and an upright a yellow tinted rosebud, wiggling her body, winking at Rusk.
She has painted a bright blue leather corset on her body outlining her breasts down to her narrow hips. She continues to wink with a smile to Rusk. Her orange-tinted, ankle-length skirt hikes up and over one exposed kneecap and is tied with a tiny black bow across her thigh. Her long legs are decorated in a pair of red and white stripped silk stockings falling down into a pair of red and blue colored leather lace-tied ankle boots.
She wears a green-tinted short-waist jacket over a blue tinted corset and displays a white cameo that is attached to a golden chained necklace. A pair of tiny yellow tinted daggers dangles down from each human earlobe. A blue-tinted tea topper hat with a side stuff red-colored flower sits diagonal on her face. Her long brown hair is folded into a tight brown bun at the nape of her swan neck. She reaches out with a smile and pops Rusk’s bicep using a blue and yellow colored peacock-designed parasol, drawing back the parasol and then reaches out with her fishnet black-tinted wrist glove, without the finger pads, touching his chest.
He swallows back the mouth drool and wears a silly chuckle, staring at her figure. “I like.”
She wiggles her hips again and smiles. “That’s all you can say there, slick!”
“I like a lot,” he grins at her new sexy outfit and extends his arm to Pemona. She accepts his arm and wears a smile. They move ahead together and stroll towards the purple-tinted side wall with a row of individual furniture pieces, sitting down, sharing an oversized sitting chair. They softly whispers into each other’s face presenting soft chuckles and bright smiles.
Tulu continues to stand at the end of the line and slips off a gold and burgundy stripe half-mask with a peacock feather post from her smiling face. McCamy swiftly dashes ahead, stops, and then stands in front of his girl, gasping in shock, “Muffin!”
“Do you like?” She wiggles her narrow hips side to side, like a tall and sexy Pemona. She presents a set of bare naked, natural dark-tinted skin on each one of her collar bone that curves down into a white tinted corset with a set of six tiny roses on top of delicate lace exhibiting the fleshy part of her pair of tiny breasts, without a jacket, only a lacey necklace around her naked throat. Her mini-tea topper hat slides down the right side on her pretty face, where a white veil covers one eyeball. Her black-tinted long hair is hidden in a tight bun behind the nape of her neck. A pearl earring dangles from each earlobe and as she waves one of her elbow-length gloves against the white-tinted, floor-length velvet-coated skirt that covers a pair of white tinted, lacey, tied ankle boots. She swings a white tinted parasol covered in an array of tiny red rosebuds in her other hand.
Aleman appears and stands at the back spine on McCamy wearing a smile, holding a soft object and shifts the blanket near his elbow. McCamy accepts the light-colored blanket from Almena and then reaches over placing the fabric around the semi-naked outfit on his girl Tulu. His face turns around and as he sees and hears at a chuckling Baycliff and a grinning Wolf. He returns back with a worried brow and says to his girl. “Tulu, you…” he pulls the blanket tightly around her naked shoulders and then cuddles her into his chest leaning down, whispering into her eardrum a set of sweet words as she smiles.
McCamy slowly spins around with his girl Tulu. They slowly strolls towards the purple wall, selecting one of the oversized chairs, sliding down first into the worn but soft fabric. She scoots inside his lap still wearing the dull brown-tinted blanket over her Victorian bite-nats creation. He whispers into her face making her laugh.
Standing with a petite body frame, a tone of black-haired hair strands, the baby sister of Pemona, Rari dashes ahead and then stops standing in front of Wolf. She reaches out flipping her pink-tinted bite-nats glove in the air, wearing a silly giggle. She slides of her half-mask with alternating lines of dark blue and silver hue held by a red-tinted rosebud-patterned post. She pops open a pink and yellow tinted, butterfly-designed parasol, twirling the umbrella in tight circles to the side of her body while displaying a brown-tinted leather corset that shows no sexy waistline per her younger teenage figure. She wears a pink frilly silk blouse over the brown-tinted corset. A cameo dangles on a pink tinted ribbon brooch around her naked throat. She wears a pair of flowered pink tinted fingerless croquet gloves that measures back to the crook of each elbow. Her floor-length fishnet skirt of yellow hue hikes up over one exposed kneecap as each leg wears a pair of pink and white stripe stockings for fun. Like magic, a hanging pink-tinted tea topper hat stands on the side of her black tinted hair strands and as she extends her gloved hand to Wolf wanting something, wearing a sweet smile with a wink.
Wolf turns and frowns at Festus. Festus thumbs back over his collar bone to his wife Almena in silence. Wolf spins to face Almena. Almena nods in silence that Wolf has permission to touch the hand of her youngest daughter.
Wolf returns back with a smile and reaches out, gently touching her gloved hand, curling her hand around his elbow. They slowly stroll ahead towards the long sofa sitting down. They softly chat about her bite-nats dress.
Baycliff struts ahead from the archway wearing a smile, heading towards Taffy while admiring her bite-nats creation.
Taffy wears a pale blue tinted tuxedo jacket edged in black trim and a matching pale blue straight floor-length skirt wrapped with a bow bustle in back of her fanny. She does not display a hiked shirt like Pemona or expose a set of bare collar bones like Tulu. A cameo choker with a matching pale blue ribbon fits nicely around her swan neck and as she wears a pair of yellow knit gloves over each naked hand. A pair of yellow tinted dangling daggers hangs off each earlobe. A yellow-tinted tea-topper hat in red, green, and blue vertical strips stands on the side of her face. She slips off her green-tinted, half-face mask surrounded with rows of white tinted ocean sea pearls and a black-tinted solid post without a figure while winking at Baycliff. She lifts up her red-tinted solid colored parasol like a deadly saber in front of her chest.
Baycliff stops with a chuckle and admires her gall saying with a sexy timber. “Your parasol doesn’t appear to be much of a defensive weapon,” he scoots around the tip of the parasol then stands beside Taffy, reaching over, gently touching the sharp tip of one dagger earring. “Now, I’m afraid of this thing.” She laughs out loud.
“Taffy!” Amita shouts and stands inside the open archway of the playroom, staring at the bite-nats dress on her childhood friend Taffy.
Baycliff turns with a smile to see Amita and then swiftly dashes ahead towards the open archway, stopping in front of his girl Amita. He leans down trying to kiss her chapped lips, saying with a firm tone. “Honey bell, you should be resting up for tomorrow’s trip.”
Amita slides to the side and continues to stare at Taffy, without a smile, saying with a nasty tone. “I am rested and ready for the trip’s tomorrow. What’s happening in here? I can hear the obnoxious girly laughter coming directly from Taffy Pudding echoing all the way up the hallway and into my sleeping room. Is this a fun social party in here or something?”
Almena stands with her husband in front of the mirrored wall and states. “Yes, the girls have developed something. What would you call this something, Festus?”
“This is definitely a show and a case for an ancient Steam Punk presentation.” He says. “It just needs the Crystal Palace, which was made from both glass and iron, that had been exhibited during the World’s Fair, in the year 1847 A.D., in the country of Great Britain.”
“Thus, we will all become the Steampunk Gang, to boot.” Pemona shouts in Rusk’s arm then stands upright from the chair waving both of her arms in the air, dropping both of her arms and caresses her bite-nats skirt. Rusk stands beside Pemona nodding with a smile to Fester and Almena too.
Almena nods and says to each teen. “Now, all the teen males need to paint up their own individual creative ancient Steam Punk wardrobe that will be displayed inside the new Showcase event that will equal all the teen females. Now, go and get to it! Festus, take the males into the Game Room to redress! Then they all can come back here into the playroom and model for all of us,” she claps with a nod along with the rest of the females, except for Amita, who continues to stand and block the entrance doorway wearing a stern face.
Festus nods and shares, “All right! This way, boys! Follow the new leader, which is me!” He leans over and whispers into his wife’s face a set of secret words. She smiles with a nod.
In front of the purple wall and the oversized chair, Rusk leans over and whispers down into the face on Pemona. She nods with a smile. He pulls back with a grin and then moves ahead advancing towards the open archway, housing both Amita and Baycliff. He shouts to Baycliff, “Come on, hoss! I got some good ideas for this new Showcase event too,” he reaches the archway and then stops, saying with a stern face, “Uh! Please pardon me! I need out of the room, Amita.”
Amita stares with a stern face at Rusk in silence, without moving. Baycliff leans over and grabs her arm gently shoving Amita away from the archway, saying with a stern face. “I’m sorry about that Rusk.”
Amita slowly shuffles away from the open archway, saying with a sour frown and a matching tone. “Why are you apologizing for me? I did not nothing wrong here. I am standing right here. He should apologize to me.”
Rusk moves through the empty archway, rolling both of his eyeballs then surveys the new hallway environment. Amita is back and acts like her old selfie exhibiting her teenly features of arrogance, stubbornness, and rudeness. He wonders what Baycliff sees in the pretty but black-hearted teen as he stands inside the hallway waiting on Festus.
Wolf swiftly stands upright from the sofa and nods with a smile to Rari, looking forward to another surprise from Festus. Pemona’s family members are is nice, fun, and friendly. He wouldn’t mind dating the younger daughter Rari, for a while, since Rusk seems to have bedazzled the older daughter Pemona. He moves ahead without Rari, quickly exiting the playroom and watches Amita and Baycliff verbal argue, which is becoming a usual ritual.
Wolf wonders what Baycliff sees in a snobby Amita besides that she is kind of pretty, for a skinny girl. He stands with Rusk and leans over whispering with a set of secret words and a series of soft chuckles.
Inside the playroom, in the same chair, McCamy leans over and gently kisses her lips, pulling back with a wink and then slowly stands upright along with Tulu. He moves ahead without Tulu and wears a smile. He enjoys the fun activities with Farmer Festus and his family members for the night, before the anticipated dangerous and deadly battle fight with Hico and his army of nasty Insect friends. And he worries about his parents and Tulu’s parents, but Hico will not harm either one of them. Else, McCamy will kill Hico in front of numerous eyewitnesses using his two calloused work hands.
McCamy wears a stern face and feels a heavy heart while hearing the vocal argument between the non-loving couple of Baycliff and Amita, without staring at the arguing couple. McCamy believes Baycliff must have fallen off his stallion too many times as Baycliff continues to pursue the pretty but annoying female, way too many times, resulting in a lousy outcome of non-love and more hated and anger.
Amita is acting like her usual ugly and rude selfie, even after her shocked capture and confinement for one year, inside an underground silo that resides underneath a ground of sweet-smelling honeysuckle vines, leaves, and berries, within Metro City Birmingham.
McCamy stops and huddles with both Wolf and Rusk while listening to the catfight between Amita and Baycliff again. He presents a stern face without a nasty or nice comment, in respect of his childhood friend Baycliff.
Inside the playroom, in front of the side wall, near the open archway, Baycliff leans over and tries to cuddle Amita, saying a smile. “Honey bell!”
Amita slowly scoots sideways and wears a sour frown shuffling moves away from Baycliff, blocking the archway again. She stomps both of her naked feet and waves both of her arms in the air, shouting with a sharp voice of angry. “Why is everyone rude to me? I didn’t do anything to anyone. I had been captured and tormented for one year inside that silo…”
Almena spins around with a gasp and views the open archway and then dashes ahead, colliding into the side of Baycliff, shoving Baycliff away from the physically and mentally sick teen female. She orders with a firm tone, “Go on over there, Baycliff, and follow Festus! He has another fun activity for the night, before everyone’s required bedtime ritual, honey.”
“Yes ma’am!” Baycliff says with a stern face and scoots around Almena while staring with a worried brow at his girl Amita, entering the new hallway, running into the huddle with Wolf, McCamy, and Rusk. Each teen leans over and whispers some encouraging words into the worried face on Baycliff. Baycliff continues to stare at the rear hairy skull on Amita, presenting his worried face, feeling his heavy heart, and clicking his worried mental mind.
Inside the open archway, Almena leans over and hugs Amita, like a mother figure, saying with a smile and a soft timber into the face of Amita. “Let’s go and fetch you a cup of warm milk. The milk will settle your anxiousness and help you go back to sleep, Amita.” Amita nods in silence.
Festus spins around with a smile and enjoys the individual scene of young lovers and then exits the playroom, moving down the new hallway. He leads the gang of teen males into a new part of his house. Almena leads Amita slowly through the archway and exits the playroom, moving down the hallway towards the kitchen space.

At 06:35 p.m., inside the Game Room setting, Festus leads down a different hallway with a new door in sight. He nears the door and reaches out slamming open the closed door, moving ahead towards the wooden table. On top of the table stands a picnic basket. He points at the table and says with a smile. “The basket contains ancient used and abused small canisters of bite-nats paint. Pick a color and paint yourself pretty! I don’t babysit like Almena,” he stops and stands, tossing a set of glossy pictures from his wife on top of the square table, which is really a covered Billiards pool table with a wooden hard board surface. He starts to pull out a can placing on top of the wooden planks. Each teen follows behind Festus, stops, and surrounds the table.
Wolf reaches over and grabs while assisting Festus, staring to remove each rusty can from the basket in silence.
“Festus, can you fetch us those boxes of iron hands for our modeling debut please?” Baycliff requests with a smile, stops, and then stands in front of the home-made wooden table, helping to unload each can of paint from the picnic basket too. The male teens quickly finish the task and pass out a stack of glossy photographs and numerous horse-hair brushes to each teen.
“All right!” Festus states with a smile and a single clap of accomplishment spinning around with a smile and exits the new room.
Rusk stops and stands at an empty spot around the table, removing his dirty vest, the matching dirty pair of blue jeans, and finally his pair of dirty cowboy boots while chuckling and standing in a semi-naked pose in front of his friends. He reaches over and selects a rusty can of bite-nats paint, thumbing through a stack of photographs for a terrific bite-nats creation also. He comments, “I like the way all the girls looked. It makes me think that Hico is going to react the very same way with a pair of sexy eyes and a set of sweaty palms. Then we’re a shoo-in on winning the grand prize at the first upcoming Showcase event. What do you think, Baycliff? Why did you want Festus to bring in those iron hands? What are you thinking about now, Baycliff?” He continues to study each photograph.
Baycliff flings the selected photograph down on top of the table wearing a smile, reaching out, grabbing two can of paint and two new brushes. He announces, “I’m going to paint my head skull with a pith helmet that will be paired with a pair of machinist goggles like it shows here in this photo.” He draws a thin black circle around each eye socket and then a thick black band around his forehead for the trim of the helmet. He starts to place  a tiny set of dots in tan-colored bite-nats paint over his blonde-colored hair roots and then mentally performs the think objects: helmet, goggles.
A pith helmet in white hue covers his hair roots and a pair of black tinted goggles protect his blue tinted eyeballs.
He flings his dirty vest on the floor then reaches out grabbing a new can, painting the color white from his naked collar bone down to his navel and then over to his left bicep, leaving the right bicep naked. He adds the new shade of yellow paint in the center of his chest and abdomen. Baycliff finishes the paint job with a thick dark blue circle around his naked throat and then mentally performs the think objects: shirt, vest, bowtie.
He wears a white-tinted, long-sleeved dress shirt with a missing right arm sleeve underneath a yellow tinted sleeveless vest and a dark blue bow tie. He leans down and then slaps the dirt off his black-tinted blue jeans, wiggling both of his boots off his pair of dirty socks, saying with a sour frown. “I need some clean socks.”
Rusk looks up with a smile and points down at the photograph. “You need a long neck tie, not a short girly bowie tie, hoss.”
Baycliff looks down at his photograph, studying the minor detail in his design, nodding with a smile. He looks up and closes his two eyelids, feeling the warmth and then the coolness, mentally performing the think object: long tie.
He stands in front of the table in a pair of bare feet, feeling the cool of the tile floor in his newly created Victorian male outfit, consisting of a pith helmet over his hair, a pair of machinist goggles over his eye sockets and a shirt, vest, pants, and a pair of naked feet.
McCamy stripes off his dirty and bloody shirt and his pair of faded dirty blue jeans down to his underwear briefs. He pours a large amount of the bite-nats black-tinted paint over his naked chest letting the liquid flow down over his two thighs and legs. He whips the medium-sized horsehair brush in a set of long strokes vertically up and down over his entire semi-naked body. He pours the rest of the black paint over each collar bone feeling the liquid slowly cover his back spine, going down to his butt cheeks and rolling over each calf as he swishes the same brush around the curves of his muscles. He stands upright and then adds a new brush of white bite-nats paint onto his naked throat for a white collar on a pretend shirt.
McCamy circles a black band around the crown on his skull and then mentally performs all the think objects: jacket, vest, tie, belt, gloves, top hat.
He wears a white collar paired with a black skinny long neck tie above a black tinted vest that outlines his muscles. A black-tinted, knee-length coat covers his back spine and both shoulders. He wears a pair of matching black trousers with a set of black leather palm gloves on each naked hand. A black tinted leather belt gleams with a silver-tinted buckle that shows a set of etched rearing stallions pawing the air waves. And, finally, he wears a black-tinted top hat that slants over one eyebrow, smiling at his friends.
Wolf turns and winks to McCamy. “You look slick…”
“…like a funeral director…” Baycliff states then laughs. “That’s way, way too, too much, much black paint, bro.”
“I didn’t want my top hat to clash with muffin’s masquerade mask.” McCamy smiles and thinks of his girl, always and forever.
“I want a newsboy cap on my head and a pair of thick mad scientist goggles.” Rusk states and starts to paint a yellow band over the crown of his skull and a red circle around each eye socket. He mentally performs the think objects: cap, goggles.
A yellow tinted newsboy cap appears over his hair roots and a pair of red tinted goggles over each eye socketing hiding his pair of blue eyeballs.
He paints a brush of brown-colored bite-nats on his naked chest going down to his kneecaps and ankle bones and then covers his set of naked toe bones. He stands upright with a smile. He brushes yellow bite-nats paint on his left arm. He does not wear a fancy collar shirt like McCamy or a long neck tie like Baycliff.
He performs all the think objects: vest, pants, boots. His body displays a yellow tinted newsboy cap covering almost all of his blonde hair and a pair of red tinted goggles over each eye socket. He wears a yellow shirt missing the right sleeve underneath a brown tinted button-down vest, a pair of matching brown-tinted trousers, and finally a pair of brown tinted cowboy boots.
“I wanna a flap-covered pilot cap with a pair of green pilot goggles.” Wolf comments and tosses off his dirty clothes down on the floor starting to paint in bite-nats dark blue hue over his naked chest, a brush of white bite-nats paint around his naked throat, and a new brush of beige bite-nats is painted from his waist down to his kneecaps. Then he splashes black bite-nats paint over his set of naked toes.
He stands upright in smeared colors of paint and reaches down, grabbing a new set of paint brushes and a few different bite-nats paint colors. Wolf paints a green colored circle around each eye socket that is tinted with a touch of gold paint from ear-to-ear. He mentally performs all the think objects: spat, ascot, pants, goggles, cap.
Wolf wears a dark blue spat over his chest, a white ascot around his naked throat, a pair of green tinted pilot goggles that is outlined with a touch of gold over each eye socket. He also displays a brown colored flapped pilot cap and a pair of white trousers to the kneecaps with a pair of knee-length black colored leather pilot boots.
McCamy replaces each one of his smelly socks and his pair of worn cowboy boots on both his naked feet and then stands upright, pressing the trousers into a neat crease and wipes down his black jacket.
Baycliff holds his two nose holes and states with a sour frown to McCamy. “You…need to change your real brown-tinted cowboy boots to match your bite-nats black duds, McCamy.”
McCamy sits back down on the floor and ignores Baycliff’s order, pulling off each boot, using his mouth spit cleaning and polishing up the scuffed and worn leather with his dirty palm.
Festus returns back into the Game Room, totes a stack of boxes, and then stops, squatting down, placing each object down on top of the floor. He back steps from the boxes and watches the teens in silence.
Baycliff smiles and spins around moving away from the table to the first box, squatting down, opening each lid and then looks for his favored metal arm prosthetic. He pulls out the object and then stands upright, toting the metal arm back to the table. He gently pats the iron hand and laughs out loud with his evil mental thoughts. He states with a wicked grin. “Now, go and pick out your irons, cowboys.”
“What are you going to do with the iron hand, Baycliff?” Rusk askes and moves away from the table and then stands over the first box, admiring the shiny brass-plated iron hand inside the soft white tinted cloth.
“Let’s go and surprise the girls with our new weapon of smashing our enemy’s body parts!” Baycliff states then laughs with an evil tone stopping beside the table, nodding with a smile. “They’ll flip out.”
“You’re meaner than McCamy, Baycliff.” Rusk shuffles in front of each box and searches for his iron hand wearing a sour frown.
“I replace those words, permanently.” McCamy comments and replaces back on his semi-shiny boots and then stands upright from the floor, spinning around with a smile. He moves ahead towards one of the open boxes, shuffling sideways, searching for his iron hand also.
“No brown boots with black pants, McCamy! I and daddy and mama told you and told and you and told you….” Rusk states with a grin and continues to stand in front of the boxes. His face whips around and views his brother. He warns, “Hico, he’ll note the serious clash of wrong colored paint, hoss. Since, we somehow and someway lived through the two deadly teen massacres. And your boots stick out and also smell bad.”
McCamy ignores his twin brother and squats down finding his iron hand inside the open box, lifting it in the air. He laughs at his upcoming victory at the dance competition, and over a dead Hico. McCamy stands upright from the floor and then spins around, moving back to the table. He stops and then places the true leather glove and the metal arm on top of the table. He forgot to leave his fighting arm exposed for his new prosthetic arm piece. He leans down and then mouth spits his tongue salvia on the bite-nats black tinted paint covering his fighting arm, exposing his naked forearm, the wrist bone, and the hand with all of his finger digits. He places the soft leather glove over his naked hand, the wrist bone, and the forearm and then gently slides the brass-tinted arm prosthetic over the soft leather glove, wiggling his new true weapon in place. He flexes his metal elbow and then twists his metal wrist bone on the iron arm, wiggling his four finger pads on the iron hand. The arm prosthetic is going to be a wonderful surprise in the smiling face on the first Rider.
At the table surface, Baycliff continues to stand and laughs out loud, staring down at his iron hand, saying with a smile. “Hico should be very afraid of me and McCamy’s old cowboy boots,” he covers the true soft leather glove over his naked hand, wrist bone and forearm gobbling up all the finger digits towards his right-sided shoulder blade. He grins and gently slides his arm prosthetic over the soft leather glove in place. He flexes his elbow on the metal arm and then twists his wrist bone in a half-circle while exercising his four finger pads on the iron hand. The arm prosthetic works perfectly.
Wolf spins around from the table and dashes ahead, stopping at the open box, searching for his favored metal arm too. He reaches down and then snatches up the leather glove, placing it over his naked arm, grabbing the iron arm, wiggling the metal over the soft glove. He flexes the brass arm prosthetic up, down, to the left, then to the right, reaching out, striking the naked air waves with his folded fist while practicing for the upcoming nose bleed on Hico. He says, “There’s only four iron hands here. Your boy Hixson, he’ll need one to play, within our reindeer games.” He stands upright from the box with a series of evil chuckle and spins around moving ahead and then stops. He reaches out and strikes the air waves with his new iron arm again.
“Naw! We’ll be saving Hixson’s butthole during our reindeer games.” Baycliff comments and shuffles away from the table surface and then stops, lunging out, working his metal arm up and down with perfection while pretending to strike at the handsome face on Kodare.
“There for show!” Rusk states and spins around wearing a sour frown and continues to stand behind each open box, observing each teen and their metal arm exercises.
“There for pain! We give pain to Hico. I don’t like him. I don’t like him healthy and alive while all the other teens are dead and gone for no good reason, but his evil reason.” Baycliff comments and continues to work his metal arm with his personal battel fighting exercises attacking the innocent air molecules. He sneers for drama.
Wolf dances to the left and wobbles side to side compensating for the metal arm and then he dances to the right, flinging the metal prosthetic into his chest for balance, saying with a grunt. “This arm is a heavy sucker on my body.” He punches the air waves with his brass fist presenting a loud grunt and a head nod. “Good thing! I keep trained and fit. This little gem’s going to shine on my star light performance, tomorrow night. I’ll become famous,” he dances side to side and works his metal arm in the air again while sounding with a set of heavy grunts.
“You’ll become infamous among the South Beach Bandits as you are only a Rider. Grab an iron hand and get dressed, Rusk! We’re almost ready to show off in front of the girls.” McCamy comments and continues to stand at the table whipping his metal arm around the innocent air waves, feeling the heavy metal and then chuckles with delight.
Rusk spins around with a deep sigh and then squats down grabbing the leather glove. He stands upright from the floor and shoves the leather glove over his yellow-tinted bite-nats sleeve on his fighting arm. The soft leather creates heat and then produces sweat on his naked arm as the yellow paint slowly dissolves into wet paint. He shoves the metal arm over the soft glove flexing the elbow, wiggling each finger inside the hard object, wearing a sour frown.
“Are we ready now? Let’s go and scare the muffin out of their stuffing!” Baycliff comments and charges ahead with loud laughter towards the open archway.
“Stay away from my muffin! Or I’ll beat the stuffing out of all of your muffins, especially Baycliff!” McCamy states and moves ahead wearing a stern face and then exits the door strutting beside Baycliff, protecting his girl Tulu.
Wolf dashes ahead and exits the room, following behind McCamy and Baycliff, whipping his metal arm in the air waves, sounding with a series of evil chuckles.
Rusk moves ahead and exits the room following behind Wolf, producing a soft moan of disappointment. The metal arm is heavy around his natural human arm.
The four teens scoot around the unfamiliar hallway and then enter back into the Playroom setting.

At 10:01 p.m., among the warm temperatures with bright stars and moonlight, inside the Playroom setting, the four male teens smile and stand a few feet away from the open archway in silence, displaying an individual metal arm that gleams underneath the bright lights, wearing a newly created bite-nats Victorian male creation for the upcoming Showcase event. Four girls slowly stand upright from each furniture piece and smile at each male teen still wearing their bite-nats outfit.
Amita appears and stands inside the open archway holding a cup of warm milk in silence, staring at the back spine on each teen.
In front of the sofa, Taffy is really smart and understand the iron arm. She gasps in shock shaking her bone skull and jabs her finger at each metal arm. She yells in fury, “No! No! No! No way! You’re destroying the elegant theme of the Victorian Era for our Showcase event. The Victorian Era represented a time of peace, joy, and diplomatic culture, not those weird, ugly, brass-looking things. Take all them off, right now!” She continues to jab her finger at the metal arms.
Pemona moves ahead from the chair and then stops reaching out, touching the smooth metal, saying with a smile. “I believe they look nice as well as exhibiting a good image of roughness and toughness from the Bandit team member with love for a group of dangerous Riders. I like the idea of using a set of advance weaponry in the new Huntress and Hunter Games. It’s cool!” She bangs her knuckles on Rusk’s iron arm then gasps in shock. “It’s real! This is really a metal arm over Rusk’s arm muscles.” She turns and smiles at her father. “Each metal arm is my daddy’s creation from tinkering inside his mad scientist laboratory and his mad scientist mind. Isn’t that right, Daddy?” Festus leans over and hugs his wife Almena nodding at his daughter in silence. She returns back and winks to Rusk. He smiles at her.
“I like too!” Rari shouts and picks up the famous line from the older teens. “Can I have one, too, Daddy? Can I have a small metal arm for my small human arm?” She dashes ahead from the sofa and moves towards the mirrored wall and then stops, standing in front of her parents, wearing a smile.
Festus stands next to a stack of smaller boxes, squatting down, grabbing the first box and then opens the lid. He reaches inside and pulls out the item adjusting a silver-tinted metal arm prosthetic composed of tiny wheels, rounded dials, and hidden pockets of nothing and then hands the metal arm to his daughter.
Rari accepts the item then slips a small metal arm over her human arm and questions. “Do you see me? Do you see my metal arm? It fits! I have one, too, ya’ll!” She smiles at her father Festus and then pivots around moving back towards Wolf, sounding with a set of girly giggles.
Festus continues to squat down on the floor and opens the next box, saying with a smile. “Come over here, McCamy! I got a present for your girl, too.”
McCamy shuffles away from the cowboy line of males, struts ahead to Festus, and then stops, staring down with a smile at smaller leather glove and a smaller metal arm, accepting the two objects from Festus. He spins around with a smile and struts back towards Tulu, who stands in front of their shared oversized chair. He stops and pulls her down into the oversized chair. They quietly sit together. McCamy wiggles the true leather glove over her naked arm and then gently wiggles the silver tinted arm prosthetic over the glove while whispering into her eardrum. She giggles with love.
Within the remaining male line, Baycliff spins around with a stern face and shakes both his metal arm and his skull, turning to face Festus, glancing at Taffy. He chuckles moving ahead and then stops standing beside Festus, reaching down for the last smaller silver-tinted prosthetic arm. He comments, “And the last one is for Taffy.” He accepts the last metal arm and then back steps with a nod from Festus, spinning around with a grin, moving ahead towards Taffy.
Amita continues to stand inside the archway and snarls at her friend Taffy saying with a nasty tone. “Taffy can do it herself, Baycliff. Come over here and take care of me right now!”
“One second, honey bell!” Baycliff says and stops with a smile standing in front of Taffy, handing the brown-tinted leather glove first and then her smaller metal arm second. He explains, “Wear the glove to cover and protect your naked skin tissue. Then extend each hand finger first into the interior shell wiggling each finger through the leather and then the metal. Then seal your wrist bone inside the smaller metal chamber. Do you feel your human hand flowing through the leather and then the metal?”
Taffy gently thrusts her natural fingers into the iron arm first feeling her wrist bone and elbow lock in place. She carefully flexes the prosthetic side to side while getting used to cold metal over her warm naked arm. The leather glove has heated her arm and then melted away the sleeve on her jacket. The sleeve has turned back into wet paint on her arm.
Baycliff says, “Now, straighten your fingers into each individual pocket for maximum efficiency and effective when wielding a weapon at one or all of the Rider ladies,” he laughs with the other males. She flexes the wrist bone to the side, sneering in pain. He gasps. “Watch it! The metal pinches the naked skin, a little bit. Now, bend your arm at the elbow and bring your hand parallel with the floor, wiggling all your fingers up add down. You can feel the leather and metal mesh together like a pair of lovers,” he smiles. “Good job, Taffy!” He reaches out and pats her collar bone, sounding with a chuckle.
At the open archway, Amita states and stares with a sour frown at the back spine on Baycliff. “Baycliff, I need attention over here! Let and leave Taffy play with herself! I’m cold and need more warm milk!”
Baycliff spins around and then struts ahead towards his girl, wearing with a smile, stopping and then leans down to kiss her pair of chapped lips. Inside the doorway, Amita back steps away from the archway and sounds with a series of soft giggles. He frowns at his girl with confusion and then spins away from Amita facing his friends and tosses both of his arms in the air, yelling with a smile for attention. “The new plan is here! We fight and wear an iron hand on our fighting arm, for one or two knockouts, until each one of our dads and moms with their shotguns show up at the new dance competition there in South Beach. Then, we all round up Hico and all of his non-flying insect friends…”
McCamy leans over with a stern face and whispers into the soft cheekbone on Tulu. “You do not fight, muffin. Your armor is for show only. Do you understand me? Okay, Tulu!” Tulu nods with a smile and touches the smooth silver metal arm on her dominate hand in silence.
Taffy caresses the smooth metal arm saying with a worried brow to Baycliff. “That’s poor planning and a poor plan, cowboy! This is a real metal arm, not a bite-nats creation. The dance competition rule clearly assumes and implies only a set of bite-nats fantasy items, not the real deal. You will get us eliminated from the Showcase event, before the first knockout fist by snot-hole McCamy. No! No! No, cowboys! Stick with my plan of action here! We enter the first Showcase event as the infamous and disguised theme of an ancient Steampunk Gang. Then we will win the first fight position and refuse to fight the other members of our own citizens. We order a peaceful surrender and end this ridiculous, silly, deadly dance competition and Dictator Hico. So, no one gets hurt or harm or killed…”
“Yeah!” Rusk looks up with a stern face and views Taffy saying with a firm tone. “I like Baycliff’s plan, Taffy. He didn’t give you all the details, Taffy Pudding. We use a real metal fighting arm in the new Hunter and Huntress Games, for show, which compliments your plan of survival of our live forces and then the surrender of Hico and all the Riders to us.”
Taffy jabs her finger and her frown at Rusk then slaps her chest yelling in fury, “No, cowboy! I’m the Plan Mistress here. You’re taking a big chance with these ugly metal pieces of scary hardware. They look real. They feel real. One touch, someone will figure out our plot then we….”
“The metal arm is going to be part of our bite-nats painted costume, Taffy. I like a macho, scary, intimidation of toughness, that tells Hico, that we mean business.” Wolf nods with a smile.
“My plan is to enter the Showcase event and then win with our awesome Victorian peaceful theme. Don’t fight! Don’t harm anyone! The element of surprise is a formidable ally.” Taffy nods with a smile.
Amita moves ahead, stops, then stands beside Baycliff, pointing her finger at Taffy, saying with a sour frown. “Yadda! Yadda! Yadda, Taffy! You never listen to anyone, but your own loud obnoxious voice box, Taffy Pudding. Baycliff is the leader and leads all the cowboys. He’s smart with the new plan to scare and intimidate Hico on the first impression. The English word, impression, means to see an everlasting pic in your mind,” she points to her temple. “The thing impresses, ignites, and begs to be remembered forever, unlike you, Taffy Pudding,” she slaps the hand down on her dirty clothes.
“I vote, we impeach Amita, as the new vice-president among the South Beach Bandits.” Taffy states with a sour frown then sneers at her childhood friend.
Almena moves away from the mirrored wall, stops, and then stands beside Taffy, reaching, out, gingerly touching the metal arm on Taffy. She says, “Taffy, may I speak with you in private inside the living room?” Taffy exhales with annoyance and then nods in silence. They move ahead and exit the Playroom along with Festus, slowly talking in whispered words, moving down the long hallway into the living room setting and away from the other teens.
McCamy stands upright from the chair and then squats down on one kneecap, reaching out, gently removing the ugly silver-tinted arm prosthetic off her tiny arm and holds the object. He leans down and plants his light kiss on her top of her black-tinted hair roots, smelling the honeysuckle fragrance and then leans down with a whisper into her smile. He stands upright from the floor and then pivots around strutting back to the table with the rows of rusty bite-nats paint cans.
He stops and stands in front of the cans, placing the small metal arm on top of table surface and then grabs new brush, dipping the brush down into an open can of silver bite-nats paint. He slowly spins around with the brush of silver and then dashes back to Tulu.
He stops and then squats down on one kneecap, smiling at her, saying with a tender tone. “Extend your hand, muffin.” She playfully smashes her gloved palm into his chest as he chuckles with a wink. “That’s my girl!” He leans down and then mouth spits down on each one of her painted fingers. She chuckles at the silly move. Then McCamy carefully paints a circle of silver around her single finger, thickening the blob of silver over the top of her knuckle, whispering into her smile.
Tulu closes her two eyelashes and then mentally performs the think object: ring.
A two-caret diamond engagement ring appears and then glitters on her fourth finger on her left hand.
She feels the warmth and then the coolness of the new bite-nats paint creation, opening her eyelashes and gasps in shock.
McCamy drops the brush beside his boot then holds both her tiny hands with his bite-nats glove and his other naked hand skin feeling the bite-nats created diamond ring inside both of his bigger gloved palms, saying with a smile. “I love you, Tulu. Please, do me a big favor and honor and marry me foreverly. I’ll make you, my wife, my partner, and my happiness always on my farm, muffin.”
She nods with a smile. “I wanna make you, my husband, my partner, and my happiness, always and foreverly, on our farm, McCamy.” Tulu leans down and kisses his lips pulling back with a smile. She jumps off the chair and dances in a circle, shouting out loud. “I’m so happy!” She halts and smiles at Amita, then Pemona, and finally at Rari. “I’m engaged!” She holds out her naked hand and smiles down at her shiny diamond then runs ahead sliding down on top of the sofa with her new friend Rari.
Pemona gasps in shock then spins around dashing ahead towards the same sofa, stopping and surrounds Tulu, whispering her happy words presenting her big smile. She stares down at the big diamond engagement ring.
McCamy spins around and watches his girl Tulu wearing a smile, turning to wink at Baycliff, in silence.
In front of the open archway, Baycliff exhales with annoyance and then rolls both of his eyeballs, returning back, staring at his childhood friend McCamy. He states with a sour frown, “Why in the hell did you go and do that, bro?” He turns and fakes a smile at the nose profile of Amita. She stares at the sofa and watches Tulu feeling silent jealousy. He exhales with more annoyance and then returns back to see McCamy saying with a nasty tone. “Now, I gotta go and best you! Do you know that, man?”
“Go for it, bro!” McCamy comments and flips his black-tinted gloved hand in the air then laughs with the other teen males.
Baycliff shuffles ahead, stops, and stands at the same table, reaching down, grabbing a new brush. He dips the brush down the same rusty bite-nats canister of silver hue, jerking up a thick gob of paint in the air. He exhales with fear, like he’s about to faint on top of the floor. He inhales tons of air molecules clearing the dizziness then slowly spins around wearing a fake smile, moving back to Amita. He carefully totes the small brush of silver paint then slowly glances back to see McCamy.
McCamy nods with a smile and waves both of his arms in the air, exhibiting his cowboy encouragement in silence.
Rusk and Wolf both clap using a naked hand on their chest while hooting for fun. Then they lean over and fist-bump a folded fist, sounding with loud laughter.
Baycliff stops and stands in front of Amita, exhaling with heavy pants of fear. Amita extends her dirty naked hand and wiggles each dirty fingernail at Baycliff. He exhales with more fear and leans down carefully painting the silver bite-nats around her dirty fourth finger on her left dirty hand, the marriage hand.
She mentally performs the think object: ring.
A three-caret diamond engagement ring materializes magically at her fourth finger, on her left hand. Amita snatches her hand from his manly gripe and then swings around in a circle, tossing both of her arms in the air, shouting out loud with happiness. “I’m engaged, finally, for me! Look at my great big diamond engagement ring!” She dances around Baycliff with a chuckle, strolls ahead towards the sofa and then halts, invading the huddle of females while showing off her new bite-nats creation too.
Rari swiftly stands upright from the sofa and wears a smile shuffling around each standing teen, quickly dashing to Wolf and then stops. She bounces up and down folding her arms in front of her chest and says with a smile. “O please! O please! Please, make me a ring, too, Wolf!”
Wolf gasps in alarm and then turns with a worried brow to see Rusk. Rusk leans over with a grin and a whisper into Wolf’s eardrum. Wolf nods with a grin and moves ahead towards the same table with the rows of rusty bite-nats paint cans and then stops. He grabs a new brush then dips it down into the red tinted paint can lifting up the brush with red glitters in the air, back stepping from the table. He spins around to face Rari slowly moving ahead and then stops, standing beside Rari.
She bounces up and down with excitement and then halts extending her arm, wiggling each bite-nats decorated finger at Wolf. He paints a bite-nats ring around her middle finger on her left hand, going over the pink-tinted bite-nats paint. The new wet paint dissolves the pink paint and clings to her naked finger.
Rari closes her two eyelashes and then mentally performs the think object: ring.
A tiny red band of rubies appears on her middle finger.
Rari dances around both Wolf and Rusk shouting with happiness. Rusk chuckles at the cute moment as Wolf blushes in embarrassment from her girly girlfriend reaction. Rari races ahead with a smile and then stops standing inside the girly huddle, exhibiting her new ring also.
Inside the girly huddle, Pemona looks down with a gasp and reaches out, gently touching the ruby stone on her sister’s ring, back stepping with a lady sneer from the huddle. She spins around with a lady growl staring at Wolf. Rusk reaches over with laughter and grabs the arm on Wolf, shuffling both of them ahead towards Pemona.
In front of the solo chair, McCamy gasps in alarm and races ahead to protect his girl Tulu, stopping and stands beside Pemona.
Rusk and Wolf stop and stand inside the girly huddle between Pemona and Rari. Wolf swallows back the bitter bile and meekly says to Pemona. “Friend…ring.” Pemona gasps in alarm.
Rusk reaches over and slaps the bicep on Wolf, saying with a smile. “Wolf-man means, a friend, as in a friendship ring. The little ring is colored red for rosy and happy, my older and overprotective sister Pemona.”
Rari looks down and gasps at her ring saying with a sad face. “The ring is not real, only bite-nats paint,” she looks up and frowns at Tulu. “Is your beau going to give you a real ring? When is he going to give you a real ring, tomorrow or something? Can I be a girl in your wedding too? I like weddings and happy ever-after endings. Please! Pretty please, Tulu!”
Tulu sits down on top of the sofa and says with a smile to Rari. “After we end the Huntress and Hunter Games and then kick the fanny of Hico out of South Beach and right back to Metro City Birmingham, McCamy and I are getting married...”
“Wrong, Tulu!” Amita jabs her finger and her sour frown down at Tulu saying with a nasty tone. “You’re only sixteen years old. McCamy is seventeen years old. You have to wait until your seventeen and a half years old per Hico’s new law, before your biological parents can approve the marriage. The law states eighteen years old to marry. So, you must follow the law, Tulu. The law is set for your safety and obedience by a nice and smart and compassionate Director Hico.” She looks down and admires her three-caret diamond stone, gingerly touching the fake gem, looking back over her collar bone at Baycliff.
Baycliff hears the girly arguments and then exhales with a deep sigh of nervousness, moving ahead and then stops, standing beside his girl Amita, in silence.
Amita looks down at her fake ring touching the fake diamond, saying with a disappointed face. “I know that the ring is not real, Rari. But it’s the thought, the bite-nats thought, that comes to mind,” she looks up with an evil laugh and views each face. “Do you, dumb cow persons, get it? Behind the fake ring, Baycliff loves me more, since my caret is bigger than Tulu’s.”
Baycliff overhears the nasty slur coming out from the parted lips on his girl Amita and then gasps in alarm, turning with a worried brow to stare at McCamy.
McCamy continues to sneer at Amita but says nothing to his childhood friend, for both respect and love.
Rusk turns and frowns at Amita. “Are you really seventeen and a half years old, Amita? I thought we were all the same age as we all attended the same school grade and celebrated each birthday party at the same time. I’m only seventeen years old. When did you add additional months to your present age, girl? Did you age-up inside that dark silo for some reason, Amita?” He laughs with the other males.
Tulu states. “That’s not so, Amita! McCamy loves me, for me. Our love isn’t measured by a set of real diamonds or fake diamonds. Our love is eternal and immeasurable to the stars and then goes all the way up into the heavens. We’re soul mates and meant for each other. I can prove it.
“McCamy came after me, when I marched into the Apprenticeship Program. He faked a pretend death, so he could rescue me from an evil and vile Dictator Hico. Now, that’s true immeasurable eternal love! Baycliff didn’t do that for you, honey poo. He stayed there in South Beach instead and paired with my sister Taffy to find your lost body or your lost soul. I haven’t figured out which is missing either. Baycliff and Taffy was worried silly over your missing body and soul, Amita. So silly here, Taffy skipped school, got bad grades, and almost flunked out of her studies, but she finally graduated with Baycliff at her side.” She swiftly stands upright from the sofa and crosses her arms over the bite-nats corset, nodding her tea-topper hat on her bone skull to Amita.
McCamy scoots closer and reaches over grabbing and tucks his girl Tulu inside his black-tinted bite-nats long jacket for both protection and love, saying nothing but wears a sneer at Amita again.
Amita tosses both of her arms in the air and gasps in alarm slapping both of her hands down on her legs. She screams in fury, “Taffy!” She turns and frowns at Baycliff and then returns back to see Tulu. “Baycliff, he respects me! That’s all! Baycliff allows me to make my own decisions. Taffy just like to boss folks around, all the time, with her bad opinions, and poor judgments, and dumb decisions. That’s why Almena is counseling her, right now, Tulu. Taffy doesn’t like to share her toys inside the play pen.”
Baycliff reaches over and touches the thin shoulders on his girl Amita, leaning down and whispers into her eardrum. Amita ignores his wise suggestion, as usual, and continues to argue and debate with each teen, as usual, also.
Rusk reaches over and grabs the arm of Pemona, moving them from the vile conversation. He recalled from past yesterdays, when Amita gets started with her verbal debate, she never quits, until dead or the winner.
Pemona embraces the cuddle wearing a grin and spins around with Rusk slowly strolling hand-in-hand ahead towards the far wall corner and away from each acid tongue and set of the fiery verbs. She smiles and enjoys his warm touch around her waistline. They stop and stare into the purple and pink tinted wall intersection.
Rusk leans over with a smile and whispers into her cheekbone. “It’s much better over here in the wall corner. What do you think, honey?” He looks back over his collar bone at his brother McCamy. McCamy continues to hug Tulu as Tulu continues to argue with a stubborn Amita. Rusk returns back to see Pemona presenting his warm smile. “Well, do you wanna a ring, too? I guess.”
Pemona leans over and presses her body against Rusk, patting his chest, saying with a smile. “Thanks for entertaining, Rari! She loves the attention. Since her big sister traveled to the big, bad Metro City Birmingham, for the bigger and badder Apprenticeship Program, while almost getting the biggest and baddest whack of them all,” she chuckles with humor at her lame explanation and her almost death sentence. She was saved by the nice and unknown Bandit teenagers.
He smiles then shares. “I get that, to boot. I’m a baby of the family, too, and I like attention, as well. I almost will die for some fatherly attention from my dad. My dad, he takes a liking to the first born twin, before the second born one. I guess, it’s a family ritual thing, to boot.”
She nods and informs. “I can understand, also. My daddy likes to give me more attention plus more responsibility over my younger sister. I guess, my family exhibits the same ritual thing, to boot.”
He looks down at the floor and then back up with a grin, saying to Pemona. “I like you, a lot, Pemona. I feel very comfortable around you. You feel like a naked skin against my naked skin,” he laughs. “Well, this upcoming battle thing with Hico has got me thinking about lots of new ideas. Now, we get to face Hico, thrice, with an uncertain outcome.”
She nods with her stern face, saying with a sweet tone. “If you wanna give me a bite-nats diamond ring too, Rusk, then I’ll accept one from you. Then, I mean, you’ll have to inform my daddy, before you give me one of those real shiny great big diamond rings,” she shakes her sexy body sounding with a series of soft giggles.
He smiles then shares. “I wasn’t thinking of a bite-nats painted ring on your fourth finger on your left hand.”
“O!” She exclaims and exhales with a puff of disappointment.
He winks with his chuckle then states. “I wanna give you something better than a ring.” She frowns with confusion in silence. Rusk nods with a grin. “Most folks don’t know this. But the paint is really comprised of bite-nats molecules that live on your human body foreverly and inside your biological body parts, also, not just outside the human body. Outside, on the skin of your finger, the bite-nats paint washes off with any wet substance, such like, water, milk, fruit juice, rain, plant juice, body sweat, and mouth salvia.” He reaches down with a smile and grabs her black-tinted bite-nats gloved hand, lifting her hand to his lips, sucking on her black-tinted index finger. The painted on the glove disappears and then exposes the natural finger skin. She gasps at his tender kiss.
He drops her finger from his mouth then holds her hand, saying. “But inside your body, the bite-nats paint is permanent. If you place the molecules of bite-nats on the outside of your bloody hand, it heals the hand really fast. But if you mix the bite-nats paint into your blood proteins inside your body, it acts like a homing beacon and then scouts for the sister homing beacon.”
“Do you mean to say that the bite-nats paint will form a blood pact or something on a pair of human bodies? Is that a correct biological statement? Is that even possible, Rusk?” She frowns while trying to comprehend the complex concept of bite-nats from Rusk’s lecture.
He nods and says. “That’s the correct idea. If you cut a tiny spot on your naked forearm of your body and plant a tiny patch of bite-nats paint on your exterior wound, within the open or cut skin tissue, then you rub the bite-nats paint into your flowing red blood proteins. Then the covered and healthy blood proteins will fall back down into the open wound and swiftly travel through the vein on the forearm. Then your blood proteins, which are mixed with the bite-nats paint, can be given freely and friendly to another person. The other friendly person will cut a tiny spot on their naked forearm and then spill your personal blood proteins with your mixed bite-nats paint. Then the covered bite-nats blood proteins will freely flow through the wound and spread over the veins, moving around the interior body, on the other person, by their blood veins. Thus, you and the other person become a pair of inseparable buddies for life.”
She gasps with her smile then says. “Rusk, can I be your buddy for life?”
He nods and says. “Once our bite-nats and blood protein mix, we’re kinda bonded, like a pair of buddies, foreverly. The danger of the medical procedure, if you become hurt, you feel the pain throughout your biological body. Then, the other person, that contains your same bite-nats blood protein mixture, will also feel the same pain, as you. I can’t explain the science behind the medical miracle or nightmare. My daddy had been one of the D.N.A. genetic engineers, a long time ago, before Nuke War Three. He told me all about bite-nats paint as a little tike. One day, when we were horsing around the farm with the bite-nats paint on our bodies for fun, I scraped one of my kneecaps with a couple of bad open cuts. Then my dad won’t let me play with him or McCamy. He handed me a rusty can of blue-tinted bite-nats paint. Then I did a lousy job of painting the bite-nats blue liquid all over my wounded and bloody kneecap. Then it healed really quickly, without pain or blood. Then, I believed my daddy about the bite-nats paint. Are you really scared, now, honey bun?” She shakes her curls with a smile. He laughs. “Well, honey bun, I’m both scared and excited, here, too. Do you want me to do it first?” She nods with a grin in silence.
Rusk continues to hold her hand, slowly back stepping from the wall corner, cuddling her in his chest, spinning them around and faces the open archway. They slowly move ahead towards the table with the rows of bite-nats paint on top of the hard surface. Rusk glances at his two childhood friends McCamy and Baycliff.
Amita continues to argue using both of her nasty and angry words at her new and old friends. Baycliff continues to hug his girl Amita wearing a nervous face in silence.
McCamy continues to cuddle his girl Tulu displaying an anger face in silence.
McCamy and Baycliff, both of the teen males understand the use and the purpose of the bite-nats paint also. If either one of them figures out what Rusk is about to do with his biological body, then both of them will haul his ass from the playroom and then beat his butthole into bleeding or worse his body into unconsciousness.
In the center of the room, the center table holds rows of bite-nats paint. Rusk stops and stands beside Pemona, releasing her hand, wearing with a stern face. He reaches out and grabs the red-tinted bite-nats paint canister.
When the arm skin is cut, the blue-tinted blood proteins breathe in oxygen and then turn bright red in hue. If he paints on the red-tinted bite-nats paints, then his two childhood friends McCamy and Baycliff will not notice the difference of Rusk’s real blood proteins versus a new smear of red-tinted bite-nats paint on his naked forearm. And his forearm will be exposed, after he cuts the real skin and then bleeds with his real blood proteins over the yellow-tinted sleeve of bite-nats paint for a few seconds, until he can repaint for the wound and then recover the bloody wound in yellow-tinted bite-nats paint.
He exhales in both excitement and fear glancing over his collar bone, staring at the gathered huddle of teens. Amita still continues to sneer and finger points at each teen using her nasty words of hate and anger. Rusk is thankful that his old childhood friend Amita is mad and nicely occupies the huddle of anger teens.
He returns back with a smile and views the table surface, extending his natural arm that wears a yellow-tinted, long-sleeved bite-nats shirt towards the hard surface, exhaling with excitement and nervousness. He softly says, “Okay! I’ll do it first. Bite-nats was found to seal an open wound really quickly. So, you gotta be very swift! Watch this!” Rusk reaches over and jerks out one of the embedded tiny sharp knives from his arm prosthetic, placing the weapon in his metal hand. He extends his natural arm towards the table surface again.
His cupped hand with the brass fingers holds the tiny knife and reaches over, gently cutting down into the yellow-tinted bite-nats shirt which exposes the posterior interosseous artery, which is the cross-section middle on his exposed left forearm. He gently places the tiny knife on top of the table. The tiny cut bleeds profusely from the sliced skin, covering and then dissolves the surrounding bite-nats yellow-tinted paint, very quickly.
Rusk reaches down and grabs a tiny brush from the paint can, slapping an ounce of silver bite-nats paint, covering his red bloody wound, saying with a smile. “Watch this! The complete healing process moves very fast. My wound puncture turns into a silver tone from the bite-nats paint and then into a pink tone for mending and finally back into my brown tinted skin for healing that matches my old skin color. Did you see that? My cut is kind of scarred on the outer portion of my skin, but not hurt, only healed. Touch it!”
She reaches down with her natural index finger and touches his new patch of scarred skin that has been sealed fully by the bite-nats silver-tinted paint on his self-inflicted wound. She gasps in alarm and pulls back her hand, slapping her chest in amusement.
He smiles down at the scar on his forearm asking with a softy tone. “Okay! Are you ready? I’ll cut my arm at a new spot first. Then I cut your arm. Then I will mix my blood with the red tinted bite-nats paint first. Then I’ll lean over and gently spread my mixed bite-nats blood with your true blood proteins that flows out from your cut wound. Then you reach down and smear my mixed bite-nats blood and stir it down into your wound. That will combine your same bite-nats blood with mine. Do you understand?”
She nods with a smile and extends her jacket sleeve created by the green-tinted bite-nats paint placing on top of table surface, for an upcoming arm wound cut with his sharp tiny knife. Pemona meekly states, “Yeah! I got it! I can do it! Go on! Do it now!”
He nods as his metal hand reaches down and picks up the tiny knife from the table surface, reaching over, gently cutting a tiny spot on his bite-nats shirt that exposes another position on his posterior interosseous artery, which is the cross-section middle on his naked forearm. He gently places the tiny knife on top of the table. The tiny cut bleeds profusely from the sliced skin, covering and then dissolves the surrounding bite-nats yellow-tinted paint like before and very quickly also. He leans over and slices the sharp blade tip on her green-tinted bite-nats jacket sleeve, exposing her naked arm skin, where the knife tip has dissolved the green-tinted paint. Her tiny arm wound quickly bubbles up and then floods her arm in an array with her natural red-tinted blood proteins.
Rusk reaches over and places the knife on top of the table, reaching down for a new brush, dipping the brush down into an open canister of red-tinted bite-nats paint, slapping an ounce of red paint over his bloody wound. He tosses the wet brush on the table as it lands with a soft thump. He reaches down and quickly mixes his blood proteins with a new brush of red-tinted bite-nats paint, before it dries and then heals the wound shut. He lifts his red-tinted index finger in the air near his smile and then leans over, spreading the mixture of his true blood proteins and fake red-tinted bite-nats paint over her true bleeding wound. She gasps in pain.
“Mix it together with your finger, really fast.” He orders. “Yeah, the mixture of your blood and the bite-nats paint kinda burns your skin flesh, a little bit. I forgot to mention that.”
She reaches down and touches her warm red-tinted blood proteins, mixing her blood and his mixture of red colors into her bloody cut wound.
His wound puncture turns bright red tone from the bite-nats paint then a pink tone for mending and finally back into his brown-tinted skin for healing that matches his old skin color. A new wound cut become a small scar on top of his naked skin.
Her wound puncture duplicates his same medical miracle as she stares down at tiny cut hole in her bite-nats jacket and her new skin scarred tissue on top of her dark-tinted natural-looking naked forearm.
He says and smiles down at her scar. “Now, we’re both bonded and connected foreverly. Nothing can separate us, foreverly!” She looks up and smiles leaning over, kissing his lips for a while then pulls back with a smile. Rusk winks and holds their shared secret forever. “Okay! If you get hurt, then I can feel it and come to your rescue and save your life again.” He softly chuckles. He had saved her life force from an attacking and crazy teen girl Taffy among the Rose Garden.
“Then you’ll come and save me twice as nice!” She states then softly giggles at her new boyfriend and future husband.
He reaches down and grabs the tiny knife, replacing the weapon back into his metal arm. He reaches down again and grabs the coated brush of silver, leaning over, grabbing her exposed naked finger. He paints a thin ring on top of her naked flesh, on her left hand.
She mentally performs the think object: ring.
A band of tiny diamonds appears on her index finger. She smiles. “What’s this?”
He tosses the brush down on top of the table and says with a smile. “It is a B.F.F.R., which means, Best Fiancée Forever Ring,” he leans over and kisses her lips, pulling back with a wink. “Until, I ask for your hand in marriage from your daddy or your mama. Who wears the pants in your family, Pemona?”
“Rusk,” she softly giggles then reaches over slapping his chest, laughing with amusement. She grabs his hand and drags him away from the table surface. They move ahead and then stop standing in the same wall corner, really close, and away from the huddle of teens while whispering into each other’s face.
Outside in the hallway, Taffy follows with a sour frown and a string of soft curse words staring at the back spine on Almena and then Festus, accepting the adult advice, since she is only a teenager. Aleman and Festus enter the Playroom setting, move ahead, and then stop, standing in front of the mirrors on each wall, surveying each teen.
Taffy enters through the same archway and stops a few feet inside the room, staring at the wall corner. Rusk and Pemona stand in the far wall corner, acting like a pair of lovers, touching each other body parts, sounding with a set of loud chuckles. Taffy darts her eyeballs to a huddle of teens.
McCamy, Tulu, Rari, Wolf, Amita, and Baycliff continue stand in front of the sofa in a weird oval-shaped huddle as loud mouth and anger teen Amita continues to argue with a set of fighting word and then points at each teen.
Inside the huddle, Tulu cuddles inside McCamy’s chest and stares at Amita and then sees her sister Taffy. She scoots away from McCamy and Amita, dashing ahead with a smile to Taffy, stopping and holds out her naked hand, showing a diamond ring, which is fake, of course.
Taffy stands in place and reaches out holding the tiny hand on her sister, nodding with a smile. She feels both happiness and joy for Tulu and her overprotective beau McCamy.
McCamy back steps then struts away from the huddle, and finally halts, standing beside Tulu, pulling her into his cuddle, wearing a grin and nods in silence to Taffy. They spin around and then move ahead, strolling back towards the same oversized chair while sounding with a set of sniggers and giggles of happiness.
Amita spins around inside the huddle then views Taffy, lifting her arm in the air, wiggling her fingers.
Taffy views Amita and gasps in shock, seeing a glittering diamond ring the left marriage hand of her best friend. Taffy feels rejection, sadness, jealousy, and lonely as an only un-paired girl, within the perfect coupled picture, inside a room of boy-girl, boy-girl, boy-girl, boy-girl.
Baycliff spins around with a sour frown and then smiles at Taffy, moving away from Amita, yelling for attention. He stops in front of the center table containing the rows of bite-nats paint canister, a set of dirty and dry brushes and a circle of free-standing mirrors. He removes his metal arm from his naked bicep and then carefully places it down on top of the table, tossing both of his natural arms in the air, saying with a smile, “All right! The love fest is done. Everyone come over here and gather around the table. We have lots of work to do. And we have a plan which has been started by the Plan Mistress, improved by the Plan Master and approved by the Steampunk Gang.” Every teen moves ahead to the table sounding with a set of claps, hoots, and whistles inside the playroom and then halts, surrounding the table, staring at Baycliff.
Baycliff says with a nod to each teen. “We all leave, after Sun Block, a little after six am. So, right now, we help clean up each dirty brush in the provided tubes of clean water on top of this table here inside the Play Room and also inside the Game Room too. Then pack up your favorite colored cans of bite-nats paint in your arms and paint up a nap sack and carry your individual cans into the Showcase scene, tomorrow evening, at our home, the South Beach Colony. We’ll store and tote each stuffed picnic baskets, which has been graciously provided by our wonderful host and hostess with the mostest,” he claps with a smile and then views Almena and Festus. Each teen claps with a smile for Almena and Festus also. Then, both Almena and Festus slightly bow a chin to each teen in silence.
At the table, Baycliff reaches down and grabs the handle of two dirty brushes, leaning over, dunking it down into the tub of fresh water. The water dissolves the paint, leaving a clean brush and a tub of colored water. He orders, “We’ll carry all the brushes and all the other supplies loading into our transport, before our beddy-bed time ritual. Almena and Festus both have offered us a good night’s sleep here along with more great food tonight and tomorrow morning,” he looks up with a nod to see Almena, licking his lips with a chuckle. “I’m looking forward to the delicious mid-night snacks and the early morning gut-filling breakfast.”
Tulu starts to work cleaning dirty brushes and then stops, reaching over, slapping Baycliff’s arm. She presents a sour frown.
He continues to clean off the brushes and says with a chuckle. “And they have provided us a set of fresh and clean clothes against the side wall, besides wearing again Hico’s rags. You can bite-nats up a pair of sleeping pajamas or use some of the real clothes. Your call or draw or pick! But, be ready for rolling tomorrow morning at six. Or you’ll be walking tomorrow until Sun Block. And I know it doesn’t rhyme either. You will be walking to the cliffs, instead of riding inside one of our fine new transports, which is called a terrain machine. The new transports are out back which will be getting loaded with all of our new gear tonight. We have invaded their home space long enough. It’s late, South Beach Bandits! Paint up a bed for the nighttime slumber here inside the Play Room…”
“…for little girls…” Almena stands with a stern face in front of the mirrored wall and points down to the floor. “The Game Room setting will hold all the little boys. Do my selected stern words comprehend your numb teenage minds?” Each teen nods with a smile and bumps into their neighbor, sounding with a series of chuckles. She smiles and shoves her husband towards the open archway, saying with a smile, “Very good, teens! Good night to all! I can and will and shall see everyone coming from a separate hallway, before the breakfast meal, before Sun Block.” Each teen laughs with a nod of amusement. The parents move ahead then shuffles through the archway leaving the Play Room in silence.
Wolf finishes the cleaning his set of brushes, placing them in a pile, wearing a worried brow, waving both his arms and hands above his skull. He states with a firm tone, “I got a question here. Is Taffy going to be safe while wearing her personal bite-nats outfit there inside the first ever Showcase event?” He slaps both of his hands down on his painted bite-nats blue jeans.
“Of course, she will! Taffy never stands out, even during her academic classes.” Amita states with a nasty tone then slowly moves away from the sofa starting to perform a set of lady sneers at the back spine on Taffy.
“What would Taffy be in danger? I don’t understand. She’s going to be safe with us.” Tulu comments and finishes cleaning her pile of brushes and then looks up frowning at Taffy.
Taffy stands between Wolf and Baycliff, finishing the task, wiping both of her hands on the dry cloth. She views each teen and says with a stern face, “I believe that the question should be posed and analyzed by each one of us. We are all in danger here, if Hico finds out that we’re spying and scouting around his first ever Showcase event, that will be armed and loaded with his gang of insect pests there at our homestead. I suggest we keep the bite-nats masks and the boxes of iron hands close to use as we visit around our home and away from our parents.”
Tulu nods with her worried brow then shares. “Our parents know what’s happening to us too. Our parents saw us on that electronic television device. They…”
“Right, Tulu!” Taffy says with a nod. “Yes, our parents know. But we know that we don’t want any more stupid danger moves that will harm our parents. Hico might have threatened our parents just to get us to do something stupid or maybe something smarter. We lay low…”
“I have a great plan!” Wolf states and claps with a smile. “I think we need a set of ‘code’ names that matches our ‘cool’ disguises. If we call out his real name of Baycliff, which is a very usual name, bro, then Hico’s spies will identify us, well, him immediately. I suggest we change our names to something simple, since we are impersonalizing a showcase of fake Riders.” He frowns and views Baycliff, then Rusk, and finally McCamy, reaching over the work table, grabbing a glass pitch drinking water with a set of ice cubes. He lifts the pitch of full water and pours some of the ice cold water over his bone skull, feeling the coolness of water and the warmth of bite-nats. The bite-nats start to decompose back into colored paint spots as the cold water washes most of the paint away from his tall body frame. Wolf side steps and tosses the rest of the cold ice water at the chest on Baycliff, Rusk, and finally McCamy while laughing in sick amusement.
Baycliff back steps with a gasp of shock then wipes off his wet chest using both of his hands, stomping forward, sneering to Wolf. He shares, “Pray to Almighty God for mercy, now, boy! Because, you’re going to meet Your Maker, hoss!”
Rusk scoots around Wolf then blocks at Baycliff, chuckling with delight. He says. “Let the boy explain his stupid death threat!” Baycliff shoves ahead on Rusk trying to get the teen while sneering at Wolf again.
Wolf places the empty pitcher on top of the table and then slaps his wet chest, saying with a nod. “Do you see my pale naked chest? Do you see his dark naked chest? Each South Beach Bandit displays a tone dark skin from the hot heated sun. A Rider lives among the forest tresses and cool mountains with the bears and the cats. They don’t like the sun and neither does a Rider. We all are pale and…”
“Puny!” Baycliff shouts and continues to shove on Rusk trying to harm Wolf, sounding with a series of loud growls.
“No, bro!” Wolf slaps his chest and smiles with a nod. “The other Riders and I can fight too. You, boys and girls have gotten change your skin tone from dark into white. Or no one will believe that you’re a Rider, in this Showcase deal.”
Taffy states and points with a nod to Wolf. “Wolf-man’s right! Place all the tan, beige, and white paint cans down into each picnic basket also. We can experiment with a new type of skin pigmentation tomorrow, inside our reserved hotel room. I was located inside the living room. The electronic television device popped back on and told us more information. Hico has renovated that old run-down hotel near Baycliff’s farmland, which is located on the outskirts of the limestone cliff. So, we all check-in and register for the first Showcase event, like the rest of the Riders, Rockers and Swamplanders. Then we all separate into small groups and go and scout out who’s home and who’s not.” Each teen nods in silence. She nods with a smile. “I agree with Wolf-man. We need some type of simple code names like A, B. B for Bee. I’m Bee. C for...”
“I want the name Zee that starts with the letter of Z, not the letter of C,” Tulu waves her hand sounding with a giggle.
Wolf tosses both of his arms in the air and says. “I want the letter of C for my new code name of Cam.”
Baycliff points and laughs at Wolf then comments. “If he’s called the code name of Cam, then I’m called the code name of Dam,” he laughs with the others.
“No, snot-hole!” Rusk shakes his skull then says.
Taffy smiles then shares, “A, B, C, D…”
“I wanna be called the code name of Dee.” Pemona informs then giggles.
Taffy continues to smile and shouts the rest of the alphabetic letters. “E, G…”
Baycliff frowns then states. “Okay! I’ll take the letter of G. For geez, this is so obvious that we’re making up names just to enter and then win the first Showcase event, so we can participate in the throat-cutting, blood-festering, death-marking dance competition…”
“No letter of G for obtuse Baycliff,” Taffy states then frowns. “We start with the letter sequence of H, I, J…”
“I wanna be called the code name of Jee.” Amita states then stops her walk and stands beside Baycliff, wearing her smile.
“Kee is me.” Rusk says then smiles and points to Baycliff. “The letter of L belongs to Baycliff, who can use a code named of Lee,” he laughs with the others.
“Look! If you use that silly rhyming scheme, then I wanna be Pee.” Baycliff says and slaps his wet chest. Rusk shakes his skull and chuckles with his South Beach buddy.
Taffy exclaims. “No, Baycliff!”
“No, snot-hole! You’ll become the code name of Lee. Or you’ll become my fist.” Rusk states and holds his natural fist near his smile.
“I’ll be called, Lee.” McCamy states and raises his hand nodding to each teen to retire the catfight. McCamy wants all his friends to rest and prepare for the upcoming deadly fight against Hico and his true outlaws.
Rusk smiles then states, “So, Baycliff’s code name is Tee. We’re done. Time to go to bed, you’ll!” He spins and claps leading the others from the Play Room setting for bedtime routine.


Code names/South Beach Bandits:

Bee/Taffy
Cam/Wolf
Dee/Pemona
Jee/Amita
Kee/Rusk
Lee/McCamy
Tee/Baycliff
Zee/Tulu
June 7th Sunday


Kitchen space setting
04:04 a.m.
Warm temperatures and dark sky without stars


Rusk stands in front of the kitchen counter hearing his growling stomach, slapping a piece of bread on top of the pile of fresh meat, stuffing the first newly created and delicious sandwich onto his pink tongue then chews vigorously. He scans the empty kitchen counters and searches for an empty tray to hold seven more turkey sandwiches for a hunger belly from three whiny teen males sleeping or resting inside the Game Room. He spots a flat brown-tinted paper bag near the wash sink and reaches out grabbing the paper, gently dumping down a tower of food and then folds the lip on the paper bag for food protection.
A faint sound echoes in the close distance inside the room, where the nighttime remains dark with bright stars, until the heat index increases at an exponential rate, before Sun Block.
A dark shadow sneaks into the kitchen, then dashes ahead, and finally stops behind Rusk. A pair of soft hands reaches around and grabs his bicep swinging Rusk around to face Pemona.
Rusk reacts with a sneer then twirls Pemona in a half-circle, slamming her back spine against the wash sink in front of the glass window, sounding with a gasp. He sees her stunned face. She gasps in alarm then smiles slapping her hand over her parted lips, sounding with a set of giggles.
Rusk leans over and slaps his wet kiss on her forearm, then her cheekbone, reaching out, grabbing and guides the fixed sandwich into his open mouth, chewing vigorously the second bite of food. She frowns at the food item then whispers. “Rusk, my mama will prepare the breakfast meal around six o’clock, this morning. There’ll be plenty of food to go around.”
He swallows the lump of food then states. “I’ll eat that too,” he bites another hunk of food and chews with his grin, leaning around Pemona, narrowing his eyelids and focuses on a distance object.
“Does my breath stink?” She inquires and reaches out with her palms pressing his wrinkled tee shirt down, outlining his chest muscles and travels down to his belly button.
“Naw,” he states then bites another chunk of food, chewing and then refocuses his acute eyeballs on a distance object, leaning over the side of her body, narrowing his two eyelids.
Outside in the quiet hallway, the male voice yells out loud. “I hear voices! Who’s awake and up before breakfast time?” Festus appears and stands inside the archway, sounding with a gasp of shock. “What in tarnation?”
“Daddy!” Pemona exclaims and turns with her gasp to see her father.
“Duck!” Rusk shouts and drops his sandwich and the paper bag of food items down on the floor, reaching over, wrapping his arms around Pemona. They swiftly fall sideways away from the wash sink, landing down on his shoulder on top of the tile as he cuddles Pemona into his chest for body protection.
A series of loud bangs echo throughout the room as four separate bullets break and then explode out the kitchen window glass. One of the stray bullets hits the upper bicep on Festus. He back pedals into the oven stove and then kneels down on the floor, sliding across the room while holding a bleeding shoulder and cursing like thunder.
A single fire bomb flies through the broken glass landing inside the dry sink and then burns into a light flame, slowly dying from the water drops.
A second fire bomb enters through the same broken window landing on top of the kitchen counter, burning a hole down into the tile materials.
A third fire bomb sails through the air from the same broken window and then gracefully slides down on top of the metal-coated oven stove. A series of hot flames swiftly crawls around each stove eye then quickly licks up the dried grease and all the fossilized food exploding into a wall of flames that brightens in the kitchen setting in shades of reds, yellows, and blues.
On the floor, Rusk swiftly moves off from Pemona and then sits upright on both of his kneecaps, leaning backwards, moving in a butt-crawl over Pemona and leads to the open archway. He shuffles over the kitchen floor and then out through the open archway as numerous plumes of bright colorful flames tries to invade the wallpapered hallway. He stands upright from the floor first and then leans down, assisting her to stand, shouting out loud to the other occupants of the house, “Fire! Get out! Fire! Get out! Fire! Fire!”
Pemona reaches out and touches his naked arm yelling out the new information. “Daddy is a mechanical engineer. The entire house is rigged with his mechanical commands.” She swings around and screams to her father. “Daddy, are you harmed?”
Inside the kitchen archway, Festus slowly shuffles backwards from the kitchen archway sounding with a string of soft curse words and then slams into the side wall inside the hallway, reaching out with one hand, touching the proper button. He slaps the button and turns to see the burning kitchen setting, wearing with a worried brow. A steel door crashes down into a set of slanted grids that has been built into the wooden floor between the kitchen setting and family living room. Behind the steel door, musical notes of splashes and then swishes of pumped fresh pond water and tons of chemical foam work together extinguishing the kitchen flames and fireballs.
He coughs out loud and then mumbles loudly. “I’m fine, sweetheart.” He swings around with a worried brow and sees Rusk and Pemona, shouting with alarm, holding his bloody arm. “Prepare to fight against Hico’s guards, Rusk! Go and get the girls and boys up!” He turns and views Rari inside the hallway, shouting out his commands. “Go and release the horses, before they set the barn on fire, Rari. Hurry! Hurry, Rari!” The loud echoes of hitting bullets awake the other occupants inside the house.
More individual bullets smash through some of the front entrance glass windows damaging the family living room setting as a running upright body drops down and lands on the wooden floor for protection, cursing with fear. Then each body stands upright and then races quickly into a different direction.


Living room setting
04:14 a.m.
Warm temperatures with darkness without stars

Taffy dashes ahead with a worried brow from the Play Room first, entering into the living room setting, studying the gun rake and then stops. She opens the door, grabbing the ammunition and one of the rifles, squatting down. She moves sideways over her kneecaps while loading the rifle. She turns to face the entrance wall and reaches up slamming the cold barrel on the rifle into the window. The glass window breaks into a set of small and large pieces of fragments, falling over the floor and down on the front porch. She aims the metal tip through the broken window, jamming the handle underneath her armpit, firing at each shiny headlight that represents a moving vehicle.
Rusk appears and dashes through the open archway of the family living room setting, stopping in front of the gun rack. He grabs a rifle also and then spins around, marching to the same entrance wall, squatting down. He breaks the glass window on the opposite side of Taffy, hiding beside a wooden book case, shooting out each bullet into the advancing blinding headlights on a second moving vehicle.
Pemona races around the house and clears each room, closing the door for safety, containing any type of fire inside the room.
Inside the hallway, Almena stands and treats Festus’s wounded arm, before their plan to escape from their home, since Festus Farms has become un-safe, until Director Hico is ran out of South Beach along with his band of nasty Insect friends.
Inside the hallway, McCamy tucks his girl Tulu into his chest, moving swiftly through the busy corridor while listening to Festus’s orders. He shuffles into the living room and then separates from Tulu, dashing ahead and then stops. He stands over the hair roots of Taffy beside the wall and away from the flying bullets, squatting down then jerks the shotgun from her hands, shouting with a firm voice. “Help get the horses released with Rari, Taffy! And go and take care of Tulu!”
Taffy slides backwards from the window pane and swiftly crawls over the floor and then stands upright from the floor, spinning around, rushing ahead towards her sister and wears with a worried brow, in silence.
McCamy turns with a worried brow and shouts to Tulu and Taffy. “We’ll ran from here and meet ya’ll beside a column of terrain machine machines which is parked inside the garage building, muffin. We leave as soon as it’s safe. Spread the word, Taffy!” Tulu and Taffy back step from the open archway and leave McCamy. Taffy spins around first and wears a worried brow, exiting the living room setting. Tulu follows with a worried brow and races behind the back spine on her sister.
Inside the living room setting, Ruck continues to fire into a second and third moving vehicle. McCamy returns back and looks down, checking the ammo, reloading the gun then slaps the mount shut. He aims the rifle through the broken window taking Taffy’s, firing into a set of advancing blinding headlights on four different terrain vehicles that shine in the darkness, less than an hour before Sun Block.
Inside the empty hallway, Taffy dashes ahead and shouts to her sister. “Tulu, go and get Amita outta her bite-nats bed mattress and into one of the transports, right now! I’m go and help Rari get all the horses out from each barn stall, before the fire spreads to barn or bullets meet some horse flesh. Meet all of us in the garage!” Tulu veers down a different hallway in silence.

At 04:16 a.m., Tulu turns and enters the Play Room and then halts, sounding with a loud grunt.
Baycliff stands on his kneecaps and wears a worried brow, holding the hands on Amita like they are praying for a miracle from Almighty God. He states with worry. “We need to leave, now, honey bell.”
Amita continues to sit on top of a coral-tinted bite-nats padded bed mattress and wears a sad face, sobbing with her worried tears, “Help! Help me! Hico’s here and he’s going to take me back there, back there to that awful place. Save me! Save me! Save me!”
“Honey bell, come with me,” Baycliff continues to squat and hold her hands, saying with a worried brow and a nod. “I’ll take you back home to South Beach.”
Amita moans out loud within her array of pretend scary mental thoughts screaming out her panicked words. “Hide me somewhere! Anywhere!” Her wet eyeballs dart around the Play Room and as she sobs with tears seeking a new hiding spot.
Tulu drops down besides Amita and wears a stern face, reaching out, patting the collar bone on her friend, saying with a worried brow and a set of rushed words. “Amita, we’re going back home to South Beach. We have a set of transports ready for hauling us back home. Please, come and stand right now! Baycliff, he can carry you to the transport. Then, we all go back home.”
Amita turns and sobs with more tears saying to Tulu. “No! No! Hide me now! Hide me right now! Hico, he’ll follow me and then find me and then take me back to that awful place! I’ll go back to that Silo underneath the dirt below the two trees. No! No! Hide me right now!”
Tulu swiftly stands upright and wears a stern face and then back pedals a few feet from Amita, slapping the bicep on Baycliff, saying with a firm tone. “We don’t have time for this. Do it, Baycliff!”
Baycliff slides backwards from the bite-nats bed frame and sounds a deep moan, rearing back his fist, flying it forwards then gently pops Amita in her jawline. She falls sideways into his open arms, presenting an unconscious body. Tulu leads out from the Play Room first. Baycliff slowly stands upright from the floor and totes Amita, spinning around, rushing through the open archway and exits the room, leaving the house for safety with his girl.

At 04:29 a.m., inside a red-tinted wooden horse barn, Taffy stands in place and pops open the latch on the last horse stall, reaching inside, grabbing a yellow tinted halter on a black-tinted stallion, leading him calmly from the barn and then halts in front of the set of open gates that leads into the grassy pasture. She continues to stand and impatiently waits with worry for Rari, who is releasing the rest of the metal latches inside the barn building.
Each stall door swiftly swings open freeing a horse. The herd of mares will follow the stallion away from the barn and then down into the cool wet pastures. Rari finally finishes her assigned task. Each mare peeks out from its personal stall with caution.
In front of the open gates that lead towards the safety of the green hilly pastures, Taffy leans over into the wet muzzle on the stallion, saying with a calm voice. “Call them to you, boy! Time for some fun with your herd of mares!” The stallion neighs as each mare prettily prances from her private barn stall. Taffy runs ahead beside the stallion through the open gates into the pasture lands, sliding the halter off his skull while releasing him to freedom.
The stallion trots ahead and then stops on top of the grassy hilltop, loudly neighing for his girls. Each pretty mare races towards the open entrance gate, running into the pasture land of green grass and wild flower fields while making all the horses safe from the house fire and Hico’s goons.
Taffy spins around with a worried brow then races ahead towards the garage building, following behind Rari.
Baycliff is dashing ahead of Taffy, carrying the unconscious body of Amita across his collar bone. Tulu runs beside him. Then they both disappear into a brightly lit garage space.
Inside the house, a series of loud-sounding cracks of flying bullets coming from each rifle on every one of Hico’s nasty guards fly through each broken glass pane landing inside the warm and cozy living room setting. Two upright dark shadows dashes one at a time through an exterior door on the side of the house within the blinding lamps of flood lights. McCamy and Wolf race ahead towards the garage building.
Taffy continues to run ahead over the manicured grass, outside the house and then skids into a halt, sounding with a set of heavy breathes, after hearing her name. She swings around with a worried brow and views Tulu.
Tulu waves her hand and sits in a passenger seat inside a tiny gray-tinted terrain machine, without a rooftop but with a set of side doors. She pats the driver’s empty seat yelling something incoherent over the muffle of the loud engine.
Taffy twirls around with a gasp then views the lighted side wall on the house, hearing an echo bullets from each firing gun, within the early morning hours of darkness. Rusk is still inside the house firing the rifle bullets at Hico’s guards.
Wolf races ahead from the side of the house, within the bright artificial lights, extending his arm during his escape from an array of flying bullets and then catches the naked arm on Taffy, swinging her beside his chest. He says with a worried brow and a rush of words. “Where are you going to, Taffy?”
“Rusk!” She shouts out loud in worry then jerks away from his hug, dashing beside him, glancing over her collar bone. She wears a worried brow viewing the lit side wall on the ranch house, without seeing Rusk, but hearing an array of loud gun shots. She returns back to see the dark lawn without tripping over her feet and quickly races beside Wolf towards a garage building.
“He’s coming out, soonest.” He states in heavy breathes and continues to race ahead wearing a worried brow, entering the garage space. “Get into the terrain machine with me! I’m driving!”
She enters open garage building, saying in panic and worry. “Over there! Over there! I…I continue to hear a series of gun shots coming into each broken window inside the living room. Rusk, he…he’s still in there. We can’t leave Rusk behind for Hico…”
“Chill, doggie!” Wolf comments and then captures Taffy wearing a smile then drags her upright body along with her girly whines towards the new object, “Rusk busted out the door few seconds ago and now runs with Pemona,” he skids to a halt with Taffy beside the next terrain machine, releasing her, sliding down in the driver’s seat. He cranks the cold engine waiting on Taffy and the travel instructions from someone.
“Pemona!” Taffy shouts in panic and stands beside the driver’s seat starting to softly sneer at the name and the girl and the pretend couple appearance. She turns and stares at the open archway. Pemona rushes into the garage space holding Rusk’s hand then stops standing inside the open archway, pointing at the last terrain machine.
Outside the garage building, McCamy exits the house then slides down into the driver’s seat on the parked terrain machine by his girl Tulu, who wiggles in the passenger seat with worry. He drives the machine ahead several yards from the garage building then halts the vehicle while waiting on the driving instructions from Pemona.
Inside the garage space, Pemona leads Rusk to the last terrain machine and shouts to Wolf. “Wolf, get going next and get out of the garage building. I’m driving and leading the terrain machines through the woods.”
Wolf nods to the new Bandit leader and then slowly performing a putt-putt on the terrain machine, leaving the garage space with Taffy, parking outside on the manicured grass beside McCamy and Baycliff.
Inside the garage space, Pemona releases Rusk’s hand then stops, sliding down into the driver’s seat on the last terrain machine. Rusk rushes around the rear bumper then the side of the machine, sliding down into the passenger seat, webbing his body into the chair then slaps his hand on the tiny console, exhaling with worried emotions.
She cranks the engine then slowly performs a putt-putt from the garage space, driving outside the garage building over the manicured grass, halting beside Baycliff’s machine. She stands and points towards a thick forest on the edge of her farm property shouting out her instructions to the teens. “I’ll lead us out in the terrain machine. We’re taking all the country back roads which will be mostly made up of woodland trails and old horse paths on our farm land property. We’ll be safe enough from Hico’s guards, until we reach the numerous potholes on an ancient terribly paved road highway, leading us towards the Birmingham Cliffs, which is Rusk’s home.”
Inside the parked terrain machine, Wolf shouts out loud with worry. “What about the safety and the escape plan for your parents, Pemona?” He guns the engine hearing a series of ringing shots in the air waves going into the room on Fester’s house.
Pemona shouts with a smile and points at her house, “Don’t worry, Wolf! Both of my parents can shoot a gun. They’ll hold off Hico’s guards off from them and us, until we’re cleared from the barn and all the crop fields. Hico’s men are not that close. Everyone, sit down and get webbed into the seat for our new fun adventure! Let’s get moving!” She slides down then grabs Rusk’s hand, leaning over, kissing his lips and pulls back with a smile. They cheer with a rebel yell of victory.
Rari exits the house and races towards Pemona inside the terrain machine, wearing a worried brow, slamming into the driver’s door on the machine then mouth spits into her sister’s face.
Pemona turns and frowns, pointing back at the house, yelling at her sister Rari. “Go back and ride with our parents, Rari, inside the bigger road vehicle while steering towards the Birmingham Cliffs. All these tiny terrain machines are full and filled with the teens. We’re all going to meet up and greet each other on top of the smooth, flat, limestone, rock-coated Birmingham Cliffs. We’ve never visited there before either.”
Rari nods in silence to her older sister then back steps from the running machine, spinning around with a worried brow, racing back into the house to find her.
Taffy exits the terrain machine with Wolf and races ahead to a sitting Rusk, slamming into the machine, slapping his collar bone. “Rusk, come and ride with me, so Rari can ride with her…”
“No time to chat!” Pemona orders then slides down webbing into driver’s chair and shouts to the drivers. “Everyone, mount up, now! We go and get Hico right now, today, and stop his evil plans.” She presses the gasoline pedal and drives ahead leading the other terrain machines, leaving Taffy alone on top of the burnt grass blades.
Drivers Baycliff and McCamy follows behind Pemona passing the ancient tire swing, the wooden old picnic table, pods colorful wildflower patches, and fields of colorful food crops.
On top of the grass blade, Taffy continues to stand and watches the new terrain machine forming a silly choo-choo train parade.
Inside the last terrain machine, Wolf performs a slow putt-putt then halts beside Taffy, waving his hand, shouting at her. “Get in the vehicle, now, Taffy.” A pair of brake lights blares in two individual red lumps. Pemona slows the speed then carefully follows a hidden horse trail disappearing inside a grove of dark trees.
Outside the garage opening, inside the last terrain machine, Wolf guns the engine and shouts with his worried brow at Taffy. “Get in, now, Taffy!” Taffy slides down in the passenger seat, exhaling with frustration in silence. He turns and stares at the loud commotion ahead. “Pemona is driving ahead, leading the other three terrain machine towards a grove of dark trees.” He laughs. “Pemona, she’s a different girl from the Apprenticeship Program yesterday. She’s a real spit fire. Don’t you think, Taffy?”
Taffy continues to sit and sneers at the moving commotion ahead saying with a tight throat. “Yeah, she’s different alright.”
He slaps her arm and points at the tan colored webbing, saying with a stern face. “You must wear the webbing gear, Taffy Pudding. These machines are small but buck worse than saddle-breaking a two-year-old colt.” He un-webs his netting with a grin while the engine continues to run then he slides off the seat, standing upright on the burnt grass.
She snaps the webbing around her body then views Wolf, shouting at his back spine, “What! What is it, Wolf? What’s wrong?”
He continues to stand and points inside the garage space, saying with his frown. “Man, I forgot my tulips!” He spins around and races towards the garage building for his prize.
She follows his body movements around the rear of the machine sounding with a gasp of panic, waving both of her arms in the air, hitting the rooftop frame. Taffy screams, “Tulips! We have no more time for this, Wolf. Forget the flowers! We need to…”
An array of gun fire flies through the night air and echoes in the air waves.
He disappears into the garage space while laughing out loud then shouts back to Taffy. “My tulip flowers are for Hico and his upcoming cold dead blue body, after I stab him in the heart, with my knife, for killing my little Dove.”
Inside the last terrain machine, she stares at the back spine on Wolf, feeling anger, fear, and frustration. She can’t believe that her guy Rusk is riding that girl Pemona. Well, this is an emergency, after all.
When all the true natives get back home to the Birmingham Cliffs, which is Taffy’s personal home territory too, she will have the advantage over a tall and sexy Pemona. Then Rusk will remember his girlfriend Taffy and all of their fun times together, since Rusk is exhibiting his usual sweetheart moves while helping a pretty damsel in crisis. Anyways, after Hico is gone or buried, Rusk will become Taffy’s boyfriend again.
Inside the terrain machine, she nods with a smile and a giggle of correcting her unhappiness, hearing the gun shot discharge that echoes throughout the air waves. Taffy glances back over her collar bone and sounds with a gasp, looking at the lighted side wall on the farm house.
The body of young Rari rests on her face, without movement. She lies dead on top of the brown dirt as one of Hico’s guards possesses an accuracy shoot coming from the row of high green-tinted shrubs at the front entrance of the house.
A series of gun shots fire coming from a row of tall shade trees in the air, hitting the house walls. Two dark shadows appear inside a dark archway as each upright figure swiftly drops down one at a time through the opening archway, landing on top of the hard concrete, producing a loud crunch of broken bones and splattered blood proteins. Each grounded figure does not move permanently either.
Inside the last terrain machine, Taffy exhales with sadness. Pemona’s sister Rari and her parents, Festus and Almena are dead, since some of Hico’s guards possess a set of accurate shots again.
Inside the garage opening, Wolf races ahead towards the terrain machine, tossing a red-ribbon tied bouquet of yellow tulips at Taffy. Taffy catches the flying flowers with a gasp of shock dropping the bouquet down in her lap. Wolf slides back down in the driver’s seat with a chuckle and guns the engine, without noticing the three dead bodies on the side wall of the house, racing ahead towards the line of disappearing terrain machines, which have all vanished into the thick forest for protection and from secrets.
Inside the terrain machine, her guts, fanny, and heart bounce up and down on top of the hard plastic passenger seat as she glances back over her collar bone with a sad face seeing the burning house and the three dead bodies of Pemona’s family unit.
In the bright artificial light, on the side wall of Festus’s house, a dark shadow appears and stands inside the open archway, holding his gun near his skull. The heated rifle barrel aims in the direction at the rear bump of the last terrain machine, where Taffy and Wolf ride into the forest.
Taffy gasps in shock. The rifle barrel discharges a single shot that falls short from the intended target as the last terrain machine swiftly travels further away from the house, the manicured yard, and the three dead bodies of Pemona’s clan. Taffy spins around and gasps of worry ducking down from the low-lying tree limbs without getting knocked unconscious.
Beside the side wall on the house, a group of armed guards relay the terrible news using one of the modified mini-television screen devices back to their boss Hico about a gang of young escapees that ride inside an individual terrain machine, who have escaped from the burning farm house. The young escapees have murdered Pemona’s parents and her little sister Rari in cold blood and they have been identified as the three original members of the South Beach Bandit dance team. They are departing the farm house and returning back to the South Beach Colony.
The group of armed guards are ordered to pursue, chasing, and kill each South Beach Bandit, if one or more is captured.
Inside the last terrain machine, Wolf continues to steer, traveling ahead to the right, then to the left, sliding over the brown tinted dirt, gliding over the pods of green and yellow tinted high weeds. He swiftly drives away from the Festus’s house, the crop fields, the horse pastures, and the unknown three dead bodies. He guns the drive pedal towards a row of parked terrain machine that have stopped on the edge of the flat plain laughing with delightful fun.
Within a new row of parked terrain machines, the last vehicle contains McCamy and Tulu. McCamy slides off the seat and stands on top of the dirt, spinning around, waving both of his arms in the air at Wolf. He signals Wolf to stop and park beside his machine with him and Tulu.

At 04:58 a.m., among the warm temperatures with darkness, without stars, in the last position on the row of parked vehicles, Wolf slides the terrain machine to a halt, parking a few feet from McCamy’s machine while spitting dirt particles in the air, on the ground, on Wolf and then Taffy. Taffy turns and growls at Wolf. He laughs again killing the engine.
McCamy sidesteps towards Taffy. She turns with a sad face and views both Pemona and Rusk inside their parked terrain machine deciding to tell Pemona about her three dead family members, right now and right here, before traveling back to the Birmingham Cliffs.
McCamy stops and presents a black-tinted helmet in the distorted face on Taffy, saying with a stern face. “Sun Block is coming in fifteen seconds. Don a helmet, right now, Taffy and Wolf! It’s too dangerous to ride the terrain vehicle during the blinding sun light, within the Sun Block time frame.”
Taffy reaches up and grabs the first helmet, passing it to Wolf, accepting a second helmet from McCamy, in silence, in which, she will wear over her face during the Sun Block time.
McCamy spins around with a smile and moves away from Taffy, swiftly dashing back to his girl Tulu, ducking down underneath the body frame and then stands upright inside the driver’s seat. Tulu stands inside the passenger seat while waiting on her guy. He slips the helmet over the skull of Tulu first and then guides a second one over his skull next. He leans over and cuddles Tulu into his chest, wrapping his arm around her tiny body, smiling at her helmet without seeing her pretty face. They both turn and face an array of eastern bright twinkling stars and a full moon with yellow tinted bright rays hitting the landscape that promises a rising sun of new day here within the South Beach Colony.
Inside the second parked terrain machine, Pemona and Rusk continue to stand upright on top of the seat, leaning back into the metal frame within the missing rooftop, sucking down a helmet over a smile. They face each other and then both turn to face the same eastern night sky of bright twinkling stars and a full moon of bright rays, cuddling into each other arms, holding hands.
Inside the first parked terrain machine, driver Baycliff could not stand it following behind both a leader and a girl, to boot. So, he took the lead away from the sissy female stopping first on top of the flat dirt plain, understanding the upcoming Sun Block time frame.
He reaches over with a grin then gently clamps a black helmet over his girl, an unconscious Amita first, then he places a helmet over his cropped blonde tinted locks. He tenderly scoots closer into her sleeping and unconscious body, wrapping his arm around her thin shoulders providing love and protection. He turns and faces the same eastern nightlight of bright twinkling stars and a full moon among the vast darkness of outer space that surrounds Planet Earth. He wears a smile of happiness inside the dark helmet, in silence.
Inside the last terrain machine, Taffy continues to sit inside the passenger chair, examining the provided black helmet for a crack or a dent or any visual damage. She whole-heartedly trusts McCamy with her personal safety and her baby sister Tulu.
Wolf continues to sit inside the driver’s seat too, lifting the black-tinted helmet high over his hair roots, staring into the darkness of the same eastern bright twinkling stars and a full moon. He says, “Even where I come from, I have heard a tall tale about the Sun Block, but I have never experienced it before. I couldn’t leave the Bull Pen room or the spying eyeballs on a sissy Kodare for any reason to actually witness the Sun Block event there at Metro City Birmingham. Now, I understand all the reasons.” He turns with a worried brow and views Taffy. “Does it hurt the eyeballs like a real sun burn on the flesh?”
Bursts of tiny white light slowly crawl upward from the dark horizon that still shows an array of twinkling bright stars and a full moon and then explodes into a flat array of bright light like an opening hand.
Taffy looks up from the helmet and stares into a slowly rising Sun Block producing a pretty array of colors. She says and presents a smile, without wearing the black-tinted helmet. “I would shield both of your sensitive eyeballs, with a pair of cupped hands, while your delicate human face is still inside the protective black tinted helmet and then peek at the bright light between each one of your finger pads like a scary movie.” He does not nod his bone skull then slowly lowers covering the black-tinted helmet over his face while feeling anxious and worry. She continues to stare at the same eastern night sky of bright twinkling stars and the bright rays from a full moon, wearing a grin still without the helmet. She says, “No, it won’t hurt, Wolf-man! Yes, it’s very beautiful, Wolf-man. You aren’t used to the brightness, since you live among the cool caverns inside a mountain. We, Bandits like to steal the sun,” she shucks the helmet over her skull sounding with an evil laugh, seeing an additional layer of darkness.
The protective helmet blocks out the bright stars and the rays of moonlight in the nighttime sky. Her pupils slowly adjust to the dark tinted glass and as a set of eye protection mirrors is built inside and outside the rounded helmet. The new technology makes the helmet weigh five pounds that grinds your neck muscles with slight pain.
Taffy slowly stands upright from her seat through the missing rooftop then leans back into metal frame staring with a big smile into the eastern sky, in silence.
Wolf lifts both of his hands and cups all of his fingers, protecting his pair of sensitive eyeballs, staring into the double darkness with a big smile, in silence, too.
A white hue slowly creeps on top of the dark brown dirt like a set of spider legs spraying a band of pink color sprinkles like glitter on top of a birthday cake between each expanding band of white hue. Each individual rising and heated white tinted sun ray musically pops within your eardrums sounding like an individual popcorn cornel that resides on top of an oven stove as the heated air temperature immediately rises over 100 degrees Fahrenheit of gathered hotness, before six o’clock, in the morning.
Individual dark blue fist-sized bombs prettily explode within the air coming from each swiftly dried tree twig on every dried out tree branch that quickly burns off the nighttime moisture on every healthy tree. An array of bright yellow bands swiftly soars into a blaze of colorful fireworks high into the white tinted skyline as a tiny stream of numerous semi-crooked rows of red tined tiny sparkles paint above the yellow tinted sun rays coming from each burnt blade of dry brown-tinted weed created from the lack of nourishing rainwater and fertile cow shit.
The finale presentation of Sun Block displays an array of white light, pink sprinkles, blue bombs, yellow streaks, green grass, brown trees, and finally brown soil brightly morphing into a permanent daylight environment, for a pair of human eyeballs protected behind a helmet. Then the solar sun swiftly leaps upright into the low skyline creating a yellow tinted horizon for the start of a new day here, in the South Beach Colony, within the newly created Colonies of the U.S.A.
One terrain machine stands alone and creates a long, dark silhouette over the flat plain on each end of the short row. In the middle of the row, two upright figures pose as one dark tall and wide body with a set of four separate dark skinny legs, where two love birds cuddle together inside each terrain machine.
Four terrain machines continue to expand into a long, dark shadow and then disappear against the blazing bright yellowish sunlight at six o’clock in the morning.



Three hours later….


Ebro Farms
Tiny wooden shack setting
Rainy cloudy of gray with cool temperatures without sunshine
09:09 a.m.


Each terrain machine slides over the mud and then skids to a halt standing inside an individual muddy puddle of water, slowly forming a semi-crooked huddle of metal and men in front of a tiny wooden shack with a silver-tinted tin roof. Each teen scoots from a wet seat and races ahead through a heavy rain shower dashing away from a parked wet metal terrain machine, stomping up a set of wet stone steps.
Each wet teen dashes ahead into a dark space underneath the same tin roof, where a loud tinkling of rain drops splashes down on each stone slab covering a semi-wet front porch. Each teen is soaked from their naked hair roots all the way down to their covered shoes as a sheet of heavy droplets continue to fall down from a torrential rain shower, which is a very common occurrence here at the Birmingham limestone rock cliffs.
The rain shower has three main purposes, clearing the dry humid air, watering the sprouting farm crops and replenishing the drinking fresh ponds.
Underneath the loud echoes of individual rain drops on top of the tin roof, seventeen-year-old Amita possesses a five-feet and nine-inches tall and skinny body frame, a shaven head of baldness, and a pair of brown tinted eyes wearing a wet blanket lounging down in a shallow water puddle decorating the stone-covered steps. She continues to stand in place and suspiciously narrows her two eyelashes into an interior dark room that possesses four dark panels of wood made from the surrounding tree bark, exhibiting inside an unfamiliar tiny shack.
“Toad-strangler weather! Get moving, hoss!” Rusk shouts and moves ahead fourth in the line among the column of wet ad annoyed teens during the heavy rain storm and totes two heavy picnic baskets, sneering at the back spine on his twin brother McCamy.
Each male twin displays a tall six-feet and four-inches body frame of hard muscles from hardy work on their livestock and crop farm. Each pair of suntanned biceps totes two heavy and wet picnic baskets coming from one of the terrain machines without a covered or clothed rooftop during an unstoppable waterfall coming down from the heavens. He stomps up each stone step and moves ahead through the open archway, entering the single room of a small shack.
“Gully washer is a better term here. Move it, Wolf! Set a fire in the fireplace, Rusk! Me and Wolf-man will finish un-packing of the other picnic baskets from each trunk space on every terrain machine.” McCamy bellows out his commands and follows second in line behind each boot click on Wolf, shivering from the cold rain while thinking about a plate of warm food for his rumbling tummy. He enters the single room, moves ahead, and then stops, squatting, gently dropping down two heavy picnic baskets of goodies on the dry floor and away from the fireplace. He slowly stands upright with a heavy grunt from the wet floor and then spins around, moving back out to the terrain machine for more picnic basket in the heavy rainstorm.
Rusk swiftly enters the same dark, small, enclosed single room, dashing ahead towards the hearth fireplace and then stops. He squats down in front of the black-tinted bricked fireplace, reaching down, collecting pieces of loose wood kindle for a new power source inside the tiny shed.
McCamy wishes each terrain machine had been properly packed with numerous food baskets, instead of numerous paint cans of bite-nats heading back out into the heavy rain storm with streaks of yellow tinted lightning bolts and booms of loud thunder coming from the dark clouds.
Underneath the front porch, Baycliff presents a six-feet and four-inches tall body frame of taunt muscles, gently pulling on her partially wet blanket, kindly talking to Amita. He tenderly guides Amita towards the middle of the dry section on the top of front porch and away from the heavy sheet of rain drops that pound the sloped tin-coated rooftop over the front porch while hearing the loud thunder booms. He says, “You’re getting wet, honey bell. Please come inside the house. You need to change out of that wet blanket and those wet clothes and into a set of dry clothes for your well-being good health.” He points inside the dark room that does not displays a ceiling of bright overhead lamps.
“No!” Amita shout then sneers and shakes her bald head, not moving out, blocking the foot traffic and the stone steps while staring within both her fears and worries into that tiny dark enclosed room.
Baycliff wraps both of his arms around the wet blanket with Amita, lifting her up the wet stone step, climbing the steps then places her on top of the dry portion on the front porch. “We gotta get out of the heavy rain shower, Amita. You’ll get sick. You’re weak from your capture and imprisonment underneath the underground Silo place. Please, come inside, honey bell. Get dry in here. Then you can sleep or read or something…”
“No!” Amita shouts first then sneers without moving into another dark, small, and enclosed space that represents her Silo imprisonment, for a long calendar solar year.
“Please, Amita!” Baycliff shouts and shoves gently on her back spine without force but he feels his frustration.
She does not move ahead towards the open archway and continues to stare in fear inside another dark, tiny, and enclosed space. Amita states, “I wanna go to your place, the bay besides the cliffs, honey.”
McCamy moves ahead and then scoots around the twin buttholes on Amita and Baycliff, yelling out loud with a sneer. “Move it, ya’ll! I wanna get inside the house, before I drown out here in this rainstorm,” he enters into the dark, tiny, enclosed space.
On top of the front porch near the open door, Baycliff leans over and smiles into her smooth cheekbone, gently shuffling Amita towards the open archway. He says, “We can’t do that maneuver here, honey bell. I bet Hico and his men are waiting for me and you and all of us to show up there at my place, the bay besides the cliffs. Hico knows, who I am. It’s too dangerous for us, rebels, right now. We have to wait it out until our super-duper surprise on Hico, tomorrow night,” he softly chuckles.
Amita does not move and continues to frown into the dark room saying with a nasty tone. “You don’t know that. We should try to go there first, before we settle here.”
He leans into her cheekbone and says with a smile. “Nothing is wrong in there. This place is nice and warm and cozy inside and will get us all outta of the cold sheets from the rain storm. Don’t you remember our rain storms here? The rain lasts for hours.”
Amita shakes her wet bald skull and tries to cover her wet arm with the wet blanket shouting out loud. “No! That ugly room looks like the underground wet and cold Silo. That room is dark, damp, a dark hole, also.”
“Amita, it’s a very large, tiny house with daylight rays coming into the side glass windows, that’s used to store stuff. It’s hard to see the daylight rays now, since the sunshine is covered in a set of storm clouds.” Rusk states and stands inside the archway thumbing back over his collar bone at the interior walls of the tiny shack.
“It’s okay, here, honey bell.” Baycliff says and smiles into her wet cheekbone.
“This is our mama’s old hobby shack, her special home, built by her and my daddy, a long, long time ago. The shack is made of good strong water resistant red cedar and smells good to your nose holes,” he leans over and sniffs the wooden wall, standing upright, saying with a smile and a nod. “The shack has running water, electric power for lights, a tin roof, and open windows. You are standing on the front porch, like your home, Amita,” he points down at the flower boxes. “Do you see that row of square-shaped pink-painted flower boxes? I made them for my mama.”
“Don’t fib, bro! We both made a twin set of wooden tree flower boxes for our mama.” McCamy shoves Rusk aside and then enters through the open archway feeling mean, wet, and tired from driving the terrain machine in cold rain shower. He totes two more heavy picnic baskets containing a set of heavy rusty cans of bite-nats from the trunk on the terrain machine, before rain shower washes the precious cargo away inside the delicate weaver baskets. The bite-nats paint is main part of a brilliant plan winning the Showcase event away from Hico and then beat the stuffing out of Hico’s face. McCamy stops and then squats down, placing the two picnic baskets near the other picnic baskets, standing upright, entering the next room and then disappears, sounding with an evil laugh.
Underneath the front porch, during the heavy rain shower, Pemona stands on top of the front step displaying a skinny model frame with a pair of small breasts, a set of slender hips, a head of long straight brown-colored hair, and a pair of brown eyes, on a heart-shaped face. She frowns with annoyance at the new teenage girl named Amita and reaches down into her jacket pocket, pulling out an item, scooting around the back spine on Baycliff. She slaps a sharp medical needle into the pale-tinted bicep on Amita.
Amita screams out loud and then spins around to see Baycliff tumbling backwards from dizziness and pain. Baycliff gasps in alarm and reaches out cuddling Amita into his chest.
Pemona stands diagonally from both Baycliff and Amita and then slowly lifts a used sharp bloody needle near her smile offering an explanation. “The needle point holds a sleeping sedative potion. Amita, she’s fine and dandy. My mother used the sedation needle on each rowdy child, when she was an ancient pediatric physician, before the Nuke War. She would go around the local community taking care of all the young kids. Before we left my farm, my mother gave me a medical kit for any and all emergencies.”
“That’s cool and smart move, Pemona!” Wolf states and moves ahead towards the open archway wearing both a wet body and a bright smile, carrying two heavy picnic baskets of supplies and enters the tiny shack to store the items.
“Thanks for the assist, Pemona!” Baycliff states then grunts out loud shuffling an unconscious Amita into his wet chest, toting his girl inside the main room, within the tiny shack. He stops and then places her unconscious body down on top a ratty red-tinted leather sofa near a blazing fire inside the working fireplace.
Rusk spins around from the blazing fire and waits for Pemona smiling down at a sleeping Amita, saying with a calm timber. “It doesn’t help that the Old English word, shack, means to shut oneself up and away from the world like going into a shack.” Pemona enters the shack and cuddles with Rusk, giggling into his face.
McCamy enters the main room again and shouts out with a sour frown at his twin brother. “Shut it, Rusk! Go and get some sealed cans of food inside the kitchen storage and bring us some food plates,” he stops and stands in the middle of the room, dropping down two sets of dry clothes on top of the floor, pointing down at each separate pile of clothes. “Gals, go and get dressed inside my mama’s old sewing room. Get all of your wet things off right now, before you get sick or something. We need everyone healthy for the Showcase event tonight. Guys, you can perform your personal sexy strip tease moves, in here, under my eyeball supervision,” he laughs with the other males.
“McCamy is acting really weird today.” Taffy announces and moves ahead with a smile from the kitchen door and shakes her wet pixie hairstyle and then stops, selecting a set of clothing from the dry pile of girly items. She spins around and enters into the second room, without closing the door, starting to change her clothes.
Tulu copies Taffy and follows her tall sister entering the new room, starting to change her wet clothes. Pemona duplicates the moves of both Tulu and Taffy and enters the new room, closing the door and then changes her wet clothes into a set of dry ones.
During the emergency exit from the Festus Farms, Pemona didn’t have time to pack a small bag. But her mother would do that chore for her daughter, bringing a set of Pemona’s clothes to the Birmingham limestone cliff location.
Inside the main room, the rest of the teen males quickly strip down and then change into a set of dry clothes consisting of a pair of ripped and torn faded blue jeans, a colored short-sleeved tee shirt, and a pair of naked feet. Each pair of cowboy boots is drying out in front of warm, blazing fire.
Rusk changes his wet clothes and then moves into the kitchen setting, fiddling around each cabinet, pulling numerous objects. He shouts, “McCamy’s a snot-hole.” He enters back into the main room from the kitchen holding a wooden tray of clear glass jars containing an array of home-canned fresh vegetables and preserved meats and bottles of cold beer and sweet cow’s milk. He laughs with a smile, moving towards the eating table. “Here! I stole the jars of food. There is a jar of yummy pickled okra, watermelon rinds…”
“Hogs eat that crap!” Baycliff states and drops down his wet clothes on top of a growing pile of wet items frowning at the disgusting glass jars with red and green colors on top of the wooden tray, moving ahead towards a square-shaped eating table.
Each female teen emerges from the single bedroom, wearing an ankle-length, sleeveless dress in pink hue with a set of tiny colorful flowers, displaying a pair of naked feet also. Each pair of wet cowgirl boots is drying out in front of the fire too.
The mother of Rusk and McCamy, Pocola had enjoyed sewing each garment by hand and then walking around in a feminine dress, acting like a girl, during her private time, inside her personal shack.
Inside the main room, Rusk stops and places the wooden tray containing a stack of eating plates, utensils, and numerous sealed jars of preserved food on top of the table surface, quickly arranging the eating table for each guest with the upcoming feast. He shouts, “There! Several jars of deep fried pickles and pickled pig’s feet that swims in vinegar brine…”
“I only eat pig’s feet with a bowl of cooked collard greens,” Baycliff states and stops sliding down in an empty chair, staring at the empty plate.
“And then I wash the plate of pig’s feet with three bottles of Hixson’s illegal bottled beer.” McCamy laughs out loud and moves ahead stopping at the table. He reaches down and opens the first glass jar that emits a terrible odor that drifts over into Baycliff nostrils. “Go and knock yourself out, Baycliff!”
“Are there any preserved chicken eggs?” Baycliff asks and scans each closed jar.
“Nope,” Rusk laughs out loud and continues to twist open each jar.
“Do you have any quail eggs inside one of the canned glasses?” Baycliff smiles.
“Nope,” Rusk picks out the first pig knuckle and places on Taffy’s empty place.
“Do you have any pig sausages inside one of the other canned glasses?” Baycliff laughs out loud.
Rusk slaps three individual pig’s feet that belong to a dead pig on top of the empty plate in front of Baycliff, wearing a smile, “Nope! This is all we got. Eat it or leave!” He laughs with the other teens.
“The pig’s feet are tender enough. I can break it apart with my spoon.” Pemona smiles and gently cuts into the tender meat using a spoon.
Rusk slides down into an empty chair beside Pemona, lifting up the first pig feet near his smile. “Eat your pig’s eat, like a cowboy. Pick the foot up with your hands.” The pig foot is a thick rubbery pink-tinted skin with juicy white tinted meat. “Tear it apart with your fingers.” He splits the toes on each pig foot in half and laughs. “Bite into the foot with your incisors and then suck it clean with your pink tongue.” He performs a slurping noise as he sucks done the tender pig meat, chewing the meat with a smile. “Yeah, this is some good and tasty stuff on a wet afternoon.” He presents a smile with used pit meat between each molar as his friends moan with disgust.
Baycliff finishes the first pig foot and then grabs a second one presenting his smile. He says, “Eat the toes one by one.” He holds the single pig foot with two toes in each hand. “This little piggy went to the market,” he leans down and sucks on the food inside his mouth, chewing and then swallows. He leans over and spits out the bones down at the empty plate producing a tiny set of soft pings. “This little piggy stayed home,” he eats the second toe and then leans over, mouth spitting each bone on the same plate producing another set of soft pings. “This little piggy had roast beef.” He eats the second pig’s feet and then leans over, spitting out the tiny bones on top of the same plate, making more tiny ping sounds. “This little piggy had none,” he sucks on the second toe of the second pig’s foot and then spits out the bone on the same plate creating a new ping sound. “This little piggy cries, wee, wee, wee, all the way back home,” he sucks on the third foot and then spits out the bones on the same plate, which is filled with a pile of greasy dead pig’s bones, making more tiny ping sounds. “And finally, the little pig…”
Baycliff stops talking dropping the pig’s foot and as his face muscles fall. His two eyelids smash upright and then both of his dirty, greasy hands cover his naked throat as and he stops breathing. He slides sideways off the chair and falls down landing on top of the wooden planks in silence.
Pemona turns with a puzzled brow and stares down a grounded Baycliff, who continues to lie on top of the wooden floor. She gasps in alarm then comments. “Baycliff, he’s presenting the visual medical symptoms of botulism poisoning. His face has stiffened with a set of tight muscles and then the tightness will spread down into his two arms. Then, the victim quits breathing and goes into respiratory failure. Baycliff’s dying. Help him now!”
McCamy swallows the food and then leans down, mouth spitting the greasy pig bones down on his plate, staring at the empty chair that belongs to Baycliff, holding the eaten pig’s feet in front of his face. He growls first then orders. “Get up from the floor, snot-nose! Before I come down there and beat your body into red and raw wounds, Baycliff. And that’s after I break your two nose holes showing off your pretty red tinted blood proteins,” he laughs with the other teens.
Baycliff slowly struggles side to side with a loud chuckle on top of the wooden floor and then sits upright on both of his kneecaps, peaking up a pair of hairy eyebrows over the edge on dining room table. He smiles at each teen, slowly standing upright from the floor and then slides back down into his hard chair, touching his food. He says, “My mama prepares and then cans the row of pig’s feet with cooked collard greens, raw potatoes, fatback, and a sweet touch of white sugar.”
Rusk laughs then states, “Yeehaw! Baycliff is going to make Amita a good wife, since he can can-can, like his mama.” McCamy chuckles with a nod and then dives down into his plate of food, chewing the food.
Rusk sits next to Pemona at the eating table and expresses. “My mama enjoyed canning out here while singing off-key and steaming all of her fresh picked garden vegetables to perfection. I guess part of her sanity was that she craved some peace from her whining two puppies. She made her special butter apple jelly and lots of fresh vegetables from our vegetable garden out here. Now, my dad tosses each pig knuckle down into the pot of boiling water with a side of boiled cabbage and whole white potatoes, making him a pretty good cook too. Can you cook, Pemona?” He turns and winks at his girl presenting a smile. Pemona turns with a wink and smiles displaying particles of chewed pig meat between each front tooth in silence.
Rusk winks at her again and then returns back, working on the next pig’s foot while narrating to each teen. “The process of canning is a method of preserving food that is processed and sealed in a set of airtight containers for years and years and years. In the year 1795 A.D., the French military department offered a cash prize of 12,000 Francs to a person, who could invent a new method for preserving food. Nicolas Appert proved it and then he won the money by canning the food item which prevented the microorganisms from entering and proliferating inside…”
“Shut it and eat your food, Rusk!” His twin brother McCamy comments then frowns starting to eat the food, chewing in silence.
Inside the kitchen space, Tulu continues to work on the dessert items slamming the tin lid on top of the hard counter, popping open the jar. She spreads out each preserved peach fruit, which had been made two years ago by Pocola, emptying a new jar down inside a new dessert plate for her man McCamy. She sings the musical song out loud, “A charm truly puts on the butter is the charm for her love and lasting affection to McCamy. May your body McCamy dare to pay your charm to your girl both prompt and necessary with your love. May your love, McCamy, follow my body as the cow follows her baby calf from today, until the day we die…” she continues to hum with a pleasant singing voice.
Inside the living room setting, Baycliff stands from the floor with a smile then sits down at his seat hearing the musical song. He comments. “Uh! Tulu is singing. Her song is a traditional Irish charm, which is sung by a female, while preparing death for her man,” he laughs with the other teens but McCamy.
Tulu enters the living room and totes a wooden tray, providing a dessert bowl of fresh peaches to each teen, then slides down into her assigned chair beside her beau McCamy, leaning over, kissing his lips, before praying then touching the good food.
McCamy and Tulu always act lovey-dovey almost producing a set of green vomit coming from an upset stomach on each cowboy. The two lovebirds enjoy showing off their love and affection.
Baycliff and his girl Amita do not show a set of teenly emotions in front of his childhood friends, only in secret, behind a set of closed doors. Taffy is similar in her southern lady manners, like his girl Amita also.
Baycliff turns and watches Taffy as she slurps and eats the peach juice from the dessert bowl.
“No, you, dumb hick!” Rusk states to Baycliff then winks to Pemona leaning over into her pretty face, wearing a smile. “Are you Irish by chance, lassie?” Pemona shakes her brown curls in silence while consuming the bowl of sweet peaches.
Baycliff continues to entertain between the bites of dessert while his girl Amita is sleeping off the sedation potion administrated by a sneaky Pemona. He swallows the food and then smiles. “An Irish courtship is full of fun dancing, loud singing, sexy flirtation and lots of tummy meals that woos her man while tantalizing his taste buddies with an aroma of good food and promised years of happiness.”
“Snot-hole is sorta right there!” Rusk states then frowns.
“Stop interfering with Cupid’s hard work, hoss!” Baycliff states then sneers at his childhood friend.
He smiles then says, “Cupid ain’t a cute little fat rosy-cheeked cherub, that everyone thinks he is. Pictures inside my Ancient World History book shows that he is one of those dark gods of dejected love and jealous desire to get his kids a matching an odd couple together to see how they interact in either love or hate or a combo…”
“An odd couple!” Baycliff shares then frowns starting to eat the sweet peach, dripping juice off his lips. He reaches up wiping his mouth with the back of his hand.
He exhales with a puff of annoyance then states. “You don’t know what that means. You just go around quoting something from the Greek or Roman textbooks. Anyways, Cupid was sent by his mother Venus to punish Psyche, who was a beautiful Earth mortal. Instead, Cupid fell in love with the mortal and then married her and they had a child, who was named Pleasure.”
“You’re not amusing, boy!” Baycliff says then frowns with a sneer.
Tulu smiles then shares. “I don’t agree with Rusk. There is one such old wives’ tale, a lovesick Maiden can bring Greek God Cupid into her life by drawing a heart with arrows on her steaming morning bathroom mirror or by signing her letter with his symbol to woo the one that she really loved.” She leans over and touches McCamy’s arm, smiling with a set of girly giggles.
“So, that’s how Tulu came along with old Cupid and then hog-tied McCamy’s hands and feet for her beau trick.” Baycliff informs then laughs.
“Watch it, bro!” McCamy looks up and sneers at Baycliff. He leans down and tenderly kisses her forehead, pulling back with a smile, eating the bowl of sweet peaches.
Every eyeball sees and each eardrum hears that McCamy deeply loves his muffin Tulu by showing and telling every person, who lives here in the South Beach Colony.
“Dang, bro! Kiss her right!” Baycliff states then laughs.
“How does he not kiss her right?” Wolf says then chuckles.
“You need to give her a French kiss that used to be in each one of those Hollywood movies that we would watch on a school night.” Baycliff states shifting up and down his blonde tinted eyebrows for fun, sounding with evil laughter.
Pemona reaches over with a smile and slaps the bicep on Baycliff saying with a tough timber. “Go, girl! Seek out your happy nuts, with your happy days.” She returns to eating the sweet peaches.
Rusk reaches over and wraps his arm around Pemona leaning down, trying to touch her smooth cheekbone. She quickly shuffles away too fast from his lips and sounds with a set of girly giggles.
Taffy looks up and views the lovebird pair as the peach juice drips off her lips, wearing a sour frown.
Baycliff laughs then says, “Looky here! The big difference between a brotherly kiss, which bro just illustrated poorly, at that.” The rest of the teens laugh out loud, except for McCamy.
“Baycliff is goofing at you, McCamy!” Tulu comments and cuddles into his rib cage wearing more dripping peach juice, wiping her mouth with the clean napkin.
He turns and winks at McCamy then comments. “The difference between a sweet subtle brotherly kiss versus a hot passionate French kiss is your mouth is open, not shut. Each tongue touches, fights, and wins against each other. But you must ensure that our mouth is clean, not filled with hot red peppers or Hixon’s nasty beer.” He sips the beer and then burps out loud saying with a grin. “So, before you attack your girl, brush your teeth! Gargle with mouthwash and drinks lots of water!” He claps for fun. “Now, let’s get started with the French kissing procedure. You and your partner face each other…”
“Do it to it, Tulu!” Taffy comments and continues to eat the sweet peaches watching her sister with fun amusement while trying not to think about the upcoming deadly Showcase event.
McCamy leans over and growls into the face on his girlfriend Tulu, whispering into her eardrum a set of secret words.
“Do it southern-style bro!” Rusk reaches over and fist-bumps with Wolf as they chuckle out loud.
Baycliff turns and fist-bumps with Rusk then narrates. “Face each other. Good! Tilt the head to the side. The other side of her face, McCamy. Geez! How did he get pass first base, Tulu?” The other teens laugh.
Rusk reaches over and fist-bumps with Baycliff. McCamy turns and growls at each one of his friends.
“Ignore the snot hole, bro!” Rusk says then laughs.
Baycliff smiles then states, “Each skull is to be tilted in the opposite direction as not to crash into your nostrils. O! Check to ensure no big green snotty boogers…”
“Snot-hole! Why do you choose to call someone that colorful name, Rusk?” Pemona says then smiles with amusement.
“The noun comes from the Middle English word, gesnot,” Rusk says then smiles.
“Gee snot! Rusk means to say that comes term that comes from that Old English word, to boot.” Baycliff shares then laughs at the new cute love bird couple.
He states then sneers slapping his chest. “I am going to start all the way back from the Greek God Cupid, if you don’t shut your upper lips, Baycliff.”
“Shut it, Baycliff!” Wolf shouts turning to snarl, shaking his bone skull at Baycliff. Then Wolf returns back and finishes his third bowl of peaches.
“To answer milady’s question, the word, gesnot, is considered a piece of vulgar slang coming from a person, who is regarded as annoying arrogant or impertinent.” Rusk nods and says.
“Okay! Are we done with all the Rusk’s world literature lessons?” Baycliff says and claps with delight. “Good! I do not see any green snotty boogers hanging down or around any of the nostrils on the two hot passionate lovers. Check! Lean over and touch her lips, softly.” McCamy leans over and kisses her lips. Baycliff smiles, “So far, so good! Now, part your lips, slightly. Stroke her lips with your soft pink tinted tongue.” McCamy kisses her mouth and then enters her lips.
Baycliff smiles then shares, “Now, do it twice to be nice. Do you like my short poem? Whatever!” He smiles at the action of McCamy and Tulu. “Now, stroke her top lip. You’re getting a set of deep emotional bad boy reactions and urges as a boy. And if you ain’t…” He laughs with the other teens.
“If not, what does that mean, Baycliff?” Rusk chuckles.
“Then, you’re a gay boy, in my book. No, bro!” Baycliff shares then laughs.
McCamy releases her sweet lips and then looks up to see Baycliff, sliding off the hard chair, standing upright from the floor and scoots around the table. Baycliff scoots off the chair. McCamy collides into his friend Baycliff. They stumble down and then rumble over the wet floor in a friendly fist fight.
“Beat his butthole, Baycliff!” Rusk says then laughs.
Tulu slides off her chair then stands upright on top of the floor, pointing down at the two fighting boys, saying with a whiny tone to her sister. “Taffy, make them stop fighting, right now!”
Taffy continues to sit in the chair and wears her smile while enjoying the play fight between the two rouge and tough cowboys. She comments, “Baycliff must’ve touched a soft spot on your boyfriend McCamy, Tulu,” she laughs with the other teens, but Tulu.
“Rusk, stop your twin from fighting with Baycliff, right now!” Tulu yells turning with her sour frown and views a sitting Rusk.
Rusk slaps the chest and shakes his skull then says. “Don’t look at me Tulu! I got my own sweetie, sitting right next to me. We’re are enjoying the fight also.”
“Break it up, dogs!” Taffy shouts and scoots off the hard chair then sounds with a lady sneer moving ahead towards the battle fight, with the two cowboys, wearing a sour frown.
Wolf slides off his chair and then jumps down on the floor, slapping both of his fists against a set of naked biceps and naked chest muscles, for fun, as the three males roll over the floor in a fighting rumble.
Taffy stops then stands a few feet from the three fighting bodies, saying with a sour frown. “Enough, wolf puppies! Stop it now and quit beating up Wolf and Baycliff, McCamy! Rusk, come over here and help me with your sissy brother!”
“I’m doing my own tango dance over here, Taffy!” Rusk comments and leans over touching the naked arm on his girl Pemona, kissing her lips and pulls back with a wink. He ignores the three fighting males on top of the floor.
“Get up from the floor, right now, cowboys! We have work to do to. Tulu, get going and clean up the dishes. Rusk, get going and stokes that fireplace fire better.” Taffy orders then kicks her bare feet into the naked rib cage on McCamy. Baycliff quickly rolls off the McCamy with loud laughter and then stands upright on his kneecaps, wiping off his bloody nose.
“Who’s our leader now?” Rusk comments then returns back smiling at Taffy and laughing with delight.
“Who’s the snot-hole now? Baycliff shouts with a grin then sits upright on top of the floor smiling at Taffy too.
Wolf stands upright from the floor with a smile and then moves ahead towards the fireplace, squatting down beside a sleepy Amita while examining her naked arm using his rough finger pads. Amita is still asleep from a surprise sedative administrated by Pemona. He reaches out and gently lifts her naked arm in the air, saying with a stern face. “Do you see here? Each one of you, girls need to be the color of her skin on each one of your bodies for the Showcase event tonight, within the new Huntress and Hunter Games. Amita looks a lot like one of my sister’s back home within the North Ridge Mountain Colony. Taffy Pudding, come over here and looks at this!” Taffy spins around with a stern face and then moves ahead, stops, squatting down beside Wolf, staring at Amita in silence.
On the side wall, in front of a row of ratty ancient blue-colored chairs, a huddle of baskets in front of each furniture item. Wolf reaches over and opens the first picnic basket looking inside with a grin, finding the prize. He reaches down and then slowly lifts up one of the rusty paint cans, placing the canister on top of the wooden floor.
Wolf carefully opens the lid then leans over the open lid, grabbing a clean horse-tail brush, gently dipping the tip down into the sparkling liquid of beige-tinted bite-nats paint and then places the wet brush across the open lip on the can. He reaches inside the same basket again and then grabs a tan-colored can of bite-nats paint and a second horse-hair brush, opening the can, gently dipping the tip of the brush down into the new paint. He smears the tan-colored bite-nats liquid Taffy’s naked arm.
At the eating table, Rusk slides off the chair and wears a puzzled brow spying on the two teens. Wolf and Taffy sit in front of Amita and the blazing fire inside the hearth. He stops, squats, then observes Taffy’s painted arm, saying with a frown. “Your painted skin color still doesn’t match the glowing white skin tone on Amita. You need to add some pink tone to the base color of both tan and beige paint on Taffy’s naked arm,” he spins around and crawls back to the huddle of picnic baskets, finding the can of pink hue, spinning around and marches back, handing to Wolf. He sits beside Taffy watching with a smiling face.
Wolf accepts the cane of pink-tinted bite-nats paint, opening the can, mixing the pink liquid into the beige color on the used brush creating a hue of peachy-glow. He says with a smile, “Just right! This mixture looks perfect. The natural hue on Amita is a little too pale due to no sunlight on her body for a year or so. My clan consists of a group of healthy strong Riders. When Hico sees our new bite-nats skin color, he’ll give us the grand prize to fight…”
“We don’t fight our kind and our kin. We all fight against Hico.” Rusk comments with a grin.
“We all will surprise Hico with his pink girly panties tossed down away from his naked butthole, when we appear and then fight against his kin and his kind tonight at the Showcase Event. And we’ll go and get our friends and family members from the South Beach Colony adding into the deadly action too.” Baycliff slides off the seat with laughter then stands on top of the floor, stretching all his limbs in the air, dropping each limb back to the floor then rubs a full stomach, wearing a smile.
Taffy reaches down and touches the bite-nats paint on her skin, that fits like a glove, leaning over, comparing her new painted arm to her friend Amita in silence. She looks up and smiles at Rusk. He continues to study the painted arm on Taffy and the natural hue on Amita, nodding with a grin.
The tiny electronic television device softly pings out loud on top of the floor. Wolf reaches over and grabs the devise, studying the screen, seeing an array of new colorful pictures. He says with a worried brow. “Come over here and look at this new activity on the television device! Hico is broadcasting some new event, where lots and lots of pale-skinned and pink-skinned males and females are attending. Hico must be providing more information about the new Showcase event that leads into the new Huntress and Hunter Games competition today, which is also hosted by a pretty Vovina and a prettier Kodare,” he laughs with the males. Taffy and Rusk moves over and then squats down looking at the screen on the television.
During the rescue of Amita, Baycliff and McCamy had stolen a bag of working electronic television devices then distributed one to each teen.
Baycliff continues to stand at the dining room table and then reaches down, pulling out his television device, studying the tiny screen. He says with a gasp. “Come over here and look at this image, McCamy! Are you seeing the same physical image as I see?” He points down at the screen and wears a worried brow. McCamy and Tulu both move from the table seats and join Baycliff forming in a new huddle.
Tulu leans over Baycliff’s arm and stares at the tiny screen saying with a smile, “That hot spot on the screen is located on our farm land, Taffy, Thelee Farms. I recognize the gray-tinted rocks that cover one of our horse barns. We found them. We found our mama…”
“…and our daddy…” Taffy stands upright from the floor with a smile and then strolls towards the kitchen, washing off the bite-nats paint, from her painted arm.
“And I got a brilliant plan!” Baycliff states then looks up winking to McCamy. “Everyone, come over and here and gather around the Plan Master.” McCamy cuddles his girl Tulu and sounds with his vile and evil laughter, because his childhood friend Baycliff always enjoys, giving other peoples and other enemies hell, using his violent fist punch.

Three hours later….


Front porch setting
11:48 a.m.
Hot temperatures with heated sunlight and parted clouds


The other teens are located inside the small house, packing a small bag, preparing for the upcoming Showcase event.
Baycliff has finished packing a small bag with his personal items and then moves outdoors from the house gulping fresh air, after the rain storm, standing a few feet from the front porch. He squats down and grabs a handful of small peddles, standing upright with a smile, tossing each stone down into a small puddle of rain water. A set of small rain puddles is the only remnant left from the massive rainstorm a couple of hours ago. This weird but pretty landscape is tough on water, weather, and wills.
Taffy exits out from the rock-covered small shack, after preparing a small bag of clean borrowed clothes from Pocola’s closet again, slowly moving each step, viewing the back spine on Baycliff. She exhales with disappointment from their past super friendly love relationship lasting one year. She moves ahead and then stops standing a few feet beside Baycliff, staring ahead with a smile at each circle of something different.
One small circle holds a plot of solid gray-tinted limestone flat rock, without a building or a herd of livestock or a field of crops.
A second large circle contains green tinted short grass blades, where a herd of beef cows live and graze underneath the blistering sunlight or sheets of rain storms. The livestock here tolerates the sizzling heated air temperatures, growing fast and fat for a future meal.
A third medium-sized circle displays a pale blue tinted barn surrounded by a short grove of fruit trees, patches of colorful wildflowers, and low rows of green tinted plant bushes. A wooden barn of tree logs couldn’t stay upright against the steady hot breeze coming from the Gulf of Mexico ocean waves. The heated air, the moist salt, and the hot sunrays will tear through the rows of tender tree planks and then swiftly eat away each wooden wall, until the structure collapses down on top of the hard rock surface from the intense heat, like a pale-skinned stranger visiting here in South Beach.
Taffy loves the farm life here. She will never trade her current life or her future life for anything else.
The Birmingham rock cliffs make the air hot, the weather harsh, and the people beaten. But each South Beach farmer loves their farm property and their farm life here, without interference from an outside factor.
Director Hico is the current outside factor that has interfered with the steady farm life here at South Beach. Each South Beach farmer is both mad and angry at Hico. However, Hico has invaded the cliffs with an army of allies coming from the other three Colonies for a special purpose. Not many of the South Beach farmers understand Hico and his special purpose, but Taffy does.
Taffy will participate in the upcoming Showcase event tonight and then her fighting team will win the first position, fighting against a newly selected South Beach Bandit team which holds hostage her friend Hixson and four other South Beach innocent teens. Then she will surprise Hico, taking him hostage instead. She laughs out loud with her evil plan.
On the opposite side of Taffy, a tall, muscular, blonde-haired Baycliff continues to toss a pebble in the air forming a high arch trying to hit a smaller puddle of rain water, saying with a smile to his friend Taffy. “Looking into her beautiful eyes, I feel the same way all over again, Taffy. She’s gorgeous, smart, funny, and really grounded. I love being with her. I’m so happy, Taffy. Love is like a high for me, Taffy. I’m so high of love with Amita. We are the perfect match.” The rock misses the puddle again. “I just love her so much. She’s my world. Everything I do now is in her interests. She is the only thing in the world that I care about. Amita is everything to me, Taffy.”
Taffy exhales with a puff of disappointment then states with her big her lie for the sake of his happiness. “I’m happy for you, now, Baycliff.” Her two eyeballs continue to dart across the flat rock, moving to the next circle of something.
The fourth circle features a grove of tall and thin pine trees as the plot of solid gray tinted flat rock surface moves ahead towards the end of the rock cliff, where the landscape drops down into the deadly waves of ocean waters.
Taffy completely understands the sweet appeal here within this isolated spot, where Rusk and McCamy’s dead mother Pocola had enjoyed her motherly solitude. A person could hide out here for a lifetime and enjoy the unique beauty, without facing another day of hard and heated work on the farm.
“No!” A loud and whiny voice coming from the chapped and parted lips on Amita breaks Taffy’s nice daydream. Taffy spins around with a sneer and views Amita.
Amita moves away from the open archway, stops, then stands on top of the cool stone porch wearing a wet blanket around her partially wet clothes while staring at the back spine on Baycliff in silence.
Baycliff drops the stones and then spins around with a gasp, viewing Amita and Wolf on top of the porch. He shouts, “Wolf!” He rushes ahead with a worried brow and then dashes up each step, colliding and then hugs Amita cuddling her into his rib cage. They spin around and face Taffy and the unique farm landscape on Erbo Farms.
Wolf states and smiles down at the naked arm on Amita. “Look! You possess the real coloring of pale skin, like a Rider girl, Amita. You’re a very good duplication for our rescue plan to save all of these people inside the horse barn, here somewhere, girl,” he jabs her finger at her nose profile, nodding with a smile.
Amita shouts out loud in furious anger. “No! I’m staying right here inside this tiny little awful looking house. I’m cold and wet and hungry and sick. No one cares about me. No one listens to me. I’m sick and worried and scared of Hico. Why doesn’t anyone care about me?” She slaps her chest with a nod.
“Honey bell!” Baycliff comments and cuddles her into his chest with a worried brow, feeling the wet blanket and her wet clothes. “You…”
“… know this to be true, too, Amita. Each one of Hico’s guards, who are really a pale tinted teenager Rider will stop and then listen to pale-faced girly Amita while making our bold entrance into that secret barn location much, much easier. Tell her, Baycliff!” Wolf states pointing at Amita and nods with a stern face.
“No! I do not follow instructions from another. No! I didn’t feel well. No! I am not going. Why doesn’t anyone believe me? Why doesn’t anyone listen to me?” She says and stares first then sneers at Taffy.
Taffy exhales with a puff of annoyance and stares at an unfriendly Amita, tossing both of her arms into the air saying with a fake smile. She states, “I can stay with…”
“No!” Amita shouts and stomps both of her pale-tinted naked feet waving both of her pale-tinted naked arms in the air, dropping the blanket on the porch. Her hand hits Baycliff’s face. He quickly back steps and sounds with sneer from her two flying arms. She sneer first and stares saying to Taffy. “I don’t need a babysitter either. Go and do your silly thing without me! I’m staying right here safe and sound inside this tiny little ugly house.” She drops both of her arms then flipping her hand to Taffy, slapping both of her palms on her legs.
Taffy sneers first then replies back to Amita using a nasty tone. “The house is not ugly, like some other person, that I personally know. This is…”
“Enough, Taffy!” Baycliff shouts at Taffy but stares with a worried brow at the nose profile on Amita.
Wolf says with a wink to Baycliff. “Then you need to give Amita a shotgun, in case, Hico or one of his ugly masked Insects shows up here, on accident or by mistake. Or we’ll have a new pot of very bad trouble.”
Baycliff hugs his girl Amita, shaking his skull, saying with a stern face. “Amita can’t shoot a hand gun or a rifle or a shotgun.”
Wolf says with a confused brow to the nose profile on Amita. “Huh! What? Amita can’t shoot a gun. I thought every cowgirl could shoot a gun,” he turns and winks to Taffy. Taffy nods back with a smile to her new friend Wolf in silence.
Amita grins and says to Taffy. “I’m a southern lady, unlike some of the other teen females around here.” The other teens move one-at-a-time out from the house setting, stopping and stand around Amita, who continues to block the steps, again. Each teen wears a puzzled brow hearing more of Amita’s arguments.
Baycliff exhales with annoyance and wears a stern face, staring at Amita, talking to his friends. “Amita is not coming with us for the rescue party and stays here alone and safe inside the house. This place is very safe here. No one knows of this place, except for Rusk and McCamy,” he leans over and gently kisses the cold cheekbone on Amita, pulling back with a smile. He releases Amita and moves ahead with a smile, leaving Amita on top of the porch, ordering to the fighting teens. “Let’s rock and rock, ya’ll! Time to find our parents and remove Dictator Hico from our lands,” he struts ahead and reaches out grabbing the naked arm on Taffy, spinning her around to face the farm landscape. They slowly move ahead bumping heads, whispering into each other face and veer ahead into the thick forest.

At 12:16 p.m., among the hot temperatures with bright blinding sunshine, Tulu cuddles with her guy McCamy while whispering with a smile and a set of secret words, slowly strolling down a narrow flattened gravel-and-leaf pathway between the grove of tall shade trees, the row of low-lying plant and fruit bushes, and the scattered patches of colorful wildflowers. They stop and stand staring at a small building holding a closed ancient faded green-colored, metal-coated garage door.
McCamy releases Tulu and then moves ahead squatting down, reaching out for the garage handle. He slowly lifts up a squeaky rusty door with metal pain revealing a large cloth-covered object. He moves ahead and then stops reaching up, jerking down an old worn patched tarp, revealing a big machine. He spins around with a smile and then thumbs back over his collar bone at the large object laughing out loud, without moving back to his girl Tulu.
Wolf follows behind the cuddled back spine on Tulu and McCamy, shouting with a loud cheer, tossing both of his arms in the air. “Whoa!” He drops both of his arms and slaps his legs scooting around a stationary Tulu, clapping with delight and then dashes ahead, colliding into the machine. He rubs the ancient but shiny metal wearing a smile.
Tulu continues to stand and stares at the big object wearing a smile.
Taffy and Baycliff appear and then stop standing beside Tulu in silence.
Rusk and Pemona appear and then stop standing beside Baycliff.
Inside the garage interior space, Wolf continues to hug and rub the object, saying with a series of chuckles. “I like your big machine, McCamy! Your big machine is an ugly punk green colored jacked-up mud truck with a set of large mud tires. The underbelly on the truck frame is standing over thirty inches high up from the concrete slab,” he slides down from the door and then drops down on the smooth concrete, sliding underneath the underbelly of the truck. “I see two transfer cases of 28-inched spring coils…”
“…and…” McCamy states with a smile dropping down and then crawls forward scooting beside Wolf, lying underneath the underbelly of his pickup truck. “And the two pairs of lift bars help ensure that the 28-inched rear springs don’t wobble side to side but glide over each pond stream, like a sheet of solid glass too.”
“Get up and out, cowboys!” Rusk shouts with annoyance releasing Pemona and moves ahead with a sour frown, and then stops, reaching out, kicking the boot heel on McCamy. He sneers then shouts again. “Get up, McCamy and Wolf-man! We don’t have time for a gear tour. We got too much work to do, before nightfall,” he reaches over and grabs the door handle, opening up the driver’s door, searching the interior seat. The interior bench seat is decorated in white and black tinted cow dried rough hairy leather and the driver’s console is a piece of shiny but rough pieces of white and silver components of ancient metal, from old farm equipment pieces. The light-tinted metal pieces reflect off the heated sunlight rays, on a hot day. The pickup truck ignition key is perched on top of the folded sun visor, gently dangling down in the bright sunlight.
McCamy and Wolf both slide backwards from the underbelly of the truck and then stands upright from the floor, back slapping each other, presenting a big grin, returning back outside and moves away from garage entrance.
Rusk climbs inside the cab bouncing up and down in the driver’s seat and reaches up, grabbing the key. He shoves the key into the switch and then ignites the cold engine for a few seconds, slowly steering ahead from the interior garage space, driving into the clearing of dirt soil.

At 12:22 p.m., outside on top of the flat plot of red tinted dirt, a single row of teenagers stands and stares at the white-tinted man-made pickup truck.
Baycliff moves ahead with a smile and then slides around the upright body on Pemona, reaching over, grabbing her hand, turning with a chuckle to see her nose profile. He asks, “Do you like my big monster truck, Pemona?”
Pemona stares at the truck and announces with a smile. “The truck is big and looks like fun. Yes, I like it very much.”
The truck slides into a halt with the engine running. The driver’s side door opens. Rusk scoots out the driver’s seat and points with a sneer down at Baycliff, “Hey, snot-hole! Don’t touch my girl ever!”
Baycliff cuddles closer to Pemona to piss off Rusk, for brotherly fun, then says with a wink to Rusk. “Pemona gets to keep me company in the rear bed on the truck ride down into the swamp water, since it’s her first time riding inside a classic old-fashion automobile in ugly punk green. You drive the truck, while I entertain your girl,” he lifts both of his eyebrows up and down while sounding with an array of evil laughter to his friend Rusk.
Rusk jumps down from the truck lift and lands on the dirt, dashing ahead with a sneer, yelling in anger, not jealous, “Naw! How about I beat your body black and then blue, before I drive down to the swamp, Baycliff? Then you can’t drive nothing, but my folded fist,” he continues to strut ahead and pops his folded fist into his cupped palm, sounding with loud sneers at Baycliff.
Pemona moves away from Baycliff, stops, and stands in front of Rusk touching his chest with both of her hands wearing a smile. She whispers into his angry face. “I can handle little old Baycliff, since you carry my life in your hands at the steering wheel of the big mean truck,” she leans over and kisses his sneer pulling back with a smile. Rusk leans over and then kisses her face again, pulling back with a wink and a smile.
McCamy move ahead then cuddles Tulu starting to stroll ahead towards Pemona and Rusk. He reaches out and slaps Rusk on the collar bone. He smiles and says to the machine. “Get back into the cab, boy! Everyone, rush and get into the rear bed on the truck. The daylight is burning away,” he strolls ahead and then stops behind the truck rear compartment, reaching out, dropping down the tailgate. He assists Tulu to sit on top of the tail gate. She swings around and then slowly stands upright from the metal platform moving ahead, selecting the opposite forward corner next to the tool box.
Pemona silently nods with a smile then scoots around a stationery and anger Rusk. Baycliff struts ahead and walks beside Pemona bumping her body, leaning his face down into her cheekbone, for his fun and Rusk’s jealousy.
Rusk swings around with a set of low sneers and carefully watches his childhood friend Baycliff.
Baycliff and Pemona slowly stroll towards the rear of the truck and then stop. He assists her up and onto the dropped tailgate. She stands upright and then moves ahead selecting the opposite corner wall near the tool box for the new ride adventure, within the southern portion of South Beach. She turns and observes the cute couple McCamy and Tulu.
McCamy cuddles with Tulu within the opposite corner, kissing her hand and then her face, whispering with a set of secret words.
On top of the dirt, Rusk spins back and wears a smile shuffles ahead then reaches out, grabbing Taffy’s hand, dragging her towards the open driver’s side. He announces, “I need an assistant to assist with my dirt driving, girl. And you’re it, Taffy. Get into the truck on the driver’s side. The passenger door is permanently bolted, from opening, for both fun and safety,” he stops and then lifts her body upright from the grassy ground, assisting her inside the interior on the jacked-up truck cab.
On top of the dirt, Wolf dashes ahead with a smile and then jumps up from the grass, flying through the air, and lands on top of the tailgate, for fun. He spins around on his butthole and faces the truck bed, slowly standing upright from the metal platform, moving ahead and then sits down on top of the massive tire hub. He starts to bang on the metal railing holding the wheel shouting out loud for annoyance, “Let’s getting going, Rusky!”

At 12:34 p.m., among the hot temperatures with parted clouds of sunshine, inside the truck cab, the driver’s door closes shut. Rusk slowly steers the pickup truck over the dirt clearing punching the button. A new musical country song starts to play entitled What Was I Thinkin’?
The musical song What Was I Think’ was released on April 14, 2003, by the American country singer and songwriter Dierks Bentley. The songwriters are Dierks Bentley, Deric J. Ruttan, and Brett Beavers, who also produced the musical record. His musical tunes play Country sounds. His musical song was an up-tempo beat, in which, he recalled escaping one night with pretty young girl from South Alabama and then committed an array of foolish activities, during the night.


Becky was a beauty from South Alabama
Her daddy had a heart like a nine pound hammer
Think he even did a little time in the slammer
What was I thinking?

She snuck out one night and met me by the front gate
Her daddy came out waving that 12-gauge
We tore out the drive, he peppered my tailgate
What was I thinking?

O! I knew there’d be hell to pay
But that crossed my mind a little too late

Because, I was thinking about a little white tank top
Sitting right there in the middle by me
I was thinking about a long kiss
Man, just gotta get going, where the night might lead
I know what I was feeling
But what was I thinking?
What was I thinking?

By the county line, the cops were nipping on our heels
Pulled off the road and kicked it in four-wheel
Shut off the lights and tore through a cornfield
What was I thinking?

Out the other side, she was hollering, “Faster.”
Took a dirt road, had the radio blasting
Hit the honky-tonk for a little close dancing
What was I thinking?

O! I knew there’d be hell to pay
But that crossed my mind a little too late

Because, I was thinking about a little white tank top
Sitting right there in the middle by me
I was thinking about a long kiss
Man, just gotta get going, where the night might lead
I know what I was feeling
But what was I thinking?

When a mountain of a man with a “Born to Kill” tattoo
Tried to cut in, I knocked out his front tooth
We ran outside, hood sliding, like Bo Duke
What was I thinking?

I finally got her home at a half past two, later
Daddy’s in a lawn chair sitting on the driveway
Put it in park as he started my way
What was I thinking?

O! What was I thinking?
O! What was I thinking?
Then she gave a “Come and get me” grin
And like a bullet, we were gone again

Because, I was thinking about a little white tank top
Sitting right there in the middle by me
I was thinking about a long kiss
Man, just gotta get going, where the night might lead
I know, what I was feeling

Yeah, I know what I was feeling
But what was I thinking?
What was I thinking?

I know, what I was feeling
What was I thinking?
Guess, I was thinking about that tank top
Those cutoffs


The jacked-up pickup truck slowly rolls over a smooth pathway of gray rock and small patches of green short grass, where the heat kills the plants. The open skyline is painted in a lovely pale blue hue with a set of scattered white-tinted clouds. The heated particles from the engine flings off the truck hood drifting up in the air waves creating a lovely rainbow of colored steam plumes. The trunk’s four big rubber tires smooth steer over a roadway of red-tinted mud puddles, where the rainwater has not been evaporated by the sizzling heat. The truck slips to the left then slides to the right.
Rusk is an expert vehicle driver in the mud puddles and muddy dirt particles while jerking the steering column side to side, chuckling at the fun ride.
Taffy slides side to side without wearing a safety belt and laughs at the fun adventure, glancing back to see the other teens.
Inside the rear trunk bed, a teen cuddles with another teen, for safety, not love, leaning against the metal railing or inside the wall corners, within the truck bed, riding out the violent ride.
Inside the trunk bed corner, McCamy continues to sit on the floor and flirts with his girl Tulu, whispering with a set of secret words, kissing her face lightly.
Wolf continues to sit on top of the massive tire hub, holding onto the smooth metal, with his life force while scanning the new pretty landscape. Sometimes, he grunts from the rough ride.
Baycliff sits in the opposite bed corner talking and sometimes flirting with a pretty Pemona. Rusk has spent a lot of time with her at Festus Farms while imitating a beau-in-new-puppy-love. Baycliff wants to understand how her mind ticks and her soul spirit operates as Pemona is also a South Beach farm girl, like Taffy.
Inside the truck cab, Rusk drives with a smile over the dry road.
Taffy rides in the passenger seat and stares out a part-clean and part-dirty side glass window, feeling a heavy heart and a confused mind. She is extremely jealous of Pemona, worries about her parents, and hates Hico as her mental thoughts roll sideways inside her active mind. She returns back with a smile to see the part-clean and part-dirty forward windshield and the groves of shade trees, sliding over the smooth leather bench, colliding into the elbow of Rusk. She giggles with delight and reaches out holding onto his fitted waistline.
Rusk chuckles from her tender touch and continues to drive then states. “It just happened. That’s all, Taffy. We started talking at Festus Farms with some random funny things. She told me about her childhood on the farm, her friends, and her playground. I mean, her childhood swing set with a tire swing. She talked about every single thing important in her life. After a while, I figured out how good she is for me, how unique she is for me, and how much she likes me. I got overwhelmed and confused at first…”
“What do you mean, at first? What does that mean, at first?” Taffy ask turning to frown at his nose profile.
“Then, it hit me, like a thunder bolt. We matched perfectly. We share all the important things in life like marriage, children, and farming. After short time, I started to think about the same important things too, my marriage, my children, my farm…”
The dirt road swiftly turns into a muddy road as the truck slowly steers over the new terrain with ease.
Taffy frowns then says. “You don’t own a farm, Rusk.”
“I’m talking about her farm, Festus Farms. Her father Festus doesn’t have a biological son to work his farm. And his daughter Pemona doesn’t work the farm land, like you, Taffy. Pemona is not a good working mule, like you, Taffy,” he laughs with a silly grin.
“Thanks for that lovely compliment, Rusk!” She states then rolls her eyeballs, starting at the front windshield, exhaling with a puff of annoyance and presents her fake smile. She turns to see the side glass window.
“You understand my humor and my underlying meaning with that lovely compliment.”
She exhales with a puff of frustration viewing the changing environment from solid rock into swampy water, saying with a soft timber, “Yes, I do, at that.”
“After we marry…”
“Marriage!” She shouts out loud gasping in shock, turning to see his nose profile.
The monster pickup truck slams into a low stream of creek water and then slowly steers ahead as each voice screams in shock within the rear truck bed, after the brute impact and then each teen laughs out loud enjoying the fun ride.
Then the land environment swiftly changes. The mud road changes into a muddy road of numerous puddles of thick red tinted mud and brown tinted water holes.
He continues to drive and says. “I’m smitten with Pemona. I love her warmth embrace, tender soft words. The ‘bestest’ moment of my life was when we declared our love for each other. I hope you approve. You’re like my best man, but not my best man, but more like my best man-girl.”
Rusk truly desires to tattle to his best girl about the bite-nats secret bond with Pemona. Then Taffy will understand Rusk’s teenly emotions for his permanent girlfriend and future wife Pemona. However, he can’t. Taffy will become both worried and mad. Then she’ll run and tattle to McCamy. Then both McCamy and Baycliff will beat the pookie-dookie outta of Rusk for that stupid decision and serious action.
She presents her fake smile then states, “Thanks for the other lovely compliment, Rusk!”
“I hope you wanna be in my wedding ceremony, soonest, after we all kick Hico out from South Beach, for good. Pemona and I are getting married, soonest. Maybe, a double wedding will happen with us and McCamy and Tulu.”
She frowns then says. “Tulu is too young to marry right now. She’s only sixteen years old.”
He steers around the water puddle and announces. “We’re all too young to get married, right now, Taffy. And we’re all too young, right now, to fight for our farm life here in all the places, on top of the planet, on top of our own homeland here in South Beach, for a set of rusty old paint cans of bacterial gnats, created by our dads.”
She gasps in shock then turns to see his nose profile, asking with curiosity and worries, “What about each one of our fathers, Rusk? What does an old can of bite-nats paint have to do with my daddy, Rusk? This can’t be the right answer, that Hico wants or needs or desires here in our homeland. Bite-nats paint is only…”
“…about each one of our fathers, Taffy. Way back, a long time ago, in the year 2060, each one of our fathers was a genius scientist, working up there in the popular city of Huntsville, within the U.S. State of Alabama. We were all birthed and born there as a tiny baby without scientific and social knowledge,” he states then chuckles, “Each one of our fathers worked together and then created the secret formula for first experimental bite-nats paint up there, not down here.”
The muddy road changes into a low body of water covered in mud and wet dirt. Rusk steers the truck over the new terrain.
“Wait!” She shouts and tosses both of her arms in the air hitting the metal ceiling in the cab, dropping down both of her hands back down in her lap. She says with a smile. “You have definitely leaped off the planet into outer space moving from the topic of marriage to magic,” she shakes her brown tinted pixie and states with a sour frown. “What are you, not trying to say here, Rusk?”
In the rear truck bed, McCamy stands and faces the rear glass window slapping both of his hands on the glass pane, shouting out loud. “Stop, Rusk! We stop here and gather our ammunition for the fight with the Rider guards and then rescue our families at the barn on Thelee Farms.”

At 12:47 p.m., among the sizzling hot temperatures and bright sunlight rays, the truck steers ahead through the shallow depths of a swampy pond water, above the open pale blue skyline. A large grove of brown tinted bark stands upright like scattered lines of birthday candles rising up into a wide and land canopy of dark green leaves, where the stream of fresh water feeds the belly of each tree. Some of the canopy structure is covered in green moss, where the water bugs live and thrive in the cool shade.
Each tall tree stands upright and as its deep tree root system drowns in a body of water. The pickup truck skids to a halt landing a stream of swamp water as each teen in the rear bed slides towards the rear window sounding with loud laughter. The water appears more greenish color and muddy rather than clear sparkling drinking water.
In the rear truck bed, each teen slowly stands upright from the metal floor or off another teen body with a smile, scanning the new environment.
Pemona scoots sideways and then leans over the truck railing staring down into the mucky dark water, saying with a confused brow. “What…what is this place?”
Inside the truck cab, Rusk reaches over and drops the driver’s window, opening the door, climbing out. He slips and slides across the air over the metal on the door frame without falling down into the murky pond water and then slams down into a sitting McCamy. He wobbles upright side to side on top of the metal floor and shouts. “Naturally, everyone is both enthusiastic and thrilled about our new parking place.” He laughs along with the other teens.
“Move over, Rusk!” McCamy shouts with annoyance and starts to remove both his socks and boots wiggling a pair of naked feet in the air, handing the items to his girl Tulu. He slowly stands upright from the metal floor and then spins around to see the tool box, leaning down, opening the lid and reaches inside for the set of items. He pulls out a set of dull white hue, newly repaired cloth pillow cases, featuring a short piece of white tinted rope, spinning around to see each teen, announcing. “This is called, a wet slough, the geographical hole or spot or place to find our new deadly ammunition. And this is our weapon,” he scoots around each male teen handing out the pillow case to Wolf first.
Wolf slowly stands upright from the tire hub and accepts the repaired cloth pillow case laughing out loud then asks. “What kind of ammunition lives inside a dirty looking and stinky pillow case?”
McCamy hands a cloth pillow case to Baycliff, scooting backwards, standing next to Tulu. He places the short piece of rope around his neck muscles freeing up both of his hands. He drops back down on top of the floor.
In the opposite wall corner, Baycliff continues to sit on the floor, removing each sock and boot, placing the object near the tire hub, placing the rope on the pillow case around his neck. He stands upright from the metal floor and wears a smile, scooting sideways and then stops, leaning down over the railing on the side of the truck. He slips down over the metal railing and lands down in the water with a big splash, shouting out loud with a sour frown. “Ugh! The water’s cold.”
Inside the truck bed, in the arms of Rusk, Pemona scans the black tinted murky water saying with a confused frown. “What kind of ammunition lives in a body of water?”
Tulu scoots sideways from McCamy and then stops, leaning down over the truck railing, staring down at the water. She announces. “You can find bullfrogs, snakes, and turtles here. I’m coming with you, too, McCamy.”
McCamy stands upright from the metal floor, scoots sideways with a stern face, and then stops, leaning down over Tulu, pecking a kiss on her sweet-smelling fragrance of honeysuckles on her hair roots. He pulls back and says. “You should stay inside the truck bed, muffin. The water is too cold and too murky.”
She moves sideways with him, saying with her sour tone. “No! I wanna help hunt for a group of frogs too.”
He smiles then shares. “Not now, muffin! The water is too cold and too murky. We need to get our prey and then get outta, getting your and my parents from that horse barn. My daddy hates smelling horse manure both figuratively and literally. Stay here inside the warm and dry truck bed, muffin!” He leans down and lightly pecks her sweet-smelling fragrance of honeysuckles on her hair roots, pulling back, winking in her face. “Okay, Tulu?”
She says. “Okay.” Tulu does want to quickly leave and rescue her parents from Hico’s small army of idiots with a loaded gun. She spins around and touches the glass window sliding the glass sideways, opening the cab. She leans inside with her thin body and taps the musical player flipping to the next musical playlist. The playlist consists of McCamy’s favorite musical songs. A new musical song starts blowing through the swampy water environment for all eardrums.
The musical song Swamp Witch was released in the month of July, in the year 1973, by the American singer, songwriter, musician, and comedian James “Jim” Wayne Stafford. He was a self-taught musician playing the musical instruments consisting of guitar, fiddle, piano, banjo, electronic organ, and harmonica.


Black water Hattie lived back in the swamp
Where the strange green reptiles crawl
Snakes hang thick from the cypress trees
Like sausage on a smokehouse wall
Where the swamp is alive with a thousand eyes
And all of them watching you
Stay off the track to Hattie’s Shack in the back of the Black Bayou

Way up the road from Hattie’s Shack
Lies a sleepy little Okeechobee town
Talk of swamp witch Hattie lock you in when the sun go down
Rumors of what she’d done, rumors of what she’d do
Kept folks off the track of Hattie’s Shack
In the back of the Black Bayou

One day brought the rain and the rain stayed on
And the swamp water overflowed
Skeeters and the fever grabbed the town, like a fist
Doctor Jackson was the first to go
Some say the plague was brought by Hattie
There was talk of a hanging too
But the talk got shackled by the howls and the cackles
From the bowels of the Black Bayou

Early one morn between dark and dawn
When shadows filled the sky
There came an unseen caller on a town where hope run dry
In the square there was found a big black round
Vat full of gurgling brew

Whispering sounds as the folk gathered round
“It came from the Black Bayou.”
There ain’t much pride, when you’re trapped inside
A slowly sinking ship
Scooped up the liquid deep and green
And the whole town took a sip
Fever went away and the very next day the skies again were blue
Let’s thank old Hattie for saving our town
We’ll fetch her from the Black Bayou

Party of ten of the town’s best men headed for Hattie’s Shack
Said Swamp Witch magic was useful and good
And they’re gonna bring Hattie back
Never found Hattie and they never found the shack
Never made the trip back in
There was a parchment note they found tacked to a stump
Said, “Don’t come looking again!”


Wolf spins around and lifts up each leg over the metal railing dropping down into the cold water, standing upright in the mud in his bare feet, shouting with delight. “Are we going frog gigging?”
“We’re going frog hunting.” McCamy shouts and hands the last pillow case to Tulu laughing out loud. Tulu accepts the pillow case, which is for Rusk.
Inside the truck bed, Rusk sits down on top of the metal floor and removes both his socks and boots, wiggling his naked toes in the warm air, placing the items down on the floor. He stands upright from the metal floor and leans over the metal railing, dropping his body down into the knee-high waters, shouting with a sour frown. “Ugh! The water’s cold. This occasion would be more funner during nighttime. You bring a homemade can of light and a homemade spear gigging the bullfrog in the face,” he stands in his bare feet, wiggling his toes down into the cold mud reaching up to the railing, accepting the last pillow case from Tulu and then drops the rope over his bone head.
“That’s mean, also, Rusk!” Pemona states with her sour tone and continues to lean over the railing and scans the water with puzzlement. She has never been frog hunting as her family does not consume frog legs or meat.
Inside the murky water, McCamy slowly sloshes ahead towards a patch of scattered tree stumps saying with his stern face. “We don’t have time for nightfall, Rusk. Anyways, we need to finish up our hunt and then go and arrest Hico with a set of cold barrel shotguns at nightfall. Then he and the rest of these foreigners will be off our land.”
Inside the truck bed, Tulu leans over the railing hearing the slow-moving musical words, shouting over the loud musical notes. “A hunter can also gig a native lizard or snake or turtle or frog or salamander too.”
Inside the murky water, McCamy continues to slosh through the cold and then stops dunking both of his wet hands down in the dark water, touching the shallow bottom bank and feels for a bullfrog. He shouts back over the loud musical words, “Good point, Tulu! We hunt for bullfrogs, green frogs, and turtles only.”
“We can gather more critters,” Wolf shouts over the musical notes and moves ahead through the water and then stops, reaching down into the waves, feeling for a hidden bullfrog.
Taffy shouts back. “Aw, naw, now! We need to get hunting and then get going up to Thelee Farms. Our daddies need to be rescued from the armed Rider guards that we saw on the television screen device.”
Rusk slowly moves through the smooth calm waves of cold water then stops reaching down into the water, shouting back over the loud music too. “You can take a frog with a gig or by hand. We take all the frogs by hand today.”
Wolf does not find a bullfrog and then stands upright, sloshing through the cold water, yelling to the others. “Some of the regular hunts, at the slough, will gig a frog, using a club, a blowgun, a hook and line or a spear.” He laughs.
“That’s so mean!” Pemona replies and watches with a sour frown each male teen.
Rusk wades through the water and searches for a hidden bullfrog shouting back. “That’s so good! Frog legs make a delicious scrupulous meal. It’s yummy to my tummy!” He stops and then leans down into the water dropping both of wet hands down into the soft mud, feeling through the wet slimy soil for a hidden frog. “Frog gigging is usually preformed at night with only moonlight visibility and a homemade light beam and a homemade spear. A long time ago, the residents used to wade through a clear local stream of water at night and then giggled the frogs using a hand-held lantern.”
Rider Wolf stops and then leans down placing both of his dirty, naked hands down into the cold water, feeling around the muddy bottom. He says, “In the mountains, the Riders use a boat that possesses a set of lights which are mounted on the bow of the boat and a thick railing with a gigger bow that stands upright. The gigger bow swirls and twirls around for a better aim at the stationary fish or the jumping frog. Bam! You got dinner for breakfast,” he laughs. “Frog hunting is a romantic adventure for a hunter, like me. To me, frog gigging is the ultimate outdoor sport. You only need a gig spear and a source of light in the darkness. I have pursed my meal on foot around the pond water and the river bank and inside a boat using a gig pole. This is the life here and there!” He slips his entire Rider body down into the cold water waves, peeking his bone skull and his two eye sockets above the water surface, at eye level, reaching down into the mud and grabs one of the slick bullfrogs. He stands upright and displays his prize shouting. “I got me a bullfrog! This sucker is big and heavy!”
Inside the truck bed, Taffy waves both of her arms and stands upright, shouting to Wolf. “Come over here, to me, Wolf! Place him inside my tin pail!” She kicks the tin pail as it softly tings in sound.
“Naw! He’s mine!” Wolf comments and cuddles the bullfrog as it sounds with a loud rebbit, rebbit.
“We eat him and the other lady bullfrogs later, after we rescue our families getting them away from the true vicious band of nasty Riders at the barn site. I like my frog legs deep fried.” Rusk states then laughs.
Baycliff laughs then states. “I like my frog legs cooked with fresh onions and green bell peppers.”
Tulu leans over the metal railing and watches the commotion in the water announcing. “My mama breads a mixture with eggs and bread crumbs, before slipping them suckers down into the hot oil, deep frying.”
“Be careful! A frog can jump over twenty times higher than its own body length,” Baycliff states and sloshes ahead towards one of the tree stumps. The alert bullfrog sunbathing on top of the tree stump swiftly leaps in the air and then arcs towards another tree stump. He misses the bullfrog and lands face first down in the cold water, emerging from the cold water, spitting out muck. His face is covered in red tinted mud. The other teens laugh for fun.
Rusk sloshes through the cold water and continues to hunt for a frog laughing out loud then exclaims. “Aw! That big ugly bullfrog doesn’t like the stinky smell on a human Baycliff. Do that again! You look great with a mud pack that clears out all of your teenly zits.”
Baycliff stands in place and exhales with a puff of annoyance wiping off his muddy face, announcing with a nasty timber. “I don’t have a face of teenly zits. You need a pair eye prescription or reading glasses, my non-brother Rusk!”
“I guess, you don’t have a set of teen zits, now. Ain’t that right, Baycliff?” Wolf states then laughs.
Rusk frowns then states. “I wish we could use a gig pole.”
McCamy slowly chases after a new bullfrog on top of the exposed tree stump, shouting out loud. “No gig poles. No spear tridents. No shotguns. Use your hands. We’ve been hunting frogs for decades.”
Baycliff states with a frown. “I’m been hunting frogs for decades with a gig pole.”
McCamy captures the bullfrog and cuddles the mammal into his chest, standing upright in the murky cold water, spinning around to see each male teen. He asks, “How many frogs did we capture, so far?”
“I got me, three!” Wolf states and stands upright tossing both of his arms in the air, wearing a smile and as each captured bullfrog wiggles inside his cloth pillow case for freedom croaking with distress and tickles his naked chest muscles.
Rusk continues to slosh again and looks down into the murky water shouting with a stern face. “I got me, two!”
Baycliff holds up his one bullfrog in front of his grin yelling to McCamy, “I got two turtle doves and a partridge in a pear tree,” he laughs with the other teens.
McCamy slowly sloshes back to the pickup truck and shouts with a smile. “Excellent, ya’ll! We’re done here. Who’s not wet and dirty here?”
“Me!” Taffy stands upright from the metal railing and holds an empty tin pail in both of her cupped hands extending the pail over the railing for the captured bullfrogs.
“Me, too!” Pemona stands upright from the metal railing and smiles at each male teen.
McCamy hears the musical song then spins around nodding with a smile to Taffy, “All right! Taffy, you get to drive the truck back to my mama’s shack. Then, we all get dressed and invade the horse barn on Thelee Farms and rescue our parents. Then we need to ensure their safety and get dressed up and not attack the old hotel building on my farm property. Because we need to register our Showcase exhibition for the showdown tonight,” he stops and then climbs back onto the lower tailgate, slipping over the metal truck bed, sliding down onto the wall corner with his girl Tulu.
The rest of the male teens carefully climb up into the trunk bed compartment, sitting down on top of the metal plate, draining numerous water droplets over each other and the other teens for amusement.
Taffy nods back with a smile then spins around carefully sliding over metal railing, slowly crawling into the driver’s window. She is too tall and too wide entering through the open center window, where her short and skinny sister used. Taffy gently falls down into the driver’s seat, wiggling her butthole into the rough leather, cranking the cold engine for a few seconds. The engine should warm and warn the teens of upcoming rough ride. She shouts through the center open window, anyways, vocally warning the band of noisy teens. “The engine’s cranked! Sit down! Safe yourselves! Don’t fall into the swamp!” She laughs out loud and reaches over selecting another new song on Tulu’s musical playlist. The musical playlist came from her parents, when they were younger and lived in a nice teenager life, before three nuclear wars on Planet Earth.
The musical song Funkytown was released, in the year 1979, by the American disco musical band named Lipps Inc., from their debut album entitled Mouth to Mouth. The musical song was written by musician, composer, and record producer Steven Greenberg and sung by Cynthia Johnson. The musical song was written in the musical instrument key of C Major and expressed the desire for the person to keeping moving and grooving, looking for new energy. Steven composed the song living in the cold northern city of Minneapolis, within the U.S. State of Minnesota with future career dreams of moving and grooving to New York City, with the U.S. State of New York.
In the first recorded musical video, singer Debbie Jenner served as the face of the band named Lipps Inc. while performing in the countries of the Netherlands and Germany. She dances and mime the words from the popular song. The musical song entered the United States of America on March 29, 1980 becoming the number one musical song playing on free American air waves from May 31st to June 21st and becoming a permanent disco party musical song for all social parties, since the year 1980.


Gotta make a move to a town that’s right for me
Town to keep me moving
Keep me grooving with some energy

Well, I talk about it, talk about it
Talk about it, talk about it
Talk about, talk about
Talk about moving

Gotta move on
Gotta move on
Gotta move on

Won’t you take me to
Funkytown?
Won’t you take me to
Funkytown?
Won’t you take me to
Funkytown?
Won’t you take me to
Funkytown?

Won’t you take me to
Funkytown?
Won’t you take me to
Funkytown?
Won’t you take me to
Funkytown?
Won’t you take me to
Funkytown?

Gotta make a move to a town that’s right for me
Town to keep me moving
Keep me grooving with some energy

Well, I talk about it, talk about it
Talk about it, talk about it
Talk about, talk about
Talk about moving

Gotta move on
Gotta move on
Gotta move on

Won’t you take me to
Funkytown?
Won’t you take me to
Funkytown?
Won’t you take me to
Funkytown?
Won’t you take me to
Funkytown?

Won’t you take me down
To Funkytown?
Won’t you take me down
To Funkytown?


Inside the cab, Taffy jerks the gear into reverse and then slowly presses the gasoline pedal pulling the big monster truck out from the murky swamp. She is an expert vehicle driver in the mud puddles and muddy soil jerking the steering column side to side, chuckling at the fun ride. She slides side to side without wearing a safety belt and laughs at the fun adventure, glancing back into the rear view mirror seeing the other teens.
Inside the rear trunk bed, each teen sits on top of the wet metal floor and slides sideways slamming into each other’s folded body while getting wet or muddy, having fun during the violent ride by driver Taffy.

At 02:04 p.m. back in Ebro Farms, at the tiny shack location, inside the truck cab, Taffy slowly rolls the jacked-up pickup truck over a smooth pathway of gray rock and small patches of green short grass, where the heat kills the plants and above a skyline of pale blue with a set of scattered white clouds. The monster pickup truck stops a few feet from the tiny shack standing in the short grass blades. Taffy kills the engine and then slides out the door dashing around to the rear tailgate on the truck. She doesn’t want any of the teenagers to become injured from wet water and mud, before meeting the new Rider dance team, within new the Showcase event tonight.
She reaches the tailgate and drops the metal plate.
Each wet and dirty teen carefully slides down from the metal floor and lands down on the grass, moving ahead towards the shack.
Rusk and Pemona holds with each other’s dirty, muddy hand following the back spine on McCamy and Tulu, who cuddle in both mud and dirt also. They pass by the front porch on the tiny shack, moving ahead in the heated day. Their wet skin quickly dries the wet mud forming numerous scattered large and small mud clots over the skin tissue and the wet clothes.
Pemona turns with a smile and points at the front porch on the tiny shack, saying with confusion, “Umm! The house is that way.”
Rusk continues to cuddle her in wet mud shuffling ahead towards the row of low-lying plant bushes saying with a smile. “I know that.”
“We are moving away from the house.”
“I know that.”
She slaps the mud away from her leg and announces with puzzlement, “Umm! I really wanted to take a bath before we go and rescue your parents.”
He smiles. “I know that.”
“Umm! How am I supposed to take a bath, if I can’t get into the house?”
“There isn’t a bathroom inside the house. We’re going to the outdoors bathroom.”
She gasps in shock then states with worry, “Umm! The bathroom facilities are located outside. Why is that?”
He laughs. “My daddy never got around to building an indoor bathroom, for my mama.”
She frowns then asks. “So, how did you mother take a bath out here?”
He smiles and points ahead towards the thick row of wild rose bushes saying with his calm timber. “She used the shower head to clean her naked body, when dirty, in front of Mother Nature.”
Pemona halts with gasp and stares at the row of bushes then exclaims. “What! Why! What’s that? Why’s that?”
In front of a grove of tall shade trees, a tall line of green-tinted plant bushes stands parallel to the tree line, except all the tiny plant leaves are covered in glittering water droplets. However, there isn’t a rain cloud in the sky. Rusk smiles and starts to drag Pemona towards the row of bushes. 
Pemona slowly walks ahead and points beyond the bushes viewing semi-naked McCamy, Baycliff, and Wolf. The upper body is covered in gleaming water droplets.
McCamy, Baycliff, and Wolf, each male teen has removed their wet tee shirt wiping both of their hands around their individual body. Tulu is missing from the group.
Pemona stops and stands at the tall bushes, standing on her tippy toes, leaning over the wet leaves. She gasps in shock and then asks, “What? Why? What’s this? What are they doing over there?”
“This is an outdoor bathroom for shower bathing. In front of that far line of shade trees, there stands an extra-extra-large, hollow, round-shaped, iron-coated pipe that holds fresh water pumped from the fresh water pond lake. There large pipe feeds four curved pipes each one holding a metal shower head. So, you can take a good clean bath in the sizzling heated sunshine.”
“No!” She yells waving both of her dirty arms in the air and presents a worried brow. “I am not doing that. Are they naked?”
He laughs then explains shaking his dirty bone skull. “Naw now! The guys don’t wear a shirt but their pants. They’re bathing semi-naked in there. Tulu is not naked either and stands in there as she is petite compared to the tall males. She’s washing her hair and all her non-privately exposed body parts are getting cleaned, like her arms and legs. Come on and join the fun, girl!” Rusk laughs out loud and moves ahead ripping off his muddy tee shirt, dropping the item down on the grass, and then stops standing underneath one of the shower heads. He slowly spins around with a wet face and faces Pemona with a smile reaching up, grabbing the chain rope and pulls downward. The shower head drops down a steady stream of water and as Rusk yells out loud releasing the chain rope. He rubs his dirty naked chest with both of his hands while laughing with a smile.
Wolf finishes his outdoor bath first presenting a wet, clean naked chest and a pair of wet semi-clean trousers, pitching the bar of soap to Rusk. Rusk catches it. Wolf moves ahead leaving the outdoor shower spot and enters the tiny shack, hunting for a set of dry clothes.
Rusk is all wet and happy jabbing his finger, nodding to Pemona. She slowly advances ahead and wears a smile standing below the shower head beside Rusk. He reaches up and grabs her chain rope releasing a steady stream of water, covering her hair and body. He laughs with amusement.
She screams out loud and wraps both of her arms around her dirty shirt yelling in shock, strutting her words. “It…it’s cold!”
He laughs out loud and leans over hugging her cold body, warming her limbs then shares. “It’s pond water. Of course, it’s cold-feeling. That’s why we bath among the hot sizzling sunshine rays. We quickly dry off in minutes, in this sizzling heat,” he release her then stand upright laughing out loud, washing her arm. She leans over and washes his naked chest sounding with a series of girly giggle. She has never touched a male so much and so close before.
A loud honking noise disturbs the bath time moment, for Rusk and Pemona.
Rusk looks up with a gasp and sees the muddy pickup truck, which is parked a few feet from the row of plant bushes.
Taffy hangs out the driver’s window and waves her hand yelling at the teens, “Hurry up, ya’ll! I gotta bathe the truck too.”
McCamy looks up with his laughter and motions to Taffy then orders. “Come on and roll my truck underneath the row shower heads, Taffy. We all can give it a bath too.”
Taffy toots the horn for fun and then carefully drives the truck underneath the row of shower heads. Each teen jumps onto a part of the metal body helping bathe off the mud, dirt, and sand from the machine while laughing with fun. After bathing the metal and the flesh, the teens and the truck return to the shack dressing and prepping for the first Bandit mission of the day, rescuing their parents.




One hour later….

At 03:04 p.m., among the sizzling air temperatures and bright sunlight rays, the teens load back into the rear compartment, on the pickup truck. McCamy takes the steering wheel with Tulu at his side, slowly driving away from his mama’s shack towards a pink-tinted, stone-coated horse barn located on Thelee Farms. The other teens stand against the tall cab compartment on the rolling monster truck and bump into each other dancing to the music while having some fun and releasing out all their intense teenly emotions for the upcoming fight with a new band of Riders.
The musical song Kiss My Country Ass was performed by American Country musical artist Blade Sheldon in the year 2008. The musical songwriters included Dallas Davidson, Jon Stone, and Thomas Rhett Atkins.


Tearing down a dirt road, Rebel flag flying
Coon Dog in the back
Truck bed loaded down with beer
And a cold one in my lap
Earnhardt sticker behind my head
And my woman by my side
Tail-pipe’s popping
The radio’s rocking, Country Boy Can Survive.
If you got a problem with that. Ha! Ha!
You can kiss my country ass

Well, I love turkey calls, overalls, Wrangler jeans
Smoke nothing, but Marlboro Reds
Tattoos up and down my arms
And deer heads over my bed

Well, my granddaddy fought in World War Two
But my daddy went to Vietnam
And I ain’t scared to grab my gun
And fight for my homeland
If you don’t love the American Flag
Well, you can kiss my country ass

If you’re a down-home, backwoods Redneck
Hey, come on! Stand up and raise your glass!
But if you ain’t down with my Outlaw crowd
You can kiss my country ass

Aw, yeah!
Aw, yeah!
Well, there’s a whole lotta High-Class people out there
That’s a-looking down on me
Because, the Country Club, where I belong
Is a Honky Tonk, until three in the morning
Don’t wear no fancy clothes, no ties or three piece suits
You can find me in my camouflage cap
My tee-shirt and cowboy boots
If that don’t fit your social class
You can kiss my country ass

If you’re a down-home, backwoods Redneck
Hey, come on! Stand up and raise your glass!
But if you ain’t down with my Outlaw crowd
You can kiss my country ass

Well, I’m a front-porch sitting, guitar picking
Moonshine sipping
Tobacco chewing, spitting country boy, from the woods
And I love fried chicken and blue gill fishing
And Outlaw women, and I wouldn’t change, if I could.
No!

I ain’t trying to start no fight, but I’ll finish one every time
So, you just mind your own damn business
Stay the hell outta mine
If you got a problem with that
Well, you can kiss my country ass

I said, if you got a problem with any of that
You can kiss my natural born
Redneck to the bone
Ever loving country ass
That’s right!


The gigantic individual semi-circular limestone cliff holding the land property on the Thelee Farms is no different from the Erbo Farms or Baycliff’s daddy’s farm property. Each plot of land is 100 miles wide and 125 miles long setting 200 feet high above the rough, warm water of the Gulf of Mexico, if you wanna use some math numbers, for your tiny brain cells. Each plot of land contains numerous scattered bald spots of hard, gray-tinted, limestone solid rock holding no grass or dirt or creek but cleverly hides a single deep growling fissure pit that heats the crops, the trees, and the plants, growing them into an array of gigantic objects.
However, the individual decorative bald spot of rock is wildly placed by Mother Nature. Around each bald spot, Mother Nature has used her personal touch and created her own art work, for herself or maybe the surviving humans. She must’ve felt sorry for the stupid bastards killing each other off, without harming the planet, her domain.
Some of the flat rock-coated bald spots are surrounded by miles of green-tinted grass for cows, goats, horses, chickens, and pigs. Other bald spots guard miles of red tinted clay dirt plots, for fertile crop productions. Another group of bald spots protect a grove of tall, thick, shady, cool forestland housing a small variety of wild animals, used for both beauty and food, by Mother Nature and the humans.
The flat rock-coated bald spot here on Thelee Farms runs 1,000 feet wide by 500 feet across and displays, several yards away from a thick lush woodlands, a large pink-tinted, stone-covered barn and four smaller barns for storing both hay rolls for horse food and herds of horses during a bad weather pattern. Surrounding the bald spot, four meadows of green short grass blades are protected by scattered woodlands, currently housing a pen of both geldings and mares; a pen of mama and baby horses, and a single pen with a stallion and three goats. Running through the fields, without literally exercising but slowly strolling around becoming fatter for a future meal, numerous chickens, chicks, roosters, and wild turkeys also feed off the tender tiny grasslets as the animals peacefully graze while ignoring the silly loud movements from the humans.
On the farthest side away from the row of barns, a tall wall of thick, green-tinted cool shade trees, McCamy ceases the loud musical song on the player, stops, and then parks the truck killing the engine, observing the new environment.
The other teens drop down out of sight and sit on top of the metal floor wearing a stern face while waiting for McCamy’s instructions. They hide away from the active band of Rider guards.
Each barn material is comprised of hard stones in dull pink hue. The structure does not contain a single viewing window as the building is used for protection of both food stuffs and livestock. The only entrance or exit point is a set of double wooden doors painted in white hue.
The largest barn is surrounded by a lovely circular pathway of rose bushes and fruit trees guarding a tall wall of thick, green-tinted cool shade trees. Tourann does not work outside but commands the indoors completing her personal chores, within the family household. But she asks her husband to nicely decorate each lonely barn with colorful bushes that keep out the pesky wild animals and the stinging insects when her two daughters enjoy riding the horses or working outside around the meadows. Of course, Thelee obliges with the commands from his lovely wife of twenty-three years.
The band of Riders stand in boredom but alertness near the closed doors guarding all the leaders from the South Beach Colony, which includes the biological parents of Taffy, McCamy, and Baycliff.
Each Rider is not painted in bite-nats colors either wearing a pale-tinted skin tone, a head of blonde-tinted hair strands, a pair of blue eyeballs, a white-tinted, short-sleeved tee shirt, a pair of dark blue jeans, and a set of sneakers toting a shotgun. A Rider resides within the side of the cool mountain air, not the blistering sunlight. A group of Riders have parked on the opposite side huddling underneath an overstory cool shade, away from the bright sunlight rays, provided by a grove of tall tree leaves.
Inside the truck bed, McCamy gives the whispered signal through the open center window to the other three male teens. Two of males change from a white or colored tee shirt into a black one as during a vicious fight, you wanna punch your enemy, not your friend.
The naughty Riders wear white hue; the nice Bandits present in black hue.
Each male teen slides down the side metal railing without disturbing the quiet peace among a heated day and then squat down hiding slightly behind the driver’s door on the truck.
Each male also wears a pair of faded, ripped, dirty blue jeans and a pair of colorful, polished leather cowboys with a set of pointy toes.
Inside the cab, driver McCamy opens the door and then slides out standing on top of the short grass blades wearing a black-tinted, short-sleeved tee shirt, a pair of clean faded, ripped blue jeans, and a pair of polished blue and red colored leather cowboy boots with a set of pointy toes.
He smiles leaning inside and grabs Tulu. She scoots sideways and then sits on the edge of the front seat wearing a pair of faded, ripped blue jeans, a pink-tinted tee shirt, and her pair of polished maroon and pink colored, leather cowgirl boots. She poses a few feet away from the girly couple of Pemona and Taffy, who stand folded at their waistline inside the rear bed compartment. They spy on the pink-tinted barn and rows of Riders in silence.
Tulu places both booted feet on top of the lift kick, which does not touch the ground, standing even in height with her tall boyfriend. She wears a worried brow for her parents, her boyfriend, her sister, her friends and her mission.
McCamy stands in front of the kick lift and orders. “Stay put right here, in my monster truck, muffin! You’ll be safer right here. I’ll be back, after my fun.” He softly laughs with an evil tone then leans down kissing her lips, pulling back with a wink. He back steps and gently shoves Tulu back onto the cab bench closing the door shut, spinning around to face a prominent horse trail of flattened light green grass blades and dark green tinted tree leaves.
Baycliff appears with a wicked grin and moves beside McCamy handing off a second tin pail holding a set of live croaking bullfrogs. The two male teens shuffle ahead and bump into each other, for fun. Wolf and Rusk pad together following them.
Inside the trunk cab, Tulu quietly sits and watches the back spine on McCamy, Wolf, Rusk and Baycliff. The male teens slowly pace towards the Riders, who continue to huddle underneath the shade trees, in front of the barn’s entrance point. She spins around facing the open center window and leans into the frame, saying to Taffy. “Taffy, are we staying put here along the truck bed?”
“Aw naw!” Taffy whispers back to her sister. “We’re going to have some fun playtime too. Open your door, Tulu, and get out, squatting down on the grassy ground!” She wears a pair of faded, ripped blue jeans, a red-tinted tee shirt, and a pair of unpolished brown and black colored, leather cowgirl boots. She slides across the metal floor and then shoves Pemona into metal railing, for fun.
Tulu opens the door and then slides out, squatting down, staying still. She faces the engine hood.
Pemona wears a pair of faded, ripped blue jeans, a light blue tee shirt, and a pair of polished orange and red colored leather cowgirl boots. She drops down from the metal railing, squats down and waits behind Tulu.
Taffy leaps from the truck bed, lands on the soft grass, squat down behind Pemona. Then she twists her body around in the grass and starts to butt-crawl ahead leading the two teens slowly down the metal side of the truck. She crawls ahead behind the row of low-lying green tinted plant bushes and underneath the low-lying tree limbs. She leads towards the rear of the barn as a huddle of fourteen Riders focus on the four advancing South Beach cowboys.
McCamy pads beside Baycliff heading towards the barn, scanning each side, seeing the open meadow. The herd of horses has been safely moved away from the barn structure and feed near a grove of trees, where the herd is safe and silent. He smiles at the pretty herd of horses then returns back seeing the Riders, ordering to his brother. “Stay behind me, little brother. I lead and then I…”
“I’m the negotiator here, big brother,” Rusk says with a calm timber and shuffles Wolf.
McCamy swings two pails holding the stunned small mammals in each hand saying with a smile, “Naw, boy! You’re the peacekeeper while keeping good peace between me and our daddy for a long time now, filling in for our sweet departed mama. Anyways, Baycliff is the real negotiator among the four South Beach musketeers. I’m the fighter. And Wolf-man, he’s our secret weapon. Ain’t that right, dude?” He laughs.
Wolf laughs without commenting, toting the secret weapon, for the upcoming encounter, with his own fellow clan members, clapping in excitement.
Underneath each overstory green tinted shade tree, Taffy continues to move in a squat over the short grass blades and then quickly crosses the open space between the bushes and the side of the barn. She stand upright then rapidly races ahead hiding behind the rear wall on barn, stopping near the opposite end of the wall.
Tulu and Pemona stand upright and quickly follow behind Taffy and then stops beside her in silence.
Taffy leans down and places both of her naked hands down into the soft dirt digging out a larger hole, until she sees empty space. She points to her boots then fingers the new open hole.
Tulu nods in silence understanding the secret message from Taffy, removing her leather boots that will impede her body movements into the hole. She moves ahead and leans down wiggling and grunting down underneath the hole, disappearing from Taffy and then emerges in the interior walls of the barn setting.
Pemona nods in silence also removing her boots, crawling down on the dirt and enters the hole next, disappearing into the barn interior. Inside every barn wall, numerous farm implements are always stored and now available, such like, hoes, shovels, and pick axes, for a short but sweet fight with a nasty band of Riders, even without her cowgirl boots.
The open hole was created by the loving litter of young and mature family dogs, last season. The canines have fun scouting and searching for each other, during the heated daylight hours, like a fun doggie Hide and Seek childhood fun game. However, the smarter dogs learned to dig in the soft dirt, without the roots and thorns attacking their paws and ear points, coming from a lovely planted red tinted rose bush, then created a large hole, crawling through the hole, and then emerged into the cool shade of the barn interior. They ended up sleeping, during the heated day, without performing any of their assigned doggie chores, of course, on Thelee Farms. Taffy was assigned to fill the hole permanently ceasing their naughty canine behavior. However, her secret spying tasks, along with her current boyfriend Baycliff, greatly interfered while learning about the new bite-nats information from each new farm neighbor, taking high priority over her regular farm chores. Thus, she never was able to fill the hole.
Now, it is with great luck, coming from the heavenly angels, that a stupid Hico has selected this particular farm site, on Thelee Farms, to house and hold all the leaders from the South Beach Colony. Now, Taffy and her friends will be able to execute a fast and furious rescue of all the hostages, including her sweet parents.
Taffy softly chuckles with her deep, dark secret now shared with her sister, swiftly removing her boots then wiggles down over the dirt last crawling underneath the open hole, disappearing from the heated air waves.

At 03:14 p.m., in front of the entrance doors, McCamy stops and stands shoving his pail into Baycliff’s hands, smiling then says to the tight huddle of Riders, “Howdy, bubba!”
The Riders quickly and quietly flee the shade, then un-huddle, and finally form two semi-crooked straight lines with a combination of seven males and females guarding the closed entrance doors, toting a shotgun in both of their crooked arms, scanning each new face.
Not all of the South Beach natives are mad or insulted with the numerous un-invited visitors visiting here at their home Colony. Mainly, the South Beach adults are upset; some of them are held in their homesteads as a group of hostile hostages, until Hico receives his demands. The South Beach youth act normal playing outside with their farm neighbors ignoring the other Colonists. The South Beach teen males do not bother with a furious fight against all the visiting Colonists either but continue to hunt and fish, for their daily meal.
The leader of the Rider became the leader, after beating up a group of four little girls into blue bruises and red blood proteins, who were happily playing near the newly created hotel building used for the upcoming Showcase event tonight. Hico had witnessed his nasty ways and then assigned the Rider to guard the hostages here at the barn building.
The leader sneers at the four South Beach teens then states with a nasty timber, “What do you want over here, Bandit?” He punches the rib cage on his girlfriend Rider first then they march ahead and stop, leaning down into the tin pails that dripping down to the ground with a set of individual water droplets.
McCamy extends his single tin pail towards two Riders showing a set of live brown spotted mammals inside the metal as each bullfrog musically croak its love song in the air. He says. “Can we hunt around the patches of pretty wildflowers over yonder, sirs? These things like to eat all the crawling bugs.” The other South Beach teens softly snigger at the nasty comment.
“I’m a girl!” The ugly female Rider states then stares with her lady sneer at McCamy.
“Know that, stupid!” The lead Rider states and cuddles his shotgun, staring down inside the pail of live bullfrogs.
“Bubba’s smart!” McCamy says turning to wink at the ugly female Rider while laughing along with Rusk and Wolf.
Baycliff doesn’t acknowledge the wink or the compliment to the Rider from McCamy, sneering with a sour frown, saying with a nasty timber, “Smart-hole.”
McCamy nods with his smile staring at leader then asks. “Can we hunt over yonder? We’re all hungry for some snacks.”
“What snacks?” The leader states with confusion and continues to frown down at the pail of bullfrogs.
“A fried frog leg is a very nutritious afternoon snack. We eat them for energy.” McCamy states and then points down into the pail chucking with amusement.
“Yum. Yum. Dum. Dum.” Baycliff comments turning to sneer at each Rider’s face.
“Know that, too, stupid!” A third male Rider shouts then moves ahead standing beside the leader and in front of McCamy, viewing the pail of bullfrogs, lifting the shotgun onto his collar bone.
“A frog leg tastes, like a fried chicken drum stick. Do you like fried chicken fingers?” McCamy asks the Riders then laughs with amusement.
“Everything tastes like fried chicken.” Baycliff states then huffs at each Rider.
A fourth Rider shuffles ahead from the guard line wearing a smile, stops then stands beside the female Rider, asking with a calm timber. “Do you have any turtles? A dead cooked turtle in a soup tastes like…”
“…chicken…” Baycliff states then laughs with his friends.
“Everything tastes like chicken to Baycliff.” McCamy states with a grin then turns with a wink to see his friend.
“What’s a Baycliff?” The third Rider looks up with his puzzlement to see McCamy.
Rusk smiles then asks. “Don’t you know the cliff, where the bay meets the hard rocks, dude?”
“Naw! It’s him!” McCamy states and bumps into Baycliff nodding with a smile at the row of Riders.
The female Rider looks up and examines the two teens, gasping in shock, jabbing her finger at Baycliff and then McCamy. She yells with puzzlement. “It…he…they’re the wild gang of renegades, outlaws, bandits that we’re been hunting for.” She quickly shifts the shotgun from her collar bone into both of her cupped palms, without time to aim the barrel at Baycliff, the known South Beach Bandit.
Baycliff slaps his chest and states. “Naw, man! I’m the rebel! I like that term much, much better than renegade, because a rebel means…” he rears back his fist holding his breath, punching his arm towards the ugly nose bridge, on the uglier female rider. She tumbles sideways landing on top of the hard rock, dropping her gun, moaning in pain. Baycliff laughs then dashes ahead into the rows of Riders starting to punch both of his flying fists into the closest teen, female and male.
The leader Rider swings his shotgun barrel directly at the chest on McCamy, laughing out loud, yelling at the teen, “I win, here, jack hole!” He ducks sideways, without firing a bullet, swiftly away from the flying fist at his jaw line.
A set flying folded fists from each Bandit hits into the Rider’s jaw line. Each Rider’s bone skull tilts to the right and then to the left exhibiting a dizzy mind and as each arm tosses away the gun then flings to the left and then to the right knocking the person down on top of the hard rock surface.
McCamy ducks to his left coming from a Rider’s fist punch.
Rusk reaches out with a sneer and grabs the advancing fist from the Riders shoving the tall, strong, female Rider away from his body slamming into the tree bark. He knock her unconscious.
A flying fist from a male Rider slaps the eight-pack abs on Baycliff. Baycliff laughs out loud without pain then swiftly rears back and then slams his folded fist against the glass jaw and as the Rider stumbles backwards dropping down inside a tiny dry mud puddle on top of the rock surface.
McCamy shoots both of his fists at the six-pack abs, like two battering rams, on the next fighting Rider, who stumbles backwards then lands down on his back spine, on top of the hard rock surface, curling sideways in both intense body pain and spilled red tinted blood proteins.
Rusk runs ahead and chases down a new Rider, shoving the back spine on the same Rider into the lovely rose patch with the thousands of prickly thorns beside the barn doors. The Rider lands on top of the sharp thorns, scratching all his exposed and clothed body parts, screaming in terrible pain. He yells in pain slowly trying to stand up from the flora attack.
Baycliff finishes the next female Rider with his left hook to her glass jaw and as the teen tumbles sideways dropping down on top of a tiny dried mud puddle within the large hard rock surface. She sleeps without feeling her painful body.
A new female tall and ugly Rider quickly advances from the entrance door, on the barn pumping her shotgun into action, direct pointing the cold barrel in Rusk’s nostrils. Rusk flips up both of his palms upright for a quick surrender, before his death call.
Wolf spins around from an unconscious Rider and leans down grabbing up a grounded hard tree limb, tossing the object at the back spine on the female Rider. The Rider swings around with a growl and finds a flying fist from Wolf on her glass or weak female jaw line. The Rider has two black tinted eye sockets and a broken nose bridge, slowly tumbles backward, dropping the gun and lands on her kneecaps and cries in pain.
Inside the interior wall of the barn, the musical song repeats again for the captured hostages.
The musical song Huntin’, Fishin’ and Lovin’ Every Day was released on March 14, 2016, by the American country singer and songwriter Thomas Luther “Luke” Bryan. The songwriters are Luke Bryan, Dallas Davidson, Rhett Atkins, and Ben Hayslip. His musical songs play Country; Country Rock and Country Pop sounds.


Woah. Woah. Mmm.

If I could make a living, walking in the woods
You could bet, I’d be sitting pretty good
High on a hill looking at a field downwind
If I could make a nickel off a turning them bass
Never worry about the price of gas
I’d be wheeling and dealing and sitting there, reeling them in

A hunting, fishing, and loving, every day
That’s the prayer that a country boy prays
Thank God! He made me, this way
Hunting and fishing and loving, every day
Early in the morning and late in the evening
I’m getting red dirt rich and Flint River pay
Hunting and fishing and loving, every day

I’d get a little farm pond buzz
Sound of gravel, when I back it up
And pulling the string on a 9.9, two stroke, Murphy
I love it, when my baby wants to roll with me
Throws her boots on, climbs in a tree

Tucking her hair in my hat and she’s ready to go
And we’d get to hunting, fishing, and loving, every day
That’s the prayer, that a country boy prays
Thank God! He made me this way
Hunting, fishing, and loving, every day
Early in the morning and late in the evening
I’m getting red dirt rich, Flint River pay

Hunting, fishing, and loving, every day

So, while ya’ll are up there
Breathing in that dirty air
I’ll be down here knee deep in the Muckalee

Hunting, fishing, loving, every day
I wanna see them tall pines sway
Ya’ll close them eyes
And let’s go there in our minds

Hunting, fishing, and loving, every day
That’s the prayer, this country boy prays
Thank God! He made me this way

Hunting, fishing, and loving, every day
Black coffee in the morning and dark whiskey in the evening
I get red dirt rich and Flint River pay
Hunting, fishing, and loving, every day

Won’t you come, along with me
Won’t you come, along with me
I know, you’ll wanna see
Hunting, and fishing, and loving, every day
Yeah!


A loose huddle of numerous adult males sit quietly looking at each other, turning to see each Rider guard that stands at the entrance wall. Outside the entrance doors, loud shouts occur then bombard the room space. Each Rider swings around and faces the closed doors, slowly padding ahead, toting their rifle.
The leader from the row of Rider guards reaches out and cracks open the door, watching the fight between the Bandits and the Riders.
Tulu carefully crawls over the smooth stone coming from hidden hole inside the rear wall then stops beside the barn’s gun cubby reaching up, grabbing three hand guns. Pemona copies Tulu and holds two hands gun. Taffy squats down and moves ahead stopping in front of the gun cubby, getting four weapons.
Tulu totes the weapons in one curled arm on top of the smooth floor towards the huddle of adult males then stops, gently placing her gun in untied cupped hand on the closest adult. The adult recognizes the items and accepts the weapon watching the tight huddle of Riders, who crowd into the cracked doorway.
Pemona also crawls over the floor and passes out a hand gun to the other adult male, in silence, while watching the back spine on each Rider guard.
Now, most of the adult males are armed with a loaded gun and then slowly stands upright from the smooth floor, without detection, pointing the cold barrel at the huddle of Riders, without scaring each teen into an accidental murder of a human body. Each adult male slowly advances ahead and points a cold barrel into an individual body part then halts softly warning the Rider to quietly surrender, reaching out and snatches away the Rider’s weapon.
Each Rider carefully spins from the cracked door then views a row of smiling from each South Beach adult, who magically holds a loaded gun. Each Rider lifts both of their empty palms near their jaw line wearing a sour frown in silence.
Ebro flicks his barrel tip towards the side wall in silence.
Each Rider slowly sidesteps away from the entrance door and then huddles into the wall corner while mumbling in a string of soft curses.
The two barn doors swing open.
McCamy rushes inside first and then halts with gasp a few feet from the entrance doors seeing the line of armed South Beach adult males then views his female friends. Each South Beach holds a hand gun also. He laughs out loud expressing both his relieve and worry.
Baycliff, Rusk and Wolf dash inside and then stop standing in a row with McCamy while pointing at the males, laughing in relieve also.
The other adult males stand and aim a loaded gun at the sitting line of teen Riders without harming the young persons while each daddy greets their biological child, secretly celebrating their love and happiness.
Ebro hand his gun to his neighbor and then swiftly moves ahead colliding with love into his older twin son, pulling back with a smile. He yells in relieve, “McCamy, I’m totally befuddled here; but I’m very happy to see your body, alive and well, son. Follow me and collect one of the heavy chains! We’ll start tying up each Rider teen from escaping from Thelee Farms,” he sidesteps and hugs his baby twin Rusk, pulling with his smile, saying with his nervous timber. “I’m so happy to you, too, son! I don’t know the details of your adventures in Metro City Birmingham. I wanna know the details; but I can’t spare the time, right here and right now, for the details. So, we’ll talk and eat later,” he spins around from Rusk, laughing out loud with relief, shaking his long locks of blonde-tinted hair strands. He silently prays and thanks the Almighty Father, Brother Christ Jesus, The Holy Spirit and all of his heavenly angels for the return and safety of his two sons. He moves ahead towards the huddle of Riders sneering at the nasty teens.
Thelee hands his weapon to his fellow neighbor also then shuffles again hugging his oldest daughter Taffy while presenting his grateful tears of joy. He thought his elderly daughter dead and buried down inside the deep fiery fission hole on top of the limestone rock cliffs. He whispers into her cheekbone. “I don’t know where you went or where you came from. But I’m glad you’re right here with me, Taffy. And I bet your temporary disappearance has to do with an evil Director Hico.”
Taffy pulls back with a nod first sounding with sobs, wearing her own tears of joy and worry also, explaining the situation. “Yeah, Daddy! I disappeared and then reappeared, because of an evil Hico. Dictator Hico is trying to take our lands and our folks, but McCamy, Rusk, Baycliff, Tulu and I are here to show the way and save the day!” She smiles then sniggers at her silly but serious statement.
 Thelee shouts and nods in joy then proclaims. “Amen!” He hugs his lost but found daughter again then parts from her turning to see his younger daughter Tulu. Taffy stands and starts to cry from the intense three days of death, destruction, and deception.
Ebro stops in front of the side wall and points down to the floor. Each Rider slows separates and then drops down on top of the smooth floor. Ebro points an empty shotgun at each face and orders. “Go and get more of these chains, too, Rusk and McCamy! We need to chain up this gang of nasty Rider teens, before more of them shows up here.” Rusk and McCamy obey their father bumping into each other, laughing with relief for his safety. They head to the side wall with numerous mounted equipment pieces and hidden wooden cabinets of farm supplies.
Thelee collides and hugs his baby daughter with his love, slowly pulling back with a smile whispering into her tears. “Tulu, I am so sorry that I sent you away to Apprenticeship Program.”
Tulu wipes her tears then shows her sweet smile expressing her mixed teenly feelings, “Don’t worry about it, Daddy! McCamy and Taffy came and got me! They didn’t want me to go to the Apprenticeship Program either. So, we’re all back home to stay here, foreverly, Daddy. Where’s Mama?” She turns and scans the room not seeing Tourann.
He shouts to the heavens. “Amen!”
“Daddy!” Baycliff shouts with a smile, dashes ahead, then collides hugging his father with his love. He starts to sob with his own manly tears from the terrible set of events, for the past three days. He pulls back with a smile and wipes off his wet face staring at his father. 
Manbanna, Baycliff’s father laughs out loud nodding his bone skull then states, “Figures! My son is behind all this mess.”
He laughs out loud then states. “Yeah, my boot toe is always behind someone’s butthole, moving them out of my way.”
Manbanna laughs with his head nod then states. “I didn’t understand. Why you ran off from South Beach, after the two deaths of your childhood friends, McCamy and Taffy? But I do understand now! You and your four South Beach friends have found something weird and dangerous and deadly that involves a nasty Hico and his nastier band of ugly insect guards.”
He nods then expresses. “Yeah, and the evil thing has followed us back home to South Beach…”
“… not for long, son…” Manbanna states then laughs with an evil tone.
Wolf enters the barn and wears an unconscious mud-covered Rider over his back spine slowly limping ahead then slams the female body down top of a short hay bale. He sneers down at the ugly girl with an uglier soul.
Baycliff turns with a smile and points at the back spine on Wolf saying with a calm demeanor. “Daddy, this is my new friend, Wolf, who is a Rider. But he helped save my life and the lives of all my friends here.”
Wolf hears his name then back steps from the unconscious Rider spinning around, advances ahead and stops, standing in front of his new friend Baycliff and Baycliff’s father, who is a duplicate of his handsome son but years in age from the rough weather patterns.
Manbanna smiles and extends his hand, shaking Wolf’s hand, saying with his head nod. “A friend of Baycliff is a friend of mine. Thank you, Wolf! I’m very grateful for your kindness, smarts, and friendship to my son. Do you need a place to stay for the night, son? You and your parents are welcome to stay with us at the Baycliff Farms.” He withdraws his hand and nods with his smile to Wolf.
Baycliff turns and scans the room asking with puzzlement. “Daddy, where’s my mama?”
“Thank you, sir! I’ll do that!” Wolf nods with a smile then spins around exiting the barn. He is worried about his parents, who are not present here inside the barn setting. Hico might not know Wolf’s identify and thus does not know his biological parents either. But Wolf will find and protect his parents, if they are located here within the South Beach Colony too. But first, he wants to gather up the rest of the unconscious Riders from the exposed ground, so they are not found by a new set of Rider scouts.
Manbanna swings his old body around to see his older adult farm friends and the young farm teens exhaling with worry, announcing with a stern face. “Good job to our brave and bold sons and daughters for rescuing a room of old men and taking down the young evil teens! Listen up, everyone! Hico has taken all the women and the children to a secret, hidden location.”
“What about our friend Hixson, Daddy?” Baycliff returns and then frowns at his father.
He nods and states with his stern face, “Hixson, he’s been taken along with the other captured South Beach teens, for that Showcase thing, tonight. We need to develop a new plan fast, ya’ll.”
“And we got a great plan for getting back Hixson, my mama, and the other missing South Beachers, too, that doesn’t include that line of unconscious Riders, Daddy.” Baycliff comments then laughs fingering the wall of unconscious Rider teens as each South Beach native laughs with an evil tone and wears a wicked grin.


Two hours later….

Ebro Farms

05:05 p.m.
Sun Block
Showcase event

New Hotel Building
Ground floor setting
Full moonlight, dark night, bright stars, and heated temperatures


Every member, on the ancient South Beach Bandit team, meets and greets each fake face wearing pale-tinted bite-nats paint, inside a very busy hallway, after registering for their Steampunk Showcase in the exhibition to enter the dance fight competition tonight.
The building is not a true hotel structure with hotel rooms, for visiting guests, but a carriage house, owned and operated by Farmer Ebro.
An ancient carriage house or a coach house, within the ancient United States of America, was an outhouse built for storage of numerous horse-drawn carriages, horses, tack gear and hay bales. The carriage house was close to the horse stables and near the crop fields. The fancy and larger carriage house provided living quarters for carriage staff, who managed both the horses and the coaches. The house was built like a traditional home featuring individual compartments for either the carriage or the staff members.
Over the centuries, within a civilized society, the coach house developed into a small homestead, for a family unit.
Thus, decades ago, Farmer Ebro his wife Pecola started to employ the same concept, after fleeing the Nuclear War Three, establishing a new farm among the limestone cliffs. His farm lands are reached next, after Farmer Manbanna chases off each invader stepping a booted foot onto his farm lands.
Ebro was not so unreasonable and started to employ the desirous males and females, who were escaping from both poverty and hungry. The carriage house had been built a very time ago, before the birth of the twins, with the purpose of storing numerous farm items, including a horse-drawn carriage requested by Pecola.
Over the decades, each worker received free food, clothes, and free shelter while assisting in expanding the carriage house into a small free-standing motel setting, where each tiny room held an individual bed frame and a private lavatory for the worker. Ebro needed the workers; the workers needed a job. The arrangement worked sweetly.
Ebro’s twin sons do work the land too, but there’s too much work for two adults and two teenagers.
Of course, Hico came along today and either killed all the devoted workers for Ebro Farms or recruited all the ambitious persons for his evil purposes here at the South Beach Colony. Thus, the new hotel building has been quickly restructured with numerous large, medium, and small rooms for all the uninvited and non-paying Colonists, who want to see the new Huntress and Hunter Games as well as destroy the land within the South Beach Colony.
From a personal perceptive, it is very hard for a mean person to destroy rocks and Hico desires all the farm land grabbing the rights to each fissure pits housing all the bite-nats paints, for both his personal and professional use. So, Hico does not allow destruction of property as much as damage to pods of pretty flowers, holes in the walls, and torn off wooden doors, and broken glass windows while stealing all the fresh food items. And the gang of uninvited and unruly Colonists hang out around the hotel campus while eating, drinking, laughing, dancing, pissing, shitting and waiting on the upcoming show.
After receiving two separate small rooms, one room is for the gang of males; the other is for the group of females, each disguised South Beach teen reapplies the bite-nats paint maintaining a pale-face skin tone, wearing their individual imaginative Steampunk outfit. Then each one slowly moves down the staircase in their bite-nats costume while spying on the other teens, before the grand Showcase competition begins at nine o’clock this evening. A musical song plays in the background.
The musical song Hotel California, on February 26th, in the year 1982, by the American Rock and Roll musical band named Eagles. The musical band members included Donald Hugh Henley (lead vocals, drums, percussion); Don Felder (12-string acoustic & 6-string electric guitars, backing vocals); Glenn Lewis Frey (12-string acoustic guitars, backing vocals); Joe Walsh (electric guitar; backing vocals), and Randy Mesiner (bass guitar; backing vocals).
The musical songwriters were Donald Hugh Henley; Glenn Lewis Frey, and Don Felder. The musical band played Rock and Soft Rock sounds.


On a dark desert highway, cool wind in my hair
Warm smell of colitas, rising up through the air
Up ahead in the distance, I saw a shimmering light
My head grew heavy and my sight grew dim
I had to stop for the night
There she stood in the doorway;
I heard the mission bell
And I was thinking to myself,
“This could be Heaven, or this could be Hell.”
Then she lit up a candle and she showed me the way
There were voices down the corridor,
I thought, I heard them say

Welcome to the Hotel California
Such a lovely place (Such a lovely place)
Such a lovely face
Plenty of room at the Hotel California
Any time of year (Any time of year)
You can find it here

Her mind is Tiffany-twisted, she got the Mercedes Bends
She got a lot of pretty, pretty boys, she calls friends
How they dance in the courtyard, sweet summer sweat.
Some dance to remember, some dance to forget

So, I called up the Captain,
“Please bring me my wine,”
He said.
“We haven’t had that spirit here since nineteen sixty nine.”
And still those voices are calling from far away,
Wake you up in the middle of the night
Just to hear them say

Welcome to the Hotel California
Such a lovely place (Such a lovely place)
Such a lovely face
They’re living it up at the Hotel California
What a nice surprise (what a nice surprise)
Bring your alibis

Mirrors on the ceiling,
The pink champagne on ice
And she said,
“We are all just prisoners, here, of our own device.”
And in the master’s chambers,
They gathered for the feast
They stab it with their steely knives,
But they just can’t kill the beast

Last thing I remember, I was
Running for the door
I had to find the passage back
To the place, I was before
“Relax,” said the night man.
“We are programmed to receive.
You can check-out any time you like,
But you can never leave! “


Three of the hotel walls, the ceiling planks, and the walking floor surface are painted in panels of solid colors consisting of red, white, blue, green, and yellow glowing in bite-nats paint and are held in place by a single standing and armed guard, who wear a nasty-looking black and gray colored bite-nats Insect face mask. A newly created bite-nats object must be touched by one or more human body parts onto any hard object to maintain the glowing colors and the current image. Else, all the walls, the ceiling planks and the floor planks will revert back to the naturally dark wooden panels inside the current carriage house.
The ground floor walls contain no windows for viewing the fields or trees. Now, the wooden wall have been busted down and replaced with a viewing bite-nats glass window displaying the shuffling crowds and the bright moon and twinkling stars outdoors. Once the unwelcomed visitors are removed from the hotel building and the bite-nats paint is gone, all the walls must be repaired inside the ancient carriage house, before the structure can be inhabited again.
The ground hallway is filled with overcrowded stinky bodies and spilled sticky beverages and food items on top of the planks. The numerous invited guests of Hico observe each Showcase exhibition, drinking a cool beverage, eating a plate of food, talking and laughing with amusement. Each new Showcase exhibition is current staged and is displayed against a colorful bite-nats background on the long side wall, within the wide corridor, except for the last Showcase exhibition.
The last floor section is both outlined and unoccupied displaying the natural wooden panels and planks while waiting on its master or mistress of bite-nats glory.
On the opposite long side wall, across from the grand staircase, two guards are posted at the bottom of the steps cradling a gun for body protection, watching for trouble. The two unknown and unfamiliar faces present an Insect bite-nats painted face.
South Beach Bandit team mate Amita stands against the red tined bite-nats section along the long side wall, yanking down on her lace-coated glovette colored in rich black bite-nats paint exposing her bite-nats fake five caret diamond engagement ring and as she holds a black, purple, and yellow colored dragon-designed shoulder parasol underneath her naked armpit.
Baycliff moves down and then away from the staircase and then stops standing beside his girl Amita. He reaches over and covers her bare naked collar bones with his white-sleeved bite-nats painted arm. She wears a black tinted waistline hour glass corset with a string of blood red tiny roses lining the lace over her two small breasts. She doesn’t wear a suit jacket or a long cape either displaying a gigantic bite-nats fake necklace with a row of twinkling diamonds around her naked throat muscles. She stares and performs a soft lady sneer at her friend Taffy.
Taffy stands a few feet ahead of Amita hanging at the same red tinted bite-nats wall and faces both Baycliff and Amita while scanning the crowds, looking for any sign of trouble from Hico.
Amita wears a solid, black, mini-tea topper hat that slides down on the left side of her distorted face with a tiny black tinted funeral veil that covers her left-side eyeball. Her bite-nats painted black colored hair is pulled into a tight bun behind her naked neck muscles and as a pair of fake bite-nats diamond earrings dangle down from each one of her earlobes. She swags each hip bone back and forth within her standing pose wearing a midnight black floor length swag front skirt, hiking the fabric up and exposing her left-sided naked bone thigh. Her two legs feature a pair of vertical patterned black and white silk stockings with a red bow at the exposed thigh. The stockings run down and tuck inside a pair of red tinted laced tied leather boots.
Baycliff leans over then gently pecks his light kiss her smooth cheekbone, pulling back with a worried brow whispering into her cold-feeling cheekbone. “Honey belle, I think you need a wool shawl wrap over your exposed naked shoulders. I can feel the cold air molecules circulating around the tall and wide hallway. You can run back upstairs into the suite and paint on more clothing around your body. You’re still recuperating…”
“Don’t I look good enough for you, Baycliff?” Amita shouts out loud in angry and jerks on her other hand glovette rattling a fake bite-nats diamond bracelet around her wrist bone while continuing to stare with a soft lady sneer at Taffy.
Taffy displays her new Steampunk bite-nats creation, a pale blue colored tuxedo jacket edged in midnight black piping, a straight pale blue matching long skirt with a wrapped girly bow bustle on her rear end. She does not display a hiked skirt, like Pemona, or bared skin tissue, like Amita. Taffy wears a delicate cameo choker around her naked throat muscles, a pair of yellow crochet knitted tea gloves on both of her naked hands, and a pair of yellow dangling dagger-type earrings on each one of her earlobes. Her short brown tinted pixie hair style is mostly hidden underneath a tiny yellow tinted tea topper with red, green, and blue colored vertical strips.
“Yeah, honey bell!” Baycliff whispers back into her cold-feeling cheekbone. He displays a black tinted bite-nats pith helmet over his blonde-haired bone skull and a pair of bite-nats machinist goggles over his two piecing blue eyes, wearing a handsome bite-nats painted wardrobe consisting of a silk, white-tinted, long-sleeved shirt, a yellow-tinted wool sleeveless vest over his shirt, a dark blue long necktie and a pair of black-tinted trousers that are tucked down into a pair of black and yellow cowboy boots.
“Don’t I look sexy enough to you, Baycliff?” Amita shouts out loud in fury then turns with a sour frown to see his machinist eye goggles that hides his pair of blue eyes.
Baycliff gasps in shock then leans over hugging her and lightly pecks her cold-feeling pale-tinted cheekbone. Amita does not wear the bite-nats skin tissue paint and as her pale-tinted skin tissues comes from living inside a Silo without sunlight for a year.
He pulls back and then whispers with a stern tone into her face. “This isn’t the time or the place for this delicate discussion, Amita.”
She violently fidgets back and forth and then swiftly advances away from Baycliff strolling ahead towards the nearest Showcase exhibition, a cave of mammals and persons.
The musical song Dinosaur Stomp plays in the background highlighting the fun exhibition. Mother Goose Club was produced by Sockeye Media L.L.C. and was an educational nursery school program streaming on the internet in the year 2009 A.D. Six colorful Mother Goose characters dance and perform songs with classical nursery rhymes helping children learn phonetics, new words, and English sentences. Songwriters were Jho Sona Sophia and Shaw Andrew Craig.


Dinosaurs have great big feet that stomp, stomp, stomp.
Dinosaurs have great big teeth that chomp, chomp, chomp.
Stomp, stomp, stomp, and-a chomp, chomp, chomp.
Stomp, stomp, stomp, and-a chomp, chomp, chomp.
Stomp-a-saurus, stomp, stomp.
Chomp-a-saurus, chomp, chomp.
I’m-a-saurus, stomp, stomp.
You’re-a-saurus, chomp, chomp.
Dinosaurs have great big claws that crunch, crunch, crunch.
Dinosaurs have great big jaws that munch, munch, munch.
Crunch, crunch, crunch, and-a munch, munch, munch.
Crunch, crunch, crunch, and-a munch, munch, munch.
Crunch-a-saurus, crunch, crunch.
Munch-a-saurus, munch, munch.
I’m-a-saurus, crunch, crunch.
You’re-a-saurus, munch, munch.
Stomping and-a chomping,
Crunching and-a munching.
Stomping and-a chomping,
Crunching and-a munching.
Stomp-a-saurus, stomp, stomp.
Chomp-a-saurus, chomp, chomp.
Crunch-a-saurus, crunch, crunch.
Munch-a-saurus, munch, munch.
I’m-a-saurus, stomp, stomp.
You're-a-saurus, chomp, chomp.
We’re-a-saurus, crunch, crunch.
Dino-saurus, munch, munch.
Dinosaurs have great big feet that stomp, stomp, stomp.
Dinosaurs have great big teeth that chomp, chomp, chomp.
Dinosaurs!


On the same red tinted section along the long side wall, a few feet down from her sister Taffy, Tulu sports her new Steampunk bite-nats outfit, a light green colored frilly blouse with a high collar. The collar fabric presents a single cameo broach. She wears two black-tinted buckled belts around her tiny waist attached to an ankle-length red-tinted fishtail skirt. The skirt hemline is hiked up to her kneecap showing a little bit of her red and white vertical silk stockings. Each pair of colorful stockings is neatly tucked down into a pair of black-colored, leather-looking, lace-tied ankle booties. A green and red colored heart-designed mini-tea topper hat sits on the right side of her pretty face, without any type of netting veil, so she can see and then kiss on her guy McCamy. She gently swings a white and red-tinted, rose-designed shoulder parasol in her left hand. Her other holds McCamy’s free hand. She giggles with a smile of happiness with her beau.
Wolf steps off the grand staircase then turns to sneer at one of the guards swiftly advances ahead slamming into the back spine on Baycliff. He shoves Baycliff towards Taffy. They stop and form a loose circle. He turns and points at the row of three exhibition. He says with a smile. “Hey ya’ll! Let’s go and scout out our vicious competitors, among three other Showcase exhibitions.” He presses both of his hands over his newly created Steampunk bite-nats outfit, a dark blue spat sleeveless vest over his chest, a white tinted ascot tie around his naked throat, a pair of green tinted eye goggles. A set of gold outlines each one of his eye sockets. A brown tinted flapped pilot cap covers his brown tinted hair roots. His white tinted trousers are neatly tucked down into a pair of black tinted leather hiking boots.
Baycliff winks at Taffy then turns to see the side wall viewing a set of naked wooden tables with numerous food items. He expresses, “Naw! Let’s go and eat all the food up instead! I’m starving. I like to fight on a full stomach.” He glides ahead and then body slams into Taffy, for his fun, loudly laughing out loud, hugging her. She laughs along with him.
Wolf quickly scoots around both Taffy and Baycliff and then leads them down the short red tinted wall, into a long yellow tinted wall panel housing a line of food tables standing in line with the other hungry Colonists.
Baycliff whispers with a smile into Taffy’s cheekbone pondering the late evening’s plan for the finale event of both beating and bleeding on Hico and each one of Hico’s ugly sentry guards.
Rusk escorts his girl Pemona and follows the back spine on Taffy and Baycliff, wearing his newly carted Steampunk bite-nats clothes, a yellow-tinted newsboy cap over his blonde hair roots, a pair of thick red tinted scientist eye goggles over his pair of blue eyeballs. His throat is naked and painted in pale tone. A brown colored jacket fits his board shoulders trailing down over a pair of yellow tinted trousers that is neatly tucked down into a pair of rich brown cowboy boots. He steps forward and then reaches out grabbing the bicep on Baycliff, whispering into Baycliff’s earlobe. “Naw. Let’s scout and eat. We need to look normal, like the rest of the contestants, who are acting normal.”
“It’s not normal here having these snot-holes on our land.” Baycliff states out loud then sneers leaning down and mouth spits his salvia onto the dirty floor, standing upright. He starts to sneer at each passing person, who has invaded his farm land and his homeland here within the South Beach Colony.
Rusk leans over again and whispers into Baycliff’s eardrum, “Shut it, Tee!” He starts to growl into the smooth cheekbone on Baycliff. Rusk is covering their ‘real’ names and ‘real’ body disguise with the “fake” names and the “fake” skin tone for entering into the Showcase competition in order to free their kin and then fry Hico.
Baycliff half-way spins around with laughter then blows a tongue of his minty breath into Rusk’s face stating out loud his arrogant words, without a care in the world. “Pee! I’m Pee, pee brain,” he loudly chuckles alone.
Taffy gasps in shock then spins around standing at the nose profile on Baycliff, reached out, popping her red-tinted parasol onto his bicep. She leans over wearing a sour frown and loudly whispers into his cheekbone. “Shut it, Baycliff!”
Baycliff turns and winks to Taffy announcing his words. “Come and made me, precious!” He likes to challenge fun-loving Taffy as he swiftly de-masks the machinist bite-nats eye goggles lifting both his blonde tinted arched eyebrows. Taffy laughs then frowns at him. He masks again covering his naturally features.
Amita slowly spins around from the exhibition searching for Baycliff then views the play fight between Baycliff and Taffy, gasping in shock, charging ahead. She stops and stands in the middle of the two tall teenagers, slamming her body into Baycliff. He grunts in pain. Amita turns wearing a sour frown and then softly hisses at Taffy. Taffy sweetly grins with another tiny victory over Amita with her beau Baycliff.
Tulu releases his hand then slowly shuffles away from McCamy.
McCamy is dressed his Steampunk bite-nats outfit, also, a black top hat over his blonde hair roots, a white collared shirt with a black tinted slender neck tie. He wears black sleeveless vest over his naked chest. His body is covered in a black-tinted, ankle-length jacket coat, a pair of slender black tinted trousers, a pair of black tinted palm gloves, and a black colored leather belt, except for a silver belt bucket with an etched scene of three bucking broncos.
Tulu stops with a smile and stands in front of wooden table displaying numerous colorful desserts while scattering each platter. She reaches down and grabs biting into a beige-tinted sugar cookie, chewing and then gags with a loud noise.
Baycliff exhales with annoyance then scoots around Amita, moving ahead, stops beside Tulu. He reaches out and grabs a sugar cookie, also, chewing on the dessert, presenting a sour frown. He sticks out his tongue and then mouth spits all the wet lumpy cookie crumbs back on the floor down near his booted feet. He drops the nasty cookie on the floor and shouts out loud with puzzlement. “Geez! Mama can’t bake!”
“I know. She never could bake a tray of sugar cookies.” Tulu softly states and studies the bitten cookie and then bursts into a flood of wet tears and tiny sobs and as her roll of glittering hot tears runs down and then evaporates her two bite-nats painted pink cheekbones.
McCamy gasps in alarm then swiftly dashes ahead and stops pulling Tulu into his chest while slicing his two eyeballs to the left and then to the right, looking for any of Hico’s spies.
Baycliff continues to stand in place turning with puzzlement to see Tulu, who continues to sob inside McCamy’s arms.
Taffy quickly races ahead to the same dessert table, stops, and stands next to Baycliff, scanning each different plate of assorted desserts, selecting the same dessert plate. She quickly bites into the dull yellowish cooked paste and tastes the disgusting half-gooey and half-hard overcooked dessert.
Rusk swiftly moves ahead and stops beside Baycliff reaching out for the same plate of sugar cookies, grabbing one and eats. He wrinkles his nostrils from the awful taste and turns with a nod to see Taffy.
Baycliff returns back to the cookie tray and points down with a sour frown, announcing in a loud baritone timber. “Mama can’t…”
Taffy leans over and yanks his body back into her rib cage spinning them in a half circle, slamming his back spine into a small vacant spot on the wall between two food tables. She lifts up and then unsuccessfully decapitates his throat muscles pressing her red parasol against his windpipe.
Baycliff grunts in both pain and embarrassment.
She whispers into his distorted face. “The tray of raw sugar cookies were under baked by my mama, Baycliff. Tulu recognized the unique design, a red colored alphabetic letter T on top of the white raw cookie paste. And yeah, my mama can’t bake a tray of cookies, since her specialties are baking pecan pies and pumpkin breads. So, hush your mouth, boy!”
Baycliff slices his eyeballs to the plate of cookies, noting the red letter T that represents Tourann and her two daughters, who are named Tulu and Taffy, returning back to see Taffy.
“Mama’s here!” Tulu continues to stand between the two warm arms on McCamy turning to scan each wall between her sobs of wet tears. Her running snot drips down into his chest.
McCamy hugs and squeezes her for comfort and security whispering down into her hair roots, “No, muffin!” He exhales with worry. “Don’t you remember? Your daddy said that the women and children are hidden somewhere along the limestone cliffs by Hico.” McCamy doesn’t know the location of the native South Beachers either but he will find them, after the non-fight competition and the final surrendering of Dictator Hico with a set of cold barrel shotguns pointing into each eye socket on Hico.
“We go now and search for my mama. She’s hidden here inside Erbo’s old carriage house. I know it!” Tulu whispers and continues to scan each wall for new opening leading into a hidden room. The hidden room holds her mother. She struggles between into his biceps but cannot escape.
He exhales with his worries and says with a soft whisper over her hair roots, “No, muffin. We have a different mission tonight. Don’t you remember? We’re going help all the teens fight against the nasty Rider dance team and Dictator Hico.” McCamy cuddles her into his chest while Tulu nods her skull in silence acknowledgement.
Penned against the yellow tinted wall space, Baycliff whispers to Taffy. “Sorry.”
“Your personal apologize is accepted, sir.” She whispers with a smile then drops down her parasol to her kneecap leaning closer into his face. “Now, you become a good boy, until it’s time to unleash your nasty snot-hole behavior and penned up smart-hole testosterone on the Rider team. We fight for our land and our lore.” Taffy laughs and as Baycliff nods with a smile in silence acknowledgement.
One of the Hico’s guards, with a loaded weapon and a painted bite-nats mask displaying a yellow and black tinted Bumblebee, slowly struts away from the side wall and moves towards the young teen couple and then stops beside the nose profile on Taffy. He turns and smiles at the female Rider teen. “Is there a problem, here, Rider lady?”
Baycliff turns with a smile and states to the Bumblebee face mask, “Naw, sir! My honey bell and I have a slight disagreement, but we solved it, sir.”
Bumblebee cuts a pair of black spots holding a pair of brown pupils from Taffy to Baycliff and back to Taffy, presenting his smile of yellow-stained teeth. He asks, “Do you want me to beat his fanny, sweetie?”
Taffy reacts wearing a smile, wiggling her body and stares into his machinist eye goggles that hide his blues eyes. She says, “Naw! I like his fanny,” She winks at Baycliff. He softly chuckles.
Bumblebee turns and sneers, ordering to Baycliff. “Kiss him! Show me that you’re really sorry. Or I’ll really beat the beast black and blue.” Baycliff gasps in alarm and then cuts his eyeballs back to his girl Amita.
Amita stands between both Rusk and Pemona. Rusk reaches over and grabs the forearm on Amita indicating for her not to move or talk during this dangerous situation.
Baycliff shifts his two eyeballs back to Taffy. She gasps in alarm. He leans over and yanks Taffy into his chest staring into her pretty blue eyes while not wanting to miss her soft red lips. He plows his mouth and tongue into her parted lips, lightly moaning with fun, satisfaction, and victory over Bumblebee.
“Go, cowboy!” McCamy shouts with glee standing beside the dessert table clapping with his friends at the kissing display between Taffy and Baycliff. He stops clapping then leans over and quickly pecks of a sweet tasty kiss on top Tulu’s hair roots, without messing up her bite-nats paint. He starts to clap and cheer for both Taffy and Baycliff again.
“Taffy Pudding!” Tulu yells for fun and giggles at her big sister kissing on Baycliff.
McCamy scans the hallway then tucks Tulu into his chest and as they both watch the hot teen action.
“Redneck Romano, go and do it, to it! Yeah!” Rusk shouts lifting his arm in the air and stands beside Pemona enjoying the sporting fun, before the rough stuff begins with the real enemy, Dictator Hico.
Amita continues to stand and sneers at her beau. “Ba…”
Pemona reaches over and elbows Amita in silence.
Amita frowns, “Bee! Bee, we need to leave and go back to our Showcase right now.”
Taffy enjoys the tender love bird moment, remembering their fun times, before a rude Amita was found inside that hidden Silo there at Metro City Birmingham. She lifts and wraps her pair of fish-net gloves around his pale skin neck caressing his softy blonde curls with each one of her finger tips and as her tongue battles with his tongue for supremacy of her tonsils.
Baycliff jerks back from Taffy wearing a smile and a wink. Bumblebee back steps from the young couple in love and then pivots moving ahead towards a new teen couple. Baycliff lifts up and wipes off his and her lip spittle while smiling at Taffy.
Amita charges ahead, stops, and reaches around a taller Taffy, jerking Baycliff from the wall panel. She pivots around and drags her boyfriend away from his friends while snarling at Taffy.
Rusk spins around leaving Pemona and then dashes ahead pulling up beside to Baycliff, who is slowly being dragged at his hand by an anger Amita. They slowly move down the semi-crowded corridor. Rusk leans over and whispers with a smile into the cheekbone on Baycliff. “Good save, bro!” He stands upright lifting his flat palm near his jaw line and then performs a high-five slap with Baycliff’s hand creating a loud popping sound in the air. They both drop down the same hand and then perform a fist-bump at their waistline while chuckling with amusement.
Amita continues to move ahead not beside Baycliff but dragging his body. She stares at the first Showcase exhibition sounding with an array of soft hisses of annoyance.
Taffy back steps from the table, spins around and paces ahead moving beside her sister Tulu. Tulu hides inside the jacket coat on McCamy. Taffy leans down and whispers into the jacket stating with a smile. “Lookie! We know, now, that our mama is alive, Tulu. Well, maybe, she’s performing some slave labor, like cooking for Hico and his heathens, but she’s doing what she loves best feeding people and humming her patriotic songs, like she does at home inside our kitchen. Is that not correct, warty she-toad?” She stands upright and smiles at the kissing action and the new information. Her mother is alive and well, only hidden from eye sight.
Tulu does not nod or talk but wipes off her tears, repairing the bite-nats paint with a small wet brush inside the pocket of her bite-nats pants.
Taffy moves ahead following the back spine on Pemona, Rusk, Baycliff, and Amita.
Rusk moves ahead and points at the first Showcase Exhibition on the rough beige painted side wall with a smile. “Follow us to bite-nats Fantasyland.”
Pemona advances ahead and pulls up beside Rusk, reaching out, holding his hand. They swing their hands back and forth, together, like a pair of love birds. Pemona wears her newly created bite-nats clothes, an electric blue leather hourglass corset covering her breasts down to her hips. A rag-tag mesh-mash bright red-tinted satin fishtail skirt that hikes up and then ties at her right thigh. She wears a pair of red and white stripped silk stockings that holds a tiny black bow on right side. The stockings slide down into a pair of red and blue tinted, leather, laced, ankle boots. A red short jacket barely curls around her pale skin collar bone and as she displays a golden chained necklace, a pair of dangling tiny yellow tinted daggers from each earlobe. A tiny blue tinted tea topper hat with a set of red flower stands on her cheekbone. Her brown tinted hair folds into a tight brown bun below the tea topper hat. She swings an electric blue and yellow peacock-designed parasol with a pair of fingerless red tinted gloves.
Taffy quickly moves ahead and then pulls beside Pemona.
Pemona leans over and whispers to Taffy. “You were right about not selecting a cowboy or an Indian or a dinosaur or a circus or a musical Showcase theme tonight, Taffy. They didn’t especially look quite as impressive as our spectacular Victorian Showcase. You and my mother are both smart girls, Taffy. I hope we all can be friends and share family events together.” She reaches over and then gently slaps a ladylike tap at the bicep on Taffy as a sweet southern belle like Tulu, not a rough southern cowgirl like Taffy.
Taffy looks down and stares at the dirty floor, returning back to see the nose profile on Pemona, leaning over with a whisper. “May I speak with you in private, Pemona? I have some…”
Wolf appears and plows his upright body between a marching Taffy and Pemona breaking them apart, strutting ahead towards the first Showcase exhibition. He stops, pointing over the short retainer wall at the new exhibition, shouting out loud. “That’s a Cro-Magnon cavemen display.”
The same musical song Dinosaur Stomp repeats the words and notes over again while the teens stand in pose within their personal and creative Showcase exhibition. Mother Goose Club was produced by Sockeye Media L.L.C. and was an educational nursery school program streaming on the internet in the year 2009 A.D. Six colorful Mother Goose characters danced and performed songs with classical nursery rhymes helping children learn phonetics, new words, and English sentences. Songwriters were Jho Sona Sophia and Shaw Andrew Craig.


Dinosaurs have great big feet that stomp, stomp, stomp.
Dinosaurs have great big teeth that chomp, chomp, chomp.
Stomp, stomp, stomp, and-a chomp, chomp, chomp.
Stomp, stomp, stomp, and-a chomp, chomp, chomp.
Stomp-a-saurus, stomp, stomp.
Chomp-a-saurus, chomp, chomp.
I’m-a-saurus, stomp, stomp.
You’re-a-saurus, chomp, chomp.
Dinosaurs have great big claws that crunch, crunch, crunch.
Dinosaurs have great big jaws that munch, munch, munch.
Crunch, crunch, crunch, and-a munch, munch, munch.
Crunch, crunch, crunch, and-a munch, munch, munch.
Crunch-a-saurus, crunch, crunch.
Munch-a-saurus, munch, munch.
I’m-a-saurus, crunch, crunch.
You’re-a-saurus, munch, munch.
Stomping and-a chomping,
Crunching and-a munching.
Stomping and-a chomping,
Crunching and-a munching.
Stomp-a-saurus, stomp, stomp.
Chomp-a-saurus, chomp, chomp.
Crunch-a-saurus, crunch, crunch.
Munch-a-saurus, munch, munch.
I’m-a-saurus, stomp, stomp.
You're-a-saurus, chomp, chomp.
We’re-a-saurus, crunch, crunch.
Dino-saurus, munch, munch.
Dinosaurs have great big feet that stomp, stomp, stomp.
Dinosaurs have great big teeth that chomp, chomp, chomp.
Dinosaurs!


Baycliff and Amita finally move together then stops and stand beside Wolf. Baycliff leans over the short retainer wall that keeps the visitors out and the occupants inside. He yells and points with a sour frown at the bite-nats created display, “Hell naw! That’s a troglodyte’s home dwelling.”
“They were the gang of wild men on Ancient Earth.” Rusk states with a smile and pads beside Pemona then stops standing beside Baycliff. Rusk leans over and smiles into her smooth cheekbone saying with a whisper. “It’s the wild men from Ancient Earth.” He reaches down and tickles her rib cage for fun, enjoying the silly events from Hico.
“Hey, you over there! The caveman in the fire engine red hair from your eyebrows down to toe arches, who wears a spotted brown and black leopard skin with a white fake bone weapon.” Wolf points then claps with a nod laughing out loud at the cave exhibition then shouts. “That’s a great exhibition, with a cave entrance, which is covered real grass bushes! However, I thought we couldn’t use any real materials, but the bite-nats paint.” He turns with a frown to see Rusk. Rusk turns and shakes his bone skull in silence or expressing a silent confusion or a silent warning, maybe, to Wolf.
Wolf returns back and shouts at the cave exhibition. “They did a good job with their cave women and cave babies too. Do you see that baby dinosaur and the purring saber-toothed baby tiger there in the wall corner watching over the fire pit and the grill of food? Grrrr!”
Rusk studies then states with a frown at the cave exhibition. “The occupants of this showcase have made a grave ancient historical mistake in their mural picture. The pack of dinosaurs became extinct at the end of the Cretaceous Period, which was 65 million years, before the emergence of the first cave men and women.”
“Thanks, historian fool!” Wolf shouts and clasp then laughs at the first entertaining Showcase presentation.
“Do you think the dummies can talk in a set of human words?” Baycliff yells and leans over the retainer wall silently signaling, using a set of geometric shapes with his loose fingers at the gang of Riders, who are painted up in bite-nats as a group of dark-colored cavemen and women.
Inside the Cro-Magnons Showcase, each posed cave teen comes alive and then releases tossing numerous real tiny tree twigs and real stone pebbles heading directly at a silly Baycliff, perfectly hitting the leather vest of bite-nats paint on the teen Bandit.
Rusk, Pemona, Taffy, Tulu, McCamy, and Wolf starts to laugh at the silly action, on the sillier teen.
Baycliff back steps with a sneer and then lifts up his leg trying to crawl over the short retainer wall, that seals off the exhibition from the crowd. He yells out loud in fighting fury. “Snot-holes, do you really wanna play Dodge Ball with me? Hey, Red Rover! I’m coming over to beat your butthole black and blue and red matching your freaking red colored fake hair. You, stupid sons of a gun…”
McCamy and Wolf dash ahead and reach out jerking Baycliff off the retainer wall, dragging the teen backwards from the first Showcase exhibition and cuddling into the safety of teen huddle.
McCamy leans over and sneers into the cheekbone on Baycliff. “We do not want the attention in here, man. Folks are staring at you and us,” he releases Baycliff and then back steps, cuddling with Tulu, turning to see the crowd of visitors, feeling worry.
Baycliff continues to stand and jabs his finger sneering at each Rider, who has invaded his homeland. He shouts, “Yeah, I agree. I like watching the stupid fools dance, like a set of dead African monkeys.” He laughs then starts to snarl at each teen again.
Amita moves ahead and slides beside Baycliff, turning with a sour frown to view his nose profile, yelling in anger. “You are embarrassing me, Ba…Bee! You must learn to stay posed and completely quiet, like a civilized citizen, not a redneck hick!” She carefully shuffles sideways among the guests and wears a sour frown then stops staring in silence at the next Showcase exhibition.
“Honey bell!” Baycliff shouts out loud and tosses both of his arms in the air skipping into the other guests, shoving them out of his footpath then stops, standing beside her. He reaches down and tries to hold her tight fisted hand that cuddles her parasol handle.
His other six friends slowly scoots sideways then stops and stands beside Baycliff, viewing the second newly created bite-nats Showcase exhibition.
A new musical song plays in the background associated with the theme of the exhibition and as each teen poses within their personal exhibition.
The musical song Walk Like an Egyptian from their album entitled Different Light. The song was released in the month of August, in the year 1986, by the American rock and roll musical band named The Bangles. The musical members included Suzanne Hoffs (vocals and guitar); Vickie Peterson; (vocals and guitar); Debbi Peterson (backup vocals & drums), and Michela Steele (vocals and guitar).
The songwriter was Liam Hillard Sternberg. The musical producer was David Kahne. The musicians played Pop Rock sounds.
A drum machine played the drumming rhythm in the song and a whistle machine performed the whistling melody.


All the old paintings on the tombs
They do the sand dance, don’t you know?
If they move too quick (oh whey oh)
They’re falling down like a domino

All the bazaar men by The Nile
They got the money on a bet
Gold crocodiles (oh whey oh)
They snap their teeth on your cigarette

Foreign types with the hookah pipes say
(Whey oh whey oh, ay oh whey oh)
Walk like an Egyptian

The blonde waitresses take their trays
They spin around and they cross the floor
They’ve got the moves (oh whey oh)
You drop your drink, then they bring you more
All the school kids so sick of books
They like the punk and the metal band
When the buzzer rings (oh whey oh)
They’re walking like an Egyptian

All the kids in the marketplace say
(Whey oh, whey oh, ay, oh whey oh)
Walk like an Egyptian

Slide your feet up the street, bend your back
Shift your arm then you pull it back
Life is hard you know (oh whey oh)
So, strike a pose on a Cadillac

If you wanna find all the cops
They’re hanging out in the donut shop
They sing and dance (oh whey oh)
They spin the clubs, cruise down the block

All the Japanese with their yen
The party boys call the Kremlin
And the Chinese know (oh whey oh)
They walk the line like Egyptian

All the cops in the donut shop say
(Whey oh, whey oh, ay, oh whey oh)
Walk like an Egyptian
Walk like an Egyptian


Wolf stops and stands beside Baycliff forming a new line of Bandits against the retainer wall, pointing into the room. He says with a smile. “This is a nice Showcase presentation featuring Ancient Egypt. How many times can you duplicate Ancient Egypt with the Great Sphinx and the boring do-nothings, but now is gone all the Pyramids of Giza. The pyramids were built by a shipload of outer space aliens, not even the Egyptian smarty pants priests. And of course, last, but not in the least, there sits the beautiful Queen Cleopatra on top of her golden-coated throne wearing a set of dumb dead snakes over her black-tinted hair roots. Are the snakes moving?”
Rusk stands between Wolf and Pemona stating for all eardrums. “Queen Cleopatra, from our Ancient World History, was an ugly gal possessing a hook nose, a pair of beady eyeballs, a set of thin lips, and a sharp jaw. Only her brain cells were pretty with the knowledge of science, mathematics, languages…”
“…men…” Wolf states then laughs.
Rusk shakes his skull and says with his stern face, “Naw! She was shy and learned her trade from a local prostitute, before seducing mighty Roman General Julius Caesar inside her royal palace.”
McCamy stands next to Tulu and smiles at the row of pretty girls saying with a nod. “Then these babes must be her individual teacher-prostitutes that wear a see-through gown that shows everything. They’re hot!” Tulu reaches over and pinches the smooth skin on cheekbone on McCamy.
He shouts. “Ouch!” He turns and then frowns down into Tulu’s sour frown.
She says. “And which babes are wearing a see-through gown, in that exhibition, McCamy?”
McCamy leans over and cuddles Tulu staring at the babes inside the exhibition then says. “No babes! You’re my babe, my baby, muffin, only you, babe! I promise, baby! No one else is my muffin, but you, babe!” He turns and lightly taps her cheekbone, without messing up her paint, pulling back with a smile. She smiles at her man.
Wolf waves his arm exhibiting the universal hand gesture. His index finger touches his eardrum and his pinky finger taps his open mouth. He shouts to the queen, “Hey, Cleo babe! Call me! We do lunch, you and me!” His free hand points to her then slaps his chest and as he nods with a smile.
Rusk leans over and smiles into the cheekbone on Wolf saying with his calm timber. “Wolf-man, that cute babe mighty be a boy, who is completely covered in a can of white-tinted bite-nats paint over his two bumps and his long white skirt,” he stands upright laughing out loud then hugs Pemona. The other teens start to laugh out loud at the funny statement.
Wolf gasps in shock then stands upright losing his green-tinted scientist goggles over his natural-looking eyeballs. Rusk leans over and mouth spits into the cheekbone on Wolf. “Think object: goggles.”
Wolf continues to stand exposed and then mentally performs the think object: goggles. His bite-nats goggles return and cover his blue-tinted eyeballs. Each South Beach teen laughs out loud at a funny Wolf.
Rusk reaches over and slaps the collar bone on Wolf saying with a smile, “We’re moving onwards to the next Showcase, bro.”
Inside the third Showcase, a new musical tune plays and as the teens stand and pose for the invited guests.
The musical song entitled Mammas Don’t Let Your Babies Grow Up to be Cowboys was released on November 15, 1975, by American Country musical artist Waylon Jennings. The musical song produced by Larry Butler and written by wife Pasty and husband Ed Bruce.


Cowboys ain’t easy to love and they’re harder to hold
They’d rather give you a song than diamonds or gold
Lonestar belt buckles and old faded Levis
And each night begins a new day
If you don’t understand him, and he don’t die young
He’ll probably just ride away

Mamas, don’t let your babies grow up to be cowboys
Don’t let them pick guitars or drive them old trucks
Let them be doctors and lawyers and such
Mamas don’t let your babies grow up to be cowboys
Because, they’ll never stay home and they’re always alone
Even with someone they love

Cowboys like smokey old pool rooms
And clear mountain mornings
Little warm puppies and children and girls of the night
Them that don’t know him, won’t like him, and them that do
Sometimes won’t know how to take him
He ain’t wrong, he’s just different, but his pride won’t let him
Do things to make you think he’s right

Mamas, don’t let your babies grow up to be cowboys
Don’t let them pick guitars or drive them old trucks
Let them be doctors and lawyers and such
Mamas don’t let your babies grow up to be cowboys
Because, they’ll never stay home and they’re always alone
Even with someone they love


Baycliff shoves Amita then stops and stands at the retainer wall, studying the third Showcase exhibition, lifting both of his arms in the air. He shouts out loud, “Yeehaw! That’s us! Sorta. Kinda.” He laughs out loud then drops his arm wrapping one around Amita, still studying the new exhibition.
McCamy darts around Wolf then stops and stands beside Baycliff reaching over with worry, slapping the bicep on Baycliff. He whispers with a sour frown, “Shut it, Baycliff!” Tulu stops and stands beside McCamy. Rusk stops and stands beside Tulu. McCamy turns and winks to Rusk saying with a smile. “That boy is more trouble than worth. We should let him fight all the Riders alone and lonely, tonight!” He chuckles with Rusk. Pemona stops and stands beside Rusk.
Wolf is last in a newly formed line at the retainer wall, silently staring at the new Showcase exhibition.
“Nothing in here but a lot of gathered cow hands in the patch of green and yellow weeds. Our exhibition is better than this.” Tulu says with a frown.
Rusk explains, “Well, that display is a pretty good imitation of boys and girls in a pair of faded blue jeans, a close-fitting multi-colored patterned shirt, a cowboy hat that McCamy likes a lot and a pair of leather chaps, a set of gloves, and a pair of silver-tinted riding spars that no one living here ever wears.”
“Are the horses real, coming from a real horse farm here?” Wolf inquires.
Rusk shakes his skull and states with a stern face, “Naw! Some teen bodies got jack-holed into acting as a set of jackasses out there, in that exhibition.” He laughs with the other teens.
Each teen scoots down, stops, and stands in front of the fourth Showcase exhibition, staring in silence.
The classical song entitled Also Sprach Zarathrustra plays in the background and as the entire exhibition is painted in black hue without a single teen.
The first 22 bars from the classical musical piece entitled Also Sprach Zarathrustra was the opening musical theme used in the 1968 A.D. Hollywood movie film entitled 2001: A Space Odyssey. Composer Richard Strauss created and performed the tone musical fanfare in the month of November, in year the 1896, in the city of Frankfurt, within the country of Germany. The musical pieces starts with a double low C note, then a double low G note and then a major C note, using the musical instruments of double basses, contrabassoon, and a church organ. 
Baycliff frowns and jabs his finger at the solid bite-nats painted black-tinted rear wall then inquires. “What in the fudge is that in there?” Amita reaches over and slaps his chest, in silence, staring at three solid black tinted walls. The three walls form a nice compartment for an active Showcase presenting an empty space, without a group of dancing or yelling or singing teens. Each midnight black trails down from matching ceiling planks to the floor planks. The midnight floor reaches out and then stops at a beige colored bite-nats retainer wall.
Each visitor slips a puzzled brow in-between each South Beach teen staring at a black tinted wall, back stepping from each teen and then scoots down to see the musical Circus Showcase exhibition featuring a gang of silly clowns, leaping fake lions, and flying acrobats on the high wire.
“This Showcase slot is empty. Hico can’t get any more teens to voluntarily commit suicide against the South Beach Bandits,” Wolf states then laughs along with his team mates then continues. “Move along, ya’ll! Let’s go and visit the Circus Showcase exhibition! I hear music. I see girls. And I smell the popcorn cornels popping! Can you eat bite-nats popcorn?” Wolf turns to face the next lively exhibition wearing a bright smile, sniffing the sweet odors from the next compartment.
“Naw! No! No way! And there’s movement in here. I see a tiny bit of movement located in the middle of the solid black forward wall, right in front of my eyeballs. I see a round-shape, a tiny white circle.” Rusk states narrowing both of his eyelids, jabbing his finger at the forward wall.
Wolf spins around in a short circle while laughing with amusement for fun and then stops standing last in the line and beside Amita, staring at the rear solid black forward wall again.
A single circle of white hue slowly opens at the right-side on the forward wall. Then a second circle of white hue slowly opens parallel a few inches from the first one, at the left-side, on the same forward wall.
“Do you see that there? Yes, I do, too. Yeah, there’s something over there. There’s some type of tiny movement on the rear wall of blackness.” Rusk states and continues to pose his finger at the tiny movements on the rear wall feeling both intrigue and mystery.
“What is it or that or this or dust?” Baycliff states then tilts his chin to the right and then to the left while trying to figure out the two individual and independent circles of white hue within the blackness on the forward wall.
Three feet down from the two formed circles of white, a set of four tiny holes, within the same black forward wall fan out about a half-inch apart with a single white round figure on the side as the formation takes shape on the right-side and the left-side between the above two circles of white, much like a nighttime heavenly star.
“What outer space twinkling star pattern is that? I don’t recognize it. Could the six individual and independent white circles represent part of the Big Dipper star cluster?” Baycliff states with his puzzled brow studying the six white circles.
Rusk scratches his blonde hair underneath the bite-nats page boy cap and studies the six white circles dropping his arm and slaps his leg. He states with a puzzled brow too. “Naw. I don’t think so. The Big Dipper star cluster looks upside down, like one of my mama’s sauce pans, that she used for cooking her red chili beans recipe.”
“The pattern comes from the sea. That’s a shape of an ocean starfish. Of course, an ocean starfish is dead and gone from Planet Earth. So, the two circles is part of the stars on Aquarius star cluster coming from the heavens. So, he’s a fish man. Move along to the musical circus exhibition, ya’ll!” Wolf stated then laughs with a nod at the forward wall but cannot move sideways as each South Beach blocks his footpath.
“The star constellation of Pisces represents all the fishes, not a single starfish. The forward wall has five points, like a fanned hand of poker cards.” Rusk states with his confused brow still studying the odd design etched into the black tined forward wall.
“Ya know, I vividly recall badly beating your ass, at our nightly poker game, a couple of weeks ago, Rusk. So, you own me two bull calves.” Baycliff states turning to see the nose profile on Rusk, presenting his two finger pads.
McCamy gasps in shock then shouts out loud, “Bull calf!” He turns and views Rusk. “Did you bet one of our daddy’s baby bulls, Rusk, in that poker game that I told you not to attend? But you attended always and now have lost a bull calf to Baycliff. Our daddy is going to blow a gasket at you after our rescue mission has completed and Hico and his jack-holes are gone from South Beach.” He laughs against Rusk and a missing bull calf from their shared farmland.
“Two! One! Two! One Two!” Baycliff states and continues to hold his two fingers in the air counting each one with a smile. McCamy turns shaking his top hat, wearing a sour frown at Baycliff.
“Never mind, the sight, the fight and the might, bros! Slide your asses down to the next lively musical Showcase exhibition.” Wolf states with a sour frown then steps from the line wanting to move to the next compartment. But none of his team mates care to follow him.
Rusk and McCamy do not move but continue to observe the two circles of white within the blackness on the forward wall.
“I can’t figure this thing out. What is it? What do all the white tinted circles represent?” Rusk states with a confused brow studying the strange art work of bite-nats paint.
A single round figure appears on a second row and measures two inches below the first row of two white tinted circles. Then an almond-shaped hole forms on a third row, which is a few inches below the second row, that contains a single white circle.
Several inches down from the third row, then a pair of two white tinted circles appear.
Then several inches sideways, then two starfish designs with four fanning circles appear on the fourth row.
On the left side, which is opposite from the numerous rows of white circles, a set of white circles appears and also parallels each row with the equal number of white circles.
Finally, on the left side, a several inches down from the fourth row, a very large white tinted circle appears the fifth row.
In front of the retainer wall, beside his friends, Rusk repeats the same question, “What in the heck is this thing?” His active mind focuses on the black tinted wall with the rows of white colored circles.
Baycliff gasps in shock then slaps both of his hands around his body, dropping both of his arms to his side, slowly bending forward at his fit waistline almost touching the ledge on the retainer wall and then loudly laughs out loud. He continues to stare and study the numerous rows of tiny white circles against a gigantic black tinted forward wall, within the nameless Showcase exhibition. The classical musical piece plays over and over again for all eardrums from the staring guests into the blackness of the forward wall.
Wolf back steps from the line, slide sideways then stops reaching out, slapping his hand against the back spine on Baycliff. He asks with worry, “Are you hurt or injured, bro?”
Baycliff coughs out loud after from Wolf’s violent punch on his back spine then swiftly stands upright, reaching out, shoving Wolf away from his rib cage, without a verbal bodily threat. He starts to laugh again studying at the black tinted forward wall and all the tiny white tinted circles. He tries to talk but continues to laugh. “It...” He bends down again still loudly laughing out loud almost touching the ledge on the retainer wall. He tries to explain but only a single word flows from his parted lips, “It…it’s…”
Rusk continues to stare and wears a puzzled brow at the weird design while hugging Pemona. She stares at wall, also, in silence. Two new circles appear. Rusk states. “That’s the strangest outer space twinkling star cluster pattern, that I’ve ever seen, within my short seventeen years of life. I can’t figure it out, for the life of me, what star or planet or exoplanet it belongs too.”
“It’s…” Baycliff shouts out loud then bursts into obnoxious laughter. He is laughing so hard that he can’t even point to the forward wall and can hardy breath in oxygen molecules.
“What is it, boy?” McCamy asks and cuddles Tulu while studying the black forward wall with the rows of white tinted circles.
Baycliff stands upright holding his breath without laughing then leans over swiftly whispering the answer into the smooth cheekbone on McCamy. He stands upright then busts out laughing again leaning down towards the retainer wall again while studying at each white circle on the black forward wall, using a pair of blurry eyeballs.
McCamy gasps in shock then darts each one of his eyeballs at each white circle among the blackness of the wall, where Baycliff has solved the mysterious puzzle. McCamy chuckles nodding his bone skull continuing to cuddle Tulu.
“What did Baycliff tell you, McCamy?” Tulu asks and continues to stare at the black tinted forward wall with the weird pattern of white circles. McCamy leans down and whispers into her face. She gasps in shock and then giggles with a girly smile, covering her hand over her parted lips while studying the black wall with white circles. She sees a new information within her eyeballs and her active mind too still giggling at the new image within her active mental mind.
Wolf squeezes his tall body between McCamy and Baycliff leaning over into Baycliff’s cheekbone for the secret answer. Baycliff whispers the answers then starts to loudly laugh again. Wolf laughs out loud then leans over the ledge on retainer wall for a better view of the new formation.
Six tiny circles appear.
Baycliff back steps from the retainer wall and his new friend Wolf, laughing out loud, scooting around McCamy. He stops and whispers into the eardrum on Rusk revealing the new information.
Rusk continues to stand in place and gasps in shock staring at the black forward wall with the white circles, laughing out loud too. He smiles then leans over telling the secret to Pemona. She blushes in red tone on her face but continues to study the rows of white circles, seeing the new formation, in silence.
Baycliff swiftly glides over to Taffy next and tells her his secret then laughs out loud while staring at the forward wall. Taffy gasps then laughs seeing the new formation too. Baycliff slips back in the line and stands beside his girl Amita. Amita reaches out and slaps his bicep with her hand indicating her fury, in silence.
Baycliff leans over and huddles Amita in love and protection. She states and stares at the black forward wall. “What’s so funny here or there or anywhere? You are embarrassing me, for a second time, Bee. And what is that thing on that wall? And why is that thing so funny? I do not see anything but rows of tiny white tinted circles.”
Baycliff leans over and whispers into her cold-feeling cheekbone. “The row of two circles on the first line is a pair of open eyelashes. The two circles represent a person, who is painted in black bite-nats against a black bite-nats painted solid wall. The girl has opened her two eyelashes, which are the white circles. The second line is the tip on her nose bridge. The third row is her top and bottom lips as she parts her lips forming an almond shaped figure. Do you understand the row sequence?”
Amita narrows her eyelashes studying the wall with his words.
He smiles. “Beside the painted girl, on the right side of the wall, there is a guy on the left side parallel to her circles. He has opened his two eyelids and presses the tip of his nose bridge against the black paint that forms his almond-shaped mouth of lips also. Do you see the formation of the human, honey bell?”
She nods in silence.
He smiles then shares. “The fanned row of white colored circles on the fourth row, which is below the mouth, represents an individual tip from an individual finger pad. Do you see that, honey bell? There are five white tinted circles on each side, on the bite-nats painted black human body, which is kinda even with her waistline.”
Amita states. “How do you know the white circle represents a female, on the right side of the black forward wall?”
He chuckles then explains. “Do you see the twin white circles below her almond-shaped mouth, which is about twelve inches below from her open mouth? What is about twelve inches below from your open mouth, honey bell?”
Amita looks down and views her chest and as her eyeballs examine her blouse, chest, and then her two breasts. She looks up with a gasp and views the black forward wall and the rows of white twin circles. She yells in embarrassment again, “Shame on you! You’re not a southern gentleman ever, Baycliff.”
“Naw. I’m a southern cowboy!” Baycliff states then laughs.
Rusk and McCamy start to stomp their boot soles and hoot out loud clapping at the clever Showcase exhibition. Taffy, Tulu, and Pemona start to softly hand clap and loudly giggle wearing a sweet grin for the Showcase exhibition too.
Baycliff asks to Amita, “Do you understand the exhibition now? The twin white circles are her two breast nips, on the girl, on the right side, of the wall. On the left side, the boy exhibits his two smaller white tinted breast nipples, too boot. There is a very large and single rounded tip on the boy, which is his…”
“Enough!” Amita screams out loud exhaling in total frustration with her boyfriend, starting to fan her heated face with her gloved hand from the teenly explanation.
Wolf, Baycliff, McCamy, Tulu, Taffy, Rusk and Pemona roar with laughter at Amita.
Amita turns and states with an angry face to Baycliff. “You’re a twat!” She spins away from the Showcase and moves ahead then stumbles over her long skirt flinging her upright body into the tall male. She bounces off a small child and finally lands in the two open arms on Director Hico. Hico catches Amita and holds her body upright. Amita loses her half-mask of bite-nats paint.
Hico asks and studies her face with a smile. “Are you injured, miss?” Amita studies his brown eyeballs feeling stunted to see Hico, who stands in the middle of the hallway floor. He asks again, “Do you require assistance, miss?”
“Honey bell!” Baycliff yells then spins away from the Showcase compartment rushing ahead, gasping in shock. He stops and stands beside Amita wrapping his arm around her waistline, gently jerking her away from Hico’s gripe. He cuddles her into his chest saying to Amite while staring at Hico. “Are you okay, honey bell?”
“Lady Rider, are you hurt?” Hico asks and narrows his two eyelids at Amita and then to Baycliff while expecting an answer.
Amita softly says. “I am fine. Thanks for asking, Director Hico.”
Hico nods his skull in silent acknowledgement. Vovina appears and stands beside the nose profile on Hico leaning over and whispers into his cheekbone, staring at Amita. Vovina spins around to face the entrance wall and continues to whisper into Hico’s face her secret words.
Hico nods in silence affirmation to Vovina but continues to stare at Amita. He orders to Amita, “You should attend your exhibition, since the competition is about to begin, Lady Rider.”
“Yes sir.” Amita answers promptly.
Baycliff and Amita, they both swing away from Hico and Vovina and then swiftly move ahead towards the huddle of South Beach teens. The group of teens quickly stroll ahead and enter an empty slot preparing their Victorian Exhibition, for the start of the competition. Part of the preparation involves that each teen quickly paints sections of the three walls with colorful bite-nats paint then stands at the painted wall while producing all the bite-nats equipment pieces or structures for the Showcase.

At 06:06 p.m., after Sun Block, the sky continues its darkness displaying a full moon, moonlight rays, and twinkling stars. All the guest start to venture outdoors into the sizzling heated air molecules to investigate the nighttime.
A row of five riflemen stand ten feet apart on the entrance wall between the lovely row of glass windows lifting up, aiming at the tall ceiling planks then fire an individual live bullet into the planks on the ceiling, for attention, not attack. Falling wooden splitters explode invading the air waves slamming down into the guests.
Hico presents a smile and stands in front of the gunmen, wearing his cowboy hat in bright blue hue that protects his bone skull from the invading wooden particles. He patiently waits for the vocal and visual Showcase presentation. A hallway of nervous people and children scream out loud first, duck down onto the floor second, and then roll a body away from Hico over the floor or against the wall while getting away from the noise, the bullets, and the falling wooden splitters. Each one covers their bone skull crying in fear.
Hico chuckles with delight then lifts the ancient hand-held, black-tinted microphone into his lips as and his face appears on a gigantic television screen located within the tall wall corner slightly above the row of food tables. The television program is broadcasted to all mini-television screen monitors throughout the lands and beyond the air waves at Metro City Birmingham and as the invited guests here at the South Beach Colony watch the action outdoors while avoiding Hico, eating the food, enjoying the scenery, and socializing with their family members and friends.
Hico grins then shouts, “Surprise, people! Welcome to the first ever Showcase event tonight. We will select the winning dance team to fight against the big bad Bandit dance team, who live and reside and play and work here in South Beach.” The audience members slowly stand from the floor or leave the lobby producing an array of loud boos and hisses.
Hico states into the microphone and points to the entrance doors at the two individuals. “May I re-introduction my two associates, Vovina and Kodare!” He drops his hand and slaps his side. The audience members sound with an array of hand claps and loud cheers from his words.
“The first ever Showcase exhibition is represented on the opposite side wall, within this wide hallway. You, as our invited guests, come here and sit down against the side wall in-between me and the food tables. We will examine and then decide each independent exhibition for the first place winner of the Showcase event, which will complete in tonight’s evening dance competition. Keep in mind here! The winner of Showcase event tonight will fight against the winning Showcase team of tomorrow night’s competition. So, let’s go and rock and roll!” The audience members sound with an array of hand clasp and loud cheers then start to scoot around the hallway, standing against the wall, sitting on the floor. They are eager to see the new Showcase event too.
Vovina, Hico, and Kodare scoot down a crowded hallway and then stop standing in front of the first Showcase holding an old-fashion ink pen and pad of lined paper. They slowly scribble down their hand-written notes and then huddle together while whispering in their secret information regarding the first exhibition. Once they are satisfied with their final decision, they scoot down to the next Showcase.


Thirty minutes later….

At 06:33 p.m., the bite-nats covered female displays a red-haired ponytail, stands five feet and eight inches in height, wearing a suntanned skin tone, looking young and fresh. Vovina flashes a set of electric blue manicured bite-nats painted fingernails pointing at the last Showcase, a Victorian exhibition. She hears the annoying musical song making a sour frown on her pretty bite-nats covered face.
The musical song Musta Had A Good Time was aired from the album entitled Feels Like Carolina, in the year 2012, and performed by the American Country musical band Parmalee consisting of brother Matt Thomas (lead vocals, guitar); Scott Thomas (drums); blood-related cousin Barry Knox (bass), and best friend Joshua McSwain (guitar). The musical tunes played were Country and Country Rock sounds. The songwriters were Barry Knox; David R. Fanning; Joshua McSwain; Matt Thomas, and Scott Thomas.


Hey, ya’ll! Is that my dog up on the roof?
And, good gawd, why’s my car out in the pool?
All I remember was a phone call, now the party’s on
Somebody knocking at my door

And I don’t know what the hell went on round here last night

Now, I’m picking up beer cans. What a mess!
O man! Who’s that passed out in the yard?
All that’s left in the fire pit’s, one of my lawn chairs
And a piece of siding off my barn
Somebody doing donuts musta hit the mailbox
Because, it’s laying out there in the road
There’s a flood in the bathroom
A hog in kitchen, a dude on my couch with a bloody nose

And I don’t know what the hell went on round here last night
But we musta had a good time

Hey, ya’ll! Why’s my bed not in my room?
And, good gawd, how did my face get black and blue?
All I remember was a bring it on, a pour it strong
And the girls all getting down

Now, I’m picking up beer cans. What a mess!
O man! Who’s that passed out in the yard?
All that’s left in the fire pit’s, one of my lawn chairs
And a piece of siding off my barn
I guess we used the table top for a game of beer pong
And the back porch for a dance floor
Somebody took a shower rod, turned into a strip pole
Man! There’s a hole punched through my door

Now, I don’t know what the hell went on round here last night
But we musta had a good time

I sure could use a cold one, right about now

Because, I’m picking up beer cans
O man! Somebody’s passed out in the yard.
All that’s left in the fire pit’s one of my lawn chairs
And a piece of siding off my barn
Somebody doing donuts musta hit the mailbox
Because, it’s laying out there in the road

There’s a flood in the bathroom
A hog in kitchen, a dude on my couch with a bloody nose

I guess we used the table top for a game of beer pong
And the back porch for a dance floor
Somebody took a shower rod, turned into a strip pole
Man! There’s a hole punched through my door

I don’t know what the hell went on round here last night
I don’t know what the hell went on round here last night
But, we musta had a good time

Heh. Heh. Heh. Yeah. We musta had a good time
We shore had a good time
We always have a good time


Taffy and her friends hold a still statue pose, inside a chrome and glass crystal castle and as each teen is standing without leaning into the wall. The wall of bite-nats beige is created and colored by McCamy. All eardrums enjoy hearing the musical notes and words.
Each teen has created and then used bite-nats to paint vertical, horizontal, and diagonal lines and columns, within a silver and white tinted maze, featuring an array of dangling shimmery ice icicles. The fake bite-nats painted structure imitates the Crystal Palace, which was displayed in the 1840 World’s Fair, in the country of England.
Each teen touches the bite-nats paint forming one or more of ice icicle’s maze rows and columns.
A somber-looking McCamy stands at the extreme left side on the wall, leaning his back spine against one of the shimmery, ice-covered, white-tinted, vertical columns. A grinning Tulu leans into his chest and holds the parasol handle in her cupped hand, displaying a small silver tinted metal prosthetic on her free arm parallel to her waistline.
The metal prosthetic was designed by the Pemona’s engineering father of Pemona. 
McCamy’s free arm is wrapped around Tulu’s waistline expressing both his love and protection and as he displays a large silver tinted metal prosthetic around his fighting arm. The metal gleams and glitters in brass elements touching next vertical column.
A stoic Rusk rests his free arm against the column, at the extreme right side, on the forward wall. He props his silver tinted metal prosthetic arm upright beside an ice-covered, white-tinted, crystal vertical column as a threatening deadly show of his mental and physical strength to Hico.
A smiling Pemona huddles inside Rusk’s armpit for both comfort and protection. She tilts her parasol on top of her collar bone and curls a small silver tinted metal prosthetic arm in front of her tiny waist while softly giggling to Vovina and then Hico.
Baycliff and Amita sit together on top of a silver-tinted fake, furry loveseat. He wraps his free arm around her naked shoulders. Her bone skull is tucked underneath his throat muscles refusing to wear one of the metal arm prosthetics designed by engineer Festus. Baycliff holds his silver tinted prosthetic arm above his cap while sneering at Hico, expressing danger.
Wolf squats down beside the loveseat beside Baycliff displaying a light blue flash blade in his cupped hand and the silver tinted prosthetic weapon on his fighting arm while smiling to the judge regarding his future victory act.
Taffy sits in the middle of the structure and as her both elbows touch the bite-nats paint forming two upright chrome and crystal vertical columns. Her open parasol leans against her collar bone. She displays a small silver tinted prosthetic weapon on her fighting arm while holding the hilt on the parasol with both of her hands. She smirks with the team’s deep, dark metal secret.
Hico stops and stands beside Kodare studying the new Showcase in silence.
Kodare grunts with a smile at the new Showcase saying with a calm timber. “Well, I’m very much impressed with this group of Rider teens, when they are compared to the rest of the other Showcase exhibitions. They are most definitely ready and able to fight using with their impressive and deadly bite-nats created arm weapon. What are those metal arms called?”
Hico replies. “Prosthetic. A prosthetic object was made of metal element used to stimulate arm or leg motion, when a battle soldier was injured or lost his limb, during wartime.”
Kodare grins then says. “The bite-nats paint creation, on each team with a deadly weapon is most original and definitely most useful, during a live action television bloody fight scene, for all the eager and anxious viewing audience members tonight. And each female exhibits excellent physical conditioning too. We have decided that a dance team should be half-males and half-females. They’re my Rider team, pale-faced and all. I pick them without writing down my notes in your girly notebook, Vovina.” He crosses his arms and smiles at his fellow Riders.
Vovina states with a puzzled brow, frowning on her bite-nats painted orange lips. “They’re impressive, Kodare! Why aren’t they painted in dark brown bite-nats paint, like you? I don’t see a set of suntanned biceps, this time, only a pale face,” she softly giggles with amusement.
Hico says. “This would be labeled as a Victorian Showcase, a very sophisticated and unique creation. Do you believe so, also, Vovina?”
Vovina says. “The time period is ancient; but it does have interesting expressions of elegance, prosperity and…”
“…peace...” Hico states then laughs.
“Why do you sound so unconvinced here, Hico?” Kodare asks.
“Which Showcase do you favor, sugar plum?” Hico inquires turning to smile at Vovina.
She points sideways at a different Showcase and says with her nod. “I like the Circus one. I wanna see the lions eat up each Bandit fighter in both blood and guts.”
Kodare exhales with a puff of annoyance then states with his stern face staring at the Victorian Showcase. “You’re really dumb about bite-nats paint, Vovina. The line of parked bite-nats lions are only still objects containing non-moving teens, like a corral of standing and non-moving and non-sounding quarter horses, within the Cowboy Showcase theme. They can’t really attack and then eat people, Vovina. I like these teens here! They’re my team of Riders that came here to fight, kill, and win. Look at their creative bite-nats metal arm weapons!”
“You’re really dumb about bite-nats paint, Kodare. The weapons aren’t real to really harm or hurt people.” Vovina states then laughs.
“As real as my folded fist, I think we should go a round or two, Vovina, before the dance fight competition tonight. Do you want to entertain the crowds first?” Kodare states with a nasty timber then laughs out loud.
“Fine by me!” Vovina expresses turning to sneer back to Kodare.
Hico says with a smile, “I like this Showcase best, children. However, I have noted that they are disqualified.”
“Disqualified!” Kodare shouts then gasps in shock pointing at the teens. “No! They’re highly qualified here. Do you not see all the deadly weapons, Hico?” He shakes his skull and continues to finger the exhibition.
“Stop with the weapons, Kodare!” Vovina states then exhales with annoyance.
Hico states, “I have noted here. And you can concur too. There are eight team members present inside the Showcase environment. We specifically requested only six persons to create the new dance team, and only six people are allowed to display within the Showcase event. I am sorry, Kodare. Your Riders did not obey that single rule.” He softly chuckles with amusement.
Kodare gasps in shock then shouts out loud, “Six members!” He silently counts all the team members inside the Victorian Showcase seeing eight teens. He lifts both of his arms in the air and shouts out loud, “Wait here, Hico! Let’s ask them to drop two of their teens. You know, a Rider is kinda dumb in the I.Q. arena. They can’t count to four, without help coming from me,” he drops both of his arms slapping both of his legs while chuckling with amusement.
Hico grins at the Victorian Showcase and the teen Riders then inquires. “What’s your opinion here, Vovina?”
“I want the circus and the lions, since the Victorian Showcase has broken all the rules.” She states then turns to smile at the Circus Showcase and their teens.
Hico does not comment but points at Taffy. Taffy gasps in worry observing Hico and then turns to see the nose profile on Wolf. The Bandit team members have decided, among the South Beach teens, that Rider Wolf will speak for the group as he is a true Rider, if something comes up within the Showcase Event.
And, now, something has happened.
Wolf swiftly stands upright from the floor, advances ahead, and stops at the retainer wall, standing in front of Hico, nodding in silence. He wears his fake smile.
Hico smiles then states with his head nod to Wolf. “Good evening, Rider!” Wolf nods again in silence while listening to Hico.
Hico says with his stern face, “Rider, you have violated the rules by displaying eight teens in your Showcase. The rule clearly states that only six people are allowed on the team and in the Showcase.”
“You’re too slow here, Hico! Rider, get rid of two teens or you are disqualified from the dance competition today.” Kodare shouts out loud and lifts up two of his fingers, nodding with his stern face to Wolf.
Wolf nods in silent agreement back to Hico then Kodare then pivots around swiftly rushing back to a new huddle. The new teen huddles contains McCamy, Taffy, Baycliff and Rusk. The other females hold their still position and continue to form the housing columns on the fake and beautiful Crystal Palace, within the visual conception of the Victorian Showcase.
Inside the teen huddle, Wolf states with a sour tone to the teens. “We can only have six teens in a Showcase event, not eight.”
Taffy gasps in alarm then states in panic, “Six teens!” She nods her bone skull. “O! That’s right! I forgot that there’s only six on a dance team. Who doesn’t…?”
“Tulu! She does not fight in the dance competition.” McCamy states and nods with a stern face.
“And, Amita, too!” Baycliff states then smiles. “She’s too weak to help our noble and violent cause today. She and Tulu can stand and cheerlead for us, on the sidelines.” He laughs along with his team mates.
“Do I need to remind here? We do not fight anyone either. This event is totally a show, for us and for them.” Taffy says with a stern face. “Wolf, please, go and inform Dictator Hico that we have conformed to his stupid rules, but don’t use those nasty words.” She laughs along with the other teens.
Wolf nods with a smile in silence then quickly swings around, shuffles ahead, and then stops in front of Hico. He states. “We pulled off two members off our dance team. They are standing on the side wall. Now, we have six dance team members, Director Hico.”
Hico shakes his skull and states with a stern face. “You have made another poor choice here, Rider! Another one of my rules is that the dance team is half-girls and half-boys. You have four boys and two girls. You will become…”
“Hico, a Rider is a little stupid within his brain cells.” Kodare shouts then laughs turning to see Wolf, slapping his chest. He lifts both of his hands and points his fingers around the air waves saying to Wolf, “Listen to me, Rider! Place one girl on your team, and then remove one boy on your team. Do you understand me and my hand signals?” He wiggles all ten fingers in the air laughing out loud along with Vovina and Hico.
Wolf turns and sneers first, saying with his nasty tone back to Kodare. “Yeah, I got it, Kodare! There must be three girls and three guys on a dance team. I’ll be right back, dude!” He swiftly pivots around and sounds with a low growl whispering to his eardrums only. “…to beat your butthole, later, Kodare,” he dashes back to the same huddle of teens and announces with his sour frown. “There must be three girls on the team.”
“Dang it!” Rusk states to Wolf.
“Tulu,” Baycliff shares and nods to Wolf.
“Naw!” McCamy hollers then turns sneering at Baycliff.
“Tulu!” Baycliff shouts turning to snarl at McCamy.
“No!” McCamy yells at Baycliff shaking his bone skull.
“Tulu!” Baycliff yells and then snarls back to McCamy.
McCamy leans over and sneers into the cheekbone on Baycliff saying with a nasty timber. “I say no, snot-hole. Are you deaf or blind or dumb or all three? Or do I need to box some new holes into your two earlobes?”
Baycliff leans over and slaps the arm on McCamy stating with a nasty tone. “Amita can’t fight here. She’s too weak from living underground, without fresh air and bright sunshine…”
“Gentlemen!” Taffy exclaims and scoots then stands between Baycliff and McCamy, before an upcoming physical fight erupts then draws some nasty unwanted attention from Hico. She reaches out and touches the fleshy arm on McCamy stating with a calm demeanor. “McCamy, we do not fight here. We win the Showcase event tonight. We fight against nobody. Our daddies are coming here and cleaning up this sick mess, with a pail and a shotgun.” She laughs along with Rusk and Wolf.
“Taffy Pudding is right.” Wolf states with a nod.
“We aren’t fighting against any teen or adult. We’re rescuing everyone here. I agree with Taffy. So, Tulu, she can represent the third girl on the dance team, before we blow this chance of victory.” Rusk reaches over and pulls McCamy away from Baycliff then starts to whisper inside the new huddle as Hico watches the teens. Rusk turns and says to Wolf. “Go and tell Hico right here and right now! We got three girls and three guys on our dance team. And you’re off the team now, Wolf. Go and stand against the wall and out of the way! This ain’t your South Beach fight! So, you can watch our South Beach victory from the sidelines along with Tulu and Amita.” Wolf nods in silence acceptance and then pivots around quickly dashing back to Hico, Vovina, and Kodare.
Inside the teen huddle, Taffy leans over and whispers into the cheekbone on Rusk. “Thanks for the support, Rusk!”
Rusk turns and replies back to Taffy. “You’re still the Plan Mistress here! Let’s go and get this done right here and right now. So, they’ll be gone, like the winter wind!” He dashes away from Taffy and rushes ahead into the two open arms on Pemona enjoying the hug, leaning over and kisses her lips and as they act like a paired girlfriend and boyfriend.
Taffy exhales with a puff of frustration and stares at Rusk with her girly envy. Wolf returns back to the huddle with McCamy and Baycliff then stops nodding with new acceptance from Dictator Hico. Wolf leaves the huddle and stands against the wall out of the fight. McCamy rejoins Tulu as part of the new dance team members.
Amita stands from the loveseat then shuffles ahead to the side wall as she is not going to fight in the dance competition. She does not lean against the wall but fiddles with her lace glove while smiling at Hico.
Baycliff sits on top of the loveseat, alone and lonely, sneering at the trio of judges.
Hico, Vovina, and Kodare spin around and stroll away from the Victorian Showcase.
Each teen shuffles around and assumes their still statue pose, again, as each disjoined maze returns back into rows and columns of glittering silver and white ice icicles again.
Tulu hugs into the chest of McCamy and then mentally performs the think object: sneakers. She changes her pair of heeled leather boots down into a pair of comfortable sneakers. She bounces on her toes feeling excitement with the upcoming announcement, saying with a smile. “We won, didn’t we?” McCamy cuddles her and stares at the trio of nasty judges without commenting.
“I hope so, Tulu.” Pemona states within the protection arms of Rusk and watches Hico and his two associates.
Hico, Vovina, and Kodare move ahead, stop then stand within clean and clear opening in the middle of the crowded hallway, where three high stools rest. Each body parks on top of a padded seat facing the forward wall holding all the exhibitions and as each face gleams on the gigantic television screen.
Inside the Victorian Showcase, Amita laughs with amusement then shuffles away from the side wall and finally stops standing in front of Baycliff. She announces with her sour tone, “We lost. We leave out from the hotel setting right here and right now. We are done here, Baycliff. Let’s go home, pack our stuff, and high tail it out of South Beach, before Hico gets some smarts and figures out who I really am.”
“Have some faith in us, rebels, Amita!” Taffy states with her fake smile at the trio of judges and stands, forming a new column on the Crystal Palace beside the loveseat, near Baycliff. She turns and frowns at Amita. “They watched us the longest and seemed impressed with our Victorian Showcase presentation.”
Amita turns and tilts her mini-topper at Taffy, saying with a nasty timber. “Lucky for us, you didn’t get us into deeper trouble, Taffy Pudding. We have eight teens, not the required six-member team. You never listen to instructions, Taffy!”
Baycliff frowns then states. “We didn’t know the instructions, Amita! We’ve been plotting and playing all these events along with guts and whispers and…”
“Lucky! I’m still alive and breathing working along with our non-leader Taffy Pudding.” Amita states then sneers at Taffy.
Wolf appears and stands beside Amita saying to the teens, “Listen up! Hico is ready to announce the Showcase winner.” He spins around and squats down on the floor in front of the loveseat pointing at the trio of judges on the television screen.
In a small open clearing, within the hallway, Hico continues to sit and then taps the microphone, making a set of squeaky noises. He holds the metal material near his mouth then says with a smile down into the transmitter. “We have reached a decision.” The viewing audience members inside the lobby building start to sound with an array of loud cheers and hand claps.
He waits for the audience members to quiet down then continues. “The first alternative Showcase is…” he pauses for drama. “We have selected an alternative winner, in case, the grand prize winner of the Showcase exhibition can’t make the event, for some dangerous reason.” He laughs along with the vicious audience members.
Inside the teen line, Taffy cringes with her worries then turns to see Baycliff, who stands upright beside Taffy and also cuddles his girl Amita.
Baycliff turns and nods in silence to Rusk. Rusk nods back in silence then stares at the television screen holding the three judges.
Tulu whispers all her worries to McCamy. He gently strokes her soft cheekbone and then leans down tenderly pecking her forehead while whispering a set of encouraging words for the freedom of his friends, his parents, and his native South Beachers.
On top of the second stool, in the middle of the hallway, Vovina tosses both of her arms in the air shouting with a smile to the audience members, “First alternative of the Showcase event is the Circus exhibition.” The teens within the Circus exhibition twirl, swirl, and whirl around in their happy celebration. The crowd starts to sound with hand claps, lip whistles and stomped feet.
Hico waits for the audience members to calm down and continues to smile into his microphone then announces. “The winner of the first even Showcase event is…”
“Who? Who? Who…?” chants the audience members inside the hotel campus.
“The winner of the first even Showcase event is the Victorian exhibition. These teens will be competing within the hour against the vicious dance team consisting of six South Beach Bandits.” Hico states and slides off the high stool, moves ahead through the cheering crowds towards the retainer wall. Vovina and Kodare slide off their individual stool and start to struggle through the heavy crowds of visitors, trailing behind Hico towards the retainer wall also.
Taffy watches the judges then gasps in shock shuffling ahead and wears a stern face along with Wolf. They stop and stand at the retainer wall staring at the trio of Hico, Kodare, and Vovina.
Hico stops in front of the beige tinted short retainer wall and stares at Taffy, waving his hand at the other Rider teens then states. “Winners of the first ever Showcase event, please, come over here, to me! You are the winners, Riders. Kodare mentioned that you can’t count to the number four. I hope you can understand that you have won this dance competition and are going to fight against another dance team tonight within the hour or less than sixty minutes. I must say that I enjoy observing each one of you, but I also have noticed that each one of you is not happy here. The other teens from the Circus Showcase are jumping up and down, leaping into the air, like a bull frog.”
Tulu hears the comments from Hico while slowly padding beside McCamy saying with his confused brow to her man, staring at Hico. “A bull frog doesn’t leap in the air but down in a water pond.”
“Why did he mention specifically a bull frog?” Baycliff asks shuffling ahead, cuddling Amita.
McCamy moves between Tulu and Rusk turning with his stern face to see the nose profile on Rusk, asking with puzzlement. “What do you think of this, Rusk?”
“Be careful!” Rusk states and stares at Hico cuddling Pemona into his chest.
“Yes, please, come closer to me, teens! I don’t bite.” Hico state then laughs along with Kodare. Vovina stands beside Hico wearing a sad face, since her nominated Showcase exhibition has lost the contest.
Kodare stands on the other side of Hico and claps along with the audience, saying with a nod and a smile. “You exhibited an excellent Showcase, Riders! You have won the Showcase event and now you will face the new dance team of the South Beach Bandits tonight. But I have specific instructions.”
A row of five riflemen stand behind Hico, like a set of personal body guards. Each guard is dressed in dark blue uniform, exhibiting a pale face, and a tall black fuzzy hat. All the items are made of colorful bite-nats paint. Each one totes a real rifle hiked against a collar bone.
Hico extends out and shakes the hand on Wolf first, saying with a smile and a nod. “This is the first honor of winning the first ever Showcase exhibition. There should be a vivid celebration including fireworks and balloons for the first event. Wouldn’t you agree with me, Wolf?” Wolf jerks back his hand and then gasps in alarm slowly back stepping from the retainer wall while staring at Hico. He feels both fear and panic.
Hico yells out loud, “Fire!”
Taffy screams out loud the warning to her friends, “Duck!”
McCamy halts and covers Tulu dropping them down on top of the dirty floor. He covers her body for protection.
Rusk halts then pulls Pemona into his chest as they both drop down sliding into the back spine on McCamy.
Baycliff races ahead leaving Amita and reaches out jerking an upright stunned Taffy into his chest for body protection, since she stands in the direct line of bullet fire coming from each aimed rifle. They tumble downwards then land hard on top of the dirty floor.
Wolf continues to stand upright in stunned awe then turns to see Amita, who stands upright and alone on top of the dirty floor. Amita stares at Vovina, Hico, and Kodare, who continues to pose in front of the retainer wall and out of the way of danger.
Each rifle flings down from a human collar bone and aims the cold barrel tip upwards at the ceiling planks then discharges a single bullet. The fired single bullet punctures upwards and then damages a secret ceiling panel. The wooden planks fall down from the open ceiling and then land on top of the hard floor. A row of heavy steel tubs tilt downwards containing fresh cold-feeling pond water and then swiftly descend down on top of each South Beach teen. The pond water completely washes away all of the colorful bite-nats paint on each human. Then a flock of black-tinted bed linens swiftly drift down from the open ceiling hole landing on top of each wet and naked South Beach teen.
Vovina continues to stand beside Hico and covers both of her eardrums, screaming out loud in fury from the firing bullets and the drowning cascades of water. “Wet! Water! The ceiling has opened up and now dumped down tons of fresh water on top of me. What happened? I’m all wet. My orange tinted bite-nats dress is disappearing. Hico, what have you done here? Why did you do that? You have ruined my bite-nats dress and my first ever Showcase Event, in front of the entire viewing audience members. What’s wrong with you, Hico?” She reaches out and catches one of the slowly drifting black-tinted bed linens, pulling it, wrapping the cloth around her wet dress and wet body. She stomps her part-naked feet and sneers in anger at Hico.
Kodare swiftly back steps with laughter from the retainer wall and cascading artificial waterfall, stopping beside the row of rifleman. He gasps in shock and shouts out loud pointing at the teens. “What do you see, Vovina?”
Each wet teen stands then shifts sideways on top of the wet floor reaching out, grabbing a black tinted bed linen and then wraps the soft fabric around a part painted and part semi-naked body, where a massive downfall of fresh pond water is quickly washing away every inch of their colorful bite-nats paint, including hats, dresses, jackets, pants, shoes, and all the fake arm weapons.
Baycliff slowly stands upright first among the teens tucking the bed linen around his fit waistline, exposing his nicely bronze skin and ripped muscular chest. He points with a sneer saying with extreme hatred to Hico. “This is the second time, that I have gotten watered down, like a flower garden. Next time, it’s going to be Hico that gets drenched with his own spilled blood proteins coming from both of my folded fists.” He leans down then assists Taffy to stand upright on her pair of naked feet. Taffy adjusts the bed linen sheet quickly over her exposed naked breasts and long legs for her body privacy. Then they both start to sneer at Hico.
Rusk flings the water droplets from his wet body first and then slowly stands upright from the wet floor on his naked feet, rearranging the wet linen sheet around his fit waist, exposing his bronze-tinted skin and muscular chest. He leans down and lifts Pemona upright beside him. She wears a black-tinted bed linen over her wet hair and her body while staring in silent fury at Hico. Rusk tucks Pemona into his armpit for his love and his protection.
McCamy wraps the bed linen sheet around his fit waist and both of legs first exposing his bronze-tinted skin and ripped chest muscles. He reaches down and decorates his girl Tulu with numerous dry linen sheets covering her wet hair roots down to her pink-painted toe nails. He cuddles her girl into his wet naked chest for his love and his protection. He looks up and starts to snarl at Hico.
The audience members stand from the floor or lean against the wall pointing at the teens, starting to chant out loud, “Kill Bandits! Kill Bandits! Kill Bandits!”
Kodare shouts and points at each teen, “I see bronze tinted skin. Their skin is tanned, not pale.” He turns and splashes his cold beverage into the face on Wolf. Wolf sneers with fury, since he does not morph into a body of bronzed skin tone. Kodare states with a frown, “You’re a Rider! Why are you running along with these nasty band of Bandits?”
The audience members start to change the chant then loudly cheer, “Love Riders! Love Riders! Love Riders!”
“What going on in here, Hico? Who are these familiar teens? Why are they here in my first ever Showcase event, Hico? I don’t understand any of this!” Vovina yells in frustration and continues to wear the wet bed linen around her wet body, pointing at each wet teen, standing on top of the broken floor, where the fresh water splashdown has cleaned away most of her bite-nats paint too.
“I’m surprised you don’t recognize them, Vovina.” Kodare state then laughs. “I see a familiar face, Taffy Pudding and her small outlaw band of South Beach Bandits have arrived from Metro City Birmingham, who…”
“Who survived your stupid Sniff, the Sweet Honeysuckle Ball, Dictator Hico,” Taffy shouts and points at Hico. Baycliff leans over and cuddles Taffy still sneering at Hico.
Hico states with a nod and a smile to Taffy. “So, you did!” He exhales with intrigue. “Now, you can try to survive a second time,” he laughs along with the audience members.
Rusk holds the bed linen sheet around his private parts and jabs his other finger, shouting to Hico. “We will survive a third time, Herr Hico! We survived the second day, in the Apprenticeship Program, too.” He snarls at Hico.
“Then, a third time, it should become. Tonight’s competition is for all or nothing to the gang of lucky Bandit outlaws living and residing and playing here within South Beach,” Hico smiles.
The audience members stares at each wet teen and then chants out loud in unison, “Kill Bandits. Kill Bandits. Kill Bandits…”
“Vovina, go and move the invited visitors outside into a designated area, for our visiting visitors, while I explain the new rules of the new Huntress and Hunter Games to each captured teen. I must prep them for their upcoming dance fighting competition.” Hico orders and flips his hand in the air, dropping his hand down and then slaps his leg. He presents a smile. Vovina does not move but sneers at each wet teen feeling her own fighting fury.
Hico turns and states to the nose profile on Kodare. “Go and prep the Circus Showcase of Riders for tonight’s dance fight competition against the ancient and lucky dance team of outlaw Bandits, Kodare.”
“What about the new Bandit dance team members?” Kodare states and stares at the old Bandit dancers.
Hico leans over and whispers his secret words to Kodare. Kodare nods in approval and then spins around moving away from Hico and the South Beach Bandits to perform a new task.
In front of the retainer wall, Vovina states with a sour frown to Hico staring at the Bandit teens. “This is my fun game event here, Hico! I go and explain all the rules in my Showcase Event. I go and deal with all the competitors here, Hico.” She turns and sneers at Amita saying with a nasty timber. “Who are you, teen Bandit? I don’t recognize your face, sugar plum.”
Hico scoots sideways, leans over and smiles into the nose profile on Vovina then orders. “Please, sugar plum, go and take my set of body guards and move the rest of the visitors outside, while I deal with these outlaw teens. We start the new Huntress and Hunter Games within the hour, at nine o’clock. Your audience of members and admirers are waiting for you!”
She exhales with a puff of annoyance then says to Hico but stares at the band of bad Bandit teens, “Okay, sugar plum! I’ll only do this, for you.” Vovina leans over and pecks his cheekbone pulling back with a smile, spinning around with her evil laughter. She lift her arm in the air and starts to shout at all the invited visitors. “Get moving! Get going! Get out right now of here! Get back outside!”
The row of riflemen holds their rifle and then starts to shove a face or a back spine on each invited visitor forcing the crowds of people into the open entrance door, strolling into the heated moonlight.
The other disappointed Showcase teens do not cheer but lower their bone head staring at the floor, starting to shuffle out the entrance doors of the hotel building also. Kodare has led the Circus Showcase teens from the lobby setting while attending to Hico’s new orders.

At 08:40 p.m., in front of the bite-nats painted retainer wall, that still exists from a bite-nats painted feet on the nasty armed guard, Hico claps his hands. A new musical song starts to play bombarding the quite air waves within an empty hallway. The invited visitors are roaming around the outdoors hunting for food or fun, until the start of the new upcoming dance fight competition between the Riders and the Bandits.
The musical song entitled The House of the Rising Sun was released in the year 1964 and performed by the American musical band named as The Animals.


There is a house way down in New Orleans
They call the Rising Sun
And it’s been the ruin of many a poor boy
And God, I know, I’m one

Mother was a tailor, yeah, yeah
Sewed my Levi jeans
My father was a gambling man, yeah, yeah
Down, way down in New Orleans

Now, the only thing a gambling man ever needs
Is a suitcase, Lord, and a trunk
And the only time a fool like him is satisfied
Is when he’s all stone cold drunk


Lead singer Eric Burdon had heard the words sitting in a nightclub, in the town of Newcastle, within the country of England. The song was performed by the Northumbrian folk singer Johnny Handle. Eric and his band named The Animals were touring in the year 1964 in the foreign country as a cover band for the American Roll and Rock musical superstar Chuck Berry.
The musical band named The Animals had created their own version and played their new song to their audience members while getting a tremendous reaction to the tune. By an executive decision from the band’s musical producer Mickie Most, the band stopped by a small recording studio, on the street of Kingsway, within the city of London and then recorded the song, in one take, taking 15 minutes, on the date of May 18th, in the year 1964.
The electric guitar notes in A Minor Chord arpeggio was composed by band member Hilton Valentine. The lead vocals from Eric Burdon performs a howling, soulful, deep gravelling musical tone, such like, one of the many ancient songs sung by men going to work to earn their keep, within a northeast English coal town of Newcastle.
Musician band member Alan Price played the pulsating organ notes on a Vox Continental Organ musical instrument. The song runs 04 minutes and 29 seconds and it is very long for a single Pop record and the tune is played in 6/8 meter, unlike the 4/4 meter from the earlier musical versions from various American musical artists.
On June 19, 1964, The House of the Rising Sun was released in the United Kingdom (Great Britain, Ireland and Wales) with the radio version play time at 02 minutes and 59 seconds, climbing to the number one, within the U.K. Pop Single Chart, and then was released in the United States of America, on August 8th, in the same year. The song reached the number one on the date of September 5th, on the U.S. Pop Single Chart.
The musical song became the signature song for the band and also became the first British invasion, into all the Great Britain cities, by an American musical band, such like, the reverse musical phenomena from English musical group, The Beatles, who invaded by thunder and lightning the American landscape and American girls, in the 1960s.
The American band members included Eric Burdon (vocals); Hilton Valentine (electric guitar); John Steel (drums & percussion); Alan Price (organ), and Chas Chandler (bass guitar) living in Liverpool, Great Britain. The musical band played Folk Rock and Blues Rock sounds.
The musical song was described by musical critics as:

The first folk rock hit!
The band connected the ancient tune to a live wire!
The first folk rock tune!
A revolutionary single!
A brilliant rearrangement!
A new standard rendition of an old standard composition!

The location of the physical structure, Rising Sun, is another cult mystery among all the musical fans. Based on the mystical words. from the tune, the place is listed within the city of New Orleans and represents a brothel or a parish prison for women or a gambling hall.
The proper words, Rising Sun, does provides an ancient American historical reference to a hotel building, located on Conti Street, within the French Quarter, in the year 1820 or in the year 1830, a Club House located on Cherokee Street, within the riverfront Carrollton Community and used for both social aid and pleasurable activities, such like gambling and prostitution.
In the year 1860, a coffee house on Decatur Street in front of the lake provided coffee, beer, and food items to patrons and their guests.
In the years 1862 to 1874, on 1614 Esplanade Avenue, a building was named, The House of the Rising Sun, and was owned by Madam Marianne LeSolei Levant. Levant means, the rising sun, in the French language.

At 07:57 p.m., back inside the new hotel setting, in front of the ancient South Beach Bandit members and natives, Director Hico swings around with an arrogant smirk and points to the end of the short retainer wall, slowly moving ahead in the opposite direction of the entrance doors and then halts. He drops his arm and slap his leg to the slow-moving beat of the musical song waiting patiently, carefully watching each smart-ass South Beach teenager, for trouble.
Inside the exhibition floor space, McCamy spins around with Tulu and moves ahead towards the end of the retainer wall, shuffling his two naked feet over the smooth ancient wooden planks and leads his fellow teens down the long dirty corridor, in furious silence.
Rusk and Pemona, both swing around and cuddle together exiting from the exhibition floor, following the back spine on McCamy and Tulu. They whisper with their worries to each other.
Baycliff back steps from the retainer wall facing Hico and jabs his finger at the director, holding the bed linen sheet over his naked waistline and two naked legs. He yells, “I ain’t afraid of you, boy!” He continues to move backwards walking beside a forward-facing Taffy, striking his folded fist in the air waves. He starts to growl at Hico again. Taffy slowly moves ahead and reaches up trying to yank on his arm from the air waves. She feels both fear and worry now.
He continues to walk backwards and jabs his finger at Hico yelling with his fighting fury. “I’m going to beat your butthole, boy! Then I’m going to bury all of your broken and bloody bones where my pen of coon dogs can’t find them! Then I’m going…”
Amita wears a black-tinted bed sheet linen around her semi-naked body, too, exhaling in frustration at her boyfriend. She swiftly swings around from the retainer wall then quickly races ahead into Baycliff’s inflamed nostrils, snarling at his stupid teenly behavior, saying with her nasty girly tone. “You’re acting like a toddler, Baycliff. Please, for once in your short teen life, try to act civilized like a citizen, not a cowboy.” She shakes her wet hair roots and frowns at Baycliff.
Wolf spins around from the retainer wall and slowly follows behind the doomed South Beach teens worrying about his new friends and his family members. But he will plot a new plan to help his new friends, before or during the deadly dance competition, saving all or some of his new friends. After all, he’s a Rider, not a Beacher. He can freely walk around the South Beach Colony and freely find some additional assistance from the devoted South Beach friends of Rusk, McCamy, Taffy, Tulu, and Baycliff also.
Each wet teen slowly exits from the wet wooden planks. The flood of pond water has washed away all the bite-nats props and chased away the standing guards. The teens slowly stroll ahead down the long hallway of colorful bite-nats paint, where the flood of pond water has not affected the decoration. A line of guards stand and wear a black and white tinted Insect bite-nats face mask silently watching all the teens.
Hico slowly follows the group of teens then reaches out grabbing the naked arm on Wolf, cuddling the teen into his chest. He whispers into the pale skin cheekbone on Wolf.
In front of Hico and behind the naked back spine on Baycliff, Amita exhales with annoyance at her boyfriend then shouts to the heavens. “Hico has guns and guards. You got a pair of bare naked feet and a pair of bare naked words.”
Baycliff looks down and sneers at his girl Amita, not understanding her teenly behaviors or her girly choices or her South Beach attitude. He spins around and purposefully bumps into an upright Taffy, leaning over, softly whispering all of his new ideas into her smart brain cells. She does not nod but listens to his ideas.
Hico moves ahead beside Wolf and personally states. “I admire that teen named Baycliff. Is he the leader of the Bandits?” Wolf doesn’t response to the posed question. Hico smiles, “Aren’t you a Rider, Wolf? Aren’t you going to fight with your team mates against the evil and vile Bandit team? Are you going to perform your Rider’s duty tonight?” Wolf nods in silent approval. Hico grins. “That’s an excellent choice, Wolf-man! Bumblebee, come over here to me!” The guard wears a silly yellow and black Bumblebee bite-nats face mask strolling ahead then halts waiting on Hico.
Hico does not stop his footprints but shoves Wolf into the guard ordering with his stern face. “Take my Rider friend, Wolf, back to his Rider team mates, who wait on top of the newly constructed wooden platform, at the naked and windy limestone cliffs. I’ll be there in a little bit, after I have updated the old Bandit team with the new dance fight rules.”
Wolf spins around in silence without fighting or comments and marches away along with Bumblebee, exiting the hotel building.
In front of Hico and behind Baycliff, Amita exhales with a puff of jealousy then dashes ahead ramming into Taffy. Taffy shuffles sideways. Amita takes her place beside Baycliff wearing a gleeful smile of victory.
Taffy moves beside Amita and leans over sneering then says at the nose profile on Amita. “You should support your man, Amita, as well as, your old friends, who are your real allies here, not these strangers, who tread on our lands and kill our family members.”
“You got a pair of nasty intestinal guts, speaking to me in that tone, Taffy Pudding. You are the primary cause with all this mess.” Amita states then turns to sneer at Taffy.
“Taffy Pudding!” Taffy states then gasps in shock, “Why do you keep using that name? Never mind thee! Here we go with round four or five or six. I can’t keep up with all your whines or wins or whatever, Amita.” She returns to see the hallway then laughs expressing both her nervousness and frustration.
A line of riflemen stands in the middle of the hallway blocking the exit door. The last female guard jabs her finger at the side wall.
McCamy turns and enters into the new room cuddling Tulu. The rest of the teens follows behind McCamy entering the same room also.
Taffy turns and stops inside the open archway staring at the plain living room suite. This particular room houses the manager and his family members, who operate the carriage house and manage the farm workers for Farmer Ebro.
Taffy suspects the nice manager and all his family members are dead and buried inside the nearby woodlands as each devoted farm worker, for Ebro, will fight and defend the people, who live on Ebro Farms also.
The new room space contains a long sitting sofa, two matching loveseats, and three sitting chairs patterned in winding green-tinted plant vines of tiny pink and red rosebuds on the white-tinted background fabric.
Taffy enters a few feet into the room, then stops, and stares in silence at each true South Beach teen.
In the middle of the room, Baycliff and Amita stand together and stare at the open archway, expressing worry on a stern face.
McCamy cuddles while whispering his soft words to Tulu’s eardrums as they both sit on top of a loveseat cushions and away from the spilled and dried human blood stains on the pretty fabric.
Rusk and Pemona hug and stand in front of a second loveseat, without whispering but staring at Taffy.
Hico appears and stands inside the open archway pointing to each side wall, staring with his bright smile. Taffy gasps in shock then spins around to see Hico. He says, “There is bedroom space for the little boys. And a second bedroom space is for all of the little girls. But don’t count on sleeping and messy up the bed linens in here, either, since all of ya’ll will become dead, soonest!” He loudly laughs then sneers next saying to each teen. “The new Huntress and Hunter Games start less than sixty minutes and counting down to zero minutes, until your death day…night. So, I suggest you paint on some nasty flash blades over your naked arms and legs, because I guarantee this new team of Rider teens don’t play softball as they like to say here, within South Beach Colony,” he back steps from the open archway and stands inside an empty hallway. The entrance door slams shut with a loud boom then becomes bolted with a set of squeaky sounds.
In the middle of the room, on top of the loveseat, Tulu cuddles into his chest, sobbing with her real tears of fear, softly saying. “McCamy, I’m scared.” He reaches down and pats her soft hair.
“Tulu ain’t going to fight and neither is Amita.” Baycliff announces and stands in the middle of the room turning to stare at each team. He slaps his chest and then points to the fighting teen. “There are only six teens on a dance team. I don’t care about the ratio of sex, so that means me, McCamy, Rusk and…” He scans the room then gasps in shock announcing to the other teens. “Where’s Wolf-man?”
“Wolf-man was walking beside Hico. My guess here, Hico took Wolf away from us, since he’s really a Rider, not a Bandit. But still, I’m worried for his personal safety.” Taffy spins around and reaches out jerking on the door knob, announcing to the teen. “The entrance door is locked and secured, if anyone is interested in that new information.” She releases the door knob then spins back around to face her friends, wearing a worried brow.
“Wolf-man!” Rusk shouts out loud and releases Pemona. He dashes ahead towards the closed door on the side, the location for the boys’ room space, then stops, and then opens the wooden door, staring into the empty room. He announces, “Wolf is not located in there either. I concur with Taffy’s statement. Hico has returned him back to the Rider team mates.” He back steps then spins around nodding with a stern face to each teen.
“Wolf is the secretive spying spy for Hico, ya dumb, redneck Bandits. That’s why we all got caught in here. Wolf has been relaying our private secrets to Hico through each one of these television devices. Wolf, he is the expert with the tiny television screens, isn’t that right, Taffy Pudding?” Amita states then laughs out loud spinning around, moving ahead to the long sofa. She spins around and plops down on the top of soft fabric, frowning at her guy, announcing to all eardrums. “Hico, he’s coming back here and going to kill you, Baycliff! Then he’ll capture and toss me back into that dark, dank Silo.” She starts to sob with her rolling of tears while expressing both of her fears and worries.
Baycliff spins around and wears a worried brow approaching Amita, sliding down on the floor in a squatting pose. He states to Amita. “I’m not going to let that happen, honey bell. Please, try to have faith in me.” He reaches and touches her two naked kneecaps feeling worry for his girl. She lowers her head into her two palms crying with loud wails in worry and fear.
Baycliff stands upright then spins around advancing to the side wall, viewing the piles of picnic baskets. He stops and starts to open each lid peeking inside, pondering his new bite-nats creation for the upcoming bloody battle fight with the Rider dance team members.
Tulu sniffs up her running snot back into her inflamed nose holes feeling worry then looks up turning to see and say to McCamy. “I…I can help fight, even if I’m really scared here.”
McCamy leans over and pecks his quick kiss on top of her smooth forehead, pulling back with a stern face, saying with a stern tone, “No, muffin! You do not fight in the dance competition. Me, Rusk, Baycliff, and Taffy will take down all the Riders, isn’t that right, Plan Mistress?” He looks up and winks to Taffy.
Taffy nods with her smile back to McCamy then announces, “Right, snot-hole!” She swings around, moves ahead to the side wall, and then stops standing in front of the high pile of picnic baskets. She flips open the first lid and surveys each can of bite-nats paint then orders her new command. “We must start to paint on our bite-nats armor, before Hico comes back to start his stupid Game.”
“Riders, they really are a band of stupid and dumb hicks. Looky over here! I found our stuff!” Baycliff leans down and lifts up the object from one of the numerous picnic baskets. The set of ugly picnic baskets were transported from their reserved first hotel room into their new assigned hotel suite. He spins around to face each teen and wears the object on his arm stating with a grin. “This picnic basket contains all the metal-coated prosthetic arm weapons, the real ones,” he laughs along with the other teens.



One hour later….


Ebro Farms
Limestone Cliffs location
New wooden platform setting

Huntress and Hunter Games event
Warm temperatures and bright starry night sky
09:09 p.m.


The fertile green-tinted flat pasture lands along with the scattered pods of pretty but deadly purple tinted thistle bushes are all gone now plus the mature herd of black and white grazing beef cows. Hico has plowed up and then cut down the lush landscape here on Erbo’s private farmland and then has constructed a horizontal stack of white tinted wooden planks on top of the fertile green grass that falls off the tall limestone cliff edge.
The flattened floor wooden planks appears like a sturdy dance floor platform, for the new Huntress and Hunter Games.
In the middle of the wooden platform, a long and wide deep hole exists, occasionally a high plume of hot, heated, fiery, colorful flares comes up from the natural fissure bursting from its hidden hole. The vertical fire spray yawns from its sleepy hole and then displays an array of blue, yellow and red dangerous fire flames.
A fourth wall is missing from the newly construction platform and features only a single wood railing post standing alone and lonely at the end of the flat wooden platform. The wooden post separates the flat rock surface from the dark nighttime skyline. Beyond the railing, the air molecules drops straight down into the dark, nasty, warm-feeling Gulf of Mexico salt waters, where all the deformed sea creatures quickly fight then quietly devour any and all new prey while waiting around for a new supply item.
The wooden platform is a flat, rectangular shape, where three walls are made of red cedar logs measure raising from up from each flat plank stopping twenty feet into the open skies, without a ceiling rooftop. The sky is painted in black hue with an occasion white-tinted strike of heat lighting that dashes across the darkness. The moon is full beaming down its bright rays of white hue all over the heated landscape. Each individual bright star twinkles down on top of the calm sea waters and the flat landscape in the far distance, within the vast outer space environment.
Embedded within each red-tinted rough, raw wooden wall, long semi-crooked rows display small, medium, and large-sized television monitor screens built into each wall section. Each television screen shows black hue and is not activated. Each television device will provide the upcoming fun entertainment program for the thousands and thousands of local, regional, national, and world citizens, who either sit inside their home on top of their ratty sofa or lounge inside one of the older hotel rooms here in South Beach while viewing the new Huntress and Hunter Games.
The entrance wall stands on the opposite end of the single wooden railing that guards the Gulf of Mexico waters. On each wall corner, a tall, very wide, vertically homemade open door archway exists. On the extreme left-side archway, three guards hold a real rifle and enter one-at-a time onto the new platform setting first, leading the first Bandit dance team member Taffy, listening to the new musical song.
The musical song Sunglasses at Night from the studio album entitled First Offense. The song was recorded in the year 1983, in the city of London, within the country of England, and was released on January 21st, in the year 1984, by Canadian Rock and Roll musical artist Corey Hart. The producers were Jon Astley and Phil Chapman. The musician played Hard Rock, Synth Pop, and New Wave musical sounds.
The musical song is performed in the musical key of B flat minor in common time with a tempo of 127 beats-per-minute.


I wear my sunglasses at night
So, I can; so, I can
Watch you weave then breathe your story lines

And I wear my sunglasses at night
So, I can; so, I can
Keep track of the visions in my eyes

While she’s deceiving me
It cuts my security
Has she got control of me?
I turn to her and say

Don’t switch the blade on the guy in shades. O no!
Don’t masquerade with the guy in shades. O no!
I can’t believe it
Because, you’ve got it made with the guy in shades. O no!

I wear my sunglasses at night
So, I can; so, I can
Forget my name while you collect your claim

And I wear my sunglasses at night
So, I can; so, I can
See the light, that’s right before my eyes

While she’s deceiving me
She cuts my security
Has she got control of me?
I turn to her and say

Don’t switch the blade on the guy in shades. O no!
Don’t masquerade with the guy in shades. O no!
I can’t believe it

Don’t be afraid of the guy in shades. O no!
It can’t escape you
Cause, you got it made with the guy in shades. O no!

O no
I say
I wear my sunglasses at night
I wear my sunglasses at night
I wear my sunglasses at night

I say it to you now
I wear my sunglasses at night
I wear my sunglasses at night
I wear my sunglasses at night

I cry to you
I wear my sunglasses at night
I wear my sunglasses


Taffy curls around the entrance wall and then moves ahead through the archway as the new Bandit leader, wearing a new bite-nats outfit, a long-sleeved, dark red-colored leather jacket covering her shoulders, trailing down towards her two kneecaps. Her jacket is paired with a set of neon orange leather leggings for both comfort and protection and as she prepares to fight to the death against a new rougher and rowdy team of Riders. She stomps in a pair of thigh-high orange laced leather boots between a tall wall of freshly cut red cedar logs and a yellow tinted flat straight line, where the lead guard has told Taffy not to cross for any reason. Slightly behind her, a line of individual guards slowly moves in silence beside the line of South Beach Bandits, wearing a silly black and white colored bite-nats, Insect’s face mask, toting a real rifle with a set of real bullets.
Her topper hat covers her brown-tinted pixie hairstyle that features three fluttering upright pretty peacock features in the colors of yellow, blue, red, orange and green. Her eyeballs are covered in a pair of gold-plated sunglasses featuring a set of blue-tinted lenses for her eyeball protection and her new fashion style. A silver metal lady arm prosthetic gleams across her fighting arm covering the crook on her elbow down to each one of her wiggling fingers, which is going to be the real surprise to each Rider team mate.
She continues to lead her true South Beach Bandit team mates and wears a smirk thinking of her secret weapon. Her yellow tinted gloved hand flexes into a tight ball and as her emotions express her fire and fury at the upcoming deadly dance performance, inside the dance fight competition tonight.
The rest of the South Beach teens follow her back spine. Behind the last South Beach teen, a line of guards carrying a single rifle rides the last teen while watching for trouble.
Taffy turns and frowns at the two upright wooden walls while understanding the new construction project stands over the fertile crop land, on Ebro Farms. She looks back over her collar bone to see Rusk.
Rusk turns and softy curses at the terrible destruction on his dad’s farmlands and woodlands while holding his gloved arm around his girl Pemona.
Taffy views McCamy, who only worries about his girl Tulu.
McCamy cuddles Tulu into his chest and as his eyeballs dart to the right and then to the left for her body protection.
Tulu wears a pink frilly blouse with a high collar featuring a cameo broach. A white buckle surrounds her tiny waist that attaches to an ankle-length, white-tinted fishtail skirt that hikes up to her kneecap. A set of pink and white leg stockings are tucked down into a pair black colored leather laced tied boots. She wears a pink and red tinted heart-designed mini-tea topper hat on the right side of her face, without a veil, so she can see her guy McCamy. A white and red rose-designed parasol wiggles sideways inside her free hand. The other hand tightly holds the gloved hand on McCamy and as Tulu does not display one of the nasty metal arms, since she is not going to engage in a vicious fight against any Rider.
Baycliff moves through the vertical archway and drapes his free arm around the two naked pale-tinted collar bones on his girl Amita for his love and her body protection. He displays a dark green duster coat barely sliding against the un-even wooden planks across the new dance platform. A gray leather vest covers his white-tinted, long-sleeved silk-feeling dress shirt. His fighting arm glitters with a dull brass-coated metal prosthetic weapon scattered with an array of small adornments featuring rotating wheels, secret pouches of sharp knives, flipping lids of itching powders, that represents his true defensive body protection armor. His bone skull wears a black-tinted pilot flapper cap with the matching pair of black-framed, cheap sunglasses with dark lenses covering his two blue tinted eyeballs. He follows the back spine on Taffy, wearing a pair of red and yellow tinted cowboy boots.
Amita wears a pair of black-tinted lace gloves, a fake diamond engagement ring on her left hand, and a bare naked black corset with a string of blood red tiny roses lining the lace over her two exposed small breasts. She does not wear a jacket but a diamond necklace on her pale-tinted naked throat skin tissue. A solid black mini-tea topper hat slides down over her face presenting a tiny black veil that covers her left-sided eyeball.
Her fake bite-nats long, brown-tinted hair strands are pulled into a tight bun behind her naked neck muscles showing off a pair of fake diamond earrings that dangles down from each one of her earlobes.
Her hips sway side to side in a floor length skirt, hiking the fabric up towards her thigh. Each leg is covered in a set of black and white stripped stockings with a red bow tied at her thigh bone. The stockings are tucked down inside a pair of red-tinted, lace-tied leather boots. She turns and studies the new platform that falls off the limestone cliffs going straight down into the warm and dangerous Gulf of Mexico waters.
Taffy follows the back spine on Wasp and as her shoulder slams into a new rough, red-tinted, upright wall of horizontal sawn tree logs. She turns in the opposite direction and frowns at the new Rider team, who stands and dances on the opposite wall of sawn tree logs. Then she returns and narrows her eyelashes, within the sunglasses, looking ahead at the open night sky leaping off the edge of the limestone cliff, seeing a line of sitting warm bodies. She halts with a gasp of worry and stares at her friend Wolf.
Her friend, a pale-skinned Rider Wolf and a row of other unfamiliar but dark-skinned South Beach children, toddlers, teenagers, young, mature and senior adults are seated too close near the flat edge on the limestone cliffs. Some of the individual lean their rear hairy bone skull against a single wooden railing.
Wasp stops and then spins around sneering at Taffy, motioning with his gun barrel towards the middle section of the dance platform. He swings around and start to move ahead in silence.
Taffy returns and snarls at the hairy skull on Wasp, slowly moving ahead, looking back over her collar bone to see the other teens.
Rusk and Pemona follow behind Baycliff and Amita. Pemona wears a pair of matching brown-tinted leather gloves on her naked hands while whispering into Rusk’s worried face. They point at their friend Wolf.
Rusk displays a yellow-tinted page boy cap over his matching hair roots, a pair of black-framed, cheap sunglasses with dark lenses over his two eyeballs, and a bright blue bow tie with a neon green scarf around his throat tissue. He wears a dark brown sleeveless vest with a matching waist length jacket. His fighting arm is covered with a dull brass-coated prosthetic arm weapon. His dark brown trousers are tucked down into a pair of brown tinted cowboy boots.
Pemona wears a dark red corset underneath a lavender tinted long sleeved blouse and on top of a pair of bright blue tinted baggy pants and a pair of lavender and red cowgirl boots. She nervously taps her white tinted parasol against her leg and displays a small silver tinted metal prosthetic on her arm. She wears a black tinted tea topper hat with three pink and white-tinted flamingo feathers on top of the fabric and a pair of black-framed, cheap sunglasses.
McCamy continues to follow Taffy and wears a pair of black-framed, cheap sunglasses with a set of dark lenses hiding his blue eyes too, chewing on the wooden toothpick, strolling ahead in the black leather waist length jacket. The jacket is paired with a set of black leather pants for flexibility and fighting with each Rider. A pair of black and red cowboy boots stomps over the un-even wooden planks. A black cowboy hat is encircled with a pink ribbon representing his love and his concern for his muffin Tulu, sitting on top of his blonde-tinted curls.
He pulls Tulu closer into his chest with his black gloved hand around her waistline as his fighting arm wears a dull brass-plated metal prosthetic. He doesn’t want Tulu to witness what’s going to happen next, which doesn’t look good for the group of stupid Rider teens, that Hico has selected to die in death, with loud sounds and presentation of pain, suffering, blood, and guts.
Baycliff stops in place inside the yellow line. His girl Amita strolls ahead following behind McCamy and Tulu.
Baycliff spits out the wet toothpick from his growling lips, stepping over the yellow painted line. Tick spins around from the parallel line of guards then sneers at the teen lifting up, cocking his shotgun and points the cold barrel into the eardrum on Baycliff. Baycliff sneers at Tick and then moves back into his Bandit line, strolling ahead, stopping beside Rusk. They lean down and bump head whispering into each other’s face.
Hico, Vovina, and Kodare enter next moving down the entrance wall towards a row of three high stools elegantly sitting down in the padded seat while watching all the teens.
Hico wears a newly created bite-nats black-tinted business suit, a black-tinted dress shirt, a white colored bowtie, and a pair of black tinted dress shoes. He reaches down grabbing the old-fashion microphone from the hard seat, speaking into the tiny machine. “Sit down, teens!”
Vovina wears a newly created bite-nats puffy yellow-tinted strapless ball gown featuring her golden bite-nats suntan and orange tinted bite-nats makeup on her face, her fingernails and her toenails. Her long fake bite-nats hair strands are pulled back into a yellow-tinted ponytail and as she wears a smile and waves to each black-tinted television screen, not realizing the power is off and the audience members are in the dark too.
Kodare wears his bite-nats creation, a pale blue sleeveless button-down vest, a matching pair of trousers, and a pair of matching dance shoes. He does not have to dance for the competition but intends to dance over each dead corpse from the South Beach Bandit team tonight. His body is covered in dark brown bite-nats paint. His face wears his true blonde-tinted facial whiskers, a pair of blue eyeballs, and a nicely parted in the middle bite-nats created yellow-tinted cropped hair style.
Taffy, McCamy, Tulu, Rusk, Pemona, Baycliff, and Amita continue to stand against the red tinted wooden wall in deadly defiance from Dictator Hico’s vocal command. The opposing dance team is composed new members, wearing their pale-tinted skin tissue and an imaginative bite-nats outfit. The Riders obey Hico and sit down on top of the planks while sipping a cold beverage.
In front of the entrance wall, made from the same beautiful tall red-tinted trees, a row of television screen is embedded into the wooden planks standing behind the short row with Kodare, Vovina, and Hico.
Hico flips his hand. The musical song ceases. He nods with a chuckle regarding the upcoming blood and guts fight competition for the night’s entertainment. He yells into the hand microphone talking to the viewing audience members and the two dance teams, “This is excellent! We got a good fight coming tonight. But first, we’ll hold a small reunion for fun. Please, send in the teen, Ant.”
A tall blonde-haired teen slowly stumbles through the other open archway on the opposite end of the entrance wall. Ant continues to shove his cold barrel into the back spine on Hixson shifting around from the wall corner, sending the teen towards the middle section on the platform floor.
Baycliff views the teen first then gasps in shock racing ahead first from his friends, colliding into an upright shorter Ant. Ant stumbles sideways dropping his gun and falls down on top of the uneven wooden planks. Baycliff quickly stomps his boot heel down into Ant’s stunned face making the guard unconscious, without screaming sounds, but with tons of spilling blood proteins. Baycliff rapidly back steps from the unconscious guard laughing out loud with amusement, twirling around in a circle and dances in place. His friends start to clap and laugh at Baycliff’s outstanding attack fight performance.
Flea stands on the entrance wall then sneers first dashing ahead, then stops, and stands a few feet, aiming the cold barrel on his shotgun into the exposed eardrum on Baycliff.
Baycliff stops his dance steps and starts to back step from the real gun and the real guard slowly lifting both of his arms in the air, above his hair roots, laughing at his silly teenly behavior then collides into his upright friend Hixson.
McCamy laughs and claps with delight at Baycliff’s attack then races away from Tulu into the middle of wooden planks, hugging his friend too. He whispers into the black and bruised face on his friend. “Hixson, are you still alive and breathing?”
Rusk stops clapping laughing out loud and quickly rushes away from Pemona, hugging both McCamy and Hixson.
Hixson wears a pair of faded, ripped blue jeans, a dirty white-tinted, short-sleeved tee shirt, without an ounce of colorful bite-nats paint for his body protection but smears of his dried blood proteins. He displays a set of yellow and black bruises on each cheekbone and both of his arms saying with a nasty timber. “I live for another day.”
Rusk flicks his finger against Hixson’s cheekbone saying with a stern tone. “Did Hico do this to your handsome face, bro?” He drops his hand slapping the chest on Hixson to determine, if the teen is fit and healthy for the upcoming deadly fight with the Riders.
“Kodare, he did it!” Hixson states then slaps Rusk’s hand away from body, exhaling with annoyance then proclaims with a sour frown. “Kodare was trying to get cute with our group of South Beach females. I got a good workout, thou.” He reaches down and fist bumps his hand with Rusk while laughing out loud with amusement.
Baycliff continues to hang inside the huddle with his three childhood friends, sneering at his new row of enemies, shouting out loud. “Kodare, he’s mine along with Tick, Wasp, and Flea. I’ll take them all out.” he laughs again.
“He bays well, like a baby puppy dog. But I question here, if he can beat well like a rough and touch cowboy.” Hixson laughs.
In front of the entrance wall, Hico slides off the high stool and waves an arm in the air, saying with a smile into the microphone, so everyone can hear his words. “The family reunion has ended! Get back in line Bandits!”
Baycliff, Hixson, Rusk, and McCamy quickly spin around from Hico and swiftly dash back to their respective sweetheart. Hixson stands beside to Rusk.
Hico says. “Let us start the game! Please, activate all the television screens, Tick.”
Each television screen pops on with a loud sound of static and a silent hue of black which is quickly replaced with a set of colorful faces coming from each viewing citizen.
The television audience members chant out loud in unison, “Fight! Fight! Fight!”
Hico tosses his arm in the air and announces with a smile to the monitors. “Welcome to the first annual Huntress and Hunter Games! Today, we have a special presentation, before our bloody fight begins. Queue the railing, please, Wasp!” Each television screen displays a close up sour face on each person, who is tied by a set of ropes on their two ankle bones and around their two wrists bones. The person sits on the dance platform before the single wooden railings at the limestone cliff.
Hico waves his arm and orders with a smile. “Stand them upright please!” Each person slowly stands upright on top of the un-even planks of wood with great difficulty as each one is assisted by guard wearing an Insect bite-nats face mask. Hico shakes his skull and proclaims to the audience members. “I am very sad to report that there has been an act of thievery among our citizens today. These disturbing persons have committed the violent crime.”
The television audience members chant out loud in unison, “Boo! Boo! Boo!”
Hico states with a nod. “I can hear you feel the same as I, since we are a set of civilized people of a central controlled government agency. I will allow you, the audience members to decide their final fate tonight.”
On the side wooden wall in front of the rows of television screens, Pemona leans over and sobs into the cheekbone on Rusk, softly speaking her worried words. “I know her and her family members. That smaller girl and her family comes from my home community. We have to do something to help her and them, Rusk. We have to save all of them. She is not a thief of anything. Hico lies to everyone.”
Rusk swiftly steps across the yellow line and as Wasp swings around and plants the cold barrel on his shotgun into the inflamed nostrils on Rusk. Rusk gasps in shock then back steps and cuddles Pemona.
Beside Rusk, Hixson stares at the row of South Beach natives and says with a worried brow. “That was the hand-picked Bandit team of teenagers, that had been chosen by Hico, who were going to fight the Rider team today, until you showed your faces here today. That’s also the parents of the teenagers tying and trying to save their biological children from an evil Dictator Hico.”
“Save them!” Taffy screams and points at the group of South Beach natives.
Baycliff swiftly charges ahead and drops his upper body attacking the two standing legs on Tick. Tick tumbles backwards falling down on top of the wooden planks into unconsciousness. Baycliff rolls over wooden planks then lands on his back spine. Wasp dashes ahead and then stops cocking the rifle, dropping the cold barrel down into Baycliff’s face.
On the entrance wall of natural wooden logs, Hico chuckles and then orders “Don’t hurt him, Tick! Get up and get back in line, Baycliff! Your turn is coming up, soonest.”
Baycliff slowly stands upright and sneers at Wasp, scooting around the guard, stepping back in line with his friends. He spins around sneering at the situation, watching the upcoming horror.
Hico turns and views some of the television screens, shouting his question. “What is your final verdict, tonight, audience members?”
The television audience members chant out loud in unison. “Death! Death! Death!”
Hico flings his hand in the air and wears an evil smile giving the silent signal. All the guards wearing an individual bite-nats face mask, such like, Spider, Snake, Cockroach, Cricket, and Beetle stand in front of an individual then shove the person backwards into the skinny single wooden railing. Each person struggles to escape but trips over the short wooden railing falling backwards over the cliff’s edge, without any vocal noise, since each pair of lips is gagged with a thick cloth and then each human mouth is taped shut, preventing any screams.
Your eardrums only hear a distance splash of water coming from the ocean.
Tulu turns and buries her sad tears into the chest on McCamy. She can’t watch the horror.
Rusk and Pemona hug and watch the terrible horror together.
Baycliff rocks back and forth feeling extreme anger while watching the horror, also, wanting to save all the people. But he can’t get passed the guards, without getting himself killed. Then he can’t defend his girl Amita and all of his childhood friends from South Beach in the battle fight for their life forces.
Taffy wraps both of her arms around her jacket, witnessing the disappearance of Wolf first and then his mother, and finally his father. Each one quietly drops off the flat limestone cliff, falling 200 feet down into the deadly waters along with the numerous flesh-eating deformed and deadly sea creatures, within the Gulf of Mexico waters.
Amita smiles and leans the smooth television screen crossing her arms, blocking the deadly action from the audience members and enjoys the show.
Hico continues to stand in front his stool waving his arm in the air, stating with a smile. “Now, that dirty deed is done! We’ll take a fast break and then return back to you with the upcoming first violent, vicious, and bloody strike within the new Huntress and Hunter Games.” He cuts off the microphone then turns to nod at Kodare, who holds the remote control device that controls all the outer space satellite television transmissions. “Kill all the channels!” Kodare obeys.
Hico places the microphone on top of his seat then moves ahead with his smile and stops in front of the huddle of South Beach teens, tossing both of his arms in the air, saying with a calm timber. “Now, listen to me closely!” He drops both of his arms and slap his legs. “There is another way to end all this madness. I have requested that each one of your smart parents turn over all the canisters of bite-nats paint to me, then this will end right now and right here, tonight. We will leave. You will return back to your farming duties. How easy is that?” He softly chuckles at his outrageous demand and outstanding reward.
“Never!” Taffy shouts out loud then sneers at Hico as she defies and defends her parents, if her father has agreed to honor that request to Hico.
“No!” Rusk shouts out loud and shakes his cap cuddling Pemona.
Hico exhales with annoyance and points up towards the wall of television screens, saying with a stern face. “I have heard your simple and negative answer. Now, I will present your new and complex problem! Please, display the room that holds each one of their parents here on each television screen.” He softly chuckles at the upcoming deaths of all the arrogant and rowdy farm leaders from the South Beach Colony. Then Hico will have no trouble taking over the crop fields and owning the numerous cans of bite-nats paint, enslaving the farmers for more food, clothes, shoes, and other luxury items that will become purchased by the world citizens. He starts to laugh out loud with his evil mental thoughts.
Taffy swings around with a gasp seeing all the active television screens. Her parents, Baycliff’s parents, and Ebro sit on top of a stone floor featuring a tied ankle bone and wrist bone, wearing a mouth gag over their parted lips without hearing screams or mumbles. The parents are located inside a small room, inside a small house, somewhere here within South Beach. Taffy doesn’t immediately recognize the room or the house wall but that will not stop her from finding that house, after she kills Hico using her metal arm and her gloved hand for threatening her loving family members and South Beach friends.
The rest of the teens spin around and then gasp in worry, sneering in hate for Hico and his invited visitors on their homeland, South Beach.
Hico looks up with a smile and nods to each parent explaining to each child, “You can see me. I can see you. And you can see that I have your children, really teenagers. They are here and will participate in the new Huntress and Hunter Games. Or you can provide me all the canisters of bite-nats at your immediate disposal. Then, my new friends, I will leave you and the South Beach Colony.”
However, a new musical song plays on one of the television screens.
On the date of March 20, 1973, the musical song entitled Bad, Bad Leroy Brown was released from the album entitled Life and Times, by the American folk rock musical artist and songwriter James Croce. The song was produced by Terry Cashman and Tommy West. The musician played Rock and Roll and Boogie-woogie sounds.
The song reached number one on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 in the month of July and held its first place, when he died on September 20th from a terrible plane crash, in the city of Natchitoches, within the U.S. State of Louisiana. 
His song was the second number one tune to speak the nasty word, damn, in the musical lyrics.
James Croce cited the theme from his musical tone coming from an AWOL army buddy at Fort Dix, in the U.S. State of New Jersey. The soldier talked about how bad he was and then fled his post for a month. At the end of the month, the AWOL solider returned to collect his payroll check and was arrested for a deserter from the United States military. His army buddy was gone to the military jail and was named Leroy Brown.


Well, the south side of Chicago
Is the baddest part of town
And if you go down there
You better just beware
Of a man name of Leroy Brown

Now, Leroy more than trouble
You see he stand about six foot four
All those downtown ladies call him, “Treetop Lover”
All the men just call him, “Sir”

And he’s bad, bad Leroy Brown
The baddest man in the whole damn town
Badder than old King Kong
And meaner than a junkyard dog

Now, Leroy he a gambler
And he like his fancy clothes
And he like to wave his diamond rings
Under everybody’s nose
He got a custom Continental
He got an Eldorado, too
He got a 32 gun in his pocket full a fun
He got a razor in his shoe

And he’s bad, bad Leroy Brown
The baddest man in the whole damn town
Badder than old King Kong
And meaner than a junkyard dog

Well, Friday about a week ago
Leroy shooting dice
And at the edge of the bar
Sat a girl named Doris
And oh, that girl looked nice

Well, he cast his eyes upon her
And the trouble soon began
And Leroy Brown had learned a lesson
About a-messing with the wife of a jealous man

And he’s bad, bad Leroy Brown
The baddest man in the whole damn town
Badder than a-old King Kong
And meaner than a junkyard dog

Well, the two men took to fighting
And when they pulled them from the floor
Leroy looked like a jigsaw puzzle
With a couple of pieces gone

And it’s bad, bad Leroy Brown
The baddest man in the whole damn town
Badder than old King Kong
And meaner than a junkyard dog

And he’s bad, bad Leroy Brown
The baddest man in the whole damn town
Badder than old King Kong
And meaner than a junkyard dog

Yeah, he was badder than old King Kong
And meaner than a junkyard dog


Taffy’s father Thelee, Rusk’s father Ebro, and Baycliff’s father Manbanna sit three in a row wearing a tied set of bones, like their wives; but they are displayed only on one television screen among the rows of lighted monitors with a loud musical song. If your pair of eyeballs do not scan for that particular television monitor, then your eyeballs will miss the three sitting men.
The rest of the numerous television screens display only Tourann and Baycliff’s mother as they quietly sit in the front row behind numerous semi-crooked lines of sitting or standing young, mature and senior females, children, toddlers, and teenagers behind the two ladies, without decoration or music.
Taffy does not need to use her smart brains. Her father and his two male farm friends are free from danger and are projecting a tiny room, inside the barn setting, there on Thelee Farms. However, her father and other two farmers have not found his wife or the other females, so her brilliant father has staged a pretend captured moment, for fooling Hico. Thus, Taffy will have on parent alive and breathing, if something terrible happens to her mother. She leans over and views the line of teens focusing on Baycliff.
Baycliff sneers in anger and also quickly scans the rows of active monitors seeing his father on a separate television screen. But his father was rescued from the horse barn on Thelee Farms searching for the hidden location of his mother. Thus, his father has not been successful in finding his hidden wife. So, his father and his two clever farm friends have appeared on a separate television screen signaling for more time to find all the females, that Hico has brilliantly hidden. Baycliff nods to his father, if his father can see his son. Then he turns and gasps in shock seeing the stern face on Taffy. Taffy understands the new plan from their two fathers. The teens must fight and spend time for their fathers to find the hidden women and children.
Baycliff slowly nods back to Taffy with the silent signal.
Taffy nods again then returns with a lady sneer seeing all the television screen. She does not know if her father or mother can see her face, but it does not matter as Taffy will fight for her family members and friends, until her death act.
Inside the television screen, Ebro shouts out loud with a sour frown. “No!”
On top of the platform, Amita gasps in worry and says to Ebro. “Yes! Hico only wants the can of ancient bite-nats, so just give them all the damn paints, Ebro.”
Ebro doesn’t move but sneers then hollers to Hico. “Never!”
On top of the platform, Amita gasps again then shouts at the screen holding the leaders of the South Beach Colony, “Yes! We’re all in this dance competition with the selected Rider team. We might not make it out of this battle fight, Ebro.”
Inside the television screen, on top the floor, Ebro narrows his eyelids and snarls shouting with a nasty timber. “No!”
On top of the platform, Amita folds her arms then sneers saying with a nasty timber. “You’re a fool, Ebro!”
Inside the television screen, Ebro slices his eyeballs to see Rusk and then McCamy saying with a smile and a calm timber. “I love you, sons! Good luck, boys!”
On top of the dance platform, Rusk nods in silence acceptance along with his older twin brother McCamy back to their father while understanding the tough decision here.
Hico flings his hand in the air and hollers with his sour tone. “Kill the transmission, Kodare!” Each television screen goes blank. He exhales with frustration and views the rear hairy bone skull on each teen. He states with a calm timber, “I am greatly disappointed in your parents. This is a very simple request.” The line of teens slowly spin around and watch Hico. Each one understands their new purpose.
 Hico slowly pivots around, veers towards the hole in the middle of the dance platform, and then stops, pointing down at the deep hole then shares. “A fissure is a fascinating geological creation coming only from Mother Nature. And a fissure is only found here within South Beach and no place else on the entire continent. I am intrigued with its flair, fire, and fury.” He turns starting to dance around the flat planks while staring down into the deep hole. He feels the heat and as his face starts to sweat. He states with a smile. “I didn’t cover the fissure hole, on purpose, since it makes for an entertaining special effect, within the new wooden dance platform,” he completes the circle and the stops in the same place, looking up with a smile to see the line of South Beach teens. He asks, “Would you not agree with me? But I digress from my vocal presentation.” He moves ahead, stops, then stands in front of Taffy. She stands in place sneering into his face.
Hico smiles and says to Taffy. “I know numerous cans of bite-nats paint are located down there, within the heated fissure’s hole. I, also, know that each one of your parents will not cooperate, but maybe, as the future leaders of the brave, bold, and strong South Beach community, you might hold a more cooperative nature. Would that be a correct statement, Taffy Pudding?”
Taffy slices her eyeballs to Baycliff. He stares and shakes his bone skull back to Taffy. She shifts her two eyeballs back to Hico and softly growls then proclaims in a new low alto timber, “No!”
Hico sidesteps away from Taffy and stands in front of McCamy, who has wrapped his arms and his bite-nats jacket around his girl Tulu, so tightly, that you can only see her black-tinted hair roots. Hico smiles down and says to the hair roots on Tulu. “Young love, so sweet! I would hate for your girl to get hurt or injured or…”
McCamy sneers from that tiny hint at harming his girl Tulu.
Hico laughs out loud then sidesteps standing in front of Rusk, saying with a smile, “Rusk and Baycliff, you, are the two heroes from the Sniff, the Sweet Honeysuckle Ball. I bet our two heroes know the exact location of each can of bite-nats paint, don’t ya’ll, cowboys?”
Rusk growls then proclaims in a low baritone timber to Hico. “No!”
Hico back steps and wears a sour frown shaking his bone skull, saying with a calm timber. “No. I don’t really like that word. I like the word, yes. Kodare, please, show us the new vacation spot.”
Each black-tinted television screen illuminates displaying a familiar pink and red stone-coated horse barn on Thelee Farms. The front doors are made of delicate wooden planks and painted in white hue. A round of live ammunition eats into the old planks, chopping up the delicate wood, creating massive holes in the doors. Then the screen goes black.
On top of the platform, Tulu views the blank television screen and then screams out loud producing her sad tears, for her dead father. Her father is located there, after she and her friends freed him this afternoon.
McCamy comforts his girl, hugging and kissing her forehead. Hico paces ahead towards a crying Tulu, who is parked inside McCamy’s biceps. McCamy looks up and growls at Hico.
Hico smiles and states with a nod to each teen. “I like this new South Beach Bandit team, which contains lots of snot-hole heroes. Taffy and the twins will become my next set of dance heroes…”
“I substitute for all of them.” Baycliff hollers and rushes ahead passing the yellow line. Wasp draws the cold barrel on his shotgun aiming it into the nose bridge on Baycliff. Baycliff halts without lifting up his two arms and starts to snarl at the nasty guard.
McCamy grits his teeth and hisses from the physical threat to his friends and family members.
“Baycliff!” Amita shouts out loud and wears a sour frown standing in place in front of the smooth-feeling television monitor, wiggling her hips. She parks both of her cupped hands on her tiny waistline. “Come back here! I need you here to protect me, from Hico, not them!”
Baycliff slowly back steps and growls at the guard then slams into Amita. Amita slides sideways. He leans over and cuddles Amita whispering into her cold-feeling cheekbone. “Honey bell, you don’t fight in the dance competition tonight. You stand here on the sidelines along with Tulu, like we have planned from the beginning. You can witness me beat Hico’s butthole,” he loudly chuckles then smiles tenderly pecks his wet lips onto her cold-feeling cheekbone, pulling back with a smile.
Amita turns and stares at Taffy.
Hico thumbs back over his collar bone and smiles saying to Baycliff. “The bay by the cliffs! That your father’s cow ranch and cotton farm, isn’t that correct, Baycliff?” The massive spread of grazing cows are corralled inside numerous fence posts, where the cattle is transformed into white-tinted paper packages of raw beef steaks and hamburger meats each month and then shipped to all the retails stores and shops within Metro City Birmingham.
Hico slaps his chest and says with a nod. “I am the leader here. I am the judge, jury and the Plan Master.” He turns and winks to Taffy first and then Baycliff announcing his new command to the teens. “You and Taffy Pudding and this particular twin, who is named Rusk, each one of you will descend down inside the mouth of the fissure pit. Go and find me all the cans of bite-nats paint while the other Bandits fight for their life force, until your person or persons return back with all of my paint cans. The clock tick-tocks on your new adventure time, right here and right now. Go ahead and say goodbye to your kin, in case…”
Hico lets the sentence linger in the air waves then slowly back steps with his evil laughter, spinning around, moving back towards the row of three high stools, where Kodare and Vovina still sit. He waves his arm in the air to each guard and issues his new command. “Show the three teens their ready packs that hang over the wooden railing, after they complete their good-byes to their kin and kind.”
Baycliff kisses Amita’s cheekbone and whispers his love words to his girl then looks up, leaving her at the wooden wall. He moves ahead, stops, and stands in front of Wasp, looking down at the boots, saying with a baritone timber, “Gimme your boots!”
“My boots?” Wasp comments then gasps in shock looking down at the stolen pair of cowboy boots from a dead South Beach cowboy.
“Give him each one of your sports jackets, also, especially, for the female named Taffy Pudding. Their bite-nats paint is going to melt off their bodies inside the heated fissure steam.” Hico orders and moves ahead sitting back down inside the last chair, smiling at the commotion.
Wasp, Moth, and Spider are selected by Taffy and Rusk. Then they remove their individual true pair of cowboy boots and their individual true cloth sports jacket handing each item to the three teens.
Taffy shuffles ahead, stops, and grits her teeth accepting the two new items from the nasty guard, swinging around to see Tulu, who hides within McCamy’s biceps. Tulu sobs with her rolls of wet tears and wears a pair of redden cheekbones feeling only worry and fear, for her person, her boyfriend, her sister, her parents and her friends.
McCamy releases Tulu. She runs ahead and slides the two open arms on Taffy, hugging her sister.
Rusk shifts sideways slamming into McCamy, reaching out and drags his brother to the opposite end of the wall.
Tulu and Taffy shuffle ahead as one cute monster towards the far end on the same wall then halt. Taffy stares down and whispers on top of the black-tinted hair roots on her sister Tulu. “Don’t worry about me, Tulu! I got jack-hole Baycliff and smart-hole Rusk protecting me. And you got snot-hole McCamy!” She laughs out loud then pulls back presenting a smile. Tulu continues to sob and cries her rolling tears, without speaking. Taffy squats down to see the swollen face on her shorter sister and says with a grin, “McCamy, he won’t let any Rider hurt or harm you. Ain’t that right, she-warty toad?”
“Right,” Tulu softly mews.
“I love you…”
Tulu gasps in horror then softly words. “The last time, you told me these three words, you faked your…”
“No!” She shouts loud out then hugs her sister, tightly, for a few seconds with her sisterly comfort then slowly pulls back, saying with a smile. “I promise, Tulu! That’s not going to happen this time either. You stay right within McCamy’s safe arms and his two deadly hands. He will not let you get hurt or he deals with our daddy,” she laughs along with Tulu.
Tulu continues to laugh at the true statement, since her daddy will tear McCamy a new one, if something bad happens to his baby girl.
Taffy and Tulu stop the fun laughter then lean down hugging each other in a silence tender sisterly loving moment. Taffy removes sliding her smaller silver metal prosthetic arm over Tulu’s arm for the upcoming battle fight with the vicious Rider team. McCamy will protect Tulu with all his might and right but Tulu may need to assist her man for the final death act on the Rider, that is!
In front of the wall of television screens, Baycliff accepts the items from the nasty guard then quickly dresses slowly back stepping, colliding into Amita. She sidesteps and sneers at Baycliff. He sidesteps with a smile then leans over hugging Amita. He turns and stares into her stern face, saying with a calm timber, “Well, it would seem that our situation has changed, honey bell…”
“The situation has not changed for me, Baycliff. I am not fighting against the Riders, who stand and sit over there across the ugly dance floor. Anyways, I feel faint right here and right now coming from the nightly humid heat here on the breezy limestone cliffs.”
“Amita!” Baycliff comments with a stern face then looks up viewing both Tulu and Taffy.
Tulu is required to join the vicious battle fight against the rough, wilder members from a new Rider team, which isn’t the original plan, within the new Showcase Event. The original plan involved Tulu and Amita sitting on the sidelines and rooting as a pair of cheerleaders for the all-star players, but now the home team is down by three team members.
Baycliff, Taffy, and Rusk will leave the ugly dance floor then drop down underneath the flat rock cliffs, entering the true entrance point, on the true heated fissure to locate bite-nats paint cans, in order, to save his friends.
Baycliff looks over his collar bone staring at a huddled Rusk and McCamy.
Rusk and McCamy exchange a set of hushed words almost touching their foreheads together.
Baycliff returns back and smiles at an upright healthy Hixson, who flirts with a pretty Pemona. He returns back to see Amita, who wears a sour frown and a sour attitude.
Amita crosses both arms and wears her sour frown, saying with her nasty timber. “I am not fighting.” She draws up her parasol upwards and points the tip to his face, missing his nose bridge. She snaps with fury, “Do you understand me here? All of you, silly Bandits started this silly battle with Hico. Now, all of you silly Bandits will finish this war, with Hico, which doesn’t include me.”
“Amita!” Baycliff comments with a sour frown. She closes both of her eyelashes and looks up at the skyline in silence. He exhales with frustration then leans down quickly hugging her stuff body, lightly pecking her cold-feeling cheekbone. He pulls back and softly states with a worried brow. “Stay safe! I’ll hurry back with the cans of bite-nats paint, for Hico.” He releases her and watches her reaction.
Amita looks down and stares at Baycliff without a word or a smile then swiftly swings around moving ahead within the yellow tinted line then stops several feet away from the huddle of four South Beach teens.
Baycliff softly curses underneath his breath and then views Tulu and Taffy, advancing towards the girly pair. Tulu and Taffy are joined by Pemona and Hixson.
Taffy quickly releases Tulu.
Baycliff leans over and hugs Tulu whispering his encouraging words of victory as she nods producing more of her sad tears of worry.
Taffy scoots around both Tulu and Baycliff, reaching out, grabbing the arm on Pemona and then shuffles them a few inches away from Hixson. Taffy stops and faces Pemona saying with a stern face, “Pemona, I really need to speak with you, about your parents and little sister…”
Hixson reaches out and grabs both Taffy and Pemona creating a massive brotherly hug chuckling with delight, turning to stare into the smooth cheekbone on Taffy first. He says to Taffy. “Taffy, good luck! I can’t help with the find of these cans of bite-nats either. My daddy never talked about the paint, since my mama would whip his butthole, because she knows, but I don’t. Don’t worry! Baycliff knows everything, about everything.” He quickly twirls them in a completed circle turn turns to wink at Pemona. He says with a smile, “Girl, you survived that Honeysuckle Ball to come back here to South Beach, for another battle fight along with us, Bandits. Don’t worry! I got your fanny covered during Rusk’s absence.” Pemona silently nods with a worried smile.
Taffy jerks away from an overfriendly tall Hixson and then slides over grabbing the arm on Pemona, leaning into the warm cheekbone on Pemona. She starts to say, “Pemona, I need to tell about your parents…”
Baycliff releases Tulu and then swings around, moving ahead, reaching out and grabs Taffy into his chest. He chuckles into her eardrum then states to his friend. “We go this way, Plan Mistress. We have one more stinky dance performance to do, before I come back here and spank Hico’s fanny, like a wetting puppy dog,” he looks up with a wink to see Hixson stating with a calm timber. “Hixson, I command and demand that protect both of my girls.”
“My girls!” Pemona shouts then smiles at Baycliff.
Baycliff jabs her finger at his friend and then slaps his chest laughing out loud, stating with a smile. “Hear me, good, Hixson! This is your only job, protect our kin and kind. Well, you can, maybe, take out a Rider or two. But you must wait for me to return back onto the dance floor for the final killing shot, man. Do you understand, sir?” He laughs out loud then slides off his arm prosthetic extending both the arm leather and the metal piece to Hixson.
Hixson releases Pemona and looks down with a smile at the new object accepting the real weapon of brass-plated metal, smoothly sliding both items over his naked arm of blood and flesh. He wiggles the arm prosthetic around the air waves then looks up with a wink, laughing along with Baycliff.
Baycliff reaches out and slap his friend on the shoulder blade offering good luck. He leans over and grabs Taffy’s arm, and then drags her away from both Pemona and Hixson. He swirls her around and cuddles Taffy into his armpit, moving ahead towards the huddle of McCamy and Rusk.
At the end of the wooden wall, McCamy exhales with worry and looks down at the un-even wooden planks. The planks were chopped down and then cut up from his dad’s woodlands making the new dance floor. He looks up with a worried brow and then turns to see the edge on the flat limestone cliff, the bright starry skyline, and returns back to see his twin brother. He whispers with worry, “Why did you do it, Rusk?”
“I just did it. I am so sorry, that I did it now, bro.” Rusk softly replies and wears his stern face.
“Rusk!” McCamy softly words then exhales with worry.
“Rusk!” Baycliff shouts out loud and releases Taffy. She stops and stands a few feet from the twins. Baycliff moves ahead and stops standing at the nose profile on McCamy and Rusk, reaching up, slapping the collar bone on McCamy. He says with a smile, “You don’t need to say bye-bye to big bro, Rusk. We’re quickly coming right back into the vicious battle fight, before snot-hole McCamy beats all their buttholes, without me.” He spins around and loudly growls at the row of three chairs, stating with a deadly timber. “And Kodare is mine. Do not touch him!”
McCamy ignores Baycliff and continues to stare into the matching pair of worried blue eyes on his twin brother. He softly repeats without voicing his worried thoughts, “Rusk.”
“Protect Pemona, for me.” Rusk replies and nods with a stern face. They silently communicate as a pair of twins, with their shared secret.
Rusk pulls off his brass-plated arm prosthetic placing it down into McCamy’s hands, for additional body protection to use against the Rider team.
“Yeah!” McCamy softly says feeling his heavy heart and the weight of the second prosthetic and then exhales with worry, again, leaning over, hugging his brother and pulls back with a weak smile.
Baycliff swings back around and reaches out shoving McCamy away from that thin wooden railing, jerking Rusk into the same thin wooden railing. Rusk wiggles both of his arms then slams into the wooden railing halting his body, before falling over the edge. He sneers at Baycliff. Taffy appears and hugs Rusk then sneers at a silly Baycliff too.
Baycliff laughs out loud at the new upcoming fun adventure without fear or fright. Rusk and Taffy spin around squatting down, examining the new backpack. Baycliff marches ahead then stops, squatting down at a third backpack, examining the contents in silence.
McCamy spins around and slowly back steps viewing the back spine on Rusk, Baycliff, and Taffy. Tulu spins around and races towards McCamy colliding into his back spine, scooting into his chest without hitting his new second arm prosthetic. They slowly walk backwards and continue to watch Rusk, Taffy, and Baycliff, who dress in rappelling gear.
In front of the wooden railing, Rusk finishes his examination of the rappel deployment bag, containing all the climbing gear. He draws out a pair of gloves, a set of knee pads, a set of elbow pads, a climbing helmet, and a climbing harness. He rests each item on top of the un-even planks.
He mentally performs the think object: paint.
Both his bite-nats shirt and vest disappears revealing white and gray dried bite-nats paint on top of naked skin tissue. He jerks on the borrowed smelly sports jacket from the nasty guard over his painted chest. He slips the pair of real cowboy boots over his painted black coated feet. Once inside the humid and wet fission, all the bite-nats paint will dissolve off his human body as he searches to locate some of the paint cans for Hico, before the Rider team kills the Bandit team.
Taffy had lifted up and spread out all her required climbing items preparing her body for the rappelling action. Now, she snaps on a harness vest around her shoulders and then snaps the webbing between her long legs. She hooks the looping Daisy chain stripe to the locking carabineer then violently jerks down the metal using the special safety gloves on both her dirty hands for her body safety. The climbing gear provide a safer and faster descent down the smooth rock face, within the nighttime elements.
Baycliff jerks the ascension roper on his webbing while double checking the safety fit, swinging his body to face Taffy. He violently jerks on her set of ascender ropes while triple-checking the safely fit around her body also. He smirks with satisfaction at Taffy’s excellent knot roper system.
Taffy looks up and nods to Baycliff in silence acceptance from his physical inspection.
Rappelling is a controlled vertical drop down along a cliff face or a wall surface by sliding down a belayed rope system that is passed under a thigh and over the opposite shoulder while creating friction that reduces the bouncing effect and allows an easier ascend ride against the flesh and blood human body while performing a series of short backward leaps towards the final destination hole.
Baycliff always leads the abseiling or the climb down, since he is the most experienced climber from all of his dangerous fun times, along the row of numerous cliff faces. Then he turns and nods to Taffy and then Rusk for his readiness to abseil down the familiar cliff face.
Taffy, Baycliff, and Rusk spin around to face the entrance wall, Hico and their friends then slowly backstep as each pair of legs hits the wooden railing, at the edge point, on the flat limestone cliff. The cliff face hangs above the full moon light of yellow and the sky of bright twinkling stars. Each one looks up with a slight smile to see their South Beach friends, consisting of Tulu, McCamy, Pemona, Amita, and Hixson for a few seconds.
Taffy stands in the middle of the two males, at the wooden railing, and then nosily flexes the metal clip on her lead rope nervously testing the strength. She turns and nods to Baycliff and then to see Rusk, proclaiming a silence confirmation of readiness to rappel down the smooth cliff. They will sail down and then land inside a fissure lip within the darkness of the night, which is 100 feet down from flat rock surface and 100 feet above the ocean waters.
Taffy carefully swings her single leg over the wood railing and then her other leg, planting both booted feet at the flat edge on the smooth rock surface, posing her body parallel to the wooden railing behind the warm air currents. She can feel the heated air flow coming up from the warm waters within the Gulf of Mexico that causes her feet, her hands, and her face to sweat. Her gloved hand reaches out and touches the wooden railing and as she turns and nods at Baycliff.
Baycliff stares at Taffy and then Rusk.
Rusk nods to Baycliff and as he is ready to leap from the edge and then down onto the cliff face also.
Taffy bends her kneecaps and holds both of her palms onto the wooden railing, listening to vocal counting.
Baycliff copies her movements and shouts out loud, “Three! Two! One! Go!”
Taffy pushes off the wooden railing and flies into the naked, invisible air waves, without screaming. Her stomach acids react and try to drown her esophagus. Her kneecaps are bent and smash against her chest. She jerks outwards her straight legs heading ahead towards the smooth vertical wall as her body descends down at a 45 degree angle towards the hard rock face. She is forty feet closer to the fissure lip, made by Mother Nature.
Baycliff copies Taffy moves and shouts out loud wearing a smile. “The term rappel or rappelling is derived from…”
“Shut up, Baycliff!” Rusk hollers with annoyance and quickly copies Taffy’s same movement worrying about his girl Pemona and his friends from South Beach.
Taffy jolts the soles on her cowboy boots against the hard rock wall with perfect timing as and her boot soles ricochet off the rock and her mouth molars bite down into the soft tissue on each cheek. She bounces backwards and then flies in the air descending another twenty feet down towards the warm waters. She plows her boot soles against the hard rock for a second time dropping down another twenty even along with the parallel movement from both Baycliff and Rusk.
Baycliff stops and then stands still against the smooth gray limestone rock face in the moonlight, lifting his right arm horizontal to signal Rusk.
Rusk stops and then stands still against the smooth rock face, too, lifting his left arm horizontal to signal Taffy in the darkness of the night.
Taffy stops and then stands still against the smooth rock face, also, signaling the familiar silent hand code for Baycliff to enter the cavern mouth first. Taffy and Rusk shoot away from the open mouth flying into the air.
Baycliff flies backwards through the air and then falls forward towards the rock face landing safely inside, sliding on top a flat surface through the mouth, of the ancient cavern. Hist body disappears into the dull light coming from all the fissure fires.
Taffy rotates her angle forward flying towards the darkness, enters, and violently slams into the two open arms on an upright Baycliff. He stands and readies for her capture cuddling her into his chest. They both swiftly spin around in a completed circle twirling their booted feet slower and then stop in place.
Baycliff leans with his smile into her sweaty face saying with a calm timber. “I think, you’ve gained some additional body weight there, honey bell…”
“Snot-hole, get off me! Before I tattle your bad manners to Amita!” Taffy shouts then pulls back with her laughter shuffling sideways away from the cliff face’s mouth opening. They stop then stand side by side five feet apart, bending at their kneecaps while watching and waiting for Rusk’s swift entry.
Rusk rushes into the dark hole and releases the rope traveling straight into a set of twenty wiggling finger pads as all three teens fling backwards from the violent impact and then land hard on top of the wet floor surface, creating a messy pile of twisting limbs while chuckling at each other.
Rusk detangles first and sits upright, wiping the pink cold wet ashes from a naked chest, pointing at the hidey hole on the side wall. He states. “Our hidey hole is still there. Inside, there are numerous pairs of dirty blue jeans, where you and McCamy left over from your quote, death, unquote scene, a couple of weeks ago…”
“And over there, inside that same holey hole, the items may be covered in spiders, so be certain to whack them off.” Baycliff states then slowly stands upright from the stone floor, wiping off the sweaty brow and the pink tinted ashes also.
Rusk spins around on top of the floor and then crawls ahead on his hands and boot toes, moving ahead to the hidey hole and then stops. He leans inside the dark hole and feels for the pile of soft clothing, retrieving a small cloth bag into his chest. He stands upright on his kneecaps and pulls open the bag, pulling numerous clothing items and tosses each item to Baycliff and Taffy. The wetness and humid temperatures inside the fiery fusion are rapidly converting the bite-nats paint costumes back into real paint while some of the paint slightly boils and then melts off the human flesh, without harm on a teen body, but exposing all naked bronze-tinted skin tissue.
Baycliff and Taffy catch and hug each item rushing to dress safely, before exposing their naked body.
Rusk slowly stands upright from the floor and covers his naked legs in a pair of faked, ripped blue jeans, leaning down, shifting over the top of the real cowboy boots, wearing the dark blue sports jacket over a naked chest. The heat and humidity inside the fissure cave is swiftly washing down the remaining sweaty bite-nats paint on his arms. He reaches down and grabs the items, standing upright from the floor, turning to see Taffy. “There’s only one shirt inside the bag.”
Baycliff struts ahead in a pair of ripped, faded blue jeans and a red tinted sports jacket while sweating off his bite-nats paint. The paint balls run down his naked chest of muscle. He extends both of his arm wiggling his ten finger pads, saying with a smile. “I want it.”
Rusk tosses the shirt to Taffy shouting with a stern face. “Taffy needs the shirt more.” Taffy catches the shirt and starts to quickly dress her sweaty girly body in front of two teen males.
Baycliff stops a few inches from Rusk and then spins around winking at Taffy.
Taffy wears a pair of baggy-looking, faded, ripped blue jeans, and that green-tinted sports jacket from the nasty guard over her naked chest as numerous droplets of colored bite-nats descend between her covered breasts. She has buttoned the jacket using the existing two buttons, but her skin from her throat down to her belly button is exposed and glistens in sweaty colored paint balls.
Baycliff growls with lust and states with a smirk. “Taffy looks fine to me, without that shirt.”
“Snot-hole!” Rusk shouts then shoves Baycliff sideways and away from Taffy, starting to sneer at the smart-ass teen.
Baycliff tumbles sideways for fun and still stares at Taffy, saying with a smile. “I’m cold. I want that shirt to cover up my shivering body.” He stops and laughs wrapping both of his arms around his sweaty body. The average air temperature inside the fissure is 110 degrees Fahrenheit.
She spins around to face the forward wall exposing her naked back spine and her rear hairy head of short cropped brown hair, dropping down the jacket from her body, sliding on the tee shirt.
Rusk rushes around Baycliff and then leans over placing both of his hands over the two viewing eyeballs on Baycliff while blocking Taffy’s strip tease.
Baycliff tries to slap down the cupped hands on Rusk and laughs with amusement, saying with a smile. “A girl looks great, without a tee shirt; but I’ll take a girl with a wet tee shirt over a dry one, any day of the week.” He starts to laugh again and watches Taffy.
Rusk drops both of his hands and then shoves Baycliff backwards towards the mouth lip, saying with his stern face, “Snot-hole, get moving and get going! Go and find these paint cans! Then we get back and rescue McCamy.” Rusk scoots around Baycliff and then leads the two teens towards a narrow flat walking pathway surrounded by limestone boulders tiered in the colors of white, yellow, on the forward wall. A pink coating lines the floor surface within the cavern.
“Go back and rescue McCamy! Ain’t that an oxymoron?” Baycliff shouts and stands in place whipping the sweat ball off his face while chuckling with delight. His friend McCamy is so angry that he will kill all the Riders without leaving a live body for Baycliff to maim into a death day, during that active deadly dance-fight competition, which is occurring above his wet hair roots on top of that flat, hard-feeling, rock-solid, cliff surface.
Taffy tucks the long tee shirt down into her baggy blue jeans covering her shoulders with the jacket, replacing back on her pair of oversized cowboy boots. She is deeply grateful for the few items. Or she would be naked in front of Baycliff. She blushes from her mental thought then clears her active mind jumping back into reality. She looks up studying the forward wall and comments with confusion, “Pink, yellow, and white layers of earth elements are displayed within the cavern walls. I don’t understand the physics here.”
“The yellow tint on the wall is the earth element sulfur.” Rusk comments and moves ahead of Taffy and Baycliff. “Move it now! This is the way to go and then we get back and save my sissy brother McCamy, before he gets harmed.”
Baycliff moves last and studies the wall stating with a smile. “The yellow sulfur is composed of higher forms of bacteria organisms, which are thought to be related to fungi…”
“Fungus!” Taffy states then moves ahead jogging beside Rusk.
Baycliff follows last and explains. “The fungi filamentous product forms into 0.5 to 0.8 microns in diameter, which is colored in yellow, which mixes with the sulfur element. It is commonly known to infect a herd of cattle, called the Lumpy Jaw Cow Disease. A set of huge abscess chunks form inside the mouth on each beastie.” He moves ahead and passes a pile of fallen rock. “The tooth abscesses displays a golden pus-draining lesion of watery granules as seem by a pair of naked eyeballs and stinks by the smell from your mouth taste buddies and nostril hairs. As the cow dirty salvia drops down from its infected mouth into this fiery fissure pit, the infected germs mix with the white ashes and then it changes into a set of yellow sulfur granules. Look at the side wall!” Baycliff stops, squats down, and reaches out touching the yellow coating. “The pink color represents each poopy turd coming from each dead organism that lies on the bottom surface here inside this cave, which ain’t good for nothing, but some pretty decoration.”
“You left out the best part, Baycliff.” Rusk says then chuckles.
“Yeah, I did,” Baycliff says and stands wearing a smile.
“What best part, Baycliff?” Taffy asks and moves towards the side wall and then stops reaching out, gently touching the yellow sulfur and feels the texture with her finger pads.
“If you gather up all the scattered yellow flakes on the wall and form a clump, then it melts down and then forms into the medical drug penicillin.” Baycliff comment and continues to follow behind Rusk.
“The medical drug penicillin is used to heal bodies of sick people and animals too.” Taffy states and starts to move ahead rubbing the yellow sulfur flakes on the wall. Each flake drops down landing at her booted feet.
Rusk moves ahead without touching the wall going further down the footpath saying with a stern face. “We should plunk out a handful of crystals to save McCamy.”
“Wow! Hico wants the yellow tinted penicillin for himself to use and abuse.” She states with confusion and follows Rusk, turning to stare at each pretty wall.
Baycliff moves last and shakes his blonde skull saying with a stern face. “Hico wants only the storage and cooked cans of bite-nats paint for his personal person usage and abuse. Years ago, the medical drug penicillin could cure lots of sick folks. Then our fathers and our mothers collectively stumbled upon and accidentally created the bite-nats paint. The bite-nats formula started out as a mixture for fixing up and saving a person’s life from a terminable aliment or a set of damaged limbs then…”
“…our lovely and greedy United States of America governmental leaders interfered.” Rusk continues to lead saying with a sour frown. “Now, Hico interferes. Let’s get moving and get back to the fight and my brother McCamy.”
“Our lovely and greedy United States of America governmental leaders sequestered all the cans of bite-nats paint out from our father’s scientific research laboratory center, there in the ancient city of Huntsville, within the U.S. State of Alabama, which was the home of the space rockets and interstellar space missiles for destroying and then killing all of our enemies. When all the foreign governmental entities accidentally discovered the new bite-nats paint creation, the foreign governmental leaders got all mad first and then jealous with greed and power and wealth and health. At the end of the catfight, came the dog fight over…”
“Bite-nats,” Taffy comments with a stern face then exhales with worry advancing further into a mysterious tall and wide heated cavern coated in pretty horizontal and vertical layers of pink, yellow and white hue on the floor, the ceiling and the walls. “I guess World History does repeat itself!”
The three teens stop and stare at the three distinct ugly archways revealing three different holds leading into three separate interior cavern pathways, within the same cave.
Rusk exhales with worry and stares into each new opening asking with a serious tone. “Where is it, Baycliff?”
Baycliff exhales with worry also and stares into each new opening, saying with a nasty tone. “Where is it, Baycliff? Do I look like an outer space navigational device from eons ago? No! I am not and I don’t know, bro! I’ve never been this deeply into the same fissure cave, only riding the exterior rock faces, like you and you. You got to admit the only fun time is jumping off a flat safe cliff tabletop enduring the short thrill ride, without exploring a dark, dunk, wet cavern.” Baycliff turns and stare at her nose profile asking with a calm timber. “Do you know, Taffy?”
Taffy continues to stand in silence and shakes her skull, in silence, staring into the three different pathways.
Rusk spins around with a sour frown and tosses both of his arms in the air moving ahead with a sneer of worry, dropping both of his arms and slaps his legs. He states with a stern tone, “This’ll take hours and hours to find one or two or sixteen cans of bite-nats paint. So, forget about the bite-nats cans. We go back and fight and save our family members and friends right now. This team of Riders are meaner than the sissy Rider bunch present there at the Sniff, the Sweet Honeysuckle Ball. We lost our ally in Wolf. So, the Riders are sure to kill McCamy.” Rusk doesn’t want to mention the other name, since Taffy may become upset, if she believes that Tulu will become hurt or worse killed, because McCamy is dead.
Taffy continues to stand and crosses her arms, shaking her pixie haircut, saying with a stern face. “I disagree with you, Rusk. Our best defensive strategy here is delivering the cans of paint to Hico. The bite-nats cans are here. I barely remember my father mentioning to my mother that the fissure pit was used to hide something. Did your father talk like that to your mother, Baycliff?”
Baycliff continues to stand and stares into the three different openings stating with a stern face. “My father does not talk or comment or complain. My mother is afraid of the fissure pit and all the other fissure pits live on top and the side of each cliff face. So, my father never talks about the cans of bite-nats paint or the fissures or the cliffs.”
Rusk stops and stands sideways in the middle of the cave, exhaling with worry, pointing at the opening that leads down into the Gulf of Mexico waters. “That way is due east, where we entered into the cavern opening below the seas of nasty creature-eating humans within Gulf of Mexico waters. This cavern leads a footpath west, directly towards the middle of the blazing hot and heated fusion. So, we know that we do not wanna go due west. The bite-nats paint and we can’t survive in a fire pit. Do we all agree?” Taffy and Baycliff nods in silence.
Rusk exhales with worry pointing at the other two cave openings, saying with a stern tone. “That leaves the other two caves for exploring. So, I’ll take the cave heading that leads ahead towards the north while looking for the paint cans. Who knows, the cavern footpath might come back around towards the other side that heads due south? However, we’re all running of out of time and numerous options here. So, go and find the paint and then return back and rescue McCamy from the Rider team.” He spins around and dashes ahead wearing a worried brow, disappearing into the dark cavern that leads towards the northern end of the fissure.
“Rusk, come back here!” Taffy shouts and steps forward while gasping in shock, tossing both of her arms in the air. She stares at the back spine on her friend feeling worry.
Baycliff scoots sideways and then reaches out grabbing her arm, shaking his skull. He says, “That’s the best plan we got, right now, Taffy. Let’s go and explore the southern end of this heated cavern, before I melt down into a puddle of blood and guts, like the Wicked Witch of the West.” He shuffles her into his rib cage laughing with amusement from nervousness and then slowly paces ahead entering into the new cavern entrance point. He heads to the southern wing in the cave to explore the walls and floor for paint while his mind worries for his friends, that participate in vicious battle fight for their lives on top of the newly constructed wooden planks, right above his hair roots.

At 09:31 p.m., on top of the wooden dance platform, during the new Huntress and Hunter Games, underneath an array of bright twinkling stars and a full moon of yellow hue, three high walls from rows of sideways cut red-tinted logs creates an individual wall. The fourth wall is not a wall but empty space that holds a single wooden railing that prevents a body from dropping down into the dark nasty Gulf of Mexico waters, along with the man-eating sea creatures.
In front the entrance wall of red tinted logs, Hico continues to sit in the last of three high stool chairs beside Vovina and Kodare, spitting down into the old-fashion microphone without word. He smiles with delight and flips his hand starting a new musical tune.

On October 3, 2011, the musical song Sexy and I know It was performed by American Hip Hop musical dance due named LMFAO. The five alphabetic letters represent, Laughing My Freaking Ass Off. The group consisted of Redfoo and SkyBlu. They lived and formed the musical duo in Pacific Palisades, within the city of Los Angeles, in the U.S. State of California.
The musical song was written by songwriters Skyler Husten Gordy; Erin Beck; Stefan Kendal Gordy; Kenny Oliver Kenny; David Jamahl Listenbee, and George Matthew Roberson.
Among the dance group, the Shuffle Bot was a popular character. He was portrayed by American disco jockey, dancer, and rapper Andrew Furr, who always wore a white-tinted square box over his bone skull. The box featured a pair of painted eyeballs and a wide smile on the front. He won an internet dancing contest and then joined the LMFAO’s dancing troupe.


Yeah, yeah
When I walk on by, girls be looking like, damn he fly
I pimp to the beat
Walking on the street in my new LaFreak, yeah
This is how I roll, animal print, pants out control
It’s Redfoo with the big F.O.
They like Bruce Lee rock at the club (yeah)

Girl, look at that body
Girl, look at that body
Girl, look at that body
I-I-I work out

Girl, look at that body
Girl, look at that body
Girl, look at that body
I-I-I work out

When I walk in the spot, (yeah), this is what I see (Okay)
Everybody stops. And they’re staring at me
I got passion in my pants and I ain’t afraid to show it
(Show it, show it, show it)

I’m sexy and I know it

I’m sexy and I know it

Yeah, when I'm at the mall, security just can’t fight them all
And when I'm at the beach
I’m in a speedo trying to tan my cheeks (what?)
This is how I roll. Come on ladies! It’s time to go
We headed to the bar, baby don't be nervous
No shoes, no shirt, and I still get service (watch)

Girl, look at that body
Girl, look at that body
Girl, look at that body
I-I-I work out

Girl, look at that body
Girl, look at that body
Girl, look at that body
I-I-I work out

When I walk in the spot, (yeah), this is what I see (Okay)
Everybody stops. And they’re staring at me.
I got passion in my pants, and I ain’t afraid to show it
(Show it, show it, show it)

I’m sexy and I know it (ayy)

I’m sexy and I know it

Check it out, check it out

Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, yeah
Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, yeah
Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, yeah
Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, yeah, yeah
Do the wiggle, man
I do the wiggle, man
Yeah
I’m sexy and I know it (ayy, yeah)

Girl, look at that body
Girl, look at that body
Girl look at that body
I-I-I work out

Girl, look at that body
Girl, look at that body
Girl, look at that body
I-I-I work out, out, out

I’m sexy and I know it


His face glows on each television screen to the live audience members, who reside at their home or inside one of the free hotel rooms here within the South Beach Colony. Hico points to the side wall, shouting with a grin. “This side wall contains the new and younger Rider dance team, who will take on the older and ancient outlawed Bandit dance team that stands on the opposite side.”
In front of the wall of television screens, on the Bandit side, McCamy stands beside his girl Tulu.
Tulu shuffles the row of double leather belts off her waistline and then poses them down each one of her arms and over each one of her collar bones.
McCamy leans over and gently kisses her sweet smelling honeysuckle fragrance hair roots, pulling back and then leans down, seeing her red swollen face of worry. He softly states, “Muffin, morph your clothing into a thick leather jacket, like Taffy had worn. Do you recall Taffy’s red colored leather? Taffy wore a long jacket that covered her upper body going down to her kneecaps. And then morph a pair of tall flat boots over your cute toes.”
Tulu closes her two eyelashes gleaming with her wet tears, sniffing up the running two lines of clear wet snot, clearing her worried mind. She mentally performs the think object: leather jacket, trousers, flat boots.
Her frilly pink blouse with the vertical belts down to each waist bone instantly transforms into a thick pink leather jacket with a white-tinted wide strap. Her mint green ruffled skirt converts into a pair of long leather trousers protecting her two legs underneath a pair of tall black tinted riding boots.
McCamy grins with satisfaction at her new armor saying with a soft voice. “Now, do you see the thick white strip going here each one of your arms?”
Tulu nods in silence. He laughs then states. “Think object: tiny sharp points. Create a line of sharp tips like an arrow tip down on top of each white strap that goes down to each one of her cute wrist bones. The strap will not cover your smaller arm prosthetic. That’s okay! You hold your true metal arm in the air. If a Rider happens to approach you, then you slap him in the arm or the face or the chest. He’ll receive a stunned reaction, muffin. Then I’ll swing around and punch his eyeballs back into his rear bone skull, for you, darling!” McCamy laughs with the vivid mental image.
She closes her two eyelashes as she mentally performs the think object: arrow tips. She opens her eyelashes seeing a row of sharp points on each arm, reaching out, tenderly touching one with tips. Her finger bleeds in her own red blood.
He reaches over and gently touches one of the sharp points, feeling the prick without drawing his own blood proteins. He nods with a smile. “Good job, muffin! I want you to protect yourself…”
“McCamy!” She softly states then starts to sob with her tears of fear. She has washed away all the bite-nats makeup, after witnessing Taffy jumping off the flat cliff, heading down into the fissure cavern to retrieve the paint cans of bite-nats for Dictator Hico. Now, Tulu has been left behind by Taffy and has to fight against the big, tall, ugly, and nasty Rider team members.
“Shhh, muffin!” He softly says then leans down tenderly kissing her sweaty forehead, pulling back with a smile. “I ain’t going to allow anyone to harm you, muffin. I promise.” He crosses his finger over his invisible heart, on the left-side of his chest cavity nodding with his arrogant confidence.
She sees the loving act and then smiles but feels less confidence in her fight duties tonight.
He smiles. “But, by chance, if a Rider draws near you, you reach out and punch him using the side of your leg or your arm holding the sharp points, like an array of arrow tips. Do you understand me, muffin?” She nods in silence and as her throat is too tight to talk.
He states with his sweet tone. “Okay, muffin! Depress all your sharp tips back down into your strap, so I can give you a great big hug of my love.” Tulu grins and then mentally makes each sharp point disappear off the white stripe laying on each one of her arms and legs. McCamy leans over and cuddles her, closing his two eyelids, swiftly praying for one divine heavenly miracle from the Prime Creator while ignoring the musical song and the human words in the air waves.
In front of the entrance wall, Hico slides down off the high chair, moves ahead, then stop standing in the middle of the platform, a few feet away the exposed pit on the fiery fissure, waving his free arm in the air to the audience members and the team members. He shouts into the microphone. “Captain of each dance team, please, come up and approach me here, almost too close to the fiery fissure pit, which is uncovered and deadly, as a matter of fact,” he laughs with an evil tone. “This is a formal greet and meet session, before we start the new Huntress and Hunter Games.”
In front of the red wall with the embedded rows of active television screen, showing the face of Hico, on the Bandit side, Hixson smiles and stares at Hico as a single floating red-tinted butterfly lands on top of his collar bone. He shouts out loud and shrugs his collar bone slowly strutting ahead, sneering at Hico. He announces to the new team of Bandits, “Well, I am guessing here that I’m the captain of the new Bandit team.” The butterfly flutters in flight and then lifts upwards from his collar bone floating towards the starry skyline, hunting for a food and a place to sleep.
McCamy reaches down and tenderly kisses her wet lips, pulling back with a smile, removing one of the two arm prosthetics and hands the weapon to Tulu. He does not mind sacrificing the second metal weapon, for his battle fight usage. The heavy item restraints his swift arm movements and as he still wears his own brass-plated arm prosthetic. Tulu accepts the metal arm in silence, covering her left arm, nodding in silence to McCamy, that she’s ready for the fight too.
 McCamy spins around, shuffles ahead, and pulls up beside Hixson leaning over and says a smile to his friend. “I’ll coming with you, Hixson. I wanna greet and meet the captain of the Rider team, also, using my nice South Beach table manners.”
Hixson says with a puzzled brow and studies all the Riders. “We don’t have a set of nice table manners here in South Beach.”
McCamy says studying the line of Riders, also, “O! I must quickly develop some nasty table manners, really fast then.” He laughs with an evil tone along with Hixson.
Hico continues to stand in place turning to observe each advancing dancer, watching for any trouble or troublemakers.
South Beach Bandit Hixson sneers at the row of Riders then states with his stern face. “This all ain’t fair here! We lose our two best team fighters in Baycliff and Rusk which downs us to five teens against seven healthy Riders. The three females look more like a boy with a head of stringy long ugly bite-nats hair which makes me worry about your girl Tulu, McCamy.”
McCamy says with a nasty timber, “Don’t worry about my girl Tulu! No one touches my girl! Exclamation point! Exclamation point! Exclamation point!” He sneers then smirks with his new plan of upcoming deadly action.
Hixson turns to see the entrance wall and stares at Amita. Amita stands beside open archway fiddling with the mini-television devise, not participating in the fight. Hixson states with puzzlement. “Amita doesn’t look ready to fight either.”
McCamy smiles and stares at the line of three Riders saying with a calm timber. “If Hico follows the rules of good sportsmanship, you get to shake the extended hand on Captain Rider. Allow me to do that honor for you, bro!”
Hixson returns and sneers at the line of three Riders then states. “Go for it, hoss! I don’t want to shake his hand but shake his skull and then rip it off his body and toss it down into the fissure pit, along with his six feet and three inched headless body. At least, then the number of our enemies will be a little more even, for a fair fight, against five Bandit contenders.”
Hixson and McCamy stop, at the same time, and then snarl at the line of three Riders, who present, in both tallness and muscles a physical format equal to the two South Beach teens, when the three Riders are compared with the standing two Bandit males.
Hico waves his arm in the air and states into the microphone wearing a smile, “Gentlemen…”
One of the Riders turns and sneers at Hico singing in baritone timber, “I’m a girl.”
Hico turns and gasps at the female teen, who present thick facial hair. He states and nods with his stern face, “I am so sorry, Miss Rider. Please, excuse my stupidity!” He turns and nods to each team member, “Lady Rider and gentlemen, I would like to thank each one of you for coming to this grand meeting of the first ever Huntress and Huntress Games. And as in any past American professional sporting event, the two opposing teams offer a slight gesture of friendship by exchanging a handshake. Please, extend your arm and shake the hand on each captain, in the name of honor and friendship.”
Within the line of three Riders, a male Lion, a male Clown, and a female Elephant stands and snarls at both Hixson and McCamy.
Leader of the Rider team, Lion narrows his pair of tawny eyespots at McCamy and then Hixson first then slowly back steps away from his two team members, then stops. He crosses his arms over his fake bite-nats lion fur, which is embedded with rows of bright blue-tinted razor sharp tips. He growls at the two Bandits then states with a nasty timber. “I am the elected captain of the new Rider team. But I be damned, if I ever shake the hand on an outlaw Bandit. Period!”
The first alternative winner, within the Showcase Event was the Circus exhibition, composed of true Riders, from the North Ridge Mountain Colony. Each Rider team member is painted in a colorful bite-nats costume.
The captain and first dancer wears a nifty creation imitating a brown-tinted male Lion with blue-tinted razor tips all over his body, instead of soft fur hair stands.
The second dancer has created a silly red, green, blue, and yellow male Clown with rows of black-tinted hand clubs.
The third dancer is an oversized pink-tinted Elephant female with rows of embedded spikes even on her pair of cute ear flaps.
The other four members of the new Rider team stand and dances on the opposite wall tossing an array of nasty hand signals, sounding with vile snorts, and loud sneers at the two captains of the Bandit team and their team mates.
The fourth dancer displays a fat-sized, black-tinted Bearded Man with a long sword in each cupped hand.
The fifth dancer appears as a tall, muscular Fat Lady wearing a bright red-tinted short dress with embedded row of long sharp knives.
The sixth dancer is a petite female Trapeze Artist holding a pair of fire batons in each cupped hand.
The last or the seventh dancer presents a solid white female Tigress with her hands, her feet, and her open mouth filled with sharp fangs.
In front of Hixson and McCamy, the Rider team member steps forward, then stops, and slowly extends his silly yellow-tinted gloved hand towards McCamy, wearing a silly red colored nose on his bite-nats Clown face mask. His white-painted face displays and exaggerates his pair of pink-tinted lips, a black circle around each one of his eye sockets, a dark blue jester cap protecting his hair roots. His body armor is covered in alternating green and orange vertical strips, which is covered in rows of tiny sharp daggers that stick outwards harming or maiming or killing an advancing enemy. He wears a pair of oversized purple-tinted clown shoes with flash blade tip to stab or kill another advancing enemy.
Hico turns and frowns at the bite-nats Clown costume on the Rider teen, ordering with a stern tone. “Suck in all of your deadly dagger tips and sharp claws, Clown! This is a time of a friendly greet and meet.”
Clown stands in place and drops his arm against his leg and closes both of his two eyelids, mentally performing the think object: no daggers and claws. His body armor returns back into smooth bite-nats colorful dried paint on the fake clothes. He opens his two eyelids and smiles at McCamy, leaning over, extending his silly bite-nats yellow painted glove.
Hico turns and smiles at the nose profile on Hixson stating with a firm tone. “Shake the boy’s hand, now, Bandit.”
McCamy swiftly steps forward and shuffles away from Hixson sounding with a soft sneer and reaches out, grabbing his extended gloved hand, on his left arm to the clown. Then he quickly jerks the Clown’s body into his growling lips and rears back his arm prosthetic launching forward and then punches his metal fist directly into the colorful cheekbone on Clown. The metal fist touches his side temple, his cheekbone, his left nostril, both of his parted lips, and his jaw line on the Clown face producing a spray of red tinted blood proteins in the air, before hitting the ground, and as McCamy quickly releases the gloved hand on Clown and rapidly back steps from the fool, watching the show, without speaking a word or a chuckle.
Clown rapidly stumbles away from McCamy and then veers sideways heading towards Hico, wiggling sideways within his dizzy headache.
Hico gasps in shock and then quickly back steps away from the falling teen Rider inside that silly Clown costume.
Lion gasps in shock and dashes ahead, leaning down, trying to capture his Rider friend and misses. Clown slaps down hard creating a heavy thump landing on top of the hardy wooden planks, wearing an open mouth of draining blood proteins and as his drifting his active mind floods down into a state of unconsciousness. His face is bloody and torn from the metal fist.
Hixson jabs his finger and nods several times, staring down at the unconscious Clown, laughing out loud, without spitting out any words.
McCamy reacts more quickly from the deadly incident and reaches over shoving his metal arm into the upright body on a stunned pink-tinted Elephant, who continues to stand in place a few feet away from the flat lip on an open fissure pit, staring down in shock at her friend Rider friend, who is still unconscious and dressed as a silly Clown.
McCamy violently shoves the tall Rider female backwards heading towards the open pit, within the new wooden floor. The tall and muscular Rider female is covered in a set of heavy body armor wearing rows and rows of embedded spikes, including on her two oversized, flapping elephant ear flaps. She slowly tumbles backwards in slow-motion and lifts both of her arms in the air then rotating both of her hands to balance her twisting feet or her contorting body, without success, falling backwards down inside the open pit. She screams out loud in fear, fright and worry. A plume of heated white-tinted steam and a tall fireball in the colors of pretty blue and yellow emerge up from the fissure pit slowly drifting up towards the heavens.
Thus, the injured body on the poor Rider female is burning alive within the fire flames, without help or mercy, coming from her Rider friends or her Bandit enemies or Hico or his nasty band of guards.
On top of the wooden planks, Lion slides down and cuddles his Rider friend, who is dressed, like a Clown, reaching down, touching each developing blue-tinted bruise and red-tinted skin cut on his face tissue. Lion gasps in shock then looks up, sounding with a sneer, saying to McCamy. “This is real…”
“…really good…” Hico comments and chuckles into his microphone with his happy amusement, slowly back stepping from the vicious two Bandit team members. “We will forget honor and friendship and play with a nasty attitude and a winning greed.”
Hixson spins around still laughing at McCamy’s attack surprise and lifts his arm in the air, performing a high-five with McCamy’s hand, hearing the sweet slap of man sweat. He shouts with a sweet smile and drops his hand, slapping his leg, “Even now!” They start to laugh at the small victory against their band of evil foes.
Hico points at the back spine on each Bandit, shouting into the microphone. “Congratulations to the Bandit team for the first strike of the heated evening within the new Huntress and Hunter Games. Please, move back to your own dugouts, gentlemen. Go back to your own side, Lion!” He stands and watches for any vile action coming from either team.
Hixson and McCamy slowly spin around together from Hico and Lion while still laughing and hooting with their first victory over the Rider team members, moving ahead and lift up an individual arm, performing a high-five, then a low-five, and finally a fist bump while slowly moving back to both Tulu and Pemona.
On top of the wooden platform, Rider Leader Lion releases his unconscious team member. Clown plops back down hard on top of the wooden planks. Lion slowly stands upright and sneers at the two Bandits and slowly back steps from the fissure pit and Director Hico, feeling his fighting fury. He jabs his furry finger at the back spine on McCamy, shouting in panic. “It’s real! His arm weapon is real, not bite-nats paint! Did you hear me complain to you, Hico? What kind of dance competition is this here, Hico?”
“A fighting one,” Hico shouts out loud and spins around with laughter, moving back to the row of three chairs, that contains his two business associates Vovina and Kodare.
Lion stops, colliding into one of his dancers then stands in front of the side wall, spinning around and shares his new information with the other five Riders first. Then the dancers twirl around and sound with a loud sneer at the semi-crooked line of South Beach Bandits, who stand on the opposite side of the dance platform.
On the opposite side, Hixson and McCamy stop and huddle with Pemona and Tulu, receiving a set of girly hugs and kisses from that brilliant kill move, which has eliminated two Rider team members.
McCamy grabs Tulu and moves sideways hugging her, whispering into her face. “Muffin, you stand behind my back spine and reach out with both of your small hands and hang onto my belt hoops. I have modified my belt loop bite-nats paint which can hold both of your tiny hands behind me.” He swings around to show her the new bite-nats creation. A set of two individual handlers protrude from his rear belt, like a set of oversized rings. He spins back around to face her and then smiles. “Do you see your two hand rings, muffin?” She nods in silence. He leans down and kisses her lips, pulling back with a smile. “You stay behind me, the entire time, during the fight. I’ll do the fighting. You run side to side and stay out of my way. Rusk, Taffy, and Baycliff are hurrying to find these cans of paint and will be back here, soonest.” She nods then starts to sob producing her rolling wet tears, feeling her worries again.
He hugs her and exhales with worry, too, whispering over her hair roots with his personal fight instructions. “Rotate your pretty feet around the wooden planks as I twirl and twist around each one of these ugly and mean Riders. I promise, muffin! I will kill each one, before one reaches you,” he pulls back and stares at her. “Do you believe me, Tulu?”
“McCamy.” She softly talks and performs a single nod still producing more of her heated tears, hugging him again, and feels both her fright and fear. He squeezes her tight in both his love and his protection leaning down, kissing her sweet-smelling, honeysuckle fragrance on her hair roots.
In front of the entrance wall, Hico sits in the first high stool chair and yells into the microphone to the live audience viewers. “You will see the entirety of the new Huntress and Hunter Games, right here, until the opposing players are all dead and not buried. Start the new musical song! Begin the game!”
The musical song Bad performed by American musical superstar artist and dancer Michael Jackson, in the year 1983, coming from his album entitled Thriller. The song was produced by Quiney Jones. The songwriters were Michael Joe Jackson; Dallas Austin, Rene Moore, and Bruce F. Swedien.
Musical artist Michael Jackson explained the theme of the song comes from a real story, about a young teen trying to escape a poverty environment by attending a private school but was killed dead, when he returned to his home that resides within a dangerous community.


Your butt is mine
Gonna tell you right
Just show your face
In broad daylight
I’m telling you
On how I feel
Gonna hurt your mind
Don’t shoot to kill
Shamone, Shamone
Lay it on me
All right

I’m giving you
On count of three
To show your stuff
Or let it be
I’m telling you
Just watch your mouth
I know your game
What you’re about

Well, they say the sky’s the limit
And to me that’s really true
But my friend you have seen nothing
Just wait, until I get through

Because, I’m bad. I’m bad. Shamone
(Bad, bad, really, really bad)
You know, I’m bad. I’m bad. You know it
(Bad, bad, really, really bad)
You know, I’m bad. I’m bad. Shamone.
You know
(Bad, bad, really, really bad)
And the whole world has to answer right now
Just to tell you once again, who’s bad?

The word is out
You’re doing wrong
Gonna lock you up
Before too long
Your lying eyes
Gonna tell you right
So, listen up
Don’t make a fight
Your talk is cheap
You’re not a man
You’re throwing stones
To hide your hands

But they say, the sky’s the limit
And, to me, that’s really true
But my friend, you have seen nothing
Just wait, until I get through

Because, I’m bad. I’m bad. Shamone
(Bad, bad, really, really bad)
You know, I'm bad. I’m bad. You know it
(Bad, bad, really, really bad)
You know, I'm bad. I'm bad.
You know it; you know
(Bad, bad, really, really bad)
And the whole world has to answer right now
Just to tell you once, again, who’s bad?

We can change the world tomorrow
This could be a better place
If you don’t like what I’m saying
Then won’t you slap my face

Because, I’m bad. I’m bad. Shamone.
(Bad, bad, really, really bad)
You know, I'm bad. I’m bad. You know it
(Bad, bad, really, really bad)
You know, I’m bad. I'm bad.
You know it; you know
(Bad, bad, really, really bad)
And the whole world has to answer right now
Just to tell you once again

You know, I’m bad. I’m bad. Shamone
(Bad, bad, really, really bad)
You know, I’m bad. I’m bad.
You know it; you know it
(Bad, bad, really, really bad)
You know, you know, you know, come on
(Bad, bad, really, really bad)
And the whole world has to answer right now
(And the whole world has to answer right now)
Just to tell you
(Just to tell you once again)

You know, I’m smooth. I’m bad. You know it
(Bad, bad, really, really bad)
You know, I’m bad. I’m bad, baby
(Bad, bad, really, really bad)
You know, you know, you know it, come on
(Bad, bad, really, really bad)
And the whole world has to answer right now
(And the whole world has to answer right now
Just to tell you once again)

You know, I’m bad. I’m bad. You know it
(Bad, bad, really, really bad)
You know, I’m bad. You know
(Bad, bad, really, really bad)
You know, I’m bad. I’m bad. You know it; you know
(Bad, bad, really, really bad)
And the whole world has to answer right now
(And the whole world has to answer right now)
Just to tell you once, again, who’s bad?


In front of the side wall, McCamy stands upright and presents a fake smile. Tulu hands him back the second metal prosthetic and then scoots behind his back spine, reaching out, holding the two large soft rings on his belt using her two cupped hands. She starts to twirl her booted feet to the left and then to the right expressing her nervousness. McCamy slowly spins around and faces the opposite side wall replacing the second metal arm over his left arm and hand.
Amita continues to stand by the open archway, on the entrance wall, turning with a stern face and a happy hum, staring at flat rock platform then the bright skyline and finally to see Hico. She exhales with a puff of her boredom.
Hixson quickly sidesteps spreading math distance away from his team mates, wearing a puzzled brow, standing in front of the side wall and near McCamy. Pemona scoots and stands a few feet away Hixson holding her new bite-nats weapon while mentally readying for the battle fight.
Hixson turns and tosses his chin towards Amita, shouting back to McCamy. “Amita, ain’t she fist-fighting with us, on the Bandit team, tonight?”
McCamy adjusts the metal arm into position on his left arm and then flips his face to view Amita, yelling back with his new order. “Let her be! Get ready for the fight, Hixson!” He returns back and studies the line of five Riders, on the opposite wall, mentally working his fight strategy.
“I’m ready. And Kodare is mine, for the killing. Don’t harm him, McCamy!” Hixson orders turning to sneer at Kodare.
Kodare lounges inside the last tall high stool, spotting Hixson. Hixson lifts his fighting fist upwards to Kodare. Kodare laughs with delight and watches the new death match.
McCamy growls then replies. “No prob! Watch Pemona for me as a favor to Rusk!”
Hixson returns back and studies the same line of Riders, also, shouting back, “Done! Let’s go and kick us some Rider fanny, so I can go and whip the butthole on Hico, before my daddy shows and I embarrass him, for not doing my cowboy duty.” He chuckles along with McCamy.
“Muffin!” McCamy calls out loud then presents a stern face and as he feels her cupped hand on each one of his belt loops and her tiny fingers sometimes touch then tickle his back spine. Sometimes, some of the pointy arrow tips on her leather jacket sleeve, on her left arm, cuts into his delicate back muscles, too, but he doesn’t mind as his body is alive and his mind is active.
“Here!” Tulu cracks with her meek voice, expressing her fright.
“Okay, muffin! You just keep calling out loud, so I know that you’re behind me. I love you, Tulu!” McCamy shouts out loud then exhales with his worries for his brother, his four friends, and his love for his girl.
“I love you, McCamy!” Tulu softly words then sobs with her fears and worries and love.
Hixson hears the sweet exchange between manly McCamy and his sweet girl and as he stares at the Rider line then chuckles with amusement, stating with a sweet smile, “Ah, precious!”
McCamy growls then says with a nasty tone. “Shut it, Hixson! Before I whip your ass first as my eyeballs encounter a line of advancing Riders, that I wanna beat black and blue to relieve all of my penned up rage and anger and fury and madness,” he turns and mouth spits his salvia on top the wooden planks, returning back and studies each Rider.
Hixson reaches down and strokes the real brass-plated arm prosthetic, like a dog, chuckling with his amusement.
On the entrance wall, Hico continues to sit and smiles then voices into the microphone, “Ready! Set! Die!”
The line of five Riders swiftly charge ahead moving away from their side wall of sawn logs, rapidly dashing ahead towards the four fighting Bandits. Then each one scatters out and forms into three separate sub-teams.
The line of Bandits paces a few feet ahead moving away from their side wall into the middle of the dance platform.
The petite Rider Traipse Artist laughs and targets Bandit Pemona.
Two Rider females dash ahead towards Bandit Hixson.
Two Rider males race ahead towards Bandit McCamy.
Pemona morphs her elegantly fashion parasol into a steel white-tinted lead pipe. holding in her left hand. She guards her body using her right-side fighting arm, displaying the true silver-coated metal prosthetic arm.
Traipse Artist twirls a pair of twelve-inched ropes ending with an individual fiery fireball made from a dead coral snake skull, releasing both ropes in the air, flying directly towards the chest on Pemona.
Pemona quickly back steps from the pair of twirling ropes and then angles her prosthetic arm at a 45 Degree angle as each orange skull approaches the metal weapon. She morphs the lead pipe back into the parasol, hooking onto her wrist bone, pressing the button. One of the flaps on her metal arm swiftly lift ups and then sprays out a stream of fresh water hitting each fireball and then dissolves each snake head back into pink bite-nats paint. The two snake heads drop down and rest on top of the wooden planks. She yells out loud with victory, “Surprise, witch!”
Trapeze Artist continues to stand in place and draws back both of her orange tinted hands. “You’re dead, cowgirl.”
Pemona yells back and smiles. “Do you promise, witch?”
Trapeze Artist produces a pair of orange tinted flash blades in both of her cupped palms, striking each fast blade at the exposed chest on Pemona. Pemona lifts up and blocks with her metal arm against the two flash blades sounding with a set of loud tings. She quickly morphs her parasol back into the lead pipe and swings the weapon in the opposite direction connecting at the pale-tinted cheekbone, on the Rider. Rider’s face bleeds during in their hand-to-toe combat to the death.
Hixson stands in place and studies the two Rider females. Each female departs from each other and then dashes ahead while trying to surround Hixson. Each female stands at five feet and eleven inches in height, which is almost equal to his six feet tallness; but they both lack the manly weight and the muscular strength on a South Beach redneck. Hixson chuckles at each girl then yells to each girl. “My mama taught me not to hit a girl.”
Tigress wears a white-tinted tiger mask and a set of sharp pointy fur spikes sneering first then yells to Hixson. “Your mama sucks on a box of rotten eggs.”
Hixson cocks his chin at Tigress then states with a nasty tone. “But, on the other hand, my mama taught me to defend the honor of all innocent people, bitch. And that honor does not include you, girly.”
Fat Lady approaches from the Hixson’s blind side and then tosses her upright body with sharp knives on her bite-nats suit into the left-sided rib cage on Bandit Hixson. He bends both of his kneecaps and swiftly flips his folded body backwards in the air landing down on his two open palms, kicking both of his leather-booted feet into her exposed chest.
Fat Lady quickly stumbles backwards from the brutal impact of Hixson’s booted heels, tumbling towards her team mate Tigress. Tigress swiftly dashes sideways avoiding the body collision with her team mate Fat Lady then quickly corrects her advancing approach to viciously attack Bandit Hixson.
Bandit Hixson grabs Tigress with both of his naked hands intertwining his ten fingers around her furry bite-nats throat without the spikes. She chokes and as he yells, “Dang it, bitch! You’re good, girl; but I’m better, doll!” He spins her body around several times in a completed circle and then releases her dizzy skull. Her body flies backwards and then slams back an upright Fat Lady. They quickly travel backwards falling down then tumble over each other’s twisted body, creating a tangled web of long limbs.
Tigress parts from her fellow dance then swiftly stands without detangling her legs within the twisted body parts on her team mate Fat Lady. Tigress loses her upright balance on top of the uneven planks quickly stumbling backwards and then reaches out wrapping both of her arms around an upright unbalanced Fat Lady. They both perform an elegant twirl in a set of new dance steps over the invisible air waves, swiftly dropping down into the deep fissure pit, plummeting their bodies down into the fire. Their injured and living bodies create a high cloud of heated white steam, flying up in the air waves. The cloud slowly drifts up towards the heavens, without beating, the two nasty girly Souls into the heavenly realm. The two Souls, now, will have their meeting with the Prime Creator to discuss their nasty behavior while living here on Planet Earth.
Back on Planet Earth, in the South Beach Colony, on top of the new dance floor, Bandit Hixson trots to the edge, stops, then leans over the pit lip, laughing out loud while looking down into the deep colorful fissure pit. He yells, “Is it hot enough down there, sugar cubes?” He back steps with laughter and then spins around, staring at Kodare, turning a face to see McCamy. McCamy is fighting against two Riders. Hixson shouts out loud to his friend, “McCamy!”
“No!” McCamy shouts back that he does not need any assistance here. He continues to dance in place while protecting his girl Tulu from the two nasty Riders.
Hixson continues to stand and chuckles at the back spine on his childhood friend. McCamy is going to kill both Rider males using his bare hands, like the fictious role character Austin Berrington, while protecting his girl Tulu, without any type of Bandit aid.
Hixson twirls around and faces Kodare dashing ahead, laughing out loud.
Further down on the entrance wall with the embedded rows of active glass-coated television screens, McCamy crouches down at his kneecaps as he carefully watches the two Rider males.
The two Riders part from the middle and then approach fast at the blind side of McCamy’s head. McCamy continues to feel each tug from Tulu’s tiny hands on each one of his belt hoops while hearing the tiny taps of her two boot heels against the wooden planks.
Lion has seen and learned of the Bandit’s secret weapon, a true piece of hard metal, in the format of an arm prosthetic as he hesitates, before carefully advancing towards McCamy.
But the other Rider doesn’t seem to possess that given knowledge as freaky Bearded Man from the circus of yesteryears dangles numerous rows of sharp razors made from dead squirrel bodies and painted with bite-nats. Each long sharp razor hangs from his chin down to his exposed belly button.
McCamy opens the tiny compartments on his metal arm hearing the mechanics of the tiny motors built into the metal rotate in the air, feeling the heated water stored inside the deep brass pouches and seeing the Rider approach. He grunts holding back his illegal surprise.
Bearded Man charges at McCamy and then jumps backwards twirling his twin shiny blood red flash blades in each cupped hand laughing at the Bandit. McCamy dances sideways while patiently waiting and hears the tiny taps on Tulu’s boot soles behind him.
Lion narrows his two painted tawny colored eyespots as he focuses on a petite Bandit Tulu behind McCamy’s back spine. McCamy slices his eyeballs to the left then to the right for a surprise attack while noting Lion has discovered a non-fighting and protected petite Tulu. McCamy growls, like a wounded animal, who protects her young.
Bearded Man lungs at McCamy’s left-side. McCamy draws his prosthetic arm upright protecting his face from the whirling two flash blades and zinging razored beard, slamming his brass arm through the razors. The heated steam from all the open compartments quickly dissolves the bite-nats on each dead squirrel body as the dead animals appear in funny colors then travel by physics gravity down on top of the wooden planks.
McCamy plows both rage and anger into the two metal pieces as the two prosthetic arms cover the air waves then slice all the tiny mechanics rotating blades into Rider’s skin-coated chin and his two nostrils. The metal pieces breaks the flesh nose and blackens two eye sockets on Bearded Man.
Lion swiftly attacks reaching out his wiggling five finger pads for Tulu as she activates her arrow tips along her right-side arm into Lion’s naked hand. Lion roars in pain, after slamming his naked finger pads into all the creative bite-nats sharp needles. McCamy swirls around to his right-side growling at an injured Lion Then he charges swinging both of his metal arms at the Rider. Lion swiftly back steps still yelling in pain, stopping in the middle of the dance floor, for his personal body safety.
One by one the swarm of colorful butterflies cover her cute sideways mini-hat glowing in the pretty colors of red, yellow, and blue while Amita studies the glass screen on the new television devise playing with each knob. Vovina appears then reaches down painfully pinching the earlobe on a non-fighting Bandit Amita, scaring the group of insects.
Vovina, now, successfully gets Amita’s undivided attention. Amita looks up and sneers at Vovina. Vovina finger points with her manicured red-tinted finger nail at scattered pods of the fighting teens, ordering with her girly voice. “Get it there, right now, girlfriend! Go and fight with your kind and kin…”

At 09:53 p.m., inside the fiery fissure cavern, Baycliff stands in front of an open pathway and taps on his temple holding his smart brain cells, staring at each object in the distance. He states with a stern face, “But the knowledge exists here. Our fathers built this ziggurat, if I can use that ancient term using their brain cells and their Ancient World History books. In the foreign country of Mexico, eons ago, the ancient and dead Aztecs trucked up a center structure, which is still called a ziggurat. The ziggurat raises up high towards the heavens holding a once-per-month offering of a single sacrifice. Here! This is very similar to a flat construction of a ziggurat model leading us the single offering, bite-nats. So simple, but brilliant!” He points at the first gray-tinted granite statue. “Look at the size of the stones as far as your eyes can perceive.”
Taffy bites her bottom lip and studies each curved figure, saying with her stern face. “Frog is on the left. Beetle is on the right. Coiled snake is on the left. Lizard is on the right. Butterfly is on the right. Bird is on the left. Dog is on the left. Cat is on the right. Chicken is on the left. Hog is on the right. Horse is on the left. Cow is on the right. I can’t make out the other stones in the far distance.”
He points down the footpath to each rock statue saying with a smile. “Do you see the pattern? A frog, it crawls like a snake. A bird, it flies like a butterfly. The statues are getting bigger just like walking up a grand staircase towards the heavens, which goes towards the offering. The offering is the cans of bite-nats paint. And this is all symbolic of something else, that I can’t figure out for the moment, but I will. So, that means, there is a pattern to their madness.” He surveys the center on the footpath which slightly going up towards the ceiling and then goes back down over the hump. He looks down and studies the pink floor saying with a firm tone. “There’s a secret pathway here, which is hidden from our brain cells, but shown within our eyeballs.”
“I agree. Let’s hurry and find it!” She states with a stern face and jerks off her sports jacket, exposing her shirt, moving ahead and then stops standing on the side of the first statue. She drops down on top of the hard stone floor and dusts the pink ashes off the floor surface using the sports jacket. She states, “You hit upon a code of some type, when you mentioned, that a frog crawls, like a snake on the dirt, not flies, like a bird.”
He continues to stand and watches Taffy.
She cleans off the pink ashes then yells out loud with a smile. “I see the alphabetic letter C here on the floor surface, which is etched down onto the hard stone. The alphabetic letter C represents the word, crawl.”
“You’re awesome, Taffy!” He replies back with a smile jumping up from the floor, striking his fist in the air, and then lands back down on top of the floor by physics gravity. He dances around and smiles with his happiness.
She stands upright and dances sideway with her glee. Then they collide into each other spinning around in a happy circle and then stop, staring into each other eyeballs. 
He smiles then says. “Taffy…”
“Rusk!” She whispers.
He releases her and states with a nod. “I can read your mind. There’s not enough time to find and get Rusk to come here. I bet the northern cavern footpath circles move around and meets us somewhere here, based on the visual usage of the limestone figures. Each granite stone comes from the quarry pit probably located here inside the open cave. Rusk will find us. So, we look and find the paint first. Then we all go back and save McCamy.” He laughs out loud at his silly statement and scoots around Taffy slowly moving ahead towards the pink ashes on top of the floor. “The next statue is the bird. So, let’s go and try to find the alphabetic letter of F, for fly like a bird or a butterfly or a damn dragon.” He laughs along with Taffy.

At 10:01 p.m., during the first ever new Huntress and Hunter Games, on top of the un-even wooden planks, in front of the entrance wall, Superintendent Vovina slams her back spine into the rough wood sounding with a loud hiss, dodging the flying foot kick from an anger fighting Amita.
Amita stumbles forward whippings both of her arms in her chest, rotating her black-tinted bite-nats gloves with her exposed naked knuckles striking a sweaty, pink-tinted cheekbone on a snarling Vovina. Each female continues to fight melting off their lovely bite-nats makeup paint from their sweaty body.
Vovina swiftly ducks to the left avoiding the right hook from Amita. Amita flies her small folded fist and her pretty pale face into the rough tree bark, screaming in pain, slowly back stepping from the wall. She holds both of her hands in her bloody face crying in pain.
Vovina dances sideways and chuckles with delight spinning around to face Hico, tossing both of her combined pale-tinted and brown bite-nats painted skin naked arms in the air, whining with a sad face to her boss. “Come, over here, and help me, over here, Hico! This Bandit girl can really fight. I’m not a fighter; I’m a lover. Send Ant or Wasp or Flea or all of them over here to kill this Bandit, for me!” She drops her arms and points her ten manicured fingernails around the air waves.
Hico shifts his eyesight from the Bandit fight of teens and then views a whining Vovina, motioning with his hand to his guard Bumblebee. However, Bumblebee ignores the silent signal from his employer Hico and turns with a smile to see Vovina still standing against the entrance wall along with his two companions, Tick, and Flea.
The two other guards, Tick and Flea, stand in front of the entrance wall and direct point the cold barrel on their shotgun at a fighting McCamy, without watching the other fighting teens.
Lion does not bother to aid or help his dance mate, the grounded unconscious, bloody Bearded Man on top of the rough un-even planks.
McCamy slices his eyeballs to the left and to the right, noticing his friend Hixson.
Hixson is helping Pemona with the final elimination of that annoying petite-sized Rider Traipse Artist.
Amita is beating the red blood proteins from the pretty face and the slender body on Superintendent Vovina, for some strange reason.
McCamy chuckles then calls out loud her cute nickname, “Muffin!”
“Here!” Tulu echoes out her word, expressing her fears and worries.
“Get ready for round two!” McCamy warns then exhales with fury as he likes to fight each bad guy while protecting his girl.
On the entrance wall, the guard named Tick turns away from McCamy and then stares at the back spine on Bandit Hixson. The second guard Flea rubs his tired neck muscles and watches Lion, who plans a new fight strategy against Bandit McCamy without attending to the bloody injures on his Rider team mate.
McCamy charges ahead towards Lion hearing the tiny taps from Tulu’s two dancing boot heels, twirling behind his back spine. He holds both of his arms in the front of his face, for protection, staring then snarls at a stationary and dangerous Lion.
Hixson quietly appears and quickly approaches from the blind side on the petite-sized Trapeze Artist reaching out and touches jerking the rear neck muscles on the petite Rider and then spins the tiny girl in the air, so fast, that her feet actually levitates then leaves the dance floor surface. During the completed twirls, a tall and mean Hixson loudly yells down into her hair roots. “Give it up, before you get hurt, by me, sugar!”
“Naw!” Rider Trapeze Artist wears a partial dried and wet bloody face, after getting smashed by Pemona’s bite-nats lead pip and her metal arm.
Hixson continues his laughter then halts his twirls, holding the petite girl by her neck muscles. He leans down and mouth spits into her dizzy eyeballs saying with a nasty timber, “That’s my favored word, too, but you ain’t my favorite girl! Good bye, little lady Rider!” Hixson reaches over and grabs her wrist bone, twisting her limb sideways, jabbing her broken flash blade down into her heart organ.
The Rider Trapeze Artist dies with a scream of pain. He drops down the dead body on top of the wooden planks with a soft thump. He dashes ahead towards Pemona, who squats down on her kneecaps and leans against the side wall while breathing heavy.
He stops and squats down in front of Pemona, asking with a worried brow. “Are you hurt or cut or bleeding in pain, honey?”
She pants between her breathes then softly says, “No! I’ll sweating water from too much physical exercise. That Rider was tough for a little thing.” Pemona exhales with worry and wipes off her sweaty face.
Hixson says with a nod. “Sit still here, Pemona! Rusk’s coming back soonest with all the paint cans ending this silly game. You’re safe right here! I’ll be back in a moment!” He crawls backwards then spins around slowly standing upright from the planks, sounding with a sneer. He swirls around to see Kodare then starts to chuckle slowly advancing ahead, ripping off the tee shirt and exposes two individual vertical lines made of pale blue bite-nats paint. He mentally performs the think object: flash blades. A flash blade weapon swiftly materializes on his chest. He reaches up and grabs an individual weapon with a cupped hand starting to laugh, staring at a nervous Kodare.
In front of the entrance wall, Bumblebee stands a few feet away from the wall and cradles his shotgun watching a television screen, ignoring Amita and Vovina, who continue to fight and rip off each other’s natural hair strands.
Amita dashes ahead and slams into the back spine on Vovina, who watches Hico. Amita grabs one of Vovina’s waving arms then twirls Vovina around to see her snarling face. Amita swiftly shoves Vovina into the rough wood. Vovina immediately repels off the wooden wall structure then spins around facing Amita and grows into her face.
Amita rears back and belts her folded naked fist into the right-sided eye socket on Vovina. The hairy rear skull on Vovina hits the hard cut logs and as her body slowly drops down against all the protruded knots on each sawn log, cutting her back spine, falling into a state of semi-conscious. She sits her ass on top of the uneven wooden planks wearing a dizzy mind and a pair of blurry eyeballs while softly grunting in pain.
Amita charges ahead and then squats down while visually examining a semi-conscious but healthy Vovina, without harming the woman, slowly leaning into the two closed eyelashes on Vovina. Her bony kneecap slams into a hard object then pulls backwards squatting in stillness. She leans over and reaches down touches the outline of a lady hand gun tied by a satin ribbon onto the ankle bone on Vovina. Amita lifts up the hemline on the bite-nats dress and unties Vovina’s weapon, watching it drop down in the thick fabric, on the ball gown.
Amita reaches out and pushes the gun over the smooth fabric upwards and then forward to the upright bone skull on Vovina, gently touching the pearl handle, feeling the cool metal on her hand that fits perfectly into her smaller palm and around her five long slender fingers.
Amita stops the gun and points the tiny cold barrel down into the left breast on Vovina, positioning at the invisible heart organ, covering the shiny silver with the rows of yellow ruffles on Vovina’s dress.
Bumblebee continues to stand in place and cradles his shotgun while watching the row of television screens, where both the Bandits and Riders continue to fight. He frowns with annoyance at the dull fight then yells at the players. “Fight fair or not at all!”
Hixson appears and stands beside Bumblebee displaying his flash blade, cutting the exposed pale-tinted throat muscles on Bumblebee.
Bumblebee gasps his last breath of life and then tumbles backward from the pain, landing down on his back spine, and presses his finger on the trigger of his upright shotgun. The shell launches in air creating a loud boom sound and as Amita pulls the tiny trigger with her index finger on the lady hand gun, at the same time, sending out a loud pop that corresponds with the loud sound from the dropped shotgun.
Vovina opens her two eyelashes in shock and then gasps her last breath, ending her life force. Her Soul quickly ascends into heaven and as her bio-shell shits all over the floor and starts to immediately decay in stinky odors.
Amita smiles down at the smiling face on a dead Vovina. The tiny bullet had stopped the pumping heart organ on the old woman. Each open eyeball on Vovina stares up into the starry skyline, maybe, seeing her invisible Soul travel up and into the heaven realm, if you believe in that kind of divine stuff.
Amita looks up and then turns to smile at the back spine on her childhood friend Hixson. Hixson murdered Bumblebee for Amita. Hixson back steps from the dead body then looks up viewing Kodare.
Amita returns back to see the still face on a dead Vovina patting the gown, finding two new bullets. Each bullet is tied onto the other ankle bone on a dead Vovina. She glides each bullet down an empty chamber on her new lady gun and then slides the gun down into her bite-nats purse, slowly standing upright, shouldering her purse. She continues to stare down at a dead Vovina and then looks up seeing the back spine on Hixson.
Hixson races ahead towards the line of three tall stools and twirls his flash blade in his cupped hand and totes the loaded shotgun in the other hand towards Kodare, who continues to stare at the Bandits and Riders fight occurring in the idle of the dance platform.
Amita slowly crawls backwards and then stops resuming her sitting pose, at the end of the entrance wall, picking up the warm television devise and fiddles with each manual control while giggling with her second victory.

At 10:16 p.m., inside the fiery fusion cavern, Baycliff squats down on top of the newly cleaned stone floor reading out loud each exposed and gigantic alphabetic letter on top of each slab from the left to the right, “I see the alphabetic letters of P, M, D, F, C, and Z. The correct stone to step upon next is the alphabetic letter of M, for man’s best friend, the rock status of a dog.”
“No, Baycliff! The alphabetic letter of P on top of the flat stone represents a pet. A dog and cat used to represent a family pet…”
“Naw, Taffy! A long time ago, a family pet was used for working with man and making a man their friend.”
“No, Baycliff! Go ahead and press the alphabetic letter of P with both of your hands.”
“Naw, Taffy!” He states with a confused brow. She reaches out for the stone exhibiting a gigantic alphabetic letter of P. He leans over and yanks Taffy back into his chest exhaling in worry.
She struggles to escape within his arms and yells out her disapproval. “We don’t have time for a debating session. Then you come over here and slap down at the alphabetic letter of P on the stone, Baycliff.”
“If you are wrong…”
“I ain’t wrong, buddy! I’m been right, so far!” She states then smiles.
He releases Taffy. She stands in place exhaling with nervousness too and then slowly pads ahead.
Baycliff slowly scoots and stays closes to her back spine. They both slowly advance ahead on top of the smooth cool-feeling stone floor. He wears a worried brow then glances back over his collar bone at the first rock statue, saying with a stern tone. “We have only traveled forty feet ahead from the entrance point,” he returns back to see the top of the hump hill of stone and then exhales with more worry. “We have another one hundred feet to go moving passed a set of taller rock statues that contained the pressured searing heat. I can see an open curvy, stone-carved archway in the far distance.”
“We should make a run for it, like a criminal crook did in the olden days, within the ancient United States of America, when they had stolen something of value.” She states then laughs feeling her nervousness again.
He states with a stern face. “Naw, Taffy! The expanded heat will fry our feet, before reaching the stone-carved archway.”
She kicks out her borrowed cowboy boot hitting a pile of thin pink ashes on top of the floor and as each flake floats up and flies within the breezy air falling back down on top of the floor. She stands upright and slowly paces ahead saying with a smile. “Cowboy gear is tough and rough, like you, snot-hole.”
“No, Taffy!”
She states with her sour tone. “Okay! We don’t go and run and then press the alphabetic letter of P. What’s the wrong, with you, in here, Baycliff? This process is simple and easy. We go and press the alphabetic letter of P. If it is not the right one, then we go and press a new alphabetic letter, son.” Taffy giggles with her girly smile.
He turns and slowly surveys the long lines of tall hard rock statues, shaking his skull, saying with a stern face. “This place is a perfect, pretty good trap with a set of deadly consequences, like, when the police officers of Ancient Egyptians prevented a sneaky thief from robbing the pharaoh’s chamber of gold by creating a set of slick tricks that trapped and then killed each thief. We’re facing the same working theory, but it has been created by each one of our clever and brilliant fathers.”
She laughs then says with a smile. “I do believe that you ponder both scientific and historical concepts, too deeply, Baycliff. So, I’ll go and touch the stone.”
He leans over and cuddles her, saying with worry. “No, Taffy! I’ll go and do it. Please…”
“Please!” She states then gasps in shock, asking with a smile, “Why are you are so serious and all padding around in here, inside this cavern?”
He releases then back steps from her body pointing at each taller rock statue, saying with a serious tone. “Slip back and get out away from the ziggurat structure, while I go and touch the stone…”
“Ah saw!” She shouts and stomps her cowboy boot on top of the stone floor, saying with annoyance, “No, Baycliff! We’re a team here! The team does team things together. Period!”
“All right!” He states and slides sideways, cuddling her back spine, slowly moving ahead towards the targeted status. “We will advance ahead and then stop slapping the floor stone with the alphabetic letter of P, for the family pets.” They stop. He stands on the correct side near the statue then leans his leg over and stomps the movable stone plate on top of the floor. A plume of heated steam squirts out from each open mouth on both the dog and cat statues aiming the burning mist directly at the kneecaps on Baycliff. He yells out loud in a panic, “Wrong! Move back!”
He reaches out and shoves Taffy backwards out of the way and then spins around to escape the cloud of heated steam also. Baycliff views a new cloud of heated steam emitting from all the rear standing rock statues too that is going to hit Taffy.
He dashes ahead and grabs jerking Taffy, plopping her body over his collar bone, dancing through the clouds of heated steam. He leaps off the floor jumping the last three feet in the air waves, sailing both them out of the steam pockets then lands hard down on his kneecaps upon the smooth floor. He stops beyond the first curved rock statue.
He exhales with worry and leans his upper torso over the floor gently dropping a quite Taffy down on top of the hard floor. She sits on her kneecaps and faces the entrance wall. He whispers with worry into her cheekbone. “Honey bell…”
She does not move but continues to rest in the thin pile of pink ashes closing both of her two eyelashes closed shut, without viewing Baycliff.
He gasps in shock and gently probes her body for an injury yelling with worry. “Honey bell, are you okay, Taffy?”
She leans forward and cuddles into his chest, blinking both of her eyelashes with her wet tears of worry, softly saying into her eardrum. “What are we going to do, now, Baycliff?”
“Win!” He yells and continues to cuddle her looking back over his collar bone, studying the floor of pink ashes then rows of rock statues as the large cloud of white steam slowly dissipates and evaporates in the air waves. He states with a smile at an empty room. “Heat rises once it has been released into the atmosphere. Well, scientifically, the expanded heat is stretched outwards breaking down each molecule, so each hot molecule drift upwards and flies towards the ceiling or…” he reaches down and touches the pink ashes on top of the floor saying with a smile. “The limestone floor is cool right here, because our fathers have channeled both the heat and the water out from the fissure while creating this lovely amusement park, for any new stranger invading its lovely home,” he softly chuckles at the clever mind of his biological father then returns back seeing the entrance wall.
Taffy pulls back and wears a worried brow staring at him, asking her question, “How do you know so much about our father and their ancient laboratory work there in a dead and ancient city of Huntsville? My parents didn’t share that secret information with me.”
He wiggles from her warm hug. Taffy slowly stands upright without touching Baycliff and poses on top of the hard floor. Baycliff slowly stands upright and then spins around studying at the rows of rock statues, slowly moving ahead towards the first parallel row of statues. He says, “My father likes to talk about the good ancient and dead days of yesterday years. He is a former chemical engineer. So, he is able to funnel both the heat and the water into a deadly heated steamy weapon. Your father is a mechanical engineer. He is able to build each ditch lying underneath the solid limestone rock. I bet he had curved out each rock statue, for some fun or some type of vicious entertainment, for any visitor, including his own offspring. Ebro is a D.N.A. geneticist, who likes to mess around with a set of real life molecules. He actually was the genius mind that created the bite-nats paint, until the United States of America governmental leaders and law authorities came and stole the new experience from him and then they created...”
“…Dictator Hico...”
“Hico’s not one of our smart-ass brilliant fathers! But we are! So, both the steam mist and the heated particles coming from this fissure flows down into each underground tunnel and then channels up into each one of the little and then bigger limestone curved rocks. That flood creates a pathway to store and continued to gather the plumes of heated stream, which can be measured using a mechanical instrument or…or your hand.” He laughs out loud with amusement then wiggles all his fingers in the air. His other hand reaches out and grabs Taffy’s hand. Baycliff shuffles forward then stops. He releases her hand and drops down on top of the floor cringing in pain with his two bruised kneecaps, He says, “Let’s crawl over each stone plate and test my working theory.”
She drops down standing beside Baycliff and then looks over at his wound. His sports jacket contains a semi-circular ugly hole, where the searing heat dissolved the real fabric and then burnt his dark skin tissue. The wound is exposed, red-tinted, and swollen developing into a big burn blister. Taffy gasps in worry then softy states with a worried brow.  “You’re hurt, Baycliff.”
“I’ll heal.” He states and starts to crawl ahead on both his hands and his boot toes towards the first row of limestone rock statues that display a frog and a snake.
“You saved me, Baycliff.” She softy says and starts to crawl with him staring at his wound.
“I did.” He says then smiles at the row of rock statues. They stop and stand upright on their kneecaps in front of the first row of embedded stone movable flor slabs.
He reaches out and holds his flat palm over the first stone, for a few seconds, feeling the coolness, not the heat. He removes his hand and then nods with a smile, in silence, reaching over and holds his same hand over the parallel stone slab, retracking his hand. He sits back and states with a grin. “The two parallel stone slabs are stone cold dead. My father must have built a flap that releases all the trapped heat, after it has been expanded upwards, for a safety precaution, preserving the integrity of the precious earth mineral.”
She sits upright beside Baycliff and stares down at each movable stone slab, asking with puzzlement. “Why would your father do that?”
“For us, someone has to inherit this ziggurat structure while protecting the bite-nats paint cans from the evil villains. Believe it or not! No person or plant or pet lives forever!” He states with a smile then scratches his whiskers. “So, knowing my father, your father, and Ebro, the safety flaps cut off the heated steam plumes from here to where. We must have triggered it by pressing down on the wrong alphabetic letter. Therefore, our previous work has been saved. The stone slabs up to our mistaken are all stone cold dead. So, we don’t have to depress the same alphabetic letter or letters again, only walk backwards to the parallel row, with the cat and dog limestone rock statutes.”
“Okay,” she whispers with worry.
He leans over and hugs her, pulling back, turning to say with his stern face. “I can do this alone.”
She pulls back from his hug then stares at the new footpath, yelling with worry. “No! You and I will do this together.”
He slowly stands with a grunt of pain from his bruised kneecaps and the burnt wound on his arm leaning down, assisting Taffy to stand upright. They slowly move ahead and then halt in front of the parallel row holding the cat and the dog limestone rock statues and then kneel down.
Baycliff reaches over and holds his flat palm over the alphabetic letter of P feeling the cool air coming up from the stone slab. He states, “This stone slab feel of coolness near my hand. What do you think?”
Taffy reaches over and holds her flat palm over the same stone slab, saying with a stern face, “Yes, I agree. The stone feels cool, not hot. I thought, the stone was supposed to be heated. The stationary open mouth vessel etched onto the rock statue had produced a plume of heated steam that hit my body. Why isn’t the stone slab heated too, from the heated stream?”
“I’ll explain in a moment. Now, move your hand over and hold it over the other stone slab. Tell me! What do you feel? So, I can measure our two vocal responses.” He orders then crawls sideways to the next stone and then stops holding his flat palm over the new stone slab, nodding with a smile.
Taffy scoots over and sits beside Baycliff leaning into his space, placing her flat palm over the same slab and then removes her hand and sits back in silence.
He removes his hand and slaps his chest turning with a smile, nodding to her. “The alphabetic letter of M is clearly heated, based on my hand. This is the correct stone slab. When we pressed the wrong stone, which was cold-feeling, the trapped heated steam really located underneath the true stone came out from each open vessel, from a pair of carved lips, etched on the hard limestone rock statue to detour or defeat or death kill any stranger. This is a true genius of our fathers, Taffy!” Baycliff laughs with amusement.
She does not share the amusement but exhales in a puff worry, saying with a soft tone. “I should’ve listened to you.”
He leans over and hugs her pulling back, saying with a smile. “Don’t fret about it now! We didn’t know then; but we do know now. Let’s proceed and finish this and go back and save McCamy,” he laughs. “I know the snot-hole needs help and has finished killing all the pesky Riders without leaving a semi-dead body to maim and mutate,” he chuckles with his evil thoughts.
They slowly crawl ahead then stop at the next row of parallel rock statues consisting of a standing farm chicken on the left-side of the pathway and a standing hog statue on the right-side. He reaches over and holds his flat hand over each stone slab and then sits back. He says, “The correct alphabetic letter is F, for each farm animal of chicken and pig.”
She glides her flat hand over each stone slab, sitting back, wearing with a stern face. She shakes her pixie cut and states with a firm tone. “I feel more hotness coming from the alphabetic letter of S, for survival, because we eat chickens and hogs for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.”
He frowns and stares down at each movable stone slab, sliding his flat palm over the alphabetic letter of S, again, feeling the air pressure. He states, “I can feel some heat, but the alphabetic letter of F is a tiny bit more heated, on my hand and in my mind.” He sits upright and studies each slab.
“I disagree. The alphabetic letter of S is slightly more heated. How do we decide which alphabetic letter is the correct one to depress or touch?” She looks up with a worried brow to see the ceiling particles ignoring the pretty waves of pink, yellow and orange minerals, thinking instead, her sister and McCamy are battling all the Rider team members for their life.
“Feet,” Baycliff states and laughs at each movable stone slab.
Taffy looks down and then turns saying with a stern face to Baycliff, “Fake! This isn’t a fake stone, Baycliff. It’s real and really happening to us here inside this fissure cavern.”
“Feet!” He shouts again and points down at the slab. “We use our naked feet which hold over 7,200 sensory nerves to detect cold temperature, heated temperatures, and touch an object, and feel the air waves, when our feet are compared to our naked hands. My hands are hardened and calloused making my finger pads difficult to identify a temperature change from slight heat to tiny heat. We use our naked feet to determine the correct stone. Pull off your boots!” He sits down and jerks off each cowboy boot, wiggling his naked, sweaty foot, extending his leg in the air. He holds his naked sole over the movable stone slab labeled with the alphabetic letter of F. He tosses his skull backwards like he is tanning on the beach, without the sun, sand, and water.
She follows his lead, stripping out each one of her boots, stretching out her single leg, wiggling her naked toes. She holds her foot sole over the first stone, feeling the heat and then slides down to the second stone slab and then nods with a smile. Taffy says, “The alphabetic letter of S has much more heat coming up from its stone slab, to me.”
He slowly stands upright from the hard stone pathway and then leans down assisting Taffy to stand upright beside his body, saying with a smile. “The alphabetic letter of S is the correct stone slab to touch. We both agree. This is much easier and will move much quickly as long as we don’t butt-crawl our asses all over each stone slab. I’ll lift up your body in the air and hold both of your naked foot soles over each stone slab. Then you press down on top of the hottest one…”
“Me!” She stands beside him and shakes her wet brown tinted pixie haircut yelling in panic. “No! I picked the wrong stone, a few minutes ago.”
“We didn’t have a method back then. We were guessing then back, Taffy. Now, we got a great new method right now. You use your naked and sensitive toe bones. Looky! I hold your body upright over each stone slab…”
“No! I might get it wrong again,” she shouts in panic then gasps with worry.
He scoots behind Taffy and reaches out tickling both of her sensitive underarms, placing both of his hands in there. He smiles into her rear hairy skull sniffing her sweet honeysuckle fragrance coming from her natural body. He softy says, “No! You’ll get it right! Let’s practice our new technique first.” He paces backwards from Taffy and then stops jerking off his sports jacket, folding it down at his fit waist. He leans down and gathers up each cowboy boot wrapping them inside his jacket and then standing up handing his folded jacket to Taffy. He says. “I need my boots.” She whirls around and giggles with a smile accepting his stinky gift, cuddling both of her arms around his covered pair of boots. She slowly twirls around and faces the row of rock statues, wearing a stern face, exhaling with worry for everyone including her person.
He reaches over and slides both of his hands underneath her two ticklish armpits slowly lifting Taffy in the air, using his manly strength. He clears her naked feet up from the floor then slowly scoots ahead, then stops standing in front of the first stone while dangling her two naked foot soles over the alphabetic letter of S.
She reaches down and touches the stone slab with her naked foot sole without feeling a cloud of heated steam then smiles with relief, saying with a calm timber. “You’re right, Baycliff!”
Baycliff continues to hold Taffy in the air and then slowly scoots sideways as she giggles from his rough touches on her girly body. He whispers with a smile. “You’re right for me, Taffy!”
She slowly determines which proper movable stone slab to slap with her foot and then quickly advances ahead to the next row of parallel embedded alphabetic stone slabs while working to find the cans of hidden bite-nats paint, before something happens to their family and friends on the earth surface.

At 10:26 p.m., during the active Huntress and Hunter Games, on top of the un-even wooden planks inside the dance competition, Amita quietly sits on top of the planks and fiddles with her television devise, watching the new funny television program. Then she reaches down double-checking the loaded lady gun inside her purse for her body protection, since Baycliff isn’t here to protect her body. She looks up then turns with a smile staring at the nose profile on Hico while shaking her two legs with the new musical song.
The musical song Super Freak was released in the year 1981, performed by the American Roll and Rock singer Rick James, pulling from the album entitled Street Songs. The two songwriters are James H. Johnson and Alonzo A. Miller. The word “freak” is a slang term for a very promiscuous female.


She’s a very kinky girl
The kind you don't take home to mother
She will never let your spirits down
Once you get her off the street

She likes the boys in the band
She says that I’m her all-time favorite
When I make my move to her room
It’s the right time, she’s never hard to please

That girl is pretty wild now
The girl’s a super freak
The kind of girl you read about
In the new wave magazines
That girl is pretty kinky
The girl’s a super freak
I’d really like to taste her
Every time we meet
She’s all right; she’s all right
That girl’s all right with me, yeah
She’s a super freak, super freak
She’s super freaky, super freak, super freak

She’s a very special girl
From her head down to her toenails
Yet, she’ll wait for me at backstage with her girlfriends
In a limousine

Three’s not a crowd to her, she said
Room 714, I’ll be waiting
When I get there, she’s got incense, wine, and candles
It’s such a freaky scene

That girl is pretty wild now
The girl’s a super freak
The kind of girl you read about
In the new wave magazines
That girl is pretty kinky
The girl’s a super freak
I’d really like to taste her
Every time, we meet
She’s all right; she’s all right
That girl’s all right with me yeah
She’s a super freak, super freak
She’s super freaky, super freak, super freak
Temptations sing, oh, super freak
Super freak, the girl’s a super freak. O!

She’s a very kinky girl
The kind you don’t take home to mother
She will never let your spirits down
Once you get her off the street


Hico continues to sit in the first high stool chair and watches the action between the Riders and the Bandits. He doesn’t seem to care that some of his personal body guards are missing, consisting of a dead Bumblebee by the flash blade from Hixson and a dead Cockroach by the hand of McCamy, and an unconscious Ant by the hand of Baycliff.
The other three guards, who once wore a bite-nats face mask, covering their personal identify consisting of Wasp, Moth, and Beetle have left the dance platform, after surrendering their stolen items, a pair of cowboy boots for their naked feet and a sports jacket for their upper body to three teens named Taffy, Baycliff and Rusk.
Hico turns with a smile and nods to the last two guards. Tick and Flea silently nod back to Hico then return to view McCamy swiftly advancing over the wooden planks, creating lots of noise.
Amita follow the movements of Tick and Flea then switches her eyeballs watching Hixson.
Hixson has chased down Kodare off the high stool standing on the opposite side of the entrance wall and continues to beat both bone and blood from the pretty-looking older adult male. The spilled blood proteins and same broken bone bits flood onto both of Hixson’s folded fighting fists.
Amita laughs out loud at the teenly violence and then turns with a frown to see Pemona. She doesn’t really care for the new Bandit female. But, so far, Pemona had performed well using her metal arm and her parasol bite-nats weapon against the female Rider, until Hixson came along, like a wicked spider, and then killed the Rider female. The dead Rider body still lies and bleeds on top of the natural wooden planks, without a care or removal from one of her fellow dancers.


****


On the opposite side of the dance platform, several feet from near the thin single wooden railing that leads down into the Gulf of Mexico waters, the two individual shotguns quickly fly through the air waves soaring in the opposite direction.
Amita laughs out loud and watches McCamy, whispering for her eardrums, “Tick and Flea have messed with the wrong South Beach snot-hole.”
McCamy stands in place and guards his girl Tulu, watching both Flea and Tick, yelling out loud. “Go and grab both the guns, muffin. Dump the guns over the railing and down into the waters.” He feels the release on his two belt loops.
Tulu dashes sideways creating a set of tiny boot taps and then stops leaning down, grabbing each shotgun. She twirls around and races ahead towards the single railing and then stops, before hitting the wooden railing. The wooden railing is the only protection between the invisible air currents and the warm waters. She tosses each shotgun in the air and over the water exhaling with a heavy grunt from the heavy weight of the metal in her palm. Each shotgun quickly falls straight down into the ocean waters without sound.
McCamy continues to stand in place but doesn’t hear Tulu’s boots as he slams his right-sided prosthetic arm into the snarling face on Flea, cutting the left-sided earlobe on Flea into bleeding. He shoves the unknown male away his face, shifting Tick several feet over the wooden planks.
McCamy twirls around on his right-sided boot heel and as his right-sided metal arm swings through the air, tucking his left-sided prosthetic arm down even with his waistline, like a professional dancer, who is completely free from Tulu’s additional weight. He slams his right-sided prosthetic arm into the sneering face on Tick and as his eardrums lovingly hears the numerous breaking human bones on the jaw line, the nose bridge, and the cheekbone on Tick. His two eyeballs see all human bone cracks on Tick’s injured face.
Following through his elegant dance, McCamy plows his left-sided prosthetic arm into the exposed chest on Tick shoving the male away from McCamy, shifting Tick several feet over the wooden planks.
Tick stumbles backwards and then trips over his own feet, landing flat on his back spine on top of the hard planks. His blood bleeds through the seams on the planks and as he gags for shallow air molecules filling his tight lungs.
Flea slowly stands upright from the planks shaking off all his wet blood proteins in the air and spits out all the loose teeth from his open mouth presenting a bloody face, growling back at McCamy. He charges ahead and pumps both of his folded fists striking the air.
McCamy turns and watches a stationary Lion feeling intense worry, placing both of his metal arms in front of his face for his body protection and then sees an advancing Flea. The folded fist on Flea reaches out and hits each metal arm and as Flea stumbles backwards in awe feeling hard metal, not soft flesh. McCamy turns with a sneer and quickly dashes ahead slamming both of his metal arms in the face and on the chest at Flea. Flea drops down on the wooden planks, holding his bloody face, sobbing with his tears of pain.
In front of the entrance wall, Bandit Hixson pops the brown-tinted bite-nats jaw line on Kodare, using with a left hook. Kodare slams his back spine into the rough wall of cut logs and exhales with a heavy grunt of pain slowly dropping onto top of the rough log floor, sliding down into a state of unconsciousness.
On the same entrance wall, with the same rows of red-tinted cedar sawn logs, lacking a single glass-coated smooth active television screen, several rows of cut logs wiggle all at once in fluid movement and then separate from the edge of the wall, exposing an eighth Rider team mate. The hidden and newest Rider male is decorated in rows of red-tinted cut logs, wearing a red-tinted face. The new Rider male dashes ahead and sneers in anger, waving a red tinted flash blade in both cupped hands, targeting an unsuspecting Bandit team mate Hixson.
Hixson hears the thumping sound on the uneven planks then looks up gasping in shock, swiftly back steps from the advancing eighth Rider, quickly racing backwards across the wooden plank.
In the row of three high stools, Hico continues to sit in his chair loudly clapping out loud, saying with a smile. “Surprise, Bandits! I can wield a pair of flash blades too.” He enjoys the next battle fight with the Bandit and the Rider.
In the middle of the dance floor, Hixson continues to dash backwards as the new fresh Rider runs faster than the tired Bandit. Hixon reaches out, grabbing each wrist bone on the Rider male, holding each sharp blade from his sweaty face.
In front of the entrance wall, near the open archway, Amita continues to sit and smiles at the live violent and bloody action occurring on top of the dance floor, without assisting any of her childhood friends.
On the opposite side on the dance floor, Pemona slowly stumbles upwards from the planks and then swiftly races ahead towards the back spine on Hixson, aiding the fight against the eighth member of the Rider team.
Near the thin single wooden railing, McCamy turns with a sneer and starts to trot in the direction of Hixson while leaving Tulu safely by the wooden railing.
On the opposite side of the dance floor, in front of the side wall, Rider Leader Lion slowly stand upright from an unconscious and wounded Bearded Man then turns heading towards a deadly encounter with McCamy, for the last time.
Hixson slowly dances backwards across the wooden floor still fighting against a stronger and fresher Rider, kicking his one boot toe into the dancing leg on the quick dancing Rider. The Rider continues to flow swiftly jerking both of his blade tips side-to-side trying to stab one of Hixson’s eyeball.
Pemona scoots around Hixson then stops standing beside the new Rider, holding a two-fisted gripe on her bite-nats lead pipe, rearing back, slamming the pipe down into the rib cage on the new Rider. The Rider breaks away from Hixson and sounds with an array of low sneers and then swings around whipping his twin flash blades at Pemona.
She quickly back pedals and whips her lead pipe through the air slamming the pipe into one of his flash blades, releasing her lead pipe. Her lead pipe drops down on top of the wooden planks quickly morphing back into the dead tiny tree branch with white bite-nats paint. Pemona quickly dashes backwards from the dangerous flash blade weapons gasping in worry.
The Rider male spins away from Pemona and then swiftly dashes ahead racing towards the shotgun resting beside an unconscious Kodare. Hixson quickly sidesteps and blocks the Rider kicking out his boot toe into the rib cage on the Rider, missing his target.
The Rider male leaps from the floor flying into a long dive and then pulls out a red-tinted bite-nats squirrel dagger from his wood-coated bite-nats chest, launching the weapon in the air directly towards Hixson.
Hixson quickly stumbles backwards bending down at his fit waistline balancing his folded body. The tip on the squirrel-head dagger hits and then sticks into the meaty bicep on Hixson. He yells out loud in pain then lands down on his butthole sitting on top of the wooden planks.
The Rider reaches outward and misses the grounded shotgun beside an unconscious Kodare, rolling into a ball, gliding over the wooden planks and then unrolls, sliding on his belly and stops top of the wooden planks, without slamming into the entrance wall of sawn logs. He pants with a heavy set of grunts.
Pemona twirls around and races back to Hixson, colliding into her friend. She kneels down, reaches out and jerks out the dagger from his bloody bicep and as he yells out loud in pain.
The Rider slowly stands upright from the wooden planks and jerks two bite-nats red-tinted dead fox- head hand spears from each side of his long waistline, dashing ahead to both Hixson and Pemona.
Pemona swiftly stands upright from the planks then twirls around sounding with an array of lady sneers, lifting her arm prosthetic to protect Hixson and fight against the new Rider.

At 10:43 p.m., in the middle of the dance floor, near the fissure pit, Lion stops in place and then twists arounds smiling to see Tulu, looking back over his collar bone to see the back spine on McCamy.
In the middle of the dance floor, before reaching the fissure pit, McCamy slows his pace while observing Lion following the new direction with Lion’s eyeballs. He twists around and sees his girl Tulu, gasping in worry, whispering for his eardrums only, “Sorry, Rusk!” He starts to race back to Tulu for the rescue of his girl, from the vicious Rider Leader Lion.

Near the entrance wall, the new Rider collides into Pemona and as they both trip over the grounded body of Hixson. The two upright bodies twist and then fall on top of Hixson. The Rider rolls around each Bandit rearing back and then stabs a fox--head hand spear into a warm body.
Pemona grunts in pain as the hand spear pierces her exposed abdomen. She falls backwards from the Rider and lands her back spine on top of the dance floor, spilling out all her red tinted blood proteins onto the planks, grunting in pain. She gags for new air molecules. Her parted lips starts to spurt out tiny sprays of blood proteins in the air, also.
The Rider slowly stands upright and stares down at an injured Pemona tossing back his red-tinted hairy bone skull, laughing out loud.
Hixson swiftly stands upright from the dance floor and dashes ahead reaching down, grabbing the flash blade on his chest. The skull of Rider drops back down on top of the floor then smiles back at Hixson. Hixson reaches out and stabs the flash blade into the eyeball on the new Rider, killing the male Rider dead.

At 10:39 p.m., inside the fiery fusion cavern, Baycliff and Taffy quickly crosses over the top of the mysterious ziggurat structure using the sensitive foot method and then enters a single curved open archway finding a floor with sealed cans of colorful bite-nats paint. They cautiously move ahead the crowded floor, halt, then grab a paint. The paint can is covered in both dried and stained bite-nats colors.
Taffy and Baycliff quickly pack up a single tub with sixteen individual bite-nats paint cans for Dictator Hico. The pretty gift will send the evil villain away from the South Beach Colony, without any more bloodshed from their family members and friends.
She swiftly stands upright and stares at the new entranceway facing the opposite direction coming from the north end of the cavern and as she silently worries about Rusk.
Baycliff shoves the last paint can into the tub then slams down the lid shut, grunting with pain, slowly standing upright from the hard rock floor stained in red tinted bite-nats paint. He cautiously shuffles ahead towards a homemade wooden platform. The wooden platform is slightly tilted upright facing the rock hard ceiling particles in waves of pink, yellow, and orange organism. On top of the slanted wooden platform, a two-seater, dull-looking, white-tinted, metal-coated rocket ship stands in both peace and harmony but ready to launch out from the cavern wall flying towards the twinkling stars.
Baycliff doesn’t know, if the tiny engine on the rocket ship can launch through the hard ceiling particles within the cavern and then fly upwards into outer space, but the ship can break through the solid rock ceiling and then hopefully land flat or sideways on top of the ground surface, where the solid rock is covered with a platform of un-even wooden planks. Right now, this is the best method for exiting the cavern without trying to climb with a tub of heavy cans back up the cliff face and then onto the dance floor.
He stops and places the tub down inside a rear tiny trunk space slamming down then locks the hatch compartment on the small two-seater rocket ship. He spins around and smiles leaning against the rocket paint, saying to Taffy’s back spine, “I think we have found numerous parts and pieces from an ancient amusement park, for kids, containing a couple of spinning cups, a water slide, and a few dare devil vertical riders, not some rusted-out military missile that has been converted into a bad model of the first earthling’s space ship.” Baycliff laughs with amusement.
“Let us be very thankful for the find of the bite-nats paint!” Taffy states then swirls around frowning with worry at the tilted rocket ship. “Will this rocket ship really fly us upwards and then outta of here, Baycliff?”
He states with a nod and a smile patting the metal on the rocket ship, “Yes, it will. There is an engine, two seats, and one trunk, a perfect vehicle for flight or fright or fear. This new spot isn’t much more than a cooking oven for baking a can of bite-nats paint. It looks like the gang of dumb and silly Nature Scouts forgot how to camp. There isn’t a piece of kindle wood or a roaring warm fire or a single toasty marsh mellow,” he softly chuckles.
The campsite contains three imperfect square-shaped holes etched into a solid, gray-tinted limestone wall. The square-shaped hole on the bottom is filled with heated steam.
The second square-shaped hole mixes the chemical ingredients of gnats and the colored bacterium paint, cooking each new can.
The top square-shaped hollow is used to cool the heated newly bite-nats paint can and store all the existing cans.
Taffy twists around and stares at the second entranceway again, stating with her worries, “We find Rusk…”
“We leave Rusk.” Baycliff states and slides down metal paint then halts, opening the rear door on the tiny rocket ship, patting the door. “Come and get inside, Taffy!”
She states and continues to stare at the new entrance hole. “He’s lost…”
“He’s fine. Get inside, Taffy! We need to deliver the prize to Hico, before McCamy kills all the Riders while missing me some deadly fun. I like wasting time with you, honey bell, but…”
“Rusk!” Taffy shouts, dashes ahead, then stops near the entranceway while watching Rusk. He slowly stumbles around the wall corner, looking pale-colored, holding his abdomen.
Baycliff stands in place and smiles then states to his childhood buddy. “Rusk! It’s about time, buddy. We’re ready to leave.” Rusk tumbles ahead and lands inside the two open arms on Taffy. They cuddle then fall down on top of the pink floor with ashes.
Baycliff gasps in shock then dashes ahead, and stops, kneeling down over his childhood friend, saying with worry. “Rusk, what’s wrong with you, buddy? Are you injured with wounds? Did you encounter a Rider down here? But that does seem possible either!” He looks up with his worried brow and narrows his eyelids at the entranceway searching for any quick movement.
Taffy reaches down and rips off Rusk’s sports jacket rubbing her hands over his body while feeling the heated sweat on his naked chest muscles. She asks, “Rusk, are you bleeding? Where’s your body cut?” She probes and then pokes over his naked chest touching his biceps and his face, checking for any type of body bruises and skin wounds. “I don’t see an open wound on his body. But Rusk is hot, sweaty, and definitely in pain. Can he become poisoned from the fissure air molecules, down here? We’re very deep inside the cavern, deeper than ever before,” She looks up and turns to see Baycliff.
“No.” Baycliff states and studies Rusk, who continues to profusely sweats and gasps for air molecules.
Rusk continues to hold his gut and whispers softly in the air current, “Pemona.”
Taffy gasps in alarm and then states with her stern face. “Pemona is safe, Rusk! Hixson and McCamy are protecting her on top of the surface. Don’t worry about her! What hurts on your body, Rusk? I can’t tell. Tell me!”
Baycliff studies Rusk and then drops his face down into the open mouth on Rusk, whispering back the name, “Pemona!” Rusk whispers a few secret words to Baycliff. Baycliff sits back and gasps in alarm then leans down sliding both of his arms underneath a grounded Rusk, ordering with a sharp timber. “We leave, now, Taffy! Get in the rear seat and hold Rusk for our rough trip up and then through the ceiling rooftop and then our rough landing on top of ground surface, getting out of this fissure.” He jerks Rusk in the air and then swiftly stands upright from the floor spinning around, toting Rusk towards the rocket ship, yelling again, “Now, Taffy!”
She swiftly stands upright from the rock floor, dashes ahead, then slides into the rear seat first while feeling both worry and confusion. But she is silence and follows Baycliff’s orders.
Baycliff stops and leans down sliding Rusk in front of Taffy, saying with a worried brow. “Hold him tight! I don’t know how rough our ride’s going to be until we hit then land on the surface. But we’re exiting this fissure and landing, I hope, on top of Hico.” He slides sideways and flexes his arm biceps, jumping up then down into the pilot seat. He starts to punch buttons and flips for the ignition.
The ancient rocket ship roars into life. Then a safety cockpit canopy slowly closes over the wet hair roots and the sweaty faces on Taffy, Rusk and Baycliff. The single afterburner engine ignites into power. The rocket ship rumbles with a loud ear-piecing sound and then launches diagonally into the rock rooftop. The pointy nose drills through the solid rock very fast and as the powerful rear engine sails the solid metal body through the new hole leaving a couple of stomachs behind inside the underground fissure cavern.

At 11:01 p.m., during the active and bloody Huntress and Hunter Games, on top of the wooden planks underneath the fissure cavern, McCamy charges from a diagonal direction sounding with an array of loud sneers then leaps in the air covering the rest of the land distance, before Lion reaches Tulu first. McCamy reaches out and wiggles his five fingers grabbing at the fit waistline on Lion and as they twirl around in a completed circle from McCamy’s violent impact.
McCamy quickly drops down from the air waves first standing upright on his boot heels sounding with a heavy grunt, flipping the entire body on a dizzy Lion over his collar bone. He completes another circle with the extra weight sounding with a heavy grunt and faces the single thin wooden railing, rushing ahead, wearing his dizzy headache towards the wooden railing. He trips over his feet toting a heavy body along with his dizzy headache, releasing then flips Lion in the air, hurling the Rider towards wooden planks.
Lion reaches out and grabs flipping over, hanging onto the single wooden railing, on the wrong side, the water side. He continues to hang on and then slowly climbs back over the into the wooden planks.
McCamy huffs in anger and jabs his finger down at Lion, yelling in fury, “No one touches my girl. Period!”
The wooden planks violently shake and then dance sideways from a massive underground earthquake and as the folded body on Lion starts to shake and then dances sideways against the quake, also. One of his cupped bloody hands slides off the smooth wooden railing. He falls off the railing and screams out loud plummeting down into the warm waters of the Gulf of Mexico along with the dangerous man-eating monsters, becoming the next warm meal for 01.20 seconds of time.
McCamy spins around and dashes ahead racing towards Tulu, colliding into his girl. They fall and lands down on top of the shaking platform. He covers her with his body for his love and his protection.
A powerful sound rumbles within the air waves.
Then the metal pointy nose from a white-tinted rocket ship breaks through the wooden planks launching a few feet in the air waves. The heavy body on the rocket ship plows through the solid rock and the tender wood but is too heavy for Earth’s gravity, landing the slides to a halt on top of the dance platform. The heated engine burns each wooden plank into a pile of red and yellow heated ciders as the short cavern ride ends with a jolt protecting all the flesh and blood bodies on Baycliff, Taffy, and Rusk.
In front of the entrance wall, inside the first chair, Hico slides off the chair and sounds with a gasp of awe and worry. A rocket ship has leaped up from the fiery fissure and then plopped its metal body on top of the dance platform while displacing and burning the rough planks of wood. He slides sideways from the row of chairs exiting from the first ever Huntress and Hunter Games.
On the same entrance wall, near the open archway, Bandit Amita continues to sit and feels the wooden planks shift underneath her buttonhole, slowly standing upright from the platform, gasping in shock. A powerful rocket ship has somehow and someway emerged upwards from the fissure pit and landed on top of the dance floor, burning each one of the white tinted wooden planks.
Hico rushes by Amita. Amita reaches out and misses the arm on Hico, yelling out loud in confusion. “Hey!” Director Hico exits from the platform and enters the darkness of the night. Each television screen goes black and then exhibits lines of silver static.
In front of side wall with embedded rows of non-working television screens, Hixson leans against the wall holding Pemona against his chest cavity. He presses ripped pieces from his tee shirt around her wounded abdomen and as she bleeds and moans from her pain, after jerking out the bite-nates hand spear from her torn flesh.
Inside the cabin on the rocket ship, Baycliff does not smile but presses the button. The glass canopy slowly open exposing the colorful, wet hair roots on Baycliff, Taffy, and Rusk. Baycliff leaps out from the pilot seat and then spins around, scanning the wooden planks.
McCamy and Tulu slowly stand upright from the wooden floor and then swiftly dash ahead, shouting out loud with glee while avoiding the heated engine on the crashed mini-rocket ship.
In front of the rocket ship, Baycliff locates Hixson, who cuddles Pemona on the side wall. He spins around and slides down, opening the rear door, snapping his orders, “Stand up, Taffy! Help me get Rusk outta the ship.”
McCamy gasps in shock and then releases Tulu. Tulu stops and stands in place smiling at the white tinted mini-rocket ship but does not touch the heated metal. McCamy collides into the nose profile on Baycliff, seeing the pale colored tone on his twin brother then whispers with worry, “Rusk!”
Baycliff leans inside and grabs the body of Rusk, jerking Rusk from the rear seat, sliding his friend over his collar bone. He says to McCamy, “Pemona is leaning against Hixson near the side wall. She’s hurt from the fight, McCamy.”
“Rusk!” McCamy whispers and reaches out touching the pale color on Rusk’s face while feeling both worry and fear.
In front of the rear compartment on the rocket ship, Baycliff spins around with a stern face and dashes away, rushing ahead towards Hixson and Pemona.
McCamy back steps with a gasp of worry and reaches out grabbing the hand on Tulu, cuddling her into his chest. They swiftly rush ahead towards Hixson and Pemona also.
Taffy slowly climbs out from the rear seat and stands on top of the wooden planks, smelling the black smoke and seeing the tiny red and blue fires. She slowly moves ahead and then sees Hixson and Pemona leaning against the log-covered wall. She races ahead with worry also.
In front of the side wall, Baycliff stops then gently drops Rusk against the wall, squatting down. He leans down and wipes the sweat from Rusk’s pale colored face, whispering with worry. “Rusk, we are here. Pemona is here too. Hixson, get up and stand up from the floor! Move Pemona onto Rusk’s chest!”
Hixson slowly shoves Pemona from his chest and then down into the lap on Rusk, spinning around, squatting down on the opposite side of Rusk. He stares at the pale tone on Rusk and asks with puzzlement. “What…what’s wrong with Rusk? Did you beat him up, Baycliff? He’s one of us, not a Rider. We won. I think. McCamy, he got the last one, who looked like a lion mammal. Kodare is not dead but in a state of unconsciousness. Once I get up, Kodare is dead. Hico has escaped from us.”
Baycliff props Pemona slightly upright onto the naked, sweaty heated chest on Rusk. Pemona has her two eyelashes shut and as she is slowly dying from her nasty abdomen wound. The bite-nats hand spear has also contaminated all her organs with its nasty germs coming from the dead mammal, flooding through her blood stream. Even a can of bite-nats paint cannot heal her internal injury and save her life force back into a healthy state of wellness.
Rusk exhales then inhales in shallow breathes while sweating from this own set of internal injuries.
Baycliff stares at Rusk and growls then snaps at Hixson. “Shut up, Hixson!”
McCamy and Tulu stop and then squat down beside Baycliff staring at Rusk and Pemona with his worries.
McCamy gasps with worry then asks, staring at Rusk. “Did Rusk become injured down in the fissure?”
“No.” Baycliff states with a worried brow to McCamy and still stares at Rusk.
Rusk holds his breath then whispers, presenting a weak smile, “Pemona…”
Pemona’s rear bone skull is propped against his collar bone quietly lying between his chest muscles and occasionally blinks her two eyelashes open and then shut. She exhales with a huff of breath, “Yes.” Her abdomen wound gleams in short and long sprays of wet blood proteins over her body. Both arms of Rusk wrap around her chest cavity expressing his love and his protection.
Baycliff swallows back his own tears and stares at the sweaty face on Rusk.
Taffy stops and then stands upright over the hair roots on McCamy and Tulu. She gasps in alarm and points down to Rusk saying with confusion. “What has happened to Rusk? He’s not injured. I didn’t find a single spot of his blood coming from an open wound on his body, when we were located down inside the fissure. I don’t understand, Baycliff. Why’s Rusk so pale-looking and in constant pain? He was not in the Rider fight,” she looks up with a smile and scans the dance platform.
Hico is gone from the dance floor. His guards are lying either dead or unconscious on top of the dance platform along with an alive and unconscious Kodare. Vovina lies near the entrance wall presenting an unconscious state also. Amita moves ahead from the entrance wall towards the huddle of Bandit team members. The Rider team members are either missing or dead or unconscious on top of the wooden planks also.
So, the Bandit team has won the dance competition, again. Each television screen is non-functioning and presents silent rows of silver-tinted static. That means, the Bandit natives and her parents have taken control of the television satellite tower, located on Thelee Farms.
On top of the wooden planks, beside Baycliff, McCamy hugs Tulu and floods both of his eyeballs with his own tears of fear, silently staring down at his twin brother Rusk.
Baycliff continues to squat beside Rusk and Pemona. Hixson continues to squat on the other side. Baycliff exhales with a puff sadness then softly announces to all the teens. “Pemona was injured on her body, by a Rider. Her life force cannot be saved.”
Taffy continues to cuddle in the arms of McCamy and frowns down at her childhood friend Rusk, saying with a puzzlement. “Rusk didn’t dance in the fight and he wasn’t hurt by a Rider, either. So, why is Rusk looking all pale and sweaty now?” McCamy cannot explain the reason as he continues to sob with sadness crying out his brotherly tears for his twin brother Rusk.
Baycliff exhales with sadness and stares down at Rusk reaching out and touches the arm on Rusk with brotherly love and friendship. He explains to the other teens, “Rusk and Pemona have exchanged their blood molecules using the bite-nats paint back then and there at Festus Farms. The blood exchange is binding. Nothing can reverse the process. Pemona has been fatally injured to her abdomen by a Rider hand spear. Rusk is bleeding internal, within his own set of healthy organs, just like her. We cannot see his exterior wound of bloody, but he is dying from his injuries too. They are both dying. We can’t stop it.”
“No! No! No! Stop this, Baycliff! You…you know more about the bite-nats paint than anyone of us here!” Tulu yells out loud stomping her feet, struggling inside the two warm arms on McCamy, wearing a worried brow. McCamy hugs Tulu tighter and continues to sob with his tears, staring down with a sad face at his dying brother.
Baycliff stares at Rusk and exhales with sadness softly explaining to the other teens. “A can of bite-nats paint carries a set of healing properties, when the paint is used on a human to fix an exterior skin wound and then preforms with awesome recuperating healing skills, which is almost immediately. The bad risk for a human or animal, if the external or internal injury is too severe, then it is too bad, the human or animal dies.” He wipes off his own tears and then exhales with sadness announcing to the teens. “Pemona’s body wound is too severe. Her life force cannot be healed or saved by an entire can of bite-nats, due to the nasty germs coming from the dead animal, on the spear tip. The nasty germs have contaminated both her blood and her organs.” He turns and stares at McCamy saying with a soft tone. “We’ve found and brought up cans of bite-nats resting inside that grounded rocket ship. The bite-nats paint can save Rusk but…”
“Save Rusk, right now, Baycliff!” Tulu shouts and struggles within the strong arms on McCamy. “Save Rusk, right now, McCamy!”
McCamy leans down and swallows his tears softly whispering into her eardrum. “The process is a sexual bondage, muffin.”
Tulu understands and then turns to see Taffy, pointing down at Rusk, yelling with her frightful fury, “Taffy, you can do this then! You save Rusk’s life force using the bite-nats paint, that you and Baycliff have brought up from the fissure cavern. Rusk’s body was get hurt with the Rider’s hand spears. His body is not contaminated with nasty animal germs, like Pemona’s body is. Taffy, go and get a can of bite-nats and come back here and save the life of Rusk,” she starts to sob with her tears of fear and worry softly ordering to her man. “Instruct her how to do it, McCamy, right here and right now!”
Baycliff explains between the pain of loss and hope of love softly explaining. “Taffy, you cut his arm flesh, then mix his blood with the bite-nats paint. Then you cut your arm flesh and add both of your blood proteins together. Taffy, you’re a healthy female, so Rusk will instantly become a healthy male again. Rusk will become alive and live a healthy life, like you, Taffy.”
“Pemona…” Rusk holds his breath and whispers the word within his searing pain and as his two eyelids open for a split second and then closes shut.
Tulu points down at Rusk and shouts out loud to Taffy. “Do you see how easy this is, Taffy? Go and save Rusk, right here and right now!” She struggles within the two strong arms on McCamy staring down with her worried brow at Rusk, wanting to escape and get a can of bite-nats paint for her sister.
Amita stops and stands over the hair roots on Hixson, staring with a smirk, sneering down at Rusk. She states with a nasty timber, “Taffy won’t! Taffy’s afraid! Taffy’s too scared…”
“Save him, Taffy! Shut up, Amita!” Tulu shouts then looks up sneering at Amita while struggling within the two strong arms on McCamy. “Taffy, you love Rusk! You and Rusk can get marry and live happily ever after, like me and McCamy! Go and save Rusk, right here and right now! Please, Taffy!”
Rusk continues to lean against the side wall and barely cuddles Pemona holding his breath and then whispers in puffs of sour air molecules. “This is not your choice, Taffy.”
McCamy releases Tulu. She stands upright and gasps in shock at the words from Rusk. McCamy squats and leans down into the pale-tinted, sweaty face on Rusk while releasing his own tears of sadness. He whispers in sadness, “Rusk!”
Rusk exhales with his array of sour breathes and then coughs out loud trying to collect air molecules into his two dying lungs, whispering to his brother. “This is not your choice, either, bro.” He slightly smirks and then cringes in pain from all his internal injuries. His organs are bleeding. His biceps are weak and barely hug Pemona. He whispers to McCamy, “I chose Pemona.”
Taffy moves ahead, squats down, and leans into the cold-feeling cheekbone on Rusk, whispering with her worries, faking her smile. “I can save your life, Rusk. I will do this and save your life. Please, let me…”
“…live happily in the afterlife too! Good-bye, Rusky!” Amita yells out loud then laughs with an evil tone waving both of her arms in the air, dancing sideways on top of the wooden planks.
Baycliff growls in fury then quickly crawls backwards moving away from his friend Rusk slowly standing upright on top of the platform, carefully back stepping away from the huddle with his childhood friends. He whirls around and advances ahead towards Amita feeling anger and reaches out, grabbing her arm. He jerks Amita sideways sliding them away from the huddle of mourning teens, shuffling back towards the grounded rocket ship and then stops. He leans into her distorted face and softly expresses with a stern tone, “Amita, please!”
Amita jerks back both her arm and her body away from Baycliff producing a loud hiss, swiftly back stepping from her beau, swinging around and then slowly approaches the huddle of mourning teens again. She tosses both of her arms in the air and shouts out loud in fury. “Do not order me around, boy! I ain’t your slave or your sister or your wife or your…”
In front of side wall, Rusk continues to open then shuts his two eyelids panting in pain and then softly whispers back to Taffy. “Taffy, you and I are different.” Taffy gasps in shock without words.
Tulu squats down besides Taffy and reaches over slapping the arm on her older sister while sobbing with her tears of worry, softly orders. “Save Rusk, right here and right now Taffy! Tell her, McCamy! Taffy can mix her blood with Rusk’s blood and then save his life. Rusk is healthy and he will live forever too.”
Rusk slowly shakes his bone skull and then drops his chin down in his chest feeling both weak and in pain, whispering out loud one name. “Pemona…”
Tulu shouts out loud at her sister. “Are you listening, to me, Taffy? You can cut his arm and save Rusk’s life, Taffy. You can mix your blood with his blood and save his life. You can do this and be together with Rusk, Taffy.”
Baycliff spins around and chases the back spine on Amita, feeling fury, angry, and worry. Amita races ahead, stops, and then stands a few feet from the semi-circle of teens surrounding a dying Rusk and Pemona, jabbing her finger at the rear skull on her friend Taffy. She shouts in fury, “Taffy’s too selfish. Taffy always saves herself. Isn’t that right, Plan Mistress? You sacrificed me, for your everything, didn’t you, Taffy?”
“Rusk.” Taffy whispers back to Rusk while ignoring the loud words from Amita.
His two eyelids flick open and then close and as Rusk holds his breath and whispers to Taffy. “This is not your choice, Taffy. I choose Pemona. We are bonded, together, by paint and blood.”
“Rusk!” Taffy whispers then sobs with her tears of sadness.
“I love Pemona. I will become and belong with her, always and forever.” Rusk whispers then slight smiles flicking open his two eyelids, staring down the pale-colored face on Pemona, who, also, slowly dies on top of his naked chest coming from their shared internal injuries and shared bite-nats promise.
Pemona looks so pretty and peaceful while sleeping into her death day. Rusk has selected the perfect choice for his life mate, even if they will share their joyful marriage in the heaven realm as they always watch over his twin brother McCamy and all his childhood friends from South Beach, including Tulu, Taffy, Hixson, Amita, and Baycliff.
His two eyelids flip up and views Taffy. He winks at her sad face and presents a slight smile. Then Rusk coughs out loud in pain, closing his two eyelids, cringing in pain as he slowly dies for and along with his girl Pemona.
Taffy whispers and sobs with her sad tears reaching out, gently touching his cold-feeling arm with her understanding. “Rusk…”
Amita continues to stand and waves both of her arms in the air, sneering down at the rear skull on Taffy, shouting out loud. “Yes, it’s true for Amita. Taffy sent me down into hell while she stayed here and flowered in paradise with my man, my guy, my future husband. His name is Baycliff, the bay by the cliffs…”
“Amita, please!” Baycliff shouts, stops and cuddles with Amita, jerking her body away from the semi-circle of mourning teens.
Amita escapes from his loving embrace then swiftly dances sideways, waving both of her arms in the air, shouting in anger at her childhood friend Taffy. “I was there buried alive and breathing inside that dark, dank Silo for one solid year. Now, I come back here, after missing everyone for one solid year. Taffy! Taffy! Taffy! That’s all I hear coming from the lips on each one of my close childhood friends here in South Beach.”
Beside her man McCamy and in front of Rusk and Pemona, Tulu reaches over and slaps the arm on Taffy, again, sobbing with her own tears of sadness. She whispers to her sister, “Go and save Rusk, Taffy! You can do this thing right here and right now.”
Baycliff dashes ahead then shoves Amita away from the semi-circle of mourning teens, again, cuddling into her body and whispers into her cold-feeling cheekbone. “Amita, please, go and stand by the rocket ship! Give Rusk some fresh air to breath!” Then he violently shoves her backwards and away from his upright body while still staring at Rusk but sneering at Amita.
Amita slowly tumbles backwards producing a loud huff and walks backwards moving away from Baycliff and then stops standing beside the steaming rocket ship, staring at the huddle of mourning teens.
Baycliff shakes his bone skull in confusion and slowly moves ahead exhaling with a deep sigh of annoyance at Amita, then stops, leaning down, gently pulling Taffy away from Rusk. Baycliff does not want Taffy disrespecting Rusk’s choice or attempting to grab a can of bite-nats paint and saving Rusk’s life, because she understand how to do that.
Rusk has verbally confessed his undying love for a wounded and dying Pemona. Thus, he will die and leave this earthly plane along with Pemona, in a few more seconds, bleeding from his internal injuries. Then, they both will ascend into the heaven realm, together, where Brother Jesus will marry them and the Almighty Father, The Holy Spirit, and all their heavenly angels will witness the beautiful event.
Baycliff lightly chuckles at the everlasting happy ending for both Rusk and Pemona. They together will live always and foreverly, within a happy peaceful place, not here on rough and raw South Beach arms on Planet Earth.
Taffy slowly stands upright from the wooden planks and sobs with her own tears, crossing her arms over her body, staring down at both Rusk and Pemona.
Baycliff wraps his two arms around Taffy and slowly pulls her away from Rusk while trying to comfort her sad emotions then turns to view Amita, who paces back and forth beside the dead rocket ship metal. He ponders the weird teenly behavior coming from his girl Amita and then he sees a pair of flying butterflies, two of the Prime Creator’s beautiful creatures.
The fluttering wings coming from two yellow colored butterflies beautifully sail through the smooth air currents on the heated winds soaring towards a patch of sweet purple and pink thistle bushes for food located near a sparkling creek stream passed the wooden platform.
Baycliff smiles at the two little treasures created by the Prime Creator, who always share Planet Earth with the human race.
“Rusk, please!” Taffy whispers for her eardrums only and accepts the two warm arms from Baycliff during this terrible moment, within her short seventeen years of life. If Taffy could mix her blood with Rusk, then he will continue to live, thrive, play, sleep, and eat here within South Beach.
However, Rusk has chosen the other option, death. His two eyelids barely flicker up to view Taffy and as his chest barely raises with stored air molecules coming from his two dying lungs.
Baycliff returns back and stares at Rusk while cuddling Taffy and continues to softly whisper an array of comforting words into her eardrum.
The two butterflies gracefully circle over the paired couple of Tulu, who is buried inside McCamy’s chest cavity. Then the pair of winged insects flies ahead and buzzes around the hair roots on Baycliff and then Taffy, who hug together in a tight embrace waiting Rusk. Baycliff and Taffy continue to exchange an array of soft secret words plus a set of sobs and tears of sadness into each other cheekbone.
Finally, the pair of yellow wings elegantly flutters ahead then spins around each sweaty eyebrow on Rusk and then Pemona for one second. Now, the pair of butterflies have finished their earthly assignment from the Prime Creator and then gently starts to sail away from the semi-circle of South Beach teens floating towards the rows of chopped down red cedar tree stumps near the small patch of flowers, for their evening food meal.
Baycliff exhales with a puff sadness and then releases Taffy. She continues to stand in place and hugs her body and as her face floods with wet tears running down her cheekbone. Baycliff moves ahead, stops, and squats down leaning down into the wet cheekbone on McCamy, stating with a stern face of his own wet and dried tears. “I’ll go and get your daddy, McCamy.”
McCamy continues to stare in silence down at Rusk and hugs his girl Tulu.
Baycliff swiftly stands upright from the planks and then spins around scooting around the semi-circle of childhood friends, racing ahead and exits the platform. He searches for Ebro, before the end comes for both Rusk and Pemona.
In front of side wall, Rusk continues to lean against the rough sawn logs and holds onto an unconscious Pemona, exhaling with a puff of shallow breathes and then whispers, “Bro.” McCamy leans down into the cold-feeling cheekbone on Rusk and continues to sob with his own sad tears.
Rusk flicks open his two eyelids and views his twin brother, whispering with a slight smile. “I will miss you, bro. Take good care of our little Tulu.” He winks at Tulu. She sobs with her own tears, wiping off the moisture to see Rusk. Rusk whispers. “Hixson…”
Hixson leans down and stares into the cheekbone on Rusk sobbing with his own tears of sadness. “Rusk…”
Rusk exhales in pain then softly whispers. “I leave you, my favorite stallion. Taffy…”
Taffy hears her name from his soft whisper then replies. “Rusk!” She moves ahead, squats down, reaching out, and touches his naked arm, holding an almost dead Pemona. Taffy continues to sob with her own tears of sadness.
Rusk flicks his one eyelid open to see her and whispers with a weak smile. “I will miss you the mostest, Plan Mistress.”
“Rusk!” Taffy whispers his name and then sobs with her own tears hearing the heavy footfalls, looking up to see Baycliff. Baycliff leads Ebro onto the wooden platform. Taffy stands upright from Rusk and shuffles out of the way for his father Ebro.
Ebro gasps in alarm and dashes by Baycliff racing ahead towards the semi-circle of teens, sliding down and squats beside a paired Rusk and Pemona. His father reaches out and touches the naked cold chest on his son studying the pale colored tone and the sweaty body. He completely understands.
Rusk is dying from a fatal bite-nats blood exchange with the unknown teen girl. He watched some of the battle fight between the Bandits and Riders on his mini-television screen, before rescuing the rest of South Beach hostages away from Hico’s other nasty guards. The rescue fight was not a pretty site and a handful of the South Beach natives died along with all of the guards. Rusk had not been in the battle fight with a Rider team mate on the dance floor but standing inside the fissure cavern.
Ebro leans down and whispers into the sweaty cheekbone on his son, “Rusk!”
Rusk flicks open his one eyelid and views a pair of sad blue eyes on his biological father, slightly wiggling his weak pale-colored hand onto the pale-colored arm on almost dead Pemona, whispering with a smile. “Daddy, I want you to meet my girl Pemona.”
Ebro slides down and touches her pair of cold hands using his two warm palms, leaning down and whispers into her sweaty face. “Pemona.” Her eardrums hears her name and as her two eyelashes flicker open and then shut. Ebro smiles at the dying teen girl, who could have been his future-daughter-in-law. He whispers again, “Pemona, it is a beautiful name for a beautiful southern belle. Welcome to our South Beach family!” He sobs with own heated tears of sadness for the two young lives that should live for many more years of fun and adventure here at South Beach Colony, instead of his old body.
Pemona flicks her two eyelashes open and then shut, hearing the precious works, showing a tiny smile on her pale lips, leaning into the naked chest on Rusk, without speaking. She is too weak and feels very heated, within her bones, the last sign of life, before a human body or a bio-shell of flesh and bone and blood dies leaving the earthly plane, ascending into the heavenly realm.
Ebro looks up and smiles into the cheekbone on Rusk whispering with his fake smile, “Son.”
Rusk is fading fast and flicks his one eyelid viewing his father, barely whispering with a smile. “I will see you in heaven, a long time from now, Daddy. I’ll see and tell Mama, ‘Hi,’ for you and McCamy.”
Ebro exhales with a huff of sadness and smiles between his sad sobs and manly tears, saying in a whisper of love that his son and his wife, who will be together again in heaven. “You do that, son. I love you with all my heart and my soul, Rusk.” His tears flood down and cover both of naked cheekbones falling down onto his two naked arms and as he leans over and hugs his son and his new daughter-in-law, who both will be happy in the heaven realm, after finding each other here in the South Beach Colony.
“Ebro!” A visible adult male appears and stands inside the open archway, at the entrance wall, staring at the teens and Ebro.
Ebro pulls back from the sweaty face on Rusk and turns to see fellow Beacher, nodding in silence.
Rusk holds his breath and whispers out loud for his father. “Daddy, get these vile people off our homeland right now!” He sums his last request between his array of weak huffs and puffs of musical breaths.
Ebro returns back and leans down hugging Rusk and Pemona, for the very last time, exhaling in both his sadness and his anger, sitting back and nods in silence to his dying son. He looks up and scans a face on each brave South Beach teenager, who has fought, lost, and won against Director Hico, tonight, within the new first ever Huntress and Hunter Games.
“Done, Rusk!” Ebro shouts out loud to his son and all the surviving teens slowly standing upright from the floor, back stepping from his dying son and then scoots around the huddle of teens. He races ahead and exits the wooden platform to finish the job, that Director Hico has started with the group of South Beach farmers.
In front of side wall, Rusk exhales with a huff pain and then loudly whispers. “Baycliff…”
Baycliff moves ahead then squats down, leaning into the sweaty cheekbone on Rusk, whispering with a smile. “Rusk, buddy! Fare thee well, my young bro. We will not meet again for a very, very long, long period of time. But we will. I promise.” He reaches out and gently performs a fist-bump against the bend arm on Rusk then presents his sad face, sobbing with his own tears.
Rusk knows the truth within his heart between the young teen couple. He exhales in a puff of pain and softly whispers to Baycliff only. “Baycliff, don’t lose her, too!”
Baycliff swiftly pulls back from Rusk and gasps in shock flipping his face to view Taffy. Taffy has taken her old spot and continues to squat down staring down at Rusk, sobbing with her won sad tears.
Rusk flicks his one eyelid open and then shut and then lifts his index finger to his lips kissing it and then presses his finger down on top of her blue tinted lips, placing his everlasting kiss on Pemona, who has died already. Her body is slowly growing cold against his naked sweaty chest. His weak hand plops down on top of the floor.
Rusk slowly lifts his chin and flicks open his one eyelid turning to see Taffy and sings in his natural baritone timber first. “Now, I lay me down to sleep.”
The other teens softly sing the familiar song along with Rusk. “I pray the Lord, my soul to keep. If I shall die, before I wake, I pray my soul the Lord to take, foreverly.” He gently lays his chin on top of the brown-tinted hair roots on Pemona, closing both of his eyelids, exhaling his last breath foreverly.
“Amen.” McCamy softly whispers producing an array of his own heated sad tears, dropping his eyeballs down to the wooden planks. He tightly holds Tulu against his chest and plants his chin on top of her sweet-smelling honeysuckle fragrance hair roots. He sobs with his sadness for his dead twin brother.
“Me!” Amita yells out loud and races ahead from the rocket ship slapping her chest, expressing both her rage and fury.
“Amita!” Baycliff shouts out loud in fury too then flips his face around viewing Amita, slowly standing upright from the wooden planks, facing her. He gasps in alarm.
Taffy leans over and softly whispers in the wet cheekbone on McCamy, pulling back, swiftly standing upright on top of wooden platform. She twirls around and views Amita, gasping in alarm also.
McCamy slowly stands upright on top of the platform and as he continues to cuddle Tulu slowly spinning around and views Amita. He immediately starts to back pedal way, back stepping from Amita.
Hixson continues to squat down viewing both Rusk and Pemona while silently offering his prayers of joy and peace to his dead friends then swings his face around to see Amita. He sneers with an array of fury then slowly stands upright on top of the wooden planks, slowly advancing towards Amita.
Amita rushes ahead from the rocket ship and holds her lady pistol in her shooting hand.
Baycliff swiftly scoots around both an upright Taffy and McCamy then races ahead loudly sounding with an array of sneers at Amita, before she causes more trouble. Amita stops and lifts her lady pistol in the center of her chest, aiming at Baycliff, shooting the bullet.
The flying bullet hits the thick muscle meat on the left-sided upper thigh on Baycliff. The powerful impact bullet misses his vital organs but shatters numerous blood vessels, within his injured leg, producing tons of spilling and spurting red-tinted blood proteins in the air and down on top of the wooden planks coming from his open wound. He collapses falling down on his two bruised kneecaps, slowly bending sideways, landing on his rib cage and rests on top of the surface. His blood rolls onto the cracks within the planks and as he loudly curses at Amita.
Taffy gasps in shock and swiftly races ahead towards the back spine on Baycliff for her love and her protection to attend his gunshot wound.
Amita continues to stand in place and waves her hand gun in the air, laughing out loud, staring down at Baycliff. She asks with a smirk, “Does that hurt, honey bell?”
McCamy gasps in shock then releases Tulu swiftly dashing ahead, feeling worry for both Taffy and Baycliff.
Taffy slides down and then collides into a grounded Baycliff. He moans with pain from her impact. She starts to rip off her true tee shirt fabric into long cloth strips, quickly wrapping the cloth around his bleeding leg wound.
Echoing his heavy footfall on the uneven planks, Hixson dashes ahead towards Amita also and reaches out extending both of his long arms, sneering at Amita. Then he yells in fury, “Give me that dang gun, Amita! Before I come over there and whip your fanny, little…”
The second bullet explodes from her lady pistol. Amita shoots the left-sided eyeball on Hixson.
Hixson jerks backwards from the deadly bullet impact and then covers his bloody face with both of his flat palms, tripping over his own feet, swiftly stumbling backwards. His foot hits the flat lip on the pit and the invisible air molecules that do not hold a human body. His body cannot recover from the twirling motion and as he is blinded by the blood.
Hixon falls down into the fissure pit to his death. A giant puff of white steam emerges upwards from the open pit and then drifts higher into the air waves. Then a tall heated plume colorful purple and green fire. The deep unforgiving fiery fissure quickly burns the fallen body of Hixson into an array of tiny bone fragments, loose human teeth, and several piles of heated ashes marking his permanent death day.
Amita swings around with a smile and holds her breathe firing the third bullet. The third bullet hits the upper leg muscle on a running McCamy. He tumbles down and falls sliding on top of the uneven planks cringing in pain. He wraps both of his cupped hands around his new leg wound while growling with hatred at Amita.
At the side wall, Tulu gasps in alarm and then races ahead towards the back spine on McCamy, feeling her worries.
“Amita!” Baycliff shouts out loud then slowly pulls his bloody grounded body across the hard wooden surface, cringing in pain.
“Do you see me, now, Baycliff? I’m a cowgirl, too. I can shoot, saddle, and spit, just like Taffy Pudding!” Amita yells tossing both of her arms in the air with the gun and shakes both of her hips while laughing out loud.
Taffy mentally performs the think object: flash blade. She produces a flash blade on the interior of her arm.
She had painted a yellow-tinted straight line inside the coolness of the rocket ship for both her body protection and her physical girly fight with an evil Director Hico.
Taffy slowly stands upright from the wooden surface and then moves around shuffling away from an injured Baycliff while protecting her friends and her family members. She smiles and says to Amita. “Of course, you can, honey bell.”
“Amita!” Baycliff shouts and tries to scoot across the wooden planks, trailing his blood proteins over the wood, cringing in pain and then huddles beside a grounded McCamy. They both continue to dress their leg wounds with pieces of ripped off cloth from Baycliff’s clothes. Each leg wound is not serious enough for a bleed-out but stings like a swarm of attacking wasps.
Amita raises the pistol again into her chest and then rushes ahead towards Taffy, screaming out loud in fury, “My man! My man! You took everything from me, Taffy Pudding!”
“Amita!” Baycliff shouts and rests sideways while bleeding on top of the wooden planks, cringing in pain, “You’re mad at me, not Taffy! Look! We can leave outta here and go talk someplace else about all of this!”
“No talk! No walk! No nothing! I got nothing! No family! No farm! No future!” Amita shouts and continues to race ahead producing sobs of her fury, pointing the warm barrel on her lady pistol at Taffy, “Dead! You are dead! You’re dead, Taffy Pudding, for my pain and suffering, for one solid year, living inside that dark, dunk, dead Silo. You tricked me with the same pretty pink colored thistle trick that you played on Director Hico.”
Taffy slowly advances ahead then veers sideways moving away from an injury Baycliff and McCamy, hiding her flash blade within her crooked elbow. She states and smiles at Amita. “I didn’t trick you, Amita. I didn’t want to go to Apprenticeship Program. But you did. And you went there, without me. Your lady pistol is empty, honey bell. It holds only four bullets. Vovina has not moved from that entrance wall, since I came back here into the battle fight. So, you killed Superintendent Vovina with your lady gun. I mean, I wished that I had killed her instead. Give me the gun! Then I won’t have to beat your ass, Amita.”
Amita halts her running motion and gasps in shock flinching with worry, looking down with confusion at her lady pistol.
That’s the distraction Taffy needs!
Taffy increases her speed then leaps up from the surface, flying in the air at Amita, reaching out for the gun. Taffy shoves Amita backwards. The smaller lady gun tumbles out from Amita’s cupped hands. Taffy drops down landing on her kneecaps on top of the platform, exhaling with a heavy grunt and then jerks the flash blade from her forearm skin.
Amita slowly stands upright first.
Taffy tries to stand but falls back down from her pair of oversized boots, waving both of her arms in the air with her flash blade. She mentally performs the think object: paint. The blade turns back into yellow paint for body safety on Taffy.
Amita gasps in pain and then dashes ahead towards the grounded pistol. Taffy views the grounded pistol again then leaps from a folded stance and flies in the air colliding into the rib cage on Amita. They both fall down landing on top of the rough hard surface.
Baycliff rests on top of the wood and bleeds through the cracks on the planks, laughing out loud, watching Taffy and Amita’s battle fight. He calmly states, “You know, McCamy, I usually enjoy watching two females fight, like a pair of pissed off alley cats, ripping massive handful chunks of pretty hair from each skull, along with all the pretty clothes from a naked body. But, in this instant, I seem to find that I’m a little partial with this round to…”
“…Taffy…” Tulu hollers for her sister, “Go, cowgirl!” She rushes ahead sliding down into the back spine on McCamy, cuddling next to him. They watch Taffy and Amita’s fight battle.
Taffy and Amita twirl in a fight dance on top of the un-even surface of hard planks pinching a fingernail into a cheekbone, punching a flying fist into an eye socket while still rolling towards the edge of the cliff.
“Taffy!” Baycliff shouts out loud and tries to stand upright but falls back down cringing from his leg wound.
“Taffy!” Tulu shouts and stands upright expressing her fear starting to step her boot toe towards her sister.
McCamy reaches out and catches the ankle bone on Tulu pulling his girl back down to the planks with him, hugging her body into his body. Amita will kill Tulu, if she gets the chance, but not a tough cowgirl Taffy.
Amita kicks out her pointy kneecap into the open mouth on Taffy. Taffy falls sideways and lands down on the hard surface, spitting out the blood proteins from her busted bottom lip. Taffy kicks out her boot toe and hits cutting the smooth cheekbone face on Amita. Amita tumbles backwards and then lands on her back spine on top of the hard wooden planks.
Taffy leaps in the air then lands upon her two booted feet, shuffling ahead, then squats down sitting in-between the chest cavity on Amita. She performs the think object within her mental mind: flash blade. She jerks a yellow-tinted flash blade from her anterior arm meat and holds her weapon in a two-fisted pose, staring down into the scared face on Amita. Taffy growls in anger then states with her nasty girly timber. “Once I loved you like a sister…”
A single bullet explodes from a live gun echoing into the night sky. Each face turns and stares at the open archway, on the entrance wall.
Taffy turns and then gasps in shock seeing a lonely figure standing at the entrance wall. Amita slams her arm into the rib cage on Taffy. Taffy rolls sideways and then shuffles off from Amita, landing down on top of the hard wooden planks.
In front of the entrance wall, Hico stands upright a few feet from the open archway, holding the shotgun on his hip. He extends his hand and shouts, “Amita!” Then a musical song starts to play from the exposed speaker boxes in the air waves.
In the year 1971, the musical song Witchy Woman from the musical album named Eagles and was performed by the American Roll and Rock musical band Eagles. The musical band members include Glenn Frey; Don Henley; Randy Meisner, and Bernie Leadon. The musical album named Eagles was produced by Glyn Johns. The guitar player Bernie Leadon composed the musical notes, giving the melody a very haunted and creepy feel.


Raven hair and ruby lips
Sparks fly from her fingertips
Echoed voices in the night
She’s a restless spirit on an endless flight

Woohoo, witchy woman
See how high she flies
Woohoo, witchy woman
She got the moon in her eye

She held me spellbound in the night
Dancing shadows and firelight
Crazy laughter in another room
And she drove herself to madness with a silver spoon

Woohoo, witchy woman
See how high she flies
Woohoo, witchy woman
She got the moon in her eye

Well, I know you want a lover
Let me tell you brother
She’s been sleeping in the Devil’s bed
And there’s some rumors going around
Someone’s underground
She can rock you in the night time, until your skin turns red

Woohoo, witchy woman
See how high she flies
Woohoo, witchy woman
She got the moon in her eye


Amita sits upright on her two kneecaps and turns with her smile to see Hico, slowly standing upright from the planks, brushing the dirt and sand from her bite-nats costume and then stares down at Taffy. She says with a nasty timber, “Once upon a time, I was princess in the land of cow and cotton. Then, I became the queen in the city of high technology and hidden hostages. We planned all of this, Taffy Pudding. You fell and failed for my ploy, kinda like, I fell and failed for your plot, Taffy.”
Taffy sits upright on her kneecaps and then turns to see the rocket ship. The rear compartment is open and is being emptied out by Hico new guards, who present a new bite-nats face mask, consisting of Rabbit, Squirrel and Bird. They steal the sixteen cans of bite-nats paint cans loading down into three rolling karts and then leave the wooden platform in silence.
Amita smiles, slaps her chest, and then shouts to the other teens. “I will, now, be leaving all of you, smelly cowboys and cowgirls, for my glamour destiny. Ebro has bargained with Hico. You will send cans of bite-nats paint, every season, to Metro City Birmingham. Then we do not invade here again.” She turns and scans the wooden platform, then the dark skyline, and returns back to see Taffy, moving ahead towards Hico and laughs out loud with an evil. She announces with a smile. “Now, ya’ll have a long, hard-working, and happy farm life here in South Beach.”
In front of the entrance wall, Hico stands in place with a grin and continues to hold the shotgun, extending open his arm for Amita. She cuddles into his body. They hug. She kisses his face and pulls back with a smile. They spin around and exit the platform in both peace and silence.
Ebro, Thelee, Tourann, and the other parents next enter the wooden platform, dashing ahead to their injured or healthy child, assisting with their care and love.

At 11:51 pm, among the warm temperatures with bright twinkling stars and rows of yellow moonlight beams, each teen and their parents surround the lip on the fissure pit located in the middle of the wooden planks used for the first annual Huntress and Hunter Games.
Ebro squats down at the side and lifts his dead son into his bent arms slowly back stepping from the wall, spinning around while sobbing with his own sad fatherly tears. He carefully moves ahead towards the fiery fissure and then stops staring down at the blue-tinted face on a smiling Rusk.
Years ago, when his son Rusk was three years old becoming hurt on top of his hard skull, falling off from the moving pony while trying to ride the horse’s saddle using his two cowboy boots, instead of his ten finger pads. Ebro and his wife were there to attend the hurt.
In front of the fissure pit, Ebro is going to miss his baby son, but the Prime Creator has granted him two colts in one delivery coming from his loving wife Pocola. Pocola had a hard time shoving out these two little pups from her inner guts, but she blessed Ebro with two hardworking and smart sons.
Now, Ebro silently thanks the Prime Creator, Brother Jesus, The Holy Spirit, and all his heavenly angels for his double gift of life. But Brother Jesus has decided that Rusk’s duty as a human is done and is needed back in heaven for his new duty as an angel. So, Ebro gets to keep his feisty but hardworking first born son McCamy. He slightly chuckles with amusement. McCamy and Ebro are two peas inside a farmer pod.
Ebro leans down and kisses the cold-feeling, blue-tinted forehead on Rusk while saying a silent heavenly prayer, thanking Brother Jesus for giving Ebro the chance to raise a good kid here on Planet Earth. He stands upright and exhales with sadness sniffing up the running snot, leaning over and tosses the bio-shell of Rusk, which is now only made of water and proteins, down into the flaming fire, burning the flesh and bones quickly.
Each Soul from Rusk and Pemona is living inside beautiful heavenly realm now.
Ebro repeats the same quiet and quick ritual with the blue-tinted body on Pemona, after learning her family unit had died, during the battle fight against Hico also. Thelee, Tourann, the other parents, and all the other teens still huddle for a set of quick prayers around the fissure funeral of both Rusk and Pemona.
A few minutes, before midnight, within a new early day, each sad parent escorts their battered and beaten single child or children back home to recover and recuperate from the nasty vicious dance fight with an evil Director Hico and a nasty Amita, during the first annual Huntress and Hunter Games.
Thirteen years later…


Month of January
Hot temperatures with bright sunshine
McCamy Farms
Flat meadow setting
04:04 p.m.


On the edge of the flat meadow with the wild flowers and purple tinted thistles, a herd of grazing cows enjoy the fertile tiny grasslets. Four years old, blonde-haired, pony-tailed, skinny child named Pemona dashes ahead from her house and then stops standing inside the two open arms on her Uncle McCamy. She is the only child from the married couple Taffy and Baycliff.
She wiggles sideways with a giggle and holds a dusty mini-television device between her dirty fingers, saying with a smile. “Uncle McCamy! Uncle McCamy! Look at this old thing. Can you see the pictures that move with tiny people that talk out loud? If I twist this little knob, you hear…”
“Welcome to the Fourteen Annual Huntress and Hunter Game! I am your hostess Superintendent Amita. May I present my husband of Metro City Birmingham, Director Hico. He and I are here tonight to…”
McCamy reaches down and twists the knob, reducing the volume on the device, removing the machine from her tiny hands. He drops the machine down on top of the grass and says. “Happy Birthday, Pemona!” An older and wiser McCamy wears a grayish black-tinted face of whiskers on a muscular body reaching out and pats the worn tree stump with his calloused hand. He reaches out and lifts her body landing her butthole on top of the tree stump.
Pemona kicks out her naked legs and feet pointing down at the machine then states. “I went exploring and found it with my mama down inside that hot cave. I helped her cook up that blue shiny glitter paint. Can we go there to the place on the television machine, too? They got lots of pretty prizes. I like prizes, Uncle McCamy.”
He leans down with a smile and whispers into her dirty cheekbone. “You know, I got some prizes, too.”
She gasps in shock then states with a smile. “Do you too! Are the prizes for me too?”
He grins then states. “Extend your arm, muffin.” She reaches out and smashes her small palm into his dirty shirt as McCamy chuckles then says. “That’s my girl.” He paints a single pink-tinted circle around her tiny wrist bone, reaching up, gently touching her temple. “Close your eyelashes. Think the picture of a pink bracelet.”
Pemona closes her two eyelashes, softly hums a song, wiggles her nose, and finally waves her hand in the air and as the warmth invades her arm and then the coolness creates her mentally image coming from her brain cells. She opens her two eyelashes and gasps in shock saying with a smile, “O wow!” She reaches out and gently touches each individual pink tinted bead, on the single bracelet, using her finger. “What’s it?”
“It is magic, Pemona!” He whispers then leans down planting his light kiss on her dirty cheekbone, pulling back with a chuckle to his cute niece.
She studies the bracelet and states with confusion, “Magic! May I please keep my new pink bracelet, Uncle McCamy?”
He leans down and whispers with a smile into her face, again, “You can keep the pink bracelet foreverly, muffin.” She giggles with delight. He sits back and then reaches out lifting her body up from the old tree stump, standing her naked feet on top of the soft grass. He states with a grin. “Why don’t you go and show, Mama?”
She scratches her arm from the insect bite and fidgets on top of the grass on a pair of skinny legs, nodding with a smile. “Yeah! I wanna go and show everyone! Mama, Daddy, Grandma Tourann, Grandpa Thelee, Granddaddy Ebro, Aunt Tulu, and even mean old cousin Rusk, too. Come and look at pretty me! Come on, Uncle McCamy! It’s time for supper.” She spins around with a giggle and then races ahead towards the wooden front porch on Tulu and McCamy’s house while carefully waving her arm with the tiny pink beaded bracelet in the air. She continues to yell out loud for her family members to come and see her new pink tinted bracelet.
McCamy slowly stands upright from the grass and protectively watches while smiling with delight at his new and old family members, starting to limp ahead towards his house to kiss his wife Tulu and hug his only child Rusk, before the wonderful hot suppertime meal with all his kin and kind, and is very grateful for all of his blessings here within the South Beach Colony on Planet Earth.









THE END

