


SOUNDS 




OF 




SHADOWS




BY



UREH RUTH OLOWU



Copyright 2018 - SOUNDS OF SHADOWS

ISBN: 9780463454794
Smashwords Edition


No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means electronic or mechanical including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system without permission in writing from the publisher or author.



Published online by:

Alphikka Technologies
Phone: +2348160288961, 
Email: info@alphikkatech.com.ng
Address: 4 Okomoko Street, D/line, 
Port Harcourt, Rivers State, Nigeria. 




DEDICATION

Dedicated to God Almighty and to all those who have been hurt in some way and will not let go.




TABLE OF CONTENTS

Dedication
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven 
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen




CHAPTER ONE

“I am only but a boy; no one would listen to me let alone believe what I say”
“Obiku, you are not just a boy. You are different in a special way. No one in this entire community possesses the gift you do”
Obiku had never thought himself gifted; they always called him the mischievous one. It really makes sense to address him as gifted. If she knows about his gifts, perhaps she could teach him how to use them.
“What did you say you wanted me to do for you?
The lady’s lip warped into a smile and then she moved closer to him and stooped so that they were the same height.
“I want you to save one of your own” she said in a whisper. And again she stood up as if attempting to get away from him and shouted “I want you to save her from going to the dungeons of despair”
The lady has always spoken in parables not considering that she could be thrice his age and more knowledgeable than he was. She had never taken any thought to explain what she meant. 
“She now resides in the big city close to….”
 this was the first time she was ever leaving a lead and God help in no time he would be done with this assignment and rid of her. His door was pushed ajar and his mum forced herself inside, he hurriedly sat up and realized she must have been knocking on his door for God knows how long.
 “Obiku you have started again, oh no! Not after the spiritualist assured me that your incessant dream conversations would cease” his mum was so crossed but he couldn’t tell who with; whether with him or the lying prophetess that told so many lies about him, telling his mum that some evil spirit had possessed him and that he needs thorough cleansing. When he looked straight into her eyes, she cringed and because the mum had perceived, she said that him-Obiku- was performing what she called the mind ritual, something he had never heard of. She cooked up so many lies just to embezzle money from his mum. The most annoying part was the huge amount of money she-his mum- had given her-the spiritualist- to perform the necessary sacrifice and she promised to come back for him to conclude everything. She would never dare, she had scampered with the money and his mum had never believed him. 
“Leave your bed at once. That spirit must be somewhere in your room, and you are moving to the room next to my room” he couldn’t imagine himself leaving his pint-sized room that can barely hold over four persons, his bed is so small so that he sometimes thinks he would fall out of it and hit his body on the rough floor that haven’t yet heard of such thing as cement. His small wooden chair held his lamp that has been reduced to the barest minimum, his clothes laid in heaps beneath his bed and some running out and lying carelessly like children being chased by owu, the village masquerade, his square window that was as small as a family size photo album, which ushered in limited air especially at nights when the sea breeze plays hide and seek with the trees making them run around the village, distributing air to the villagers. His papa had given him high hopes when once he’d told him that a new house would be built and a bigger room with big bed would be given him but his hope ran in different directions when his papa was taken away one night by the slave raiders three years ago. That season a lot of villagers got missing and no one knew who took them or where they were taken. The head chief, who died six market days ago then declared curfew once it was dusk. That fateful day when his papa was stolen, he had eaten leftover food from the day before and then he had running stomach, the latrine at the back of the house was overflowing and was covered with cocoyam leaves and papa had sent for the onyenburu ; the shit carrier to come and fetch it with his bucket at night. The onyenburu told papa that he would come a little earlier since it wasn’t safe to walk at night anymore, but he didn’t show up. Papa had no option than to go to a nearby bush to stool, he declined all mama’s pleas to use the small bucket in the kitchen and said it was unhygienic, but mama said his life was far more important than hygiene. He acted deaf and left the house, and when he didn’t come for the next hour, mama raised her voice but no one came out to see why she was shouting, not even papa. He was gone and it’s been three years since.  Obiku was given little time to get used to the radical change, her voice was so commanding like she had never been before and he stared mouth agape with such incredulousness.
“Stop gawking and start parking” he was awoken to reality by her last rash words. When she left he chewed over what the lady had told him, who actually is the girl that was going to destroy herself and how? How could someone voluntarily walk into fire?  The questions lingered in his head.

His mum could be right; he hadn’t seen her ever since he relocated to this room. She could be a spirit that lives in his room. Shockingly he was missing her; he regards her appearances as spices to his sleep and life. That night before he went to bed, he prayed for her to appear and he went expectantly to his bed hoping his prayers would be answered, but to his disappointment she didn’t come. He woke up the next morning feeling deserted. But he still has to tell some grownups what transpired between him and the lady. He thought of no one but Uloma. She lives just three blocks away from their house, and she has an accommodating heart. But would she believe him or wave it away and call him mischievous like everyone else. 

Anyone coming in could tell Uloma was upset, or maybe confused.
“Obiku, everyone in this community knows about you’re….” Uloma halted briefly as if recalling something. “You could be right but if these your dreams are really a message, then you must prove it, as they say, the message is greater than the messenger.”
She said it matter-of-factly, but how was he supposed to prove something he has no complete details of. To make matters worse, the lady no longer comes to visit his dreams now Uloma that once had confidence in him will henceforth consider him foolish.
 On his way home, he resolved to go back to her the next morning tell her he was sorry, that he sought a reason to see her because he hadn’t seen her for a while that was why he came up with the story.
“I don’t even know what I want someone else to believe”. He thought bitterly. 
The track that led to his house suddenly illuminated and he could see a very far distance from where he stood. He saw a little girl bending searchingly around a little hut and he went closer to see that it was the hut contained a latrine. She was a little older than he is, and then she found two long tiny sticks. She had this worried expression, which when she went inside and came out with a small underpants hanging in between the stick, changed into a smile. It was obvious her pant had fallen into the latrine and she used the stick to fetch it. Just then a second girl about her age came running, she almost ran into the former when she saw the pant and stopped immediately, she was panting heavily. They were conversing and he wondered what they were saying, Obiku’s curiosity pushed him closer so he could hear them, he hid behind some trees. 
“Uloma you will never change. I know your pants fell into the latrine and you picked it up again, can’t you tell your mum the truth for once?
“My mum is not like your mum Beulah, she’d beat life out of me and besides I have just two pants”
Beulah’s facial expression turned from plain to pity “eh ya all will be well okay. We will both grow up someday and become great women in the society” Beulah squeezed Uloma’s cheek and they both smiled. 
“You have never met Beulah and no one else knows of that incident, but both of them. Tell her that and she will believe you” it’s the lady, she has come back to show him something from Uloma’s past and the girl in question is Beulah; Uloma’s childhood friend.




CHAPTER TWO

Beulah woke up trembling, her hands and feet vibrating. She had woken up from a terrible nightmare, and a warning. All she could feel was tremor. She rushed to the bathroom, took her bath, slipped into a velvet torques gown. It was a Saturday and work free day, She decided to go for a stroll around the children’s park. She walked to a secluded corner, stood motionless gazing into space and then caught a sight of the pelicans playing in the field unperturbed, then the whole scene of last night flashed into her head, how she almost died in her dreams and was revived, and also earlier today when she was warned to stay away from things she didn’t know else she would die. Beulah was living in fear, fear of the unknown.
The fear was starting to elude her momentarily when she felt a tap on her left shoulder; the fear surged over her again. She turned fiercely; saw his face but she didn’t take note of his features. She had sunk deep in her thoughts so that she didn’t hear him coming and she knew that of a surety she was in danger.
“I am Shama Duke” He stretched out a well structured hand with finely manicured nails. “I noticed you from afar, you have been standing here for over thirty minutes, and you look troubled, are you alright?
Beulah was at her wit’s end, she gasped to speak.
“Beulah, Beulah Marshal”
It was then she noticed he was a gallant young man with such juvenile dimples and flamboyant outfit. He was polished, the kind of guy any girl will give an eye-teeth just to call her man. Shama was blessed with bulgy eyes, pointed nose and the nicest set of dentition Beulah had ever seen. He was tall with such straight long legs that could be seen even beneath his pant, they stood tall like guava trees, he was cute, Beulah admitted. He looks a perfect gentleman to her and she liked him instantly. For a moment she forgot about her worries, Shama got her in the slickest way. He’s got quite an accent which doesn’t seem like an exaggeration. He spoke such polished English; he could be passed for an English man. He rocks.
“Why are you out so early and alone?
He broke into her thoughts; she lowered her brows but said nothing.
“Fine! Retorted Shama “I’ll just be on my way cos’ it’s obvious you don’t wish to be bugged.” He turned to leave.
“No” she snapped, 
It was out before she realized she had slobbered over him, he grimaced, and then she blushed.
“We should sit, over there, ladies are not meant to stand for long”
After you, he said.
She gaited sluggishly .Notwithstanding her sluggish movement, her feline grace was very much blatant, Shama noticed her slinky outfit, and she’s a raving beauty without a doubt. He didn’t want to let himself get carried away by this outrageous beauty, he already had but was determined he won’t let her know. Beulah is a goddess, she must be created on a Sunday by God himself who took time to ensure everything was in place and perfect. She’s hot and scintillating. Shama stared at her with penetrating eyes; she has the right curves in the right places. She is attractive.

She is endowed with sleepy eyes, succulent lips, chocolate shiny skin, well arranged eye lashes. Her slender body did not prevent her hips from protruding. Her backside can make a fleet of cars halt, her stomach is as flat as that of a lizard and it enhanced her boobs which stood firm like twin pawpaw on a tree. She crowned it all with her graceful magnificent movement. 

“Where did you learn how to walk like that?
She faltered and paused.
“I didn’t say you should stop, just that I admire your step”
“I detest people lauding me to my face”
“It’s a good thing I’m letting you know in other for you to know your worth, or what do you think?
“I know my worth”
She retorted, turning to look at him. He was too close for comfort. His lips almost touched hers as they held each other’s gaze a few seconds. Fear swirled into Beulah as goose bumps whirled all over her, she was panting and looked away abruptly.
“Life has a way of moving us into the right direction if and only if we let it”
She glanced at him, not sure of what he meant.
“Yes! It just did”
He added, grinning boyishly. They sat next to each other  Beulah became more uncomfortable as minutes rolled by in silence, this dude next to her is a total stranger, she had nothing to say to him and she had not fully recovered from her trauma. She stood up and told him she was leaving, Shama didn’t object as it was blatant they had nothing to say to each other. 
“Can I see you again?”
He drawled over her shoulders. She nodded and then he walked in front of her, brought out his pen and a small piece of paper from his pocket and handed it over to her. She scribbled something into it.
“Do you practice medicine?
He inquired. She laughed aloud, knowing he meant her bad writing. She had been teased countless times about her writing; some even went as far as saying she needed to redo nursery classes so as to learn how to write clearly and properly.
“No I’m not, I’m an auditor. I guess I didn’t learn how to write”
“Thanks”
He said grinning as he walked away.

Weeks elapsed and no word came from Shama. It didn’t bother her because she has met so many guys like him who promises to call but vanishes into thin air. She counted him as one.




CHAPTER THREE

Uloma was always wearing her natural African woven hair, not a soul would have imagined the atrocities she was committing. Beulah languished in perplexity when she saw Uloma at the galleria in a transformed look, Beulah was unpalatably amazed, she looked taller,  thanks to her five inches high heels shoes, not forgetting to complement her Brazilian designer jeans trousers.
 “Uloma” Beulah screamed, when Uloma didn’t respond she became ashamed that she had made a blunder, or probably because she wasn’t close to her. Uloma on her end heard her name but she was uncertain anyone would know her in the city. Presumably, it was some other person that bears the same first name as her. Beulah moved close so she could take a closer look at the lady that looked very much like her childhood bosom friend, of course in a different version.
 “Uloma”, this time she was sure she must be heard. Certainly she was. To her greatest surprise, it was indeed her friend.
“I thought I’d never see you, God this city is so broad and probably over crowded”. She clutched her purse firmly as if trying to protect it from being snatched.  “I can hardly find my way around it”
Beulah was still lost in awe, this her friend sure do have a way of freezing time and taking advantage of it.
 “Beulah! Are you with me? She tapped Beulah’s shoulder, “where did all this people migrate from, are their houses on fire? Typical of a novice, hmmm this Sheila has some filling in to do.
 “Come with me” she pulled Uloma a bit hard and this made her jerk and she got hold of herself, but had no time to stop because Beulah was already pulling her through the crowd and Uloma followed sheepishly.

 “Is any buddy home?
It sounded close by. Beulah would have sworn it came from her neighbor’s because she wasn’t expecting anyone. The masculine voice persisted and she said to check so as to leave a message for her neighbor. Beulah almost bumped into him. She’d forgotten about him, just one or two flashes about their meeting.
“All hail the long awaited King Shama. Thought I’d never see you again”
“How long have you waited just to see this moment materialize?
“Like ages”
She slobbered before she could hold it back.
“No, no, it’s just that you said to call sometime soon but took like ages”
She tried to defend herself, but it was futile. It was a Freudian slip. Shama was already smiling broadly. She likes him. He felt half accomplished. Beulah was going to be his, soon and very soon.
“I was on my way to launch, I’d appreciate a company”
Beulah was shielding him from looking into her room. The room had papers scattered everywhere.  When she did not respond to his request, he took her silence for consent.
“I’ll sit inside while you get into something cozy”. He found his way past her and into the living room.
“I read a lot of everything and a little of nothing”. She said, making excuses for her unkempt room
“Don’t you have a library?”
He grimaced as if exasperated by the room.
“I do. Just that I feel more comfortable here than in the library”
“You should use the library often”
“Taken, this is indeed an emotional satire”
“Good, get into something slinky as the one you wore the day we met”
It was her first date after college. She became so nervous, she was afraid it wrote over her. Was it really a date or a lonely guy just needed company and thought of a desperate lady that best suits the job? She was soon to find out as she changed into one of her designers pants she bought for herself on Valentine’s Day and a torques halter neck top. She had been told several times how stunning she looks in torques outfits, so she deemed it a task to always wear torques on first dates. 
‘You are flawless”
Shama commented, moping at her as she came out to meet him.
“You flatter me even in my house”
“Flattering are for fools, I do nothing but compliment your elegance”
Beulah wondered where she acquired such courage to look at a man in the face and talk back at him. She really is growing but didn’t notice. 
“This is against the rule”
She said as they both walked towards his car.
“What is against what rules?”
“Lady’s rules. Never grant a guy’s first wish”
“Rubbish that is college rule. A damsel your estate shouldn’t be associated with such old school jargons”
She cringed at his statement. Its belittling that Shama thinks her rules outdated. First it was her room and now her words. This guy indeed has a way of making someone feel insignificant but she must brace up or else she loses her wits completely. 
“Where are you taking me?” she asked when Shama ignited the car. He waited till he drove out of her neighborhood before he responded.
“Downtown”
“Where precisely”
“Somewhere you’d appreciate. Who’s Beulah Marshal”
He regarded her with squinted eyes. His side glance made her feel uneasy and she looked out of the window.
“Courtesy demands that you tell me who you are first”
“Here we are”
Shama cuts in. Beulah would never have thought of a place this exquisite in the same city she lives.
“Its magnificent” she said ogling at every detail of the hotel.
“I told you, you’ll appreciate my thirst. Now look who’s carried away”
At this she quickly got hold of herself and recalled she needed bracing up to match his incessant sanctimonious blabbing. During their meal, Shama talked about his achievements and the heights he hopes to attain in the nearest future. He even promised to make her his empress when he becomes the king in the empire he is building for himself. Admitting he is too proud for comfort, Beulah found him charming and purposed to hold on and never let him go. He is presentable and would make a nice husband despite his egoistic nature, after all unlike attracts. When Beulah got home that day, all she thought of was Shama and how he’d made every effort to impress her, notwithstanding the fact that he commented on every single flaw he noticed in her. Shama is for the keeps, she soliloquized.

Uloma didn’t come back from the hotel where she checked in once she got into town the previous day until late at night when Beulah was almost asleep. She knocked heavily on the door, bringing Beulah to her feet in a panic. “Do you know what time it is? She helped uloma with her luggage and waited for Uloma to come in with the second one before bolting the door. “I could hardly sleep for worry, what kept you” Uloma threw herself into the twin-sitter sofa “c’mon Beulah; u wouldn’t bug yourself with boring details of my day. Go to sleep we’ll talk for long at dawn, curiosity has taken over you” Beulah laughed aloud hardly believing herself. “Are you serious?”
“Yeah, search yourself”
“Fine! My fingers are crossed. See you in the morning” she had gone half way into the bedroom when she turned and to uloma “join me in the bedroom soon”. 
 Subsequently, Shama became a regular visitor in her apartment. They went out on several dates, one of which she had confessed to him that she was in love with him and that she wanted to step up the relationship. He had convinced her that he was putting everything in place before finally settling down with her. That night, he kissed her passionately and she felt her knees would go off for their weakness. When they got to her house, he made passionate love to her and Beulah felt this was it, that Shama is all she wants in a man.

A few weeks into Uloma’s arrival and she has said nothing concerning her visit. She kept giving excuses and postponing the discussion. Beulah had run out of reasons to keep keeping up with her cunning ways. She had grown to be secretive, and this part of her Beulah never noticed while they were growing up. She used to be straightforward and open minded towards everyone. She wasn’t surprised, admitting they hadn’t seen each other for a very long time. She decided it was time for some truth telling, after all Uloma promised to give her a download of her visitation. 
Although work was very tiring that day, but Uloma’s story was equally as important. She got home, hoping Uloma was out as usual and would come back as late as she was used to, but she was entirely wrong. Uloma was gone and so were her luggage. “mystery will never cease”. Beulah thought

Days grew into weeks, as weeks turned into months, Shama didn’t make any effort to take her to his house or even propose marriage to her as she thought he would and each time she talks about it with him, he always said he liked her very much and was waiting for the right time, which never came. No negative thoughts flooded Beulah’s mind as she was very much in love with him.
“Shama honey”
“Yes Beu” as he usually calls her.
“Do you know how long we have been dating?”
“Tell me” he responded still concentrating on his movie
“In three months, we would be having our one year anniversary”
“Interesting, tell me more”
Shama’s nonchalant attitude towards the issue startled her and aggravated the fury in her.
“It's been from one hotel to another and then to my house. Will we ever get to your house or even your work place?”
“See what I told you about patience, its taking you away from the Promised Land”
When he said this, she flared up.
“Damn the Promised Land, how long will I meander in the wilderness and you sit still burying yourself in a characterless movie to preach to me about patience. Go on, tell me about my insecurity, my non-composure, my bad eating habits and every other wrong attitude you found in me”
Shama quietly stood up, went over to the wardrobe, picked his shirt, put them on and walked out on her. He said nothing to her. 
“Where are going”
She screamed over his shoulders but he still didn’t make any attempt in speaking to her.
“Fine! Go away. This relationship is fruitless”
Shama walked out in quietude and banged the door behind him. The sound of the door sent chills down her spine and the instantaneous vacuum created woke her up to the harsh reality that he was gone and will probably not return. How would she find him, when earlier in the relationship, she had made futile effort to trail him. She loves this man and can’t afford to lose him. Beulah broke into tears; maybe she had been impatience and had over-reacted. The nightmare came again and left Beulah trembling in the middle of the night. It was the third time she was having exactly the same nightmare and she was sure it wasn’t ordinary. It’s a message of some sort and she needs to see her mum, she needs to seek the wisdom and advice of her mum.




CHAPTER FOUR

The journey to Ibinu took over three hours. Beulah was completely exhausted by the time she got there. Ibinu is a small settlement in Namidi which is known for its cozy and tranquil environs. The villagers live in peace and are mostly farmers, fishers and palm wine producers. They have this belief of being related in some way and for this reason practice exogamy, else Beulah would have long married Ike whom she was very fond of. They became friends when Beulah was three and Ike was five years old. They went to school and came back together. Beulah took her food to Ike’s house and Ike did likewise whenever he has his. Ike is the son of Ugo, and Ugo is the descendant of Ndidi, Beulah’s great grand uncle’s wife.

Beulah went straight to see Ike’s parents, who were relaxing under an almond tree beside their hut.
 “It’s been a while since Beulah came to see her mum”.
 Ugo cut into his wife’s melody.
“Are you missing her already? His wife asked with a pious look and sang unabated.
“It’s a relatively long time we saw our would-have-been daughter in-law” as he calls her. “Or don’t you miss her yourself”
Before his words touched the ground, Beulah stepped into the compound.
“Talk of the devil and he appears”
“Good evening papa, good evening mama” Beulah greeted on bended knees.
“You are welcome my daughter” they responded in unison.
“My would-have-been daughter in-law, I just mentioned you to Mama Ike and the next second you appeared. You will live long my daughter” 
 “Thank you papa” Beulah squatted “how is Oriema and Aforma”
“I knew you would ask after your would-have-been husband. Everyone is fine. In fact Ike left for the city two weeks back and he also asked after you. It’s just the lack of electricity that has been giving us so much concern, the last few years, top politicians and aspiring ones have been coming to our village to mobilize us, asking us to cast our vote and in return they’d promise us electricity and a better life. “My daughter we have ignorantly wielded power into the wrong hands”
Mr. Ugo never allows his wife to contribute whenever there is a conversation. She isn’t bothered because she had been married to him for over thirty years and is used to his chattering. Mr. Ugo is a chatterbox. Most times his wife gets tired of him, but he goes on and on like he kissed blarney.
“Did you notice the high tension along the village road?
She couldn’t tell why but the question sounded preposterous. Be logical old man, anyone could have noticed it. Even the blind man would run it to it.
“I did” she replied hesitantly.
“Good, it was planted their by some power mongers who tricked us into believing that the connection would be made after their first month in the office. All lies, bloody deceivers, blatant fools, headed for abyss”
The speech was beginning to bore life out of Beulah; she sought for a means to get away from such unscrupulous conversation
 “Mama, Papa, I just came in and my mum is not aware of my arrival, let me rush home so I’ll meet her before she leaves for evening service, you know today is Thursday and mama never misses her bible study”
That was the perfect excuse, granted it is a sincere one. 
“Well done my daughter, em, say hello to your mama for me and tell her i shall come see her tomorrow” said Mrs. Ugo to Beulah.
“Yes mama, I will”
She flinched on her way back home hoping to catch up with her mum at home. Her mother was at the door struggling with the lock when she entered the compound. “Mama” Mrs. Marshall barely turned before Beulah rushed into her arms and held her for what seemed like eternity, she really had missed her mum. Her mum pulled her back and hugged her again. It was a moment they both wished would never end, her dad had died when they were much younger and her mum did all kinds of menial jobs just to see them through school. As widows in this part of the universe are treated like aliens, her mum went through all kinds of humiliation in the hands of so-called relatives. Till date widows are still regarded as trash that deserves to be emptied into the ocean, she wondered when the government would look into the plight of widows and their children. Their mum is everything her sister, Ruby, and her have in the whole world.

After Mrs. Marshall had returned from the evening service, she called her daughter to have a chat with her, she was eager to speak.
 “My daughter, I’ve had series of troubling nightmare about you. I see you going to your enemies and I keep warning you to be careful. Each night I wake up wondering if you were in trouble” Beulah wondered what her mum meant, whether the nightmares she had were the same as her mum’s.
 “I’ve had similar experience myself and its one of the reasons I came to the village” 
Beulah related everything to her mum, told her of the day she met Shama and the day the dreams started. They talked virtually about everything that mattered to them, even about Nenye’s wedding which was one of the other reasons she came. But she didn’t breathe a word about Uloma’s visit, when she asked after Uloma, her mum said she had grown wild and no longer informs anyone of her where about, she also said that Uloma is now friends with a pesky mysterious boy that not even the mother speaks good about. After which her mum prayed with her and she went to bed.
Festivity was in the air as people trouped in with packages and all brands of cars were parked around the vicinity. It’s unlike little but cozy Ibinu village. Well dressed persons and unkempt children moved around hoping to get victuals for themselves. The band played a traditional song and aged villagers danced at the village square. Eleba the madman had been murmuring even before the ceremony began, he was vehement because he had been relocated from the town square to a small hut. He talked flippantly but no one looked his way. He almost broke a little boy’s head with a big stick beside him when an elderly man about the same age with him noticed him moving the stick towards the kid and immediately rushed to stop him. They asked him what his problem was and he complained that since the occasion began that he hadn’t tasted even water, that he was very hungry and no one cared about him. He said it with tears running down his cheek. The elderly man felt pity for him and assured him that he would get him everything he needed and Eleba was duly taken care of. Persons from all walks of life graced the ceremony; it was one of its kinds. Nenye, Beulah’s cousin, one of the nicest in the family, when she wrote to Beulah to break the news of her marriage to her, Beulah had to organize her schedule so she could attend ceremony and as well see her mum without displacing every other important effects.
It was 5pm already and the occasion was just beginning, the groom was yet to come and bride was still not ready to show herself. Men and women assembled in different canopies, singing and dancing. When the groom eventually came, his family and that of the bride had a small traditional fight which the groom’s family conquered and carried the bride. The next scene was the display of emotion, she gave her dad a long hug that lasted till the cows come home and broke down incoherent with tears. She was escorted by maidens to the groom’s village and red capped chief crowned it with matrimonial advice. It was a long and memorable weekend.




CHAPTER FIVE

When Beulah got back to her house at Ojeba, everything was just as she left them. What change was she actually expecting when life keeps snipping bad luck at her? If only she could live a normal life, she thought wistfully. But she was so worked up; her tiredness supersedes her wistful mood. She fell asleep on the sofa and a knock on the door woke her up.
“Who is it? Beulah asked feeling depressed
“It’s i Emerald. There’s a note for you” at this, Beulah reached for the door and opened it. 
“Who from” 
“He didn’t say but he said the content will tell” 
“Thanks, Beulah said discharging her. The note in her hand provoked her curiosity. Who could it be that will leave a note without leaving a name? As she opened it, it reads;

Meet me at sapphires by 8pm. A gorgeous look will do. - Shama

 He has come back and wishes to see her. What would she wear, her hair is out of form and it’s almost 7pm, she has not more than an hour to prepare. But on a second thought, maybe she shouldn’t see him. This was the same guy that left her hurting and now he wants her to come in cheap like she did the first time, never. But where has he been? With his wife, parents, or out on a business trip? What if he wants to propose marriage to her and she didn’t show up, will he change his mind? If his love for her was genuine then why did he abandon her without pre information? Beulah needed answers to the questions crowding in her head and Shama alone has the answers she desires. 
I hope I’ll appear appealing to him, she preened herself in one of her pink satin gowns that flowed to her toes. Her hair coming down to her shoulders with a very light makeup. I’m going to have a conversation with him that will seal every rift in our relationship. Sapphire hotel was two streets away and she resolved to take a cab so they would both drive home in his car. She got there thirty minutes late because of her little delay home; she didn’t want to arrive at exactly 8pm so as not to flaunt her curiosity. When she got there, Shama was already seated at one end looking gallant as always.
“Hi” he muttered
“I’m sorry I’m late, how long have you waited” she asked as she pulled out a seat and lowered herself on it.
“I came 8pm prompt” they were both silent for minutes, Shama stared deeply into her eyes and this made her extremely uncomfortable. He hesitated before he spoke. “I apologize for the way I left”  
She nodded looking away from his piercing gaze. “I understand perfectly, very few men can put up with a nagging wife” another Freudian slip. Was she this desperate and she hadn’t noticed all this while? After all she is only twenty four. He reached for his pocket and brought out a small box and a wedding ring fell off in the process and immediately he picked it up and put in back.
“Whose wedding ring is that? Are you married? Is that the reason you don’t want me visiting your home?
“Don’t be such a nagging wife, it’s a twin to this” he said opening the box “marry me” 
Beulah’s mystification was inestimable; all the gamut of emotions overwhelmed her. The only thing she could do was nod her head. Her eyes were watery with tears. “Did I commend your beauty, its incomparable especially tonight? I love you Beulah” she blushed and nodded again. There drive home was placid and that night he made hot love to her. The perpetuities of their love and relationship cannot be gainsaid. This is heaven and nothing short of it, Beulah affirmed.

The next morning dawned with Shama nowhere around the house, his car gone and not even a note was left of him. Beulah supposed an urgent need came up, he left to attend to it and she was certain he’d return before dark. It was a lustrous day and she wished Shama had woken up beside her. The first working day of the week is always busy and stressful; she wore a purple cotton shirt and black pant which made her feel casual and comfortable. So much for the day, she picked her bag and headed for her car. That day at the office, Beulah wore so much smile so that virtually everyone noticed it, she envisaged a life with Shama, there children; how lovely they’d be when Shama’s handsome features and hers blends. Her thoughts hovered around Shama and the night before. “I’m the luckiest woman on earth” she said aloud. When two days elapsed and Shama was not yet returned, Beulah was beset by his continuous absence and she wondered why he’d go away for days without writing, even if he couldn’t deliver it, the courier services were there to do it for him. As days became weeks and weeks months, she beset the more if something bad had happened to him. No reasonable living man will leave a woman a day after he proposed to her; Shama is no doubt in some sort of trouble. The mere thought of it made her cry that she was handicapped to helping him. But as months turned to years, she realized he was gone and would never come back to her. What brutality, Satan had come in form of a man to live with her. He was a handsome devil, she admitted. Her love, rhapsody, and enthusiasm grew to hate grief and agony; her anger heightened by the day and ate up to her bones. She hated every form of men. “How can a man I love be so mean to me? She became a shadow of herself. Every man will pay for the sin of one man.
Little wonder he said some things in life have a way of fading away, that the most beautiful rose will wither with time, the most enchanting woman will no longer be as enchanting when age comes knocking, and even a seemingly strong relationship built on lust will definitely crumble at the minutest trial of time. And he concluded by saying that any relationship built on true love will be eternal. Beulah never understood what he meant until he left her months later, and then it dawned on her that their relationship, if any, was built on lust. She also recalled what her mum told her that no man is worth her tears and that the only one who is will never make her cry and she knew that Shama was not worth her tears. Good riddance to bad rubbish. Shama is a self-centered egoistic snub. Beulah perfectly understood when Bruce left her, they weren’t compatible granted they were best of friends. Marriage between Bruce and her wouldn’t have lasted more than a fourth night, it would have headed  straight for the rocks before they even stepped out from the church after they were joined by the priest. There was a vast chasm between them, their thoughts and views went the opposite. Bruce and her had sat and talked it over and they resolved on remaining friends and finding someone else to love. Though she was hurt, a short time swept away her grief. Few months after she and Bruce separated, she met Lawrence in a restaurant where stopped for launch. The day she met him, she had sat all day in the office in front of the computer developing a software for an Engineering firm that hired her. She is an account auditor, she had graduated from the department of accountancy in Topaz University at the age of twenty one, by the time she was twenty three years old she had rounded up her national youth service and got a job with an Engineering firm. She was so dedicated to her job, she worked nine hours daily. Beulah rarely eats out except on days when she was too tired to cook or when she wakes up late and the day she met Lawrence was one of those even days. She got so hungry after launch time so that she couldn’t think of anything but food. The hunger became unbearable that she piled up and checked around to be sure she wasn’t forgetting anything, locked her office and told her secretary she’d be back in about an hour’s time. Having no particular place in mind, she stopped at the first eatery she found, it was almost empty as it was after launch time. She took a sit the air outlet so she could regain little of her worn out tissues and she ordered for toasted turkey and smashed potatoes and a pack of juice, she had barely eaten when she noticed a man staring rigidly at her two tables away from hers, the stare was so intense that it made her uncomfortable and she couldn’t help but smile at him as she did, he stood up and walk directly towards her.
“I saw you walk in, you are such an angel” he said as he sat in an empty chair in front of her. He’s a hunk she mused presumably single and no harm will come to her if she hooked up with him.
“Flattering will get you nowhere”
“I flatter you not. I speak the truth”
“I used to think angels go on white garments and have these magnificent immaculate wings. Thanks for altering my long-term-erroneous imagination. “Don’t get me wrong, I just mean you look like an angel”
“Sorry I haven’t noticed my new form. I broke my mirror two days back.”
Lawrence laughed hysterically
“You’re so funny”
“That’s also a new one.”
“Enough of the clowning. What’s your angelic name?”
“Courtesy demand you say yours first”
“Alright, you are so stubborn and pushy. My name is Lawrence.”
“Mr. Lawrence, I see two plates at your table, I presume you’re not alone.”
“Sweetheart, I’m as lonely as a cat. The second plate was used by some other customers and the waiters probably forgot to clear the table because of my haste and how hungry I was when I came in”
He said this with shifty eyes and Beulah knew it was rare for waiters in a food outlet this prominent, to forget to clear a table after a customer has left, but why would he tell lies to someone he barely knew?
“Your name, angel.”
He said cutting into her thoughts before she could say a thing, a lady, a very elegant one, walked in directly to their table. If she were a rival, then the competition would be tough, maybe undecided, she tapped Lawrence on his left shoulder. He trembled and quickly got hold of himself, his tremor was obvious but Beulah couldn’t comprehend why a mere touch could make him quiver.
“Honey, you never mentioned you’d be meeting with a friend today” the lady’s velvet voice caressed Beulah’s ears and sunk deep into her head.
“She is by no means any friend of mine. Female folks are usually a distraction, except for you my dear”
The man that approached her had suddenly become a daddy’s boy, what a vacillation.
 The lady chuckled again and it sank into Beulah’s head even more. She sought a place to hide it, notwithstanding, the reasons were vague. Nonetheless, she found a vacant place in her memory for the lady’s voice, even when she had almost forgotten about Lawrence the voice kept reminding her of the incident.
“Then why are you sharing a table with her, I recall leaving you there”
 She said jovially pointing at the table where Lawrence sat. Upon this Beulah realized she had been fooled by this man, but she found no courage to say a word. She only sat looking from one to another as they both conversed.
“Right sweetheart, this pretty face here beckoned on me to come over, she said she ran out of cash and was as hungry as death. As we know, I find it extremely difficult to turn down such requests, it could be anyone you know” he said feeling like a super hero.
“Honey! Pretty faces aren’t always pretty cases. We gotta run. I need like a dozen rest”.
 As they both walked out the restaurant, Beulah felt shame and anger surge through her, her eyes burnt with fury. When Lawrence peeked over his shoulders, she felt like throwing her fork at him. He told a lie to his girlfriend or whatever she was to him just to keep his head high and also to humiliate her, to undermine her personality. She had swallowed her appetite and it filled her stomach, anger replaced her hunger.

As Beulah scanned through her head, tears gushed down her eyes. The summation of these men’s brutality has equalized to her resolve; a tooth for a tooth. Even after many tide have crossed the ocean, Beulah could still hear the lady’s voice and her chuckle and this hurt the more.  Just then a song got to her head and she called it disguise.



DISGUISE
“when you spoke I could swear I saw the heavens coming down,
Thunders rumbling and blue clouds clustering, leaving the white ones behind, the blue sea above painted my heart.
When your words touched the ground, I could swear I saw a lion running back to the forest because of the hoarse baritone.
You swept me off my feet and now I am falling downrightly,
Right into your arms,
And now I’m yours and yours for life.

Take me home and be my god, my king and my emperor.
Rule my world cos I can’t exist without you.
You are my heart, my life and my all.

Its so clear, as clear as crystal,
You feigned it all 
You are harsh with a soft voice
Wearing a deceitful fragrance.
You painted my heart with blue and took away the light.
You filled my life with sorrow wrapped in lust,
But it takes only a short time for lust to wear out,
To reveal selfishness instead of sacrifice.
And now I can see
That it’s time to leave,
To walk away and never come back, 
Because you are such a disguise.

You are a dog,
Oh yes I can’t live without you,
Cos I need a watchdog.
Please stay home and chase the cats,
Chase the rats and clear my wastes”

And again she sang
“oh yes I can’t live without you,
Cos I need a watchdog.
Please stay home and chase the cats,
Chase the rats and clear my wastes.”

She sang and sang until she felt better, more like slanging an enemy.

Sleeping that night was as difficult as her first arithmetic quiz in college. After few hours of wetting her pillow with tears, she cuddled herself to one side of the bed and slept. The nightmare came again, but this time it was crystal clear; a man had come to marry her, he came with plenty of victuals and everyone carried on merrily without noticing he was alone, when it caught her notice she asked and he sloshed his drink in front of him, sniggered at her then anger surged through him. He moved to her end, caressed her neck slowly then began to strangle her and her mother’s voice kept echoing; “stay away from them, they are dangerous” she struggled but she was no match for him, he was much more stronger than she was. Beulah gasped for air and woke up to discover she was foaming, she rushed to the bathroom, washed her face and mouth before going back to bed. What a horrible nightmare, she mused. She had the first nightmare the night before she met Shama and now again was she going to meet someone today? Even she did, she’d never love him like she did Shama.




CHAPTER SIX

“I gave you a little task and you dashed it to the rocks, there is a little time before her life is entirely crushed. Hurry else you go down with her”. Obiku hadn’t seen the lady in what seemed like ages and he thought she was gone for good. “What possible connection do I have with her, strange lady?” “you are a messenger, gifted one and the messenger is held responsible for the message bequeathed to him” Obiku became baffled at this “why was I chosen as a messenger?” the lady’s face was red with fury, she was fuming and moving close to Obiku. The boy tottered backwards, “questions are not for you. Find a way, save the girl”. Her visage became obscure and Obiku could tell something was wrong. She was lost in dungeons of despair, he has to help her. “how do I do this my lady” suddenly she was enthusiastic and gave away a wide grin “she came from a cursed generation. At least one person in each generation must have the curse of revenge that will eventually drown them” she temporarily halted and stared directly into space, she sat down on a rocky chair beside his bed. Obiku looked up at her face with intense interest. “how is this person chosen, is it a random pick? He too was surprising himself; he has developed so much interest in the story knowing it involves the lives of generations to come. “the person with the brightest future is chosen” that is wickedness he thought. “how did this come to be?” 
“what”
“the generational curse”
Before the lady spoke, he cut in as if prompted by something
“who are you?”
She stared sharply towards him and raised her face
“I am someone who was a victim. An activist”
“does that mean you rebel against authorities above you” 
She shrugged and went on 
“the curse came when an antecedent of the family took a revenge and the wrong person was killed in the process, despite his pleas. The man before he died said he would come back in a far away distance and would give them one last chance to atone for their iniquity. He died painfully but not before living the curse on them, this was buried deep in the heart of the ancestor. He never breathes a word of it to anyone”.  She sobbed bitterly by the time the story was over.
“I am terribly sorry, but how long had this been?”
“millennium, decades, centuries”
“how did you then come to know about it?”
She muttered something to herself and yelled 
“pesky fellow, I said I was a victim”
“forgive me my lady”
Obiku whimpered because of her loud cry.
“Tell her the man lives in a city called Desline, twelve blocks away from the main city, left of a pine tree and adjacent a burnt building. Tell her she will be guided by her instincts; tell her she has limited time for herself and very limited time for him”
The lady left before Obiku spoke a word more. This was a very bewildering situation, will Uloma agree to go back to the city after she went the first time and was convinced Beulah was living happily with her lover?. And what does she mean by limited time for herself and very limited time for him?. Will Beulah consent to his story or she would label him mischievous like everyone else?. Too many questions that needed to be answered. There was an idea sticking out of his head, he had to see Uloma to help him out with a letter, peradventure she would take an anonymous letter more serious than the tales of a little dream boy. More so now that he knew his life is tied to hers. They must not die, not so young.




CHAPTER SEVEN

“I’d never had imagined you would say this to me. I trusted you with my life”
“If you trust me, you’d never disrespect me. You maltreat me and then you claim to love me.  Drop dead if you wish, my baby’s father is coming for her and you know what? I’m going with them”
Ibifama was as serious as never but deep down she knew she was telling a lie. Klein has been the only man in her life since college days but she has to stop his frivolities and this is the best way to keep him either to herself or away from her, depending on whether he still loves her or not. This indeed is a very difficult one but she had to do it anyway.
“How can you tell me my baby queen is no longer my baby, aren’t you ashamed of rubbing your infidelity to my face”
“If you are not ashamed of being unfaithful to me, why shouldn’t I flaunt mine? Have a nice time out with them girls………………………………….”
As she left the house, she felt like breaking down but it will ruin everything. She got hold of herself. That was quite an act; Ibifama said to herself, she also thought of the emotional trauma she would be putting her little girl in if Klein and her divorced. Things have to be put right for the sake of her daughter and the love they shared. Her baby innocently gazed at her like she wanted to say something to her. “Oh baby, I’m sorry I lied to your daddy, but mummy has to be happy. Trust mummy everything will be fine, daddy will come back to us and we’ll be together again” she gazed still. She was barely eight months old and understood nothing of the present. Ibifama came out on the street with her baby on her right hand and her luggage on her left, she had nowhere to go except her mum’s which she won’t even dare, else her mum would scold reasoning into her and practically drag her back to her husband. Where would she go, frustration surged through her and a drop of tear flowed down her cheek. Things will worsen  if she went back to Klein and her aim of putting up this drama will come to naught. Just then, Beulah came to her head, how come she never thought of Beulah all this while. They’d been very close friends since primary school days and they  stayed that way through high school  even though they went to different colleges, they kept in touch. She had always envied Beulah’s independence. Ibifama stood for ten minutes and there was no sign of  a taxi anywhere. The hot sun scorched her skin and made her baby cry so hard, she hated Klein for putting them through this torment. “Everything will be fine okay” again she was talking to her seven and a half months old baby. What could she understand but pain and laughter. She stood for another ten minutes before a taxi was seen coming their way. God help this is empty, true to her prayers it was empty but jalopy and a jalopy car was the last thing Ibifama would compromise to entering, but what other choice does she have. As she waved and the taxi halted in front of her, she saw that the driver was as ugly as his car; his grin didn’t even help matters, instead it exposed the most ugly set of dentition she had ever seen. She stooped to talk with him, what more can one do after a long wait in the super scorching sun with her daughter who obviously, the sun had dried all her smiles, only if she can talk or complain.
 “132 Samira Avenue”
“Let’s go”
 She  put her luggage in the trunk of the car, lowered her daughter behind and hoped in, then the driver drove off. Three hours later, Fama was in Beulah’s neighborhood. The drive was longer than she anticipated, probably because it was boring with no conversation. Her baby was cuddled on her lap, fast asleep. The driver on his end was as straight as his face and cab, he never spoke a word at all. A million thoughts swayed through her mind at the same time and when she looked down at her baby, tears escaped her eyes and ran down her cheek, it dropped on the baby’s bare skin and she made a movement, as if trying to wake up. Fama rubbed her back gently and she calmed, asleep again.
“Madam we are here” 
The cab driver spoke for the second time. Nothing ventured, nothing gained, she gazed intensely at Beulah’s flat which was the third flat in the block. A penetrating feeling cut through her heart, one she could hardly discern. She’d just made a critical decision she wasn’t sure of, but at the expense of their happiness she thinks it’s worth it.
“Madam, pay me my money then come down from my motor make I go find other customers. You dey waste my time” the cab driver spoke in local language, but not in a polite manner. It didn’t bother her at all because anyone in the city who is not used to the ruthless mannerism in which motorcyclists and commercial drivers speak to passengers haven’t yet learnt anything in the city.
“Right’ 
she brought out notes from her purse and handed to the driver, came down from the taxi carrying her daughter on one hand she pulled out her luggage from the boot and trudged to Beulah’s wistfully. It got worse when she found out Beulah wasn’t home and there wasn’t a decent place to sit herself; let alone lay her baby. She sat in quietude, finding it difficult to believe that she was separated with Klein. What if her decision was illogical and it doesn’t ameliorate their union. Fama became iffy.
“By gum! What wind blew you towards this direction? Let me guess, a hurricane, tornado. “Hello Beu” Fama cut in slinking herself towards Beulah, just then she noticed all wasn’t well with Fama. Fama used to be this vibrant, cheerful effulgent lady, not this placid unperturbed sorry Sheila standing abreast her, holding her daughter on one hand and luggage just beside her like a repudiated case. Beulah pulled her keys from her bag and unlocked her door gently.
“Let’s go in”
 She said clutching her luggage. One look at Fama tells she would burst out an ocean of tears if she made a complete sentence. Beulah was sensible enough not to ask her any questions, not even after she had settled down and got ready for bed. Fama; never uttered any words except the inevitable. Their friendship has grown from strength to strength and she was more than glad that Fama had come to her at this point because there was no gainsaying that Fama was in trouble and had come to her for succor and she won’t by any means desecrate the trust and confidence that has been bestowed on her. 
The next day beheld Fama on a more pleasant mood, she chatted incessantly but said nothing close to the reason she was here. The question was on Beulah’s lips but she fought hard to hold it back and Fama noticed the curiosity in her eyes and she also pretended nothing was wrong because she didn’t have the fortitude to plunge into her Story. Her little daughter seem happier and more relaxed, she scampered up and down the living room moving objects from one end to another.
“I’ll see you when I come back, everything you’ll need are intact help yourself.” 
Beulah picked her bag and made for the office. The evening was much more fun than the morning had been but the next day was no different from the previous. Beulah was fed up; they had both been still on issues which Beulah was certainly not trivial. She knew that whatever would keep Fama away from her home over two days was grave and blatantly there is nothing wrong with her husband, which only leaves one conclusion; that there is a problem between Klein and herself and it is severe. She would have all the night to themselves without distractions. Before dinner, that evening after Beulah was back from work and got out of her work dresses and shoes, Fama walked up to her in the bedroom and narrated everything that happened between Klein and herself. She snapped to it even before Beulah had the chance to ask any questions or make any contributions. She christened her harsh story in tears of compassion. Beulah felt her agony, she knew how it felt to love and be disappointed, she reached out and took Fama’s hand in hers, not confident of what to say to her but somehow she must search for words to console her friend’s grieved heart.
“I’m so sorry sweetheart.”
She heard herself saying but hoped she was uttering the right words.
“Klein sure does have a better explanation for all his escapades and I will make him apologize to you for all he put you through.”
Beulah was amazed at what she said, how in gaud’s name does she hope to achieve her aim, heaven come down she is in trouble, big trouble .but surprisingly, her word brightened Fama’s mood’ it made her snap out of her bad  mood and a smile that left only two tooth unrevealed was on her lips. Wrapped in the tussles of her confusion, Beulah displayed several gamut of emotions.
“Can I have his office address?”
“Sure”
Fama pulled out the drawer beside the bed and brought out a pen and a plain sheet of paper, she scribbled something into it and handed it to Beulah.
“Thanks”
Beulah took the paper from Fama
“When’s the appropriate time to get him in the office”  
“I’m not certain” Fama looked away as if trying to dodge Beulah’s prying look. 
“Why is that? He is your husband” 
“Yes, that was when we were still married’
Beulah was getting more confused with her friend’s comment but she had to have a tangible result that will help her speak to Klein on the matter on ground. She had to keep the dialogue until  it gets to its acne.
“Are you divorced now?
“No but we are mere cipher to him”
“I see” Beulah nodded sagaciously. Fama said nothing further and Beulah wasn’t ready to press further as she felt the knowledge she had of their disagreement was enough to yield a two hour positive result producing conversation with Klein. 

On her way to Klein’s office, she occupied her thoughts with the work load awaiting her at the office and how kind her boss had been to her. As she drove, she concentrated more on each street making sure she doesn’t miss the address. The moment she drove into the street where the office was situated, she slowed down to be positive she wasn’t on the wrong street, brought out the little paper Fama gave her, read through it and confirmed on a bill board on the street. She was on the right street, she drove further before she saw Klein’s office complex, and it was too bold for anyone not to notice it. Beulah cleared at the parking lot in front of the complex, she became so nervous she attempted going back. But again mum always says that today is a gift that is why it is called the present and she ought to utilize this God’s given present this minute. She was there and there was no going back. She hobbled up the stairs that led to Klein’s office, hoping and praying she’d find him in, less busy and also willing to listen to her. She also prayed she would put an end to Fama and Klein’s  disagreement and bring them together again. Love is one dreaded unprecedented and agonizing four lettered spear that is most difficult to find and even much more difficult to keep. love to her was a mirage, it has been like an air that touches and passes, which one cannot keep to oneself and anything within her ability that she’d do to restore what they shared; she would do it without a second thought. Minutes later, she was twisting the knob to Klein’s office door. Her tap on the door had delivered no response which is very unusual for an office to be locked up at this early working hours of the day. She twisted the knob harder to ascertain that no one was in and her confirmation was boldly spelt on the wall. As she made to leave , she heard clicking sounds from within. What in heaven’s name was he thinking locking himself in the office and wasting so much of her time and also stretching her patience. He’d pay someday, somewhere, God knows how. 
“Hi” Klein mumbled. He appeared so much as one that just came out of a terrible trance; his facial expression wasn’t at all blissful.
“Hi” Beulah replied with a cheeky smile. “It’s been a while”
“Yeah right” Klein didn’t make any effort to brighten his facial expression.
“How are you”
“Great”
“Good, but you don’t look great to me” Beulah spoke to him like he was her close pal. 
“Same old Beulah Marshall, how do I look? 
“At least invite me in” she said peeking over his shoulder into his office. 
“Pardon my manners, come in” she sat directly opposite him, taking details of every bit and tit in the office.
“Nice office, great taste”
“Thank you” just then the telephone in his office rang and Beulah expected the usual from Klein; to pick up the phone and see who was on the other end, but he ignored it.  The phone buzzed and buzzed countless times but Klein had no business with it.
“Are you avoiding someone? She inquired, alarmed at his action. 
“Why have you come? He ignored her question, asking her a question instead.
“To see you” she answered with amazement “or why else” 
“You have come because you have spoken to Ibifama and she wants you to talk to me into agreeing to sign a divorce letter and let my precious gem go away? But wrong, I will have none of it. That’s a message for her”
 Beulah glimpsed at his face and felt pity for him. This man is in pains and she has a role to play. 
“Tell me what happened”
Klein sputtered details of the story to Beulah. For the first in a long time she saw a grown man in tears. She felt like holding him to her chest, like wiping away his tears and telling him all will be fine, her empathy knew no bound. Fama also has some telling to do, she told an unfair part of the story and from what she gathered there is no problem at all, just misunderstanding from both parties. Klein was hustling to prove his love to his wife and she was bustling to protect what she had and not let anyone take her husband from her. This indeed is a test of love and they had both passed and needs rewarding. Beulah didn’t know what else to say to Klein, he was in tears and she was on the verge of breaking down. It was best she left.
“I will talk to Fama and then come back to see you” he nodded with his head still not raised up.

On her way back to the office, Beulah could think of nothing the pain she saw in Klein’s eyes. The man was languishing in torment while her friend Fama wallowed in pains of confusion; quite an irony. Beulah’s day at the office was a boring and long one, she practically watched the clock tick from one nanosecond to the next. The time moved infuriatingly so that two hours to closing time she was done with all her paper works and ready to close for the day but her boss will never let her go before closing time unless she produced a tangible excuse; which she lacked. As she waited patiently for the time to trudge to where it ought to be, she slept off and when she woke up it was past office hours. She hurried out of the office to the lot  and discovered it was just her car and her boss’ that is left, everyone else was gone. She got in and drove off. By the time she got home, Emerald, Fama’s little girl was fast asleep and Fama had prepared dinner. Beulah rushed to the bathroom to have a quick shower, changed into her night attire. It was quite refreshing and also the right time to talk to Ibifama about her marriage. Dinner went smoothly, after which Beulah made what she believed would be a logical speech to Ibifama. Luckily for her, the speech was welcomed with an open heart, Fama accepted to move in back with Klein the next day.

Before dawn, Fama had put all their things together and had gotten ready to go. The only reason she waited was the clouds that just won’t clear off. How on earth could she have imagined Klein to cheat on her after his non-stop commitment to her these many years. She broke down in tears, why didn’t she see the innocence in his eyes when he explained to her that his numerous female company and phone calls were as a result of the new female product his firm is manufacturing and that he was the branch manager in charge of these products. She should have believed him when he told her he was leaving town for a meeting with his female colleagues to finalize on these products, instead of leaving him to find a solace elsewhere. How daft she had been her doubt sold her off. Where on earth would she find the faculty to  face him. She sobbed as she sank in thoughts, it took Beulah more than three taps on the shoulder to bring Fama back to reality. 
“I searched everywhere for you, good to go? Fama said nothing, she only tried to wipe her tears probably to hide it from Beulah but it was far too late because Beulah had been behind her long enough for her not to notice it. 
“wipe your eyes, breakfast is served” Ibifama didn’t object to eating as Beulah had thought she would, considering the mood in which she went to bed and the one she found her in this morning. Fama looked up at her sleeping daughter on the bed and her lips curved into a smile. Her promise to Rosie would be fulfilled, today she shall reunite  with Klein and they shall live sadly never after. She stood up and went before Beulah to the dining table. She ate as much as her stomach could contain because she was going for an adventure and needs all she could carry. 
“Thanks for restoring my happiness Beulah” 
“I couldn’t have done less, we’re friends and your happiness is mine” was it really true. Deep down she knew she was telling a lie . Indeed she was glad Fama would restore her love and true happiness, but she was an encyclopedia of sad stories and sadness bubbles inside of her.
“Just go home and trust yourselves more” she jumped from the table ogling at her time. “By gum! I am late. When Rosie wakes up clean her up and” she paused and shrugged “you’d be gone when I’m back. I wish you happiness “ Fama moved over to where Beulah stood and hugged her passionately, It was a long hug. Beulah pulled out, picked her bag and hurried out of the house without looking back




CHAPTER EIGHT

Walking into the living room, Beulah was welcomed with a frightening sight. The lady sitting head down with long fringes of hair covering her face was nothing short of a hag. 
“Hello”
Beulah  managed to speak hoping to be friendly.
 “How did you get into my house?
 The lady’s tender body reminded her so much of something, something not very farfetched; her own body.
 “Hello, I asked a question and you are not uttering a word. You are sitting on my centre table, in my living room, inside my apartment and I will ask you again, how did you get in with my doors properly shut and the gate I bet shut with the guard sleeping” 
Beulah said peeping through her open curtains. 
“I came to warn you from treading the same path I trod, you will end up the same way I did if you do. There’s just one road to life and you have deviated for lack of love. Run back and love will light your way. The answer to your question”
 She spoke in a familiar voice 
“I came through you”
 The lady drawled slowly raising up her face. To Beulah’s astonishment, it was her own image, herself sitting right in front of her, talking to her and warning her. It was so terrifying so that Beulah stood in incomprehension as the lady walk past her out of the room and out of the gate. She came to herself when she heard a honk that sounded like an the Sunday morning church bell inviting people to church. She jumped up only to realize it was a bizarre dream and someone was at the gate, it was her next door neighbor returning home from work. The time was just 9pm and she felt like she had slept a whole year. Thunder was rumbling, breeze murmuring and raindrops pattered on the roof of her house. She felt a sudden surge of cold and she hobbled over to pull down the curtains and close the windows. She slept like she hadn’t for a very long time. She woke up nearly 8pm the next morning, a long rest on a weekend after the week’s stress is what she deserves. 

As she drove into the mall, she thanked her stars it was finally weekend, she had cleaned her house and now she was going to shop for the things she needed. She parked, locked her car and walked into the supermarket, from here she would shop for wears. It was going to be a shopping spree. She wore her booty shorts and a loosed blouse because she said she wasn’t going anywhere important; home to mall and back home. Beulah exchanged pleasantries with the receptionist as she walked past him, she was a regular customer and he had been there as long as she could remember. She picked a roller basket and went inside a row. Her heart gladdened when she found the last two bottles of cashew nuts, she picked one and turned to pick a can of Pringles behind her, before she turned back the second bottle was gone. What’s her lot, it was a busy supermarket, and anyone could have reached for it. After all she had her own. She rolled the basket to the reception desk to enable the receptionist cost her stuffs. The young fellow standing in front of had as much things as herself. There was not enough space on the desk to empty her basket so she waited for the fellow to finish. The cashew nut was the last thing he handed over to the shop tender, God knows when he took it. 
“I’m paying for two of these” she heard the fellow say to the shop tender. 
“But you have just one of them” 
 Their conversation was not her concern. How would any man want to pay for two of something when he has just one of it or was he looking for where to waste his money, wonders.
 “Yes the lady has the other”
 She was shocked when she realized he was about paying for her own bottle. Their conversation was her business after all. Obiora at the other end had noticed Beulah’s angelic features, acknowledging that her beauty is beyond the physical and that she was worth knowing. He was just about reaching out for a bottle of cashew nuts when he saw her reach for the first bottle of cashew nuts and he knew they were meant for each other because he had seen it in movies and read it in books that people who share common interests have virtually everything in common and in similar cases, they end up happily ever after. This lady is her, the one he had long been searching for.

Amazement overtook Beulah as she gazed his way, She saw a devil as handsome as Shama or even more handsome making his way to where she stood. This devil is daring, a perfect specimen. How come she didn’t catch him first. “Any which way, I’ll tell him to love death. She flirted with her eyes and gave a sexy smile not many men could resist. But I mustn’t appear cheap .
“Mr. I’ve got more than enough to pay for my stuff as well as yours, and you don’t go about embarrassing people” she handed her basket to the receptionist 
“I apologize if I did, I am Obiora” he said this stretching fort his hand hopefully expecting her to do same.
“Well Obiora, if you think you have extra cash and need a place to dump it, then consider the trash can and not on Beulah”. As they dialogued, the receptionist handed her a bag and a small piece of paper which obviously was a receipt
  “Your bill madam”
“Oh! Here”
 She brought out money from her purse and gave to him.
 “Keep the change”
 she said to him as she picked the pin she used in pulling her hair up to let it drop, Swayed it and gaited felinely out of the confectionery expecting him to follow after her, but her expectations were cut short. She got into her car, drove of and stilll he didn’t come out of the mall. No qualms, she lost this one but will soon get another as long as her beauty still glitters.

The tap on the door sounded like it came from a distance, Beulah would never in her life have believed that it was on her door. It was a very unusual for anyone to check on her this early Sunday morning. As she gradually opened her door, he was the last person she expected to see.
“you”
“yes i” he said giving away such boyish grin like a little child that was given his first bicycle.
“impressive, very”
‘I followed you the other day but left after I confirmed your address” he was wearing a more serious look
I like this guy. Come in”. she ushered him in and led him to a twin sea green leather sofa.
 “sit”
This guy is in for it.
“So dude tell me, why would you follow a woman you barely know to confirm her address, to fufill your manish urge?
Her question squeezed his face into a frown. “how could such terrible words proceeds words proceed out of an attractive lips like yours” 
“I’ve heard stories of men your kind who go to the extreme to get ladies, scarper before the lady even realises his name is not really his name”. she lowered herself in the chair next to him as the thought of Shama flickered into her head.
“that’s a scuttlebutt. Or are are you talking from experience” he asked leaning towards her.
“not at all” Beulah wasn’t willing to turn herself nor her game over to him like an amateur criminal to the cops. “God’s grace, I’ve been safe” 
“good! Then lets be friends”
Obiora is a major sweet talker and she would not for anything in the world let him have his way with her. For all she knew he could be worst than Shama. Shama, what a shameful name for a handsome devil, a sham indeed.
“I like you because you are blunt, dauntless and courageous. But you are too bold for comfort and for that reason you have to leave. I have to prepare for service”.
“it’s the reason I came, I wish to worship with you”
This guy really has his way of making things work out well for him. he’s not just a major smooth talker but a major smooth planner. 
“failed case. Try next year but if you really and honestly desire to worship in my church, find your way to fountain mission in Randa avenue”.
 She said this as she walked into her room and right into the shower. A sudden feeling surged through her, she felt enstranged from everything that mattered to her; love, friends, fun, relationships, even life. But she has been hurt several times and someone has to pay for it. The harm was done by one of his kind and if he finds himself as a nominee in the nub, so be it. She got out of the shower feeling unusually cold. She wrapped her towel around her and headed for the living room, not knowing what to expect. Just as she wished, as opposed to her desire, he was gone.

During sermon, as she sat pondering over what the minister was saying, she caught a glimpse of Obiora at the other end of the pew. This guy really is bent on sinking into the oceans of despair, poor thing. Through out the rest of the service, she paid no attention to the minister but was at a complete loss over Obiorah’s resolve on getting hurt. It obviously not a propitious time for a hunk like him to come lurking, he may be marred beyound repair. She’d let him go in peace but the next guy who would come roasting his corn in her fire should be sure to get his hand badly burnt. At the end of the service, she would talk him into leaving her alone, rationally. His prospective hurt was her worry. The mere deliberation of her sending him away revirates her anger but all the same she was  going to implore him to leave her.

As she cuddled on the pint-sized multi-colored sofa in her living room, the tranquility in the neighbourhood made the tickling sound of the clock subjugate everything. She x-rayed her head for everything that had happened to her, her jinx nightmares, her meeting with Shama, and all other appalling events, until two weeks back when she told Obiora off. Her life had been from chaos to crisis, fear to tears, pains to agony. When the last terrifying nightmare crawled into her head, she heard the clock tickling faster and louder than anyone could ever imagine, antagonizing every thought clustering her head.. Her heartbeat increased and subdued the tickling clock. Fear enveloped her and she held onto her chest as if preventing her heart from jumping out of its place. She had never had time to think of it. Worst of all, there is none to share it with.it came in so real, like a trance and the next day she met Obiora. At the thought of this, she swung up, tears bluring her sight. And she exclaimed Obiora is my worst enemy and I must have nothing to do with him, thank heavens he’s gone. She heaved a sigh of relief, though mixed with regret. She couldn’t dialogue much with him but there was something in his eyes that couldn’t come through his mouth, probably because it was too heavy. Something genuine. 




CHAPTER NINE

Obiora trudged into his neatly furnished room. The walls painted with sea green which marked the curtains and cream sofa to compliment it he trudged past his gigantic artwork of an African woman carrying a basket on her head filled with fruits sitting comfortably in his room. He walked straight into his bedroom and slumped on his king sized well furniture bed. His every thought hovered around Beulah, how she politely told him off today after church service. He lowered himself backwards on his bed and gazed directly at the ceiling. The sky would have been the first rung on his ladder only if Beulah had accepted to be his. She never even bothered listening to what he had to tell. He stood up and went over to the mirror hanging on the wall directly opposite his bedside, peradventure he had grown ugly or shorter for a woman to reject him without a wink. He moved over to his window and peeked through it, presumably, his car is no longer the latest model in town and to think that she actually watch him drive off. If he had all this and a booming company to himself why would any woman shatter his happiness he had built over the years. But she isn’t just any woman. He wouldn’t go this far for “any woman”. There is something spectacular about her that he couldn’t comprehend. The vacuum in his heart that had long concealed had been unveiled by an elegant woman he knew by a hair’s breadth and he must fight to gain her love. The puff of air from his window stroked his hair and sent shimmers into his head.

****************************************




CHAPTER TEN

“Madam, your casual leave commences in a forth night”. The excitement was not hid in Beulah’s secretary eyes.
 “The managing director approved this after last Friday’s meeting with the board of directors”. 
The secretary handed her a sealed envelope and walked jovially out of the office. Beulah knew she needed time off but it was worthless since she didn’t have anyone to share her time with. She had put in for the leave months age when Shama was still a part of her life. She wanted to build a strong relationship, but now all she needs is to bury herself and time in her job so as to leave no space for boredom. But her secretary had been hardworking and deserves some time to herself. Life would be unbearable if she stayed at home for two whole months without indulging in any extra- curricular activities. She stared into space, scanning her mind for anything that would keep her busy. Just then, her first love crept into her head, modeling. How unfair life could be, ruffling one’s dreams and dumping it in its trash can and in return places one wherever it wishes. Now she has her hopes and dreams scattered everywhere  and it will take long before she brings them together again. Beulah marshal had dreamt of becoming a supermodel when she was much younger, she dreamt of gracing the stages of every event that included a fashion parade, wearing exotic dresses, long dresses and glittering crowns when she finally becomes a renown beauty queen. She grew up fantasizing that her photograph would be in virtually every magazine but still considered it a nightmare how she found herself an accountant, auditing numerous company’s accounts, all in a bid to tie both ends together. At 20 she had been to countless auditions and screenings and all proved futile and she wondered how those girls that succeed managed to get up there, considering the fact that she is almost 6 feet tall, dark in complexion, elegant, and courageous. Talks of Beulah were on everyone’s lips during her early days on campus. Male folks found their way to her apartment without any formal invitation. She was extremely gorgeous and she loved herself, this gave her a high measure of confidence. How and why she lost out in all those auditions still remained a mystery to her. Tears escaped her eyes as she recalled the year she dabbled into modeling, the excitement and bunch of hope that came with it, the confidence and glamour it added to her, the enthusiasm and zeal to look good at all times and the year after which she  won the local pageant, how she felt like the world was hers, but one few months to the end of her reign she felt the world on top of her, now she thrives with just a string of hope, the world belongs to somebody else and she is just standing in line back on the streets to stand on her own two feet again. How can life dispatch such cruelty to her when even the holy book said “ask and it shall be given to you”. Today makes it the umpteenth time she is asking for a miracle, for an angel. She was very much unlike Ruby, her elder sibling who had always had her way in everything she wanted except that she bluntly refused to settle down with one man, claiming that she has not got the motivation and the right frame of mind to get married.
She is older, bolder, wiser, stronger and richer now than she was when she dabbled into it. Immediately after office hours she would go to the best agency in town to enroll as one of their models. Moreover, she is just twenty five years of age still has the structure of any super model, more like Tyra Banks. Her enrolment was a success and grooming classes starts first day of the coming month, exactly two weeks from her registration date. How fortunate she was, soon she would be  back on stage with the lights, crowds cheering, the queenly feelings,  and a chance to market herself to a handsome dude of her dreams. Excitement swirled down her loins. Indeed opportunity lost can sometimes be regained.

“Beulah Marshall, you are the best model we can produce around here. I am not blind to how other agencies have been compelling you to join them at mouth watering offers and you have insisted on staying back with us. You have made us proud and channeled lights to our agency, but there is something you must do for us before you leave”.
Beulah was humbled by her manager’s speech but wondered what it was he wanted her to do for him.
 “What could it be Mr. Lawson?
 Mr. Lawson had picked Beulah because of her humility and boldness. Despite the fact that she was new to their agency, she had become the best. At all time, she is eager to learn, try new things and leave her comfort zone. This gave her an edge over her colleagues.
 “The forms for the most elegant girl in Nigeria pageant are on sale and I have been asked to present three of my best models, of which you are top on our A-list. It comes up in three weeks and after which you have a week to yourself before your resumption at the office”
 This came as a bomb that exploded before its time. 
“But Mr. Lawson, I’m twenty five years old and I will be the eldest among the contestant” 
“Wrong my dear. It’s a good thing you are going in your true age, because most girls goes with fake ages and if they eventually emerge winners, they get dethroned when their real ages are discovered”
 There must be something she must do to discourage Mr. Lawson from sending her to a national competition which the winner then goes international. No doubt she is bold and elegant but this was totally out of the question.
“I have limited time as a model. Don’t forget I came for fun and not for commitment. What if I emerge the winner? Remember I’d have to spend a whole year working as their ambassador. What then happens to my job?.
Mr. Lawson knew she was negotiating her way out of the task and he would not for whatsoever reason give her room for that. There is a star in her that needed to be  unveiled.
 “Beulah Marshall, special grooming for the three of you begins in three days. Get prepared”
 He tapped her at the back, stood up and walked through the front door out of the rehearsal ground, leaving her in her in total mystification. This was her dream some five years ago, but not anymore. Vagueness looms in her thought but failure was last in her to-do-list. Opting out would be breaching the contract Mr. Lawson had for her and besides she had ran away from many opportunities that would have taken her to greater heights. There is only one way left; the way forward. 

Everything happened so fast. Among the hundred and four girls that were screened in her region, she was among the sixteen successful ones. The final screening paved way for her among the thirty beautiful ladies . She couldn’t contend her joy as she was ever grateful to Mr. Lawson for giving her the privilege to this great excitement. The activities during camping varied from dance competition to music and to talent hunt and much more. Time flew like an helicopter even though she prayed for it to crawl like a millipede. The final day of the competition crept in on them and cut short the whole excitement. To some it was a dream razer and others who were over confident considered it a day of prophesy and fulfillment.
Beulah was torn in-between. She had sat on the limbo all her life, watching out for the best on each side. Her determination to wear the crown of the most beautiful girl in Nigeria aroused during the choreography session when she saw the crowd that left their homes, paid so much just to come watch her. “I deserve the best” she said within herself. 
As the competition went on and twenty girls were eliminated, she was bewildered that she remained among the first ten girls. Her confidence grew even more. She aimed for the crown and nothing less. When the first five ladies were called upon, amazement overtook her as the state she represented was called. She wore a wide grin that sank down to her heart and lightened her eyes. Standing on the stage and looking beautiful in front of millions of people had always been her dream but she never bargained on seeing Obiora as one of the invited guest that would be given a chance to choose their favorite contestant. Her heart almost skipped out of its position but she managed to maintain a plastic smile. This point, to a great extent determines who becomes the queen. And after all she did to Obiora, he might compel others not to choose her. To her astonishment, after much deliberating among the special guests, three among the five voted for her. She felt like going on her knees but a queen wouldn’t do that. Tears gushed down her eyes. When she was given the microphone to make her first speech, nothing came out other than a faint thank you. Her life had taken a different turn, thanks to Mr. Lawson.




CHAPTER ELEVEN

A fleeting glance at the clock revealed the irredeemable mobility of time. It’s already time for bed and she had hardly done anything reasonable with her time today. The cold weather which is as a result of the heavy downpour almost prevented her from taking her night shower but for the help of the water heater. The door to the bathroom was wide open, this was her usual manner since no one was at home beside herself. A short while before she was done bathing, a sound came from outside the bathroom, She was contemplating the sound she heard when the same lady she had seen countless times in her dreams approached the door. Courage eluded her, she shivered with fear, clenching her teeth and her breast dancing like leaves tossed about by the wind. 
“You should be used to my regular visits”. The lady smiled heartily and moved closer to hug Beulah’s naked body
“U have made me proud I wish to come home but there’s but there is still one last turn that determines your future”
 The lady put up a wry face that told Beulah something wasn’t right.
“Where does the road lead?
The lady busted into a loud deafening cry, her unpleasant transition was frightening. She cried louder and then laughed hysterically. She sobbed and smiled at the same time and when she spoke, little could be heard. Her last words were more of a puzzle.
“I wish I was less vengeful”
A razor-sharp peek at Beulah and then she was gone, faster than light, the same way she came. The lady of her dreams, as Beulah had known her to be, had taken a subtle turn. She seemed friendly, yet fearsome. Sleeping on the couch has been a habit to her. Waking up from such a terrible nightmare didn’t scare her as much as it used to. The nightmare took her unawares, as it hadn’t reoccurred in a long time. She glanced at her clock, it was few minutes later than it was in her dream and she wondered if the lady would come in reality. What did she mean by the last turn and the vengeance she talked about? It was a mere dream and she needn’t lose a sleep over it. She pushed it behind her thoughts and walked straight to her twin bed and crushed heavily on it like a tree being cut down.
Three months into her reign as the most elegant girl in Nigeria, she was still battling with the sweet reality. She had become the number one beauty queen in her country. All this happened in less than two months. So many things needed to be put in place as there was not enough time to waste. Three months was already gone out of her one year reign and her proposal for her pet project was yet to be written. She hadn’t set eyes on Obiora since the night of the competition after he came to felicitate her. She wondered who he was that he would be given such concession in a chief competition as that. She didn’t have the chance to apologize for her wrong conduct towards him, but apologizing would still not alter the fact that she didn’t wish to have anything with any man and all men were still on her blacklist. Obiora appeared debonair to her, a gallant young man. The kind she would love to mingle with. Disgruntled at the manner she had been treated by men, she decided to give Obiora a taste of men’s medicine if she ever shows up again, as long as her visceral detest for men still glows.

She reached for the white envelope that carried a familiar seal. A closer look proved it was from her office. Her casual leave was long overdue and her firm had tolerated her this far. They had celebrated her achievement and success, but business must continue. She wasn’t prepared to ditch them, not at this point. Just then, an idea stuck into her head.
She drove her official car with the inscription ‘Most elegant girl in Nigeria world’ into the parking lot of the people’s dailies newspaper company, pulled into an empty space close to entrance.  As she walked into the spacious hall that contained both the reception hall and some other offices , she believed would be that of some junior staff. Everything halted and she could hear whispering wows from visitors within. Some tapped their neighbors, and others peeked above their computers just to catch a glimpse of her. A feeling of importance surged through her. Beulah trudged towards the receptionist who was vehemently glaring at her, to inquire the office of the advertising manager. At her demand, he jumped out of his desk and led her straight to the office she sought. Leaving her at the door, he turned back to say goodbye at every second. Beulah held on so tightly so she wouldn’t burst out into laughter. This young man has suddenly turned into a vegetable. Knocking thrice at the door, she twisted the handle and the door flung open.
The advertising manager of the people’s dailies newspaper was so excited to see Beulah marshal in his office, he called it a privilege to have the country’s number one  beauty queen in his office. He said it wasn’t business-as-usual because it’s not every day you have a super-sexy-sophisticated Sheila in your office. A magazine lying  on the manager’s desk bearing the picture of the first ever black miss world ; Agbani Derego, captivated her attention, she picked it up and slowly skimmed through the pages, she read through an article that was captioned 
THE FRAUDULENT FACES OF SUNDRY PAGEANTRY
Since the year 2001 when Agbani Derego emerged miss world, the first black, the first African, and the first Nigerian woman to be thus honored, there had been an upsurge of pageantry, that there is a miss for every and any organization now. Unfortunately, most of them exist only in names and are fronts for fraudulent practices; and young, unsuspecting girls are victims. Rosemary Johnson, a queen herself, gives an insight.
She turned back to the cover page to look at the picture once again, not knowing why but it gave her the urge to read more since the man she sought was still busy sorting out files from a locker in the table that separated them both. She went back to page thirteen and continued from where she stopped.

The MAN WHO CONCEIVED the idea of pageantry must have a deep sense of gratitude. Gratitude to God for the beauty and bounties of nature as represented by the human species. Pageantry does not only celebrate the beauty of human kind at the superficial level, but goes deeper to test the intelligence, finesse, carriage and candor.

A beauty queen is like a model who symbolizes whatever she is representing. Miss Nigeria, for example, is meant to be a symbol of Nigerian women, what an average Nigerian woman stands for. Although the best and the brightest do not always present themselves, of the ones who partake and participate in pageantries, only the one who stands out from the rest emerges the queen. 

Pageantry is totally a benevolent event, with the proceeds usually turned to charity homes. It also helps to discover and develop existing talents. Our own Agbani Derego, one time miss world and Oluchi Oweagba, MNET Face of Africa are living examples (right now Oluchi has a registered organization of her own).
To enrich the reign of a queen, she is expected to have a pet project through which she is expected to reach a section of the of the society and touch their lives. It is the reason pageantries come with rewards. 
The queen is also an ambassador of her organization, she helps to promote the ideas of the organization and because of its lucrative and flamboyant promises, many young girls usually enter into the competition that is often stiff. The superlative success and status of Agbani Derego led to the invention of different types of pageantries by different organizations. Because these young girls descry a window of opportunities in participating in such competitions, they are usually more than interested. 

Unfortunately, some of these organizations are cashing in on the vulnerability of these young girls to exploit them. An agency will place an advertisement for young girls to enter into a competition. After these girls have purchased the forms, usually at a very high rate, the agency disappears into thin air. Some go beyond the forms’ stage  to actually organize and sponsor the event, they promise the participants mouth-watering rewards; gifts of a brand new cars, trips to exotic places, round-the-year salary , wonderful packages of cash and clothes. Eventually, a queen is crowned, but shortly after the pomp and ceremony, the queen disappears into oblivion, because the agency wants it so. The queen will never be provided with all that is needed to her reign a success. 

In some cases, arguments, then bickering result. In another instance, of which this writer is a witness, a queen was abandoned by her organizers who claimed she could not speak body language; she would not give in to advance from male benefactors. The girl in question is beautiful but she was said to be tame and unfit to be their queen. Isn’t it preposterous? The organizers of a pageant are supposed to be proud of a chaste and decent queen, why be the one to lure the same queen to sex? In another instance, the queen was asked to come back to redeem her prizes in a few month’s time; what was supposed to be collected immediately. That few months have stretched to eternity, till date she has nothing to show for the crown her head bore. Pageantry is not just a display of magnificence and munificence, but a channel to reach out to the poor and the underdeveloped. MNET is aware of this fact and that is probably why they insist on those from the poorest background as suitable candidates for the Face of Africa.
Pageantry has become dreadful because of the activities of these organizers. They fabricate lies to these girls, hide themselves behind the camera, compel these girls to pose on stage, and harvest their money. Sometimes, the girls do not share in the cake they would have helped to bake.
While it is not all the pageantries that have assumed a suspicious and dubious dimension, one has to be careful to establish the veracity of any pageantry before going into it. Girls watch it, these desperate guys are lurking around, seeking who to extort money from. Your body may equally turn out their comfort zone. So beware.
This time she counted herself lucky that her emergence as the most elegant girl in Nigeria and reign has so far been successful. She placed the paper on the table just as the advertising manager brought out a file and held it high before opening it to bring a sheet of plain white paper for Beulah to put down her contact and purpose of visit. Beulah requested for an advert for the position of a female auditor to be published in their newspaper. Mr. Jordan, the advertising manager asked what a queen would do with an auditor but she said it was private.
An office space was hired for the oral and written interview	

“I am honestly humbled that you consider me the best for this job”
“Obviously, you are the best and I couldn’t have gone less”.
“But madam, you exchanged pleasantries with one of the applicants and I became afraid I d gotten myself into another democratic insubordination”.
Something was behind her comments and Beulah was determined to find out.
“And how do you mean?
“Madam, this is not the first job interview I have merited, but in other cases, relatives and friends of the employers pop up and I am nudged aside. In one of the cases, I was told that securing jobs in our country was strictly on man-know-man basis and interviews were only for formalities. One of the general managers went as far as telling me to confront the president of the federation on the situation of things in the country in order to alleviate poverty so they in turn will stop placing their relatives in any available space. Since I have no one in power to fix me up or write me a note, I have earnestly prayed for a miracle and I believe you are that miracle madam. You are God-sent”.

Poor lady, she is yet to get full details of the job. That it was a contract that would expire after one and a half year, after which Beulah would pay her off and then take over. What Beulah thought would be a time bomb to Liza turned out to be the best part of the story. She said she craved o be self employed but lacked the fund. That the experience and exposure would add up to her advantage.  Her boss did not hesitate to accept Liza after her extraordinary performance in the test that was given her, Beulah in turn was relieved to have a replacement just as good. 




CHAPTER TWELVE

When she came in, the compound was deserted and the scorching sun spelt its name on her forehead. The air-condition from her new model SUV was not any remedy for the heat that burnt her within and the sweat that ran down her body like a troop of ants making way with loads of food on their back. She fixed the key on her door, turned it and it sprung open, she walked into the duly furnished room that served as a reception to her two-bedroom apartment which she occupies to herself, except on few weekends that she has her friend, Becky, come to stay with her. She flung her handbag into one of the antique chairs lying abreast her desktop computer. She had bought it during an art exhibition some few years ago and ever since it has become one of her priceless possessions. Absolute waste of time she soliloquized. She striped, and left her clothes lying on the bare floor. She walked straight into the bathroom and slid into the bath tub hoping to have a very cold shower that will enhance her siesta but to her disappointment, there wasn’t any water flowing out from it. “Fuck” she muttered.
She came out from the tub and wrapped herself in an immaculate white towel that hung on the door. She walked to the front door of her apartment and turned on a red button that was a little above her head. In no time there will be enough water in the tank for her to bath. It took very few minutes for water to start flowing out of the shower. “I better leave it on till it’s filled so I won’t have trouble with water should power holding company decide to do what they are best known for, seize the power”.

She bathed until her eyes turned red. She felt spirited even more than she felt in the morning. The feeling of hanging out with friends came into her as she slipped out of the tub. It’s a Friday and there will be considerable number of souls in the club house to brighten up her evening instead of boring herself with loneliness. Her small black dress was the perfect choice for the evening. On her way out, she turned off the water to prevent it from overflowing.

There was this aura that spelt doom when she drove in, her neighbors clustered in small groups, talking in low voices. The last time she saw them in this manner was when one of her neighbors were murdered mysteriously in her room with her stomach cut open as if an operation was done on her. She parked into a corner an walked straight to them. Mama oxford, a single mother that would have made a very good presenter but ended up in one of the lock-up shops as a garri  seller for her lack of formal education was the first to notice Beulah, she turned to face her with arms akimbo  which made her look like she was expecting a fight as fighting had become a tradition to her 
Hmm, neighbor, thank God you no dey yesterday because police go soon come carry everybody but them go release you quick quick”  it sounded funny but some seriousness reflected in her manner.
“What are you talking about, mama oxford?
“God na him save you. You remember say our water tank bin doty well well and we come dey fin the person wey him go fit climb up go wash am. Yesterday, we come see one small boy wey say him go fit do am. Me I bin dey fear say him too small but as the money wey him call cheap , we come gree; hmm, no be small thing oh”.
As she narrated in her local English that would have made Beulah laugh out her lungs, but she held back because the story hadn’t yet been concluded and it seemed like someone had been seriously injured.
“Go on”
 It was becoming more interesting.
“Me I go shop o, I come back for night, them say somebody pump the water, Na him the boy come drink water full him belle come die. And nobody know who pump am oh”. 
This triggered fear; definitely this incident has proved that there is no Rx for her problems.
She has killed someone. This is the second time she is being associated with murder, granted she wasn’t guilty the first time, this time she is. The death of her next door neighbor, Emerald had come as a shock to everyone in the neighborhood and it came at the most unusual time. Prior to the dawn of her mysterious death, she’d had a quarrel with Beulah which was a result of Emerald’s promiscuity. Beulah commented on the frequent male visitors to their block and that it was unsafe for them to continue trooping in the way they were. She said life was precious and someone could walk in here anytime and take someone’s life and walk out free. Emerald took it the wrong way, she said Beulah envied her-emerald- because she was more beautiful than her –Beulah. It turned out to be worse than anyone envisaged, Beulah told her that her-emerald’s- visitors were low profile men with no future ambitions. She went ahead to tell her that they were like Jesus Christ and john the Baptist; that Emerald was not up to the lace of her shoes and ought to be in the wilderness because that’s where her likes were. Emerald was so humiliated, she couldn’t say any further word. Beulah took the opportunity to stand out tall to tell Emerald that sooner or later someone would put her in her rightful position. Their eldest neighbor took each of them to their respective flats. Beulah was so worried, she thought of going over to Emerald’s  to apologize for her wrong choices of words but she resolved on waiting till the next day. That very night, Emerald was murdered in her apartment, leaving Beulah as the prime suspect. She was seized by the authorities and was later released when they found no tangible evidence with which to convict her. She gave them no lead even though she saw the murderer walking in and out of compound. She has to leave before she is apprehended.

Tender strings of hope sprouted up from within, just like she discovered a time capsule as the vehicle that conveyed her belongings drove slowly through this community that seems secluded by its indigenes and only left behind aged and young ones. It carefully avoided running over one of those naked children who ran to and fro the road. The bumps in every five minutes drive didn’t make the journey any easier. The only thing that mattered to her was that she would live her life in solitary, a cloistered life, away from the social life that has painted its ideal picture without her. And she had become dispensable to everyone around her. The clouds had shielded the sun from reaching the earth by the time she got to her neighborhood. The ugly face of darkness loomed in the community, bringing back every memory of her childhood to the present, her little junky village, where the only thing they knew as light was the fire that burned out of the wicks of lamps and stoves. They would enjoy the light from the sun up till sun down, when every family brings out their individual lamps from their respective houses and lights them in preparation for the night. She lived in this archaic village up till after her secondary education when she was sent to the state university by her widowed mother. Poor woman, who single handedly saw herself and her sister Ruby, through school. God bless her. Her small light generator would serve its purpose. The whole idea of her moving from the future to the past was tantamount to insanity but she didn’t give a hoot. Her life had been a flub and this was the only avenue to retrace and redirect it. Though she had never been a happy-go-lucky lass but the future seems even hazier than it had ever been. Down here, no one would find her. Life would be smooth, nor necessarily rosy, as it had been a raffle draw; dipping its hand into her activities and picking out whatever it reaches first. This time she would iron flat the past including Shama, Obiora and likes of them, spread the present over it and walk upon it to the future. The truck driver compelled some vibrant youths lurking about to help move her things in. By the time they were through, the whole place had grown as dark as the color black. Seeing one another was only possible at close range. She appreciated their gestures and promised to reward them in a favorable atmosphere.  They left jeering among themselves and she waited for the truck to drive out of sight before going into her apartment and closing the door behind her which opens up to a world of loneliness and uncertainties.

Beulah allowed years to flow in and out of her head. Uloma never really talked about her aim of visiting, it was kind of weird though, and  she left in a haste. And Obiora would not come back, or was he scared now that she wouldn’t accept his proposal since she was now a beauty queen? There are a heap of questions yet to be answered and she was confused and didn’t know who to turn to. She went down on her knees and uttered a short prayer, then she stood up and straightened the sheets on her bed that was way smaller than the one she had in her other house and it even looks shorter, she wondered if it would hold her five feet eight body comfortably, before laying flat on it. It held all her body but didn’t give extra room for her to move downwards or upwards. 

The next morning, she went over to where she used to live to pick her car so she would have no reason to go back there. She found a letter directly under her door which was half ajar, she picked up the brown envelope that people often use for applications and rarely for direct letters, she was sure it was for her because the address even pointed straight to her address or former address as the case may be.  She tore open the letter and it was from Uloma, she was so eager to read it, at most Uloma’s part of  the mystery would be solved. 



Dear Beulah

How are you, and how are things in general? If you ask me your life is a paradise and one couldn’t ask for anything more. As for me, I am not giving life any opportunity to mistreat me, I am not just keeping my shoulders above the waters but I am bubbling as well. I know you Beulah, you never let a matter die a natural death, you are still wondering why I came to the city. You are allowed to fret because the matter is a weighty one, I cowered myself when I heard it. I was told you will continue to live in misery until you find a solution to the mysteries surrounding your life. But when I came to the city to look for you so I could give you absolute details of the subject, I saw that you were living a healthy life, far from what I was made to believe. You had a decent job and a fine man to yourself; what more can any young lady ask for. To be earnest, I was envious of you. But when I came back here, I was told that you lived in a world of make believe and that your life will continue to down slide until you find Mr. Gonida. He holds the breeze that controls your air mystery. You will find him at the north part of  a kinky town in Wesley state. He lives two houses away from a ramshackle gas station. Adjacent a maple tree. He knows you are coming, find him fast because they say your time is limited. 
Cheers
Uloma

Beulah knocked on the door and a little girl of not more than fourteen years old opened the door and stood in front of it, putting her hands over it.  
“Sorry to bug you but I wish to see Mr. Gonida , I presume he is your dad”
“Learn to ask before getting presumptuous young lady” 
“Oh sorry, he is your….”
“None of your business”
“Sorry dear but” 
“Stop being sorry for yourself and tell me why you are here”
“I hear he is…..”
“ Dead”
Was it shock or disappointment?
She couldn’t reckon and the little girl didn’t help matters as she banged the door to her face. She was contemplating knocking again but it would be unwise of her since the first reception wasn’t warm enough to warrant a second one. Who knows, maybe this Uloma’s letter could be a fallacy, after all she didn’t mention how she knew about the whole issue.
“Are you from the past?”
Who could be asking such a ridiculous question. How can someone possibly come from the past? Through a time machine that never exist?. When she turned  to see who it was that asked the question, it was the little rude little girl from Mr. Gonida’s house and she was out rightly directing it to her. What does she really look like to this scalawag, a play thing? 
“Is that question meant to be answered?”
“Yes, because he, I mean Mr. Gonida always talked about someone from the past but he didn’t say if the person was a male or female” 
“Evidently am not from the past, or do I look that backdated?”
Beulah didn’t wait for her question to be answered, apparently it was rhetorical.  She has to go home, put out the letter and every other thing that suggest she is cursed, including the thoughts. But that seemed an impossible thing to do.

When Beulah checked again the house was unoccupied but a man was on standby, as if expecting her. “Madam, am sure you are looking for small Mrs. Gonida?”
“Excuse me”
That girl can’t be anyone’s wife, which would be child abuse. 
“Am sure you are mistaken, am asking after a little girl I met here a few months ago”
Beulah gave a detailed description of the girl and the man screamed with excitement
“That is my madam. She used to be a visiting mistress until oga appropriately married her. Initially I thought she was his last niece until he acted otherwise”
Beulah said nothing, she just starred at the guy in amazement.
“I know your are still in shock, I felt the same way when I heard about it. She left a note for you, though it’s not the same as the one Mr. Gonida left. The house was flooded about a month ago and the letter oga left instructing no one to unseal until your arrival has been washed away”
This was becoming more startling and at the same time fascinating. 
“How did Mr. Gonida know I would be coming here?”
“Ma, I can’t answer that oh but she said she hoped you’d find the letter helpful and better than no lead at all though I don’t know what this means oh”
Actually it’s no business of his what the letter contains nor what the matter was. He was just an errand boy.
“Let me have the letter”
He handed her the letter and said “bon voyage” 
What does he mean by that? Had he read the letter and had seen the content? Would she be required to go on any trip?
God help her, she decided to contend with her curiosity until she was at home.

The letter reads
“Lady, I don’t think I owe you any apology but if u think so then I bet u know that you were also rude to me. So we’ll call it even. Crux of the matter, my late husband never ceased to talk about you for a moment”.
Beulah put aside the letter and allowed streams of thoughts to swim across her mind. How bold of this little girl to refer to a man of a hundred years as her husband. She continued.
“He said he lived and died for you. I didn’t know what he meant but I was extremely jealous. How could a man I gave my all talk fearlessly about another woman in my presence.
I freed him of the misery he called a life because I thought he had no other purpose than to brood over someone that might never surface. He was old, weak and pathetic, so killing him was no trouble at all, don’t ask me how I did it. He foresaw your coming because he said it was close and then he’ll leave all to you, I thought it was his property but after his death I bumped into his will and discovered everything was in my name but I don’t regret my actions though, am sure he’ll be grateful to me wherever he is”.
Such voluminous letter and she still have three more paragraphs to go. This girl must be straight from the pit of hell to commit such atrocity at her age and feels no remorse about it.
“He left the letter two days to his death and instructed that no one opens it until you arrive, you came a week after his death. When I saw you, my heart made a bend, it stirred up the old jealousy and hatred I had for you, adding that you were extremely gorgeous even more than I envisaged so I acted the way I did. When I had a change of heart,  yours was just about beginning, I had no option than to let you go.”
Almost the end, heavens see her through, she thought
“He told me a story, so I thought I should pass it on to you. I figured it adds a significance to what you seek. He said of a certain man many years ago that was killed for the wrong reason and laid a curse on the generation of his killer but because he didn’t want to be malevolent, he opted to return many years after for a chance for them to break the curse but if someone refuses to show up, he would give them one last chance and a baby will be born that will redeem them of their ancestral sins. And a particular day, he took me to the general hospital in Herpelia, claiming he was looking for an old friend of his, he ended up cuddling a pesky tiny child (pardon my words) that laughed too loud for his age the moment my husband, I mean late husband touched him. Too exasperating I couldn’t give him a child at my tender age.”
She was having a lead but heaved a sigh of relief as she was about entering the last paragraph.
“I thought she was his mistress but later gathered the child was born to an aged couple; one Mr. and Mrs. Jack Jaja, that they live a stone throw from the hospital. I am sure the woman is in her menopause age, Sometimes I wonder if miracles happen. The title of his letter to you was the lead to the causeless curse, I oversaw *winks*. Call me a shenanigan if you wish. Bon voyage while I brandish my new found wealth, Hugs and kisses.”

Finally, the letter was over and there was still hope for her. That man that trumpeted himself as an errand boy was more or less an accomplice in this, he knew the content of the letter and was not in any way alarmed and the little girl wouldn’t have plotted and executed all her plans without the help of someone more experienced. Anyways, she wouldn’t distress herself with matters that are way beyond her when she has more pressing needs to attend to. She had to find the Jacks before something terrible happens to her.




CHAPTER THIRTEEN

The buzzing phone interrupted her games and she hissed. The guy beside her danced unabatedly to the song from his mobile radio.
“Ooh, what does lily want this time?”
She moved the phone away from her
“Let it ring a little before I pick it up”
The guy was still dancing and she turned to him “sorry Dave the battery in my radio is running out” she picked up the radio, pressed a small button on the side and the music went off. Then she picked up the phone and waited for the caller to speak first, “will you ever stop missing me?” she queried
“You are joking right?” she popped up from her sit, wearing a wide grin “is he good looking, and he loves you?, okay, we’ll talk much later, no I’ll come over this weekend” she replaced the line still wearing the grin.
“What’s the news?” Dave’s  questions wiped away her grin, replacing it with a astounded look.
“Hmm, woman wrapper, you never cease to amaze me. I told you it was lily, my friend, and you still want to know what we discussed”
She sat next to him and continued with her game without noticing Dave’s grave expression.
“What was the call about Sapphie?” he inquired again, this time she looked up from her game and saw his earnest look.
“Fine! Lily’s getting married”
He smiled boyishly, “I knew it
Sapphie became more absorbed in her game ignoring him.
“Let’s get married” he moved close to her, placing his hand on her shoulder. When he saw that she didn’t respond, he repeated his statement “let’s get married”
She broke out into laughter.
“Stop being a nitwit and get serious, have you ever heard of the word love? That’s the stitch that determines the life span of the institution. If you are so hungry, there is something in the refrigerator that will make you to stop talking silly” she went back to her game. He pulled the pad from her and grasped her wrist firmly and said “I love you Sapphie” 
She looked into his eyes but looked away abruptly because she couldn’t stand the fire in it, it spelt desire, he desired her.

The three women were so engrossed in their movie, none said a word to each other, no doubt Beulah also find it interesting.  One of the women spoke for the first time since she had been standing in that rear window “do you know why this came as a surprise to her?” the other two focused solely on the screen without paying attention to her,  “for the ages she had known Dave, she had never seen him as the opposite sex, let alone imagine that he was in love with her. She even dresses in his presence”.
 “oh shut up and let me concentrate” whomever said this, said it so fast without looking away from the screen and Beulah couldn’t fathom which of the other two women had spoken, the youngest lady shut her mouth immediately and turned to the screen.
“Dave I understand perfectly, your girlfriends have been starving you of sex and you can no longer bear it” he pulled her closer to himself so that their lips almost met.
“You don’t understand a diddly. Do you know how long I have waited patiently just for you to realize am in love with you?, watched you, listened to you talk about different men, and do you know how much it hurts to watch the one you love, love someone else?
The woman that Beulah had already labeled loquacious spoke again
“I can explain this part, her heart beat has erupted she is afraid she would drop dead. She feels like kissing him, having a taste of him, she now sees him as a man. And Dave, he wants her so badly he yearns to run his fingers through every curve and part that makes her a woman, he wants her to feel him inside of her” she whispered “he wants to make love to her”
The woman next to the loquacious lady adjusted herself to reveal the little baby sitting in her hand, which must be Mrs. Jack Jaja. Just then she noticed that the other woman also had a baby of about the same age on her lap. Who then is Mrs. Jaja? There must be some way to find out. 
“Shhh, this scene promises to be interesting, the middle woman spoke again.  “but am almost running late” the last one spoke for the first time. “I must leave after this one”
Again they were held by the screen.
“Sapphie, Dave and you might just end up with each other, you two look happy together “
There is another lady with Sapphie and they were in a different apartment which Beulah guessed would be her friend’s, and this could be the weekend she talked about.
Sapphie slanged her in a local language
“Your head no correct oh, that one wey dey fear women like plague, God forbid”
She said passing her two hands over her head and snapping two fingers on each hand simultaneously to make sounds  like acapela.
“In fact,  you no get head”
The lady laughed uncontrollably and pointed to her head, “if I don’t have a head then what is this my neck is carrying?
“It’s a load and your neck deserves to be rescued. Perhaps I should help it” she moved the knife lying recklessly on the table close to the lady’s neck, then the lady screamed and leaped.
“Mrs. Jay Jay’s time is up, she has to run” the lady that talked less stood up and placed the baby on the sofa. The ladies were no longer looking at the screen and Beulah sat on her heels to ensure she wasn’t spotted. She is totally out of clue on how to approach the lady and tell her that the freedom of a present and a future generation lies on the palms of the young boy. Who would believe her anyway, she stood up just on time to hear when the youngest loquacious lady telling one of the ladies “bon voyage”
That must be the signal. Beulah tip-toed out through the utility entrance, the same way she had come in. she stood by the roadside looking out for the lady, she came out almost immediately carrying a hand luggage and her baby on the other hand. Perfect Beulah thought.

The sea shore was frightening, there were so many persons. Families with many luggage obviously going on vacation as it was close to Christmas. It wasn’t a good reminder because her Christmas has no form whatsoever, it doesn’t look promising as she had so many hard and uncertain nuts to crack. The lady which she believes to be Mrs. Jaja got to the security post and a uniformed lady searched her bag and handed it back to her. She brought out a white sheet of paper which looks like a receipt from her purse and the lady scrutinized it closely, sunk it in a basket by the side and gave her a red colored rectangular plastic case which would also serve as the pass. People were trooping in groups and the ship would be filled in no time, Beulah sat in confusion, not knowing what to do. She didn’t even know the destination of the ship and how to get on board. This could be her only chance of unraveling the mysteries around her and she wasn’t prepared to lose it yet. She walked straight into the office of the travel agents and inquired of them the destination of the ship and how to gain entrance and probably book for a cabin as she was told that the journey would take a few days, her only problem was how to get items she would need for the journey but the agents assured her that everything down to under wears could be bought on the ship, she was told the ship was headed towards a small island and that there were limited spaces as some passengers called to cancel their bookings and others moved theirs a few days away. She paid for her space and got a receipt, but before she came Mrs. Jaja was gone and the ship was so big it would take hours to find her, She decided to settle down first, since they have a few days to spend together in the ship. The ship was bigger inside than it showed outside, it had so many cabins and a spacious balcony, a decent size reception hall, a karaoke bar, and an exotic restaurant, the supermarket was larger than most of the ones she visited in town. A little fun would do no harm, she promised herself. She already drafted out her time table for the six days she’d spend on the sea. She bought a few clothes and food items, stocked her refrigerator with drinks and fruits, before going in to check the bathroom; her favorite part of a room, it was well equipped. So long as she was concerned her worries were gone a few days, living in a world of make believe made life much easier for her. 

Despite the scorching sun, the freezing hands of the sea breeze still found its way through her thick jacket made of fur. She resolved to rule out today in the search for Mrs. Jaja, perhaps providence just wanted her to see that aside her heartrending life, life can still be pleasurable. After so much fun at the karaoke bar, she went over to the dance floor and slugged it out. At about three o’clock in the morning, she became so worn out she could hardly walk to her cabin, she trudged until she was finally at her door. The hangover from the previous night kept her in bed for almost  the whole day. She woke up and discovered it was past noon, albeit she didn’t feel like leaving her bed but she had a task that was far more important than sleep. Beulah practically crawled into the bedroom and turned on the shower, she had a very cold shower despite the chilling air coming from all corners of the cabin. The water was refreshingly soothing and brought back life into her, she got into one of the clothes she had bought the previous day and began her search for her purpose of boarding the ship. It was almost dusk with no sign of Mrs. Jaja, day three had almost come to an end and she had barely spotted the lady and her baby and she was beginning to think they were not in the ship. Just as the sun began to make  way for the moon, there came wave of voices from one end of the ship, the uproar from that end drove her into confusion. So many persons gushed out from a particular cabin and ran in different directions and she wondered what was happening. Maybe the ship was on fire, but if it was she would see flames and creaking sounds. Then that is ruled out, what could possibly cause this great chaos that she would see a crowd breathing panic and disorder. Perhaps this could be her chance of seeing Mrs. Jaja since everyone seems to be running out of their individual cabins. The next thing she saw wasn’t a pleasant sight, two small boats were lowered into the sea and a great number of people hurried into it and then it was gone. It looks as if they were running for their lives, as if the ship was truly on fire but she must make sure Mrs. Jack is not on the moving boat, she moved closer to where the ruckus started, as she walked past one of the cabins, a woman peeked out from her door and pulled her in  violently. Her nerves were so relaxed she couldn’t panic. Once she was in the cabin, she sat on the bed and observed the room, it wasn’t any different from hers just that it looked lower in quality. The woman didn’t say a word in the next few seconds, probably allowing her to get used to the fact that she was brought in here not of her own volition. “I am Miss Martha” she said it as if she had given Beulah excess time to familiarize with the present situation. When Beulah didn’t speak she went further “don’t tell me you were going to the death scene without a second thought?”  

What is this woman saying? At first she forced her in here and now she is talking about some dead that doesn’t exist.
“What do you mean by death scene? The lady looked at her fiercely “little wonder you were walking into your doom. The last cabin on this row has four dead bodies all girls, poisoned with cyanide by a jealous wife. She trailed her husband and his supposed lover down here, without the husband noticing, and she caught him in the midst of some ladies. When he left them, she went to them in the pretence of being an acquaintance, and in the process she put cyanide in their drinks and moments later they were stone dead”
The hairs in her body stood upright like soldiers being summoned for parade. Beulah didn’t bargain for this kind of incident in a journey like this, she didn’t even have the slightest omen something was going to go wrong, unlike other times that were preceded by nightmares. 
“Who then discovered the dead bodies? 
“One of the cleaners”
She asked how they knew that the ladies were poisoned with cyanide and if the lady in question, the one that is accused of murder was caught in the act or the conclusion was drawn out mere suspicion.  “She left a note in her cabin, just at the entrance of it and it was found this morning when some crew soldiers went from room to room, searching for anything that would lead them to the murder. You didn’t get to hear of it because her cabin is just after mine”.  She pulled Beulah by the hand and headed for the door, she gently opened the  door with one hand and stuck out her head, she looked left and right before turning to Beulah, “come and see” she beckoned, Beulah went besides her, she adjusted a little so Beulah could fit in because the door was too small to hold two persons. “Look”, she pointed “that is her cabin” she pointed to a door that was wide open, the soldiers forced themselves in when they discovered no one was in and the key was gone”. She stepped back inside and Beulah knew it was time to retreat. They both went back inside and took their former positions as if they were mandated to do so. “The force men have been sent for and soon they will get here to take us all for questioning, if possible keep us in custody for days since the culprit is gone and most of  the travelers had left in a smaller boat”.
Beulah stood up and walked to the refrigerator, she opened it and held up a bottle of cold water that has some ice particles in them which would have made the entire water stone block if it had been left for another minutes. She pulled a glass and lifted it up to see if there were dirt in it, then she replaced it and took another one, she did the same to this one, satisfied, she poured herself a glass full of water and gulped it down in one sip as if it was  fetched straight from the tap. She had never had any reason to be in the police custody, this would be her first and it didn’t feel good. She would need someone to come bail her as it is the tradition with the police force, what town would they be taken to and who would she call?. Minutes later, the sound of a boat was heard approaching, the sound came closer with every throbbing seconds that passed. In no time the boat pulled up in front of their ship, conveying six uniformed men and eight men on mufti, they were fourteen in number, Beulah’s heart somersaulted and came back to its position,  her pressure rose to a hundred and seventy over hundred. What becomes of her when everyone had gotten someone to get them out of police custody. Her sister Ruby, was in Zion, even farther than Ojeba, where she lives. What if the press hears of it? She would grace the cover page of the national papers once again but in a different and unpleasant way. At the thought of this, the glass fell from her hand and shattered into millions of fragment, where in the universe would she find Mrs. Jaja, her only source of hope. Life has played another fast one on her, she had embarked on a wild goose chase to find peace of heart, and it has acted as one without a conscience, how malicious. Miss Martha was marveled and she didn’t attempt to hide it. “We are going to be released sooner than you think Beulah” Beulah broke down into tears and sat firm on the bed. “Are you alright” and still Beulah gave no answer r, she couldn’t find the courage to utter a word, her life was sliding downward close to abyss. “This is the end” was the only thing she could say, before Martha could say anything else,  there was a knock on the door and they took quick glances at each other, knowing it was the police men that has come to take away. Martha hesitated before going to get the door, when she opened it, two men stood there in black, like grim ripper waiting in a hospital beside a dying patient to take his lost soul away forever. Beulah voluntarily walked out of the cabin, past Martha and stood abreast one of the men, Martha was undecided for a moment, whether to go inside or come out. She requested to get her purse but the police men declined, saying that no one was allowed to touch any of their belongings that everything would be brought on the shore safe to where they boarded the ship. 
In front of the police station was parked a black avatar, she had seen it before. It is the same one he had driven to her house at East  avenue and also to church the next day and she wondered if a man of his caliber owns only one car, and at the same time she wondered at herself, she thought of him as a man of caliber  when she didn’t even know the nature of his job, or was it because he was a special guest at the most elegant girl in Nigeria beauty pageant? Anyways she wouldn’t let all of that bother her, all she would concentrate on now is that she is leaving this hell of a place which stenches like an overfilled latrine. And she wondered how the cell would smell like if just sitting behind counter could inflict such odor on her. When she walked out of the police station, she was not disappointed by her initial thoughts, the place was crowded with family members and countless pressmen, they flocked around from person to person, taking pictures and asking questions, some persons turn away as fast as they could to avoid the camera from capturing their faces, some were proud to speak in front of the camera and others spoke of-camera. She tried to be inconspicuous but before she could get to the car, one of the ladies caught a sight of her and shouted “wow! My lucky day” before running up to meet her. Beulah knew she would never pass through all these people without being recognized by one, she hastened to the car and helped herself in before anyone could get to her. Then she saw Martha, her new found friend, or was it her lost friend? Heading towards another car parked on the far end of the police station and she wished she could go over and say hello but it was impossible, her car was already screeching off, even if it wasn’t the press people would make a mess of her. She scanned the open space to see if she would find Mrs. Jaja but to no avail. Martha and her had been put in different buildings because they said the one Beulah was kept in was over filled and could not hold more persons so Beulah concluded that she would see Martha after she had been bailed out of here and exchange contacts with her, probably ask whomever came to release her-Martha  to also help in setting her-Beulah free. But when she ask what state they were in and she was told it was in Tropicana, she recalled Obiora had once told her he lived here, when she wondered what he would come all the way to a small city Ojeba to look for when everything one could ever ask for would be found in Tropicana because it has been the federal capital until a few years ago when a new administration took over from the old one and they decided to develop somewhere else. When she wrote down the address for them, she wondered where it came from because the day he called it out for her was the same day she emerged winner at the beauty pageant, she didn’t ever think she would come in contact with him again, so she waved is aside, not realizing it had gone to sit in a solitary corner in her head waiting to be called on. It came out without much stress, all she did was call his name and his address and looks came flooding in her every thoughts.
“It was rather too early to go for a holiday”
Just then she came to her senses, she recalled she didn’t even say a thing as she got into the car, not even thank you. The thoughts in her head had it spinning  like the wheel of  a car in a race. “Thank you” was the only word she could find in her vocabulary.
“I did what any friend who cares would do”
A recognizable sensation rushed through her but she couldn’t figure out what it was, it came as fear and then hate, but she wasn’t certain so she waved it aside. The man sitting besides Obiora said nothing all through their drive, even when they got to the hotel where Obiora checked her in, he didn’t come out of the car. She wondered if he was a dummy. Later that evening, obiora came in with a shopping bag and copies of the national newspapers, he bought her clothes and underwear. she felt a little uneasy that he would buy her underwear, and she wondered how he knew her size but it was ridiculous because virtually everyone in their right senses can tell the smallest size would fit her perfectly and this made her face turn blood red.
 “You are blushing”.
She didn’t know he was starring at her. When she looked up and caught his burning gaze on her bare shoulders, she quickly picked up one of the papers he had brought, as if it would be any consolation but what she saw stunned her; the out-going most elegant girl in Nigeria in the police net over murder scandal. It has a photo of her backside standing close to Obiora’s car This time her eyes were blurred with improbability, first she was called out-going when she still has over three months to her credit and secondly she has been inter woven with a murder she knew nothing about and was arrested just because she was on the same ship where it took place. Was she about to be dethroned? Tears took the better part of her eyes but waited for her to blink so they would come running like dews dropping of a cocoyam leave. “I thought you should see them, but it’s okay. The media people were just doing their job”. When she didn’t respond, he moved closer and clutched her waist with one of his hands and used the other to rest her head on his shoulders. His masculine perfume was harsh on her breathe but she wanted more of it.
 “it’s alright sweetheart” he called her sweetheart and she cringed and then he tightened his grip on her waist this made her wish she hadn’t reacted to his words. 
“my eyes have seen worse. I saw my dad for the first time in my life today but not alive”
She attempted to raise her head but Obiora gently pressed it down, he slowly ran his fingers through her hair, picking the pin that held it and letting it drop to her shoulders. He cupped her chin with his hands, bringing up her face to meet his and stared deeply into her eyes. “I have never stopped loving you and longing to be with you from the day we bumped into each other” Beulah wanted to reach for his lips, to stick her tongue into his mouth, to satisfy her inner urge. Things are beginning to turn out just as she wished, Obiora in her net and professing undying love to her.
“Beulah” her name sounded from afar, not like it came from Obiora’s lips. It sounded melodious, like he was searching for a key in the keyboard that would blend with the tone of a bird’s voice. It tickled her favorably. 
“I have to go see my half brother, my dad died in his hands and he has been a cuckoo ever since”. How disappointing, but she was certain he ‘d come back for her and besides she was curious to get details of his father’s story. 

Obiora was gone, this time for three days. She expected the management of the hotel to come ask her for money or stop bringing food for her, but none happened. On the fourth day, she resolved to inquire from the receptionist and the receptionist replied “Mr. Duke is one of our major shareholders and has as much as the general manager. He says you can stay as long as you want and he’ll be back once he is through with a pressing issue he must attend to”. Beulah was extremely satisfied with her findings. But the name Duke struck her hard. He bears the same surname as Shama, could they be related in some way? Her thoughts sounded ridiculous even to her because there were over a million Dukes across the continent and this is no different from the other cases. Notwithstanding the fact that she had the liberty to spend the rest of her life in the hotel, she still has to go home to her little comfort and try to tackle her problems. She packed her bag, and left a note at the reception for Obiora that included her house address. This time she had promised herself that she would hold on to him firmly, take him to the mountain top, blindfold him and lead him down the wrong way. Making him shatter his bones into millions of fragments. There is no going back.

Her house seemed desolated for ages, she missed it in a strange way. And she knew that if the house could speak, it would also confess that it missed her too. She placed her bag on the sofa and reached for the switch to the light but there was no power in the house. It was too dark, she could hardly find her way around it. So she came out and went behind into the generator house to power the generator. It took barely few minutes before the house was illuminated. She came back inside and she was happy she didn’t move further inside because she would have been trapped in spider’s web. Too tired to clean, she dusted the sofa with her handkerchief and slept on it as it has become a habit to her. The worms in her stomach were protesting, or so she thought by the time she woke up. She was dead hungry and there was no cooked food in the entire house and it was past ten in the night. There were no eateries in her neighborhood and before she would get to anyone in town, it must have closed for the day. She had no choice but to settle for cereals, at list she can boast of that. but before she can have access to any thing in the house, other than where she was, she must clean the webs and dusts lurking within the house. She reached for the dusting broom behind one of the chairs and started cleaning. She removed all the cobwebs in the living room, concentrating on the ones on the door. And then she moved to the kitchen, cleaning the refrigerator and the kitchen cabinets. By the time she was done cleaning the kitchen, her stomach had sunk so deep it almost merged with her back. She could barely carry herself. Beulah  got a plate and brought out the a sachet of golden morn and a tin of peak milk which she opened with a small knife, she poured out the golden morn into the plate and ate hungrily like a prisoner who hadn’t had the taste of good food for centuries. Before long, she slept heavily on the cushion, as had been her tradition for some time now.

By the time Beulah woke up, it was morning and she felt much more refreshed and relaxed than she had been for days, probably weeks, although she didn’t have the opportunity to have her bath the previous night. She decided to continue with cleaning the house, because it was the best she could do to keep her mind, body and soul busy. She cleaned until late into the noon. Then she hurriedly took her bath and dashed out of her house to get eba and oha soup from a nearby restaurant. By the time she returned, there was a visitor at her door, it was Obiora. Beulah wasn’t sure whether she expected him or not. His visit didn’t come as a shock to her because something inside of her, deeply hidden, welcomed him with stretched out arms.
“wow! You found me” Beulah said 
“the second time now. You should know I will always do” 
Obiora responded lifting himself to give Beulah the privilege of taking full note of his irresistible gallant features. She let her eyes run up and down Obiora admiringly without bothering if he noticed it or not. 
 She ushered him in and was terribly glad she had taken her time to clean her apartment.
“nice apartment, just like the other”. Obiora complimented, helping himself to a chair.
“thanks” she said placing her dish on the dining table. Obiora followed her with his eyes and she felt so uncomfortable. 
“you moved, why?
She wasn’t sure she wanted to answer his question.
“you don’t like my new apartment? It was more like a statement
“why, it’s cool”. 
“I got food, care to share?. Obiora stood up from where he sat and pulled a sit in the dining, unpacked the food and asked for water to wash his hands. He wanted to share her meal, contrary to what Beulah thought.  
“you are a lady, you should cook for yourself”.
His statement was unexpected but she had an answer for it like she knew it was coming.
“I do, sometimes. But you the saying that food tastes better when shared. So I prefer eating out”. 
“does that mean you know how to cook? Obiora asked
“of course”. Beulah laughed so loud she enjoyed the sound of it. 
 Life was anew to Beulah, caution was jettisoned,  she brought out a bottle of Irish cream from her wine bar and Madeira cake she got alongside the food. They had fun like they’d been friends forever. She had always dreamt of life this cozy. When he asked her out on a date she accepted without hesitation. She enjoyed every bit of his company, even his queen’s English. When he said here she thought he said hair, she wondered if oca was an English word  until  she figured out he meant occur. They talked at length, about almost everything, from family to personal life, but Obiora left his father’s part blank for reasons best known to him. on different occasions he kept telling her the time was yet to come. Beulah waited patiently for Obiora to voluntarily oblige her the opportunity of hearing that story but he held on to it like an important document being kept safe in the bank. They went out on subsequent dates and on one, Obiora took her to the most exquisite hotel she ever dreamt of steeping her foot on, went on his knees and proposed marriage to her. She wept profusely because she wished their union would be forever. To her, Obiora was a mere toy, even though she has always prayed for a man like him; she would wash him and hang him dry on the peak of the highest mountain for the world to see and learn from his experience. Sweet revenge, that is what she tagged her escapade. When Obiora asked her why she was weeping, she made up a quick cover story, telling him she was overjoyed. He took her gently into his arms and stroke her hair soothingly. This noble show of love conveyed  an important message that her game would soon  be over but not before he shows her off to his friends and family as wife to be. True to her prayers, he fixed a date for their wedding anon. 

“considering  how hard the economy of this country is, you should appreciate every dime I give to you”.
Mr. Duke had never been so crossed with his wife, not once, not ever. But his mum had never for once complained about the money he gave her, at least not to his knowledge. Things had never  been the same since his dad got promoted and was given his new office. The incessant quarrels between his mum and dad, the late nights by his dad and the constant nagging and crying of his mum.
“we have been living below poverty level ever since you were moved from your former office”. His mum was standing arms akimbo in front of his dad.
“I wonder if you were demoted or promoted”. Mr. Duke raised his hand as if he was going to hit his wife and then brought it down again. it was the first time Obiora would see his dad attempting to hit his mum. Really just as his mum had said a few days ago, something is wrong somewhere. Mr. Duke would not be classified as hostile, not until a couple of months ago when a beautiful secretary was assigned to him. Rumors had it that his dad was having an affair with her but his mum bluntly refused to believe it because she was a member of their church choir and even one of their lead singers. 

Their poorly furnished living room suddenly grew cold, the Cain chairs and worn out curtains that contradicted each other became duller than it originally was. He felt their black and white television and record set which his dad uses to play Fela and king Robert Ebizimor on Saturdays, starring intensely at them wanting attention. Oh how Obiora wished uncle Lawrence would come in and break the scorching silence that devoured his heart like fire on a sheet of paper. Admitting uncle Lawrence would not restore peace but he would take his dad out and leave him and his mum to their little comfort, but not this time, no one would come, there was no savior.
“Titilayo”. This was the first time Obiora’s dad would refer to his mum by her first name in his presence. He would not have known his mum’s name was Titilayo if not that his teacher once asked them their mother’s names and he didn’t know his, that day he came back and asked her. That was the only time he’d heard the name. even her friends and neighbors called her mama Obiora.  
“you are over stepping your boundary and believe me you won’t appreciate what you will get”. 
Obiora was glad his mum had not responded to this. Mr. Duke stepped out of the house in anger and his mum retired into a chair behind her and wept bitterly, just as he had seen her weep recently. Obiora went over and sat on the hand of the chair his mum sat on. He said nothing but wept with her. His mum lifted him and made him seat on her lap.  She wiped her tears and held firmly on to him as if acquiring comfort from him. the roughly cemented floor and their roof which had an opening did not help matters as the heat from the sun built a realm in the room. The ceiling fan had ceased working a couple of months ago and his dad had promised to give their life a lift when his promotion came, but all those promises were emptied into the arms of another woman. Things became worse as his dad would go on business trips that lasted for weeks, and sometimes he would be in town and not even come home at all. His mum ventured  into the sale of garri and plantain, she made him hawk them after school hours. She would tell him that if he wanted to continue schooling and become someone great in future, that he would not hesitate to sacrifice his present in the alter of the future.

One day, his dad came back home with a heavily pregnant woman and her luggage, it wasn’t his secretary as everyone had thought, it was her sister. He had seen her not many times in church, but after service, when the secretary come over to say hello, the sister would walk past  them and never turn back. His dad sent his mum packing that day with hardly any of her belongings, claiming he bought the others for her and that she had no right to them, including him.
“Dormene you will regret this someday but then it will be too late”.
It was the only thing his mum said to his dad, calling him by his native name. people said his mum had gone back to the west to put bits and pieces of her life together. Months later, on his way back from school, his mum came to abduct him and that was the last he saw of his dad and stepmom. Life with his mom wasn’t entirely a bed of roses but its tranquility was better than his dad’s constant bullying. He missed those days when it was just him, his mum and his dad, dwelling in their whole world. When they had little or nothing to eat and his dad would come home complaining of lack of money, his mum would go into the kitchen and come out with three plates of food and his dad would sing praises of her till the next day, he missed those days when they lived in peace.

In his final year in the university, his mum died. He graduated the next year and secured a job with a major consulting firm, but not once did he stop thinking about his dad and the pregnant woman he saw with him, his half sister or brother would be seven years younger than he is. He resolved to go and look for them but waited for the right time to present itself  and it did some three months ago when he met Beulah and knew that soon he would have to choose a wife, raise a family. Luck had shined on him either ways as he walked into his dad’s little apartment wondering if his dad had lived in penury all his life. At one end laid a very flat mattress with a sickly man he recognized as his dad, laying on it, and a young man almost his age sitting beside him on a low wooden chair. The room was empty except for the kerosene stove and a pot that has been blackened by charcoal on another end. The man looked emaciated obviously from a long outstanding illness. The young man was sober, he gawked at the sickly man with something in his eyes, something Obiora could hardly fathom. He wasn’t noticed until the sickly man turned his head towards the door and the young man followed his gaze and locked his on Obiora. Obiora moved forward and held out his hand, requesting a friendly handshake.
“Obiora Duke”. He said
The young man and the sickly man on the mattress stared simultaneously at each other but none said a word. Then they shifted their gaze back to Obiora. The sickly man smiled and grinned broadly and then began coughing heartily. The young man rushed down and raised him gently from the mattress and placed him on his legs, just the man became silent and Obiora knew he had passed on. The young man stared fixedly at the dead man on his lap with shock and cloud of tears in his eyes. Obiora felt a pang  of pain surge through his heart, not knowing who for, whether his dead dad that died almost thirty years now so long as he was concerned or the young man and the loss he must be feeling. Obiora pulled him out of where he sat and out of the house. The young man disclosed his identity as Shama Duke, he said his mum died while giving birth to him and his dad-their dad, took ill some ten years ago. That no doctor could diagnose the name or cause of the illness, that their dad ran away afterwards, abandoning him with his nanny and he hated his dad until today when he found him again. their dad had told him all about Obiora and his mum, that they were the reason he left. He had gone in search of them and but discovered that Obiora’s mum-Titilayo- was dead and Obiora left a long time ago. He decided to come and die in solitude where no one would find or mourn him, but he wished to see his two sons again before he died. They bought a place in the local cemetery and buried their dad quietly before Obiora decided to take Shama with him to get acquainted with him, they had a lot of catching up to do and besides Shama was still in shock. 

Beulah just couldn’t believe her ears, it just wasn’t possible for both of them to be brothers. The story she wanted to hear has finally been told and she wished he never told her, but this made her game sweeter. Her meeting with Shama instigated her quest. He was like fuel to a hungry fire. His presence took her back to every hour she spent missing him, everyday she spent wishing he’d come back. She felt like clasping his breathe and putting all in an enclosed container, like watching him suffer till his death. When Obiora introduced them both, she almost lost her composure but caught her balance because she would never dare give in, not when her project was almost at the verge of completion. She kept her cool and pretended Shama was new to her as Obiora would have wanted him to be. Both Beulah and Shama played their roles professionally during and after dinner. A young lady in her late twenties who Obiora later introduced as Shama’s wife played hostess. 

Before the night was over, Beulah slipped a small note into Shama’s hand, inviting him to Sapphires, the same hotel he had proposed to her about a year ago, for some reason best known to him, he declined her invitation and she decided to go over to his house to see why he took her for a joker.

“Beu”
“you dare not call me that”. Beulah snarled at Shama with such sternness. 
“what is the point making me feel important after you planted a poisoned seed in my world”.
“I apologize once again for the pain I caused you”.
She contemplated his words. I apologize for the pain I caused you. She would have considered his plea if it had come earlier but now it seems a little too late.
“no, the pain you are causing me. Its continues sweetheart and you must pay dearly for it”. Shama sat directly opposite her but moved when the fury in her began to evaporate through her mouth. The fire in her eyes went up against the grin on her lips. He sat on the couch close to the door and Beulah presumed he had the intention of running out of the house should she get physical, because at the rate at which she was going, she would soon lose control. She purposed to put her temper under thorough check. “I am sorry Shama dear, but I still feel like you are mine”. Beulah said with this feeling of total guilt, knowing that she was altogether wrong. All she felt was an incomprehensible hate like none she had ever known. “but you are engaged to be married to my brother”. This was supposed to be a spear that would have pierced through her chest to her heart but she found her defense in the fact that she had been hurt by this man and somehow, him and everyone close to him has to know what it feels like to be hurt by the one you love, and the mere love she feels for Obiora is not enough reason for her to lay down her resistance.
“that is not what I want”. Beulah snapped.
“then what is it that you want Beulah?, you are a beautiful woman, you are famous, you have a name and also a good man who is rich enough to take care of you. What else can any lady wish for?”
“Beulah Marshall is not just any lady, and you don’t want to know what I wish for sugar. I wouldn’t want to be like the biblical Herodias’s daughter that would ask for the head of your wife on a platter, nor would I want to be so wicked as to ask to ask for your divorce papers as my birthday present but” Shama stood  up in panic but Beulah paid no attention to him “I wish to have a taste of you, even if it will be for the last time. I crave to be lost in the world of your  arms once again”. and now she stood in front of him, close enough to feel his breathe from his nostrils, it was as hot as the heat from an oven. She caressed his chin and cheeks, kissed him tenderly and then passionately but Shama stood still like a zombie, refusing to reciprocate.  She took his both hands and placed it on her buttocks and then she pressed herself on him only to realize his hardness on her. She kissed him again and this time he took his place as a man, ravishing her tongue, he let go of her lips and his mouth moved down to her neck, then slowly he held her back, unfastening the buttons from her blouse. In no time she was left with just her braziers. He held her away from him for a moment and looked at her admiringly, then he pulled her close to him and released the hook from her bra, watching it drop made him leap and immediately he cupped one of her breast in his mouth and sucked it hungrily like a baby milking his mother’s breast. He squeezed the other and she groaned with both pleasure and pain, and his hand snaked down to her thighs, and then between her legs and he caressed it gently, plunging his hands deep in it, letting his hand play the role his body would have. At a moment she liked what he did to her but Just then she realized she was on a mission to give him pain, not pleasure. She pulled his hands away from her and kissed him again, burying her tongue in his mouth and at the same time taking his lips between her teeth and biting it teasingly. She stepped back a bit to take of her trousers. She helped Shama to take of his shirt and then his trousers, then finally his boxers. He stood still starring at her with burning intensity. Beulah almost laughed aloud, she felt the room and everything in it starring at them. She imagined Shama inside of her and the thought made her want to choke. How disgusting. His dick was almost leaving him, it stood tall and strong and she felt at peace with herself when she imagined the pain he must be going through. She had brought him this far, far enough to always think of her and dream of having her. Satisfaction was the feeling that overpowered her, she was sure of it this time. This will keep him running after her and away from his beloved wife, and drooling over her each time he sees her. “I have to freshen up to enable you have a new taste of me”. She lied, she was done with him for the day.
“please don’t leave me hanging much longer, I might just die of pain. I want you desperately”. He moved close to her and  merged both their bodies together. Beulah made no attempt to stop him. she kissed him again and rubbed his dick with her hand. then she pulled away and went into the bathroom without taking a second look at him.

The water from the shower, was as cold as ice but she felt refreshed. It was the right medicine to her present torture. She sat on the bath tub, pondering over her actions and a twinge of culpability engulfed her. What would be Obiora’s reaction if he found out?  She didn’t know she had the act of seduction in her, Shama had made her discover something she wasn’t supposed to ever know about. She was grateful for that. she stayed in the bath tub much longer than she anticipated but she was glad because before she would get back, Shama must have had enough time to get back to his senses and into his clothes. It also made her relax that Shama’s wife had travelled to represent her boss who was abroad for a congress, and she won’t be back till mid week and Obiora also said he was going to India for a medical workshop. She could even pass the night in Shama’s place if she so wishes. Just as she wanted to step out of the tub she noticed a snake of about eight inches making its way into the  tub but couldn’t because of its slippery nature. She was so confused, she had never seen a snake before and she prayed this would be one of her maddening nightmares, that she would wake up and find herself on her bed or on the sofa as usual. But it was real, as real as the fact that she had just seduced Shama and was stark naked in his bathing room. She looked around wondering where the snake came in from but she found none. This isn’t time to look for cause but for cure. She gazed around to see if there was anything she could use to kill it or at least hold it down till she called for help but there was nothing in sight. She screamed so loud so that she was sure that even passers-by would hear her and she waited for a couple of seconds for Shama to run in, asking her what the matter was but she was disappointed, there was no sign of Shama or any help at all. She weighed up her chances of escaping without being bitten by the snake. The snake was almost on the edge of the  tub and soon it would be inside the bath tub and she’d be poisoned by its bite. She splashed water on it and it slipped back to the floor and she was grateful for the smooth surface. She stood stock-still, looking at the snake as it made its way back to the tub and this time faster than before as if not wanting her to stop it again, before she knew it, the snake had rolled into the tub and slowly turned towards her direction, raising its head the way she had seen in movies and read in books when people were being bitten by snakes. She was going to die and a funny thought came to her : she would die just the same way she was born, unclothed. She took one last step of courage, covered the snake with the towel she pulled from above the shower and while it struggled to release itself, she ran out of the tub. A close one, she thought. As she walked out of the bathing room, she would have vouched she heard voices and engine starting and car screeching, but when she entered the living room, Shama was fully dressed, just as she expected, and he quickly took his eyes off her as if afraid that she might turn him to stone if their eyes met. “There is a snake in the bath tub”. She said to him trying to hide her fear but wished he would hold her, even in her nudity and tell her everything will be fine. “not again”. he said and dashed out of the living room. “it’s gone”. He said as he came back almost immediately. Her clothes were not where she had left them, seeing that she searched for them with her eyes, Shama went behind one of sofas and retrieved them. She wondered why he had put them there, if anyone one had come to visit and he had hid them. She couldn’t ask him as he said nothing to her and she knew he must have done a lot of thinking, enough to realize he had hurt her because she saw something that looked like tears in his eyes. And when she told him she was leaving, he only nodded, she almost felt like giving up her game but she still pushed a little further, inviting him again for dinner as sapphire’s

“please do well to compliment my look tonight”. Beulah said smiling. She wore a red halter neck gown that the lower part of her thighs groped to have a feel of. “I took virtually all my day trying to fix a gorgeous look especially for you”. Shama said no word but lusting after her bare shoulders that her loosed  hair caressed passionately. He got hold of himself and pulled his eyes back to her face, only to find her tempting eyes staring fixedly at him.
“excuse me, I need to use the convenience”. Beulah saw how uncomfortable he felt and she was glad he still found her attractive, of course very few men wouldn’t with the way she was dressed. Job made easier.
“you are quite excused, just be certain you will find me here when you return”. She winked at him and he quickly looked away. He took so long, Beulah knew he needed time to cool off. She thought deeply of something else to do to get him off his balance when he returns. For the first time since she came in to look around the poorly lit restaurant. She noticed an aged man of about sixty years and a lady about the same age with him. the lady smiled so ardently into the man’s waiting eyes, they locked their gaze and said things that only both of them could hear. They were so lost in each other’s world as if no other person existed in the world. A cramp of sorrow snaked its way into her heart and her night, Beulah prayed silently for a man that will love her till even when wrinkles designs an ecological map on her face, legs and hands. Just then, Shama pulled his seat and sat down. She hadn’t seen him come. 
“you are crying”. He said
She touched her cheek and found it wet. A stream of tears had crept down her cheeks without her knowledge. He handed her his handkerchief and she damped her face mildly and handed it back to him.
“we need to talk”. 
She noticed he was more relaxed than he’d been earlier. He probably had gone to the gents to gather momentum to face her. And she liked the power she was exercising over him. 
“that’s why we are here” she said opening her velvet purse. She brought out a little red box. “isn’t it adorable?” she inquired, turning it from side to side. He waggled in agreement, and then she placed it on the table. She stood up to reveal her opaque thighs. They were as shiny as a translucent ebony furniture which just left the carpenter’s workshop with its spray still evident. She walked out through the exit and her buttocks wiggled like south African rebels in their freedom fight. She came back almost immediately with colors on her cheeks and sparks in her eyes. 
“business time”. She said just as she lowered herself beside him, taking the red box on the table. She opened it to reveal the same ring Shama had given to her as a sign of their engagement. “please be mine, she said grinning at him”. Shama looked around shockingly and tried to pull her up. 
“don’t touch me”. She squeaked.
“people are watching Beulah, please don’t create a scandal”.  She actually didn’t wish to create a scene, not to taint her own image before Obiora and her country at large. Why is she even bothered  about Obiora and what he thinks of her, he could take a trip to hell for all she cares but something in her holds on to him like its world depends on his existence, she’d figure out later why she couldn’t altogether care less about Obiora no matter how much she tried.
“to hell with them, it’s you I care about”. She didn’t know she had so much dramatic skills. She could actually make a record in nollywood. 
“we can settle this diplomatically Beu”.  He called her Beu, just like he used to and she wondered if he could still remembered when he called her that and told her it was short for beautiful.
“say yes please, please accept my proposal as I once did for you. We don’t want your wife and Obiora to know about us, do we?” she was blackmailing him politely.  She wept lavishly, this time not in pretence but it was in remembrance of the way she felt when he proposed to her.  He hesitantly brought forward his left hand and she slipped the ring into it. 
“good then, we are done here, let’s go home”? she stood up and dusted her both knees lightly. The shadowy light that sat on the restaurant gave Shama a sagging look or maybe he wore a sad face that was masked with fear, he feared her, what she could do to him and his family. She was proud of the fact that her revenge was taking the shape she had wanted it to. Shama hesitated again and she gave him a violent look. He reluctantly moved his sit backward and lifted himself out of it. How art the mighty fallen, she thought amusingly. When they got home, she took him inside and made him sit on the sofa, she undressed him and made love to him right there.
Sitting in the school where she was once a student made a whole lot of difference. She wondered if the birds flying in the sky did have a direction or whether they flew randomly for fun or for something else that only made sense in a bird’s world. Just over the school fence, a man on the network mast  looked so much like a fixed equipment on it, like a monument, only a closer look revealed his slow movements. By the time she looked down and up again, he was gone, so fast like the wind that buzzed either ways since she came in. the air played pranks on her hair, pulling it over her face and extending its invincible hands to the trees and grasses as an act of friendship, inviting them to a dance regatta. The trees responded sluggishly like a maiden being forced to marry a man she detest just for his wealth. The nylon bags and sheets of paper danced haphazardly in ecstasy like an English man dancing to African beats. Beulah laughed aloud at the thought of this. Once she had seen an English man dancing in an African Occasion, and she had thought and insect was moving about his body and he was trying to locate it. She laughed again, this time even louder and then she realized she was laughing sincerely for the first time in a long time, and it felt so good. Life itself is not altogether fair but most persons are not also fair to it, she felt sorry for this, knowing she had judged life unjustly. There are things one ought to be grateful for and a few bad ones that are put on the other end just to balance the scale. The children racing in front of the teacher’s quarters must not have known the other part of life else they wouldn’t be so happy with themselves or so she thought. The inscription on one of the children’s shirt read “simplicity in sincerity”. Had she really been sincere to herself and everything around her? The question already had an answer, a fearless no dangling in her face with bold characters like the colorful feathers of a peacock. She needs to make U-turn, just as the lady of her dreams had advised. 

Leaving wasn’t as easy because it felt like leaving one’s home to a foreign land. She found so much comfort in the school environment. How would Obiora react if she told him all that transpired between Shama and her, and her ugly quest for vengeance. Would he believe her if she told him she sincerely love him? These thoughts lingered in her head as she slipped into her shoes and headed for the gate. She couldn’t come to terms with the fact that she had been in the same community as her mum and didn’t get the urge to go see her. What if someone had recognized her and told her mum? She was sure no one would, considering the reality that she hadn’t been to the village in her car. Her drive home was one long boring one. She wished her car would develop wings and fly like an airplane. To steal a look into the future was what she desired, to have an idea what she’d be facing in a short while. 

Shama’s house looked different in a strange way, the burning silence could serve as a torture to anyone who stayed in it for too long. She couldn’t bear to endure such silence that spoke so loud, registering its presence in every way. Shama was home, she was sure of that, the window in his bedroom was wide open and the curtains ran in and out as if trying to check who it was that drove in. the evening breeze was low on the terrace, as she stood waiting for him to get the door. She was especially grateful for it because the breeze from the long drive had re styled her hair and she was sure she looked awkward in it, but who cares about looks when a need is more urgent. Shama appeared looking shattered and she wondered what could be wrong with him, maybe he lost someone.
“I need to talk to you, this time it’s for real”.
The gentle evening breeze blew over both their ears, whispering silent words to them, speaking in a language that only a fellow breeze could understand.
“not now”. He said icily and went back into his house. There was something in his eyes, a look that she could hardly comprehend, it wasn’t fear, neither was it hate. She knew he detested her so much now for all she had been doing to him, but his look was softer than hate. She knocked again and waited for him to respond but it took a long time, like forever for him to re surface. When he came back she recognized the look on his face, it was sorrow, he was depressed. But why would he be? Was it because of her and all she had been making him go through. Was his depression mental or emotional?. She wished he would give her the chance to tell him that never again would she bother him, that she was ready to build a life with Obiora and leave their ruthless past behind. It was time she stopped playing her games. “can’t you spare a few minutes, I won’t take forever and I promise to be reasonable this time”. He waggled his head and stood as if waiting for her next words. He look like he was going to drop dead any minute. “what time and day do you recommend for i to return?” 
“Tuesday, four thirty”. The words spurted out like they had been reserved in his random access memory, waiting to be called upon, to be accessed by a burdensome heart. Tuesday is two days from today, she wondered why he would put her off for so long but she had no other alternative because before she could even say another word, Shama was gone. She resolved to go over to see Obiora, to make up for all the time she had been away from him, to show him more love and affection, to prove to him that she truly loves him. then maybe sometime in the future, she would tell him all about herself and Shama. Obiora’s door was weirdly shut. Not like Obiora, he’d leave a note for her informing her of his whereabouts, aware she could pop in at any time. But this time there was not a note for her, not message whatsoever. As disappointed as she was, home was the only place she could go. She was sure Obiora would check on her later.

She noticed something unusual about the portrait, it looked different but she couldn’t comprehend what it was. Could it be that someone had changed it while she was away? But no one has access to her house, besides every other thing was intact. A close scrutiny told her some rather insignificant images have been added to the real image, it used to be just the lady with a rose in her heart but someone had painted something extra. The other image was a lady with little curves but she pointed towards the trees as if gesturing for others to see. There were some other ladies about her age, facing her, but she seemed to be their leader. Beulah wondered if this was the portrait she had bought, or perhaps she was hallucinating. It was a Sunday and the artist wouldn’t be in his shop, she resolved to check him the next day so as to compare it-the portrait- with the similar one in his gallery. She left the living room and came into the master bedroom only to find a diary on her bed, now she was no longer surprised, someone broke into her house and forgot this on her bed. She picked it up without hesitation, hoping it will lead her to the burglar. As she turned open the cover page, what she saw  made her heart skip to her lips.
THEY ARE COMING FOR YOU BEULAH
It was boldly written with red ink, who are they? Could it be the authorities? If so then they must have found out her crime. She was shaken, clenching her teeth like ice was poured over her. She reluctantly went back into the living room, but the portrait was gone, replaced with the original. This is indeed the most horrible nightmare she had ever had, she must wake up at once. Waking up was a nightmare on its own, then a crack of dawn swelled back and forth within her, it is not a dream, it is real. The portrait was on the floor, the lady facing others was the lady of her dreams she stepped out, then others followed, 
“It’s time” the lady of her dreams spoke
A witch must have cast a spell on her to make her have delusions, she was speechless, frozen, thoughtless. Beulah shook of herself from such frightening imagination, there is no such thing as witch craft, not in this present dispensation.
 When she waited till sun down and Obiora didn’t show up, she regretted not living a note for him to make him know that she was at his place.  She hated nightfall, years ago her mum used to tell the night was young and innocent, that it was only the day wearing a mask to scare people from walking and that it removes it when the game becomes less interesting. And that bad people only take advantage of its vulnerability, making it look perverse. Some of those days, she would wish the day would be too busy to play its game or its mask will get missing, but it never did, It was natural. As time went by the story of the night changed, her mum told her that God created the night to always remind us that sometimes in life, things would get so bad so that we get confused and can’t find our way through it. But we need to be reminded that if we pray and sleep, that God will listen and work, that he will create a brand new day where we will plunge into endless possibilities and make better choices. Beulah rather stuck to the latter, it was more logical than the former. Tonight she’s going to be sleep and wake up tomorrow to decide on what to do to Shama and Obiora.

The key to the public tap in the centre of the compound had broken, Beulah can hardly get water without going to ask for the key from her neighbors or wait for even hours when the children in the compound are back from school and ready to fill their kegs. Today she had overslept due to the fact that in her professional exams earlier, her invigilator had collected her script before she could even answer one question out of the three she was expected to answer, she’d pleaded with him to give her more time but he refused saying she had used up all her time and that  she was flippant and not careful about everything in her life, and she had been upset with him because he knew nothing about her to accuse her of impertinence.  She got home and allowed herself to sleep away every bitterness, when she woke up, it was almost dark and she recalled she had used up the last water in her room and she’d be stranded in the morning since there source of water was a nearby bank and they will not be refilling the tanks until its working hour. She was lucky to have found someone in the tap. She rushed to the bathroom to get her water cans. The lady at the tap looked like aunty Catherine, the matron in charge of the boarding students but aunty Cathy as she was fondly called by the borders didn’t even raise her head when Beulah asked her if she could borrow her key to enable her use the second tap. Beulah had almost filled all her cans when aunty Cathy took the keys from her, telling her her time was up. This act marveled her because aunty Cathy was too kind a lady to be this cruel. “aunty Cathy it’s me Beulah”. She said this hoping aunty Cathy would raise her face and have a change of heart but when aunty Cathy raised her head, it wasn’t aunty Cathy, it was the lady of her dreams, same face but in a different body.  She woke up without panic, just a quick chill running in her and sweat flowing from her forehead to her eyes and her mouth. The salty taste of it made her feel somewhat good and she didn’t know why. She wiped the sweat from her face with her hand and she was amazed at how much she had sweated within a short time, she looked around and noticed that Power holding company had seized the light. She powered on the generator and the ceiling fan was spinning again like it would drop down any moment. She didn’t mind because it soothe her need at that instant. Sleeping that night was a bit difficult, she wondered why the lady and the examiner told her her time was up, what they meant by their statement. Tomorrow she was going to face Shama and create a brand new life for herself with Obiora. Tomorrow, a brand new day begins, tomorrow and every other tomorrows will be better, far better. She hardly slept before she realized it was five o clock in the morning, time for her personal interaction with her creator. She knelt beside her bed with her two hands clasped and her head bowed. She started “dear lord I do not ask for a change, all I ask for is a push forward, a step ahead, to be stronger, bolder, more confident, and courage to handle every situation diplomatically. Because if I ask for a change, I will become anew and everything will start afresh. Lord I do not have the perpetual patience to start planting every seed in life over again and then wait for them to germinate and then bear fruit. Dear lord, I do not wish to become a suckling again and depend on the breast of another. Lord I ask that you water my breast and form one to milk it. I ask for one will depend solely on it for a couple of months and cry when it is not readily available. Dear lord, I do not wish for a new set of legs but I ask for you to strengthen my legs. I do not wish to start life’s journey over again because I have come too far from where I started from but I ask for motivation to continue and grace to finish” she opened her eyes and took a quick glance at her time, she still had a few minutes before it was completely dawn. She closed her eyes and continued “dear lord, please give me a heart as strong as a loud noise and as shallow as a shadow. A heart to forgive everyone that has hurt me in one way or another but before then grant me this one last one wish” she paused for long, not sure of what she wanted to ask. “dear lord” she opened her eyes once more contemplating on the request she wanted to ask God for, “dear lord, please help me to” she paused, it wasn’t right, “dear lord, I ask that you oblige me the privilege of giving Shama a final lesson that…that…that will hunt him all his life”. Oh my God I didn’t just ask God for that, she was shaking, she didn’t believe she would still want vengeance after all she had concluded. Just yesterday, she had resolved on taking a new turn and today her quest for vengeance had return from within. She felt the room closing in on her, the room was getting smaller and the roof was dropping. She closed her eyes tightly and ran blindly into the bathroom, she turned on the tap, and closed the exit, dipped her face into sink, and let the water was away every thought from her. She wished her head will be completely blank, like a plain sheet of paper, and she will fill it with the kind of thought she wishes. When she raised her head, she felt a lot better, but still a bit shaky from the nightmare and her prayer this morning. She wished she could share her nightmares with someone, maybe Obiora but that might send him racing four hundred kilometers in thirty seconds. As tears flowed down her cheeks, she was relieved because she was crying out her fears and worries.
“I tried to tell you but you didn’t give me the chance”. Shama wore a sorry look that Beulah thought he was going to burst into crying before his next word came out.” I was attracted to you, and then it was an obvious infatuation because I was loving my wife helplessly at the same time that I was drawn to you. The possibility of loving two persons is next to nil, I had to leave you for good because I was lawfully married to her and I was bound to you with mere words and the law as you know cannot be ignored except for tangible reasons. You took it the wrong way, your revenge has shattered all our dreams, our hope, and lives. My wife is gone, thanks to you, Obiora has also left us thanks to your revenge. We are H.I.V positive and it’s you and I against the world”

“Now you are wrong sweetheart, it’s me against the world and you against the world. I am going away to where no one would find me” she wondered if she would actually find a place like that  “there I will live, grow old and die. I wish you happiness and love. Life has been unfair to me and now It’s my turn to be unfair to it, I will never laugh nor cry any more till I die. H.I.V is not the worst but life without love is meaningless. See you in heaven…goodbye I guess”.
God forbid, this would never be.
Thoughts of how Shama was going to disclose the details of their situation worried him. how was he going to tell her that he tested positive to H.I.V test, and that she’d possibly test same, that his wife came in and caught them the day she came to seduce him in his apartment, and that Obiora had also known about their affair and left for good 

Just halfway to Shama’s house, she turned on the radio and a slow rhythm and blues music filled her car, she relaxed and enjoyed the flow.  At first it played Betty Midler’s from a distance and then it went on to play a whole new world, she had always loved this song but she’d never bothered to find out who sang it. She flow with the lyrics tell me whence and when did you last let your heart decide,  a whole new world, a hundred thousand things to see (don’t you dare close your eyes), am like a shooting stars, I can’t go back to where I used to be. A whole new world with new fantastic things to see, no one to tell us when or where to go. A whole new world was what she was going to build, a castle laid on love’s foundation. 

Beulah had always had negative feeling about the higher institution she attended. She dreaded going back there for anything whatsoever. During her first and second year in school, she found reasons to join other students in calling it Glorified University of Stress and Tension, instead of Green University of Science and Technology. She almost read out her eyes and managed to graduate with a second class upper degree instead of a first class degree that would have duly compensated her for all the stress she went through and resources she spent. Students where always against lecturers, lecturers against vice chancellors, or student union government against dean of student’s affairs. The institution always went from strike due to issues with the academic staff union of Universities to internal crises which made students stay away from school for considerable number of months, sometimes even years. She wondered if she would have been able to participate in the National Youth service corps’ scheme if she hadn’t gotten admission into the university at the tender age of sixteen, because she spent seven years studying a four-year undergraduate course. But one more drive into the university premises wouldn’t kill a cow. So she turned left and decided that she’d go see Shama when she was done. She drove down to the admissions block, close to where the vice chancellor’s office is situated and she turned left again to the library. The school structures were radically changing, but academically it was growing into a state of coma. She parked her car in the library’s lot and decided to take a stroll to the faculty of arts where she had graduated from about three years ago. Halfway, she met Sarah, her former course mate. Sarah was looking as flamboyant as ever. Sarah and her used to be friends back in their freshman year, until they broke into separate groups. They still hooked up together sometimes but Sarah was not the kind of girl Beulah would want to be caught with. Sarah was always either in Abuja or Lagos, even though she had no relatives there. She went go there to hook up with guys she met on the social network, and have sex with them for money. She paraded herself as a ‘coded runs girl’.
“what the heavens are you doing here?”
Sarah was so shocked to see her.
“my gawd! beautiful Beulah, its been ages. Today must be Christmas somewhere in the world. God Beulah you are so everywhere; on t.v, papers, magazines, internet, even on people’s lips in commercial vehicles. Babes you’ve done so well for yourself. I envy you o”. Beulah laughed frantically. Sarah would go on and on and on if given the chance.
“sweetheart, that’s one achievement God in his infinite wisdom decided to bless me with. Make me self I follow you na”.
“hello! Did someone just say something? Your beautiful body, your brilliant brains, and a prestigious crown over this swan-like head of yours” nudging Beulah’s head to one side “those are three highlighted achievements plus a million others I might not know about, are things I Sarah Etim would gladly be crucified for. Babes you don’t seem to understand, I’d give my life to be called Beulah Marshal for a week”. 
Life is such a mystery. Beulah thought. If only Sarah knew how desperate she was to be called someone else and be rid of all her miseries. 
“now what is the coded runs girl doing in this glorified secondary school?” Sarah laughed incessantly.
“this babe you never change o. I been think say as you don begin they use fork and knife dey chop with governors, say you go reform small. Anyways coded runs girl, that was in the past. Now I have a fiancé and soon we shall be tying the knot. As for what I am doing here, I am here for my master’s degree. Babes there is no time to look at the time o. you are moving with the tide na, abi na me you want make I carry last?”
Sarah Etim of all people in a serious relationship and also doing her second degree, Beulah you really do not have time, she mused. 
“I know by now countless men must have printed a wedding card and fixed a wedding date, waiting for you to say yes so that they can fix the bride’s name and boom, the world awakes one beautiful morning for a celebrity wedding. Beautiful Beulah, nay, elegant queen Beulah Marshall marries influential Mr. Right Handsome”.
“oh stop clowning Sarah lets go sit somewhere, maybe the cafeteria”. She changed the topic quickly. Walking down the cafeteria from her faculty brought back old memories. She felt like a student once again. she recalled when she’d rush to the cafeteria after one lecture, to have a quick meal and back in time before the next lecture starts. 
“so tell me sarah, why did you choose Gust of all schools?”
“babes it was the best I could do for myself. Admission is easy here, no stress of getting a transfer script, and with most of the lecturers here used to me. It’s worth the stress”
“enough reasons to want to be a student of Gust once again. so what has and has not changed in our school?”
Out of the blues, Beulah was eager to hear more about the school she once loathed with a passion. She wasn’t sure if it was really about the school or she just wanted to catch up on old time with Sarah. They chose a table near the window, when they sat down, Beulah took one long stare at the faculty of engineering, the open field in front of it had few students she believed must be students of the department of architecture, because they had drawing boards and marking pen and some analyzed the building with professional scrutiny while others sat recklessly on the field. They must have come out for their practical she mused. They ordered for snacks and juice.
“virtually everything has changed, some to positive and others haywire”. Sarah said. “can you imagine just four days ago”, she paused and looked around, then she continued on a low key “some group of hoodlums waylaid me just around the post graduate block, they took my purse and jewelries. Then I recalled when we were still undergraduates and some students that went for all night reading in campus would come back the next day, crying that they had lost their laptops and others, money to those non-academic students. Guess what babes”.
Beulah was not ready to talk, she just wanted to listen and be lost in Sarah’s world of campus, like one of the very interesting columns in the campus magazine.
“what” she hesitantly asked.
“Akin was one of them”
“wait, which Akin?”
“our course mate, Akintola Duroha”
Sarah added barely audible, almost in a whisper, smiling with one of her hands under her chin, looking at Beulah intently. Beulah’s eyes grew larger and her mouth agape with surprise.
“surprised?, well so was I when I saw him. you know, he used to be this very intelligent student back then. I felt pity for him, if I had more money, I’d have given to him. some circumstances must have led him to it. We are in Naija na, you know the number of jobless graduates parading our streets in search of jobs that have all been reserved for unborn children and relatives that are yet to enter the university. I was a witness until I met my fiancé who gave me a space reserved for his boss’s cousin”.
Just then a thought flew across Beulah’s mind. “did he recognize you?”
“who?”
“Akin”
“sure, why?”
Not good, Beulah soliloquized 
“what did you say”
“I mean it’s dangerous”
 “come on babes, stop being a chicken. It’s been over three days. I saw his riffle, it was real, he could have shot me if he felt insecure with me recognizing him”.
Beulah tried to agree with her but still felt uneasy down in her stomach. She’d cry if anything bad happened to Sarah, after all they were still friends.
“it’s just that it doesn’t feel right”.
“babes I’m alive and that is what matters. Table manners says ‘don’t talk while eating’ eat up swan head”. For a considerable number of minutes, they said nothing to the other. A loud noise threw the cafeteria in chaos. Beulah wasn’t surprised to find Sarah squatting just opposite her, right under the table. They were both laughing. It sounded like a gunshot but if could be any sound from anywhere, probably the tire of a car bursting. They came out and sat on the chair and chatted about one student that was shot by gun men just outside the cafeteria and some students said he was killed by a rival cult group. That day Beulah lost her hand bag and Sarah went to the hostel with just one of her shoes.
“I have to get my purse from the car, I will be back shortly”.
“I was going to ask, where is it parked? Because it’s sacrilegious to find likes of you in a commercial vehicle”.
“Sarah!”
“I’m telling the truth and you know it”
Beulah stood up and immediately everyone was searching for hiding places, she dove the floor with Sarah by her side. She wondered what it was this time because she didn’t hear any sound like the first time. Momentarily, a sharp pain cut through her stomach and she noticed streams of blood on the floor. She was drifting away, getting weak by the second, she held her stomach and realized the bullet had got to her before she could dart away, little wonder she didn’t hear the sound. Slowly she felt her breath deserting her. Sarah held her and she heard her name from a distance. She saw Sarah’s face like a shadow, many shadows and then when she could no longer hold on, she shut her eyes. Sarah wept profusely, screaming “Beulah, beautiful Beulah, please don’t die on me”. She heard a car screeching, raised her face and saw Akin in the driver’s seat. He came back for her and killed Beulah in her stead. Everyone in the cafeteria had gone except herself and Beulah’s lifeless body in a pool of her own blood. She wept on, pulling Beulah’s head to her chest, hoping and praying she’d wake up on her bed and discover it was a horrible nightmare “Beulah” again she screamed as if Beulah would hear her and respond, but she was wrong Beulah was dead and no amount of screaming would defile the potency of death.

I hate to be the person to deliver this message, usually it’s not my duty but I have to finish what I already started’’
She broke into tears and fell on her knees, before long, she was crying sardonically.
“Come on now, don’t cry all will soon be over”
She was telling herself.
The drama was getting funnier and more frightening. Obiku watched in amazement what other message was she talking about. She already sent him on a failed errand or rather incomplete. Was she bringing another impossible message to him. He watched her silently, waiting for her to conclude her drama and tell him reasons for abandoning him and turning up after so many months have passed to frighten him with her mood swings.
‘Obiku, make peace with all and prepare your house for the messenger is useless without the message’/
Okay, so she is the messenger and obviously she hasn’t come with any relevant message and that makes her appearance useless.
“I know, but all the same I’m glad you came”, Obiku said/
‘Your mission, your ties, your role has been cut off from’, she paused
‘Oh I wish mama never choose me for this’  
He was used to her beating about the bush, but where was she headed time. “chose you for what, strange one?
“obiku, mama needs to strategize, a new plan to revoke the curse, the music, the sound of macabre. A new message, a different messenger, an entirely new recipient has to be sent.the former has been retrieved in order to create a path for the later”. She looked him straight in the eyes “you have to go with your” obiku could hardly understand what she meant “your…..goodnight obiku. Your sun and your moon have merged. You have seen the last of all tonight, am sorry, your mattress calls for your body and mama long for your soul. Goodnight my boy”

The night air blew colder and the stars in the sky hid behind the thick dark clouds. The moon whispered goodnight and the toads from the wet grasses and stagnant waters outside his room sang coarse lullaby in their best tones. He prayed to wake up at dawn to discover this was one of those nights when his mum would knock for long hours on his door and eventually force herself in to drag him out of his bed and send the lady away from his dream. Those times when he’d miss her. This time he’d never miss her, in fact  he would pray for her never to return. 

The solemnity of place told him it was different from every other place told him it was different from every other places he’d been, even though he hadn’t yet been to a lot of places including the big city. But not many places will be as quiet as this. The road was so long and lonely, yet filled with so many people of all races and age. They had luggage, some filled and others empty. The road was broad, everyone had a lane to himself. Some walked backwards, and others sideward but they but they all went the same direction. He walked for long until his legs ached but still he had nothing to give him a clue of where he was. The only thing with him was a big book with chapters and blank pages and he wondered how he got it. The book had seventy chapters and he wondered what he was supposed to be doing with it.

“I know you”
“I don’t think so”
“yes I do, I’ve seen you before¸ countless times”
Beulah pondered in her heart over and over again, wondering where and when she’d come across this little boy. She found no reasonable result.
“can you recall where you saw me”
She hoped this would yield positive result
“in my house, in my room, in my dreams. You even came last night and told me that mama sent for me, you said another messenger had been chosen to deliver the message”. 
She was as confused as ever. First she was trying to come to terms with her environment and now this young child claiming to know her. Just then a thought popped into her head. This kid might help her out of her mystery by at least giving her an insight on where she was.
“where is this place”
“I have the same question stuck on my lips” obiku responded
She was so disappointed, she wasn’t certain if she was dreaming or not
“could we be dreaming?”
“I don’t think so” he didn’t hesitate to respond 
“why not” she asked, this time becoming impatient
“because you came last night, you said…….you said” he sobbed profusely 
“come here” she squatted and pulled him into her arms, she imagined the trauma he might be going through at his tender age. 
“now don’t cry boy, you can tell me everything”
She felt a connection to him as he rested his head gently on her shoulder. It wasn’t love, it was something deeper, from her soul. There must be something about this boy.
“what is your name” she was surprised she hadn’t ask since
“obiku”
That doesn’t sound familiar
“where do you come from”
“ibinu”
She stiffened her grip, her own village. He must have a connection with the mysteries surrounding her, her dreams. Little wonder he saw her in his dreams.
“wait a second” obiku who was fully relaxed in her arms leaped and looked her straight in the face.
“you said you have seen me countless times in your dreams?” it was more of a statement than a question. He nodded tentatively
“and what was I doing there?”
He wiped his eyes “you used to be my friend, you always told me about this lady in the big city; Beulah, Uloma’s friend” she was shocked to her bones so that she couldn’t utter a word
“you said her life was in danger, that she needed help but no one would assist me”
The lady of her dreams, Beulah mused, the same one that had always warned her against all she did. The one that bore all her resemblance, she had gone to solicit for help from the village, but she could have gone for someone older, why this little boy?
“and how did you find yourself here” she inquired
“you came last night and said I had seen the last and said I had seen the last of all, and then you told me goodnight, that mama longs for my soul”
That was when it dawned on Beulah that they were both dead. Then the picture of herself and Sarah at the cafeteria spread before her memory, she saw the bullet piercing her body and sniffing life out of her.
“we are dead” she said aloud
“no! am too young to die, I can’t be dead” Obiku screamed 
“so am I little one”
“but you are far older than I am”
“not too old to leave the earth, I had hardly started living” she wiped away tears that escaped out of her eyes “I am sorry I pulled you out of the world, if only I had been less vengeful you would still be living”
Obiku pulled away from her and opened his big book, on the first page, he saw some words scribbled on it, he look closer to notice was was written ‘introduction : the beginning of a legendary life, led by Obiku chima’. The words that followed were faint, he could hardly read them. This would have been seventy eventful years of his life, gone before it began.
“its not your fault Beulah” he called her Beulah, could she be the one? The same Beulah whose life was endangered? Then if she is Beulah, who is the other lady? They had striking resemblance and spoke like one another. 
“I was chosen, but by who”
A group of people rushed out of a vehicle that looked more like a luxurious ambulance, carrying luggage, some crying and others wearing straight faces. And there she was, the lady, Beulah’s replica, coming from among them. They had both accepted their fates and she came just at the right time.
“sorry am late, there was an accident and to help convey these people, let’s go”
“where are we going”. Beulah inquired with a boldness that marveled even her
“to meet mama”
“who is mama?
“she is our mother, the first lady who was ever affected by this curse”
“I see. And who are you”
Beulah was moved by the lady’s patience in answering her questions
 “I am a messenger, just like you”
“I am not a messenger”. Beulah retorted
“yes you’ll be, soon. I was once like you, unsure of my fate, just like you are now”. All Beulah could see was pity in her eyes, her spirit was broke
“the curse must be broken, the child is born who ll try her hands in breaking the curse, just like you did. And you’ll play the role I played in your life, maybe even more in assisting her, you will be her shadow”. Beulah wished no one else would suffer the same way she did, she felt hate in her heart. Why would an innocent child be born into such cruel fate? Its so unfair. right there she swore to do her best in breaking the curse.

“mama will tell you the rest”.
“and Obiku? Why was he dragged into this?” she asked
“he was equally dragged into earth from his sleeping planet by mama, and he has to be sent back. Mama made a promise that she’ll make him come back once his mission is accomplished and mama is a woman of her words”
“I don’t want to go back to sleep” obiku snarled
“tell that to mama”
The clouds suddenly clustered, rapid darkness covered everyone and everything around them. The darkness was so thick, Beulah could feel it like a dew. It was terribly dark, she could see no one else, not Obiku, not the lady.
“lady! Obiku” she got no response
“oh no!, I cant be left alone, not again, not ever.
“please come back, I don’t want to be alone”.
The darkness grew thicker and engulfed her, it became obvious that everyone had gone their separate ways. She needed to calm her nerves and think of what to do. Maybe sit for a while and let the darkness fade away. Find a way to see mama and start her mission. How sad, in the better part of her life she had been alone and now again she will be walking the same lonely path, a tougher one. There has to be a guide, a manual, a light, somewhere, that will guide her way. This must night, she resolved to wait till its morning. But will there be any morning in her life? Even when there seemed to be, darkness came flatteringly and stole it away.




CHAPTER FOURTEEN

“wakie wakie sleepy head”. Mrs marshal pulled open the curtains to the window, leading a bright but captivating light into the averagely furnished room. It merged favorably with the white sheets on the bed, creating an immaculate combo. The golden light from the morning sun painted a dramatic image of the room, it was so divine so that when Beulah opened her eyes and saw her mum standing by her bedside, starring keenly at her, she wept for joy. Everything was just so perfect, the love in her mum’s eyes, the artistic disposition of the room, her life so far, even her sister Ruby had been a sweet heart. Asking to remain in the present forever would be asking for the impossible, else she’d have done it right away. 
“mum, how long have you been standing there”
“long enough to watch my angel sleep with so much tranquility, looking so innocently beautiful”
“oh mum you flatter me”
Beulah pulled the duvet over her face and her mum went closer to pull it off.
“happy birthday sugar”
Beulah was shocked down to her marrows, she totally forgot about her birthday. However can she forget her eighteenth birthday, for this reason she had gone to bed earlier than normal, hoping to wake up before every other person so she would not be taken unawares. And she also needed to mull over her life, what she wants and where she’d like to be in the nearest future. She has finally become an adult citizen of Nigeria. Matured enough to make decisions on her own. Oh the dream, it was horrible.
“what time is mum?”
Mrs. Marshal looked down on her wrist watch and just then Beulah noticed she was fully and gorgeously dressed.
“are you going somewhere mum?”
Mrs. Marshal stared at her inquiringly before responding
“yes I am going to my lovely daughter’s birthday party who turned eighteen today. It’s almost ten o’clock. Get up and freshen up before you get late for your party”
“Is there a party? No one ever said anything about it” her mum was leaving the room already.
“but mum its unfair, I don’t have a new dress”
Still she said nothing, she left and came back with a shopping bag which contained a lovely torques blue gown, her favorite  color, and gold shoe to go with. Beulah smiled with fulfillment but she was still terrified from her dream. She’d share it with her mum when the day is over, she thought.
