Chapter One – Forecasts and Swords
Thousands of years ago in a world where Magic was commonplace, there was once a Kingdom. A kingdom where people lived happily, danced around, had wonderful breakfasts, and lived the hell out of life. However, this changed when Magic became more and more prominent. It became so prominent in fact, that breakfasts started to be interrupted by giant explosions and strange creatures. This aggravated both good and evil people, which caused a huge uproar throughout the kingdom. Within weeks, the number of Magicians dropped drastically, and the breakfasts were saved. Even until this day, Magic is no more than a word forgotten by time.
Now, a few hundred years later, breakfasts in the kingdom are no longer tainted by Magic, but are instead accompanied by swords and bureaucracy. Just a few miles away from the King’s castle town, exists a tiny village called Bathvil. At first glance there is not much to see. Left and right are a few houses, and of course one slightly larger house for the Elder to show there is a difference in power. Shops are considered a luxury in villages like these, which they cannot afford. So instead, the villagers happily go to the castle town for their breakfast groceries.
In one of the remarkably insignificant houses in Bathvil lives a hero who will conquer obstacles, vanquish the fearsome enemies of the land, defeat death itself, dominate dragons, and many more of those randomly generated hip words marketing people like to use to attract your attention. For those who are not swayed by these kinds of words, please skip the previous three lines and start reading the story below about a little boy who once read about Magicians, and dreams to become one himself.
Mom: Wake up Will!
Will: Mom! How many times do I have to tell you? "Will" is the most overused name for main characters, ever! Call me "Seth"!
Mom: All right dear. Breakfast is ready, so come on down OK?
Seth: All right, I will be there in a minute.
Usually a story skips the boring parts like getting dressed and combing hair, and thus, so will we and meet Seth and his mother at the dining table.
Mom: By the way, Prof- I mean, Elder Willow wanted to talk to you about something. Why don't you pay him a visit?
Seth: Oh boy! This will be good. Will it finally be my time to start my journey?
Mom: Perhaps. All I know is that I do not ever have to worry, because the kingdom is "Perfectly Safe" according to our King, Lacial.
Seth: Is that the same king who considers wagon-raiding bandits to be "Nothing more than a bump in the road"?
Mom: That's the one!
Seth: Then the world is probably not as safe as he says, right?
Mom: But Moms are always right, remember? And I believe in our King. So, everything is "Perfectly Safe".
Seth: But...

Mom shows a very, very angry look.

Mom: Moms are always right.
Seth: ... Yes Mom.
Mom's mood instantly changes to bright and cheery.

Mom: That's right hun. Send him my regards.
Seth: Will do! By the way mom, why is it that I never call you Lisa?
Lisa: I don't know, sweetheart, but it's nice to hear my real name for a change. The last ten years you’ve just called me Mom, which made me just like all the other moms in the kingdom.
A few moments later, Seth arrives at the largest house in the village. For some weird reason he has never visited this house before in his entire life. The same counts for the house of his childhood friend, Yuna. And what is with all the hundreds of people that always walk around in the village that don't live here? Seth starts to feel it is odd, but he had never thought much of it before. This is not the time to dwell on that! Seth has a doorbell to ring!
*Ding*

Voice inside: Gratz! I mean... It's open!
Once inside, Seth can see it is a lot larger on the inside than it looks on the outside. There are a few tables, a LOT of bookcases... but no bed? Seth shrugs.
Elder: Welcome to my noble home Seth.
Seth: Hi, Elder Willow. You own a very nice house. How come I have never seen this house from the inside before?
Elder: Well you know how it is. You may actually have been in here a lot in your vague childhood, but of course you kids never visit your elders unless you are forced to by your mothers. Except when elders like me are on our deathbed. Then it becomes quite crowded in here quite suddenly.
Seth: Right, of course.
Elder: Also there's that thing where you often forget boring parts of your life until someone makes you 'remember' it.
Seth: I am glad you do not do that then.
Elder: Let's get to business then, shall we?
The elder picks up a book from one of the shelves and opens it on one of the tables. It’s a picture-book showing a prophecy about something evil emerging. Dragons, yada, yada… Seth is the chosen one, probably, and bla, bla... Something about fulfilling a destiny, and a Legendary Crystal Sword somewhere in a cave.
Usually Seth is more interested in books, but he feels he has heard this kind of story before.
Elder: So we ask you, brave Seth, to go forth and dethrone the evil enemies that bring darkness and destruction.
Seth: Well... It is not as if I would want to stay in this boring village. And if I am not responsible for the people who may die whenever I enter a town or city. Then why not?
Elder: So you accept this quest?
Seth: I will see what I can do.
Elder: Awesome! Here, one of my aides has prepared this for you. Take a few potions, a leather helmet and a wooden swor-
Seth: No.
Elder: And here is also-... Wait, what?
Seth: No to the wooden sword. I would like to become a Magician.
An awkward silence emerges.
Elder: But... That's impossible!
Seth: You want me to be a hero, right?
Elder: Yes. I want you to become the hero everyone needs right now.
Seth: I have to travel around the world, right?
Elder: Mhm.
Seth: A journey where my choices define the path that I will walk?
Elder: Yes, but-
Seth: Mage. I choose to become a Mage.
Elder: But you aren't even capable of magic.
Seth: I do not care. I just have to train myself.
Elder: There isn't even Magic in this world…
Seth: So?
Elder: And the monsters you'll fight aren't scaled to squishy mage standards!
Seth: Semantics.
Elder: Then there is the matter of creature drops. There are no mana potions in this world! There are only warrior-focused loot in the chests, and you need stronger gear to survive! I have hidden The Crystal Sword of Epicness for you in the Cave of More or Less Return. Then there is tha-
Seth: Wait a minute. You mean you had a fabled sword that could kill anything easily all along, hid it in a cave, and instead you give me this wooden sword and expect me to like it?
Elder: Well-
Seth: Is that not counterproductive? Perhaps even stupid and sadistic? And am I just to assume that any hero that came through here liked, and accepted, this?
Elder: Hundreds of them did yeah. Many of them are still outside, figuring out how to walk. Ironically, they all seemed to have departed from your mom's house, too.
Seth: You know what? Screw you. I will be off. Give me that sword. Farewell!
For years Seth has been waiting to finally set off and leave this boring and tedious village. His mother never took him out for groceries at the Castle. Before this moment he was never allowed to even leave the village. Whenever he tried to leave on his own, he was pushed back by a mysterious force which his mother called a 'Hidden Wall, don't think too much about it'. It is this mysterious force that had made Seth interested in the ways of Magic. It was this motivation that made him sneak into the house of the Elder, steal some books, and force himself to understand what the books were telling him. His vocabulary increased incredibly fast, and it was this way he first learned about Magic: There aren't any known mage heroes! There is no magic in this world, and definitely forget those hidden walls that were previously mentioned. Also, there absolutely most definitely isn't an evil wizard plaguing the Kingdom.
Seth uses his wooden sword to smash a few pots in the process before he returns home. 'Were those pots magical as well?', he wonders. Seth figured out at a very early age that once he goes into a house and back outside again, the pots will reappear. 
Seth smashes the pots in anger and envy of their magic while he walks to a shed that is located behind his house. There he crafts his wooden sword angrily into a Wand of More or Lesserness. 'That should do the trick for now', he thinks to himself, and follows the path north towards his first adventure on the fields North of Bathvil.
Meanwhile, a few fields and forests away from Seth, lies the Castle of the greatest King ever; if you were to believe Seth's mother.
Servant: Your Highness. The reports of the far west are in.
King Lacial: Good. Report it please.
Servant: The report claims we're losing control over the western bridge. Goblins have taken hostages in our sewers. Mass murderers roam free in our kingdom, while raiders pillage and burn everything they see. Children are now used as shields because we ran out of iron and the princess is still missing.
King Lacial: Sure, but is there anything important happening in the kingdom?
Servant: Not really, no.
King Lacial: Good. Then we can move on to more pressing matters. How is the caravan coming along?
Servant: Well... It didn't make it... again.
King Lacial: WHAT? THIS IS OUTRAGEOUS! Who is responsible for this heinous crime!
Servant: Sir Tentodie, I believe. He was in charge of the last two caravans that went missing.
King Lacial: Off with his head! And his family as well! And make sure the back wall of the throne room is repainted. It starts to smell a little rotten.
Servant: So you want us to paint the wall with the blood of the knight and his family?
King Lacial: Is there any other way you could interpret what I just said?
Servant: No Sire, of course not.
The servant leaves the throne room while King Lacial lies down to take his afternoon nap. He wonders, in his last moments of clarity, if something less boring will happen soon. And more importantly: Would his donuts ever arrive?
We return to find Seth a few hundred meters from his home. He started his journey without us while we were side-tracking to the King. The first plains are relatively harmless with a couple of cute, fluffy mice and bunnies. Thousands of heroes are surrounding Seth and slaughtering everything in their path with the sword they have received from the Village Elder. Why a journey always starts with mindless slaughter of defenseless creatures remains a mystery to Seth. But for now, he chooses not to join the onslaught. He has bigger problems to cope with.
Seth: AAAARGHH! It hurts so much! Cursed splinters. I should have used sandpaper for that wand.
Seth quickly drinks a potion. It heals him back to full health.
Seth: Good, at least that helps.
The totally non-magical potion makes the splinters in Seth's fingers fire away like bullets. Killing a rabbit and a mouse in the process.
Seth: Heh, potions are funny. Poor mice and rabbits though.
Perhaps it's Seth's naivety, but he fails to see the tremendous slaughter that is happening all around him. Dozens of heroes die by the fierce mice, and the rabbits seem to critically hit an awful lot. But that is not all. Around the piles of bodies there are also goblins! Goblins are nasty, small, greenish creatures with daggers, and pointy ears and teeth! And one of them is heading for Seth right this moment!
Seth: My first true encounter! Perfect! Now I can put this wand to use. Ouch! What was that for?
It seems this goblin took initiative.
Seth: Ok, thanks for the info narrator...
Sure, no problem.
Seth: Since you are here, why do I see these weird button-like things in my head? Attack, use item, and a special button which is disabled? Weird.
Dunno. 
Seth: Very helpful…
The goblin stares at Seth with a hostile look. One of those looks that could have killed people if they were physical. But that's all there is to it. Minutes pass. The goblin doesn't move.
Seth: Do not tell me this is turn based…
The goblin becomes more and more agitated every minute Seth spends staring dumbly into thin air whilst he tries to figure out how to work his magic.
Seth: If only I knew how to press those buttons, things would go faster.
Several hours later.
Seth: Gee, whoever designed this control panel should be sacked! Screw this!
Seth savagely charges at the goblin and attempts to stab it stone dead.
Goblin: Ouch! Be careful human! You could poke my eye out! What's wrong with you anyway? Just standing there for hours! It drove me NUTS! If only you knew just how much time we goblins spend waiting around while you so called "adventurers" or "heroes" just stand there doing nothing? That's it! I'm outta here! I'll leave my squad. It's not like I need the money!
Seth: Wait... What? You speak English?
Goblin: Ugh, ignorant human. You have no idea how stupid you guys are, do you? All non-human creatures can speak ALL languages. But you humans are so thick that you just assume that we're the stupid ones.
Seth: Erm... Sorry?
Goblin: And another thing! Why are you humans so incredibly arrogant that you don't see that the whole world works fine without you? You guys are the enemies of the world and that's why we all get sent to kill you guys off! Which is pretty ironic considering you're the only species simpleminded enough to off itself anyway.
An awkward silence follows.
Seth: This sooo goes against my expectations.
Goblin: Good. Now since I've left the SGS, what to do now?
Seth: What is the SGS?
Goblin: Suicidal Goblin Squad. The general idea of the squad is that we run around killing the weakest humans, while we feed the upcoming human heroes experience points so that they think they make a difference in the world. They will then level up to face the big, bad, evil thing at the end of the story where they usually get killed. But that's not important right now.
Seth: And does that work?
Goblin: It keeps the human population low. And those that survive long enough and gain enough experience become the new heroes of that specific time. But they all turn out to be lazy good-for-nothings anyway; always drunk and bragging about some crystal sword they obtained from a perilous cave… And about how they defeated some evil general that was threatening the world or something. Or about how they dethroned some evil King. Stupid idiots don't realize that the next King is usually worse. And don't get me started about their sons.
Seth: My head hurts.
Goblin: Why didn't you bring a wooden sword with you? The last five-hundred and sixty-three adventurers I killed all had one.
Seth: I want to become a Mage.
Goblin: A mage? A ha haha HAHAHAHAHAHHHA. Seriously? Oh my Deity.
Seth: What is so funny?
Goblin: Well. You're the first and only human newbie here that's considering becoming something other than a warrior. Wait a minute... Maybe you are actually one worth investing my time in.
Seth: I still do not understand though. You have never been killed before, yet you are still level 1. And you decide to help me?
Goblin: We re-spawn.
Seth: Ah, but I thought only human heroes could do that?
Goblin: No, humans don't re-spawn.
Seth: So all these human corpses around here. They are permanently dead?
Goblin: The Laws of Nature are what they are. We got screwed over pretty bad by not receiving experience points and level ups though.
Seth: I would say.
Goblin: Yeah, well. You can't re-spawn.
Seth: Aw, bullocks.
Goblin: You know what? I'll join ya. I'm a healer and since you're an upcoming mage, you're gonna need a lot of that. Got any spells yet?
Seth: No. The Elder said there are none in this world.
Goblin: Typical human bull-crap to keep you on the linear path.
Seth: So you know where I could train then?
Goblin: I do.
Seth: Let us be off then!
Goblin: Wait... shouldn't we hear a 'joined-the-party' sound?
Seth: Do not count on it. I think you might be quite right about us humans being arrogant toward other species and all.
Goblin: Right'o, let's go!
Seth: What is your name by the way?
Goblin: Twig.
Seth: Right. And you call us humans simple.
Twig: You said something?
Seth: Not really, no.
Twig: Good, let's be off!
And so, our brave Seth is accompanied by a fearsome goblin to use as he will in his upcoming adventures! Let's just hope this unusual pairing won't have any unforeseen consequences for Seth like... Guards killing him off, being called a traitor, getting banned from the human community… Or perhaps creating diplomatic treaty issues between humans and non-humans which kept the humans alive for all those centuries, and his village being burned as a precaution just to set an example so that nothing like this could never happen again.


Chapter Two – Trees and Flames
A few hours later we find Seth and Twig walking through a deep, dense forest that is coincidentally located between the village and the big city where King Lacial's castle resides. Many kingdoms have lots of forests between their smaller villages. Some would say that is because the kings probably love nature a lot. However, a more accurate theory is probably that kings cannot be responsible for anything that happens inside dense forests, as well as the towns that lie beyond them. It also makes the world map look a lot less dull.

There isn't an awful lot to say about this forest. Though if you'd really want to, you could always say things like woody, mossy, and at times growy. But those are things never noticed by people who walk through the dense forest. Actually, to best describe a forest, one could use the travelers themselves rather than the Narrator. It saves me, the Narrator, a lot of time and it skips the introduction to the story by a few lines while doing so. Could I have spared you these last three lines then, you might wonder?
Yes. Yes, I could have.

Seth: It is dark here.
Twig: The darkness isn't what gets to me. It's all those mosquitos that keep flying around us.
(See? That's a lot more efficient, isn't it?)
Seth: How big is this forest anyway?
Twig: Before or after the big twist in the future that will probably change everything you know right now?
Seth: Before?
Twig: It's about a three hour walk from South to North, I think. But if we go look for all the four treasure boxes it'll take about five hours.
Seth: It is useful that you lived here and know exactly what is coming. Is there anything interesting in those boxes?
Twig: Not really. There are some potions, an antidote, and a shirt.
Seth: Who was the previous owner of that particular shirt?
Twig: Trust me, you don't want to know. Hey look over there!
Seth: What is it?

Because of the darkness Seth wasn't able to see that there was a clearing ahead.

Twig: There’s a clearing ahead.
(Why do I even bother?)
Seth: Oh cool, then we can have brunch.
What Seth doesn't know is that the clearing is occupied by a group of fifty or so hungry wolves that attack any and every human they see. The wolves will sneak up on the humans, then chase them a little for fun, and then swipe at their backs with their fierce claws. These strikes have sometimes hit the trees next to the fleeing humans, which in turn slowly made them disappear over the years; and this created the clearing. Thousands of heroes, and the occasional innocent child, who stumble into this clearing die almost instantaneously.
Why would the wolves not spare this child, you might ask? They do it just to show that no one cares about heroes.

Twig: That's the clearing.
Seth: ...
Twig: You're paralyzed, aren't you?
Seth: ...
Twig: Thought so. Is it the fifty asleep wolves?
Seth shakes his head.
Twig: Odd. Then perhaps what startled you is the wolf that is coming right at us?
Seth shakes his head again.
Twig: Oh... Then maybe it's that small sized mountain of human remains the wolves are sleeping on?
Seth nods.
Twig: Ah yes… I can kind of imagine how that can be disturbing. For a human at least.
Seth: ...
Twig: Traumatizing is perhaps the right word. Don't worry, the bones are all cleaned. You won't become ill from walking over them.
Seth: We must hide! That wolf is coming to kill us!
Twig: I guess we should.

The wolf seems to realize that our adventurers are about to back off and increases its pace. There is no more escaping now Seth! The wolf glares at Seth with its mean looking eyes. Then focus its gaze on Twig.

Wolf: 'Sup
Twig: 'Sup.
Wolf: All good?
Twig: 'Aight. You?
Wolf: Bitchin'
Twig: Word.
The wolf turns around and walks back to his bros.
Seth: That was-
Twig: Jimmy. He's mah bro.
Seth: Do you always talk like this?
Twig: Only to Jimmy. And only when there are no humans around of course.
Seth: And I am the exception that proves the rule?
Twig: You're alive, aren't you?
Seth: I thought wolves just did not like wet pants. I deliberately did that because I thought it would scare him off.
Twig: A cunning strategy. But no, that wouldn't have changed the outcome much.
Seth: So, who are my enemies then when I am with you? Other goblins? Humans?
Twig: Don't be racist. There are plenty of creatures in any sort and form that want to kill us both indiscriminately.
Seth: That is a relief.
Twig: Are you listening to what you're saying sometimes?
Seth: It is just-

We interrupt this whining and character building and philosophies for your reading pleasure. Also, because King Lacial demands it and well... in His words: "Cuz I'm king, duh."

Meanwhile at the Castle.
King Lacial is looking out of his window, watching a cozy little bonfire where small children are playing a common game. The King can hear music coming from the cozy bonfire and when the music stops, the children has to find a chair to sit on. There is always one chair less than the amount of children in a round, so one will always lose the game.

King Lacial: Look at all those children outside Servant.
Servant: Does it remind you of your time as a kid, King Lacial?
King Lacial: Not really. You know very well that the moment I could write, I wrote up a law that skipped my entire childhood and puberty.
Servant: Oh yes. I totally forgot about that.
King Lacial: Yeah. The mages told me it was the aftermath of that Law. Apparently, you guys forgot eleven years of your lives.
Servant: My diary told me I had a wife back then... She apparently went overseas when your law was enforced.
King Lacial: If I wanted to hear complaints, I'd be bloody sitting in my bloody royal chair listening to those bloody commoners right now Servant.
Servant: I'm sorry Sir.
King Lacial: Sir what?
Servant: Sir Conqueror of Time, Master of Death, Slayer of Cowards, Almost God Lacial.
King Lacial: That's better. You know I don't like to be called Sir.
Servant: That is indeed why you set out that punishment to stop people calling you that.
King Lacial: Yeah. I don't like it when people think I might be self-absorbed. You know my ego is only as big as when one considers the universe moderately sized you know.
Servant: I cannot possibly agree more King Lacial.
King Lacial: I'm glad you know your place so well Servant. Would you like a donut?
Servant: Just a moderately sized one please.
King Lacial: Narrator? Please carry on.

We have now gained permission to continue our story once more. So, we will go right back to where we left off with our adventurers.

Seth: - never-ending cycle of misery and depression, you know?
Twig: Sure, I get that. But that still wouldn't explain why pixies would attack beavers unprovoked though.
(I might have had the timing wrong a little. Ah well. It's Monday you know... Mistakes and Mondays usually start off the same way: sloppy and lazy! (and with an M).)
Seth: I guess you are right. That might have been all in my head.
Twig: What you said about the meaning of life was exactly what people need to hear though.
Seth: I know right? It would totally change their lives and introduce world peace immediately, but let us not talk about that again ever. It makes me blush.
Twig: Fine by me. Hey, we reached the edge o' the forest. I think you can see the city now.
Seth: Yeah, of course! I have not been there before but that enormous building to the east must be the King's Castle! And... Are children dancing into that bonfire?
Twig: It's a game the kids learned from their king. He doesn't like losers. Only winners may live.
Seth: Does that theory actually work?
Twig: Nah, sometimes all the children are losers. But at least a better ratio of winners-losers this way.
Seth: Still, it sounds evil…
Twig: You're ten! Not everything is black and white you know!
Seth: I suppose I have to take your word on that... for now. Wait until I turn twelve. I will ponder over this subject once more!
Twig: Just keep your eyes out for true enemies. We entered what we call Neutral territory.
Seth: Does that mean everyone will attack each other?
Twig: No, but it does mean that anyone can attack us without punishment. It's to make sure no one wants, or dares, to leave the country without risking death.
Seth: And this is still not considered evil by anyone?
Twig: Nope!
Seth: My head hurts.
Twig: Is it so hard to keep up with this logic?
Seth: No, it is that leather purse thing. Where did that come from?
Twig: We're under attack!

Just five feet away from them, a little old lady is glaring fiercely through her thick glasses, trying to size up her enemies.

Granny: You stole my apples!
Seth: Your what? Ouch! Stop hitting me!
Twig: Try to dodge those hits, I'll try to hit her knees with my knife.
Twig sprints towards the ol' Granny, but the knife of Twig appears to have no effect on the fleshy parts of the legs of the granny.
Twig: What trickery is this?
Seth: Are you not afraid she will hear you speak now?
Twig: Nah look at her ears. They are replaced by leaves.
Seth: I see…

It is now Seth's turn to attack. He pulls out his Wand of More or Lesserness, and charges at the granny to poke one of her eyes out. Unfortunately, this has no effect. The wand only scratches the granny's glasses a little. Seth takes a good look at his opponent. He can see the granny’s eyes has been replaced by newts, and the glasses by two tiny porcelain cups; giving a huge fortification bonus.

Twig: She's a monster! My knives couldn't pierce through her skin. She's so old her flesh might have aged more than dragon scales! And even those are almost impossible to scratch!
Seth: Do not panic! We still have four rounds left before I kick the bucket! Ouch!
Twig: We don't have a bucket around! Also, a bucket won't do much damage I'm afraid.
Seth: Shush, it is only a manner of speaking!
Granny: Where is my Grandson? Stewie? Where are you?
Twig throws his knife towards the Granny, which has no effect either. Then he equips his slingshot and picks up a few rocks in the hope that he will at least bruise the ol' Granny. In the meantime, Seth is thinking of a plan.
Twig: Even the rocks have no effect. The cobwebs on her clothing appears to stop and/or absorb all the projectiles from my slingshot!
Seth isn't speaking. He is rummaging through his little knapsack and doesn't seem to react to the Granny's handbag that is hitting his head every twenty or so seconds.
Twig: Seth, what are you doing?
Seth: Done! Watch me as I have prepared my strongest spell! Quiver in fear evil Granny for I am casting: Fireball!

A massive fireball comes out of the Seth's wooden Ex-Sword of More or Lesserness. Hitting the ol' Granny and inflicting... one single point of damage.

Seth: That was a little anticlimactic.
Twig: That's because of the Narrator... You set your stick on fire and threw it at her.
I was more fond of my own explanation. And so were you, right Seth?
Seth: Pretty much…
Twig: We're doomed.
But wait! Aren’t you guys forgetting something?
Seth: No? And since when are we aware that you are around?
Well... You aren't... Technically... Let's just say you will not be aware of it afterwards...
Twig: That's a relief. It's annoying.
I don't criticize your job as a punching bag for first level heroes, do I?
Twig: Touché…
Anyway... Seth's fiery... bally... stick of fire hit the granny's shirt, and thereby also the cobwebs which are immune to physical attacks.
Twig: So?
Cobwebs are extremely flammable!
Twig: That's awesome!
Indeed it is, Little Twiglet.
Twig: Hey!
I said before that you'd soon forget about me and anything I say.
Twig: Grr.
Granny: Can somebody open a window? It is getting rather hot in here.

The granny screams, PG9-style, out in pain. Which is just like PG18, but without all the blood and rotten flesh splattering about. And over the course of about fifteen minutes, the granny slowly burns to ashes. Victory for Seth and Twig who coincidentally also instantly forgot about me!

Seth: Wow, we did it! We killed our first true opponent!
Twig: Yeah! Hurray!

Unfortunately for Seth and Twig, the murder of a seemingly innocent grandmother does not go unnoticed. A few men, who live close to the castle, noticed Seth and Twig's display of singular genocide!

Man1: Did that little kid just beat up a defenseless little elderly woman?
Man2: He totally did! And that elderly woman was my grandmother!
Man1: No way! She was my grandmother too! Does that make us brothers?
Man2: I suppose.
Man1: Let's celebrate in the tavern that we're family then!
Man2: Sounds like a plan, let's go and totally forget about this kid!

Twig: Heh... You were totally ignored.
Seth: Yeah... Though I get a feeling this event will not be too heavy on my conscience and haunt me in my dreams... That granny would though.
Twig: But now we have a problem. As we have to go through this city…
Seth: Is that so hard?
Twig: No... But I'm a goblin, and humans are racists.
Seth: I have an idea for that though...
Twig: Oh? What are you doing? No, What? Noo!

And with this we end this exciting second chapter of Spellbent.

For those who are interested in statistics:
Seth has gained 6 experience points from his first kill: a Granny.
Usually when heroes do their best by repeatedly slaying some rabbits and mice, they would have gained a few hundred experience points and leveled up like once or twice so…
Current Seth Status: Screwed.

Seth: Hey!
Oh sorry!

Current Seth Rating: Plenty of room for improvement.

Seth: That's better.

And what did happen to that poor Twig? You'll find out in the next chapter!


Chapter Three – Flies and Poetry
Once Seth and Twig have reached the border of the city, they spot a small cottage with a man relaxing on his chair outside playing some casual tunes on a banjo. Every now and then he waves around his head as if something bothers him. Not before long, he spots Seth and Twig.

Man: Hey little boy, come here please!
Seth: Sure. That is not creepy at all. What can I help you with?
Man: I got a bit of a fly problem here... It's driving me nuts.
Seth: I can see that... The flies on your chin are actually piling up on each other…
Man: Yeah... Maybe I shouldn't use honey as shaving cream in the morning.
Seth: Right…
Man: Moving on... I need you to swat 15 flies. Consider that a little quest for you. Is that all right? I will accompany you with a little song while you're at it.
Seth: That won't really be necessary, I think... Can I have that guitar please?
Man: Sure, little one. What do you think of i-OOUCH, my chin. Why did you have to hit my chin?
Seth: There you go, fifteen flies. The other twenty are a bonus for you.
Man: You broke my jaw!
Twig: Nah he fixed it.
Man: But it's coming loose every time I say something!
Twig: ...
Man: ...
Seth: ...
Man: Itdoesfeel better though. Thanksalotguys Icantalkalotfasternow itwasalmostlikemychinandjaw *deep sigh* wereliketotallyfrozenohmygod *deep sigh* I’msohappyIcantalkasfastasIthinknowitsalmostlikemybrainhasitsownbrainyouknowherehavetengoldcoinsasathanksandhopefullyIseeyouaroundtorepaythefavornononodon’tthinkI’llhityourchinbackI’mnotthatcruelbuttherewasthisonetimewhereblablablablablablabla--
Seth: Did you understand any of that, Twig?
Twig: Nah... Let's just go…

Meanwhile at the Castle.
Servant: King Lacial! I have terrible news!
King Lacial: It must be very serious if you dare to interrupt my sponge bath.
Servant: Oh yes, my king. One of your old spokesmen got his jaw fixed and can't stop talking.
King Lacial: God help us... Send twenty of our best men to correct that mistake! Imagine him slipping up… Remember last time that happened?
Servant: He claimed you had a funny hat in your closet as I recall.
King Lacial: And what did I do when that happened?
Servant: You burned all of your hats, all of your clothing warehouses, all cotton farms, and all of the clothing and housing of all the families that knew your Spokesman.
King Lacial: Imagine a rumor being actually true this time.
Servant: I'd never dare, my Liege.

And with that the servant leaves the room, hoping the king never figures out that he told his wife about the king's extra toe. Now let's go back to Seth!

After a strange encounter with a strangely bearded man, Seth finally reaches the border of the city called... Well he does not have a clue. Little did they know King Lacial simply assumed his city was so awesome and widely known throughout the world, that he just skipped the part where he put signs all over the country telling everyone the city's name. Upon realizing how much gold it would save by not putting up signs, the King felt so generous that he didn't add an extra percentage of tax to pay for the feast he prepared for his wit. A few lambs had to be sacrificed though for the “Greater Awesomeness that is Me. So, it's all Good" as King Lacial had claimed.

Seth was walking around aimlessly through the unknown city's streets. Almost as aimless as all the villagers. Even the hobos appear to have more meaning in their aimless walk of infinity than the actual villagers. If they stay up until late at night, they will even discover that the villagers owning a house never actually get back inside to enjoy being homeful...

Seth: Look around Twig. All these villagers walking around, being busy. This feels like a true flourishing Capital of this continent. Imagine the stories they could tell us. You know what? I'll ask around!

And so, he does.

Seth: Hi Sir, how-
Man: My dog ran away yesterday.
Seth: Aww, that is quite sad... Where do you thi-
Man: My dog ran away yesterday.
Seth: Are you saying this every da-
Man: My dog ran away yesterday.
Seth: ...
Man: ...
Seth: ...
Man: ...
Seth: I got to g-
Man: My dog ran away yesterday.

Seth quickly backs away from the strange man. But he guesses the man will not get angry at him at all.

Seth: Okay so this was just a fluke, right? I stumbled upon the village idiot or something. No God in their right mind would create a world where people would say the same lines over and over again. That's plain ridiculous.

Seth, being as much stubborn as optimistic as a small child should be, spots a woman across the street who is looking over the crops in her back yard. Probably awaiting them to grow into watermelons, sweetcorn, and other delicious food Seth secretly long for.

Seth: Hello Miss. That garden looks fruitful!
Woman: If only my crops grew faster so I could feed my children…
Seth: ... Can you repeat that please?
Woman: If only my crops grew faster so I could feed my children…
Seth: Thanks. And now I assume you are going to say it again?
Woman: What? No! You just met the village idiot, didn't you?
Seth: This is so not where I thought this was going... What a relief!
Woman: That blabber won't feed my kids you know. 'Tell ya what. I'll give ya a wooden sword extra sharp, if ya catch me five of them rabbits.
Seth: No thank you.
Woman: ... You're not a Chosen Hero?
Seth: I guess I could become one in the future perhaps.
Woman: And you don't want this job?
Seth: No.
Woman: Why? All heroes have eagerly offered me five rabbits for a wooden sword (extra sharp and sandpapered).
Seth: I am a Mage. Mages do not need swords.
Woman: ... But there is no Magic around to begin with?
Seth: We will see about that!
Woman: Kay... Nice hat by the way.
Seth: Thanks.

And so, Seth continues his path to find requests that actually will be useful to him.

Meanwhile at the Castle.
Servant: My king! I have two issues for you today. The latest report on the Kingdoms' state and a poem!
King Lacial: Get on with it!

Servant:
There's a farmer on the south side
Who loved a coat out of deer hide
The deer belonged to Pete
Who thought killing's not neat
So, he decided to drown him in high tide.

A few months ago, the goblins appeared
and took over the sewers was a rumor we hear'ed
But the goblins decided
No longer to hide it
And killed countless guards, not thinking it's weird.
The hunger is on the rise again
Which wouldn't have been too terrible when
We hadn't had famine in fall
Killing the sickest of all
Next ten or so wars we'll have plenty of middle-aged men.

The Heroes are questing as usual
and yet our enemies remain to stand tall
Our borders are hell
Nothing more I can tell
But in time I assume that this country will fall.

King Lacial: ...That was very touching. Now can I hear the report of our country please?
Servant: That was the report sir.
King Lacial: ...

What the actual poem is about, we will probably never get to hear from the King. Partially because he claims the terrible two-liner offended him, and he realized that he is surrounded by illiterate delinquents; (Or simply idiots, in their language). Mainly because the writer of this story lacks the skill to write good poems in English.
 Seriously it's just too much to ask.

Meanwhile back at Seth and Twig.
Seth: Hey look! We found the weapons shop!
Twig: ...
Seth: Let us go inside and see if they sell wands!

And so, he does! And as soon as he peeks through the door, he sees a big room full of weapons. Short weapons. Long weapons. Weapons with sharp edges. Weapons with dull edges. You get the picture now, right? Wrong! To your possible astonishment and most certainly Seth's disappointment, there is nothing but swords on the walls and one single fly.

Seth: I am so pissed right now…
Mysteriously familiar voice: Will? Is that you? Nice hat by the way!

Who is this mysterious voice that came out of the blue? Actually, it came out of the back of the weapons shop! Why is Seth still disappointed by not finding anything but swords, even after his encounter with the Elder? And what's with this fly? We might never find out.

But the most important thing of all:
 Why, why oh, why... Do people comment Seth on his hat?
You'll probably guess right beforehand and find it out in the next chapter, so twice the fun!

Seth's Awesome Statistics; (Heh... SAW for short. Let's hope this won't become a little... game).
Seth: This narrator guy still creeps me out
Twig: I'd say…
Seth: Plus… It would be SAS, not SAW…
Twig: Don't make it worse than it is.
That was very sassy of you Seth.
Seth: Aw, bullocks.

Current completed quests: 0
Current Exp: Nothing changed since chapter 2!*
Current Seth Status: Let's just save the snarly comments for another time!
Seth: Thank you.

*So yeah... 6 exp.


Chapter Four – Swords and Tubwater
Sometimes it's better not to know the difference between reality versus a fantasy medieval world. For instance: Would you like to hear about how the big cities didn't have decent sewers?

Of course you don't. It simply doesn't belong in a fantasy world! So, for your reading pleasure I won't cover the cities in dung and the streets in filth, but instead ask you to picture a few thousand janitors sweeping the city perfectly clean before Twig and Seth actually enter the place.

Also, King Lacial has named the areas occupied by goblins 'sewers' because he also knows about the joke. Whatever the goblins actually occupy remains a secret for now and may or may not be revealed later on.

Seth: You know, those swords looked a lot dirtier the last chapter.
Mysterious Girl: Funny how that happens. Anyway, how have you been Seth? Nice hat by the way!
Seth: Thank you, Yuna.
Dun dun dunnnn!
Yuna: What was that sound?
Seth: Not a clue…

Yes. The Mysterious Girl is Yuna! Seth's childhood friend from Bathvil. I could bother you with the long side story of how the two met. It's very cute actually and it involves a forest, a waterfall, a log to sit on, and for some weird reason a lot of elegantly dancing squirrels and birds. No beavers though, they were too occupied with their everlasting feud against pixies. But trust me, it was cute and they promised their love to each other on that very special day.

It was also the last day they spoke to each other and Yuna was forcibly removed from her home to work on paying for her drinking problem. Indeed, drinking too much lemonade takes its toll. And everyone has to eventually face their flaws.

Yuna: So, yeah... How have you been Seth? Do you still want to become a hero?
Seth: Of course! Saving a world that needs saving is what I always wanted to do right?
Yuna: So, tell me. What vicious beasts have you slain on your way here? I bet you slayed hundreds of wolves and goblins. You must have dulled out your wooden sword by now, right? You see I have this awesome crystal swo-
Seth: -Sorry to break your enthusiasm Yuna. I am not the guy you dated nine days ago. I have changed. I am a Mage now.
Yuna: What's a mage?
Seth: A Mage is... err…
Yuna: Tricky if there isn't a book for you to read about it, isn’t it?
Seth: Yes… Well… I want to use spells! And I thought that was called being a Magician, or Mage. I made a wand and everything!
Yuna: What's a 'Wand'?
Seth: You know... You point it at something, and you focus really hard and then... Stuff comes out.
Twig whispering: Too much info Seth.
Seth: What? No! You know like fireballs and such!
Yuna: Oh... So not swords then?
Seth: No swords are involved.
Yuna: Why did you walk into this Swordery then?
Seth: This is not a weapons shop?
Yuna: Yes it is, but it is also a Swordery. I sell swords. Currently I've sold hundreds of swords to heroes.
Seth: Sounds like a nice legi-
Yuna: And then I send out my workers to retrieve the iron and wooden swords from their dead bodies to sell again!

Yuna's eyes start to shine brightly.

Seth: …
Yuna: Did your hat just flinch?
Seth: It does that sometimes…
Yuna: Why?
Seth: Well… You know that goblins resp-ouch!
Twig whispering: Don't tell humans!
Seth: You know goblins disappear into nothingness when they die right?
Yuna: Of course. That's completely normal.
Seth: Well. So, this guy has to stay alive to be my Goblin Hat.
Yuna: I see. It's pretty rare then right?
Seth: Totally. I hope. It must be. Right?
Yuna: And you're sure he isn't harmful?
Seth: Oh yes! It is totally sedated by… You know... Tranquilizers and stuff.
Yuna: Your hat just sneezed.
Seth: Bad timing, though purely coincidental and unrelated with that sedated thing.
Yuna: You just made that whole stuff up didn't you?
Seth: Pretty much. So, could you get a wand for me?
Yuna: Well, if you can draw me the shape you'd like for a wand, I could try it.
Seth: I can try…

Meanwhile at the Castle.
King Lacial gazes out of the windows across his Kingdom, which reaches as far as the eye can see! To Bathvil in the South, and the forest that separates it from the City of… What? that lies beneath the Castle. The lake in the West, which is as far as the heroes can go before they reach the invisible wall that situates between the lake and what lies beyond. The docks to the salty sea in the North.

King Lacial: Look outside these castle windows Servant. Do you see the beauty of our Kingdom?
Servant: Yes Sir. The landscape is beautiful. Your royal landscapers are pretty awesome.
King Lacial: That too, but look within the city walls. Everyone is so alive and happy.
Servant: I don't think the anger of that woman over there towards those robbers and the crying of those kids because their house got burned down are a happy sight my King.
King Lacial: You're such a pessimist sometimes Servant.
Servant: How do you see it then my Liege?
King Lacial: Do you see the grin on that thief's face? And now those three guardsmen are happily beating the thief into a pulp and returning half the amount of the belongings so the woman will be motivated to work again for more gold? Full job satisfaction right there. My system makes everyone happy.
Servant: Surely you think those kids have a rough time out there, don't they? They're honestly suffering from those flames… And did you know their house burned down as well?
King Lacial: I'm not a cruel man Servant. Look at the bigger picture here. The kids will find new friends at the orphanage. And the volunteers will be happy they can help these unfortunate children. Later on the carpenters will have space to build new dwellings, which will have to be taken care of by the janito-why is your nose bleeding?
Servant: I suffer from sheer stupidity my Liege.
King Lacial: Are you that stupid Servant?
Servant: Aaaaargh..…

Meanwhile back at the Swordery.
Seth: So, that is how a wand would look like.
Yuna: Does size matter?
Seth: You are the expert. You tell me.
Yuna: And you're telling me that this weapon is -not- meant to poke things with?
Seth: Exactly. It will only be used to channel my inner power.
Yuna: Umm... Come back in a couple of days okay? I'll see what I can do.
Seth: No problem. Can I also get fifteen wooden swords and a saw?
Yuna: Did you really have to draw those two explosions with it though?
Seth: Well... No... Not really.
Yuna: Here are the swords. Free of charge of course. I have a shed built of wooden swords behind this shop.
Seth: Wonderful. Thank you Yuna.
Yuna: Why don't you try to take on some requests from the people in the city?
Seth: No. The people only offered bad rewards and useless swords…
Yuna: Sorry, that's my fault. I'm getting way too many swords so I'm giving them away to the townsfolk to get their dirty jobs done.
Seth: Sweet system. Do not let any of the heroes hear about your system though.
Yuna: Of course not haha. Could you imagine the look on their faces? So, what are you going to do now?
Seth: I guess I am going to visit the King. Maybe he has some special requests that can help me find magic spells, or at least make me stronger.
Yuna: Good idea! Maybe he knows something... Last week he told us about a 'non spoiling foreshadowing evil mage' that may or may not burn down the kingdom if his either fictional or non-fictional demands are met. He did not tell anyone what a 'mage' was though. I'm still puzzled. Even after you described it to me.
Seth: How very convenient.
Yuna: Isn't it always?
Seth: God, I hope not. Well, bye for now Yuna. I will go visit the King now.
Yuna: Okey, bye my lover.
Seth: I am not the same person I was nine days ago. Please. I thought we had a clean breakup!
Yuna: So sorry. It's just hard to get over you after all these days. Please return safely.
Seth: Only always. By the way… About your question earlier. One grandmother, that is all.
Yuna: ... Whoa?
Seth: Bye!

Quickly, Seth leaves the Swordery. Noticing that not only the swords inside the shop, but also the whole town is instantly cleaned. Every time something like this occurred in the past, hundreds of citizens around the city would grip their chest as they suffer a heart attack from the shock. This time was no exception. Even at this very moment, almost a hundred people are silently being buried due to this sudden change. But ah well. It's what you readers want right? So, it's only a little trouble for us to make you readers feel a bit happier.

After about half an hour of walking, Seth reaches the castle. He's received with a warm welcome by the servant at the entrance.

Servant: Welcome, noble traveler.
Seth: Hi! I am Seth from the village of Bathvil.
Servant: You seek an audience with the King, I assume?
Seth: If possible, sure!
Servant: That won't be an issue, However…
Seth: What?
Servant: Just a little bit of advice... The king is a little grumpy today. So please, don't say anything stupid.
Seth: Stupid notions make my nose bleed. And I am not the one with a bloody nose, right? So, you can trust I am quite capable of not being stupid. Did you say something stupid that made the King send you to the entrance?
Servant: ... There goes my nose again. Follow me, Seth.

Meanwhile in the throne room of the Castle.
King Lacial: Thank you for killing fifteen goblins, mighty hero. Have a wooden sword and buckler as a thanks for your tremendous effort.
Hero: Gee... I hoped it was a little more than that.

King Lacial's brow twitches.

Hero: Surely, it's the same reward as almost everyone in town. My last wooden sword hasn't even degraded yet.
King Lacial: …
Hero: I mean... Item rewards are so overrated, right? Can't I get like a gold reward or something?
King Lacial: Sure, fine hero. You get exactly what you ask for.
Hero: Oh goody! I knew the persuasion ranks I bought from a Mysterious Shady Man were worth the trouble!
King Lacial: Five hundred gold coins!
Hero: Ohmygod.
King Lacial: For the first person who brings me this hero's head.
Hero: …
Servant: Isn't that a little overkill for just a kid King?
King Lacial: You are right, Servant. That, perhaps, sounded too good to be true. How about two gold coins for this hero's head!
Guard1: Sweet. Dibs!
Guard2: Hey we're always standing here together with two halberds. Let's split the reward between us.
Guard1: Fine... That's still two year's salary for one swing.

A few gory seconds later, after which the gory remains were efficiently poured into buckets.

King Lacial: See Servant? That's how painters can keep their job.
Servant: My Liege. I bring you Seth from Bathvil. He was inquiring about tasks you might have for him.
King Lacial: Will he request something different than swords?
Servant: Uhh… He might, yes?
King Lacial: Why wouldn't he be interested in swords?
Servant: He claims he's a mage my Liege.
King Lacial: ... That's perfect! Young man. I have three Quests for you.

The images of what the Quests might entail, flies through Seth’s mind. However, King Lacial wants to make it very clear that this is NOT Magic.

King Lacial: First, there is a problem with our 'Sewers'. Goblins have taken over the place and I prefer to get rid of them. I don't assume you can kill all fifteen thousand goblins, so I request you kill only fifteen. That way you don't get the feeling this task is a grind or anything.
Seth: Kill fifteen goblins as my first quest. Splendid!
King Lacial: Did your Goblin Hat just flinch?
Seth: No, it is just your imagination of my hat in which you think that.
King Lacial: I see no reason not to believe you. The second quest is defeating the Evil Wizard in the Evil Tower that may or may not be Evil. The last thousand heroes didn't succeed in killing him, but it keeps him busy. Distracting him will save many lives. So if you want to attempt that and accidentally succeed, we won't sue you for murder.
Seth: That is a relief.
Twig whispering: Why do I get the feeling he would say the same about his own loyal subjects?
Servant: Sshh.
King Lacial: The third quest is a very tricky one. But since you're a mage, you may consider it.
Seth: That sounds promising , bring it on!
King Lacial: The princess is kidnapped by a dragon. She's locked up somewhere in a tower. Could you bring her back to me?
Seth: Is that not more of a warrior's job?
Servant: Yes... Usually that is the case. However, the King has passed a law to keep towers away from dragons.
Seth: Do you perhaps mean repel dragons from towers?
Servant: No... I don't.
King Lacial: Long story short. A flock of dragons abused this law and dived towards the tower, which by law has to stay away from the dragons. They ended up flying away with it.
Seth: ... I am not sure if my emotional response would be appropriate at this time.
Servant: Just pretend your nose bleeds. That helps.
Seth: It seems I am way beyond pretending. Could you hand me a towel?
Servant: I like your style. Let me join you.
King Lacial: I can reward you with something a mage will always need. Mana potions! Would you be interested in that?
Seth: King Lacial... Are you telling me Mana potions exist in this world? I expected to find a few at the potion shop I came by earlier. But sadly, I was disappointed. I had almost given up hope!
King Lacial: They do exist. But err... Well, since there is no magic in this world I…
Seth: I will take it! Whatever happened to it!
Servant: He uses the Mana potions to bathe in.
Seth: Eww!
King Lacial: So, do you accept these quests to earn your reward: a bucket full of my filthy, filthy tub water?
Seth: I accept. Everything is better than a sword.
King Lacial: You do know you have to drink it, right?
Seth: Please, do not remind me.
King Lacial: Well then, be off! And best of luck to you!
Servant: What I'd give for a bath in the King's royal hot tub…
King Lacial: With or without me? Oh, there goes your nose again. Put a cork in it, will you?

And so, Seth leaves the castle. Thereby surviving his first near death experience, as he could have died from major blood loss. Fortunately, the King allowed it because the Janitors were still mopping the floors of the castle unseen. After three chapters, finally something to write home about: Seth got his first quest(s)!

Will Seth ever defeat the Evil Wizard in the Evil Tower that may or may not be Evil? Will Seth ever find out what the dragons are planning to do with the princess in the tower?
Will the Narrator tell you the dragons wicked plan now?
I say no!

And why oh, why is the writer of this story getting away with all the strange reasons for Seth's actions? Seriously, it doesn't make any sense that a ten-year-old boy uses the word tranquilizer and gets away with it! But who am I to judge? Maybe you, dear reader, have always been a wizkid who uses these kinds of words all the time? If so, good for you!


Chapter Five – Death and Taxes
With a determined face and a goblin on his head, we find Seth walking once again on the main road in the City of... What? He and Twig enjoy a scenery of pillaging bandits, guards just hitting everything and everyone that even remotely looks like they are complicit to a crime in progress, and children dancing around the bonfires having the time of their lives.

Fortunately for Seth, the city has one single main road. How that would look on a world map, or even a town map, is up until this day still a mystery. For you see, the main road covers about 95% of all the roads in the city. Yet it doesn't show even the tiniest bend at all. Architects from all around the world will often flock to the city in an attempt to comprehend the impossible road, but most of those architects leave the city in complete and utter madness. And thus, become the next generation of village idiots all around the world. The cycle of life is hard at times.

Seth: I still think this is a weird city.
Twig whispering: Isn't this normal human behavior then?
Seth: You think it is normal for us humans to throw poo all over the streets, hit each other with chickens for the fun of it, and just dance around the town square naked?
Twig: Pretty much.
Seth: No, not really. That chicken thing is new for instance.
Twig: There is something that does strike me as odd though. You're ten, right?
Seth: Indeed I am.
Twig: Why do you talk like a grown up?
Seth: …
At moments like these it's always useful to have a narrator at your side Seth.
Seth: ...Thank you?
You are indeed welcome! You see, children with matured wits are simply adorable. It doesn't give you a personality, but it grants the opportunity to sway over any sort of negative feelings towards you.
Seth: Hold on a minute. That sounds way too convenient to be true.
It does?
Seth: Well, may we assume that you, as a narrator, perhaps have not really thought about the personalities of your characters in the first place? All you really do is describe what you observe. Does that not mean there is another force at work that gives both you and us certain personality traits?
Errr… Woops?
Seth: Therefore, I conclude that there must be a force above you, the narrator, that by some weird coincidence thought up a witty small boy and threw him into a world for its amusement. It then takes away his hopes and dreams, or at least makes them unreachable, to see what happens!
Writer: Woops.
Wait... I thought I was the all-knowing writer?
Writer: No, you're the narrator. Don't you worry though , you'll forget it soon enough.
... Thank you?
Twig: You've really done it now Seth…
Writer: No harm done. After this sentence you forget everything that has happened.
Seth: What did you say Twig?
Twig: Memory Gap. I think we just both spaced off for a while.
Seth: We are walking here still. Though, I get this strange feeling that we are being watched on this road.
Twig: By whom?
Seth: Everyone…

Indeed they were. Many townsfolk were staring at Seth's funny hat and started to question the liveliness of hats in general before reaching the conclusion that generally speaking: hats do not talk.

Seth: You forgot to whisper, did you not?
Twig: Run Seth! Run for the hills!

Meanwhile at the Castle.
Servant: I present to you the taxes of this year Sir.
King Lacial: How are the tax collectors faring?
Servant: Pretty good Sir. Only fifteen casualties among the hundreds.
King Lacial: That's a new record isn't it?
Servant: Yeah, the spice spray worked out in our favor.
King Lacial: Any other ideas to ward off people from the tax collectors yet?
Servant: Not really Sir.
King Lacial: Come on. I'd love to be entertained by you Servant. Don't you have a slightly sadistic side?
Servant: You mean like you?
King Lacial: I'm not sadistic. I'm just slightly intolerant of the invisible laws of socially acceptable human behavior.
Servant: Wow... That actually sounded smart.
King Lacial: So, Servant. From the top of your head?
Servant: Like... replacing the spice spray with spider venom?
King Lacial: Good, good.
Servant: Set the attacking villagers on fire and use them as shields against other villagers? Cursing them so that they are obliterated when they have coins hidden in their house? Finishing off the offspring one by one until the last penny has been shown?
King Lacial: Err… You know there is no mag-
Servant: Skinning them and make them sell their leathery skins for gold? Donate organs they may or may not need? Letting them rot on a-
King Lacial: Enough Servant! You know my stomach becomes upset when it’s being confronted with even a little too much cruelty. Also, summon my doctors immediately!
Servant: Of course my Liege.

Five minutes later
Servant: Your doctors have arrived Sir.
King Lacial: Good. Guards! Arrest these men. They haven't paid their taxes.
Servant: Does that mean you aren't sick Sir?
King Lacial: Not even a little bit. Why do you ask?
Servant: ... Never mind.
King Lacial: And do to them the things that the Servant requested.
Servant: They will suffer... Because of me?
King Lacial: Yeah, they deserved some lesser gradation of torture than the usual. They were excellent at their jobs.
Servant: …
King Lacial: So please stop puking and finally tell me what is our annual income this month?

And with this we conclude another day for you and me in Kingdom's paradise. 
After a lot of searching throughout the city by following the main road straight on, we find Seth and Twig being chased by a whole squad of guards. One looking crueler than the other.

Twig: Why is it always us?
Seth: It is like everyone is out to get us.
Twig: Watch out for that market stall to your right!
Seth: Why are you still on my head?
Twig: …
Seth: ???
Twig: Because it's fun?
Seth: …
Twig: Riding a human, it's awesome. Your hair is perfect as well, see like two levers.
Seth: Ouch!
Twig: And a honk! Awesome. Right into the alleyway!
Seth: Ouch! Why?
Twig: Sorry, I was just testing. Oh dear, a dead end. What now?

Seth and Twig are indeed trapped, and the guards are surrounding them as I speak. Wonders why I keep talking though. It would only make our heroes more and more surrounded than they're already are.
Twig: Yelp.
Seth: I got an idea.

Even as the guards come closer, Seth takes the time to chant words impossible for anyone to comprehend. Odd gestures are waved, and it seems that Seth goes into a deep focus. Will this be the first actual spell Seth comes up with? Seth takes a very deep breath. Scans his surroundings and…
Seth: Oh my god! Look at that food stall. Those discounts are criminal!

All the guardsmen look simultaneously bewildered towards the market stall.

Guard 1: Wow, fifty percent off Week Old Bread? That's outrageous!
Guard 2: And look at those tomatoes. Eighty percent off while more than half isn't currently eaten by rats!
Guard 3: Leave this kid. We've got greater fish to fry! And I don't mean that fish that's currently eating that rat! With also a ten percent discount, wow. Those bargains are criminal.
Shopkeeper: But-
Guardsman 4, 5, 6, 7 and 18: Let's get him!

An old-fashioned combat dust cloud emerges even before the battle starts, while Seth and Twig quickly tiptoe away from the ruckus.

Twig: Hey, this wasn't a dead end after all, it was just an optical illusion they painted on the wall to stop the people they pursue.
Seth: Where did they get the idea from?
Twig: I wouldn't know, but they're more thief friendly than those pointy spike traps they had last year.
Seth: My feet hurt just by thinking about it.
Twig: Also, time for Goblin Hat mode!
Seth: Aww…
Twig: Don't complain! The Goblin 'Sewers' King Lacial was talking about are just around the corner.
Seth: What corner?
Twig: Now my head hurts.

And so, Seth and Twig almost but not quite, reached the Goblin 'Sewers'. Will they ever be able to fix the conflict between the goblins and the King? Will Twig ever let go of Seth's head ever again?
Seth: Hey! I surely hope so!

You may or may not find out next time!


Chapter Six – Shreds and Sewers
While Seth and Twig are walking along the Main Road, which doesn't bend and yet covers almost all of the roads in the City of... What?, some writers could choose to tell about the architecture of the village. The occasional goofball might have a strange obsession with bridges. Others prefer to describe how the sunrays fall down in a valley and what the clouds have to do with them. Unfortunately, the writer of this story isn't as imaginative as that, so you might have to look elsewhere for such creative insights. On the other hand, you probably would have noticed this many chapters previously, which means this short introduction is not meant for you.

What the writer of this story does prefer, is creating a world through the eyes and opinions of his characters. One could use an all-knowing narrator for this. But as the writer may have had me mention, this is not the case. The opinions I may or may not have about this issue, are also usually received by deaf ears. However, if I was allowed to temporarily gaze into the minds of the main characters, I would say that Twig for instance has to keep quiet about his opinions that focus on scenery. If he was allowed to talk in a non-goblin hatted way, he would tell Seth how awful it is that the people in the City of… What? live so close to each other. He would point out that some houses even seem to be built into each other, so that the main road fits by some impossible logic. He would complain about the fact that most of the houses are made of wood, and rotten wood at that. And another thing: The main street was secretly driving him mad, but that Seth was the only thing keeping him sane because Twig was even more puzzled by anything that came out of Seth's mouth like an adult while he's only a ten year old infant.

Seth on the other hand is a whole different story. His mother would bore him to death with stories about the city. Other than the occasional cooking and cleaning in the house, there wasn't much more she could possibly do in the village. So, when she went to the city to get groceries, which meant to actually get out of the house, it would be the highlight of her week. This would to any emancipated woman feel like a slap in the face. Unfortunately, well maybe actually fortunately for them, King Lacial passed a law so that women all over his country could cope with the boring chores by giving them visions of vacation and sunny beaches instead of the boring housekeeping that is a part of life. Some have resented the King for going that far to keep his inhabitants happy. But these complaints were soon enough extinguished when the King passed a law to make breathing for such cry-babies feel like jail time. This way the problem would sort itself out, King Lacial thought. And it did.

Oh yes, regarding Seth. He had heard all the stories about the city so many times through his entire childhood that he could see every detail in his mind. He didn't even notice the poo that made the sidelines of the main road and the front gardens of the houses so incredible and beautifully brown. He knew that the wind was forced by King Lacial's law to blow downwards so that the townsfolk couldn't smell the poo and enjoy the streets’ colorful views to the fullest. The problem with this is that everyone become so accustomed to it that they simply do not register these details, practically becoming blind to them. For Seth and Twig at this very moment, it meant that beforehand, they never even thought of looking up to see what was right above their heads. By the way: The street itself was made of cobblestone and moss, and if this line didn't bore you to death… I won't forgive you.

Seth: It is like I am opening my eyes for the first time…
Twig: I know what you mean.
Seth: I did not know my neck could bend that way.
Twig: Me neither... Wow…
Seth: So that is what they call "Sky"?
Twig: I thought it was just a legend. A tale from long ago to make people feel less trapped in this world.
Seth: Me too…
Twig: Why didn't we think of looking upwards before this very moment?
Seth: I have no idea. But those clouds are beautiful.
Twig: Why are meteors raining down in the southeast though?

Indeed. Only a few kilometers from the city is a very, very black cloud that surrounds a small mountain with a very cliché looking dark tower on top.

Seth: It looks like it is falling around the very cliché-looking Dark Tower.
I told you so.
Twig: Do you think an Evil Wizard could be living there?
Seth: We should figure that out. He might know a spell I could learn.
Twig: Totally.
Seth: My second spell is finally within reach!
Twig: Don't you mean first?
Seth: I do have my Fireball 'spell'…
Twig: Oh yeah, I almost forgot you were an optimist. But Look! We're at the 'Sewers' where the goblins should be!
Seth: Something is off though…
Twig: Why?
Seth: Well... The 'Sewers' look more like the entrance to a mine, and the Goblins have beards.
Twig: Yeah, now that you mention it. I never had a beard!
Seth: How did King Lacial fail to notice this?

Earlier at the Castle!
Servant: That was an awesome goblin hat that little boy had.
King Lacial: Was it a +1?
Servant: No, but it was alive.
King Lacial: What could have possibly made you think that?
Servant: Well... For one it blinked.
King Lacial: Well duh, but that could be Magic right?
Servant: It coughed also.
King Lacial: Magic.
Servant: Is that your answer to anything that doesn't make sense to you?
King Lacial: Magic.
Servant: …
King Lacial: …
Servant: And it stepped off Seth, went to the bathroom, took a chicken wing from your Table Of Royal Feast +1, climbed on Seth's head again, gobbled it up, stepped off Seth's head once more to put it into a trash can on the other side of the throne room, and then walked back and took a nap on Seth's head!
King Lacial: Ah! Right! I must have missed that part.
Servant: I'm sure you might have. Also, there is no Magic in this worl-
King Lacial: - We do have more pressing matters though. How's the weather?
Servant: Grim and Dark as it has always been Sire. The mountains that surround our valley are as blackened by the fireplaces as they always were. The Main Road’s poo levels are still browning the streets colorfully to mask the hideous cobblestone, and the townsfolk’s dwellings are as chaotic and made of dark, rotting wood as ever.
King Lacial: I'm done with that.
Servant: I beg your pardon, my Liege?
King Lacial: I recently came to realize that it was just a phase of mine. Get my Book of Law!
Servant: Certainly, Sire.

Five hours later, the servant returns with a small cart, filled with a mountain of parchments.

Servant: I've returned Sire. All the five hundred thousand, six hundred and sixty-seven sheets of Laws from your Attic.
King Lacial: All right! Let's get through some for the fun of it. Here is one. All inhabitants of the kingdom are not allowed to look up at the sky. Do you remember why I made this one?
Servant: Yeah. You were annoyed that people were always talking about the weather. The word “Sky” alone used to tick you off. Here's the law that you made that prevented the use of that word too.
King Lacial: Let's shred them.
Servant: Fine by me.
King Lacial: One should be afraid of cuddly bunnies? Can you remember why I made this one Servant?
Servant: No idea my King.
King Lacial: I probably didn't have a good reason then. Shred, Shred, Shred. Whoops, I almost shredded the attic of this castle!
Servant: And here is one about the poo. This is probably why the thousands of Janitors of our kingdom kept skipping it.
King Lacial: Ah, I see! We kept this law in place mainly to make sure there was a maximum amount of poo around! The rest gets banished into oblivion. It is quite a nifty law. We have to keep this one.
Servant: Also, the rats wouldn't have been happy if we didn't keep some poo there.
King Lacial: Don't even remind me of the terrible Rat Wars my ancestors were always talking about.
Servant: What is this then? A law to make sure Goblins can't have beards? What's that all about?
King Lacial: It's to make sure everyone knows the difference between dwarves and Goblins.
Servant: How could anyone possibly mistake one for one other?
King Lacial: I have no idea. Possibly someone like the Towns' Idiot?
Servant & King Lacial: Hahaha!

We leave the castle with the two very amused and laughing King and Servant…

Servant: Wait. Didn't you send the Towns’ Idiot to scout the goblin 'Sewers' due to downsizing?
King Lacial: Whoops.

So, there it is. The main problem of stories in general. Keeping the scenery and stories consistent. How is that possible when the characters themselves constantly change every aspect of the scenery? We will still try to keep everything as consistent for you as possible though. By the way… Due to recent shredding, the grass in the Kingdom is no longer blue, but green.

Dwarf1: Waddayakno' surf'ce Dwe'ellers.
Dwarf2: Sha' we kill 'em?
Dwarf1: Na' tha' look like one o' them kidders, no' hero's!
Dwarf2: Tha' don' be harm to us Dwa'ves ri'ght?
Dwarf1: Na'. Wadda' ya want Kidder?
Seth: You are tiny.
Twig: You should become a diplomat.
Seth: I know right!
Dwarf1: You're flat n'squishy.
Twig: Ha. He totally got you back.
Seth: Aww.
Dwarf2: Yer dem first ones wh' dusn' immediately attack us thou'.
Seth: Why would I attack you?
Dwarf1: Well, y'know them hero's righ'?
Seth: Have heard they are a pest in this world, yes.
Twig: Good save Seth! *whisper* You know you're one too, right? *end whisper*
Seth: Of course.
Dwarf1: Well, they'r alway' tryin' to kick our butt, so we got fe' u' with it. Nice ha' by t'way.
Seth: Thank you.

Perhaps to you, the reader, the way these dwarves talk might look and sound a bit off. Fact of the matter is that the dwarves, even though they know the human language, have difficulty reaching a level of sound waves that humans can actually hear. They have to use a high-pitched voice to make sure their voice is registered by the human ear. Elves on the other hand have the opposite problem. They have to use a low-pitched voice to make themselves heard.

But the real trouble begins when a Dwarf and an Elf try to talk to each other. When they use their own sound waves while being around each other, they give each other an immense headache. Many wars have been fought to determine which of the races would have to leave the other to make sure the headaches would disappear for both. The dwarves ended up going underground, and the elves ended up living in trees and secluded areas. In the end the humans won by simply being able to co-exist with both of them.

Pretty smart of me huh?
Writer: Well… You did get that from Seth's mind, who in turn read it from a book. Prying into a ten-year-old would not be considered a victory or a sign of intelligence by many.
Aww…

Seth: So actually, there is no problem here?
Dwarf1: No' Really. Da King is sendin' some guards every no' and the'. But tha's useful to check if our axes 'r sti' sharp 'nough.
Seth: So, yet again, no Experience points for me?
Dwarf1: Naww. Tho' if you li' you can hav' tour through our cit'
Twig: Citadel?
Seth: I think he means City.
Twig: Oh, righ'
Dwarf1: This wa'

For the first time in this story Seth and Twig get a little breather and I get paid a little extra to explain everything happening here.

Dwarf1: Aw ma'. It' rush 'our!

The History of the dwarven race is quite interesting. You see, they used to be human once, but the first dwarves had a huge affinity for mining. Day and night, night and day, no matter the season. Mining iron, crafting axes, then mining again and then crafting again. And so on, and so forth. Constantly trying to find better materials to craft their pickaxes from so they could then mine better materials again. Because all the mining made them more cut off from the world than the regular peasant, they started to use their voices less. That’s when they started to turn away from using human language. Now, you may wonder how their voices became so low. It would be awkwardly dumb if their low voices were to communicate better under the ground, which is totally ridiculous. It is fun to imagine, but still ridiculous.

After centuries of living underground and using far stretching mine shafts as the main way to travel, they started to have a problem. At ‘rush hour’ they stood still for hours, and it made them look very grumpy. So, to keep their spirits up, they would sing. However, earthquakes would start to take place around ‘rush hour’. Which lead them to the conclusion that together they are, in fact, able to cause earthquakes with their singing. Actually, 90% of the world’s earthquakes may or may not be caused by dwarves this way. Still, this isn’t why their voices are low. I’m sidetracking again. The earthquakes during ‘rush hour’ would only add to the dwarves’ annoyance, which was already high because of standing still for so long, so the grumpier they were the lower their voices became. After all, they had to lower their voices to avoid the earthquakes… Unsuccessfully.

As the dwarven population grew, ‘rush hour’ would increasingly worsen and made them even grumpier looking. Then one day, one dwarf suddenly decided to climb onto the shoulders of the dwarf in front of him and walk over the heads of the other dwarves. This is how the modern Dwarf travels. And it’s actually quite useful! Now dwarves can move twice as fast and get less blisters from walking on the hard stone all the time, and they were the first humans ever to have an elevator system they called the face-lift! Side effects from ‘rush hour’ did include baldness and grumpy faces though. They compensated the baldness with large beards, and their grumpiness made for a lower voice throughout the centuries. They went so low that talking in a nearly human language made them feel happy again. And so, a blissful relationship started with the humans. As long as they weren’t confused for goblins of course. Oh, I totally forgot to tell about the things Seth and Twig were seeing in the mines! My bad…

Seth: That was the best tour I have ever had!
Twig: Those diamonds looked even shinier than the real thing!
Seth: They were the real thing…
Twig: I don't believe you.
Seth: Will I ever get through?
Twig: Maybe, but what was the last thing you wanted to show us, Dwarf1?
Dwarf1: I got a lil' Presen' for Seth if you' up for i'.
Seth: Sure, I love presents.
Dwarf1: My fella' mates made this nice rock ball an' we want to give yer the hono' o' pushing it down this cliff.
Seth: Will it cause any harm to the dwarves here?
Dwarf1: Naww it' 'harmle' . My cousin Dwarf391 said it' 'tota' 'safe'
Twig: I'm not sure what exactly is his accent and what are the quotation marks.
Seth: Well it is still an honor, right? What is the worst thing that could happen?
Poor Seth…
Seth: Hnnnggg! It does not move. Twig, help me!
Twig: All right.

Together our two adventurers push the big, round boulder off the edge on top of the cliff on the left side of the Dwarf Mine. The ball slowly gets momentum and moves over the edge, falling three inches and starts rolling down.

Dwarf1: I Thank ye few yer visi' an' te' da' Kin' Lacia' tha' we' Perfe'ly harmle' t' an'one tha' don'atta' u'
Twig: Is he getting lazier with his talking?
Seth: Thank you Dwarf1. I hope to see you around sometimes.
Dwarf1: Soz Seth Don' Coun' Onnit.
Seth: Why?
Dwarf1: Look a' my name. 's ma' t' be eas'y forge'fu'
Seth: Oh… yeah... Well at least I hope I will not forget you too fast…

And so, Seth and Twig have survived yet another encounter that would have possibly meant certain death for our brave adventurer Seth. Hey, that rhymes!
Seth: Hey!

What will Seth and Twig encounter on their way back? How beautiful was the scenery that Seth and Twig saw in the Dwarf mine while I was distracted? And what will happen with the rolling rock?
Current Experience points Seth: 66!

Seth: Huh? How did I get that?
Twig: Oh my god, you've leveled up?!
Seth: Finally. That only took us 6 whole chapters…
Twig: At least you get Exp…
Seth: That is right. Goblins cannot level up.

How will Seth level up? Will he be able to increase his Magic points to cast spells? And will he ever get the Intelligence and/or Wisdom level to actually cast spells?
You will find out next time

Seth: Back to the King, Twig!
Twig: Righ' O'


Chapter Seven – Ninjas and Pubs
After many hours of almost hard work, Seth finally gained enough experience points to consider himself to be Leveled Up. Leveling up is quite an interesting concept where a puny, little ten-year-old boy can suddenly have a lot more muscles, have a sudden growth spurt or other miraculous things in a fraction of a second. Out of the blue, a little boy who would at one moment be the world's punching bag could suddenly become an experienced fighter. Another interesting thing is that there have been occasions in this world where heroes suddenly were adept at skills they had never practiced before. Thus far any protests from demons, dragons, logic, and nature have been ignored.

This is only one of many examples where things in this world seem unfair or ridiculous. One of the most exceptional artifacts that defies any kind of logic in existence, is the fabled Balancing Staff. Among the many books of lore (in Seth’s room), there was one book where it was described a mysterious artifact that would have appeared out of the blue and changed things that neither made sense nor had any logic behind it. Even with the current inexplicable logic applied. It also had a peculiar inexplicable effect on the heroes' vocabulary. Out of the blue words like "OP" and "Nerf" started to emerge, which is about the only evidence to date that this mysterious Balancing Staff even exists…

A recently added page in the book about the Balancing Staff cites how King Lacial attempted to prove its existence by introducing some "Laws of mildly cruel volition". However, both the laws and the temporary disappearance of King Lacial have left many people puzzled up to this day. The book in question was one of many in Seth's bookshelf at his home in Bathvil. He cherished them with all his heart, as the books were the only real evidence of him having a father. Unfortunately, Seth also thought that the "Balancing Staff" was a magic object, which made him go into the world to find this great magic Staff he's read so much about. To make things worse he was just told by the Towns' Idiot that he might have misinterpreted the "Staff" part of the Balancing Staff, completely diminishing the idea of there being a powerful magical object for him to wield. And thereby perhaps crushing his dream of obtaining a magical weapon to channel is nonexistent magical powers with.

Seth: K..k.k.k…
Twig: Careful Seth, your eyes might pop out if you keep staring at him so furiously.
Towns' Idiot: Did that hat just talk?
Seth: You will pay for this…
Twig: Isn't your anger a bit misdirected Seth?
Seth: Ten years I have been stuck at my house. Finally, I was able to go after my dreams. For ages I have been wondering what the Balancing Staff looked like and how it would feel in my hands. And now some random Idiot-
Towns' Idiot: Hey! I'm THE Idiot in town, in any town, give me some credit and show some respect!
Seth: That is it.
Twig: Oh boy…

The world around Seth, Twig and the Towns’ Idiot become blurry, and Seth feels he has the initiative in this battle.

Seth: You will pay for your sins!
Towns' Idiot: What sin? Aaaahhh, the pain!
Seth's Wand of More or Lesserness hits the Towns’ Idiot for 2 damage!
Twig hits the Towns’ Idiot for 2 damage as well with his tiny knife.
Towns' Idiot: What have you done? Your hat sliced off some of my hair!
Seth: Yes, so?
Towns' Idiot: Do you know how many months it takes to make it look this silly?
Twig: …
The Towns' Idiot draws his mop and hits Seth's hat for ... 1 damage.
Twig: Argh! Why is it still wet?
Towns' Idiot: Well how do you expect mops to be? Mops are always wet!
Seth: That does not make any sense! Hit him again Twig!
Seth and Twig combine their strength and hit the Towns' Idiot for 5 damage!
The Towns' Idiot staggers and can barely stand.
Towns' Idiot: Please… Please, no more. I can't take a single point of damage more. Please, have mercy Seth!

The Towns' Idiot falls to his knees and sobs onto his mop. The tears are absorbed by the mop, while also wetting the Towns' idiot's face. Seth seems to have calmed down a little even though his hands are trembling, and it almost looks like he wants to cast a 'fireball' at the Towns' Idiot. Then he suddenly freezes and stares at the Towns' Idiot.

Seth: What happens when I slay you?
Towns' Idiot: Then um... I guess there will be another Idiot to take my place?
Seth: In comparison. How much of an idiot are you to the others?
Towns' Idiot: … What now?
Seth: Are there idiots in your branch who are dumber, slower, and bigger jerks than you are?
Towns' Idiot: Why yes, I've lost my mind for years I'm told. Apparently, the Village Idiot in Bathvil pretends to be an Elder for example.
Seth: …
Twig: Oh my…
Towns' Idiot: Yeah well… If you don't mind, I'll be off then. I have a special errand for the King to check up on the Doughnut Caravan that's coming this way. Here, have my mop if you like. I don't like it when it's so wet.

And so, Seth finishes off his second opponent! For this victory Seth receives another 15 Experience Points! Where will it end? We may never know! But for now, we quickly move on to King Lacial's Castle!

King Lacial: Has my package arrived yet Servant?
Servant: It has! Is this the fabled "Staff of Balance" Sire?
King Lacial: Oh, I wish... But no, it isn't. It’s a special delivery of an item I ordered one of the Village Idiots to retrieve. I haven’t seen him since… So I sent our Towns’ Idiot to find it again, and now it’s finally here!
The package looks like it contains a-
King Lacial: Hold on Narrator. This is my special attention time, remember? You are not allowed to speak.
That's right! I'm terribly sorry, Sire.
King Lacial: Good! Or else I'll put you into the dungeons instead of the ivory tower! Well, where was I. Oh yeah... The package looks quite like a Staff, right? Well it isn't! Let me wrap this open.
Servant: And by that you mean you allow me to unwrap it, I presume?
King Lacial: Do I have to spell out everything for you Servant?
Servant: Why no, not for me but without a Narrator the readers-
King Lacial: I thought we confirmed that fourth wall breaking was only for comedic moments?
Servant: Yes sire.
King Lacial: And is this one of them? Look at my face. Does this face exert copious amounts of happy?
Servant: ... No my Liege…
King Lacial: Exactly. Now stop stretching the story so that I can finally explain what this is.

Guard: It's a mop isn't it?
Servant: …
King Lacial: …
Guard: Aw bullocks. Now I'll be sent to the lions for sure.
King Lacial: We do not have any lions here. But I'll see if I can meet or exceed your expectations.
King Lacial: What did you just say Servant?
Servant: I said 'What is what package being?'
King Lacial: Bad English Servant! But that's not punishable by death... yet. Do remind me I'll make a law that makes everyone in this world know when to use Your and You're.
Servant: Gladly, your Majesty.
King Lacial: Anyway. This mop is an enchanted mop! It will replace the mop that the thousands of janitors use.
Servant: Oh yeah, I nearly forgot we had those. They used to be ninjas right?
King Lacial: Indeed. I took them in when they were in abundance in their own country. Gave them a home, and work. They begged me to give them a different job than being a ninja. Problem is, that's all they're good for. In the end, the only job they could more or less do… was becoming janitors.
Servant: And we never see them clean.
King Lacial: Exactly!
Servant: But how do you know they're there?
King Lacial: Because if they left, you would see a trail of deforestation.
Servant: That does not make any sense, does it?
King Lacial: Not from what I've been told. Now, the thousands of janitors all share one mop. They copy it or pass it around super quick or something. But for some reason they can't copy the water in the buckets.
Servant: Isn't there a certain rule stating that one can't summon water or food or something?
King Lacial: Are you implying there is magic in this world?
Servant: ... No?
King Lacial: You'd better not be. But oh my... This is the wrong mop.
Servant: What now?
King Lacial: This isn't the Mop of Constant Wetness! This is the Nimrod 2000!
Servant: That's ... Bad?
King Lacial: No, it's awesome! It's got these special fibers that reaches all hard to get to places!
Servant: So, you don't care about an alleged magical mop being misplaced?
King Lacial: No, why would I? It's not as if anyone is going to notice?
Servant: If you're happy, I'm happy.

And so, yet another day passed peacefully in the Castle. We now can safely return without any of the King's intermissions… right?
 King Lacial: Right.
Right.

Seth: This mop does not dry up.
Twig: Could it be magical?
Seth: We will check tomorrow. If it is still wet, it will be my first magical item!
Twig: And you have mastered two of the five elements!
Seth: Excuse me?
Twig: Don't worry about it. What will we do now though?
Seth: I am going to level up!
Twig: Don't tell me you're going to stare blankly into nothingness for hours again?
Seth: I will not promise anything.
Twig: Ugh
Seth: Let us see. I can decide to get more strength, dexterity, or health apparently.
Twig: Who would ever choose health? I mean... Isn't that only useful if you want to become like five thousand years old or something?
Seth: Do not care. I want a Magic stat. Where is it?
Twig: It's not an option?
Seth: It has to be. It is what I have been looking for all my life!
Twig: That's how I feel about leveling up…
Seth: Is there not anyone who I can pray to to have our most sincere wishes come true?
Twig: Sure there is. Yo Balance Staff! Come here for a second. There's this kid here that wants to become a mage and I know you guys have that stocked up somewhere!
Seth: What are you doing?
Twig: Shush!
Seth: All right.
Twig: Come on dudes ya kno' I 'no ur they're!

Balancing Staff: Wow. Just wow. That was the worst grammar I have seen in ages.
Twig: Yeah, but I knew ya're there!
Balancing Staff: You were*
Seth: My head hurts…
Twig: Yeah that happens when I'm using your head like a fishbowl.
Seth: Great, how does that work?
Twig: You're the bowl, they're the fish.
Seth: …
Balancing Staff: So, 'sup Twig?
Twig: My bro here wants to become a mage.
Balancing Staff: 'Tha hell?
Twig: My... interesting feller ain't he?
Balancing Staff: Saw his face when he saw that there ain't no Magic Points there.
Twig: Ya, pretty hilarious! The tears were almost showin'!
Balancing Staff: Ya, pretty much like when you realized you couldn't become more than lvl 1! Haha! So funny! Me and the dudes here are still talkin' 'bout it!
Twig: …
Balancing Staff: Soz bro. Just wouldn't be fair to the dragons. You know how it goes…
Twig: I know. Thanks for the Alternative Currency we got though…
Balancing Staff: Shush, you know humans aren't permitted to know anything about our... arrangement!
Twig: Oh yeah. Sorry. But the mage thing...?
Balancing Staff: Oh yeah. Err... I'll make up sumthin'. Dun' worry Seth. It'll be fine.
Twig: Thanks Bro.
Balancing Staff: Hear ya 'round.
Twig: Thanks fer yer help!
Balancing Staff: Your help Twig. It's your help.
Twig: Right.

Seth: What was that all about?
Twig: Oh, that's Balancing Staff. He's mah bro.
Seth: I am tired Twig. Bad grammar. Fishbowl head. It taxes on my sanity.
Twig: Well short story. I'm old, they're older. We met at a pub once. Jimmy was there too.
Seth: Jimmy the wolf?
Twig: Yeah, so we get together once every interval to chitchat a little and then we go our separate ways.
Seth: I wish I had more backstory…
Twig: Yeah well. Nobody's perfect. At least you have no baggage from the past.
Seth: You do then?
Twig: Let's just never meet a pixie, all right?
Seth: I will do my best not to?
Twig: Good, now let's go meet that king for yer Mana potions!
Seth: Your*
Twig: Right.

And so, Seth and Twig continues along the Main Road back to the Castle. Will we ever know if the King finds out Seth has got the precious mop? Will Seth eventually find a suitable background story? Will Twig ever meet a pixie, and would the Towns’ Idiot ever wonder where his mind is at? Yes, that IS a music reference, look it up!

King Lacial: No, I won't. And I know about the mop now Narrator.
Woops.
King Lacial: And I still don't care. Because... *Catchy Tune* Nimrooood 2000 is the one - for you!
Word.


Chapter Eight – I Nicked This Title
A day has passed since Seth had obtained his watery Mop of Wetness. Yes, so it is called after close examination from both Seth and Twig which led them to conclude that the mop was still wet and thus must be Magic. Where the mop came from is quite the mystery. The Village Idiot that King Lacial sent out, stole it. However, being an idiot, he has no idea where or how he stole it. He also became lost on his way back, completely forgetting what he was doing, why he had the mop, and what the mop’s name was. And that’s why he had no problem with the Towns’ Idiot taking it from him. Fortunately for the Towns’ Idiot they went their separate ways, and thus everything is right in the world.

Speaking of rightness, everything around Seth and Twig seems to have the exact opposite state! Everywhere around town, the weirdest things are suddenly missing! Mice are desperately looking for their mice-holes to crawl back into but are unable to find them. And even through the street lanterns are clearly on, there is nothing that lights up around them! Some townsfolk claim foolishly that mages are doing it. But they are quickly escorted away by the local guardsmen to keep the idea of nonexistent magic alive. Unfortunately, the same does not count for the people. No one ever heard from them again.

Because of all of the madness, many people started to panic! Well, as far as panic is allowed in the Kingdom anyway. They didn't come closer to a panicking stampede than slowly and quietly leaving the town in a conga line. You could see they didn't enjoy it by looking at their faces, and yet it involved some minor dance moves.

Man1: The horror... The horror.
Man2: I don't get what the fuss is about though.
Man1: You don't notice the lights being out or the rats gnawing at your feet?
Man2: Ah, no! You see, I'm a personal friend of King Lacial. So I know about his Laws. As for the mice... I got their holes right here, see? And don't worry about my feet, I'm wearing someone else's under mine. A little tip from my dear friend King Lacial, who is king, and my friend.
Man1: Aaargh…
Man2: Why is your nose bleeding?
Seth: Hey, I have read something about that! His mind cannot keep up with what he sees and/or hear! And his body is making up an excuse to distract you from his own stupidity!
Man2: Clever boy! What's your name?
Seth: Seth.
Man2: Pleased to meet you. Nice hat you have there!
Seth: Thank you. It is pretty popular around town I noticed.
Man2: Not too popular that anyone would... steal it right?
Seth: I definitely hope not!
Twig whispering: Thanks Seth!
Man2: My name is Richard, friend of King Lacial. Do not worry, as I am not interested in popular hats.
Seth: Pleased to meet you Richard! Where were you off to then?
Richard: I was on my way to my friend King Lacial. I don't visit this kingdom often. I travel a lot, you see. But I have obtained some stuff he might be interested in.
Seth: What a nice coincidence, I am going that way as well. Though I also have to visit the Swordery.
Richard: Then I shall come with.
Seth: Hurray! I made a new friend!
Richard: Splendid! Would you like a mice-hole?
Seth: ... This cannot be good.

A few minutes later they reach the Swordery of Seth's childhood friend Yuna. The Swordery is exactly what it sounds like. A Shop, made of swords, where one could buy swords. Twig scratches his head while looking at the wooden sword shack. Unfortunately, Richard noticed.

Richard: So, you're the fabled Twig then?
Twig: Teh fridge?
Seth: The whatnow Twig? And how do you know Twig, Richard?
Richard: He's some kind of unfamiliar legend.
Seth: How so?
Richard: Well… Everyone knows him as a legend. But they have no clue why. They also call him Twig the Neverheardof.
Twig: It's a skill to be unknowingly present.
Richard: I'd say. I envy you a little at that.
Twig: How so?
Richard: Let's just say… My profession is not one to talk of within earshot of a few bored guards. And I would love to have what you have so I can just keep doing what I do.
Twig: Ah... Well I wish I could help but alas.
Richard the Neverheardof: Thanks for your cooperation.
Twig: Huh? What?
Woman1: Hey, is that Richard the Neverheardof?
Woman2: Omygawd omygawd omygawd! He's so hawt and unfamous!
Woman1: Sshh sshh let's ask him for his autograph!
Richard the Neverheardof: Just a second ladies. Allow me to take my title out of sight.
Woman1: Omygawd he’s talking to us!
Woman2: …
Richard: Lost for words?
Woman2: …
Woman1: …

The women quickly, as if in a panic, walk away in a conga line.

Richard: That was annoying
Seth: ... What happened there?
Richard: I nicked their words. I thought that was obvious?
Seth: Is that even possible?
Richard: Sure it is. I can also steal half your sentences.
Seth: And how did you-
Richard: "Expect to do that? Even when I make words up like Oogloobable?"
Seth: ... Okay you-
Richard: "Win. And yes, you're the master! I Worship you! Let me be your companion for all eternity. Or until I drop dead?"
Seth: That whole part after "win" you made up though.
Richard: I know! It's the fun things in life that matter. Beautiful place you have here Yuna.

Yuna had just walked out of her Swordery. Watering the plants that... weren't previously there? Neither was the watering can in her hands. Or the mailbox for that matter.

Yuna: Seth what is happening here? And Sir how did you know my name?
Seth: I am confused as well. But just let it all happen. I think that is best you can do.
Yuna: How does my store look so beautiful?
Richard: I stole its ugliness and put it into this bag... Don't check it though. Just leave it in a corner somewhere and put it over your enemy's house for your own pleasure.
Yuna: ... Thank you?
Richard: You're welcome. The flower I planted onto your head was rightfully earned I see.
Yuna: How could you have possibly done that? You've been standing twenty feet away from me all along!
Richard: Let's just say... I borrowed some space between us, and I used a move action from that guy there to put it in your hair. But put the forces of nature to rest for a second so they can relax for a bit. Everybody wins.
Seth: Except for the guy you nicked the move action from. He has been standing still for almost ten seconds now.
Richard: He'll probably walk it off soon.
Seth: He cannot... His movement speed has been nicked.
Richard: He should end his turn then. Hey mister frozen person. End your turn!
Random Hero: What? Huh? Oh... Did my bot freeze again?
Seth: Yeah... That was probably it... What is a bot?
Random Hero: Thanks Dude. Let me put it on again and then we can slaughter some goblins.
Twig Whispering: Eek!
Richard: Let me amaze you for a second.
Random Hero: What? *choking sounds* … Help... Me..…

Richard grabs his hat, bows, and puts the hat back on. After Richard finishes his maneuver, the eyes of Random Hero pop out and his face becomes purple before fainting. A second later he disappears from Seth and Twig's sight.

Yuna: What did you do?
Richard: I took his breath away.
Seth: …
Twig: That's awesome.
Richard: That trick made my levels skyrocket over the years. But I took control over it. Sure helped me travel further than anyone else in this world. The aliens at the end were tough!
Twig: Shh Richard. Spoilers.
Richard: Nah, I nicked that ending.
Seth: …
Richard: If you don't believe me. Check this bag!

Seth quickly peeks into the bag Richard was showing to him. A very weird cutscene was playing inside the Bag. Luckily for the bag it was only one small part of the cutscene. Otherwise it might have torn from logic exhaustion.

Seth: Why though?
Richard: Because it's fun to nick things.
Seth: Why do you not rob normal stuff like banks and such?
Richard: Oh, but I do. That's one of the presents for King Lacial. Let's go to him now!
Yuna: Hold on. Seth this is the wand you asked for.
Seth: Thanks Yuna! Now all I need is a spell to cast!
Richard: Is that a big knife without a sharp edge?
Yuna: Hush!
Seth: A wand!! Finally, I am on my way to become a true Magician!
Richard: You're a special little thing, aren’t you?
Seth: Huh?
Richard: You're the first hero in more than a few decades who chooses a different path than all those other Heroic Nitwits. Is that the reason you're with this kid Twig?
Twig: Yeah, it is.
Yuna: That hat can talk?
Seth: Do not be alarmed Yuna. Twig is my friend.
Yuna: Why I am not surprised…
Seth: Richard!
Richard: Ah pure poetry. Taking your surprise by surprise. You might have panicked if I allowed you to be surprised.
Yuna: Thanks. I didn't feel like doing a conga line anyway.
Richard: You're welcome. So what is next?
Twig: To King Lacial!
Richard: We're already here Twig.
Twig: Teh Fridge?
Richard: Time is money. And I'm wealthy.
Seth: You bought yourself some time. Then spent it. And in the process of that you used the time up to be here instantly without us realizing we walked all the way?
Richard: No. Also, the time that you took explaining it isn't very well spent now is it?

Where did Seth, Twig and Richard go?
Richard: We went ahead Narrator. We're at the castle now. In the throne room even.
Right. Let me adjust my err... Crystal Ball... hold on for a second.
Seth: Is that Crystal Ball magical?
No... It's a metaphor.
Seth: Aw bullocks. I could not say goodbye to Yuna though.
Richard: Not to worry. You'll see her next chapter.
Seth: Taking the surprise out of it again?
Richard: Yup.

Ah ok. So… Seth, Twig and Richard finally-
Richard pretending to be a narrator: Made it to the castle blahblah yada yada we know. Wasting time here. Oh look! They made it to the throne room. What a surprise.
Ugh… Fine. I'll just go do something else while you're directing this farce of a story. Good luck. I'll catch up with Seth and Twig later.

King Lacial: Bye, Narrator. Do you ever change Richard?
Richard: Sometimes. I've taken a lot of drastic turns in my life.
Seth: Surely not yours I assume?
Richard: Of course not. I got thirty of them in this little pouch here.
Seth: Brilliant!
Richard: So, I was wondering if I can have a minute of your time King Lacial.
King Lacial: After you've barged in so rudely and not even greeting me? No.
Richard: Not to worry. I took ten already. I'll take another five if you don't say "Curses" right this instant.
King Lacial: ... Curses…
Richard: There you go. Keep those five. How have you been My Liege?
King Lacial: Been doing good. Have the goblin "sewers" been taken care of Seth?
Seth: Sure have! They were actually Dwa-
Richard: -Dwa-
Twig: -Dwarves, yes. You're not taking someone else's time to shine t-
Richard: -hat easily Richard. Nice theft, Twig. Where did you learn that?
Twig: In a bar. A long time ago. Events transpired.
Richard: Don't they always?
King Lacial: Hey! Do not ignore me!
Twig: Not to worry King Lacial. I'll be a Goblin Hat for the rest of the moment. Unless Richard tries to outwit this little ten-year-old boy again.
King Lacial: Fine by me. I would've had your head for this Twig. But the presence of Richard changes things. Drastically. Anyway Seth: The throne is yours.

King Lacial glares in a very deadly fashion toward Seth.

King Lacial: In a matter of speaking of course. I meant you can speak up now without anyone interrupting you.
Seth: Sure King Lacial. The goblin "Sewers" are actually a huge Dwarven mine.
Twig: No clue how you've possibly made that mistake though. I mean you have to be a total-
Servant: - We sent the Towns’ Idiot.
Twig: Ah.
Seth: Why though?
Servant: Well… That's a good question. King Lacial… Why do we keep sending the Towns’ Idiot?
King Lacial: Because he is too stupid to die. He wouldn't know how to.
Servant: Well that's useful.
King Lacial: Indeed. At the moment he's on an errand to take back my donuts caravan from a few ogres.
Twig: …
Seth: …
Richard: Don't worry. I've taken the lives from the ogres when I walked past them, they're in this bag.
King Lacial: Where do you store all the bags? I have never seen more than a single bag on you!
Richard: I took the liberty from a storage unit. Then I put those bags in this bag, see?
Servant: Wow…
Richard: I'm sure it didn't mind though. I haven’t received any complaints yet.
King Lacial: Good to hear. I prefer my storage units loyal and silent. But also stationary. Anyway Seth. I sent my Diplomat out right after you left, and he told me not too long ago that the Dwarves are willing to trade with us. All thanks to your hard work!
Seth: You are welcome Sire. So, what would this deal entail?
King Lacial: In exchange for sending ten guards and/or heroes a week so they can check their axes’ sharpness on a regular basis, I will get a steady income of gems. I am also allowed to hand out quests to heroes to try and recapture the mine. By which they will probably be brutally slaughtered by our new friends.
Seth: That is cruel!
Servant: Shush Seth! This means we don't have to send in children anymore to check if it's safe. It's all about population control.
King Lacial: See, everyone wins! Especially you Seth! Here's a bathtub full of Mana, as promised. I bathed in it this morning so it's still warm!
Seth: ... Thank you?
King Lacial: Sure, no problem! Here, have this rubber duck along with it.
Seth: Yay!
Richard: Seth got his Tubwater, King Lacial a new income, Twig didn't get his head cut off when he was no longer Seth's hat. Such a wonderful day! Allow me to spread the word: Everybody wins!
Servant: Everybody wins!
Seth: Everybody wins!
Twig: Everybody wins!
King Lacial: Everybo- No Richard, stop putting those words in my mouth!
Richard: Of course My Liege. They were pretty fresh though. Took the words out of the mouths of a few of your tax collectors along the way. They were lies though. I put them to better use.
King Lacial: Remind me why we are friends again?
Richard: I simply took all the reasons for us not to be friends.
Twig: And the world makes sense again.
Richard: Well, I have to go now. I bid you all farewell. Oh Seth! I won't be forgetting you! I have in this bag a scroll, containing a spell for you. Take your time to read it and study the spell carefully. It might save your life someday. Plus, girls love it.
Seth: Fireballs?
Richard: Err... No. Way too fiery for their taste. Also, I nicked the filth from King Lacial's bathtub-water so you don't have to puke every time you drink it.
Seth: Wow! That is awesome. I cannot thank you enough!
Richard: Indeed, you cannot. But feel free to start. No, let me just take your thanks right now. We may not meet again.
Seth: Thanks.
Richard: Seems I missed one of them. Ah well. Oh, and King Lacial… I robbed your bank! Would you like it back?
King Lacial: You did what?!
Richard: Last time we talked you were bragging about how majestic your bank was. And you told me I couldn't possibly rob it. So I did. Just to show you that I could. Here, let me take it out of this bag.
King Lacial: No don't open the bag here!!

And with that we quickly leave the castle. Since the vault is also bigger on the inside, opening the bag would create a chain reaction where the space in the vault and the space in the bag would expand each other. This rapid expansion of space mimics a huge explosion. Mistakes like that luckily don't happen that often. This would have instantly killed Seth and Twig on the spot, if not for King Lacial's legendary reflexes. Unfortunately, because everyone blinked at that moment no one in the room knew what heroic things King Lacial did in that split second. Thus, this will at least for now remain a Mystery. But King Lacial has insisted I told you guys about this legendary action because he wants you to know he can do awesome stuff.

Current SAS:
Exp: 413

Seth: Hurray I'm level three!
Richard: Mind if I take some of those experience points?
Seth: I do.
Richard: All right, all right.

Current Spells:
"Fireball" x 14
*Wet Enemy* x infinity
*Blow Air* x until out of breath
*Pound the Ground* x 2 crushed feet.

Twig: Oh my god, you have mastered all the four elements!
Seth: Right... Hey you are still here Servant?
Servant: Yeah, I am. Wanna go to the pub? I'll pay for lemonade for all of us. We can't enter the throne room for a while anyway.
Richard: Cool!
Seth: Yay!
King Lacial: Woohoo!
Twig: I'm too Legendary for Lemonade.


Chapter Nine – Milk and Walls
After a very painful two week-walk, our heroes... I mean friends... Wait, Richard is there too? ... Our... Heroes and their companions, which includes Seth, Twig, King Lacial and his Servant, Richard and ... Well that's it really, have finally reached the Tavern. I understand that certain people, i.e. the reader, would love some insight as to why exactly the journey took so long. Richard actually had nothing to do with it. He dislikes walks, especially the pointless ones that take two weeks of his precious time. What can I say... He just doesn't like people stealing anything from him, and in his defense: be reasonable, who wouldn't hate that?

What irks Richard more is that they technically couldn't have walked the wrong way since the main road is one straight line, covering the entire Kingdom. Well... For some weird reason everyone felt like they needed directions and asked the Towns’ Idiot. Why, you ask? Because the Towns’ Idiot knew the Kingdom better than anyone of course! But naturally, his highly intellectual scrambled mind became a bit fuzzy at the end… Well, fuzzy is perhaps an understatement. You could best picture a walnut, one that went through a blender. Then replace the blender with an elephant, and the walnut under it with a cute fluffy bunny. Then you subtract the two from each other and you'll get a very confused giraffe. If you double that giraffe and replace one of them with two squirrels and a long lead pipe that balances on the other giraffe. Then you have almost a fraction similar to the chaos in the mind that the Towns’ Idiot currently operates with.

Seth: So, this is the Tavern?
Twig: No, that's the mayor's office.
Seth: Why do we need a mayor when we have a King?
King Lacial: Exactly. That's why this place is a tool shed.
Servant: The King loves to name stuff. Be satisfied with that explanation and be done with it. Makes you avoid nose bleeds for a year. Trust me, I know from experience.
Seth: Like the City of... What?
King Lacial: Quite catchy isn't it?
Seth: That is one way to look at it…

Behind them is the Tavern they were looking for. It's called the Mildly Mad Cow, and an actual cow is hanging as a signpost at the front to emphasize it.

Seth: How could we have missed the cow? We had two buildings right in front of us and we picked the tool shed as our first choice.
Twig: Beats me…

The party enters the Tavern, which is quite dully lighted. Spooky perhaps even. The walls are painted black and even though the tavern is supposed to look like a wild western themed tavern, seeing as a cow... Well, you already know about the cow, it looks more like the deck of a pirate ship.

Servant: The Bartender is very progressive. Some say he is a few hundred years in front of his time. Although others claim the opposite. But who are we to judge? Hey Jony Daves! How are you today?
Jony Daves: YARRRR Servant! How is me matey?
Servant: Quite dandy I guess. Can we have some milk please?
Seth & Twig: I thought you said lemonade a chapter ago?
Servant: Nah you just imagined that.
Seth: Err…
Twig: Don't punch the guys that saved your life Seth. Just think of them as being a little... off.
Jony Daves: Here's the best milk you can get in this Kingdom. It doesn't say much though. As cows are hang-
King Lacial: -AHEM?
Jony Daves: I mean... This is the best milk anyone could ever afford here on the salary of the generous King Lacial.
Servant: But I'm the one paying my month's salary for it.
King Lacial: Semantics.
Servant: ... Thank you my Liege. I'll be looking that word up.
King Lacial: Consider it a gift of gratitude for me making the milk affordable to you, rather than threaten you to pay for the first round.
Servant: Like the time you told me that you wouldn't threaten my family to drown in milk as long as I keep accepting words I don't know of as "payment" for the "salary" I get to "spend" to "give" a "round" to "my friends"?
Richard: Woah those are a lot of sarcastic quotation marks.
King Lacial: Is this true Servant? Were you attempting to be sarcastic towards your Liege?
Servant: My hands are just cramping, my Liege.
King Lacial: For your family's sake I hope so.

After the first *gulp* of the milk and after a thankful nod towards the Serv-- I mean King Lacial, a strange moment of calm hovers above our heroes. Suddenly everything turns black as if our friends’ minds were fleeting away from their bodies like a bunny from a hunter who hadn’t had his coffee yet, and ruthlessly decided that the bunny would be excellent to sell to a Tavern of sorts. The irony in this is that the Mildly Mad Cow doesn’t serve any rabbits. So the metaphorical rabbit would have been fine, if it wasn't a metaphor. But alas! Poor, poor rabbit, and therefore poor, poor friends…

Twig: Am I still ... alive?

*Silence*

Twig: No narrator? Also, what was in that milk?
Not so mysterious, but strange voice: Like... Can you hear me now?
Twig: I can, who are you?
Not so mysterious, but strange voice: You can call me Jill. Heya dude!
Twig: Nice! Call me Twig, where are we?
Jill: Well, like, I was at the bar, drinking the usual and chatting with my girlfriends. They're here too!
Incredibly girly voice: Hiiii!
Another incredibly girly voice: Heya sweetie!
Twig: Can you please have shorter names? They hurt my eyes when I use my dark vision!
Incredibly girly voice: That is like... SO offensive! Call me Tiffany.
Another Incredibly girly voice: Yeah, why should I? You're a jerk! Like I'd listen to you.
Twig: All right, all right I'm sorry... Please introduce yourself Another Incredibly Annoying Girly Voice.
Another Incredibly annoying girly voice: I'm Beth. You're right about him being offensive, Tiff. But I think someone else insulted us…
Twig: Nice to meet you. So, where are we?
Beth: Like I care. I got my girlfriends here, that's all I need!
Jill and Tiffany together: Woo!
Beth: We can like, talk to each other forever here without actually having to flap our mouths, it's like we're all thinking and hearing what we all think and hear together. It's SO a-ma-zaah!
Jill: Yeah, like... Before, we had to flap our mouths up and down and we were always fantasizing about just using our thumb or something. So that we still can show we're still a little human but that's just a stupid fantasy, and then suddenly we're telekinetic!
Seth: You mean telepathetic right?
Jill: Oh yeah, right! Thanks little boy voice!
Twig: Heh... good one.
Seth: Call me Seth. What is this place?
King Lacial: It's the dreamworld I think.
Seth: Are we all here?
Servant: I don't think so... I haven't heard Richard yet…
Twig: He didn't rob our bodies or put our souls in his bag, right?
Servant: I doubt it. He fainted just like us. And maybe it's better that he's not here. He hates losing his consciousness to anything or anyone. He's a winner.
Jill: Like... What are you guys talking about?
Twig: Nothing to break your little head over.
Jill: Ok, thanks little one!
Twig: How do you know I'm little?
Jill: Your thoughts feel low to the ground.
Twig: Just think of colorful flowers... Colorful flowers. Bumblebees…
King Lacial: Oh hey! I’ve got a visual!
Seth: Woah, as do I. Is it the Kingdom of… What?
King Lacial: Yes, it is. See: That's my castle, and over there is my castle in ten years!
Seth: Why can we not visualize our thoughts and dreams in this place like you can, King Lacial?
Servant: Probably another law.
King Lacial: Well, I AM King, duh.
Jill & Tiffany & Beth: Duhh!
King Lacial: Oh my... Could you girls be my angels! Lacial's Angels?
Servant: Shh, King Lacial. Remember the fourth wall could possibly be very thin here.
King Lacial: Woops.
Seth: So how did we all get here? And is this like a weird dream state? Are there more than one? Can we sink into a deeper dream state and can we create anything we desire there, by the cost of our minds becoming incredibly old while we still have young bodies?
Twig: …
Servant: …
Girls: ... What?
King Lacial: Preposterous. What kind of books have you been reading kid?
Seth: What if the cow milk as actually goat milk?
King Lacial: Nah, such nonsense I haven't heard in Ages. I know what's wrong…
Seth: No, listen. What if all this has something to do with counting sheep. Counting sheep and going into a dream state has something to do with goats not being sheep. Goats and cows are both on farms. So logically speaking it is the goat milk that put us into this shared dreamlike state!
Twig & the girls: ... Whut??
Servant: Since the Narrator isn't here, I will fill in *ahem*: "King Lacial watches Seth with the most passive aggressive angry look he could ever give a person. He had once given this look to his Servant when he was convinced that he put thirty-eight ice cubes in his, King Lacial’s, Piña Colada instead of thirty-seven, which left King Lacial too cold for words and actions. So, the passive aggressive angry look was born."
Seth: ... Is this one of these scary moments where I am almost about to die Twig?
Twig: Most certainly yes.
Servant: Just apologize Seth…
Seth: Then... I will swallow my pride. Sorry King Lacial.
King Lacial: Good. Now there is a perfect reason for all of this. Just don't look at the man behind the curtain!
Twig & Seth & the girls all look at the curtain that suddenly appeared out of thin air and nothingness and cry out at the same time: Richard?
Richard: Err... Did you guys want your privacy back?

And so, everyone returns, including me, to the Tavern and all have lots of food and drinks on Richard's tab since King Lacial gave him the angriest look he could muster.

Seth: Hopefully the next chapter will be less ridiculous than this one.
Twig: It was all a little far-fetched, wasn't it?
Servant: Anyone wants a leek in their dodo soup?
Jony Daves: Stop breaking walls in my tavern! I’ve only got one left!
King Lacial: Your name is a pun.

And with that the tavern crashed and we're ending yet another chapter of Spellbent.

Current Seth Exp: 638
Current Seth Battle victories: 2
Current Completed Quests: 1
Dodo's slain for the Leeked Dodo soup: about 3

Servant: They were Wiki Leeks though. Good brand.
Seth: I completely forgot about the quest exp rewards!
Twig: Yeah... Lack of enemy encounters does that to ya…
King Lacial: Be glad this isn't a book about a boring grind fest where you first grind to level up some levels, then grind for gear so you can get better gear so you can get better gear, after which you level up some levels, so you can get better gear so you can get better gear so you can get better gear, after which you level up, so you can get better gear so you can get better gear so you can get better gear so you can get better gear, after which you level up some levels, so you can get better gear so you can get better gear so-
Twig: Can you please stop that?
King Lacial: Why? It's been proven it doesn't bother thousands of heroes to have a grind fest like that while still worshiping the makers. I'm totally in my right.
Seth: I hope we never ever have to wage a War of Words with King Lacial.
King Lacial: Already won that. Though the Evil Wizard in the Evil Tower on Evil Mountain is something else…
Twig: Oh my, actual story progress in its worst form... Spoilers.


Chapter Ten – Spooks and Cliffnotes
After some goodbyes and some sweet-talk by the Servant, because King Lacial went into a random rant about how Richard could've possibly taken the taking off part, Twig and Seth decide to venture forth to the Evil Wizard that lurks in the Evil Tower that may or may not be actually Evil. They all had a "good", "night's”, "sleep" as the Servant quoted. Of course, that only caused King Lacial to rant even more since his Servant apparently just took his lawfully deserved mid-afternoon naptime away from him.

Evening falls as well, and that's quite fitting since there hasn't been a single evening in Seth's story so far. It's really peculiar how sometimes evening can creep up on you, and on the other hand can be completely forgotten or skipped for some reason. It's still a consistent occurrence though, which is of course not so odd. Nothing is more annoying than walking to the bakery on a Saturday morning and find yourself losing your precious weekend because on the way back two nights have passed in ten minutes. This is why King Lacial has decided that breakfasts and nights should become a tolerable consistency in his Kingdom. This law has cost the Magicians of the country countless sleepless nights. Though that didn't matter much. They just didn't know better back then.

Twig: So, let's recap Seth. Got your defenseless robe?
Seth: Check.
Twig: Your 'Fireballs'?
Seth: Of course!
Twig: Your... Sense of adventure?
Seth: I purposefully left that at home where it belongs. Seriously, how terrible would it be if I would constantly long for an adventure whilst being on one?
Twig: Good point. Your Mop of Wetness?
Seth: Yup, and my knapsack with some foodstuffs, some none-dream inducing goat milk and Richard's special spell.
Twig: What does the spell do Seth?
Seth: I do not know. The envelope said: "For emergencies only". So I am pretty cautious. Also, it is from Richard. That makes me even more cautious.
Twig: You do realize that you're checking your stuff now whilst standing on a ledge 100ft. above the ground, right?
Seth: Err... What?

Indeed! Seth and Twig are making their way towards the Evil Wizard in the Evil Tower on Evil Mountain that may or may not be Evil. The path itself is pretty treacherous. Not that it would disappear at any moment or stab them in the back or anything. No, it just lies there, minding its own business. Allowing the wind to move some sand around and shake up some grass, but other than that it is actually a pretty loyal mountain so far. Very consistently loyal. You can't blame an ugly duckling for being ugly of course. Applying the same logic, you can't blame an evil mountain path on Evil Mountain for being extremely deadly by having some rocks falling here and there, removing footing from the path, and leaving our adventurers with a ledge hardly bigger than two feet in some places.

Twig: Whatever you do, don't-
Seth: Do not tell me to not look down. I already did and it is fine. Also, I am pretty light and there are roots everywhere to latch onto in case I fall.
Twig: I'm pretty sure the notes stuck to the roots claim they are "evil roots". Also, don't be a know-it-all! It's really annoying sometimes.
Seth: Sorry... I cannot help it really.
Twig: Why is that?
Seth: Want to know my roots? Sure. Well, my ex-wife always told me-
Twig: Hold on hold on hold on... Ex-wife?
Seth: Yes Yuna, my ex-wife. You have met her, remember?
Twig: But you're ten!
Seth: So what?
Twig: Backstory. Now.
Seth: I had spent almost my entire life with her. So after a couple of years being together, we decided to tie the knot. My wife always said I was drunk on books. But I think she was deflecting because she had her own drinking problem. Plus, they were her books in the first place! So while I was reading books, she went out to a lemonade store or whatever. Then she would come back late with an odor of oranges and lemons.
Twig: But... Bathvil doesn't have any stores though?
Seth: We did have the lemonade superstore of course. It is ten times bigger than a lemonade stand.
Twig: So like... a shed?
Seth: Yes, it was a shed come to think of it... So anyway. We argued a lot at night. About who would feed the chicken and which of our moms should have cooked dinner for us this time. But every time I mentioned her drinking problem, she got angry. Then one day she finally snapped, and she spilled twenty gallons of lemonade over my books!
Twig: Oh no she didn't?
Seth: Oh yes she did. A divorce followed quickly after that. It is too bad though, we were thinking about children the day before. All those dreams came to a sudden halt. Well, after that she went to a clinic to sober up from the lemonade. And I realized I was better off exploring the world.
Twig: That sounds like a hell of a midlife crisis.
Seth: Yeah it was... Wait that means I only have 10 years to live according to you? Thanks...
Twig: You're welcome.
Seth: You got any kids?
Twig: Some... But we goblins never pay too much attention to that really. Seeing as once they accidentally swat a fly, they gain 1 experience point and become level 1 instantly. Then they're grown up and have a mind of their own... and won't level up ever again of course.
Seth: Weird...
Twig: Oh yeah? And waiting at least seventeen years to become a grown-up is normal you'd say?
Seth: Well. Yeah?
Twig: Tell that to the one-day fly. Becomes level 1 instantly and dies of old age after a few turns.
Seth: My head hurts... Not because of you though. Your notions are hardly worth brain power.
Twig: Rockslide!!

Meanwhile at the Castle.
Servant: We finally made it home again my Liege. What is your first order of business now that the throne room is restored in its full glory. Wait... Who repaired this?
King Lacial: What happened to our bloody walls?
Servant: Well... According to this sheet on your throne, there has been made some changes around the castle. Everything is brighter because there has been placed lighter curtains, and apparently we hired people to clean our windows. Also, the whole castle is repainted in bright yellow, red and gold.
King Lacial: Does this mean...
Servant: Yes, my Liege.
King Lacial: Oh no…
Mysterious Voice: Lacial? Are you home sweety? I've been waiting for you.

Meanwhile back at Seth and Twig.
An enormous boulder had been falling straight towards Seth and Twig from above and rolled down the side of the mountain, aiming to flatten our two brave adventurers before the intermission! Fortunately, a different boulder who had the same idea as the first boulder, decided to give the first boulder a small bump, so that it missed Seth and Twig at the last second! But that is not all. That other boulder got stuck in the chasm directly in front of Seth and Twig which would have otherwise prohibited them from proceeding towards the top of the mountain!

Seth: Well, that was lucky.
Twig: I'm not sure if that's true. See, there's a note on the boulder that was meant to squish us.
Seth: What does it say?
Twig: "Definitely an evil boulder."
Seth: Well… The note said it, so it has to be true right?
Twig: I'm not too sure...

A little more cautiously they follow the road towards the top and see the place where the boulder probably originated from. When they make a right, they notice they've been walking around in a zigzag pattern to the top of the mountain. But if one would watch them from the City of... What? or the Castle of... What?, they would see a strange two-dimensional way of Seth and Twig zigzagging an enormous vertical cliff where they would at times disappear at a point on the left side and re-appear on the right. This could all be explained quite easily if a villager wouldn't lose their mind in the process. But let's just safely assume that the main road has some collateral damage concerning the environment, which causes an optical illusion that caused them to see as if the Kingdom of... What? was at the bottom of a huge cliff, while in truth, the cliff itself is just a normal spirally hill. The best way for most townsfolk and King Lacial to cope with it, was calling it Evil Mountain, turn their backs, and never look at it again.

Once at the top they can see the whole main road stretching from the castle to the end in a straight line, obviously, and a very, very evil-looking signpost. Evil because it has angry eyes, and merely the words "evil signpost" written on it. Twig and Seth don’t think much of it and walk towards the front door of the Evil Tower. There is a big gong on the side with a stick with a little paper scrapped onto it. It reads: "Gong three times to open the door automatically, twice for a healing potion, and once for spiders.” This made the two a little more nervous.

Twig: So, let's get this gong going. Three times Seth, go ahead, and quickly so we don't encounter any spiders!

Seth quickly bashes the gong three times which causes three scary-looking spiders to emerge from the shadows behind the gong, two healing potions to appear out of seemingly nowhere, and the doors to open automatically; but so slow that it will take another ten minutes before one goblin can get through.

Seth: Now that is just cheating!

Will Seth and Twig survive this next encounter? Will King Lacial like the decorations in his throne room made by his wife? Find out in the next episode of... Spellbent!

Seth: I managed to crush one spider with my foot, two more to go!
Twig: Those other two are my size though...
Seth: Aw bullocks.

Chapter Eleven – Polishing and Nicknames
To prevent the delay of suspense even more as we already have. We will immediately go to...

The Castle.
Mysterious voice: King Lacial, sweety? Are you home?

A dark shadow has been cast upon the Castle of... What? ever since the King and his servant had returned. King Lacial, who already wasn't at ease, gives one single shiver. Servant on the other hand is shivering all over his body. A lot of fear-inducing stories start off this way. Something scary would then make even the bravest people weary of their surroundings out of nothing. And King Lacial felt this every time his wife would return.

King Lacial: Eve? Are you home already? I expected you to come back home in a decade or two. Did something happen?
Queen Eve: Not really, I just missed you sweety. Once we reached the borders of our precious country for the thirty-eighth time, I felt a little homesick. And you know how badly I want to get back to check upon my Lacypacey when that happens.
King Lacial: My well hydrated little sugarcucumber, you know that calling each other nicknames is inappropriate with people around?
Queen Eve: Well, it's just Servant here anyway… and he knows everything right? I mean, he even knows about the thing with your foot and-

King Lacial lets out a cough that by law gets converted into a minute long wolf howl. This is to distract anyone for the split second King Lacial is vulnerable to an attack.

Queen Eve: Ah yes, I guess some things should stay private.
Servant: Indeed, or just give me some broccoli to put in my ears as always.
King Lacial: Don't give that tone to my wife, Servant! Broccoli is healthy!
Servant: Yes, my Liege. But not when it's rammed into my ears by you in the first place.
King Lacial: All right, all right.
Queen Eve: So how has my husband been doing lately?
King Lacial: Well… I just had a visit from Richard, so not that good.
Queen Eve: He actually paid you a visit? Or did he take his time to get here?
King Lacial: I guess a little of mine and a little of his. We also stumbled upon a very promising little kid. He may just be able to save our princess from those dragons. He's got a funny little goblin hat you see-
Queen Eve: Iiiinteresting... Have you found out anything about why she's been captured by that dragon?
King Lacial: Well... We found out that we got slapped around with one of our laws sweety.
Queen Eve: Oh?
King Lacial: Yes. That one law you wrote about dragons not being able to get near towers with princesses in them has backfired.
Queen Eve: What?! What happened?
Servant: They surrounded the tower in a 100ft radius. Then closed in together which made the tower spring up from its footing. And then... they just flew away with it.
Queen Eve: So, the restraining order made it so that it keeps towers away from dragons and not the other way around?
Servant: Exactly.
King Lacial: My head hurts.
Servant: That is probably the brightness of those new pink silken curtains.
Queen Eve: Sorry dear, but your old curtains just won't fit the ideas I’ve got for the throne room.
King Lacial: Still, you shouldn't use my head as a ladder dear. What would our neighbors think if they looked out of the window right now?
Queen Eve: No matter. That is what these thick curtains are for in the first place. Let's make some nice changes around here!

And so, they do! The blood on the walls is removed and the castle becomes a few tints brighter grey than it was before. Also due to a lot of law sorting, all of the kingdom is now much brighter and the weather much sunnier. A big cry of relief comes from the villagers in the city. Dogs come out to play again. Children no longer have to jump into the bonfires to keep them alive. Everything is finally back to an everyday life as it was about half a century ago.

Unfortunately for the Evil Wizard in the Evil Tower on the Evil Mountain which, of course, may or may not be actually Evil, it means that the thunderclouds above the tower are now also gone, and the bright sunlight suddenly starts to invade the shadows of the tower; showing it clearly needs some repainting. Still, the two evil spiders that were about to attack our heroes Seth and Twig in the last chapter is making a strong appeal towards evilness that would in the light of these new events consider the tower balanced towards neutrality.

Round One – Twig & Seth's turn.
Twig: Oh my, we're getting turns now?
Seth: I guess so.
Round One - Talking phase over. Action phase commencing.
Twig: Well, this is annoying.
And what's worse… It isn't me talking. How rude!
Seth: You must live in a strange world, narrator.
Round One – Action phase spent whining completed.

Proceeding to turn of the spiders.
Seth: Aw bullocks!
Twig: This can't be good. How much health points do we have anyway?
Seth: I have no clue but - Ouch - Now I have three less than before. I hope it is not that bad.
Twig: Ye-Ouch!-s, I hope so too. Glad I’ve got some poison damage resistance, elseway I'd be dead within three turns!
Round One Complete.

(Seth: Maybe we can talk through this as well?)
Entering Round Two.
(Twig: We can. That might prove to be useful.)

Round Two – Twig & Seth's Turn.
Twig: Yes, I guess it worked. This makes for very asocial behavior in the world though.
Seth: Why do people actually like this?
Round Two - Talking Phase Complete. Action Phase Commencing.
Twig: Action: Deals 3 damage to announcer.
Hey that hurts!
Seth: Action: Fireball deals 5 damage to announcer!
I'm unconscio-...
Seth: Well, that was easy. I guess he does not level. Just like you Twig!
Twig: We did waste a round though. Narrator, do your thing!

Thanks to Seth and Twig I can finally announce the true happenings of the battle. The spiders abuse the time Seth and Twig took to knock out the announcer by biting Seth together at the same time dealing 9+2 combo damage. This brings Seth to his knees, and he cries out in pain.

Seth: This seriously stings. But I am not poisoned at least. Nor crying.
Twig: Lucky you. But remember that when I die, I will respawn in the forest again. It will be a hell of a pain to get back.
Seth: But when I die, I will be gone forever. Right?
Twig: You'd disappear like all those other heroes. Well, after a while. Just after creatures like wolves can first eat the flesh off your-
Seth: Too graphical Twig. Too graphical.
Twig: Sorry. I seem to forget you're ten sometimes.

Seth pukes over a spider, due to internal organ failure. Dealing three acid damage.

Twig: Wow, that was awesome. Do it again?
Seth: I would rather not.
Twig: Well… Maybe it's asking too much of you, yeah. Hey, did you know this spider will slowly wrap you up first before eating you. And that the crunch of a spider of half an inch can already be heard loudly over five feet if you listen well?

Seth pukes less accidentally over the other spider. Dealing 5 damage - It's a critical hit!
The spider is also blinded in one eye. Meaning that half its attacks could miss!

Seth: Twig... Please stop.
Twig: Hey sure it's my time to attack anyway!

Twig grabs his knife and hits the second spider's other eye for two damage! The spider is completely blinded now! Wait I'm forgetting something. Oh yeah! Spiders have eight eyes. Woops.

Seth: ...
Twig: Ugh.

Sorry guys. Both spiders attack at the same time again. Hitting Twig for nine damage!

Twig: One more hit and I'm dead Seth. Got any good ideas?

Seth quickly observes his surroundings and starts to roadmap all possibilities of attacking in his mind.

Seth: I attack the second spider!
Twig: So... No ideas then?
Seth: Well technically I cannot do anything outside of my own turn, right? But… Have we ever followed everything the narrator suggested before?
Twig: No… Good point. So what now then?
Seth: I was about to attack!

Yes. Yes, you were. Seth charges at the second spider, hitting it with the Mop of Wetness for 4 damage and splashing one damage to the first spider!

Twig: O my Deity, that's witty.
Seth: What is?
Twig: Never mind. The spiders are attacking again.
Seth: Are you not going to attack first?
Twig: I’ve got a plan. Though I will most probably die if it fails.

Spider 1 and 2 are attacking again. Both charging at Twig (Sorry Twig).
Twig: Don't mention it. It's not like YOU could do something about it.
Indeed, I can’t. Spider 2 attacks and... misses! The 25% blinding chance worked. I can calculate quick if required! And spider 1 attacks for-
Twig: Hold on. COUNTER!
Huh? Err let me get the rule book for that.
Twig: Oh yes please take your time. It's not as if I'm in a rush.
Seth: What did you mean before, Twig?
Twig: Well... You were able to make a wand before the Balancing Staff helped out. You produced fireballs where no hero has ever thought of. None of those actions were ever in your action bar that sometimes oddly floated above your head. I can't explain it, but something isn't normal with you.
Seth: You mean other than an under-aged kid whose mother allows him to travel all over the world where 90% of the population wants to kill me?
Twig: Exactly.
Seth: If only I knew...
Ah yes, page 354 of the rulebook states that goblins have a 0.0001% chance to counter an attack.
Seth: Well, that is lucky...
Twig: Not really.
Seth: Huh?
Twig: Well, the last nine hundred and ninety thousand nine hundred and ninety-nine times it failed. So, it was a no-brainer really.
Seth: ...
Twig: What?
Seth: It just unnerves me that you would actually count that.
Twig: Heh... unnerves… likewise.

So yeah... Twig counterattacks the spider for its original damage, which was a critical hit! Twig would've been dead three times over! Now the spider is dead only one and a half times over! Congratulations, you won the fight!

Seth: No, we did not. There is one spider still standing!
Watch me cast this... “spell”!
Liver and onion on a Sunday morning on an empty stomach! See?
Twig: Meheheh, good one Narrator.
Seth: Bwerk!

Seth damages the second spider for another 2 acid damage!

Seth: I am feeling woosy.
Not to worry, because you have won!
Twig: Hurray for Seth's bowel movements!
Seth: I cannot really smile right now.

And while Twig and Seth tries to find food on the Evil Mountain which... You know the rest. We leave them for now to look at the renovated castle! All the thousands of ninja janitors have been busy night and day, literally, to make the castle look completely as if there isn't an evil ruler residing there!

Queen Eve: Now this looks a lot better. See how much everything improves when I come back to visit?
King Lacial: Yes dear…
King Lacial seems completely lost in thought. Queen Eve doesn't seem to notice.
Queen Eve: Now what about those sheds on the right side of our city. They're all dark and gloomy. They'll have to go.
King Lacial: Yes d... But dear, they have to live somewhere. And we can't afford new houses for them.
Queen Eve: I don't care. As long as they're an eyesore, they hurt our country's image. Away with them.
King Lacial: I'll see if I can perhaps relocate them to the mines or something dear.
Queen Eve: If you must. Also, about that blood on the wall. Why on earth did you ever start with that? It's disgusting! It makes us look like evil villains!
King Lacial: But it's ch-
Queen Eve: No, I don't even want to hear some silly explanation. It just had to go. Also, we should redo the whole throne room. Seriously, you’ve sat on the same throne all this time? You know, Queen Amidala switches thrones every two to three months depending on the season and her whims. We can't stay behind on these things.
King Lacial: But dear, the kingdom is so poor already, they finally started to flouri-
Queen Eve: Well, it's about time. You’ve had fifty years of ruling and see what a mess you’ve made of it!
King Lacial: But the economic downfall of your last visit almost killed all the people in our country!
Queen Eve: So what? The kingdom looked downright clean and perfect, didn't it?
King Lacial: That was because there was a 24-hour constant curfew. It just-
Queen Eve: Are we going to have this discussion again? I only come around once every fifty years, and after two hours you already whine as if I've never been gone.
King Lacial: I'm sorry.
Queen Eve: I love you very, very much dear. You know that right? I'm doing this all for you.
King Lacial: I know dear. I know. Just... don't kill too many of the people this time around, ok? It takes two generations to regrow the population.
Queen Eve: Yes, yes. I know how sentimental you are. What about us keeping at least a quarter of them alive?
King Lacial: Thanks dear.
Queen Eve: Do heroes matter? Do you still send the strong ones away while the ugly dance around the town naked?
King Lacial: Do with them as you please. I just generally send them to their deaths in the far west where the demons live.
Queen Eve: Hurray!


Chapter Twelve – Hospitality and Scenery
We find Seth and Twig actually inside the Evil Tower! Apparently, the food was nowhere to be found outside so they decided they are probably better off inside - and they are! A whole banquet is prepared for them by the Evil Wizard's servants who are all too happy to help. The servants are blue from top to bottom, and they have been imprisoned in the tower for generations. They tell Seth and Twig that they are quite happy to finally welcome some guests rather than be slayed by heroes who kill them on sight.

Twig: Why is it that those heroes kill everything in their sight? Is it just because of that precious experience or do they just hate anything else that lives so much?
Big Blue Creature: I guess that's the case, yes.
Blue Creature With Glasses: Well perhaps they're just stupid? I mean, humans have such a tiny brain. It's despicable.
Seth: Why thank you.
Big Blue Creature: He doesn't mean you. He just loves to rant random subjective facts all the time.
Blue Female Creature: It's awful. Just as he never wants to believe I've got blonde hair, but he claims its just a darker shade of 'yellow'!
Twig: Well, your hair is kind of yellowish.
Big Blue Creature: Don't even start. Next thing you know the discussion about our white pants not being a color starts once more.
Seth: Well, technically...
Everyone in the room except for Seth: Shut up!

After a lot of chicken soup and mushrooms later, the table is cleared by a big group of blue creatures that don’t have any significant features that would distinguish them from one another. Since this is quite common when a world needs to be populated quite fast by a lazy creator, no one ever notices nor care much. The people who do, however, usually end up in a fable or tale as they are themselves different from the big bunch of people who can easily be replaced by any other big bunch of people.
Once the cleaning is done Seth and Twig are then led to the bottom of the dungeon, and it looks quite homey at first glance.

Twig: This looks quite homey!
Seth: Yes, it is even well lit by the candles. No creepy pentagrams, auras or anything.
Twig: Nothing to imply there is a Wizard even.
Hero #1: HELP!
Seth: Well, there is the thing about those heroes on the sofas who do not seem to be able to leave.
Twig: Oh yeah... that.
Evil Wizard: Don't worry about that too much. I don't torture them.
Hero #2: We've been here for days! Help us!
Evil Wizard: Just give me the courtesy to explain my evil plan all right? After that you're free to do as you please.
Twig: All right.
Evil Wizard: This will just take a minute! You see, as I was just telling these heroes: When I was about a few weeks old, I started to wonder which of my limbs were for walking and which would be for grabbing things. I also wondered if I actually had any say in this. Furthermore, I wondered why I was able to think this at three weeks already, but then I decided that that was something to think about later. So, I looked at my left, as I usually did after looking at my right, and I saw the same scenery as I’ve seen before. A part of my bed. A chair. A curtain. And a lot of sunlight. It was, I thought, still somewhere early in the afternoon. However, not as early anymore as it was some seconds ago.
Seth: Are there any intermissions in this?
Hero #14: No there isn't. He's been on this for days. I'm just going to play something else. Bye!

And with that, another hero left the world as if he was never there. Never to be seen again.

Twig: It's unnerving every time I see that happening.
Seth: … Play?
Evil Wizard: So I tried to wiggle my left toe, and it sometimes did wiggle. Then I started to wonder if wiggling would actually be the right word for it since it went up and down. Fluctuating would have been more appropriate perhaps. Then I started wondering if when I would actually tell this story thirty years later, whether people would know the difference between wiggling and fluctuating in the first place. Do any of you know the difference? No? Anyway-
Hero #11: Let's do something else, anything but this!
Heroes #1 through 10 and 12: Hell yes!
Seth: Hell what?

On that note the other thirteen heroes disappeared in sync.

Evil Wizard: Aww, too bad. Another group of heroes who didn't seem to be able to endure a bit longer the cutscene before the big boss fight at the end. They're so ungrateful.
Seth: Well, you are telling it from quite an early moment, are you not?
Evil Wizard: Well, yes. That's my evil plan, see? As long as I'm telling my plot as I do now, you're unable to leave or do anything. So whenever another hero comes along, he can just join the cutscene where I tell about how this all came to be. Like when I was about four weeks old, I started to wonder if there was such a thing as good or evil. I mean if I were to become an evil wizard, as I was planning at that moment, I wouldn't be able to win against any hero for the sake of progress. Yet on the other hand, the heroes would be the bad guys as I never killed anybody ever. So it didn't matter if I started to live on an Evil Mountain in an Evil Tower, and that's why people know me as the Evil Wizard that may or may not be Evil. Though that's for everyone personally to decide at the end of the cutscene. However, first you have to know more about my life of course to get a clear picture. You see-
Seth: No.
Evil Wizard: ...What?
Seth: No. I do not need to know anything more about you. Actually, I am only interested in defeating you because King Lacial has asked me to.
Evil Wizard: Ah! But he's clearly evil, isn't he?
Seth: By someone's logic perhaps.
Twig: Well... Kinda by anyone's logic Seth.
Seth: Just give me a couple of hours to explain why he may not be evil. You see, when we were at the inn yesterday-
Evil Wizard: Stop! Please stop! I'm so bored!
Seth: But this is just a fraction of-
Evil Wizard: Please stop talking! Please! I concede! You win, I lose. Bring King Lacial this tome that teleports you to the dragons. I need a vacation from your endless chattering.
Seth: But you just…
Evil Wizard: No! Not a word. I'm so BORED! I’ll teleport you to the Kingdom of... What?'s entrance and I'm taking a vacation. GOODBYE!

And with that, Seth and Twig are surrounded by a flash of green light. Seth starts hovering and Twig can almost hear Seth complain about not being able to hear the wizard's incantation as it is the first spell he ever witnesses. They hover out of the wizard's window where they can see the whole Kingdom... and more!

Seth: Oh wow. This is actually worth it! North, we have the Kingdom of... What?
Twig: Yep, and to the west of us is the Forest where Jimmy is.
Seth: And look! Below that is my home!
Twig: Good to know it's still there. But look at the castle. Isn't it… different?
Seth: I am pretty sure the pink curtains are new.
Twig: Not to mention the color of the whole castle. It's white once more, rather than that dark grey. They must've sent the Janitors.
Seth: What is that to the east of the Kingdom of... What?
Twig: Whatever.
Seth: You do not care?
Twig: I do. Apparently there is a whole kingdom over there, but no hero is allowed to enter it. And because King Lacial got tired of the complaints of said heroes, he simply banished them from ever going there and waves away every mention of it. Hence, the Kingdom of... Whatever.
Seth: I see. And north we have the big sea. What is to the west then?
Twig: The lake of... uh I can't remember the name right now. I'll get back to you on that.
Seth: And what is that strange area next to it? The yellow area with the pink dots?
Twig: That's a farm. I won't spoil what the pink dots are.
Seth: Aww. Let us go there some time when we are bored.
Twig: Or being hunted down.
Seth: What?
Twig: Oh, I dunno... It's just that dying so often as I have done, it gave me some foresight of when the next time I die will be. I'm not sure if we can see each other after that.
Seth: Gloomy. What about after the farm?
Twig: That's where everything lives that can kill humans. It's the true Evil Mountains. This one is just a wannabe. Hordes of demons and peril await.
Seth: Is there magic?
Twig: Possibly.
Seth: Interesting…

After their descent down the 'Evil Mountain', Seth and Twig find themselves in the treelines next to the Evil Mountain with the Kingdom of... What? lying north of them.

Towns’ Idiot: So there you are. I've been looking all over for you guys. I have a message from the King!
Seth: We are pretty tired Mr. Towns’ Idiot. We want to go to sleep as soon as possible.
Towns’ Idiot: Oh, but you'd love this piece of information!
Twig: All right get on with it.
Towns’ Idiot: Okay here it goes, allow me to put on a loud voice for ambiance: "The Kingdom's People are revolting! Run Seth! Run Twig! Run for the hills! And dodge the dagger that comes from your right right nnnnnnnnow!~"

In a split-second, Seth ducks and he feels something cold and sharp swooping through his hair.

Twig: Oh man, I wish we would’ve gotten that message sooner.
Seth: Then the message would not have made sense! Let us run!

(Meanwhile at King Lacial and Queen Eve's common sleeping quarters. Let's just take a quick peek without them noticing us, eh?)
Queen Eve: Am I still the prettiest in all the land. My honeywonney?
King Lacial: You still are, by law even, my hillyvanillymilly.
Queen Eve: Are my eyes still a combination of sapphires and diamonds dancing in the light, my mufflehufflin?
King Lacial: Most certainly, my pookiewookwookie. Your hair is also as blonde as golden threads singing opera in the rain.
Queen Eve: And your beard is still as powerful as the hundred ancient mages I grinded up for you to use as shaving cream.
King Lacial: I'm almost as grateful as eighty of them still, my cutesytootsyqueeny.
Queen Eve: And your hair as manes from a baby lion who will conquer the world ten times more than you already have done, my powerwowerbulljiggle.

(And Servant doesn't dare to come out of the closet right next to them.)


Chapter Thirteen – Stabs and Horror
We find Seth and Twig just on the edge of the forest that lays just next to the City of... What? after a tremendous victory over the Evil Wizard who didn't feel like dying. However, seeing as this battle yielded not a single experience point, as well as no drops, perhaps calling the situation a rather unfortunate waste of time is more accurate.

The evening is still on route to Seth and Twig with its evil plot to cover them in darkness. They don't really seem to mind it, but the evening who conspires with the night to make Seth and Twig's life a little more grim is very keen on me mentioning this to you. I guess everyone needs some credit at some point, and this was theirs. Some shadows decides to join the plot also as it thickens around Seth and Twig, and starts to hide behind them where it is darkest because the moon, currently their only silent ally who loves to be mentioned as well, has trouble finding them. The treeline behind Seth and Twig chose to drop their leaves a while ago to contribute to making things more creepy. Though the shadows complained about it, because now they had less surface to cast their darkness on, the whole conspiracy proved so creepy already that all these elements were in agreement that in fact they didn't actually need some human shaped things hiding behind the bushes, leering out at Seth and Twig as well. And as such, would have preferred that the human shaped things would stop it immediately!

Twig: Man I'm glad this is over with. That tower was creepy!
Seth: It was creepy indeed. But do you remember us ascending any stairs? How did we manage to get to the highest floor?
Twig: Beats me. Probably magic involved to make it that way. Too bad you didn't ask the Evil Wizard to explain it to you.
Seth: Yeah. The couches did look cozy though.
Twig: Yeah, that's true. I think he managed to starve or scare away all of his enemies until we came around.

Some shivers and creeps suddenly decides to crawl up Seth's back, but failed to have any effect on Twig.

Seth: Something is not right here. It is rather creepy and quiet. And that is not usually the best combination.
Twig: Why?
Seth: Have you not read any books at all? There are countless books with horror stories that describe how people die in usually very secluded areas where they wandered off to. Usually following a sound and when it is all quiet then WHAM, death! I just hope this is not one of these moments. I am scared Twig.
Twig: You? Scared? Geez look at my health bar Seth! I have only got one hitpoint left before I kick the bucket!
Seth: Ok, that is true.
Deep Dark Voice: Gotcha.

A very heavy looking silhouette starts to advance towards the place where Seth and Twig are standing. Before Twig could react, a nasty looking shuriken hit his head.

Twig: Hey that isn't supposed to go in th- ....
Seth: NO! TWIG!
Deep Dark Voice: What'cha gonna do about it boy?
Another Deep Dark Voice: It's just a little kid. Why is his bounty so high?
Deep Dark Voice: I dunno. But the reward scroll really stated: "Kill the Evil Wizard. By Poetic Death, or Alive but bathed", so be careful!
Another Deep Dark Voice: Ok, I get it.
Seth: You.. *sniff* You guys killed my only friend! *Sniff* You bastards!
Deep Dark Voice: Hey! My parents were married long before-
Another Deep Dark Voice: He probably means we're jerks, Jeb.
Jeb: Oh, thanks for clearing that up, Warren.
Warren: That little Goblin was worth a single copper piece though. That little kid is worth five gold!
Jeb: Oh my! That will sure feed us until the end of the year!
Warren: Let's get him!
Seth: Wait a minute. Who are you guys? Are you .. Heroes?
Warren: Aye! We're on a quest to destroy the dragon with the Crystal Sword of Epicness that is said to be in the Cave of More or Less Return!
Jeb: We have survived flies, rats, spiders, dwarfs, wolves and we were about to fight the Evil Wizard in the Evil Tower! Which is you!
Seth: No, that is not me. I am a Mage, not a wizard. Not very good, but not evil. We defeated the Evil Wizard just now. What makes you think he would be outside his Evil Tower on the Evil Mountain that is actually more neutral than evil?
Warren: Well... Must he always be around? No. And we just came from the mountain, he ain't there.  The final evidence we needed was that evil goblin beside you. So you must be him!
Seth: Huh? Do you guys have teleportation or something? We just came from there and did not see you on the way back at all.
Warren: Sure we have teleportation! We can just go back to the lower level areas in an instant.
Seth: Why can I not do such things? I am an adventurer too so I should be able to, right? And what do you mean "lower level areas"?
Jeb: Yes, of course you should be able to! The forest is level one to ten. The City of... What? level 11-20, and the Tower level 21-30!
Seth: And the Dwarves?
Jeb: Huh? Dwarves?
Warren: Is that a side quest?
Jeb: No, I looked it up. There is nothing here about dwarves!
Warren: He's just trying to confuse us Jeb. Let's get him!
Seth: You guys killed my only friend in this world. And you talk about it as if you are on a "quest"?
Warren: Well... yes, we are! It was on the big notice board in the middle of the city!
Jeb: It didn't show us where to go on the minimap though... That was odd.
Seth: Minimap? What are you guys talking about?
Warren: Don't you have it? It's just at the top of the screen!
Seth: No? There is nothing in the air! Come to think of it, I used to have buttons flying there once... but they disappeared too.
Jeb: I guess you're glitchy then?
Seth: No. I am perfectly fine! How can one even be glitchy?
Warren: Soon, not anymore you're not. Have at ye!

The hero Warren charges at Seth, who had quickly equipped his Mop of Wetness while in conversation. A clash of dagger and mop commenced, splashing Warren for no damage at all.

Jeb: Look at that. He is only like level seven? What a noob.
Warren: Oh my god really? How in the hell did he get past those wolves then? We had to be at least level ten to even hurt them. And once we were finished with them, we were at least level twelve right?
Jeb: Yeah. Sounds about right.
Seth: You guys killed Jimmy and his friends?? HOW COULD YOU!

Seth splashes some more water on Warren. Again for no damage. Still, Warren doesn't seem to be able to successfully hit Seth either. Seth's rage seems to make him able to dodge the attacks faster than Warren can lash out.

Jeb: I'll help you Warren.
An arrow flies past Seth's head. He seems to have lost a couple of hairs, but no injuries are inflicted yet.
Seth: You guys massacre creatures as if they are nothing. And you have magical abilities! I will crush you!~
Jeb: Haha, with a mop? Maybe a mob of wolves would work better for you, you evil wizard!
Seth: Shut up, shut up, shut up!!

Seth throws his mop as hard as he can towards the hero Jeb, who fails to dodge the it due to laughing so hard about Seth's misfortune. Perhaps he shouldn't have done that, because the mop landed in his mouth with painful speed and accuracy. Still no damage, however.

Warren: Haha! How could you not dodge that mop?
Jeb: *gurgle*
Warren: Haha! Look at you. Still laughing , with a mop in your mouth.
Seth: ... Are you all right Jeb?
Warren: Huh? Why wouldn't he be all right boy? Worry more about me slicing you open. Have at ye!
Another thrust from Warren's weapon misses, but Seth is still looking at Jeb.
Seth: Jeb, take the mop out of your mouth now! It is dangerous!
Warren: Huh? Don't mind him. You're fighting against me Seth!
Seth: Look at Jeb, Warren!

Warren sees that Jeb's head has turned purple. Due to his laughing he doesn't have the strength to hold his crossbow, nor to keep his arms up to take the mop out of his mouth. A few moments later Jeb crashes to the floor, grasping his throat for air.

Warren: What... What happened?
Seth: The mop has an infinite supply of water. It seems the mop water has made it into his lungs.
Warren: But that means...
Seth: He is currently drowning. Yes.
Warren: But... No! Wait! This is a hardcore game. He will die! He will never be able to return to this game!
Seth: This is not a game Warren. This is a real world. There are no levels. Just us and the wilderness.
Warren: Of course it is! We all started at the same point right? In Hope Falls, fighting flies and rats and receiving quests from the Elder.
Seth: Huh? No. You guys started from Mom's house in Bathvil, just like me right? You guys appeared in front of our doorstep all the time when I still lived there.
Warren: What... are you? We could never get into that house how ever hard we tried. It's just a house to fill up the ambiance!
Seth: I am a human, just like you. Seth is the name. I came from the village called Bathvil and I want to become a Mage!
Warren: Dude, you can only become a warrior in this game, with the choice of a huge amount of diverse swords and sword skills to choose from!
Seth: Do you see a sword on me?
Warren: No...
Seth: Do you not see me taking out this scroll of which I have no idea what it does, and try to cast the spell upon you?
Warren: But you are the evil wizard who killed my friend, who-
Seth: What about your friend? You were here to kill me right? That gives me the right to defend myself. You killed Twig, I killed Jeb. Why did you not try to save him?
Warren: Evil wizard ! You were distracting me with your silver tongue! Jeb, noo!

A moment later Jeb's body vanishes, never to be seen again. The mop lays still on the ground minding his own business with the moon; who enjoys flickering on the water that the mop produced for him.

Seth: And now I cast... This spell!
A little light rise up from the letters on the scroll, and as the scroll is bathed in light it starts to change into... a sword. Seth lets out a cry of frustration.
Seth: Oh wow. Great humor, Balancing Staff! Sure, give Seth a sword spell. That would be completely hilarious...
Warren: ...
Seth: Do not mind me and my grudge.
Warren: ... Ok?
Seth: Now where were we... Oh yes! Fighting! For just this once, I swear I will use this sword until it breaks! Maybe I will actually become a fighter and give up on becoming a Mage!

Seth charges at Warren with his newly acquired sword. The sword itself is from an unknown substance. Seth just hopes it holds against the steel dagger Warren is holding in his right hand. The sword clashes with the dagger and breaks in half!
Seth: What the...

A black vapor emerges from the broken sword and starts to take form of a black bat with blood red eyes. The rest of the broken sword becomes a small, black bracelet around Seth's left hand.

Warren: Holy crap... What is that?
Seth: That is a bat.
Warren: A bat? I haven't seen one before in my life in this game.
Seth: There are more of them up in the Evil Tower I think.
Warren: I definitely should go and visit it then. I would love a bat as a companion pet.
Seth: So are you letting me go?
Warren: Hell no, you're unarmed now!
Seth: Fiddlesticks.
Warren charges towards Seth, and all Seth can do is to protect his head with his arms and wish for a better outcome. The dagger slits his arm for three damage!
Warren: There we go. Die little kid!
Before Warren can charge again, the bat flies up to Warren's face and bites him in his nose for... 4 damage!
Warren: Ouch what the...
And that's not all! The bat flaps towards Seth and red bubbly light surrounds Seth, healing him for two life points!
Seth: Thank you Richard. You just saved my life.

Seth nods gratefully towards the sky. The moon feels flattered that someone calls him by his name and thanks him finally after all these millennia. Before Seth, there was only one person that was able to figure out the moon's name, but that jerk nicked his name tag and used it as his own. Time to sleep soon, the moon thought, and starts to move slowly but steadily down towards the horizon.

Warren: You're cheating! It can't be anything else!
Seth: I cannot cheat. This is all real, Warren.
Warren: This isn't real life!
Seth: I grew up here Warren. For ten long years I have waited to become a Mage. And now I am finally on my path to become one because... I finally have my first spell! Yay!

Seth starts to jiggle a little in the moonlight, and the bracelet reflects some of the light towards the shadows. The shadows didn't really like that gesture, but couldn't do anything about it. They felt defeated. Not that the bracelet, Seth, nor anyone else cared, they thought resentfully.

Warren: Well... I can still kill you.
Seth: No, I calculated the outcome already. If you keep on slicing me with that dagger and my bat keeps feeding off you, eventually you'll die first with me having three hitpoints left.
Warren: But what if I had... Two daggers?
Seth: Oh no...

Oh yes! The one dagger was just Warren's way of saying Seth was an easy fight! He quickly draws his dagger that is apparently made of obsidian judging from the moonlight shining on the weapon. Thanks moon!

Warren: Now to finish this!
Familiar Voice: Hold it!
Another Voice: Awoo!
Warren: What the...

From the forest emerges a four legged creature, almost like a horse jumping over a fence into the fray. On the four legged creature is a silhouette of a dark knight with yellow eyes glaring from the dark at Warren, sizing him up. Warren does the same, but fails to notice the awesomeness and only sees a small goblin on a wolf cub.

Twig: You killed me and my friends, prepare to die.
Warren: Huh?
Seth: Oh my, a zombie!
Warren: Is that... a necromanic wolf cub?
Twig: What? No dude, I respawned! And so did the cub.
Warren: Uhh... So the wolves we killed in the forest?
Twig: Well they're not happy, but also not quite dead.
Warren: This is heracy!
Seth: I think you mean "hearsay", technically. Unless you go to the forest again, as you cannot know for certain whether he is telling the truth or not.
Warren: You guys undermine the rules of this game!
Seth: Stop with this game nonsense! Twig, do you know what he is talking about?
Twig: Huh? Oh that's something heroes have to keep telling themselves to keep them motivated and/or same. Don't worry about it.
Seth: Ok...
Warren: I can't seem to win this battle. I'm leaving now.
Seth: Err...
Twig: No.
Warren: What? You don't leave me be?
Twig: No, you killed me. I kill you. That's how this world works.
Warren: No it doesn't.
Twig: For me it does. Look at the sky mr. Err. What is your name?
Warren: Warren.
Twig: Look at the sky Warren. The moon salutes you for the last time. The stars came out to behold your death. And look how quiet it is around you. There is no other outcome.
Warren: You're creeping me out Goblin! Leave me alone!

Warren's fear apparently gets the best of him, because he tries to run inside the forest again to hide; at least from the moon. The moon isn't too happy with that and uses all his light to keep an eye inside the forest.

Seth: He is running away Twig. Let us just leave him be.
Twig: No. Not tonight. Not when someone kills me. Not when I brought Sally all the way here. I did not rush just to see someone leave.
Sally: Woof. Awooo!
Seth: Why can I not understand Sally?
Twig: She's into roleplaying. So she prefers just to speak wolf.
Seth: Ok. Nice to meet you still, Sally.
Sally: Arf arf, awooo!
Seth: So, how are you planning to kill this Warren guy?
Twig: Just listen to the narrator.
Seth: I missed you and your weird notions Twig.
Twig: I would not want to miss our future conversations for the world, Seth.
I missed you as well! Thanks Twig for this opportunity.

Twig dramatically gets off Sally and grabs a small bolt out of his pouch, a pouch that Seth hasn't seen before. He should ask about it later, he thought. From the pouch, Twig picks one single bolt that appears to shine in all kinds of colors. From the shadows' perspective it were the colors red, blue and light green. He picks up the crossbow that is apparently left as a drop under the Mop of Wetness. He puts the bolt gently on the crossbow and aims for the forest. Here the moon has a vital role to play because it shows Twig that Warren isn't in fact running deeper into the forest, but walking slowly about a hundred meters further along the treeline. Twig placed the bow in eye height and aimed for poor Warren. The trigger is pulled and the bolt screamed silently through the night sky, hitting Warren in the butt cheek.

Warren: Oww! What was that? A bolt? A bronze bolt even, that's like three damage. Ha! What the...
+10 Pierce Damage
+10 Fire Damage
+10 Ice Damage
+10 Acid Damage
+10 Dark Damage
+10 Electric Damage
+10 Poison Damage
+10 Light Damage

Warren falls to the floor, defeated, with his body covered in blisters, his fingers and toes frozen, and there isn't much left of his butt cheek due to the acid. A few moments later Warren also disappears into the night, as if he never existed. His last words were: "Why didn't I take the red pill to heal myself?". Poor Warren.

Seth: .... What was that bolt?
Twig: Magically enchanted. I only had one of those. I used up all my hero kill points to save up for these... special occasions.
Seth: Wow...
Twig: How about you? What happened while I was gone?
Seth: I drowned Jeb.
Twig: Who's Jeb?
Seth: The hero you didn't see in the forest.
Twig: Ah... drowned? How did you do that?
Seth: I flung the mop towards him and he laughed himself to death by swallowing the mop, thereby choking himself.
Twig: That's... Dark Seth.
Seth: Well, I forgot about the respawning stuff. I was mad. I also have a bat now.
Twig: Wow! Awesome, what does it do?
Seth: It feeds me health points by sucking my enemies dry.
Twig: That... is... awesome!
Seth: The scroll turned into a sword first though.
Twig: Haha! Oh my Deity. Did the Balancing Staff put an illusion spell on it to trick you?
Seth: Sounds like him.
Twig: Yes...
Seth: What about that pouch though?
Twig: I bought it from the Monster shop for a few hero kill points as well. It's baby-skin.
Seth: And you call my bat evil?
Twig: Hey, babies are not evil! They are the monster equivalent of a cute rabbit pouch!
Seth: As long as you do not wear human... masks...
Twig: I'd never! As long as you won't use me as a mask ever either!
Seth: Ok, I promise.
Twig: I wonder what's happening in the castle right now.

Meanwhile at the Cas— Oh, you were already doing my job. Good. Thanks.
Twig: Always nice to be of help.
Well all right I'll give you one extra minute.
Twig: Hey, let's go to the town. I'm tired!
Seth: We cannot. There might be more people thinking I am the Evil Wizard, and attack us for the bounty.
Twig: Hmm... Well I guess we should go to a pidgeon farm then.
Seth: For what?
Twig: Well, I figured since I saw my parents a few moments ago in passing that you might want to tell Yuna and your Mom-
Seth: She prefers to be called Lisa.
Twig: Ok... what the hell? Well all right, Lisa. Let's be off then!

Meanwhile at the Castle!
Queen Eve: Would you like some more pumpkin pie dear?
King Lacial: No, I'm stuffed.

Chapter Fourteen – Pigeons and Lemonade
Now, dear reader, that we've journeyed a long way together, let us summarize Seth's remarkable achievements thus far:
- Punched a Town Elder
- Left his home village
- Did not kill a goblin
- Skipped fighting fifty wolves
- Went sightseeing in the 'sewers'
- Got bathtub-water from a king
- Stepped on some spiders
- Managed to stop an evil wizard within minutes
- Becomes increasingly too weak to survive, as he progresses to places he isn't ready for

Yet, some people still claim this story is awesome.
Oh, and he killed a dusty grandma, completely obliterating the illusion that he is a good hero. And from here on the story continues!

Seth just got rid off some pesky heroes who would've almost certainly ruined his breakfast the next day, as well as all other future breakfasts. These heroes named Seth an evil wizard, which would have hurt his hero status if not for Seth's quick decisive action to kill both of them; which is one way to deal with false rumours. Seth who is still accompanied by the late, and returned, Twig, decides that it is perhaps better to take refuge somewhere other than the castle in the City of... What? They consider the Swordery of Yuna at first, but they quickly conclude that being surrounded by swords, and people who can use those swords to kill them in their sleep, wouldn't be the most cunning of all possible options. They follow the forest and riverside a few miles west before something strange and mysterious happens!

Seth: We have been walking for hours, I am getting tired Twig.
Twig: It's only a couple of miles more. A couple of random encounters would've been nice though.
Seth: Random encounters?
Twig: You know... those things heroes get while walking. Some strange man handing them something useful, or some monsters to kill, or some clues for a mini quest perhaps?
Seth: That sounds rather dull. Would that not get predictable over time?
Twig: Well it seems that as long as it happens a couple of hundred times, other heroes don't seem to mind as much though.
Seth: I blame Stockholm syndrome for that. Heroes probably start loving it, like those heroes earlier with their long lists of stuff to kill. I imagine I would have become just like them if I had accepted the first quest from that lady at the entrance to the City of... What?
Twig: What was that quest though?
Seth: I cannot remember. It was dull.
Twig: Meh.
Seth: Perhaps we are not getting any random encounters because you are around?
Twig: What do you mean? Haven't we had several random encounters?
Seth: Like what?
Twig: Like... Those heroes?
Seth: Do heroes even count as random encounters? Heroes meeting other heroes is not really random... And they would not give each other quests?
Twig: What about the Grandma? Or the wolves? ... Or the guards?
Seth: Maybe that old granny getting lost was just a fluke? I cannot imagine hundreds of old grannies appearing in random encounters to all the heroes that we have seen. And I did not kill any wolves, remember? And the guards... Well, they fought each other!
Twig: Richard? Not to mention the spiders?
Seth: Richard? But we never had a fight! And those spiders were not random, they were part of the quest to vanquish the Evil Wizard in the Evil Tower on the Evil Mountain that may or may not be Evil... Maybe you are the random encounter I have got to deal with before I can receive another?
Twig: Are you thinking of killing me Seth?
Seth: No, no, not at all. Just make sure you do not anger me in the future though... I found a few insults in some of my books that will depress you to the bone, and make you suffer a lot more than those heroes back there did. So I can always use that if you like instead?
Twig: Sometimes you really are scary Seth...
Seth: I am practicing my villain skills. Those heroes got me thinking... What if I can only become a Mage if I turn evil? I am not very good at it though.
Twig: Considering how dark you just were and how much you just creeped me out, what makes you think you wouldn't be good at it?
Seth: Well, I do not get the appeal of being evil. I mean... you can kill everyone and anything around you for poops and giggles. Just doing bad things for the sake of status without ulterior motives that makes the risk of being vilified and being slayed by heroes worth it. I cannot seem to grasp the mindset.
Twig: Alittletenyearoldboysaidwhat?
Seth: What?
Twig: Exactly, now just stay out of your head for a while and look around you. Strange things are afoot.
Seth: I do not understand?
Twig: Good, that's how you should be at that age. Now prepare to be amazed.
Seth: But... AH!

Indeed! Twig is completely right. Everything around them starts to change drastically!

Twig: Seth, this is normal. Winter... is coming.
Seth: I have never seen this before in my life!
Twig: Nah, they skip the small boring villages, but the winter does change the forest and the City of... What? I guess they think the small towns aren't worth seeing.
Seth: Who are they?
Twig: Dunno... Weather Gods perhaps?
Seth: Are there any Magic Gods?
Twig: Don't keep your hopes up on that one.
Seth: Aw bullocks.

Ahem! Yes! Everything is changing around them. Small bushes suddenly become a darker variant, and a few seconds later there is snow on them. Tree leaves disappear and all the branches and twigs are covered in snow within minutes. Suddenly some deer spawn next to them. The bucks with huge antlers and the does with... red and white scarves? Not really natural, but it fits into the scene. The horizon changes as well; nightfall turns into a beautiful sunrise instantly where the sky is a little pink, slowly transitioning to a blue hue.

Seth: Beautiful.
Twig: Yes it is... I remember watching this with my old girlfriend.
Seth: You had a girlfriend?
Twig: Yes, have I never told you about that? She was called Leaf.
Seth: That figures...
Twig: Hey, goblins aren't really good at making up names ok!
Seth: Sorry, I meant no offence.
Twig: Some taken.
Seth: Well... excuse me?
Twig: No, that would mean you would walk away from me this instant right?
Seth: Ok, ok. Please act like a grown up and tell me about Leaf?
Twig: Leaf was a beautiful goblin girl. We met each other at a bar-
Seth: The same bar where-
Twig: Yes, yes. The same bar where I met Jimmy and the Balancing Staff. Stop interrupting me. She was a barmaid there, and we started talking. She was always fascinated by birds; so around this time we would sometimes see birds appearing or disappearing, depending on what type of birds they were. Some would actually change from one type into another mid-air! This place by the river was our secret spot.
Seth: I see. So where is she now?
Twig: Right there!
Seth: You timed this. You must have.
Twig: Mayyybe...

Perhaps it is a mere coincidence, perhaps not, but right in front of them out of the blue a huge building appears out of nowhere. Suddenly the quiet sounds of the river are overwhelmed by a huge amount of wings flapping through the sky. Hundreds, perhaps thousands, of pigeons emerge out of thin air, departing from the big building. Seth sees that some pigeons have small pieces of paper on their feet; a message system, he thought. When he looks closer, he also sees some pigeons with standard messages like "I love you" tattoo'd on their feathers. Some carry small packages with ink and quills, apparently for the receiver to use to reply, and he even sees some small flocks of pigeons carrying a few typewriters across the sky.

Seth: Amazing.
Twig: Heh... you should see them carrying the machines that print newspapers.
Seth: ... My head hurts.
Twig: That's the toll of taking a gallon of bird excrement without a poo deflecting umbrella. Let's head inside quickly.

Once inside they see hundreds, no, thousands of bird houses covering all of the walls around them. Even the counters, the tables, the chairs are all made of bird houses. Not a single square inch seems to be unused in some way.

Seth: Hmm I wonder where the paper comes from...
Twig: Funny story actually. She mixes the bird poo with the twigs from the forests that the birds bring her. See those plateaus up there?
Seth: Yes?
Twig: Well, when enough pigeons sit on it, the plateaus circle around each other and create a screw-twirl movement. Then it grinds down all the bird poo and twigs together into fine paper maché for everyone to enjoy writing on!
Seth: Woah... That is awesome!
Twig: Yes it is. And look over there!
Seth: The creature covered in twigs?
Twig: That's my wife!
Seth: Wait... what!? You said you were not married a few chapters ago.
Twig: Well... It's because our relationship is... complicated.
Seth: You really want my brain to start activating again?
Twig: Go ahead.
Seth: All right, allow me to ponder upon the upcoming explanatory endorsements.
Twig: Nevermind.
Seth: That is what you required of me right?
Twig: Meh, let me try to explain; Leaf always wanted to raise pigeons, but the market was apparently bad in other seasons. Heroes can message each other instantaneously, so there was no real need for a Pigeonary. Also, she preferred to stay young as long as possible, and to be honest... I don't mind it that much.
Seth: So, that is the opposite of me then. I would love for people to stop looking at me like I am just a small, unknowing kid. I prefer to be looked at as a small, knowing kid.
Twig: I see. How you continue to amaze me... So, Leaf figured it was best to just be alive one season of the year. That's why she set up a winter-themed shop so that the world would flicker her out in spring and add her back whenever the winter theme comes out and people start to feel nostalgic enough to send out mail by pigeon.
Seth: Awesome!
Leaf: And awesome is my middle name. Hiii Twiggy, how have you been in the last nine months? It's as if I saw you yesterday.
Twig: It loses it's wit after using it two hundred times too many sweetey, but I don't love you less for it.
Leaf: Aww, I love you too. By the way, have a big, pink blanket to keep you warm, Twig's friend. I will work in the background for a while. Feel free to have a look around this place, you're safe here.

Twig and Leaf take their sweet time to... reacquaint, so Seth spends his time walking around the Pigeonary. He notices there is much more to it than at first glance; in the back, there is a "Hero Point" shop. Well, that's what the sign says at least. Seth vaguely remembers that Twig said something about it. Looking around some more, he sees a Swordery? "That can't be good", he thinks to himself and draws his wand, charging at the door. It is a critical hit! To both the door, and his shoulder.

Seth: Dieeouch!
The pain causes Seth to go momentarily blind.
Mysterious Voice: What's this all about? What have you done to my door? And why do you have a pink blanket on. Aren't you a guy?
Seth: My head hurts.
Mysterious Voice: Yeah I can see that. Here have a healing potion.
Seth: Thanks.
Mysterious Voice: So, the breaking in part?
Seth: I want you to stop this shop. You are ruining the business of... of...
Mysterious Voice: Of...?
Seth: My...
Mysterious Voice: Future remarried wife?
Seth: Huh? Wait... Yuna?
Yuna: Aww you figured me out. Hi Seth, you missed me huh?
Seth: No, no. Of course I did not!
Yuna: You're blushing, so sweet!
Seth: Argh! Ok, I surrender.
Yuna: Good. I missed you too.
Seth: Thanks, sorry for my... falling in. It was just... I really want you to be able to repay your drinking debt.
Yuna: So we can be together again?
Seth's head turns red.
Seth: Maybe... But that is something for the future me to think about? I mean... You are still in debt right?
Yuna: Yes. So that still keeps us apart?
Seth: Well... You did drink all the lemonade in Bathvil when I was thirsty...
Yuna: I know... I told you a thousand times I was sorry about that. But I'm feeling better now!
Seth: Let us just... Let me adventure some more still. I will come back to you eventually. You are the only one I have fancied anyway.
Yuna: That's... a relief. Thanks Seth.
Seth: You are welcome. So why are you here then?
Yuna: I've done some networking. I figured since you just befriended goblins like it was nothing, why can't I? There's a huge market apparently with sending swords via mail. Perhaps I'll even make people bid on weapons, and the highest bidder wins!
Seth: Oh, that is a great idea. Then you just force heroes to use their greed and thirst for competition!
Yuna: Please don't say the word thirst. You know what kind of power that has over me. Even today still...
Seth: Sorry. I will try to rip that word out of my vocabulary for the time being, but that is a great idea! Perhaps you could even make people offer their own stuff for money, and charge like 5% of the price they try to get for their stuff! Then you make money while you sleep!
Yuna: Yeah, I could do that! But let's see how this goes first. I mean.. It takes a lot of pigeons to even get a typewriter to a person, imagine a suit of armor...
Seth: So will you stay here for the time being? I see you have upgraded your Shed.

In the background of Yuna's HUGE shop is the good old wooden sword shed, made of wooden swords. Though this time there was a bigger shed next to it made of iron swords.

Yuna: Yeah... I'm improving in my skills as well; I might even pick up armor smithing. The furnace here is bird poo-powered and there's an unlimited supply, so I can start on working bigger pieces of metal. Also, I have a present for you...
Seth: Another present? The wand already was enough. I still have not been able to cast spells yet. Though I feel I am ever getting closer.
Yuna: What did Richard's scroll do then?
Seth: It gave me this bracelet. It turns into a bat in combat that steals life from my enemies.
Yuna: That's... Flippin awesome!
Seth: I know right? It was a very dark time in my past when I used it though.
Twig: That was about twenty minutes ago.
Seth: Still the past.
Twig: Meh.
Leaf: So I see you've met Yuna then?
Seth: Yeah, she is my ex wife though.
Leaf: Oh, isn't that wonderful.
Twig: It really isn't usually with ex wives right?
Seth: Well, our circumstance is... special. We are both working towards being together again in the future.
Yuna: That's how we feel right now anyway.
Twig: Well then, Seth. Let's stay here for a while. Wanna see the hero point shop?
Seth: Sure! It will be fun!
Twig: I'd say. Let's walk to that place right away!

Meanwhile at the Castle.
Queen Eve: See? And that's how you make sure only the pretty people walk outside in your kingdom.
King Lacial: FAMINE?! Why not just give them dental?
Queen Eve: Of course not silly, dentists are too expensive! I did, however, bring the best dentist in the world with me to make your teeth as white as can be of course.
King Lacial: Please no.

Poor King Lacial. I mean... the townspeople. Yeah... Poor townspeople...

Back to Seth and Twig.
Twig: See? Here we are.
Seth: That sure was a short walk.
Twig: Yup, but there's plenty you can do in seconds.
Seth: Like what?
Twig: I dunno.. Intermissions perhaps?
Seth: Err...
Twig: So yeah... Here we are!

The hero point shop is a lot smaller than Yuna's Iron Sword-shed, or even the Swordery. There is a lot of creepy stuff around, and it seems that all of it is meant to be used to kill humans... While scanning around, Seth see things like extra sharp hoofs, strong metallic antlers, and titanium teeth? Seth shivers.

Seth: So all this stuff is obtained by killing off heroes? That is quite gruesome.
Twig: Yeah, it helps out a lot to survive... and to kill. Look, here are the bolts I used. I get 10 points per hero-level from the hero I kill. The bolts are 500 points each, so that hero wasn't worth the points. It was very satisfying though!
Seth: It would just be overpowered if you indefinitely gained enough points to keep buying them though.
Twig: I guess that's true. They're useful in a pinch.
Seth: A pinch of revenge that is.
Twig: Hehe...

Moving further into the shop, they see all kinds of more deadly things: Cobweb armors (Seth: Hey! Was that not harvested from the granny I killed? | Twig: Ssh, narrating going on), extended claws, all kinds of decorative evil-looking stuff, ooze-coating, and there was a pit full of magma; probably to decorate dungeons or something. They stop walking when they stand exactly in front of the shopkeeper.

Twig: Can I see my hero points, please?
Shopkeeper: Sure, here's a chart. Would you like to check yours as well, Sir?
Seth: Huh?
Twig: Cool, I got 1733 points left! I could go with either more cute eyes, cat ears, panda scarf, or perhaps even that cobweb armor!
Shopkeeper: That cobweb armor price has doubled though. Not too many people killing grannies these days.
Seth: Sorry, I did... not kill enough of them?
Shopkeeper: Meh, not your fault. Here's your point chart.
Twig: Huh?
Seth: Woahh... 520 points? How on earth did I receive that?
Twig: What the..
Seth: But... But...

As of this moment, Seth's brain starts to work full time. It takes a few minutes before he manages to talk and move again. Even though Twig kept stepping on his toes and screamed in his ears in the meantime. The shopkeeper joined for the fun of it.

Seth: All right so... I seem to travel a lesser walked path, I have been able to evade almost all life threatening events other than that I got a goblin for an ally, averted almost all of the quests King Lacial forced upon me, and I seem to be able to kill off other heroes for points. What does that make me Twig?
Twig: An NPC perhaps?
Seth: What is an NPC?
Twig: A non-playing character. They're the worst of all people around here.
Shopkeeper: Hey...
Twig: Utterly useless, living a completely boring life, constantly doing the same things, saying the same words over and over again.
Shopkeeper: Hey!
Twig: Aimlessly walking around the world, minding ' their own business', filling up the void heroes feel in their social lives; even though they blink in and out of existence all the time.
Shopkeeper: I've got feelings you know...

The shopkeeper walks to the corner of the store to sob in peace.

Twig: That's also something though, you should vanish out of existence from time to time if you were a hero. But... You haven't yet, right?
Seth: Err... Not that I know of.
Twig: Or maybe you're one of those entities like Balancing Staff, that have taken shape in the form of Seth the mage, a fictional roleplaying character in their own world?
Seth: Stop saying stuff that do not make sense to me! How did I get those points then?
Twig: Well, that's less of a mystery perhaps. You see, it could be that the dwarves you didn't kill are sharpening their axes in celebration of you.
Seth: Is that even possible?
Twig: Or Richard...
Seth: I do not even know how you came to that conclusion, but it will make sense when it does. There are those other two people I killed though... And perhaps those people who disappeared on the couch counted as well?
Twig: I doubt it.
Seth: So... What am I?

Yes... What is Seth exactly? What twisted mind has brought Seth into this odd situation, and how will Seth fill up this void where he had the illusion that he perhaps was a hero just like everybody else in this world? You will have more luck figuring this out in the next chapter of... Spellbent.

Seth: Shoot! I forgot to ask Yuna about that present!


Chapter Fifteen – Deception and Manure
We find our heroes in the Pigeonary a few miles south-west from the City of... What?, and golly these past few chapters have been quite exciting! Seth obtained his first 'spell' (which he got from Richard), Twig is reunited with his one true love Leaf, Seth's ex-wife Yuna had her wooden Swordery upgraded to an iron Swordery and moved into Leaf's Pigeonary, and last but not least: Seth is about to receive his present from Yuna! I'm on the edge of my seat! I cant wait to see how the plot continues to develop.

Seth: ... Wow, I thought this was just randomness altogether.
Twig: Well, there has been some character growth at least. Though I will probably stay level 1 forever. What is your level right now Seth?
Seth: I have no way to check. I am getting more muscular occasionally. But I have no use for them. Why are you hiding behind the counter?
Twig: I'm changing.

Twig climbs on the counter and shows off his new attire.

Twig: Look! Leaf gave me a new outfit. It's all dark-ish blue instead of brown and I'm actually wearing cute little shoes now!
Seth: Those shoelaces are indeed adorable.
Twig: Made of rabbitskin. It's so soft. If only this was silky human ba-
Seth: -Allow me to stop you right there.
Twig: Oh yeah... Ethical reasons, right? Humans can kill anything they like and wear them as a hat and no one is disgusted. You're racist, Seth.
Seth: You are right. I apologize. Shall we just avoid the baby talk at the very least, as a compromise?
Twig: Fine by me.
Yuna & Leaf: Aww...
Seth: So what can we do now? It has been wonderful to stay here for a couple of days. But since there has not been a pigeon with a single magic scroll even, I would love to explore to see if there is anything hidden in the far reaches of the world.
Twig: Didn't we get more quests from King Lacial? I feel like we forgot half of the assignments he sent us out for.
Seth: There has always been the quest from King Lacial where we could save the princess who was kidnapped by dragons...
Not to mention that big war I forecasted in Chapter 1.
Twig: I so forgot all about that. Wait, was I even there yet?
But don't fret! The writer of this story didn't!
Writer: Nope.
See? That's pure confidence people! Let's completely skip the part where his answer could be interpreted in two different ways! Also... I thought I was the all-knowing writer?
Writer: Nope.

I think I have an existential crisis brewing. Let's just go back to the Pigeonary and see what happens.

Yuna: Seth, I got you a present!
Seth: Really? That is awesome! Just do not let it be a sword.
Yuna: No, don't worry about that. I know how much you hate those.
Seth: Whew. You know me so well Yuna.
Yuna: It's in this box. Open it!
Seth: All right. Remind me to give you a present in return in the future... Woah!

Indeed Woah! There is something in the box that Seth had been dreaming about for almost eleven years! It's a...

Seth: A Robe! An actual Wizard Robe! Dark grey, and a little smelly. Just like an evil wizard robe!
Yuna: Yeah I thought you'd like the ambiance.
Seth: Ambiance? Since when do you use such complex words. You are ten! Have you been reading some of the books at my home?
Twig: I smell hypocrisy. No wait... It's the robe. Phew!
Yuna: Yes. I have lots of free time now after rehab! All I really have to do is not drink lemonade so...
Seth: But this robe... It is made of...
Yuna: 25% paper, 10% love and 65% pigeon droppings.
Seth: Ah... That explains the smell.
Yuna: It has some ' magical ' properties though!
Seth: How so?
Yuna: Bird droppings give it a +1 in agility!
Seth: Ah, because the robe can move more freely right?
Yuna: Exactly! Isn't that great? It degrades slowly though, so you'll either have to come back here to the Pigeonary. Or find a flock of birds that would love to crap all over you to refresh the robe!
Seth: That would refresh the robe but not really refresh me, would it?
Yuna: But flaws are what makes the robe so awesome isn't it? Plus, I'd get to see you more often. This may or may not have had some influence over the choice of fabric.
Seth: Let me put this on.

Since Seth is busy with changing his clothes, let's have a quick nifty look at the castle of King Lacial! It's... in one word: beautiful! The castle has been completely repainted white to give it a more natural feel with the white winter scenery, and there is a big shining star just above it. The castle reflects its light evenly across the kingdom, and it would have shown how the people in the streets are demonstrating against Queen Eve's policies if it wasn't for the 24h curfew implemented to make the Kingdom look its very best! King Lacial doesn't have much say in the matter. Let's check out what he's been up to in the last couple of days.

King Lacial: *sighs*
Servant: What is it my Liege?
King Lacial: I miss the good old days.
Servant: The good old days where you could smear blood on the walls, use children as firelighters and meat shields? The time where you managed to blackmail over 1500 ninja janitors to clean up the mess either you or the people of your country made?
King Lacial: Blackmailed?
Servant: You sent a friendly contract to their country because you heard from your wife they were bored. And the contract was coincidentally written in white ink on black paper, and put into a black envelope.
King Lacial: See? I do nothing but good deeds. I would never blackmail anyone.
Servant: Whatever makes you sleep well at night my Liege.
King Lacial: I need a distraction.
Servant: Shall I summon the Towns' Idiot for your entertainment Sire?
King Lacial: No, no. Not that kind of distraction. I need to distract my wife from my kingdom.
Servant: Why are you not honest with her? Couldn't you just tell her she's ruining everything you have built here. You could at least complain about the fact that she kills your citizens based on appearance.
King Lacial: But on average my inhabitants are looking prettier every day.
Servant: You just don't want to confront your wife, do you?
King Lacial: Of course, I couldn't. I love her! I would never stand in her way if my interference would make her less happy.
Servant: So instead of confronting her directly, what about a scheme? A seemingly random turn of events not orchestrated by you. A wonderful scheme that cannot be traced back to you. Would that perhaps be appealing?
King Lacial: My hands are tied Servant, I cannot help you. But are you trying to lure me into action to save your family? That is rather selfish of you Servant.
Servant: My wife asked me to convince you.
King Lacial: Ah, the power of love. It has us both in its grip. I won't have you killed for trying to manipulate me this time, Servant. Think of it as a reward for your witty play on words earlier.
Servant: Thank you my Liege. My wife thanks you.
King Lacial: She must be pretty to be alive for this long. Kudos.
Servant: I just hope your wife next step isn't killing off everyone prettier than her.
King Lacial: Don't hold your breath.
Servant: Wanna help queen Eve by writing up a law to make the river towards the lake look nicer?
King Lacial: Sure!

On that note, we leave the castle. Now quickly back to the Pigeonary!

Twig: Are you ready Seth?
Seth: Yes. I have equipped my new robe, said my goodbyes to Yuna for now, and I sent a letter to Mom about my whereabouts by pigeon mail. Pigeons are so convenient, are they not?
Twig: How nice of you to send her a typewriter along with it.
Seth: Yes. Leaf had one to spare.
Twig: Now let's go see if there are any spells in the world for you.
Seth: Let us move out!

Seth and Twig leaves the Pigeonary, off to new adventures!

Seth: So we just follow this river towards the lake to the north, right?
Twig: Yup that's the general idea.
Seth: Hmm, perhaps we could make a canoo from a tree?
Twig: Excellent plan. I'll fetch a hatchet from inside, hold on.
Seth: I will use this time to potty train my bat bracelet.
Twig: Right...

And so, Seth and Twig both busy themselves. Seth quickly figures out that potty training a bat is harder than it sounds. Fortunately, he also quickly figures out his robe actually compensates for the smell, and the droppings has a nice cosmetic effect in the form of buttons. Twig in the meantime, has just cut his way through the first tree he saw close to the river. It is then the unthinkable happens...

Seth: Twig... Wait! Did that birch just turn into a lemon tree?
Twig: Yeah... So?
Seth: Do not drop the lemon tree in the water!
Twig: Why? What is the worst that could happen?

The tree just gave its last sigh before crashing into the water. A few thousand pigeons fly up into the air in panic, giving Seth an agility boost and Twig a very nasty smelly time. Leaf and Yuna appear to see where the noise is coming from. They both run towards the river side.

Seth: Yuna, no! Get away from the water!
Yuna: I can't... I'm sorry Seth!
Seth: Whatever you do, do not blink!
Twig: Why? What's happening?
Leaf: I blinked, so?

A fraction of a second later the river vanishes and the lake, first full of water, is now completely dried up.

Seth: Yuna...
Yuna: *gargle*
Seth: She relapsed...
Yuna: I'm sorry Seth. I couldn't resist.
Twig: It's amazing that she isn't a huge water balloon right now. She's still so thin!
Seth: Everyone knows you can not get fat by drinking lemonade. That is why her drinking problem went unnoticed. It was only when she fell into the well with an orange we knew how bad it was.
Leaf: Awww... Look at the lake... All those dead fish.

Indeed... There are thousands of fish just laying there, flapping their bodies in the hope they'll find more water. It is a horrible sight. This fight was obviously won by Yuna, giving her thousands of experience points...

Yuna: Wow I leveled up!
Twig: Woah level thirty-eight? That is amazing Yuna!
Seth: I need some time away to overcome my disappointment and jealousy.
Yuna: I understand. I'm so sorry.

We'll leave Seth for now and move back to King Lacial's castle.

Servant: See? The law of putting lemons on trees on the riverside worked perfectly.
King Lacial: How on earth did that even happen? I thought you were joking. I wonder how...
Servant: I never joke about lemon trees.
King Lacial: I wonder why.
Queen Eve: That lake is nothing but a sea of despair now. It's an eyesore. Can we fix that?
King Lacial: I'm afraid not. The person who could recently left and it will take months before the lake is filled up again.
Queen Eve: Then I am out of here. This place has become too depressing. Sorry dear, I think I will just head north again. At least no one can take the northern lights from me.
Servant: I shall prepare your ships My Lady.

And with that we will be leaving the castle as well as this chapter.

As a quick side note: We're all quite relieved that lake wasn't connected to the sea. Salt wouldn't have been healthy for Yuna!
And here's the moment you've all been waiting for.. It's the current Stat Breakdown!

Seth
Level: 9
Attack: Virtually none, as he lacks a sword to support it
Defence: Smelly
Speed: Just a little bit faster than the time it takes for the smell to reach his nostrils
Magic: Non-existent
Special: A few minutes in robe stench wouldn't kill him, unlike swords would

Twig
Level: 1 (would've been maxed decades ago if he actually could level up)
Attack: Occasionally
Defence: Sarcasm
Speed: Same as Seth
Magic: Non-existent
Special: Can tolerate Seth's wit and book-smartness

Yuna
Level: 38
Attack: Swords
Defence: Swords
Speed: Can smith 10 swords on a good day, 4 on a bad day
Magic: Non-existent
Special: Strong to anything but lemonade

King Lacial
Level: ???
Attack: ???
Defence: Invincible, until proven otherwise. And then only weak until he outlaws it
Speed: Pretty laid back
Magic: Bathes in potions, but that's about it
Special: He bears the kingdom on his shoulders

Richard
Level: He will take what he can get
Attack: ??? (lifesteal)
Defence: Nicks the negative out of negative actions against him
Speed: Faster than light?
Magic: Charming
Special: He merely tolerates reality

The Towns' Idiot!
Level: ???
Attack: ???
Defence: None needed. He'd be too stupid to realise that he should be dead
Speed: Stupendously average
Magic: Only if you consider draining intelligence points from his surroundings and not putting it into good use a 'spell'
Special: Can endure anything, but expect him to do something stupid in return

And for the special occasion...

Queen Eve
Level: Deadly high
Attack: Cold damage
Defence: Offense
Speed: She'll slow the world if she feels like it to make herself look quicker
Magic: Elegance
Special: Weak to ugliness


Chapter Sweet Sixteen – Shrimp and Dragons
After a huge goodbye ceremony that lasted several weeks, which put the Kingdom of... What? in even bigger decline, Queen Eve finally left. This would have normally been hugely celebrated by all the country's people, but due to the previously stated decline there is only eye for food and survival in general. So the villagers do nothing but "yay" and "woohoo" for a couple of minutes before they collapse from starvation. Fortunately no one turn to cannibalism this time around...

Servant: Look at the state of your kingdom, my Liege. At this rate the biggest part of our kingdom will be dead just like the last time she visited.
King Lacial: Yes... I suppose it's time for some drastic measures.
Servant: Do you mean...
King Lacial: Yes, our secret weapon... But first some foreshadowing and delay.
Servant: What do you mean?
King Lacial: Narrator? Do the honors, please.

And foreshadowing there shall be! What masterplan does King Lacial have to make sure his kingdom will not end up an empty shell that can be freely roamed around by high leveled monsters, and that the player heroes can continue to explore a few decades later because eventually everything here may or may not be deserted? Find out right... after we visit our own heroes!

Seth and Twig have been in hiding while Queen Eve destroyed the country with nothing but her good intentions. So they hid at the Pigeonary that will disappear again before spring, which... arrived just now! The Pigeonary instantly vanishes, and Seth and Twig are glad they left it just in time.

King Lacial: To prevent famine...
Servant: You created a law that skipped winter! Smart!
King Lacial: But that is not all. To the docks! The moment queen Eve was gone, I sent out a pigeon to someone we know.
Servant: Seth?
King Lacial: No, worse...

The removal of the beautiful winter overlay also means no winter holiday event, and no trees to cut down and slowly let die in the comfort of your own home. This angers a lot of heroes and heroines very much, which causes a substantial amount of 'flaming' at the town's forum plaza. 'Flaming' meaning: heroes creating huge bonfires of freshly cut trees to send a clear message that everything should suffer equally. So without any further ado, the world where Seth and Twig reside continues after three months of... Well, nothing really. Trees are being cut and burnt every day of the year.

Twig: So Seth...
Seth: Yes?
Twig: I get that you've been hiding for a whole season to evade death from being mistaken as the Evil Wizard that King Lacial wants everyone to kill, but...
Seth: I am actually still amazed how we just blinked away the winter and returned in spring. It is mind boggling.
Twig: I wonder what could have happened. Perhaps the gods that created this place deemed it necessary to do so?
Seth: Suure. It is not like you can blame the creators of this world for doing so, is it?
Twig: Uuhh...
Seth: I mean... I am not jealous at all that there are beings out there who can skip seasons like magic, add magical objects and artifacts, not to mention also making it so other people would not be capable of casting spells themselves.
Twig: Well...
Seth: And the people of this world are just supposed to worship the choices that the 'creators' make and trust that there must be a greater good in all this.
Twig: Um...
Seth: And just blinking away the people who are precious to us. Without any apology or afterthought. It is so unfair!
Twig: You seem to get a bit more resentful every chapter Seth. But look! A pigeon, and he is carrying a message!
Seth: So there is still hope. Yay! Maybe I will truly find some spells in the future!
Twig: Oh dear... Let's just move away from that slippery slope line of thinking and read the note!

Dear Twig and Seth
When will we be seeing you again Twig and Seth? We'll be working here at the Pigeonary. So you can return to us any time you like... When we are in existence. It seems the pigeon system still is up and running, so we will not be completely out of your lives.
Love,
Yuna & Leaf.

Twig: All right, we will be off then.

We return to King Lacial and his servant who made it to the docks on the north side of the city. The docks are empty and there isn't much more to see than a single rowboat at sea; and some lost shrimp in the water that is asking a mouse for directions. However, for the sake of the story this confrontation of creatures has no value, though what the mouse said was probably very offensive seeing as how the shrimp turns pale. And thus there is no reason to tell you about the terrible Shrimp-crusade versus Mice all over the world that would easily overshadow any war Humans could ever imagine.

Servant: So that secret weapon of yours?
King Lacial: He's already here.
Servant: Huh?
Richard: Indeed.
Servant: Richard? How did you get here? There is no one around for at least a mile.
King Lacial: Isn't it obvious?
Servant: No..?
Richard: I took a leave of absence.
Servant: Still not getting it...
King Lacial: He took a leave of his absence... from us.
Servant: Ah...
Richard: So the pigeon's brief told me you had something particularly vague and abstract I could get my hands on?
King Lacial: Yes I do, Richard. You see-
Richard: Leave it. I took the liberty to inform myself and exchanged it with the time it would take to explain it.
Servant: The law of equivalent exchange? Wow, clever.
Richard: Thank you. It's a big thing you ask of me, but you have sound reasoning and I do everything in my power to take Queen Eve's influences away.
King Lacial: Indeed. You may take your time doing it.
Richard: I see. In that case... It's done.
Servant: ... What the...

Richard shows Servant a little bag in which he holds the country's famine. Servant looks inside and nods as if that's the way he expects a country's famine to look like.

Richard: And I took the deaths from the fish in the lake,  and I nicked the snow from the previous season and hid it in the lake.
Servant: I can see the lake from here. It's still empty.
King Lacial: Come on Servant... He even stated he hid the snow. Of course you cannot see it yet.
Servant: ... That made my nose bleed again.
Richard: It'll probably show up once it has melted.
King Lacial: That makes sense.
Servant: How though?
Richard: Anything else pressing your mind Sire?
King Lacial: Can you bring Seth down here?
Richard: Done. I merely had to go (and take) the distance. Trickier to fit in a bag though.
Servant: Just take the difficulty out of the equation.
Richard: Oh yes, of course. Yoink.
Seth: Huh? Why am I at the docks?
Twig: Uh oh, Goblin Hat Mode!
King Lacial: Don't worry Twig. We all know about you. Richard, can you give them their freedom back?
Richard: Sure thing... There you go Seth and Twig.
Seth: Yay!
Richard: Can I take my leave again Sire?
King Lacial: Richard, we both know you already did...
Servant: You're talking to the air Sire. He was gone before he finished his sentence.
Twig: Wow.
King Lacial: You know Servant, sometimes Richard really annoys me. I should never have outlawed him.
Servant: Soooo... Was there a reason you wanted Seth here my Liege?
King Lacial: Yes. Queen Eve and I talked, and we think it's time for you to retrieve my princess-holding tower from the dragons.
Seth: But I am only 10!
King Lacial: Still, apparently you're the only one out of those thousands of 'hero' nimrods who actually manages to complete things around here. To tell you the truth, their way of 'finishing quests' have had no impact on this world at all. They usually just come to me, claim they have killed thirty 'goblins' from the 'goblin sewers' and consider a whole menace suddenly 'solved'.
Twig: Not to mention that they just blink in and out of this world all the time.
King Lacial: That too. But that is a good thing. I never have to pay them if they do.
Servant: He merely has to claim the quest was time sensitive. So all their efforts are basically redundant, but they never seem to mind that much.
Seth: Sometimes I do not understand the psychology of these so-called heroes.
Twig: When you're as old as me and Lacial you'll get it Seth.
Servant: Shush about my Liege's age Twig. He's very senstitive about it.
King Lacial: Remember what happened the last time someone claimed I was older than a century Servant?
Servant: You set back civilization's progress by a century times seven, laughed out loud, called it poetic justice and went on with your life.
King Lacial: I recall Richard nicking his clothing from that 'french rennaissance' thingy people had going on at that time. He's so behind the times now...
Servant: We're talking like old men now my Liege...
King Lacial: Let's not then.
Twig: Right.
Seth: So... Dragons?
King Lacial: Yes, I made a little error with one of my laws a long time ago. The law stated Dragons would be expelled from towers so they couldn't kidnap princesses from them anymore, however... Someone unfortunately switched the position of 'Dragons' and 'Towers' in that law.
Seth: Let me guess... the Towns' Idiot?
King Lacial: Of course.
Twig: Ugh...
Servant: King Lacial made sure he never would write anything ever again.
Twig: Oh? How did he do that?
Servant: He put it in the last law he wrote.
Twig: Ghehe.
Seth: So we have to save the Princess?
King Lacial: Princesses. More than one.
Servant: The dragons did not stop with ours.
Seth: Woah.
King Lacial: And the towers... I rented them out to other kingdoms for their princesses and collected the towers as a set. I'd be very angry if anyone would break up the set...
Servant: He's very proud of it. He calls it his version of a stamp collection.
King Lacial: And?
Servant: And by 'Stamp' he means trophies from trampling over his neighboring enemies. He keeps the princesses hostage in the tower by law so that-
King Lacial: Shush! Ruling secrets.
Servant: Right... Princesses just looove King Lacials' towers.
King Lacial: So, that's it.
Seth: And what do you expect me to do?
King Lacial: You're the hero. Look it up in a guide if you don't know.
Seth: How do I...
Twig: We'll figure it out. Thanks King Lacial. I hope the dragons are kind to me.
Seth: Is there something I should know Twig?
Twig: Nah.
King Lacial: Just one more thing.
Seth: Yes?
King Lacial: My daughter is in one of those towers too.
Seth: ...
King Lacial: She's a sweet girl, just like her father.
Twig: Oh no...
King Lacial: Promise me Seth. No funny business with her. All right?
Seth: ... I'm ten!
King Lacial: No. Funny. Business.
Seth: I am already married and divorced, and I love my divorced wife!
King Lacial: No... Funny... Business!
Seth: ... Ok.

And on that note, Seth and Twig make their way further into the Kingdom of... What? with no clue which way to go, where to start, no guide, and a lot of questions.

Twig: I wonder if his daughter is cute?
Seth: Why did the King think I had a guide?
Twig: All normal heroes probably have one. Hey look! That shrimp and mouse from before are wrestling.
Seth: Aww... adorable. The little creature world is so much more innocent than ours.


Chapter Seventeen – Degredation and Landmarks
We meet Seth and Twig back at the docks where they have been given directions on how to continue on their journey through the Kingdom of... What? Through the many decades this world has been running, it has become obvious that a lot of vital pieces of information have been deteriorating. For instance: The world Seth lives in no longer has a name, neither does the kingdom, nor the city. Bathvil, Seth's home village, is one of the few remaining names that has survived the flow of time. What people still do remember is that the World of... What?, Land of... What?, Kingdom of... What? and City of... What? Previously had different names, and do not have any relation to each other whatsoever.

Seth and Twig start walking west from the docks and emerge outside the City of... What?, finding themselves south of the Seashore of.. What? and north of the Lake of... Uhm. Seth and Twig examine the signs on a signpost with fingers pointing in all useful directions, and one scratching its 'head' as it seems to have forgotten which direction it pointed to once.

Twig: So, we could go back to the seaside where we came from, go alongside the west bank of Lake of... Uhm, all the way into the forest and return to Bathvil or...
Seth: Or?
Twig: We could go to the Run of the Mils plantation.
Seth: What is there?
Twig: No, What is East. Run of the Mils is the other way.
Seth: I did not mean the City... Or the Kingdom, or the Land for that matter. I meant what could we find there?
Twig: I haven't been there in decades. Its owner is a little... Wacky.
Seth: In what way?
Twig: He's filthy rich. He even paid to remove one of the l's from the farm's designated name. People who have so much tend to overreach a little.
Seth: Overreach?
Twig: Yup. The farm was expanding way too fast, and as punishment this became a restricted area surrounded by hidden walls.
Seth: I do not see any walls. Besides, how are we supposed to get to the farm then if there are any?
Twig: Well, that's the point of them being 'hidden'. They don't stop creatures like goblins and pigeons from passing through, but the heroes seem to have trouble running into them. It's pretty fun to just sit on the inside of the wall and watch their faces get squished ghehehe. You might be all right though since it doesn't seem like the world considers you a hero for some reason.
Seth: Hey, that is rude!
Twig: We still might have some trouble getting there though.
Seth: Why is that?
Twig: Well... You're quite underleveled for that area, and when I die it will take a lot longer to get back. Last time I died, we were lucky we were close to the spawning points of Goblins on the forest side. But this time it will take a few hours, even on Jimmy-
Seth: The wolf?
Twig: That Jimmy, yes. So the upcoming encounters will be quite tough.
Seth: Hmm... I guess you are right, but I could always anthill it.
Twig: Huh?

Don't you dare...
Twig: I don't know what it's about, but the Narrator doesn't seem to like it Seth.
Seth: Well, just think about it. Every creature I kill in this world will grant me those experience points to level up. So killing even the smallest insects would give some kind of experience.
Twig: You're aware of that?
Seth: Sure, my brain will eventually learn how to kill them more efficiently too. I noticed that I got more muscular over time. The odd thing was that it happened directly after fighting the grandma, the spiders and the heroes we slayed. So the only logical conclusion is that this is the way it works, right?
Twig: You sure got a lot of smart-ass experience.
Seth: I have to assume my intensive book reading has granted me some intellectual understanding of how this world has underlying philosophies. And I am bound to notice their function in our daily lives.
Twig: Uuhh... You lost me at 'intensive'.
Seth: It is too bad you cannot level up your brain Twig.
Twig: ...
Seth: Then there is this 'stat points' thing. The Balancing Staff assured me I would be able to spend points on my magic and stuff, but that still has not happened yet. My points, if they truly exist, are still automatically spent towards to my Strength perimeters.
Twig: ... Wait, so you could have just punched and sliced the enemies we have encountered so far with huge blows?
Seth: Pretty much, yeah.
Twig: Then why didn't you?
Seth: I want to be a Mage. Mages do not punch and slice.
Twig: Ah... So anthilling?
Seth: Yes, anthilling. The idea is that any creature, even an ant, could give me experience. And in the logic of this world an ant should give me at least a single experience.
Twig: I guess, so?
Seth: Now imagine me casting a 'fireball' on the Mop of Wetness to boil the water and pour it over an anthill, practically killing every ant inside.
Twig: That's...

Terrible! Poor little ants! You're menace, Seth!
Twig: That's so smart! Let's do it!
Seth: I knew you would agree! Let us find an anthill right now!
Balancing Staff: Hold on a minute.
Twig: Oh, hey Balancing Staff. How have you been?
Balancing Staff: Pretty good. But someone reported Seth for cheating, hence I appear.
Twig: Now that's convenient.
Seth: Who called the Balancing Staff?

Grr...
Seth: The Narrator? Really? Is that not abuse of power?
Balancing Staff: Yes that's true. He'll get his punishment, but if you are about to do what you said you were going to do Seth... I will have to punish you as well.
Seth: What are you going to do then?
Balancing Staff: I would de-level you on the spot, roll you back eight levels. I will also claim all of your magical items, and if you still continue doing it I may even have to ban you.
Seth: Banishment? From the Kingdom of... What?
Balancing Staff: No... Ban you from the World of... This.
Twig: Ah, so that is what the world is called now. I forgot.
Seth: ... You would kill me?
Balancing Staff: No, nothing that drastic. I'd just make sure everything you have achieved in your life will be for nothing. No one here would ever know you existed in the first place.
Seth: That is a punishment worse than death...
Balancing Staff: Well, you were about to massacre ants for experience. So who's the cruel one here?
Seth: But...
Balancing Staff: No more protests please. Let's move on. Since I'm here I'd like to announce to you that when you level up from now on, you can improve your magic skills. However, good luck finding spells. Also, the other heroes will not receive this ability.
Seth: See Twig? I am a hero!
Twig: Hush.
Balancing Staff: The rest of the heroes of this world will have to make do with their basic Fighter class. Allthough, they do seem to prefer it that way. Pathetic cliché nimrods... Sometimes I think it's better to swap our true inhabitants with that bunch, because the people who do not blink in and out of existence have more personality than them.
Seth: My head hurts.
Balancing Staff: Sorry, am I swimming too fast in that head of yours which I use for a fishbowl? Sorry, it's my malediction. Makes me swim more circles than usual.
Seth: Ugh...
Balancing Staff: Also, I noticed you have two magical items in your possession. That's pretty neat! There used to be plenty of them in old times, but things have been degrading for decades. I guess the reappearance of these lost relics have something to do with Richard?
Twig: Sounds like him.
Balancing Staff: Well, I cannot punish you for something Richard did, can I? Also, I tried to punish him once, but he took the punishment out of the equation and left with nothing but benefits...
Twig: Mehehe.
Seth: I am about to puke.
Balancing Staff: Ah, forgive me Seth. Let me make it up to you. Since you seem so clever, I will just say... You have five minutes to make everything right.
Twig: Thanks a lot Balancing Staff!
Balancing Staff: No problem Twig. Consider this my repayment for that time in the bar when you singlehandedly saved me from that pixie.
Twig: And don't you forget it. I still have to look over my shoulder every time I hear wings flapping.
Balancing Staff: Until we meet again.
Seth: That was...
Twig: Pretty good. So... what now?
Seth: Killing an anthill of course.
Twig: ...
Seth: You heard him. I got five minutes.
Twig: So?
Seth: Just watch me.

And so, Seth walks up to an anthill he spotted further along the road. Unfortunately for me, the punishment the Balancing Staff gave me is that I have to narrate the terrible deed Seth is about to do. He boils the water from the Mop of Wetness with a kindled wooden sword he calls a 'fireball', and slowly but steadily the anthill fills up with boiling water. Over two thousand ants die because of it.

Seth: Done.
Twig: You gained a level?
Seth: No, I am level one again.
Twig: ...
Seth: So, it is like this. The Narrator had to be punished, and my body was not built the right way. So instead of changing my body, the Balancing Staff deemed it better to punish me lightly by just rolling me back to level one. I have lost all my muscles, and I assume I will become capable of using Magic now! Also, the anthill instantly respawned as if nothing happened; Courtesy of Balancing Staff.
Twig: You recall that part about us being under-leveled in the first place? And not only that, but you apparently lost all your strength now which was the only thing that could save us in a pinch?
Seth: Pretty much yeah. I am excited.
Twig: Now my head hurts.

Meanwhile at the Castle.
Servant: My Liege, would you like to do anything today?
King Lacial: NO! Show that Narrator the door.
Servant : So, Narrator... Please?

And with that we leave the Castle of... What?


Chapter Eighteen – Fairly Legal and Mostly Harmless
Due to the sudden change of seasons, many of the townsfolk are currently suffering from the spontaneous drought; though you don't hear them complain much about it since they recently got rid of their famine. So they seek some cool-down time at the Lake of... Uhm, which has recently been drained by a little girl and filled up again with mountain snow instead. From a distance, inside his castle, King Lacial is using a telescope to keep an eye on the kingdom, and for some reason the servant is the telescope's stand.

King Lacial: Just look at that. Isn't it marvellous?
Servant: I'm not sure if I could peek at women from such a distance without a guilty conscience my Liege.
King Lacial: Huh? No, I mean Seth. Who cares about the women at the lake?
Servant: I'm not sure peeking at little boys is more ethical than peeking at women, Sire.
King Lacial: You got such a filthy mind Servant. Go wash your mouth with soap.
Servant: Yes, my Liege.
King Lacial: Ugh, now I have to use the windowsill as a stand for the telescope. You bring me nothing but bad luck and suffering today Servant.
Servant: *Gargle*
King Lacial: So where was I... Ah yes, Seth! He's hiding in the bushes at the moment.
Servant: *Gargle!*
King Lacial: Interesting kid. He's currently killing flamingos with a bat. It's quite a sight to behold.
Servant: *Gargle?*
King Lacial: Stop gargling and talk to me, I'm bored.
Servant: With a baseball bat, Sire?
King Lacial: That's a terribly cruel thought, Servant! How does that thought even enter your mind? Go wash it!
Servant: Wash my mind. My Liege?
King Lacial: It would help.
Servant: I think the heat got to you Sire.
King Lacial: Perhaps you're right. But don't make a habit of me being not right. You know what happened last time.
Servant: You punished my pessimistic mind when I claimed the sky could never fall on our heads Sire.
King Lacial: And?
Servant: It hurt like hell.
King Lacial: So?
Servant: You let me shower in magma to feel the difference between sky and hell. Hell hurt more, so I should not be more afraid of the sky.
King Lacial: Right. Good times. I hope you learned from it.
Servant: You quite overworked those Magicians in the basement. They had to work one week straight for those two separate temporary laws.
King Lacial: Shh Servant. You know as well as I do that there is no Magic in this world.
Servant: Oh right. I forgot about that rule. Makes me wonder why you didn't lock Seth up in the basement though.
King Lacial: That would be slightly unethical, wouldn't it?
Servant: How so?
King Lacial: Seth isn't a mage. He cannot cast a single spell. Thus unethical.
Servant: ...
King Lacial: ...
Servant: So... Seth... What's he up to?
King Lacial: Killing flamingos with a bat, as I already told you.
Servant: Right.
King Lacial: Now, enough with the redundant chit chat and resume your position as my two-legged tripod for the telescope. I know you were only saying nasty things as an excuse to cool yourself down with the Royal water.
Servant: ... Sure that was it my Liege.

It seems even in the Castle the people have become a little cranky because of the warm weather. So we will quickly skip to Seth and Twig who are indeed hiding in the bushes, making their way across the fields that are apparently owned by some sort of Millionaire.

Seth: Go my little minion. Kill those foul pink beasts!
Bat: Squeak!
Twig: Have you lost it Seth?
Seth: Not really, but this is so much fun! Running from bush to bush, evading the sun and enemy creatures. Killing those flamingos really does me good. I am level six already! It is great, is it not?
Twig: But you killed hundreds of flamingos for that...
Seth: So?
Twig: Well... They're not creatures like me or Jimmy, or even the dwarves. They don't respawn.
Seth: Oh... And you decided it was best to inform me about that after my flamingo genocide?
Twig: You were so into it. I didn't want to ruin your mood. Plus, I found your bloodthirst intriguing. Almost made you look evil.

Seth looks sadly to the dozens of corpses he left behind.

Seth: What will happen to them?
Twig: I don't know. Usually the mice in the area eat the corpses. But I haven't spotted a single mouse for a while now.
Seth: Maybe the creator of this world suddenly decided mice are not welcome in this world anymore?
Twig: Doubt it. He's quite fond of those little critters.
Seth: Do you know him personally?
Twig: Well, one night he was the attending at the bar.
Seth: Same bar where you met Jimmy?
Twig: Yup.
Seth: Same bar where you got into a fight with a pixie and met the Balancing Staff?
Twig: Yup.
Seth: Sounds like the place to be then.
Twig: It really wasn't. Anyway we're surrounded.
Seth: Huh?

Indeed. Hundreds of flamingos had surrounded Seth and Twig as they spoke. From afar where King Lacial is watching it looks like a huge pink circle with the bush, in which Seth and Twig are hiding, in the middle; resembling a huge dartboard with bullseye. King Lacial considers throwing a dart, but he decides against it as it is too much effort in this heat. Also it would probably kill Seth, he figures, and Seth is currently the only thing distracting him from the heat. Life's little causality cycles, or so he would've thought if it wasn't so hot. The flamingos glare furiously at the bush, preparing like a pack of bulls about to cause a stampede.

Seth: Wait... Something is off.
Twig: What?
Seth: This is not turn-based anymore. I cannot feel the obvious feeling to start doing something or the forced patience in case I failed taking initiative.
Twig: You confuse me once more.
Seth: I do not know what I am babbling on about either. Probably the heat.
Twig: Let's leave it at that. So... Ideas?
Seth: Almost exactly none.
Twig: Almost?
Seth: Running is the only remaining viable option to take for our own well-being. But my guess is they would outrun us as we have only our minuscule legs versus their stiltlegs. Also evading more than a hundred of them would be tricky enough, five times as much is just bonkers.
Twig: Ah.
Seth: I think it is time to use everything we have got.
Twig: I suppose so.

And with these words, one of their most formidable battles ever commence. Hundreds of claws attempts to shred Seth and Twig into pieces. Seth's bat happily jumps from one flamingo to the other leaving drained corpses in its wake, keeping his master alive. Twig uses his legendary dual wielding skills to slice through the crowd with his equally legendary butter knife. 'Fireballs' are sent out from the centre bush to thin out the flock. The wheat around them catch fire quickly, and before long they are forced out of the bushes and into the burning wheat fields. The Mop of Wetness is the only thing keeping the flames at bay for Seth and Twig, which is lucky for Seth's robe since it'd easily catch fire in this drought; not to mention its highly flammable material. Seth hadn't spot a single pigeon in ages. Soon everything around Seth and Twig is one big blur of yellow, orange and pink, and Seth starts to run out of 'fireballs' to cast.

Twig: How are you holding up Seth? I ran out of healing potions and food.
Seth: Plenty of Mana, but no spells to use it on. Also, I ran out of 'fireballs'.
Twig: So you managed to burn up all those spare wooden swords?
Seth: Yep, such a burden off my back. I feel I am taller now. 
Twig: And more muscular. So you're more of a warrior now, without "Fireballs".
Seth: Shush.

While fighting and chatting they notice they are being watched by a few heroes. They attempt to get closer to the wheat fields Seth and Twig are battling in, but are blocked off by invisible walls.

Hero1: Look at that n00b*.
Hero2: Those flamingos r** lyk*** lvl1****?
Hero1: Pretty much, rofl*****.
Seth: You could always help you know.
Hero1: Nah, im afk******, eatin' dinner.
Hero2: BBL*******.

* Playing either very stupidly or is new to the world while the one using the word 'n00b' is either too stupid to realize there are people new all the time and them being jerks causes new people to become jerks in return
** Are
*** Like
**** Level one
***** Rolling On the Floor Laughing (but not really, since they can still type on their keyboards
****** Away From Keyboard
******* Be Back Later

Hero2 disappear into thin air and a clear (AFK) sign appear above Hero1's head.

Seth: Now that is disappointing.
Twig: No it's perfect! On my mark, let's run towards the hero with the sign. Keep your Mop of Wetness ready, all right?
Seth: Sure...
Twig: Mark!

Seth and Twig run as fast as they can towards the hero. Twig then quickly grabbed the end of Seth's mop, threw it onto Hero1's head, and lead Seth to yet another bush.

Twig: Now look and be amazed.
Seth: They are... The flamingos are killing the hero!
Twig: Mehehehe due to the blonde mop they think it's you.
Seth: That is... Horrible! He will never be able to return to this world, you told me!
Twig: That didn't stop you from killing those heroes that killed me and wanted to kill you just because the price was right, right?
Seth: Well...
Twig: And there are thousands, maybe millions of them all around us. They all do the same boring stuff. No one would really notice if "hero1" or "deathkiller1337" disappeared from this world right? He'd just be replaced by thousands of other identical guys.
Seth: I guess...

It doesn't take long before Hero1 is defeated, and with that the flamingos are satisfied that justice has been served so they return to continue with what they were doing before. Then Hero2 appear out of nowhere.

Hero2: Bk********. Where's my friend?
Seth: He died from a vicious flamingo stampede.
Hero2: ...
Seth: We are terribly sorry for your loss.
Hero2: Mkay. I'll find someone else to finish this lvl with.
Seth: Yeah... Do that.
Hero2: Gl*********. Nice hat btw.
Seth: Thanks. It is one hundred percent goblin.
Hero2: Nais. Byez.
Twig: See? No one cares.
Seth: ...
Hero2: Yo, wanna team up?
Hero3: Mkay, eatin' dinner though, brb********** 1 min.
Hero2: Sure I'll wait, bbl.
Seth: Wow...

******** Back
********* Good luck
********** Be right back

They continue their way through the wheat field, seeing hundreds of flamingos cutting the wheat that was apparently 'ripe' and putting it into a basket. Then two flamingos put the basket on their necks and walked towards one of the countless mills around them.

Seth: So that is why he is called a MILL-ionaire.
Twig: Yeah, he has hundreds of mills. Wish I was that rich.
Seth: ... Right.
Twig: That guy's been abusing farming for as long as I can remember. He always paid everyone with loaves of bread.
Seth: Again, in that bar?
Twig: Yup.
Seth: I see.
Twig: You don't want to go there though.
Seth: No, I am under age. I need to be at least eighteen, right? Also, I am not even sure if I will ever become eleven...
Twig: Then let's hope the bar never crosses our path. Even a mouse could rekindle the barfight.
Seth: Fine by me.
Twig: Ignorance is truly bliss. You don't even know a fraction of it.

Only a few minutes later Seth and Twig reach the edge of the wheat fields, from which they can see an endless sea of tomato plants and cheese bushes.

Twig: Look at those bushes. They slowly grow small twigs with cheese hanging from it.
Seth: Is that even possible?
Twig: Seeing is believing.
Seth: Still though.
Twig: I was named after them. Mom called me a little miracle.
Seth: Do you even know the name of your mother?
Twig: Now that you mention it, no clue. Always called her Mom...
Seth: Thought so. Hehe.
Twig: Seems that I missed something funny?
Seth: Not really. Hey, look. There is something bright coming our way.
Twig: Uh oh.

A bright light almost twice as big as Seth and trice as big as Twig stop right in front of them. At least they guess so because they can't look directly at it.

Voice: Greetings travelers.
Twig: Hello.
Seth: Hi. Got some sunglasses for us?
Voice: I would have, if it made any difference to you. Unfortunately I am cursed. I can not be seen by anyone.
Seth: Cursed? By whom?
Voice: The stars.
Twig: Sounds a little otherworldly.
Voice: You could say that. You see, I have always laughed at the stars since they could only come out at night and doesn't own as many mills as I do.
Seth: Oh, so you are the Millionaire?
Twig: Of course he is, Seth.
Voice: Or she.
Twig: Or she, yes.
Voice: People just me call me Voice... for lack of a better definition. Pleased to meet you both.
Seth: Pleased to meet you too. This is Twig and I am Seth.
Twig: We know each other already Seth.
Seth: Oh, how?
Twig: Bar...
Seth: Of course you have. So what about the stars?
Voice: Long story short. The stars made sure no one could look at me anymore and demanded from the sun to shine extra on me. Therefore, I am shining as bright as a star right now.
Seth: Sounds like the sun and stars are jer-
Voice: Sshh. Do not let them hear you.
Seth: But technically, in space there is no way sound could-
Voice: They can read lips.
Seth: Oh... ah.
Twig: Hehe, Seth got outsmarted by Voice.
Seth: Bah, no fair! He/she is probably very old and wise.
Voice: I guess I am. But I lost track of time. I kept a close eye on the stars to determine the amount of years that had passed, but they noticed me and so now they sometimes switch places, sometimes they hide, and sometimes all of them appear at once just to mess with me. Gives me a fright when they do that. One time they spelled out "Boo" even.
Twig: Wow...
Seth: It sounds like the universe revolves around you.
Voice: In a way I guess. But it is not a good way.
Seth: Well, let me get this straight. You create life by growing grain on these fields you have claimed, no one knows what you look like, and all the stars in the universe know of your existence?
Voice: You could say that, yes. They do like to gossip.
Seth: You almost sound like a G-
Twig: Shush. Don't jinx it.
Seth: Fine.
Voice: So please tell me, why were you killing my flaminions, burning down my fields, and have clearly ignored my 'no trespassers allowed' sign?
Twig: There was a sign?
Seth: G-words like him never show signs. I do recall a signpost scratching itself in confusion. He could mean that sign?
Twig: Mehehe.
Voice: Well, trust me on my word. They existed. Though, if you followed my words on the sign I understand why you are here in the first place. Thanks for burning my shrubbery by the way.
Twig: Hahaha!
Seth: How long did it take you to create these fields?
Voice: About a week, why?
Seth: Just wondering.

Twig rolls over the tomato plants. Seth scratches his head and assume the Millionaire is doing so as well, though he will never know for sure.

Voice: By the way, King Lacial has been spying on us for a while now. I see his telescope reflecting my light every now and then. Do not be afraid to be blinded by me though, he outlawed that ages ago.
Seth: That's good to know. Saves me a lot of squinting to protect my eyes.
Voice: It is possibly a bit dangerous though. His law made being dazed and dizzy impossible. So people could just faint from the heat without warning.
Seth: Oh... That will explain my next move!

And with that Seth faints from dehydration, exhaustion and surprise. A few hours later we find Seth in the Voice's house. The house itself is huge and he can hear the grinding of the mills all around him.

Voice: Welcome to my Milla, Seth.
Twig: Clever name. Seth could've made that up.
Seth: Wow, that faint came out of nowhere.
Voice: Indeed. The weather is odd these days. But It will all fix itself soon enough in the fall, probably.
Seth: Let us hope so.
Twig: So why are you herding flamingos, Voice?
Voice: Because my mice slaves were suddenly gone the other day. I fear the worst for them. I have never seen mice more mobilized than on my farm. There must be something terrible going on.
Seth: Do you know where they went?
Voice: They went North. That is all I know.
Twig: Strange.
Voice: The flamingos are my temps now, but they eat a lot of my tomatoes.
Seth: So, do you feed the whole country with these crops?
Voice: Yes. One has to grow all the stuff, and most of the crops owned by villagers are being destroyed by thousands of trampling Heroes. Without this sacred place, all the people in this world would definitely die.
Twig: That's terrible!
Voice: I guess you would find that terrible. I do not mind as much though. Maybe if the world was a little more empty, less of those pesky Heroes would appear. But I guess this plane of existence has become more and more popular over the years.
Seth: I rarely notice them though.
Voice: Yes, that is just a nasty trick to give you the impression you are not one of many million of people doing the same tedious quests over and over again. Though from what I have seen so far, you are not one of the Heroes, are you?
Twig: He is... but... Also not, but... I dunno... He has Hero Points like me, Voice.
Voice: Very strange indeed.
Twig: And he doesn't disappear like the other heroes. And he's a brainy little bra-
Seth: Yeah, yeah. Thank you for that, Twig.
Voice: Well Seth, I do not know about you, but beings like me, Lacial, Richard and others were once like Heroes. But we got too attached to this place, and decided to never leave.
Seth: That explains so much...
Twig: About them yeah, not about you.
Voice: But I cannot tell you if this place is real. We just woke up one day in this world, and we just assumed this was reality. We just went along with it. We do not even have to disappear like the other heroes again. I would not even know how to do it anymore.
Twig: And Hero Points?
Voice: That remains a mystery to me. Oh dear, the sun goes down.

As the last rays of sunlight are dissipating behind the horizon, Voice is still not visible. Then darkness creeps up and cover them all, and Voice's light disappear and is replaced by a black aura in pajamas.

Seth: That was unexpected.
Voice: I guess it would be so to you, yes.
Seth: Had a fight with Darkness as well?
Voice: Not at all. Darkness is pretty nice to me.
Twig: You guys talk still?
Voice: Yes. Ever since that time in the bar, we keep in touch.
Seth: ...
Voice: To be honest I forgot that no one can see me at night either. Even when I shine candlelight on myself it has no use. Quite depressing to say the least.
Seth: You are quite a messed up entity.
Voice: Am I? Well I cannot help it much. Richard nicked my gender.
Seth: Did King Lacial forbid light to shine on you when the sun and the stars cannot?
Twig: Sounds like him...
Voice: That is one possibility. I should have a word with him sometime in the future. Though, I cannot leave this farm...
Seth: You could try the Pigeonary that recently opened for business.
Voice: That sounds like a plan. Thank you both. Is there anything I can do for you in return?
Seth: Well... I was sent on a mission to retrieve the towers from the dragons who have taken them away.
Twig: And his princesses.
Seth: Yeah, he never said which was more important though. He counted it as a set.
Voice: Must be some impressive towers then...
Twig: Or some ugly princesses.
Seth: So why the pajamas?
Voice: Since no one can see me at day, there is no reason for me to change.
Twig: That's convenient.
Voice: Also I do not get dirty. I was once having an argument with a garbage can, and I lost.
Seth: How so?
Voice: Garbage and Dirt never want to have anything to do with me anymore.
Twig: Poor you.
Voice: It is a terrible curse.
Seth: Sounds to me like you did it all to yourself.
Voice: Well... I used to be a bit arrogant, but after so many years you start to miss the things that come natural to you.
Seth: That sounds very wise.
Twig: I have no clue what you two are on about.
Voice: I can explain if you like?
Seth: Do not bother. We will only get slowed down by ill-witted minds.
Voice: Careful Seth. That is how I started out once, and look at me now. Oh wait, you cannot!
Seth: I will keep that in mind.

After a big dinner made completely out of bread, tomatoes, cheese and baked Flamingo, Seth and Twig decides to stay overnight at Voice's Milla. Before they close their eyes to open them again for yet another day, they hear a lot of shouting downstairs followed by some footsteps that come closer to Seth and Twig's guestroom.

Seth: What happened?
Voice: I had a fight with Water.
Seth: So?
Voice: It no longer accepts me for who I am. So it told me when I want to enter it, I would only end up walking over it...
Seth: That is terrible.
Twig: Mehehehehehe... zZz

And with that we leave Seth be for a full night.

Seth
Current level: 7
Strength: Nothing
Defence: Shamefully low
Magic: Steadily rising
Spells: None
Speed: Quick when he doesn't faint. Even faster when pooped on by pigeons.

Twig
Current level: 1
Strength: Low
Defence: Low
Connections: High!
Speed: Meh. But instant when re-spawning.


Chapter Nineteen – Sheets and Fail-safe
The creatures of the World of... What? are rather remarkable beings. The flamingo for instance is a rather intelligent, social creature who, once taught, is able to perform useful tasks to aid the citizens in the Kingdom of... What? Usually mice were used for these tasks, since they were evidently cheaper and more numerous in number, but none of them are currently present to speak for themselves.

Another remarkable creature in the World of... What? is the mythical water buffalo. These beings live up high in the clouds as huge bodies of water. When agitated they start to steam and boil, which causes clouds to shift and the weather to change. In their mating season the male water Buffalo fight amongst each other to the death, causing roaring thunderstorms. Once a water buffalo is defeated by another they will drop through the clouds, creating an impressive rainbow before crashing upon the earth, leaving a pool of water.

This little gem of information is usually kept secret from the general population. Not because it would threaten the water buffalos up in the clouds, but mainly to prevent vegetarians from realizing the shocking truth that their vegetables are being grown by literal bodies of water.

Did that make me sound sophisticated at all Voice?
Voice: Up until asking me, it indeed sounded as if I had not handed you a sheet of paper to read from.
Ah...
Voice: Well, nothing can be done about it now I guess.
Indeed. I'm sorry Voice. You sure put a lot of work into it!
Voice: I did not even mention everything. People might be disgusted when learning about hail...
It's best to leave that part out, yes.
Voice: So, was there an intro you wanted to do anyway?
Well actually...
Voice: Go ahead, I'll wait.

All right then. We meet Seth, Twig and Voice on the outskirts of Voice's territory: The wheat fields. Seth has clear instructions from King Lacial to find the towers that have been kidnapped by dragons; who probably have some kind of plan up their scales. Though it is not known if the dragons' intentions are to piss off the kings, bully the princesses, or if they simply have an unknown diabolical plan involving the towers. One could also assume that the dim-witted minds amongst us wouldn't think further past the princesses really. That brings up a lot more questions when it comes to motivation and other aspects, but for now you can just assume it's the flotsam and jetsam of philosophy; which I will not bother you with at this moment.

Twig: The narrator is truly brilliant at reading from leaflets, isn't he?
Seth: And you are terribly good at ruining his moments of intellectualism.
Voice: Sorry Narrator. Twig is one of those ill-witted souls I presume.
I guess I'll just make you forget that I was here in the first place.

Seth: These wheat fields are truly astonishing in size!
Voice: You have to thank the flamingos for it. They cut the wheat that is ready with their beaks and bring it to the mills to be ground down to make flour. Once the flour is ready they put it into sacks and sneakily deliver them into the bakeries around the world.
Seth: Huh? But I have not seen a flamingo in my life before this.
Voice: Have you ever seen mice skitter around in a farmer's flour bag?
Seth: Ah... I get it now!
Twig: I don't...
Seth: It is simple really. Usually mice brought the sacks of flour to the stores, and sometimes they were caught in the act. But the peasants just assumed they were there to eat the flour, and thought nothing more of it. It is a cunning strategy for a small mouse if you would ask me. I am amazed.
Voice: And since the mice are currently... gone, the flamingos took over and made sure the stores were filled so no one dies from hunger.
Twig: But Seth just said the flamingos have never been seen in town before.
Voice: I cannot explain that either.
Seth: Brainwave!
Twig: Huh?
Seth: It all makes sense now. The mice were slaughtered by either Queen Eve's men or King Lacial's laws to make sure famine would take place in the Kingdom of... What? Then the flamingos, trained by Voice, took over the job while also receiving lessons from the ninja janitors of the Kingdom of... What? And thus I can fairly conclude that this world has in fact a tendency of stabilizing itself in fluctuating times of subliminal poverty and forces of extravagant dignified singularities!
Twig: ... You lost me at "fairly".
Voice: I think your mind backfired on your own booksmarts at the end Seth.
Seth: How so?
Voice: The end was just a bunch of randomly thrown together words to make yourself look smart.
Seth: ... Twig would not have noticed that.
Twig: Have you been doing this all those times before?
Seth: Maybe... You will never know for sure.
Twig: Meh. I'll go punch a flamingo.
Voice: It is interesting to see how such simple minds can just divert their frustration by making another less fortunate.
Seth: I suppose... Hey Voice, can I ask you a question?
Voice: Of course.
Seth: Since you are apparently smarter than me, are you my father?
Voice: No, I have not created you. What a peculiar thing to think.
Seth: It is just... I never really knew him and he is somewhere on this earth. You are the first one that comes close to the possibility of being my father.
Voice: Alas, I am not. Twig is being rather cruel towards that flamingo, is he not?
Seth: Wow, is that a third knot on its neck?
Voice: Impressive.
Seth: And cruel, do not forget cruel.
Voice: Of course. That too.
Seth: So, where do you reckon Twig and I should go to find the towers with the princesses that the dragons have made away with from the kingdoms?
Voice: I reckon you should go west. Usually heroes get there by going from the City of... What? through the forest, then north past the plains, completely evading my territory since it's off-limits to heroes except for a small portion of it for training purposes.
Seth: Yeah, I saw that. Those mutated wheat life forms were really creepy. We evaded them by hiding in bushes.
Voice: That explains why you are still at such an incredibly low level.
Seth: Yeah, also I want to become a Mage.
Voice: A mage? Are those not extinct?
Seth: Captured and imprisoned doing forced labour from what I have heard.
Voice: Which spells do you have then?
Seth: ... None.
Voice: Quite pathetic for a Magician.
Seth: I prefer not to think about it that way...
Voice: I suppose it would dim your mood slightly.
Seth: To say the least.
Voice: You could always ask the Balancing Staff for spells.
Seth: He never gave me spells. He made me able to reset my strength points and start building up magic points though.
Voice: For poops and giggles?
Seth: That would be childish even towards a child would it not?
Voice: Sounds like him though. Impressive that you knew about him, I imagine most heroes have no clue who the people they talk to are in this world.
Seth: What do you mean?
Voice: I used to give out quests for heroes, but I got into a fight with the quest-writers so they removed me from the heroes route. I became some sort of legend, surrounded by invisible walls.
Seth: Why does that not surprise me?
Voice: Well, I had prepared a few nice interesting concepts and stories to motivate the heroes to feel good about themselves, but they just scribbled the assignment on a quest sheet and moved along.
Seth: Sounds like them...
Voice: Yeah, all they really cared about was 'Kill Boars (0/12)'. They did not care about the boars' hierarchy that was in trouble, the political state of their empire and the importance of the assassination of a few of the group to prevent a revolution that would make them more dominant than any form of life in this world.
Seth: That sounds terrible. Even I would have killed some boars if I knew about that.
Voice: After a while I became less serious about the matter. I would ask some rats to paint some of the important boars blue when they were asleep and change the mission to "kill blue boars (0/12)", and what do you think happened?
Twig: They laughed just like me and Seth right now?
Voice: No, they just thought this was a 'game' that had 'originality' because of 'blue boars'. So I went a step further and changed (0/12) to (0/120).
Seth: Let me guess, they still abided?
Voice: Indeed. They did not even realize 12 was enough since they never came talking to me, until one time. Then they considered it a "glitch", whatever that is, even though I clearly stated in my speech that twelve was enough. Anyway, not a single hero listened.
Seth: Wow...
Voice: True depression got to me when I added a line in my speech telling it was my birthday. Not a single "congratulations" or cheer.
Seth: Was there a point to this story?
Voice: ... I forgot. Twig sure has that flamingo packed up hasn't he?
Seth: Forty-three knots and still on-going. It looks like a purse now.
Voice: I feel bad for the animal empathizers.
Seth: I feel sorry for the flamingo.
Voice: Oh... Yes, that too.
Twig: Done!
Voice: Done what?
Twig: I fold. Heh , get it?
Seth: Reversed origami...
Voice: Impressive!
Twig: What's 'origami?'

Meanwhile at the Castle.
King Lacial: Servant! My bath water is cold! What's going on?
Servant: Sorry Sire. I was unable to find enough fuel for the tub.
King Lacial: That is a problem... I really cannot stand cold baths. It lowers my mood! It makes me angry!
Servant: Please sire, there is probably something we can do about it.
King Lacial: Indeed, bring my lawyers in here!
Servant: Even in your... less clothed condition Sire?
King Lacial: I don't care about anything else than heating my bath tub right now Servant.

A few minutes later a handfull of lawyers stand in line, shaking in front of their king.

King Lacial: What happened to our current law system? You haven't won even a single case?
Lawyers: We are almost winning at least three of them on misbehaving peasants, Sire. But we are drowning in the paperwork we have to fill out!
King Lacial: And whomever has demanded that you people had to do paperwork in the first place?
Lawyers: It's the law, Sire, in all its infinite complexity, and we have to keep track of anything and everything that is happening, file it, archive it, store it.
King Lacial: Servant... is that true?
Servant: Not even remotely. It seems these lawyers have just imagined a way to keep themselves busy.
King Lacial: ...
Servant: You know... Forcing paperwork upon paperwork, trying to fool each other's minds by making the law more and more complicated in written word, while in the end a bottom line is nowhere to be found.
King Lacial: I see.
Servant: We decided a bottom line long ago actually.
Lawyers: You did?
King Lacial: Altogether it was covered under "Taxes" and "Miscellaneous".
Servant: And by "Miscellaneous" he means "Convenient for us while also ripping off the common-folk".
Lawyers: Ah... That makes sense.
King Lacial: And by that logic Servant, get the guards. We just found ourselves a whole pile of fuel!
Servant: I'll send the guards to fetch the paper right away Sire.
King Lacial: I wasn't talking about the paperwork, but I will keep that in mind for another troubling time. Good idea Servant!
Servant: ... Of course my Liege.
Lawyers: We're confused.
Servant: And single-minded.
Lawyers: ... We're not. Steve here likes bowling while we're all into golf.
Odd Lawyer: Sure do!
King Lacial: Isnt that lovely. Well, I've got more news for you then, there is a special... briefing downstairs for you!
Lawyers: A bonus for our terriffic work?
King Lacial: You could say that if that puts your minds, or hive mind, at ease.
Lawyers: Thank you. We were actually expecting something awful.
King Lacial: Don't mention it, you'd only enable me to lie while giving an inconvenient truth.
Lawyers: But-
Servant: He means: Don't mention it. Ever. Follow me please.

Ten minutes later the Servant returns.

King Lacial: And?
Servant: You should feel the warmth now my Liege.
King Lacial: ... Aaahh there it is. There is nothing better than a relaxing warm bath.
Servant: My Liege, would you consider yourself evil when you do stuff like... 'this' ?
King Lacial: ... You know the answer to that Servant.
Servant: Yes, I'm aware you've given yourself the right to remain silent.
King Lacial: Don't forget they mass murdered trees to fuel their minds in the first place.
Servant: You're too kind... to trees my Liege. I'm glad you're in a good mood again.
King Lacial: That's because I only just remembered I made up the lawyer position for a day like this in the first place. Saving trees and warming my bath.
Servant: ...

And with that we end this disturbing yet informative chapter of Spellbent!


Chapter Twenty – Pixies and Repercussions
The next day Seth and Twig decides to leave Voice's farm and prepare for their big journey towards... Well, they have no idea actually. What else is there to expect from a vague quest like "save the princesses from the dragons"? Here is a little Dragon 101 for you before you read on about Seth's adventure throughout the World of... What? Dragons fly, are a little bit grumpy from time to time, and love shiny things. Class dismissed.

Seth: This is such a beautiful place, Voice. I wish we could stay longer.
Voice: What is keeping you from staying then?
Twig: You're getting more obnoxious with the hour and we do not want to overstay our welcome.
Voice: Yes. I hear that often.
Seth: Come on Twig, let us be nice to Voice as long as we are here.
Twig: So we'll save it for when he's out of earshot?
Seth: Twig...
Twig: What? It's only polite to tell someone right in the face what we'll do behind their back.
Voice: Indeed that's true. Thank you Twig.
Twig: So get off your high horse and apologize, Seth.
Seth: What? But... Huh? But I was the one being-
Twig: Sorry Voice, he's new to this world.
Voice: I would not expect much from a ten year old yet anyway. Should he not be in school or something?
Twig: I doubt the Kingdom of... What? has any schools.
Voice: That explains why heroes are so stupid then.
Seth: Hey!
Twig: Yeah, I guess so.
Seth: You two sound like bitter old men.
Voice: That is what happens when you get older Seth. First you see the world as beautiful. Then you see its flaws. Then you see people abuse those flaws, blaming the system. And in the end all you can do is roll along with the punches.
Seth: Then I hope I will never get old!
Twig: Don't say that too hard Seth.
Seth: Why? Why am I not allowed to be frustrated about something grown ups always say to their children to keep their minds at ease? I have been fatherless my whole life and so far it has been one big disappointment when it comes to magic. Sure, I have a bat now and a mop that is always wet. But can I say that I have a rich and lively life? Hell no! All I have achieved so far is the knowledge to kill flamingos in bulk, squash some spiders and an engulf an old granny in flames.
Twig: Oh yeah, that granny. She was one tough cookie, Voice.
Voice: Ah, cobweb body armor?
Twig: Yeah...
Voice: How did you get through it?
Twig: Seth's "magic" fireball.
Voice: Oh? Impressive.
Twig: Also, Seth, your head's on fire.
Seth: ... Oh, that was not just the rage in my head?
Twig and Voice: Nope...
Seth: What was it?
Twig and Voice: A PIXIE!

Before Seth can even turn around, Voice and Twig witness monstrous flames that are currently feasting on the dead flamingo bodies Seth and Twig had left behind two days ago; and also most of the plantation is burning up and the flamingos that managed to survive the surprise attack, fly away in all directions from panic and fear. Voice, Twig and Seth all look up as a huge pixie flies above, casting a massive shadow upon them. It soars and flies in a circle, preparing itself for another attack. Seth hastily grabs his Mop of Wetness to extinguish the flames on his head.

Twig: Thanks for taking that fire damage Seth, elseway it would've killed me.
Voice: What is a pixie doing here in the first place?
Twig: I think it's here because of me...
Voice: Why?
Twig: Well... as I told Seth before, I have a quarrel with a pixie and it's been tracking me ever since. That's why I have been hiding in the woods for decades. The pixies couldn't find me there, especially since King Lacial has outlawed fire from burning living trees. But now I'm out in the open.
Seth: T.. T... That is a pixie?

Pixie 101. Pixies are huge creatures that rule the skies of the World of... What? They are strong, easily agitated treasure hoarders, and breathe fire. Don't confuse them with Dragons though. Dragons are little critters that are mostly harmless, fly through the forests with their friendly wings, and occasionally pull pranks on heroes and sometimes nick their shiny stuff. Class Dismissed.

Meanwhile at the Castle.
King Lacial: Oh look over there!
Servant: I am, my Liege. But the telescope on my back seems to get heavier by the second. Can't I stretch for a single minute?
King Lacial: No way! Seth is currently in battle with a pixie!
Servant: ... Isn't that a dragon?
King Lacial: No, that's a pixie. I'm one hundred percent certain!
Servant: Why? How?
King Lacial: Well, it's all very simple. You see, I was sitting in my throne room beholding my own Kingdom one day and I was suddenly surprised by an annoyed beaver!
Servant: Excuse me?
King Lacial: No, I'm telling it all wrong.
Servant: I thought so, it made no sen-
King Lacial: I was standing in my throne room, beholding my own kingdom while I was suddenly attacked by an annoyed beaver! No, that wasn't it either... I was standing in my throne room, defending my kingdom while I was suddenly attacked by a pack of pixies.
Servant: ...... I get the feeling you're getting there... slowly.
King Lacial: Me too! I was battling in my throne room, beholding my dead citizens that had sacrificed their lives to save mine while I was eating dinner and got suddenly interrupted by a hoard of angry true pixies. Yes, true pixies! Not true dragons, who claimed I was being very unfriendly towards them. So I tried to make peace with them, failed, they pledged to kidnap my princess and in a childish revenge I switched their names with dragon as a petty revenge.
Servant: ...
King Lacial: So accidentally that meant that the true dragon laws suddenly applied to the true pixies and vice versa, so they cleverly kidnapped the tower my princess was in. Something a huge, dumb true dragon would never come up with.
Servant: And those beavers..?
King Lacial: What beavers? I do not recall beavers. Don't get sidetracked Servant, and look at the fight that is about to unfold!
Servant: Am I really not allowed to stretch my legs?
King Lacial: Well, all right...
Servant: Thank you, my Liege.

And because of that we cannot report any more of the upcoming battle against the pixie in this chapter of Spellbent. Feel free to blame it on the Servant! Send him a hateful whisper if you like. He deserves it. How cruel can a Servant be, putting in such a selfish request that have the effect of keeping tons of readers in anticipation?
Servant: But-

NO! This is all YOUR fault Servant! No excuses! If you didn't stretch, everyone would know already what is happening instead of waiting for the next chapter. ALL because of YOU! And it's too bad too. I would have LOVED to know what is happening over there. I mean... It's a level 13 ten year old boy that faces a PIXIE of at least level 65. And do you have any idea how rare pixies are in the world? They became too popular due to their habit of hoarding treasure, so all the heroes killed off most of them for it. They're actually on the brink of extinction.
Servant: But-

No butts! I've had enough of you Servant. I'll mute you for the rest of this chapter, which is finished right now! All because Servant was too weak to endure one more second of carrying a near-weightless tool. That's what you are Servant, weaker and more useless than the tool you're carrying. You should be ashamed of yourself, and your family!

Anyway find out what happens next time in Spellbent!


Chapter Twenty-one – Final Goodbyes and Knot-tying
Every story needs an end. No matter how awesome a story is, the ending is what makes it worth telling. So even if a story like this one has taken years to finalize, here it is: The ending.

Are you done?
Writer: Not yet.
All right, I will wait then...

Writer: Good, thanks. Some stories are so incredibly long and dull that eventually they will be considered 'Epic', while other dull stories are meeting their end before they are written. For the fortunate fans, the ending happens just between starting to become terrible and ending up being annoyingly terrible. With Seths' story I have never been sure which end of the infinitely sided straw I have pulled, but it does not matter. This is the end.

Right so before this story becomes annoyingly terrible, can I talk now?
Writer: ... Go ahead.

Great! Thanks! So we meet Seth on the west side of the Lake of... Uhm, which is located far west of the Kingdom of... What? He is standing along with his goblin companion Twig, and his less goblin-like companion Voice, in a perfect pickle: a battle with a formidable pixie! Not to be confused with a true pixie. Actually, this is getting rather confusing... All these stupid laws... I don't care anymore! I'm going to call it a dragon from now on! And none of you can stop me!

As I said, Seth, Twig and Voice are standing ready to battle a formidable dragon! Who could ever imagine that a heavily under-leveled prepubescent boy would stand off against one of the most rare and formidable creatures of this realm? Sure, you could say that he hasn't met the most rare creature, namely the Tricornbeetle, found only on monday mornings when the sun decides to come up from the north side of the world. But a dragon does sound more scary than the distant ancestor of the unicorn; who has been extinct from Seth's world for centuries.

Meanwhile at the Castle.
Everyone is preparing themselves for the arrival of King Lacial who has made a short trip to the docks at the salty sea north of the Village of... Uhm, only to find himself in one of the biggest wars he has ever been into. But let's not get ahead of ourselves and move towards Seth's fight with the dragon first. So...

Meanwhile at Seth, Twig, Voice and the Dragon! 
Wow. I have been talking so much I have two stories to cover. I apologize for the inconvenience.

Dragon:
So, weak little boy and his two tiny friends,
what shall it be?
I can roast you instantaneously,
But I've got time on my hands.
Seth: ...
Twig: ...
Voice: Sure I can rhyme, I do that all the t-
Dragon:
First rule of this confrontation:
There will be no cliché rhyme creation
When it comes to word combination.
This will save you humiliation.
Twig:
Why is this dragon so polite?
This just doesn't sound right!
Seth: Perhaps battling is not his strong suit?
Voice: Yeah, I am sure anyone without power would.
Dragons:
Fools! This way my power is confined.
I grant a fair chance to win this fight!
I am stronger than the three of you combined.
Levels the playing field, am I right?

Can I join as well? It sounds fun!
Twig:
Like hell!
All you can do is tell!
Seth: Let us run!
Dragon:
I will not allow you to flee.
You cannot escape from me!
Voice: So when does a side win or lose?
Dragon:
I have not figured that out yet.
Let you live and take that goblin as my pet?
Or gobble you up, you choose.
Seth:
That does not sound fair at all!
Can you actually swallow me up whole?
Dragon:
Sure, I find you quite appetizing,
But I will grant you a gift:
Your death will be swift,
The speed of which I will eat you, will be mesmerizing.
Twig: Just try to kill or eat me as many times as you want.
Dragon: Are you implying that I can't?
Twig: You can kill me a thousand times, as I am able to respawn.
Voice: And you claim to be brains over brawn?
Seth: Please do not kill him, do not fall for his taunt!
Dragon: Indeed, I was testing how dear that goblin was to you.
Seth: Of the goblin, I am quite fond.
Twig: Yeah yeah. I love ya too.
Voice: Twig is right though, once he dies he will teleport out of the dragon's tummy.
Twig: Yup if he doesn't realize it he'll be too hungry to call for his mummy.
Dragon:
Thank you for the heads up.
Just don't assume I won't eat you at all.
But in priority you will not be at the top.
Seth could be first, your call.
Seth: And what if it is not death that we pick?
Dragon: I am most curious how you can trick?
Twig: What if we get the narrator to intervene?
Great plan Twig! I'll start the cutscene!

Meanwhile at the Castle.
We find King Lacial on the brink of war and destruction. His Servant was not there to help him, as he was too busy handling his wifes' abduction.

King Lacial:
Looking out my window,
All that I can see,
Is a thousand men strong army
About to attack me.
...
Talking to myself is boring as hell,
I wish my Servant was back so I had a decent excuse to yell.
...
Narrator, please do entertain me for the time being.
Why of course, do you want me to read you a story or something?
King Lacial: No, that won't be necessary. Stories makes me have a great difficult time processing dairy.
Well you do have a whole army to attack, shouldn't you inform the masses?
King Lacial: My janitors are on vacation and won't be back in a while, and my soldiers are in culinary master classes.
Ah, good nutrition is quite vital in war indeed.
King Lacial: It also saves casualties outside war because they foolishly kept eating raw flamingo meat. Delinquents as they are, I'm quite fond of everyone.
So who will be defending the kingdom, oh handsome one?
King Lacial: I could ask Richard and my queen, Eve, to battle the legions of my enemies once more.
But aren't Queen Eve and Richard people you adore?
King Lacial: No, Queen Eve is a guy with a portable magic device, and Richard is afraid of mice.
What does that have to do with your current situation?
King Lacial: Knowing those two little facts will distract me with an enormous contemplation. Also, those statements I made were lies.
So you will fight them on your own?
King Lacial: But then I will lose my whole evil alignment renown!
Let's be fair though, have you ever been truly evil?
King Lacial: Not according to the law I will introduce when they read aloud my will.
Maybe you could send Seth instead?
King Lacial: I doubt it. That dragon he's fighting will most probably kill him dead.
So why not use your power to save him?
King Lacial: I flipped a coin. Seth didn't win.
Well that's life.

Meanwhile back at Seth. Twig, Voice and the Dragon!
Twig: I'm tired of rhyming. Sorry Seth, you're toast.
Oh no, Twig. You broke the chain!
Twig: Things have to end someday and I suppose this is it. It's been a pleasure knowing ya, but this is where our journey together ends. I'll go back to my wife before she disappears and another season appears.
Seth: Well, I guess I cannot win every fight. Farewell Twig and Voice. It has been a pleasure.
Voice: So long Seth. Goodbye!
Seth: It would have sounded more sincere if you and Twig was not running away from me while saying it.
Twig: Heh.
Dragon:
How touching, I'll admit,
though surprised how quickly you submit.
I suspected this to suspend,
and even drag out your pitiful end.
Some tears of woe,
Perhaps even a hero,
Coming the last second to save you,
But there is no one to the rescue?
Seth: Nope. I am all alone now. Just get it over with quickly please.
Dragon: Very well.

The sky turns almost pitch black and the dragon prepares himself to unleash a huge wave of fire that will annihilate everything in its path. Poor Seth. But wait! What is this? The moment the dragon spews out an incredible fiery mass, a bright white light comes down from the heavens and cast its brilliant rays upon Seth!
Seth: What?! Huh? *gargle*

Never mind the brilliant light! Gallons and gallons of pigeon droppings drop from the dark cloud above Seth and the dragon. Even though it is flammable, it's not as hot as the dragon's fire and Seth has almost no trouble swimming out of the liquid mass!

Dragon: Disgusting! Ow! What was that?
I can tell you if you like!
Dragon: Please do.
A wooden sword fell from the sky just as the pigeon poo did and fell on the dragon's back, dealing a single point of damage!
Dragon: ... I can take 1599 more of those. Hah!
There are 2100 pigeons.
Dragon: Aw Cra-
-No, they left that to shield Seth from your fire.
Dragon: Noooooo!

Before long, the dragon is completely pierced through. Seth is the winner of this insane duel!

Seth: Yay!
However, all of the experience points go to... your ex-wife Yuna! She obviously sent all of the pigeons. You could have guessed that right?
Seth: ... Bullocks! Now I have to re-marry that girl for sure.
Probably. Also Twig and Voice returned. How very considerate of them...
Twig: Yeah, well... We saw that pigeon poo coming from a mile away.
Voice: Yeah Seth, how could you not see it fall from the sky?
Twig: Like we'd leave you to your utter demise after everything that we have been through?
Seth: Aww, that is so sweet you guys. I really thought you would leave me to die alone from the fire of the dragon.

And with tears in his eyes and a smile on his face, Seth starts to move onward to his next great adventure.
Writer: Too cheesy.
Nu-huh.

Current combat levels of our heroes:
Seth: 11
Twig: 1
Yuna: 38
Voice: *
Pigeons: Passive agressivity level 0

*This statistic has been removed due to a disagreement between the writer and Voice.

Writer: Oh, you're still here? This is the end by the way. Not sure why any of the other characters didn't announce it, so I guess I have to. Um... I'm terrible at speeches so... Hurray for Seth for surviving and... See you back here for the sequel! This is why I have a narrator, you know. But he... Left I suppose? So now it's up to me, I guess. Um... Yeah... Bye!

-      Fin     -
