
Back Cover
A Young Adult Adventure Sequel to Staff Master by Daniel Paul Sandoval

Seventeen-year-old Connor Coleman has just survived his first stick fighting tournament by knocking out and inadvertently ending the life of a veteran fighting master.  His victory came with a price as he is now exiled from the fighting circuit and the girl he loves.  With his only true friend by his side, Connor embarks on a journey to reunite with his lost love.
Connor’s journey takes a strange twist as one of his former enemies pleads for his help in taking down a major stick fighting tournament hosted in Kyiv, Ukraine.  The plea ignites Connor to take action, which leaves a wake of tragedy and uncertainty for his future life and the love and peace he longs for.  


You can download the first Staff Master Book on Amazon, Barnes and Noble, or purchase it from Muse It Up Publishing.  



Staff Master 2
By Daniel Paul Sandoval

Copyright 2013 Daniel Paul Sandoval
Smashwords Edition

Find me on:
 Smashwords
http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/danielpaulsandoval

Twitter
@sandovalsuccess 

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



I would like to dedicate this book to my two little monsters, Esaias and Oslin.  One day they will conquer nobility, tyranny, and strife through love and patience.


Chapter 1:
Moonlight reflected off the soft rippling Mediterranean water near the dock.  Connor strolled around the deck of the yacht thinking about the lesson on cleaning solar panels and checking charging connections.  He had enjoyed the regimented and predictable pace of his days at sea.  Only a few days were left before his new friends Omar and Jabir returned to Tunisia.  He had found an appreciation for security and solar technology over the last couple of weeks and was now fulfilling his security duty by patrolling the yacht.  Connor felt like this was the worst part of having the guards around, but he was happy to comply with their requests since so many raiders had been reported around Greece.  Despite the reports over the transmitters it seemed that Connor and his friends were far away from the hot spots. 
He thought about sitting on one of the loungers on the deck, but knew he would fall asleep if he didn’t keep moving.  He slapped his cheeks a couple of times and rubbed his eyes.  As he opened his eyes wide to stretch them out he heard a splash in the water.  He recalled the lesson from the guards about approaching each situation with caution and preparedness.  He picked up his staff which was leaning against a doorway close to the yachts helm.  Soon there was another splash.  Connor waited on the deck to see what would happen.  He clutched his staff in both hands.  He heard quiet deep voices speaking in a language he did not comprehend.  Instinctively he hid himself in the shadow of the door.  A man dressed in black with a rifle in his hands crawled onto the deck from the water.  Another was already approaching Connor from the starboard side of the yacht.  Omar and Jabir had taught him to strike quickly and then call for help if the yacht was attacked.  
The man with the rifle was coming closer to Connor and would soon be in plain view.  Connor flew out from the doorway and struck the man directly on the hands and knocked his rifle to the floor.  The rifle inadvertently fired and Connor quickly knocked the man off the yacht and into the water.  He turned around to see three more men in black pointing their rifles at his head.  They walked closer towards Connor speaking in a language foreign to Connor.  He needed his friends to come help him, but knew it might be too late.  Letting go of the hawthorn staff with his left hand he watched as the raiders approached him more quickly.  Knowing he only had a second to make a decision he quickly swung the staff high above his head and spun out of the way of a fired shot.  The staff connected with two of the rifles and Connor was out of range of the remaining gun.  He grasped the staff with both hands and quickly knocked out two of the men before the third had raised his rifle.  Connor pushed the rifle toward the sky with his staff when another shot was fired.  The raider dropped the rifle and reached for a pistol.  Connor heaved his staff at the raider and watched it hit the raider directly in the face.  
More footsteps approached Connor as he stood without his staff.  Connor rolled prostrate along the deck and retrieved his staff.  He sprang into an attack position.  This time the three men in front of him were the Tunisian guards and his friend Andre.  
“Didn’t you hear the gun shots?”  Connor roared.
“You friend like snore too loud.” Omar laughed.
Andre sneered.  “Vut is funny bout dat…vee almost get attack by raiders.”  
Jabir laughed.  “Connor keep us safe.”  
“I am not here to keep you ruddy dogs safe.”  Connor laughed.
Andre finally let out a little smile.  “Vee better call policia to tell vee catch raiders.”  
“You come back to Tunisia and help guard Sami…"  Omar smiled.  "He like you.”  
“I am going to Kyiv and if you two care to join us…you are most welcome.”  Connor poked his staff at Omar's leg.
“You already offer…is very kind."  Jabir gently kicked the staff away from his friends leg.  "But, we return to our duty.”  
“And I will miss you both…Now can you make sure this loot don’t wake up and decide to shoot us?”  Connor asked.
Omar and Jabir lazily confiscated the rifles while Andre called the police in the nearby village.  It only took a few minutes before a patrol boat had come and manacled the raiders.  Andre translated for Connor as they questioned him as to what happened.  Connor relayed the story and most of the officers couldn’t help staring at Connor in amazement.  They finally asked him to demonstrate his skill with the staff and Connor reluctantly obliged.  Connor showed them a basic quarter staff flourish and two different fighting stances.  The police smiled while Connor walked through the motions of quarter staff fighting.  After the demonstration the police went about their work and had everything wrapped up in about an hour.
“Is strange yacht attacked tonight…you wonder why?”  Omar asked.
“I don’t know…I think we could have been attacked at any time…"  Connor pondered Omar's question.  "...this yacht is by far the nicest we’ve seen in the last week.”  
“Is true Connor, but you vunder vhy raiders in dis small village?”  Andre asked.
“They have been raiding all around the country…It was only a matter of time before they hit our yacht."  Connor said.   "It is much nicer than most ships around and it would fetch them a hefty price if they found out it was reported stolen.”  
“Even if not stolen…yacht is worth good deal money.”  Jabir said.
“So now vhut Connor?”  Andre asked.
Connor stretched his arms towards the night sky.  “Well if I could go to sleep I would, but since I can’t we might as well start having these guards teach us everything about the yacht.”  
Jabir and Omar looked at one another and nodded in agreement.  As much as they wanted to get back to Tunisia they both were thoroughly enjoying their time on the yacht.  Omar had Connor follow him to the helm of the yacht while Jabir took Andre below to start reviewing the engine and mechanics of the yacht.  It would be another ten days of instruction before all the intricacies of the ship would be reviewed enough for them to feel confident leaving the yacht with Andre and Connor.     
Chapter 2:
After the raider incident, the yacht spent the next week on open water.  Omar and Jabir kept a strict regimented training schedule.  Security duty was rotated between the crew, but the yacht did not see signs of another ship until one afternoon when something appeared off in the distance.
“What is that coming toward us?”  Connor asked.
“I think it look like a Tunisian ship…not make sense to me Connor.”  Omar said.
Connor pushed the alarm button triggering the signal for everyone to report to the helm.  Andre and Jabir arrived less than a minute later.
“Vhut is going on Connor?”  Andre asked.
Connor looked at Andre's hands covered in oil grease.  “We have a ship approaching us at a pretty rapid pace…Omar thinks it’s a Tunisian ship.”  
“Vee have been at sea for seveen days and zhere is no vay anyone knows vhere vee are.”  Andre said.
“Yesterday Omar showed me the triangulation signal.  Anyone with the yacht’s signal code can easily determine where we are even if we are running an interference signal."  Connor paused a moment until something else clicked in his mind.  "Omar told me that only the Prime Minister had the code.  Is that true Omar?”  
Omar let out a glimmer of a smile.  “Is true Connor…this ship is Prime Minister fleet...we should wait for them.”  
Connor looked at Omar and then at Andre.  He thought about Omar’s suggestion to take the yacht out to sea after the raider attack.  He remembered the attack by the raiders occurring when no one else woke up.  Connor felt suspicious of what might happen if he heeded the advice of Omar.  He knew that the bank notes on board were worth more than what Omar and Jabir had probably ever seen in their life, but also knew that if they really wanted the money they could have taken it while Connor was asleep.  He only had a few seconds to make his decision and then he thought about Maria.  He had tried to forget about her the last week or so, but her memory continued to discomfort Connor’s mind.  He didn’t know if she was alive, if she was in Tunisia, or if she had managed to escape from the coliseum.  It was easier not to think of her, but this might be the opening he had secretly been hoping for to find out if his friend was alright. 
“Let them approach.”  Connor said.
Andre scowled.  “I do not like zis Connor…it does not feel right.”  
“Our friends have taught us everything we need to know about this ship…"  Connor reassuringly put his hand on Andre's shoulder.  "They have proven their trust Andre, and it is time to send them back to their homeland.”  
Omar and Jabir smiled at Connor and Connor smiled back.  He knew he had made the right decision.  Even though it had only been fifteen days of total training, Connor knew there wasn’t much more to learn.  His feelings of suspicion were suppressed when he recognized a code on his navigation screen that identified the verification of the triangulation signal working.  Any transmitted signal from the yacht would have been identifiable.  The only question now was how much information the other ship would have about Maria.
* * * *
“Vhere do vee go now Connor?”  Andre asked.
“I need some time to think Andre.  I did not want to be forced into this decision so quickly.”  Connor said.
He watched the Tunisian ship go southwest and knew that he and Andre were alone again.  Pondering on the news that the Tunisian ship brought was more perplexing than Connor bargained for.  He had not anticipated learning that Maria was spotted with Billy in Tunis on three different occasions.  He also did not anticipate that Billy had banned him from the stick fighting tournament in Kyiv for killing another fighter in competition.  One thing though was clear and that was that Billy had every intention of introducing Kenshi fighters into the world of western stick fighting.  Shuji, along with three other Kenshi fighters were scheduled to compete in the Kyiv tournament.  So now Connor was left with a yacht full of money, knowledge that one of his best friends was at the mercy of a tyrannous man, and that he was now considered a threat by the Kenshi.  This was the thought that stuck out in Connor’s mind.  He needed to figure out how to leverage it and needed more time to think things through.
“Are vee going to just sit here Connor or do you vant to go back to Greece?”  Andre asked impatiently.
Connor paused for a minute or two.  “We are going as far as the Black Sea and will figure things out from there.”  
“Is good decision Connor…I know a good place to go.”  Andre said flatly.
“We will need a place where the yacht blends in and where you can get some more information about what’s expected to take place at the tournament…"  Connor paused.  "...but we can’t go to Kyiv quite yet.  It’s not safe yet Andre.”  
Andre nodded.  “Is good plan to go to Sevastopol and meet vif people on beaches to see vut zhey hear.  Is plenty of nice ship from Russia.  I sink vee go zhere.”  
“That sounds good Andre.  Sevastopol on the Crimea it is.  Are the engines ready to go?” Connor asked.
“Is all ready Connor.”  Andre said.
Connor squared his shoulders and felt focused and balanced.  “Let’s go find out what’s next.”  

Chapter 3:
The air was warm with the distinct smell of salt and sea water as Connor rounded the yacht to enter Sevastopol.  Connor turned the yacht into the first available marina along the Sevastopol bay and was greeted by a man who was dressed in overalls, wore a thick beard and bald head, and spoke very softly.  The man spoke in Russian and from what Connor could gather was asking about papers or money.  Andre engaged the man in conversation and the yacht was soon tied to the marina.  Andre and Connor went below deck to collect their belongings.
"What did he say?" Connor asked.
Andre quickly gathered together some clothes and money.  "He say vee velcome to dock yacht here and to go to resort to find answer."
"Are you sure we should go to this resort Andre?"  Connor asked.
"Vone hundred percent positive Connor."  Andre responded.
Connor watched Andre pack things up.  "I guees I don't know why people would be in Sevastopol when Billy's stick fighting tournament is in Kyiv."  
 "Is very simple Connor...first vee must make contact vith people going to tournament...is very possible zay know vhut is going on vith Billy...vee get good information and zen go to Kyiv."  Andre responded.
Connor looked at Andre cautiously.  "It sounds great in theory, but the tournament begins in three days and we still don't know if I can get past Billy's ban on me fighting."  
"Is not matter if you invited or not...is matter zat vee go..."  Andre's voice sounded reassuring.
"Well then let's go find out if anyone is really lolly gaging around Sevastopol like us."  Connor sneered.
Andre snorted through his nostrils and grabbed his belongings.  Connor wasn't  familiar with cabin fever, but he could tell that Andre needed to get away from the yacht for a while, even if it was for just one night.  Connor gathered up some clothes and money for himself and followed Andre off the yacht.  Andre hailed a cab once they reached the street and asked it to take them to the Aquarius Resort.  The driver bargained with Andre over the price and eventually settled on a payment closer to Andre's original offer. 
The streets in Sevastopol were not very busy, but it still felt like a resort town at the end of the resort season. Vendors had bright souvenirs and beach wear waving in the light breeze.  Tourists were aimlessly roaming around the streets and the first beach they drove by was flecked with umbrellas and beach towels.
As the cab approached the resort, Connor could tell it was high end.  The columns on the twenty story building looked like pure marble and the statues and fountains surrounding the front court yard of the resort were beautifully sculpted from Ukrainian granite.  Connor looked at the people in front of the resort and most of them looked Ukrainian or Russian.  He did not see anything out of the ordinary.  
The cab stopped at the front doors of the resort and Andre and Connor got out of the cab.  They collected their belongings and entered the resort to friendly greetings from the staff who offered to carry their bags.  Andre respectfully declined and was directed to the resorts front desk.  When they arrived at the front desk Andre made arrangements for a room for the night.  
Connor studied the entryway of the resort.  There were small palm trees in large turquoise pots and all of the railings and banisters looked to be exquisitely polished brass.  On one side of the resort was a glass elevator that reached each floor of the resort and the middle of the building was a giant atrium with a glass ceiling letting in natural sunlight all throughout the inside of the resort.
Andre pushed Connor along to the elevator and then pushed the number nineteen once they were in the elevator.  Connor silently waited for them to reach their quarters for the night and Andre tried to look for people on every floor they passed.  By the time they reached their room Connor felt like he needed some serious space away from Andre.  
"Do you mind if I go to the beach and get some rest after we put our things in the room?"  Connor asked.
Andre stayed fixated on looking at the people through the glass of the elevator.  "Not at all...I vould like to get some good food."  
"Perfect...I'll meet you back at the room before dark."  Connor said.
"Very good!"  Andre smiled.
Connor didn't bother to examine the room closely, he went into the bathroom, changed into a pair of shorts, grabbed a towel, and headed back down the elevator.  He suddenly felt a huge sense of relief as the elevator descended to the main floor.  Connor didn't know how long he would be at the beach or if he would run into anyone associated with the tournament in Kyiv.  All he cared about was lying on the beach and forgetting about the last couple of weeks at sea.  
On the main floor Connor asked how to get to the beach.  With the help from one of the workers who spoke decent English he was able to go out the back of the resort, climb down a concrete staircase, and walk right onto the beach.  Connor almost felt like running across the beach to the water, but was a bit apprehensive about causing a scene.  Instead he walked across the long beach towards a kiosk where most of the umbrellas and people were gathered.  Connor laid out his towel next to a young family whose two little children were building sand castles.  Connor smiled at the mother and father and laid out his towel and lied down.  Within a few minutes Connor had drifted to sleep.  
For the first time in a long time Connor's mind was a blank canvas and he mindfully smiled as the sleep continued to consume him.  Connor felt the warmth of the sand on his hands and feet for a long time.  Soon there was a hint of coolness covering his feet.  Connor did not come out of his sleep, but focused on the warmth still touching his hands.  A little while later the warmth from his entire body had gone away and he felt a chill go down the bottom of his foot that caused him to wake up.
     As his eyes opened he spotted two figures at his feet pouring something into the ground.  Connor opened his eyes as wide as he could and saw that it was the two children.  He looked around and found himself covered in sand.  The two children playing at his feet were now looking at him and smiling.  Connor smiled back.
"Do you two know what you just did?"  Connor asked comically.
Both children looked at him as if they didn't know what he had said.  Connor laughed silently and put his head back down.  The parents of the children were jogging back towards Connor from the sea.  They apologized to Connor in Russian and asked for his forgiveness.  Connor just smiled at them and told them it was okay.  He eventually made his way out from under the sand and shook off his towel.  He rubbed the top of the head of each child and waved goodbye to them as he walked toward the water.  The further he got from the kiosk the less people there were.  After walking about twenty two meters he was at the water and contemplating if he should go for a swim.
The sand from the beach was down his shorts and he could feel it in his hair.  He decided to jump in the water which was cooler than he expected.  After swimming out several meters he headed back to the beach.  To Connor's surprise someone was waiting for him by his towel when he got out of the water.
Connor walked up to the young man who he called his competitor a few short weeks ago and looked him square in the eye with a look of seriousness.
"What are you doing here Shuji?"  Connor asked.
Shuji returned Connor's stare and then let out a glint of a grin.  "Is good to see you again staff master."  
Shuji bowed to Connor and Connor respectfully nodded back.
"Why are you here?"  Connor asked again.
Shuji discreetly scanned the beach.  "Is simple and I will tell you now...but we never have this talk...you good with this?"  
Connor paused.  "Go ahead."
Shuji started walking away from the small cluster of people into a more open area on the beach.
"Kenshi is divided and I playing both sides."  Shuji cut straight to the heart of the matter.
"Excuse me?"  Connor retorted.
"There is major problem with Kenshi right now.  One leader want to expand west and other more traditional leader want Kenshi to shut down all stick houses in world and end all abomination of stick fighting."  Shuji's facial expression shifted from being tense to an almost reverent state.  "He want to return stick fighting to art form and promote peace through art form."
"And what do you want?"  Connor was in no mood for games.
Shuji's reverence disappeared and a heightened intensity returned to his face.  "Traditional leader name is Nobuharu and he my great uncle.  He give me mission to join other Kenshi leader and find out how to bring down stick houses."
"So who is this other leader?"  Connor countered.
"His name is Katsu and will be in Kyiv for tournament.  He defeat all Kenshi, but great uncle Nobuharu.  Nobuharu refuse to fight."  Shuji bowed as he spoke his uncles's name.  "Most Kenshi follow Katsu, but is small group who loyal to Nobuharu including me.  I need other fighter who help me find how to take down stick houses and tournaments."
Connor felt like laughing outloud, but restrained himself.  "And you want me to join you?"
"I need help and I trust you staff master.  You prove you are true quarter staff fighter.  Nobuharu tell me I can trust true quarter staff master.  I need just you."  Shuji nodded respectfully toward Connor.
Connor took a long look at Shuji.  "I was taught to never trust the Kenshi."
"Your family have good reason to not trust Kenshi.  Kenshi you father fought is different Kenshi than Kenshi of Nobuharu.  We want same thing and you can help."  Shuji had a slight pleading tone in his voice.
"I don't know Shuji.  This just doesn't add up for me.  Besides, my priority is to find my mom."  Connor instinctively knew that an alliance with Shuji was risky, but was also desperate to find his mom.  "If you can help me with that then I'll think about helping out on your end."
"Who is your mother?"  Shuji asked inquisitively.
Connor sensed a sincere tone in Shuji's voice.  "She was taken by the Kenshi when I was a boy and I believe she is still alive."
"Kenshi take many people to learn secrets of stick fighting around world."  Shuji shook his head.  "Where is mother from?"
Connor felt like he had the slightest glimmer of hope in finding his mom.  "She's American, but she lived with me and my father in England."
"I know one American woman who work for Kenshi.  She very smart and do all business for Katsu.  Nobuharu think she reason Katsu want to go west."  Shuji looked like he was thinking hard.
"Do you know her name?"  Connor could barely contain his enthusiasm.
"I think it something like Celia...Katsu call her CC."
"I think she's my mom!"  Connor realized as he blurted out his excitement and then lowered his voice.  "What else do you know about her?"
Shuji was surprised by Connor's expressive jubilation.  "Nobuhura talk little about her, but he say she help build wealth of Kenshi Empire in Pacific rim."
"So you're telling me my mom is part of the Kenshi?"  Connor's voice deflated.
"I tell you what I know staff master."
Connor was beginning to get agitated.  "Can you stop calling me that Shuji.  Just call me Connor."
"Sure thing Master Connor."  Shuji nodded.
"Just Connor."  Connor shook his head disapprovingly.
Shuji tried to read Connor's body language.  "Connor...okay...Connor,"
Connor felt like he needed to clarify the conversation that was losing its momentum.  "Does CC still work in Japan?"
"She stay with Katsu all time...where Katsu go she go."  Shuji smiled.  "Katsu going to Kyiv for tournament.  CC be with him."
Connor felt a surge of energy hit his nervous system.  "Thank you Shuji.  What do you need me to do?"
Shuji looked down to the ground.  "I know Billy ban you from tournament, but he not ban your coach.  Can coach fight still?"
"He can still fight."  Connor was perplexed by Shuji's question.
"Good.  Have coach fight and you be coach."  Shuji spoke very directly.  "I need to win tournament to gain Katsu's full trust.  Katsu not happy I lose to you Connor."
Connor suddenly felt like he was being played the fool.  "What if you're just doing this to win the stupid tournament?"
"I tell you Connor I need play both side of Kenshi and bring down Katsu."  A sense of urgency returned to Shuji's voice.
"That's great Shuji, but it's going to take more than a tournament victory to take down Katsu and Billy."  Connor's logical train of thought kicked in.  "Let's not forget that they're working together."
"Billy can be defeated, is difficult, but can be done."  Shuji looked as if he knew something Connor didn't.
"What do you mean?"  Connor said bluntly.
Shuji returned his gaze towards the ground.  "Take down Billy first."
"You want me to...?"  Connor wasn't sure what Shuji was asking of him.
"Kill Billy."
Connor's mind instantly flashed back to what happened to Veloz in the final match in El Djem.  His instinct to flee back to England kicked in as well.  "I'm not sure I can do that Shuji.  I'm not in the killing business."
"You study quarter staff.  You know that style of bear is to kill enemy."  Shuji pleaded.  "You kill Veloz."
"Don't remind me of that Shuji.  I didn't mean to kill him."  Connor choked on his words.
Shuji looked intently into Connor's eyes.  "In every art of fighting is style designed to kill.  For you it is bear.  Billy is enemy to our art forms.  He must be killed so we can get to Katsu."
Connor shook his head.  "I don't know Shuji.  This is getting pretty deep.  I just want to find my mom."
"And you know how to find mom.  You must find out which side of Kenshi mother is on after you kill Billy."
Shuji's statement was startling shocking to Connor.  He didn't want to think what it would mean if his mom was on the side he was fighting against.  Connor tried to shut it out of his mind.  "What does that matter?"
"She can help if she loyal to you or is she loyal to Nobuharu."  Shuji was as animated as Connor had ever seen him.
Connor could sense Shuji was reaching.  "I thought you said she was loyal to Katsu?" 
"Is too much confusion with Kenshi to know who is loyal to who."  Shuji quickly responded.
The thought of finding his mother pushed Connor past the point of listening to the logical side of his brain.  "I won't be able to get close to Billy or to my mom very easily.  I know Billy wants nothing to do with me unless he can dispose of me."
Shuji's excitement heightened.  "Is why I trust you to kill him.  Nobuharu trust you too.  When I tell him of you he say you can do anything with a staff."
"Look Shuji, I just don't know."  Connor was emotionally torn between finding his mom and purposefully agreeing to kill another man.
"You going to Kyiv, yes?"
"Well yeah...I just didn't know I'd be this close to finding my mom."  Connor couldn't believe he was in the thick of finding his mom.  "I thought I'd pick up some clues or get invited to fight somewhere in the pacific if I kept fighting."
"Look Connor.  Kenshi not invite western figther to Japan to fight.  Maybe you get fight in Hawaii or San Francisco, but not close to Japan."  Shuji tried to put perspective on the situation.  "This maybe only chance to take strike at Kenshi outside of Japan and you can get close."
Connor played out a series of potential scenarios in his mind trying to foresee all the problems he might encounter.  "And what if I have a shot at Katsu?  Do I take it?"
Shuji felt like Connor was beginning to consent.  "Katsu too disciplined to give you chance at him.  We not need Katsu yet, we need to take down Billy and show Katsu that going west is bad idea.  If lucky we get more information to take down Katsu when I return victorious to Japan."
"So you'll let me do your dirty work and disappear so that you can maybe bring down Katsu.  That's not how this is going to work Shuji."  Connor was digging deep and the thought of his mom pushed him on.  "If you want my help I'm going to go all the way with you, even if that means going to Japan to figure out how my mom is involved in all of this."
Shuji looked down at the sand deep in thought.  He slowly raised his head and Connor could see a glint of tears in his eyes.  "You are more than I thought Connor.  We will go together to the end."
Connor could feel how much this plan meant to Shuji.  "I can't promise that I'll kill Billy, but I'll do my best to get him out of the way."
"After you take care of Billy go to Japan.  There is small village called Zamami in Okinawa.  You go there and find me.  Is where I train."  Shuji nodded. 
Connor looked puzzled.  "Do you expect us to take down the Kenshi from there?"
"We will need place to regroup and plan.  We will know how vulnerable Kenshi is after Billy is defeated."  Shuji reassured him.
"Just to be clear...I need to enter Andre in the tournament in Kyiv, figure out a way to get close to Billy, get rid of Billy, and see if my mom is loyal to Nobuharu.  Is that right?"  Connor reiterated.
"Yes Connor.  No matter what happen after Billy dead we meet in Zamami."
"I'll see you then."  Connor responded.
Shuji politely bowed to Connor and quickly walked away.  Connor's head was swirling.  The last person he expected to meet on the beach was Shuji and he had just agreed to help him attempt to bring down the Kenshi Empire.  The thought of purposefully doing harm to someone churned Connor's stomach even though it was someone he hated; he couldn't settle his nerves with what he just agreed to do.  Connor felt queasy and dry heaved on the beach.  He staggered back to his towel and headed back to his room.  

Chapter 4:
Connor looked at Andre across the table in the restaurant dining room.  He had hardly spoken two words to Andre since they woke up.  Andre seemed happy to be up and about while he cheerfully conversed with people in Ukrainian and Russian.  Connor was struggling with how he would tell Andre what he agreed to do.  He had rationalized why it would be a good thing for Billy to die, but it didn't parallel his values and respect for life.  After the server arrived with breakfast, Connor finally mustered the strength to say something.
"How was your night?"  Connor asked.
Andre glared across the room.  "Is good Connor."
Andre looked ravenously at his breakfast and tore into the meat, potatoes, and eggs on his plate.  
Connor interrupted the meal.  "I meet a stick fighter yesterday."
Andre paused in his motion of eating and looked up at Connor.  
"I know what we need to do next."  Connor announced.
Andre finished chewing and swallowing.  "Vee vill talk at yacht.  Vee leave Sevastopol dis afternoon."
Andre gave Connor an approving nod and continued to devour his breakfast.  Connor could hardly stomach the idea of eating, but managed to eat some hot cereal and fruit.  The combination of good grains and fresh fruit helped his stomach settle.  
After breakfast, Andre instructed Connor to pack his belongings and meet him in the lobby in an hour.  He also told Andre he had one stop to make before they went back to the yacht.  Connor was very agreeable to the arrangements.  As much as he had wanted to get off of the yacht he now wanted a safe space where he could let out everything pent up inside.
By the time Connor made it to the lobby to depart he started feeling a sense of relief.  He knew he'd be able to get his bearings again on the yacht.  Connor waited five minutes in the lobby and Andre was nowhere in sight.  He had the front desk call up to the room, but no one answered.  Connor finally asked one of the concierges if he had seen Andre.  The concierge informed him that he saw Andre leave in a taxi shortly after he finished eating, but that he had not seen him return.  When Connor asked where he went the concierge didn't seem to know, but he remembered that he had asked for the address of a vodka bar the night before.  Connor thanked the concierge, paid the hotel bill, and caught a taxi to the place Andre likely drank away the night.
When Connor arrived at the Vodka bar a sign on the window said it was closed.  After paying the taxi driver he walked up to the front door.  The door was locked, but Connor could hear voices inside.  The voices were speaking Russian and one of them sounded similar to Andre's voice.  Connor cautiously looked through the darkened windows and couldn't tell what was happening inside.  Connor quickly walked around the block to see if he could find an alley behind the bar thinking there might be a back door that was open.
Connor dropped his bags behind a garbage barrel half way down the alley and took out his staff.  He carefully perused the doors to see if he could identify the back door to the bar.  One of the doors was slightly open and Connor cautiously approached it to see if he could see or hear anything.  The voices weren't as clear as they were from the front entrance, but he could still hear them and the distinct smell of vodka lingered faintly in the air.  Connor slowly walked down the hallway that lead to the back entrance while the sounds of the voices became more and more profound.  As Connor approached the end of the hallway he could distinctly identify Andre's voice and it sounded like he was in some sort of argument with the other voices.  
Clutching his staff he crouched and made his way behind the bar.  Connor was frustrated that he couldn't speak Russian and knew he wouldn't need to be taking these drastic measures if he did.  A small protrusion of light shined through a small part of the bar.  Connor quickly crawled to the light and could make out the layout of the room.  He saw Andre sitting at on a chair and three other men standing over him.  One of the men was carrying a gun and the other two men were very tall and broad.  The lack of light in the room prevented Connor from identifying Andre's circumstance.  He couldn't tell if he was tied to the chair, voluntarily sitting down or if he was being interrogated.  
After several minutes of watching, Connor could only assess that the other men were disagreeing with what Andre was telling them.  Finally one of the large men grabbed Andre and hoisted him off the chair.  Connor finally saw what he had been looking for.  Andre had a bloddy lip and bloodied nose.  Connor sprang out from behind the bar and hit the large man not holding Andre in the knee cap.  The man immediately collapsed.  Connor spun and knocked the gun out of the hand of the other man and then delivered a jolting thrust into the man's face.  Andre meanwhile grabbed the neck of the man holding him and started squeezing with all his strength.  Connor jabbed the man in the gut forcing all the air out of the man.  The other large man tried throwing a bottle at Connor and missed.  Connor retaliated with a crushing blow to his head knocking the man out.  Andre ultimately took enough air out of the other man that he passed out.  
Connor put his arm around Andre to help him out.  "We need to get out of here, let's go out the back."
Connor led Andre out the back door.  He grabbed his belongings down the alley and went to the street and hailed a taxi.  They were on their way back to the yacht in a matter of minutes.  Connor looked at Andre's face and could tell he had been roughed up quite a bit.  He checked to make sure nothing was broken and when Andre complained about a pain by his ear Connor ceased the informal examination.
The ride back to the yacht was shorter than Connor remembered.  As the taxi came to a stop Connor quickly gave the driver some money and grabbed his belongings and Andre to board the yacht.  He untied the line anchoring the yacht to port and quickly made his way to the helm.  Andre followed him to the wheel after he grabbed a bag of ice from below deck.  
When the yacht was on its way out to sea Connor felt a need to lash out at Andre, but restrained his emotions.  "What exactly was that all about?"
Andre looked at him ashamed.  "I tell you and you not believe me, but I tell you anyway.  Vhen I boy I have uncle who make lots of money for mafia.  He tell me one time if I go to Sevastopol to ask about black sapphire.  Is mafia myth in Kyiv dat mafia in Sevastopol have magic jewel to make people do what you want.  I sink is joke so when I out last night I make joke about finding black sapphire.  On way back to hotel is man who tell me to meet him back at bar and he show me real black sapphire."
"So you went out drinking and were told that this magic sapphire exists and decided to come back and check it out on your own?"  Connor sounded authoritative.
Andre waved his hand in front of his face.  "I not drinking Connor.  I go and dance.  Is fun for me.  And I think man really has something like black sapphire and maybe he want to sell it to me so I come back."
"Was the man one of the guys that was beating you up?"  Connor couldn't let go of his feelings of disappointment.
"No!"  Andre sounded defensive.  "Men wait for me in front of bar and bring me in as soon as I get out of taxi."
Connor was still irritated with the whole situation.  "Why were they beating you up?"
"Zey keep asking vhere is black sapphire.  I tell zem I not have it.  I don't know what happen Connor.  Is stupid mistake for me."  Andre finally admitted.
"It was pretty reckless, but it doesn't really add up."  Connor finally felt like he could let it go.
Andre shrugged his shoulders.  "Is same what I sink."  He remorsefully patted Connor on the back.  "You not tell me what happen with other staff fighter."
Connor looked at Andre's penitent countenance and felt sympathy for his friend.  "You won't believe this.  I met with Shuji."
"Kenshi fighter from El Djem tournament?"  Andre perked up.
"Yes.  Same exact one.  He told me that the Kenshi is divided right now and that he's fighting on the side to stop the expansion of the Kenshi in the west."  Connor's pace of speech increased.
Andre looked shocked.  "Impossible.  Kenshi not divided."
"That's what I thought, but it's not really a public division."  Connor countered.  "It's more internal and it's at the top of their organization.  There is a man named Nobuharu who is Shuji's uncle.  He is the one who doesn't want to expand west and then there is another man named Katsu who is going to be at the tournament in Kyiv.  Katsu is working with Billy."
"Nobuharu is old Kenshi master for very long time.  He must be weak for division in Kenshi."  Andre had a worried look on his face.
"Sounds like you believe me."
Andre nodded.  "Sounds like is possibility."
Connor continued.  "It gets deeper."
"How deep?"  Andre asked.
"Shuji asked me to do something."
"Vhut he ask?"  Andre asked.
"He wants me to hurt Billy."  Connor stared at Andre.
Andre paused and looked intently at Connor.  "Kenshi vant you to work for zem."
"It's not that simple Andre.  Shuji believes there is someone working closely with Katsu and Billy who might turn on them if the opportunity is right."  Connor's stare continued.
Andre was equally fixated on the conversation.  "And who is person?"
"My mom."  Connor finally broke his concentration
Andre stood to his feet.  "Connor.  Dis crazy vhut zey ask!"
"And I need to enter you into the tournament in Kyiv so I can get close."  Connor felt like he had to let Andre know everything.
"I can't fight."  Andre admitted.
Connor was speculative.  "You can fight!  You almost beat me."
"Zat before you found you power to fight."  Andre said disappointingly.
"Veloz is not around anymore and you are one of the best in the world even if your body isn't what it used to be."  Connor coached.
Andre was discouraged.  "You ask me to make big sacrifice Connor.  Fight may bring me bad injury and I no recover."
"Would you sacrifice yourself to stop the Kenshi?"  Connor persisted.
"I don't know Connor.  Maybe is time to run and hide?"  Andre proposed.
Connor felt frustrated.  "It's time to take a stand.  You convinced me to fight in El Djem, it's your turn to take action!"
"I vill go to Kyiv, but I not promise fight.  Vee go and see vhut is going on and decide."  Andre conceded. 
Connor felt bad for pressuring Andre.  "You don't need to be afraid about winning the tournament Andre.  We might be able to pull things off before you even fight, but you fighting is the only way to get close to Billy."
"Is stupid Connor.  Like stupid for me to go look at black sapphire."  Andre cautioned.
"I don't know if that's stupid Andre."  Connor swallowed his chastisement for Andre's misadventure.  "I think it's your curiosity getting the better of you and I'm sure your curious to see if Shuji's story is true, just like you were curious to see if I could really become what you thought I was."
"Fine Connor!  You Vin!  Vee go, but I not promise to fight, only register!"  Andre demanded.
Connor glinted out a smile and accelerated the throttle toward Kyiv.  

Chapter 5:
The warm sun cast crispness into the late summer air.  Some of the leaves on the banks of the Dnieper River were flecked with orange and gold though the landscape was predominantly green.  Connor marveled at the hills on the west side of the river landmarked with cathedrals and other places of worship.  On the east of the river was a never ending jungle of sky rise apartment buildings.  He watched Andre on the deck of the yacht soaking in his homecoming.  Connor had been hopeful during the two day journey up the Dnieper and he sensed that something big was about to happen.  
Andre came in from the deck and approached Connor.
"Vee vill need to dock on west bank and den vee go to east bank."  Andre said flatly. 
Connor sensed some apprehension in Andre's voice.  "Are you worried about someting?"
"Vee must keep nice yacht vif other yachts and not spark curiosity and zen vee disappear til tournament, is my condition."  Andre talked as if he had a plan in his head while being enchanted by his home city.
Connor abided Andre's requests.  "That's fine show me where to dock."
Andre took command of the yacht and eventually docked just past the large hills on the west side of the city.  A private dock guaranteed safety of their yacht for a fairly steep price, but Connor let Andre handle all the transactions.
Before Connor knew it Andre had hailed a taxi and was giving directions to the driver.  The driver nodded his head, waited for both men to get in the vehicle and then drove in the opposite direction of the east bank and into the heart of the city before he veered south and then suddenly took a drastic turn east across a high bridge that Connor remembered going under with the yacht.  Connor could once again see the cathedrals on the west bank and apartment building on the east bank.  As they crossed over to the east bank he noticed fishermen out on the river and a few people playing volleyball on the banks of the river.  
After the driver crossed the bridge a different world emerged.  Make shift tents and homemade kiosks lined the streets as independent vendors solicited milk, sour cream, cheese, meat, fruits, vegetables, and other items to pedestrians.  The driver continued his course through the apartment buildings for a few miles until the landscape became entirely flat and the apartment buildings became shorter and spaced out further apart.  The apartments disappeared altogether quickly and all that was left were small little hut like structures surrounded by vined fences, vegetation, and trees.  The driver turned off the main road and onto a dirt road.  He drove down the road for about a mile until he came to the end of the road and one lone hut surrounded by a harvest of delectable buffet growing fruits and vegetables.  Andre handed the driver a generous sum of money and they unloaded their belongings from the trunk and watched the driver leave.
"Are you worried someone will find out where we are?"  Connor asked.
"Anything possible Connor...he good man and maybe no tell if asked or maybe not.  Is fine, vee here and only dock foreman know vhut vee look like and driver.  Is good, come… is time you meet my old trainer."
Connor was curious.  "You're trainer lives here?"
"Is my trainer before my trainer."  Andre sounded as if he just asked a riddle.
"What do you mean?" Connor asked.
Andre winked.  "Come.  You vill see."
Andre opened the gate towards the hut like structure.  As he walked in an orange cat arrogantly walked past them and out the gate.  Andre approached the door and knocked with a smile on his face.  A younger woman wearing dirt laden clothes opened the door.  Behind the dirt caked on her face and hands along with her grimy hair was an angelic face.  The woman was probably at least ten years older than Connor.  She spoke with Andre in Russian and didn't seem to trust Andre.  After several minutes of talking the woman finally invited Andre inside.  Andre motioned for Connor to follow.  
The hut was cool, damp, and silent.  It was only one large room and had seven beds in the back corner, a large table next to a cast iron stove and a fire place opposite the stove.  In the middle of the room were several stools including a large wooden chair padded with pillows where an elderly woman sat knitting.  The younger woman approached the older woman and spoke to her softly.  The older woman rose to her feet immediately.  The younger woman guided her towards Andre.  Andre knelt down and let the old woman touch his face.  She spoke to him and Andre spoke back, but Connor could not hear or understand what they were saying.  He simply knew the woman loved Andre and Andre reverenced the old woman.  
After a few minutes of watching the two embrace and the younger woman wipe away a few tears Andre called for Connor.  "Connor.  This is my grandmother.  She raise me when I was young.  I call her Babushka."
Andre then spoke something in Russian to Babushka and the old woman reached her hands for Connor.  Connor allowed the woman to place her wrinkled and callused hands on his face.  She spoke softly to Connor in Russian.  He couldn't understand what she said and he couldn't get past the stale smell of old vegetables on the woman's breathe. 
After politely enduring the introduction, Connor gingerly took a step backwards.  "Can you tell Babushka that I'm glad to meet her?"
Andre translated for Connor.  Babushka grabbed Connors hands and kissed them.  She led Connor and Andre to the large table and spoke to the younger woman.  The younger woman went outside and came back in with a large pot with a lid on it.  She lit the stove and placed the pot on it.  Babushka sat at the table and smiled while Connor finally saw in the light from a nearby window that her eyes were nearly completely covered in gray.  He looked at Andre who was gently stroking Babushka's shoulder.
"Who's the younger lady?"  Connor asked.
The woman slightly turned her head as she continued to work at the stove.
Andre held Babushka's hands.  "She is voman from village and caretaker of Babushka, is good voman."
Connor watched as the younger woman turned her head back towards the stove.  "Are we going to stay here until we have to go to Kyiv?"
"Yes Connor...is good for Andre to relax and see Babushka."  Andre admired his Babushka.  "Is many years I'm gone.  Babushka is old and coming to end of life."
Connor was touched by Andre's softer side, but he had a burning desire to get to Kyiv.  "How long do you figure we have before we have to be back to register."
"Maybe two or three days.  I know man in village who vill know.  I vill ask day after tomorrow."  Andre replied. 
"So I guess we just relax?"  Connor commented.
"Is time to rest now."  Andre placed his hand softly on Babushka's shoulder.  "Babushka make Ukranski Borsch for us.  Is best food on planet."
Connor could smell the soupy dish permeate the room.  "Sounds good to me."
A few minutes later the younger woman brought over bowls, spoons, a loaf of round brown bread and a stick of butter.  She then brought over the pot of borsch and ladled generous helpings into everyone's bowl.  She also sat down and began to eat.  Connor took a spoonful and was reminded of a stew his mom used to make only the borsch had some unique flavors and textures he was not familiar with.  He quickly acclimated to the new taste and consumed the entire bowl.  The younger lady smiled at Connor and cut him a large slice of bread, spread butter across it and gave it to him while she ladled another bowlful of borsch.  Babushka smiled as she heard the borsch being served again.  Connor ate until he was full.  Andre did the same.  By the time they finished the sun was beginning descend into the west.  Connor helped the younger lady clean up while Andre sat and talked with Babushka.  
The younger woman was friendly and showed Connor where the outdoor sink was.  In a detached shed off the house was a small refrigerator and cupboard of bowls, plates, and eating utensils.  The sink did not have hot water, but was effective.  After they finished cleaning up, the woman grabbed a kettle and some cups and went inside to put the kettle on the stove.  Connor watched everything she did.  He saw how she lit the stove and turned on a make shift gas unit to get the stove to heat quickly.  After the water bowled the woman brought in a jar of jam and placed a spoonful of jam in each cup.  She then poured the hot water into the cups.  She stirred each cup and served Andre and Babushka.  She then returned to the stove and served a cup to Connor and poured one for herself.  She motioned for Connor to follow her out of the hut.  
The woman led Connor outside the front door and sat on a chair just outside.  There was another chair next to her and Connor took the seat.  As he looked towards the setting sun he thought about his home and how he had no one to return to in England.  
"This place is beautiful."  Connor commented.
"I glad you think so."  The woman spoke. 
Connor was startled by the words that he heard.  He turned to the woman.  "You speak English?"
The woman turned to Connor.  "Yes I speak very well.  Better than your friend in there."
"I didn't know."  Connor apologized.
"It's alright.  Most people don't think a country girl like me can be refined enough to speak English."  The woman smiled.
Connor smiled back.  "How did you learn?"
"My family was taught by American missionaries who held English classes in our village while I was growing up."  The woman took a sip of her drink. 
Connor was intrigued.  "You almost have a perfect American accent."
"Thank you."  She replied. 
"What's your name by the way?"  Connor asked. 
"I'm Lena."
"Nice to meet you Lena.  I'm Connor."
"I know your name."  Lena took another sip.
"Well I guess you do."  Connor chuckled.  "Why didn't you tell Andre you spoke English?"
"He didn't ask."  Lena let out a sly grin.
Connor was suddenly full of questions.  "Did you know Andre growing up?"
"No.  He is probably at least ten or twelve years older than me."  Lena reminisced.  "When my family moved to this village, Andre was already in training.  The last time he came to visit his Babushka was probably twelve years ago.  I didn't even see him, he came for only one night when my mother was caring for his Babushka.  She told us about it, but she was the only one who saw him."  Lena turned her attention to Connor.  "Do you really think you'll stay for a few days?"
"I'm pretty certain we will.  Andre is in a much better place than he was back then."  Connor thought of Andre's possible drinking problems during his last visit.
"How would you know?"  Lena inquired.  "You've got to be younger than twenty."
"I just know a lot about him.  That's all."  Connor played it off.
Lena let out a slight scowl.  "Well I think if he leaves again he might break his Babushka's heart."
"He might, but he has promised to help me find my mom."  Connor diverted the conversation.
"Where's your mom?"  Lena asked.
"We think she's in Kyiv, but aren't sure."  Connor shrugged.
Lena sipped more tea.  "Then why are you here... for the stick fighting tournament?"
Connor felt like Lena could see right through him.  "She might be part of it...it's a long story."
"Well I hope he doesn't just disappear like he did last time."  Lena cut to the chase. 
Connor felt defensive of his friend.  "I'm telling you he's in a better place."
"That's great, but Babushka didn't know he was alive until about six months ago when she got a letter from him."  Lena sat back and took another sip.  "She's always worried."
"She has a right to be."  Connor didn't want to talk about Andre any more.  "So do you live with her here?"
"Yes.  My family moved to America after my mother died and I decided to stay."  Lena said coldly.
"I'm sorry to hear that."  Connor said empathetically.
"It's alright."  Lena was visibly upset.  "There was nothing we could do about it.  Anyhow, my father is re-married and my brothers are happy in America."
Connor felt bad for Lena.  "Well that's good."
"It's good for them."  Lena commented.
"Do you want to see them again?"
"I don't know.  I'm not very adventurous."  Lena relaxed a bit.  "This is the life I know and love."
Connor thought of his home in England and the forests he grew up in.  "I understand."  
"How could you understand?"  Lena questioned.
"I grew up on a farm similar to this in England.  We almost lived off the land until my mom was taken."  Connor paused.  "I had a hard time leaving it.  I sometimes want to go back, but I want to find my mom more than that right now."
"It sounds like you are brave Connor."  Lena admired.
Connor's confidence grew.  "I'm just trying to do what's right and find my way."
"Well I hope you can convince Andre to find the right way in his life."  Lena retorted sarcastically.
"I'm not making any promises."  Connor smiled at Lena.
Lena smiled back."Fair enough."
Connor sat back and watched the night sky appear over the bread basket of Europe.  He felt a sense of calmness in the midst of a chaotic chain of events and he wanted to soak in every minute of it.  

Chapter 6:
  Connor woke up as the sun shined into the small house.  The air in the house was cool and comforting as the rays of the sun slowly brought warmth to the day.  Babushka and Andre continued to sleep, but Lena was already awake and working at the stove.  She wore a sleeping gown that had short sleeves and was cut off at Lena's mid-thigh.  Connor stood up and felt the cold floor spark a chill up his legs.  He quickly found his bag and put on a pair of socks and walked over to the stove.
"What's for breakfast?"  Connor vocalized not thinking anyone else was awake.
"Good morning Connor."  Lena spoke quietly.
Connor's senses heightened.  "Oh, so sorry. Good morning."
"I usually make a dish called kasha."  Lena chuckled while Connor rubbed his eyes and stretched his arms.  "Most people in Ukraine think it's a dish for babies, but Babushka and I think it's great.  The American missionaries showed me some different ways to prepare it and I like it.  We also have ukrainski bread."
Connor was starved.  "It sounds good to me."
"Well I just started to boil the water so you'll have to wait a bit."  Lena said.
Connor yawned.  "That's fine.  How'd you sleep?"
Lena shrugged.  "Same as always."
"What's that mean?"  Connor sat down at the table across from Lena.
"I don't sleep very well."  Lena looked serious.
Connor tried to wake himself up and focus.  "Really, do you know why?"
"No, I just don't sleep well at night."  Lena’s voice was still quiet.  "I usually wake up in the middle of the night and stay up for a couple hours, fall back asleep for another hour or two and then I'm up."
"What do you do with yourself?"  Connor yawned.
Lean looked back at the stove.  "What do you mean?"
"What do you do when you're up in the middle of the night?"  Connor clarified.
"I read."
Connor was curious.  "What do you read?"
"Mostly the Bible."  Lena continued cooking. 
Connor was surprised.  He thought about how organized religion in England had almost been demonized a few decades ago.  "Are you pretty religious then?" 
"I suppose I am.  Most people in Kyiv are religious in some way or another, despite the persecution."  Lena figuratively winced.  "I go to church on Sunday and Babushka stays home.  She says she's too tired to leave the house."
Connor was impressed that Kyiv still had functioning churches.  "I've never read the Bible."
"Didn't your mom or dad ever want you to go to church?"  Lena asked. 
"I guess they really didn't."  Connor thought about things for a minute.  "We didn't live close to any churches and never had a Bible.  My mom was the only one I remember ever talking about faith.  She said there was One I should believe in, but she didn't really say much else."
"So, what do you think about it?"  Lena questioned.
"I don't know."  Connor was always intrigued by faith, but he never really gave it much thought.  "The only thing I really believe in is family."
"Well then you are already religious."  Lena smiled.
Connor was confused.  "How do you mean?"
"Well we are all part of God's family and are his sons and daughters."  Lena spoke confidently.
Connor's logic took hold of the conversation.  "That's ridiculous.  We don't even know if God is real."
"You have to believe that he is real."  Lena challenged.
Connor felt comfortable with believing in the unknown, but he was uncertain about putting a name on something so abstract.  "How do you believe in something you can't see or touch?"
"Do you believe in the wind?"  Lena asked.
"What?"  Connor wasn't following.
Lena clarified.  "You can't see the wind or really touch the wind, but no one disputes that the wind isn't real."
"But we can measure the wind and tell what it's doing."  Connor shook his head.     
"We can tell what God is doing too and we can measure his goodness by all the beauty around us."  Lena gently leaned into the table.  "We just need to listen and be willing to stick out our hand to feel his presence in our life, just like we sometimes stick out our hand to feel the wind."
"I don't know that it's the same thing."  Connor wasn't sure if he was buying into the analogy.
Lena refocused.  "Haven't you ever had an experience that you couldn't explain, but still knew it happened?"
"I suppose so...I sometimes do this meditation thing that helps me, I don't know why I really do it, but it helps me."  Connor felt good about discussing something he was comfortable with.
Lena beamed a smile.  "Your meditation is what I would call a prayer."
"But I'm not praying to anyone, I just close my eyes and focus on one thing."  Connor clarified. 
"What do you focus on?"  Lena asked.
Connor paused.  "I usually focus on my training."
Lena continued to probe.  "What does that training remind you of?"
"It reminds me of my dad, my childhood, and the animal styles I use in my fighting."  Connor responded.
"What if you thought about the possibility of God?"  Lena questioned. 
Connor felt misdirected.  "I don't know what God looks like or anything about him, it would be hard to meditate on something I didn't know much about."
"What if we did it together?"  Lena suggested.
Connor was still feeling reluctant.  "I think it'd be best if we just left things as they are.  I'm not ready to learn about God."
"I understand."  Lena stood up and walked toward the stove.  "Breakfast is almost ready and I have a lot of work to do today.  It's almost time to harvest."
"I'll help you with what you have to do if you want."  Connor offered.
"Sounds good.  Sit down and let's eat."  Lena smiled. 
Lena served Connor a bowl of a hot mushy substance that was sweet.  He ate the dark colored bread with a smear of butter and filled his stomach.  Shortly after he finished eating, Babushka and Andre woke up and Lena served them.  The three of them conversed in Russian about something.  Connor was quietly polite during the conversation.  After Andre had finished his breakfast he asked what the plan for the day was.  Andre told him that he wanted to stay with Babushka for the day.  Connor was excited to get his hands in the dirt and return to his roots of farming.  
By the time Connor had changed into clothes that were appropriate for getting dirty, Lena was walking out the back door.  He quickly followed her.  She went into a small enclosed structure and took out some shovels, gloves, a deep wheelbarrow, and a plastic jar filled with water.  Andre watched as she quickly organized everything and started pushing the wheelbarrow out towards the thicket of trees behind the house.  
"Where are we going?"  Connor asked excitedly.
Lena silently laughed.  "I am going to the potato field."
"So we're harvesting potatoes?"  Connor interjected. 
"This morning we are harvesting potatoes, later this morning we'll be harvesting apples from the orchard."
"I thought you just harvested from the area around the house."  Connor sought clarificiation.
"In the country we all share the land for growing.  We work together."  Lena laughed as she hurried off in front of Connor.  "We will get enough potatoes to store through the winter and enough apples to preserve over the winter."
"Do you and Babushka make any money?"  Connor was used to selling a crop to earn money.
"No Connor.  All we have comes from the land.  Babushka inherited her house from her father and the land around it.  She actually owns most of the land in the village."  Lena slowed down so Connor could catch up.  "She has allowed other families and people to build houses on it if they promised to work the land.  Most of them sell some of what they grow, but Babushka likes to live humbly."
Connor was intrigued by Babushka's decision.  "Is the land worth money?"
"It's worth quite a bit of money.  Some government official wanted to buy it to build more apartment homes on a few years back."  Lena's posture improved as she spoke.  "Luckily I was around to help Babushka file the paperwork to protect her land a couple years before that.  Since then we've only had business men come and try to buy her land.  She always refuses and I always show them the paperwork that protects her land from being purchased while she's alive."
Connor's mind jumped forward.  "So do you get the land when she dies?"
Lena hesitated in answering as the wheelbarrow just hit a rock in the grove of trees and jostled her grip.  "No one gets the land.  She has left the land to the village.  The village will need to form a governing body and decide how to govern the land."  Lena regained control of the wheelbarrow and kept moving.  "My guess is they will probably sell it when she dies.  I told her not to do it, but she still believes they are good and honest people, she doesn't see all the things I see."
Connor watched as the trees suddenly disappeared and an enormous field appeared.  "Wow, is this the potato field?"
"Doesn't look like they're ready yet."  Lena bent over and dug up a potato and examined it more closely.  "I thought they'd be ready this week.  Oh well, let's go to the orchard."
Lena walked off around the rim of the field and Connor followed her.  "So what about the village?"
"Well it's just that the world is becoming more evil, even in the smallest parts like our village."  Lena commented.
"Did you try to get Babushka to leave the land to Andre?"  Connor offered a suggestion.
"She didn't want to.  She really didn't know if he was alive or not when we were making those decisions."  Lena sounded as if she was second guessing the decision.  "Besides, he wouldn't stick around to take care of things."
Connor stopped talking and thought about things for a minute.  He thought how ironic it was that Andre could have the one thing Connor desperately wanted in life, but would probably refuse it because he didn't value it.  He could tell Lena valued the land and understood many of the things Connor did from being in the land and with the land.
"I could spend a lifetime here."  Connor said.
"Well I guess we'll see how good you do with picking apples, the orchards just up ahead."  Lena motioned with her head a pathway to their right.
Connor looked and could see a small pathway leading out of the field.  He knew it was probably a good while before they actually got to the orchard, but he was soaking in the experience of the trees, open sky, smell of nature, and greenery all around.
The work in the orchard took most of the morning.  Connor had filled the wheelbarrow with apples while Lena had collected four baskets of tomatoes.  The baskets were sitting in the orchard when they had arrived and after Lena showed Connor which apples to pick she had disappeared with the baskets.  
By the time the harvest was over Connor felt famished. "Are we going to walk back to the house to eat?"
"Eat a couple of apples while we're here."  Lena tossed Connor two apples.  "It will help us get back to the house."
Connor caught the apples and bit into one.  He had forgotten how sweet food could taste when it was freshly picked.  He savored each bite and then ate the other apple.  Lena also ate an apple and then a tomato.  She then positioned the baskets to hang from the handle of the shovel and lifted the handle across her shoulders and started walking.
Connor was shocked to see Lena lift the shovel with the baskets.  "Isn't that heavy?"
"It's fine.  Let's go and get back."  Lena grunted.
The wheelbarrow in front of Connor was huge and appeared to weigh at least forty kilograms.  He lifted it and could tell the trip back home would take longer than the fifteen minutes it took to get to the orchard.  He started walking and felt the weight push against his desire to keep up with Lena.  Continuing to press forward he finally got a decent pace going.  By the time he got back to the potato field his shoulders were burning and his hands clutched tight.  Step after step was a struggle to keep pace with Lena, but he eventually caught her on the other side of the potato field.  Connor knew he would pass her in the grove of trees and by the time he reached the house Lena was at least one hundred meters ahead of him.  He sat the wheelbarrow down next to the small enclosure Lena got it from and he stopped to catch his breath.  
He looked up and watched as Lena dripped sweat as she stumbled closer to the house, Connor could tell something was wrong and then Lena suddenly fell to the ground.  Connor rushed over to her.  She was conscious, but looked panicked.  He took the shovel off her shoulder and cleared the spilled tomatoes away from her.  Gently he placed her head on the ground and called for Andre.  Andre came out of the house and stared at the situation.  Connor yelled that he bring some water.  Lena took long blinks with her eyes and nodded her head as Connor asked if she needed water.  When Andre arrived with a bucket and cup Connor gently wiped water across Lena's hot forehead.  He gave her a small drink.  She sipped and then her eyes closed and she lost consciousness.  Andre and Connor lifted her into the house and tried to cool her down.  
The house was much cooler then the outside temperature, but Lena continued to lie unconscious.  Babushka took over tending to Lena when they brought her inside.  She gently placed wet rags on Lena's head and chest and stripped her down to her nightgown.  Babushka also instructed Andre to boil water outside and then to quickly bring it to her.  Connor watched as Babushka waved steam into the face Lena and then put cold water packs on her head.  After an hour of tending to Lena she slowly woke up.  Babushka spoke to her in Russian and held her hand tightly.  She had her drink some warm water and gave her something else to drink that Connor didn't recognize.  Lena sipped the liquid and rested.  Andre eventually came to Connor and escorted him out of the house.  

Chapter 7:
Connor went back to the tomatoes Lena had spilled when she fell and started to try and salvage what he could.  Andre followed him and cleaned up what he could.  After they picked things up Andre took Connor to the front of the house where they sat exactly in the same seats Lena and Connor sat the night before.
Andre broke a long silence.  "Babushka think is good idea for me stay."
Connor didn't respond right away.  He reflected on his conversation with Shuji and thought about the possibility of finding his mom while trying to convince himself why he came to Kyiv.  "What do you think you should do?"
"I promise to register for tournament and I keep promise, zen I stay."  Andre responded.
Connor turned to look at his callused friend.  "We can't leave Babushka here by herself if Lena can't help her."
"Tournament start in two days, vee have time to see is ok."  Andre looked at Connor without blinking.
Connor could tell Andre was in no mood for arguing and he didn't want to push him, but felt bad that he had pushed Andre so hard to fight in the tournament.  He changed the topic. "This place reminds me a lot of home in England."
"Is good Connor, vee can stay and not have vorry about fighting and Kenshi and Billy and finding mother or girlfriend, but you want fight."  Andre was half-heartedly sarcastic.
Connor remembered Maria.  He hadn't thought about her since he met Shuji on the beach.  Feelings of uncertainty raged around his heart.  He wanted to see Maria desperately and he wanted to find his mom.  Andre's unexpected simplicity of a solution was tempting.  He knew the village could use the help, but as Connor played through different scenarios in his mind he knew it would only be a matter of time before the Kenshi or Billy caught up with him.  As he wandered in thought he saw a vehicle kicking up dust off in the distance.
"Andre."  Connor stood up.  "What's that coming this way?"
"Is car.  Is not car from village.  Vee go inside."  Andre scurried to get inside.
Connor put his arm in front of the door.  "We stay.  I'm not running from anyone who has taken the steps to track us down."
Andre panicked.  "Vhere is staff?"
"Inside.  Leave it there.  It won't help us."  Connor reassured him. 
A black sedan buzzed to a quiet stop.  Connor tried to peer through the tinted window.  The driver side door opened and a chauffeur exited the vehicle.  He walked to the back door on his side of the sedan and opened it.  A Japanese man with a tall and lean frame stood up.  Connor watched his cheek muscles flex and his eyes squint.  The man was clearly important and carried himself confidently, but there was an uncertainty in his posture.  As Connor studied the man he stepped closer to the sedan.  By the time he had taken two steps the other door of the sedan was open and Billy hopped out with his snake oil smile.  
"Hello Connor and good day to you too Andre, I was beginning to think you might not show up to our little event."  Billy chagrined. 
"I was under the impression I wasn't invited to your event."  Connor responded. 
Billy let out a wry chuckle.  "True.  I have banned you from the tournament, but the people want their quarter staff master and I am here to offer you a spot."
Connor examined Billy who appeared to be genuine in his invitation to the tournament.  "What if I don't want to fight?"
"Come now Connor."  Billy turned on his charm.  "You have proven that you can beat the very best.  These fighters will be like putty in your hands.  Of course you will need to fight against my friend here.  He is destined to make the finals and I believe he will be trickier to defeat than you might think."
"Who is friend Billy?"  Andre intruded into the conversation. 
"This is my friend from Japan.  His name is Takeo."  Billy looked poised in his introduction.  "He represents my business partner and is a distinguished guest."
Connor felt like the invitation was another ploy of Billy's.  He was hesitant to respond.  Andre finally spoke up. "Boy vill not fight in tournament.  Vee vant no more fighting."
"Well I suppose we can have our final match right here.  Takeo!  Go get your staff!"  Billy's face turned cross.
"Wait, wait, wait.  Slow down Billy."  Connor didn't want to start anything that would disturb the tranquil village or especially Lena and Babushka.  "Andre has a lot on his mind right now.  When does the tournament start?"
"Three days.  You will be a staff master if you accept my invitation and can observe the first day of fighting with me in my box."  Billy reluctantly offered.
Connor's mind was swirling with thoughts and emotions about Lena, Maria, and his mother.  He somehow felt like he had some slight leverage with Billy.  "I will fight, but you give me my trainer back!"
"What are you talking about boy?  Your trainer is right here!"  Billy shouted.
"I want my trainer from El Djem!  The girl.  Maria."  Connor demanded.
Billy laughed and smiled as he looked at Connor.  "You got it bad boy!"
Connor started walking toward Billy before Andre stepped in front of him.  "I'm not your boy!"
Billy puffed up.  "Fine Connor.  I will bring the girl to you tomorrow."
"I've got a better idea.  I'll go with you now and I'll bring her back myself."  Connor felt a hatred he didn't know existed for the man in front of him. 
"Fine.  What about Andre?"  Billy spat on the ground.
Connor was surprised Billy was so agreeable, but he knew Billy hadn't expected Connor to react the way he did and he knew he had some slight leverage.  "He will stay here.  He needs to take care of his Babushka."  
Connor turned to look at Andre.  The Ukrainian had a look of horror and shock on his face.  Connor grasped Andre's shoulder and looked him in the eye.  "Stay here.  I'll be fine.  He can't harm me until the tournament starts.  I'll send for you if I need you."
Andre simply nodded.  Connor rushed inside and collected his belongings.  Babushka was still tending to Lena.  Connor walked over to her and put his hand on her shoulder.  "I have to go Babushka.  Andre will stay and take care of you.  Thank you."
Babushka muttered something in Russian to him.  She drew him closer to her face and gave him a dry kiss on his cheek then patted his face.  Connor smiled and returned a gentle touch to her wrinkled face.  He walked out the door, nodded once to Andre, and the chauffeur opened the passenger front door to let Connor in.
When Connor sat down he turned to see a tinted glass window separating the front seat from the back of the car.  He could make out the silhouettes of Takeo and Billy, but was content to be separated from them on the trip back to Kyiv.       

Chapter 8:
Kyiv was busier than Connor initially remembered.  Everywhere he looked pedestrians crossed the street running to catch busses or haggled with vendors on the street corner.  The flurry of activity outside of the car was a reflection of Connor's mind as he tried to think through the situation he put himself in the middle of.  He didn't want to change anything about his decision to leave Andre with Babushka and Lena, but he was concerned about the implications of his decision for Maria and his mom.  Connor wasn't sure what to do, but in one fell swoop he had taken complete responsibility upon his own shoulders.
The sedan approached a magnificent looking building.  The architecture reflected the past magnificence of Kyiv while embracing modern features signifying a bright future built upon a glorious past.  The chauffeur stopped the sedan in front of the main entrance of the hotel and jumped out of the car to open the doors of his passengers.  Connor let himself out of the car and grabbed all his belongings across his shoulder as he waited for Billy and Takeo.  Billy lazily made his way to the entrance and Connor stoically followed him into the hotel.  Takeo walked behind Connor casting a shadow of suspicion on his new opponent.  Billy meanwhile approached the front desk to speak with one of the workers.
"Can you please call my suite and ask that Maria meet me in the bar?"  Billy requested.
The woman at the front desk diligently obliged to Billy's request.  Billy then sauntered off toward the bar.  Connor took another look at the woman who had made the phone call and then followed the arrogant Frenchman.  Billy continued to strut in the hotel and had a hostess at the bar take him to a private booth.  The ambience was perfect for Billy who was used to getting everything he wanted and was free to display his power and wealth in front of those who feared and respected money.  Connor continued to hold his bags as he followed Billy and Takeo to the bar despite three advances from concierges to take them off his hand.  As he approached the bar Billy was ordering a drink and Takeo was again shadowing his movements.  
"Have a seat Connor.  Maria will be down shortly."  Billy gruffly ordered.
Connor remained standing at the bar.  "I'm fine where I am."
"Suit yourself.  You do realize that I will not let you out of my sight now that I have found you."  Billy sipped a hard drink that was just delivered to the small booth he was sitting in.
"I suppose you know how I arrived in Kyiv then."  Connor probed. 
"Touché  Connor."  Billy nodded.  "I am aware of your mode of transportation.  I have insured that your vessel is protected during the tournament in case things become unhinged."
"Do you have a recommendation for a hotel then?"  Connor said sarcastically as he looked at Billy in disgust.
"This is one of Kyiv's finest; it has been around for nearly one hundred and fifty years."  Billy trumpeted.
"Fabulous."  Connor felt like asking Billy to pay the bill.  "I was thinking of something less extravagant."
"My dear boy, you cannot traipse around Kyiv looking for a cheap room.  You will be recognized by every person in the city by tomorrow morning and this hotel offers the best anonymity of any hotel in Kyiv."  Billy raised his eyebrows aristocratically. 
"Are you sure it's the best for anonymity?"  Connor asked.
"Absolutely!"  Billy was emphatic.
Connor looked around.  "I will consider it as an option."
Connor turned to see if Maria had arrived.  He looked back toward the wooden archway where he entered the bar and quickly recognized Maria being followed by a Russian or Ukrainian man wearing an earpiece common to most private security guards.  Maria quietly made her way toward the booth.  When she realized Connor was standing by the booth her slightly slouched posture immediately corrected itself.  Billy continued to stay seated as Maria came to the booth and sat down gazing intently at Connor's face.
"I'm sure you remember the boy who left you to fend for yourself in Tunisia."  Billy scowled.
Maria wore an excited and apprehensive smile on her face.  "Hello Connor."
Connor couldn't tell if Maria's voice was tense from excitement or anxiety of the situation.  "Good to see you again Maria."
"Our young friend has asked that you serve as his trainer once again."  Billy took another drink.  "I cannot fathom the reasons why he likes you around so much, but I'll suppress my suspicions for now."
Connor put his hand out to Maria.  She slowly placed her hand in his.  Her hand felt cold and limp.  Connor offered her a small and warm smile.
"As I told you before she arrived.  We will insure that you are safe during the tournament."  Billy interuppted.
Billy took a drink and Connor tightened his grip on Maria's hand and started to exit the bar.  As Connor exited the bar he watched Takeo remain in the same place.  The security agent meanwhile trailed Connor as soon as he left the bar.  Connor turned to look at Maria while he hurried towards the lobby.
"Is that man assigned to follow you?"  Connor asked.
Maria nodded.  "Yes...he will go wherever I go unless it is the bathroom or a secured room."
Connors mind was racing into action.  "Do you think you can take him on a little walk around the block?"
Maria tilted her head.  "What do you mean?"
"Walk out the hotel, go around the block and then meet me in the woman's bathroom near the lobby."  Connor instructed.
Maria nodded her head.  Connor let go of Maria's hand and stooped to put down his bags.  The man continued to follow Maria until he got to the exit of the hotel.  As Maria exited the man turned to look at Connor.  Connor smiled at the man as he shot a sneer stare at Connor that was very unpleasant.  When the man exited the hotel Connor approached the woman at the front desk Billy spoke to.
"Excuse me ma'am.  Can you tell me what room the man you spoke with a few minutes ago is staying in?"  Connor asked politely. 
The woman smiled.  "I sorry sir, I cannot."
"If I wanted to rent a room close to his room what options would I have?"  Connor persisted.
"I do not think you have money enough for hotel."  The woman frowned.  
Connor reached in his bag and pulled out a fat wad of currency.  "Will this be enough?"
The woman suspiciously looked at the money in front of her and began counting it.  "Is enough for a week."
"Excellent.  And what room would you recommend?"  Connor asked.
"You could stay on the fifth floor."  The woman responded.
Connor politely smiled.  "Perfect."
"What name should I use to check you in sir?"  The woman started typing on a keyboard below the desk.
Connor thought for a moment.  "Omar Smith."
"Excellent, may I see your ID?"  The woman looked up with anticipation. 
"You don't understand, I'm too young for an ID.  I just want to pay."  Connor shifted to a serious tone in his voice. 
The woman nodded her head and issued Connor a thin clear card to allow him entrance into his room.
"The card will beep when you are in front of room."  The woman instructed.
Connor blinked.  "You aren't going to tell me the room number?"
"We have no number.  Card will tell you where is."  The woman responded curtly. 
"Thank you very much." 
Connor politely smiled at the woman and picked up his bags stealthily maneuvering his way towards the women's lavatory.  Connors entrance made no disturbance and he quickly scanned the bathroom for an exit.  He saw a window at the end of the bathroom.  He quickly hurried to the window, but it was sealed shut.  Connor desperately needed to ditch the guard assigned to Maria, but he wasn't sure how to do it.  As he stopped to think he felt a slight breeze gently touching the bristled hair on his head.  He looked up and could see that the window was slightly open high above where he stood.  Connor quickly climbed on the door of one of the women's stalls.  He could reach the window and opened it further than it had been.  He got down off of the door and tossed his bags out onto the narrow walkway on the other side of the window.  As he positioned himself on the door of the stall Maria entered the bathroom.  She looked at Connor in shock.
"What are you doing?"  She scolded.
"We're leaving."  Connor insisted.
Connor pulled himself over to the open window and crawled through, then lowered himself to a ledge where he could hop down to the narrow walkway.  He motioned for Maria to follow.  Maria was clumsier than Connor, but she managed to get her upper torso through the window.  Connor helped her down to the ledge and then they jumped to the walkway below.
"Let's go.  That guard will give you five minutes before he comes looking for you and we've already wasted two of them getting out the window."
Connor hurried to the busy streets of Kyiv and walked in the opposite direction of the hotel.
"Where are we going Connor?"  Maria pleaded as she hurriedly followed Connor.
"To get some privacy."  Connor rushed ahead.
Maria stopped walking.  "This isn't a game anymore Connor.  Billy will find us and when he does he'll drag us back and put us under his protection."
Connor stopped and turned around staring Maria straight in the face.  "That man has done nothing but made my life miserable.  I won't risk putting myself close to him so he can kill me like he killed my father!"
"Then how do you expect to get revenge?"          
Connor was shocked at Maria's question.  "Come again."
"You know what I'm talking about Connor."  Maria scolded.
"We don't have time to talk about this here on the street."  Connor dismissed her.
Maria held her ground.  "Then let's go back to the hotel and not cause an alarm."
Connor was surprised Maria was talking in the manner she was.  He didn't understand why she followed him out the window and was now trying to convince him to go back into the lion's den.  "I don't get you Maria.  Maybe I'll just go this on my own, maybe I've made a mistake!"
"You didn't make a mistake Connor.  You did exactly what I would've done, but we need to keep Billy's guard down if you expect to take a clean shot at him."  Maria's voice inflexion changed.
Connor shook his head despite the logic Maria presented to him.  "Fine.  We'll go back.  What about the guard?"
"I'll handle it.  We'll go right in the front doors.  Did you get a room or do I need to get us one?"  Maria asked.
Connor pulled out his card.  "Fifth floor."
"Excellent, right below Billy."  Maria grinned.
Connor followed Maria back to the hotel.  As they entered the lobby the guard who had been assigned to Maria was pacing with anxiety.  Maria took Connor by the hand and walked right past him toward the glass elevator.  As she walked past him he had to do a double take.  When he realized Maria was still in the hotel he calmed down considerably.  Connor watched as he radioed someone through his earpiece informing them that he had gained control of the situation.  Connor was still in the mode to play cat and mouse and hurried Maria into the elevator and closed the door before the man could enter.
"What was that all about!?"  Maria was perturbed.
"I'm having fun with the bloke."  Connor's smile disappeared into a frown.
Maria scowled at Connor.  "Just let him do his job."
"He'll know what floor we get off on and I'm sure he'll figure out what room we're in."  Connor countered.
"It's more likely that he won't figure it out until we come out of the room.  This hotel is funny about keeping things private."  Maria snickered sarcastically realizing Connor just got his way.
Connor's smile returned.  "Well then we'll have a long while to get caught up on things."
Maria smiled shyly at Connor who returned the smile with a confident grin.  He felt his blood pressure go up as he gazed at Maria.  He desperately wanted to pull her close to him and hold her, but restrained himself as the elevator ascended.
Chapter 9:
Connor placed his bags on one of the two beds in the room.  He looked around and was impressed by the elegant ambience of the room.  Maria sat down on a small sofa in the corner and crossed her legs looking outside the nearby window.  Connor unzipped one of his bags and started pulling out some clothes and toiletry items, throwing them on the bed.  
"Planning on staying long?"  Maria mused.
Connor looked up at Maria.  "I guess that depends on how helpful you are."
"What's with you Connor?  I thought you'd be overjoyed to see that I was alright.  I don't get it."  Maria turned her head to look back out the window.
Connor's heart dropped.  "Do you know why I decided to come here?"
"I was hoping it was to find me, but based on what I've found out I'm guessing you're here for some other reason."  Maria retorted. 
"Look at me Maria...This is not how I thought things would turn out.  I thought we'd have the chance to spend time together after El Djem.  When I found out Billy had you I thought about the possibility of not seeing you again.  Then Billy found me and I had a tiny bit of leverage with him, I used it to get you back."  Connor's posture sunk. 
Maria stood up and walked over to Connor.  She lifted his sinking head.  "You're mom isn't in Japan."
Connor's eyes widened.  "What?"
"She's here."  Maria said reassuringly. 
"What do you mean she's here?"  Connor clarified.
Maria tilted her head.  "She's in Kyiv."
"How do you know that?"  Connor asked.
"Well...I've spent some time with her."  Maria informed Connor. 
Connor's mind raced at how Maria could've found his mom.  "My mom works for the Kenshi..."
"No.  She works for Billy."  Maria stated.
"What?"
"She used to work for the Kenshi, but she's now working for Billy."  Maria clarified.
"Brilliant!"  Connor stood up. 
"I guess you already know that Billy is working close with the Kenshi."  Maria loved the boyish look Connor was wearing.  "Takeo is a Kenshi master and he is here in Kyiv."
"I did know that, but you're really telling me my mom worked for the Kenshi and is now working for Billy?"  Connor couldn't escape the idea that his mom was potentially in the same building as he was.
"She's very nice Connor."  Maria confessed.  "I've tried to spend as much time with her as I can."
Connor cleared the euphoria in his mind and slowly asked the dreading question that popped into his mind.  "What kind of things is she doing for Billy?"
"She's not doing the things that Billy usually does with women."  Maria suppressed the tears rushing to her eyes.  "She's running a lot of the operations here and is doing a really good job from what I can tell.  She's always on the phone or in meetings trying to iron out details."
"So are you with Billy most of the time?"  Connor gently brought Maria into his arms.
"Yes."  Maria looked down at the ground as if she were ashamed.
Connor carefully tightened his embrace.  "Has he touched you?"
"Yes Connor.  I had no choice."  Maria released the tears she had been holding back.  "It was the only way I had a chance to see you again."
Connor was overcome with the feeling of a gut wrenching loss, but continued to hold Maria tight.  "I would have found you no matter where you were."
"When I found out your mom was working for Billy I knew I had to stay close to her at any cost...it was the only way I could guarantee seeing you again."  Maria sobbed.
Connor slowly sat down on the bed allowing Maria to curl up next to him.  Maria looked up at him.  "What's next Connor?"
"Well you are my trainer for the tournament.  I promised Billy I would fight if he gave you back to me."  Connor stroked her hair.
"I don't want you to fight anymore."  Maria's tears had gradually decreased.  
"I don't have a choice."  Connor envisioned taking Maria back to England and peacefully walking through the forests, but forced himself to focus on what he had to do in Kyiv.  "I have to see this through.  I also made a promise to Shuji."
Maria tearfully positioned herself upright.  "The fighter from the El Djem tournament?"
"He found me on my way here.  Andre thinks it ludicrous that I made the promise, but it might be the only real way for me to find peace."  Connor felt relieved to tell someone his true feelings.
"What did you promise him?"  Maria asked.
"I promised him I'd get Billy out of the way of the tournament and that I'd let Shuji win the tournament."  Connor anticipated a sour response from Maria.
Maria didn't have much of an expression on her face.  "Does that mean you'll stop fighting after this tournament?"
"I don't know what it means Maria."  Connor sighed.  "It's probably more likely that I'll end up going to Japan after this tournament to help Shuji."
Maria repositioned herself further away from Connor.  "I don't want to stay on this roller coaster."
"I don't either... that's why I have to go to Japan."  Connor explained.
Maria sighed.  "I don't want you to leave again... I'll stay with you as long as I can."
"That's good because I don't want you leaving me either."  Connor reached for her hand.
Maria leaned in towards Connor and kissed him on the cheek.  Connor's heart leapt as he felt Maria's warm lips on his skin.  He hugged her and she embraced him back.  
"I'd like to take you out shopping and maybe we can get a bite to eat."  Connor shyly invited.
"It kind of sounds like a date to me."  Maria responded.
"It kind of is.  We really haven't had a chance like this before."
Maria perked up.  "It will be more than fun...it will be romantic."
Connor stood up and lifted Maria up from the bed in his arms.  "You can't forget that I'm still in training.  I need to stay focused."
"I'll keep you focused on me..."  Maria gave him a peck on the cheek.  "I am your trainer after all."
Connor blushed.  Maria slowly caressed her hands around Connor's face.  After several seconds Connor reluctantly set Maria on the floor.  "I'm not ready for this yet Maria.  If I'm really going to go through with this crazy plan...I need to prepare myself for it."
"I know you do...I just don't feel this way about anyone else."  Maria looked saddened and defeated.  "I want to be with you and I want you to want me."
"I do want you.  I just can't give in right now."  Connor admitted.
Maria perked up a little and smiled.  Connor stood up and grabbed a light jacket from his bag along with a ball cap.  He put them on and held out his hand for Maria to follow him out the door.
As they exited the room Connor didn't notice the guard assigned to Maria.  He looked all over and couldn't see him.  He gently led Maria to the elevator and when it arrived they entered it.  Connor immediately turned away from the glass side of the elevator as to not draw attention to their attempted disappearance.  By the time they reached the lobby Connor could sense they were being followed.  Maria squeezed his hand to not look around and they left the posh hotel for the busy streets of Kyiv.  
Chapter 10:
Connor looked around the small boutique, Maria selected it as their first stop and started to wonder why Maria was taking so long while trying on clothes.  One of the sales girls had just brought another outfit to Maria who was still behind the door of a dressing room.
"I don't think it's a good idea to be hanging out in one place for so long."  Connor broke the silence.
Maria peered at him over the door she was behind.  "Relax Connor.  I told you it’s fine if we're followed.  We need to just go about our business as if nothing has happened."
Connor tilted his head and shrugged his shoulder as Maria went back to trying on clothes.  He looked down at a short table next to a chair in the dressing room area and noticed an advertisement flash on the plasma screen affixed to the table.  The advertisement was in Ukrainian, but it was very clear that it was advertising the stick fighting tournament.  The image of two silhouetted fighters with clashing staff's impressed itself on Connor's mind.
"Did you know Billy is promoting this tournament to the public?"  Connor waited to hear a response from Maria.  There was no response and then Maria opened her dressing room door and appeared before Connor in a sporty and stylistic outfit.  
"What do you think?  How do I look?"  Maria posed with confidence.
Maria was beautiful as usual.  Connor briefly forgot about his nerves and the advertisement he just saw.  "You look amazing."
"Really?"  Maria beamed a bright smile and called for one of the sales girls to come over.  "I'll take this outfit.  The others you can send back to the Dnieper Hotel...Connor what name did you give the front desk?"
"I didn't give them my name."  Connor looked around for any suspicious lingerers.
Maria turned back to the sales girl.  "Just tell the front desk Maria will pick them up later this evening.  They'll understand."
"Was there something you wanted to tell me?"  Maria turned and walked towards Connor.
Connor was still lost in Maria's subtle attractiveness.  "Uhhh....Yeah.  The tournament is being promoted to the public?"
"Well yes, it's Billy's way of avoiding another El Djem incident."  Maria enlightened the conversation.
"What do you mean by that?"  Connor asked.
"Let's just say he wasn't happy about losing cooperation from the government and trying to clean up the mess he made on his own."  Maria smirked.  "I guess he thinks having the public eye on his tournament will force the government to pay attention."
"I think he just wants to make more money and build himself up."  Connor scoffed.
"It's more than that Connor."  Maria's face turned very serious.  "He and Takeo think they can take over governments through stick fighting.  The Kenshi did it in Japan and throughout the Pacific and they're going to try it here where they know Ukraine has a weak government."
Connor pondered Maria's comment for a few moments.  "What would that prove to anyone?"
"It would prove that they have control and that they dictate what happens."  Maria lectured.  "It's why you need to succeed."
"How are they going to take over a government with a fighting tournament?"  Connor was still lost in how Billy could accomplish something so enormous.  
"I don't know Connor, but if something isn't done to stop it they'll go through with it."  Maria responded.
Connor put himself on guard again and looked around.  When he was comfortable that they weren't being watched he stared Maria directly in her eyes.  "Does my mom know how they'll do it?"
"I think she does."  Maria's face showed some trepidation. 
"Do you have any idea what life is like in Japan now that the Kenshi run everything?"  Connor drilled Maria.
Maria's face reflected dissatisfaction with Connor's punitive tone.  "Not really."
"All I know is that it's impossible to penetrate Japan and very difficult to get to most countries in the Pacific."  Connor put his head down to think.  "The Kenshi is trying to grow their shadow.  We need to stop drifting around and make some plans."
"We have a plan Connor.  Stop getting so anxious."  Maria bumped Connor's shoulder with her hip.  "This situation is not going to change unless we take it easy and slowly work our way back to Billy."
"I should've just fought him when he showed up at Andre's Babushka's house."  Connor reflected.
"It was better you got to me first."  Maria rubbed Connor's neck.  "You made the right choice.  You need to yield to the things you can't control."
Connor's mind immediately gravitated to the art of the quarter staff.  He remembered the style of the cat.  He was forcing himself to be the boar and Maria was spot on in diagnosing how he should be acting.  "You're right Maria.  I'm sorry.  I need to calm down."
Maria let out a sigh of relief and gently grabbed Connor's hand.  "Will you take me out to dinner?"
"Of course I will."  Connor let out a sliver of a smile.
The couple left the boutique a generous gratuity for their service and headed out to find a quiet cafe where they could practice the patience Maria encouraged.
Maria encouraged Connor to take the lead in finding a place to eat.  He led her around several blocks of cobbled streets and old world architecture before he arrived at the top of a hill that had two tables with umbrellas next to an elaborate kiosk.  Connor led the way as he held Maria's hand.  He was grateful the menu on the window of the kiosk was in Ukrainian and English. 
"What would you like Maria?"  Connor asked in a light aristocratic tone.  
Maria scanned the menu and squeezed Connor's hand tighter.  "How about some tea and tomato salad."
Connor turned to the man inside the kiosk.  "She'll have the tea and salad...I'll have your meat and cheese sandwich along with the fruit tort."
The man had their order up in less than a few minutes.  Connor grabbed the food and drink and followed Maria back to one of the tables and sat down.  
"Thank you Connor for bringing me here.  This is exactly what I had in mind."  Maria slightly blushed.  
Connor looked around at the trees amongst the buildings and quiet city scene.  "This city is beautiful.  I didn't expect Kyiv to have this much charm."
"What have you thought about my charm?"  Maria batted her eyes.
"You know what I think about your charm and you're antics won't work on me until our mission is complete."  Connor responded playfully.  
Maria pouted.  "You're no fun."
Maria smiled and continued to eat her salad.  Connor paused to take another bite out of his sandwich and tort.
"We should go down the street here after we eat."  Maria pointed down a sloped street.  There's supposed to be a place where they sell all kinds of Ukrainian art."  
"That sounds like fun."  Connor smiled.  
Connor finished eating and when Maria had finished he walked her down a street and found a variety of different vendors selling art work.  Some of the work was on paintings, others on matryoshka dolls, some on wooden eggs, and other work was done with needle point.  Connor followed Maria for nearly two hours as she admired the work from the artists on the street.  Connor bought her a rose carved out of wood painted in a deep red paint.  Maria found a white needle point clothe with a cat stitched in it.  After they left the artists market they went back to the hotel.  
Connor and Maria laughed and smiled at one another as they approached the hotel.  As they got closer to the entrance Connor noticed Maria's guard.  His smile faintly faded until Maria's hand suddenly snuck past his defenses and down the back side of his pants.  Connor quickly jerked to look at Maria.  She pulled him by the shirt collar with her other hand and brought him in for a soft and succulent kiss.  Connor's face turned red as he heard Maria's whispered voice.
"Don't panic.  We'll go right past him and up to the room.  I'm right here."
Connor settled himself down a bit and let Maria take the lead.  She casually walked right past her guard and into the hotel.  She then effortlessly walked over to the front desk and inquired about the clothes the boutique sent over.  She had a bell hop follow her to the elevator with her clothes in tow.  The guard slowly followed Maria's grand entrance into the elevator and up to Connor's room.  Maria had the bell hop bring her clothes into the room, gave him a tip and closed the door to see Connor's face was now ghost white.  
"I told you not to panic."  Maria smiled.
Connor was still pale.  "You just led that tosser to our room."
"He needs to know where we are and we don't need to be inconspicuous."  Maria started unwrapping her new clothes.
"I know, I just don't like being followed."  Connor's voice teemed off in mild frustration.
"It's not as bad as you think."  Maria nudged closer to Connor. " He doesn't say anything and other than looking strange it's quite normal."
"Well that's reassuring.  So what's next on your agenda?"  Connor turned to look out the window.
"We have two days until the tournament starts.  We need to proceed as if you are preparing for it.  When's the last time you meditated?"
Connor stared off into space.  "Yesterday."
"That's why you're so on edge."  Maria's face lit up with a glowing smile.  "You haven't meditated today."
Connor looked at her in confusion.  He knew his meditations brought him greater balance, but he didn't expect anyone else to notice how he was coping with the stressors around him.
"Is there anything else you'd like to tell me about how I'm not myself?" Connor defended himself. 
Maria grabbed his hands.  "I think you really need to meditate.  I've kept doing it since you taught me and I think it's the only thing keeping me going most days."
"What do you mean you've kept doing it?"  Connor was having a hard time following Maria.
"I had a vision when we were in El Djem."  Maria's voice turned serious.  "I've been able to revisit it a little bit at a time when I meditate."
Connor's attention was completely turned toward Maria.  "What kind of vision?"
Maria's face suddenly looked like she was in mild pain.  Connor could see the anguish in her face and knew she needed to tell him something.  He briefly closed his eyes and pictured a cat.  The cat quietly approached an empty chair and rubbed up against its leg.  It then precisely jumped onto the chair and curled up in a ball lying down. Connor opened his eyes.  
"You can tell me what you saw.  Is it about your past?"  Connor’s tone of voice was now gentle.
Maria looked up in shock that Connor would know what she had seen.  "How did you know?"
"Intuition?"  Connor continued.
Maria sat down on a chair in the room.  Connor gently sat on the floor below her.  
"I was born in Italy.  I haven't told you that before, but I know that's where I'm from because of the vision."  Maria exhaled. 
Connor caressed his hand along Maria's calf muscle.  "Do you want to tell me about the vision?"
Maria took a deep breath, closed her eyes, and started talking.
"I was happy in an old village in Tuscany.  A woman who I think is my mom was taking me to a fountain in the center of the village.  I was happy and excited about something.  When we got to the fountain my mom put me down and I started splashing my hand in the water.  I heard a man's voice call for my mom."  Maria's eyes welled up.  "I turned to look to see who it was.  When I turned I couldn't see the man or my mom.  When I looked again my mom and a man were lying face down on the cobbled street with blood pouring out from under them.  I didn't like what I saw so I turned away and a man dressed in white with a shepherd staff stood over me and smiled.  He picked me up, sat me on the fountain, and explained that I would see my parents again."
Connor waited a moment to make sure Maria had finished.  "You know who this shepherd is, right?"
"Yes, I know.  It is the One who we have forgotten."  Maria's eyes got puffy.  "The One who is now rejected."
Connor's heart was suddenly filled with warmth.  "If you tell anyone about this vision it won't be good."
"Do you believe me Connor?"  Maria sobbed.
"I believe you Maria."  Connor felt tears rush to his eyes.  "My mother taught me to believe in the One before she was taken.  It is the only hope I have of her being true to me and my father."  
Maria smiled.  "That is a lot of hope then."
Connor took composure of his feelings.   "I know.  So what do you think it all means?"
"My vision?"  Maria asked.
"Yes."  Connor reassured her. 
"I'm not really sure."  Maria took a few moments to think.  "I think my parents were killed because they believed in the One.  I think I was protected from their killer somehow.  I am not afraid of death anymore."
Connor stared intently at Maria.  "What do you mean?"
"Life should be treasured Connor."  Maria had depth and passion in her voice.  "Death will happen whether we like it or not."
Connor's conscience was suddenly turned on its head.  "I thought I'd blocked out Veloz from my mind."  Connor put his face in his hands.
"You didn't intentionally kill him Connor, he was a victim of Billy's tournament."  Maria gently stroked Connor's hair.  "Billy's intentions are to take advantage of everyone around him.  He might be the only person on earth who deserves death."  Maria admitted.
Connor looked intently into Maria's eyes.  "I can't intentionally kill Billy.  I know I need to get him out of the picture, but I don't know how to do that."
"It's okay."  Maria slid off the chair and hugged Connor.  "I don't want you to kill him.  I just want for us to be together."
"That's all I want, but we won't be left alone until Billy gets what he wants or he is gone."  Connor said.
Maria took a deep breath.  "You agreed to remove Billy from the equation and that's what we're going to do."
Connor's posture slouched into Maria.  "He's too powerful to simply remove him."
"There's a way to do it without killing him, but we'll need to work together."  Maria calmly reassured him.
Connor looked up at Maria.  Her maturity was unfolding right in front of him.  He smiled and nodded in agreement.  She hugged him tight and he embraced her back.  He knew it was time to get to work.

Chapter 11:
Connor woke as the sun was starting to light the sky.  He put on a pair of shorts, workout shirt, running shoes and picked up his staff out of his bag.  Maria was still asleep on the bed next to his.  He gently bent over and kissed her head and then headed out the door.  A different guard was positioned at the end of the hallway.  He looked tired until he noticed Connor walking towards the elevator.  Connor could tell the man was speaking with someone at the other end of a secured audio device.  Connor was in the elevator before the guard could react.  Rather than worry about what would happen he took Maria's advice and went about his business.  When he got outside he could feel the early crisp of autumn in the air.  There were very few people out on the street and Connor began to jog.  
As he hopped his way through the street he spun his staff and took the approach of the stag.  Despite his constant activity on the yacht and even at babushka's he hadn't consciously attended to any cardiovascular exercise for quite some time.  His legs were willing to keep the pace of the stag, but he could feel the heavy air weigh on his lungs.  Connor pushed through the pain and ran in a charge like the boar.  He needed to get some productive training in before the tournament.  A city was not the ideal location for training, but he remembered training around the port cities in England and the difficulty of staying conditioned.  
The charge of the boar was almost out of fuel when Connor noticed an odd structure that almost looked like it had a circus top as the roof.  Men were pushing carts of produce into the building and Connor crossed the empty street to investigate the building.  Connor jogged right past two men unloading a truck and entered the building.  The building was busy with vendors setting up tables and stocking shelves of produce, fish, and meat.  Connor transferred his rapid breathing into sharp, quick movements.  He shifted in and out of the moving crates and boxes.  He cris-crossed his way through the building trying to leave no trace just as a fox.  After circumventing the building Connor darted in a straight line across the center of the building back outside.  
On the other side of the building Connor found himself in front of a large park with tall trees succumbing to autumn tones and winding paths.  Aside from the benches and paths he felt like he was home in the forests of England.  Connor gently surveyed the area as his heart rate started to decrease.  He quietly stalked his way to an open grassy area like the cat and laid his staff down on the ground.  He kneeled and closed his eyes and thought of the forests around Nottingham.  He opened his eyes and saw a hawk flying above the trees.  Connor clutched his staff and held it high above his head.  He jumped to his feet and raised his knees to his chest staying in the same place.  Clutching and stepping he felt the power of the hawk.
As the hawk screeched in the morning mist he caught scent of an enemy.  He turned to see one of the guards from the hotel stumbling to catch up to Connor.  Connor raised the staff high above his head in the stance of the bear and returned to the form of the stag and raced through the park.  Connor scarcely looked back to see if the guard was keeping pace.  The rhythm of the park transcended Connor into staff master form.  He knew he would get in all the conditioning he would need and that no one would stop him.  
After several minutes of running cross country across the park, Connor found himself in front of a very large statue.  The iron lady held a shield and sword in her hands high above her head.  Below her were other monuments to past wars that were rusted and tarnished by time.  The victorious lady sparked a surge of energy in Connor.  He saw the pride of the country he stood in and could feel the freedom she fought hard to obtain.  Billy's face came to his mind and he darted back into the trees to finish his training.  
The trees thickened and Connor's movements became more precise.  He used his staff to knock branches out of his path and relied on instinct to navigate his way back to the hotel.  His cross country training ended when he found himself on a sidewalk in front of a small apartment building.  The sun was shining to Connor's right and he knew instinctively to turn left to return to the hotel.  Conforming back into a jog felt effortless as Connor steered through curvy streets until he found himself across the street from his hotel.  He darted across the increasingly busy boulevard and back into the hotel.  When he entered the lobby, Billy and Takeo were talking with some of their security guards. Connor walked towards the elevator until Billy's familiar voice hailed him.
"You have been busy since we last saw each other."  Billy's voice escalated.
Connor turned around with a rejuvenated smile.  "What do you mean?"
"My people seem to think you are trying to avoid entering the tournament."  Billy cut to the chase.
"Why would they think that?"  Connor shrugged his shoulders.
Billy smiled at Connor's response.  "I have no idea."
Connor could tell Takeo and the guards were all carrying guns.  He clutched his staff tight.  He was less than ten feet away from Billy.  
"I should probably go shower.  My trainer is waiting for me."  Connor winked at Takeo.
"I'm sure she is."  Billy's voice echoed a tone of filth, disgrace, and lust.
Connor took a step towards Billy while the guards clutched for a potential conflict.  Billy calmed them with his hands.
"She is my trainer and she will not be disgraced in public by you or any other man."  Connor fumed.
Billy chuckled.  "I am not disgracing her, she has already disgraced herself."
"Surviving your pungent world is not disgraceful!"  Connor retaliated.
Billy bit down on his lower lip with his teeth.  "Training a cut rate stick fighter is."
Connor burned with rage as he was finally hearing the true feelings Billy had for him and Maria.  "Which... speaks volumes of your abilities to intoxicate opponents before you fight them."
Connor took a step closer to Billy while Takeo simultaneously advanced to position himself right behind Billy.  
Billy raised his hand as he felt Takeo's presence.  "I am the best canne fighter in France!"
"You are a cheat!"  Connor's voice was sharp.  "If you could really fight you'd enter this tournament yourself."
"I own the tournament boy.  I win whether I fight in it or not.  The rest of you are my pawns."  Billy sneered.
Billy stood firm as Connor looked him squarely in the eyes.  Takeo meanwhile slightly shifted away from Billy after his last comment.  Connor sensed the chink in the armor.
"I thought you might see it that way.  I look forward to taking out your other pawns."  Connor looked directly at Takeo when he said the word "pawn".  Takeo once again shifted away from Billy.  Connor turned to head towards the elevator.
"Don't run off boy.  See this through to the end."  Billy demanded.
Connor looked back at Billy with fire in his eyes.  "I already have." 
Billy's face was red with rage.  He yelled at his guards until one of the guards quickly caught up with Connor and rode the elevator with him up to his floor.  Connor smiled at the guard as they reached his floor and returned to his room with the guard shadowing his every step.  
Inside the hotel room Maria had a breakfast tray waiting for Connor while she tended to tidying up her wet hair.  She smiled at Connor when he walked in.
"Out training?"  She commented.
Connor took a deep breathe.  "I guess you could call it that.  Thanks for ordering food."
"I thought you'd be hungry when you got back."  Maria smiled.
Connor smiled back.  "You weren't worried?"
"You took your staff; I knew you'd be fine."  Maria came over to the bed where the breakfast tray was.
Connor relaxed as he took off his shoes and shirt.  "I think I'll shower before I eat.  Did you already eat?"
"Yes."  Maria admired Connor's muscular physique.  "Did you see our new guard?"
Connor silently laughed.  "I think I just met all the guards."
"What do you mean?"  Maria was still admiring Connor's bulky muscles.
"After my run, which I was followed on;" Connor tilted his head.  "I got back to meet your old employer and his Kenshi goon with a bunch of guards."  
Maria's senses heightened with Connor's comment.  "Did they hurt you?"
"I'm fine Maria."  Connor reassured her.  "Let's just say I challenged Billy to a fight."
"Why would you do that?"  Maria’s voice was filled with anxiety.  "We need to be cautious and catch him off guard."
"If I'm going to remove him from this equation I'm going to do it in a fight."  Connor sounded confident.  "If Shuji wanted an assassin he would've hired one.  He wants Billy humiliated.  He knows I'm capable of it because of what happened in El Djem, but he also doesn't want to risk this coming back to sting the other side of the Kenshi."
"Slow down... what are you talking about?"  Maria cautioned.
"I just need to humiliate Billy in public, not kill him."  Connor voiced.
"Have you ever thought that the Kenshi wants Billy dead and that they're using you to get that done?"  Maria theorized.  
"I don't think that's his motive."  Connor slowly shook his head and walked into the bathroom turning on the shower.  "Shuji's different when you get him alone."
Maria stood up and started slowly pacing the room.  "It doesn't feel right to me Connor."
"Andre was fine with it."  Connor's voice heightened as the noise from the shower steadily increased.
Maria’s voice quivered.  "Andre hasn't seen the side of the Kenshi that I've seen."
"He has been a part of this world longer than we have."  Connor's voice echoed from the shower.
"I'm not sure I trust Shuji.  I don't like the way this is going..."  Maria walked back to the vanity just outside of the bathroom.  "We were going to catch Billy off guard and be done with it."
"He won't let me catch him off guard.  I have to take him on in the arena."  Connor's voice was resolute as he came out of the bathroom with a terry cloth robe wrapped around his broad shoulders and chiseled forearms.  
Maria looked at him and her face went blank.  "I'm still lost Connor.  What's your mom got to do with all of this?"
"Don't worry about my mom Maria...Worry about how I'm going to get Billy to fight in public."  Connor couldn't tell if Maria was embarrassed, flattered, or just uncomfortable. 
Maria refocused her thoughts.  "You won't be able to do it.  He's too careful and doesn't fight unless he has a distinct advantage."
"We need to make him think he'll have an advantage."  Connor encouraged.
"Even if you do that he's not going to fight here.  He knows not to trust you."  Maria countered.
Connor grabbed a shirt and pants and walked back into the bathroom and closed the door.  "He needs to be forced into the arena."
"He controls everything Connor...You can't do it."  Maria gazed at the door.  "We need to catch him by surprise."
"This needs to be done at the tournament."  Connor opened the door fully dressed.  "It's the best way."
"So what's your plan?"  Maria said disappointingly.
"You said Billy is planning to showcase all the great fighters around Kyiv, right?"  Connor asked.
Maria shifted her attention to getting herself ready.  "Yeah, so?"
"We need him to be showcased as one of the greats as well."  Connor sounded excited.
"Billy has control of all the publicity and media here."  Maria started applying eyeliner and mascara to her eyes.  "The only messages that go out are the ones he wants to go out."
"Well... We're going to find a way.  He will fight me and when he does, it will be the end of him!"  Connor glared at Maria through her reflection in the mirror.
"I hope your right Connor..."  Maria turned around and pointed to the bed.  "Sit down and eat."
      
Chapter 12:
Connor looked in the mirror and saw sleek black pants, a tailored black jacket, cuff links, a red cummerbund, and matching bow tie.  He smiled and wondered how the evening would go.  Less than a year ago he was living life one day at a time without a place to call home.  His life was now transformed.  He was the reigning staff master champion.  Unfortunately, he was also targeted by nearly everyone in the stick fighting world and only trusted a handful of people in the world.  One of those people was the woman walking towards him.  Her hair put up in an artistic bun with fresh flowers carefully weaved throughout the bun.  Her dress matched his tie and cummerbund.  It didn't look like she was wearing makeup, but her face radiated elegance.  She softly grabbed his hand and kissed the back of his shoulder.  
They walked out of the hotel room and were immediately escorted at a distance.  The decent into the hotel lobby was effortless as was the canter to the hotel's ballroom.  The ballroom was full of dignitaries, affluent Ukrainians, and a select group of staff masters.  Connor and Maria were met with a few flashes from a camera and suddenly were the attention of the entire ballroom.  The crowd around them slowly opened a passage for the couple to make their way to the front table in the ball room.  After patiently shifting through the crowd, Connor could see two of the other Staff Masters sitting at the front table.  One was Andre's rival Vladimir.  Connor glared at him and then shifted his focus to Dominik from South Africa who his sweet companion Maria loathed.  Connor turned to look at Maria as she carried herself proudly in front of the man she considered viler than Billy.  It was clear that Billy intended to parade two fighters that could potentially get under Connor's skin.  Calmly, Connor took his place at the front table sitting at length from his fellow staff masters.  
Connor turned his attention to the crowd and watched as the man with the camera continued to take pictures and many of the onlookers gawked at the front table facing the ballroom.  The crowd suddenly shifted their attention as one of the side doors to the ball room opened and a spotlight shined on Billy and Takeo.  Connor picked out the three security guards escorting them.  The entire ballroom seemed to converge upon Billy and Takeo.  
Amidst the distraction, Dominik called out to Connor.  "I see you brought back my girl!"
"Are you referring to my trainer?"  Connor curtly responded.  
Dominik laughed at Connor's response.  "That fit bird ain't no trainer.  She's ace in the sack!"
Connor looked down and then stood up.  Dominik immediately stood up as well.  "If you demean my trainer again we can continue this outside."
Dominik appeared to brace himself to take off his jacket when the company converging around Billy and Takeo arrived at the front table.  Connor winked at Dominik and calmly sat back down.  Domink returned the gesture with a clenched fist.  
Maria leaned into Connor's ear.  "You don't have to defend me from that goon."
"I'm not, I'm playing into Billy's stupidity."  Connor smiled to the crowd.
"What's that mean?"  Maria gently kicked him under the table.
Connor felt for Maria's hand under the table and gently held it.  "With any luck we'll have Dominick out of the tournament before it begins which will open a staff master spot for our friend Billy."
"I told you it's not going to happen."  Maria gave two quick squeezes to Connors hand.
"We'll see."  Connor rose from his seat and applauded Billy and Takeo as they arrived.  Billy gave Connor a demising stare.  There was a sudden flury of security activity as the crowd was quickly dispersed to the general seating area.  Billy took hold of a microphone and walked out onto the empty ballroom floor.  Takeo meanwhile sat right next to Connor.  Connor smelled soy and sugar as the Japanese fighter adjusted his seat.  Billy then started his speech pausing occasionally for a translator to repeat what he had said.
"My dear Ukrainian friends, I am so pleased to be joining you tonight at our staff master gala.  I have promised you the top staff masters in the world at this tournament and you have seen for yourself our four valiant combatants."  The crowd applauded.  "I will take a moment to introduce each of them to you...Seated to my far right, accompanied by his trainer is a man your country has come to despise...and yet silently revere.  He has amassed six tournament victories outside of Russia, currently reigns as the top fighter in all of Russia, and has dominated the Ukrainian-Russian championship for the last decade.  I give you Vladimir!..."
The crowd gave a half-hearted cheer and several whistles.  Connor watched Vladimir chuckle at the sober reception.  
"Our next staff master for this tournament hails from the land of South Africa.  He has claimed three tournament victories in Europe and five tournament victories in Africa.  He seizes every opportunity inside and outside of a match and enjoys punishing his opponents.  I give you Dominik!..."
The crowd's applause grew louder, but Connor could sense they were still waiting for something.
"Our youngest staff master of the tournament comes to us from England.  He is one of the few to still use the quarter staff in our sport.  He is fresh off of his first tournament victory in Tunisia and is making his inaugural professional appearance in Europe.  Last night you watched the broadcast of him defeat a Kenshi master, a Russian staff master, and physically destroy a grizzled veteran!  I give you Connor!..."
The crowd erupted in applause for Connor.  Connor thought about what Billy had just said.  His fights from El Djem were televised to the Ukrainian people.  He didn't know how to feel.  Connor politely waved to the crowd until Billy started his final introduction.  
"After showcasing Connor, my corporation, Beyond Sight, brought you something that has never been seen outside of Japan.  We showcased highlights of the reigning Kenshi tournament champion.  His introduction is long overdue!  I give you Takeo!..."
Connor felt an upheaval roar as Takeo stood and waved to the well adorned crowd.  Connor leaned over to Maria.  "Did you know they were going to televise us?"
Maria looked baffled.  "I didn't know what Billy's plan was.  I just knew he was going to highlight the staff masters."
"Can we get a hold of that broadcast somewhere?"  Connor asked.
"I don't know Connor.  Billy is probably the only one to have it."  Maria paused to think among the applause.  "He probably disabled all of the digital recorders in the country or something.  He wouldn't let something like that get out to the general public."
"Are you sure?"  Connor second guessed her.
"It wouldn't make any sense to open it up to everyone.  Protecting his product is more critical than anything for him."  Maria leaned into Connor as the applause diminished.  "He can't create anticipation if everyone has access to his best cards."
"You're right.  We still need to find a way to see it."  Connor was worried about this new wrinkle.
"Just watch them fight at the tournament."  Maria put her arm across Connor.  "It will be better for you to diagnose their styles."
The crowd had finally completely settled, but there was still plenty of chatter in the air.  "I'm not worried about Takeo.  I want to see myself."
"Why?"  
"Because every other fighter has most likely seen that video by now and I need to know what they saw."  Connor said thoughtfully.
Maria leaned over to Connor.  "When they open the floor to dancing we can put out feelers." 
"They're translating everything.  I don't know if we'll be able to communicate with anyone."  Connor lowered his voice.
"I'm sure some of them speak English."  Maria responded.
Connor repositioned himself on his chair.  "We'll have to wait and see."
Billy walked right behind Connor as he and Maria were finishing their conversation.  Music began playing and an army of wait staff descended on the crowd.  A plate of Ukrainian dumplings and salad was served to the front table.  Connor played into Billy's charade and acted delighted to be enjoying a fine meal.  As the meal concluded Billy opened the ballroom floor to dancing. 
Connor observed as Vladimir and Dominik thanked Billy for the meal, and then requested to leave the festivities early.  Billy obliged their request and while they were exchanging adieu's Connor escorted Maria onto the dance floor.  Billy turned to see what Connor was doing and he disapprovingly stared as the open dance floor suddenly flooded with Kyiv's affluent crowd.  Before Connor had a chance to dance with Maria, a voluptuous woman with platinum blonde hair and dark green eye shadow was holding Connor close to her chest.  Connor could see an older gentleman with a bristly mustache dancing with Maria.  Connor smiled at Maria and she smiled back.  It appeared that they would have the opportunity to find someone who spoke English.  
After four or five dances, Connor finally danced with a woman who spoke English.  In the flurry of activity he had only occasionally seen Maria and had no idea if she was having any luck.  The woman he was with had light brown hair, brown eyes, and seemed to be in her fifties.  Connor introduced himself as he had done with each previous dance partner.
"My name is Connor."  He said slowly.
"My name is Lyudmila."  She responded in a thick accent.
"You speak English?"  Connor responded.
Lyudmila smiled.  "Of course, I taught English to college students here in Kyiv."
"It's a pleasure to meet you Lyudmila."  Connor turned on his best charm.  "And might I add you dance wonderfully." 
"Thank you Mr. Coleman."  Lyudmila politely responded.
Her formal tone made Connor feel a bit uncomfortable.  "You can call me Connor."
The woman blushed as Connor deformalized the conversation.   Connor pursued the conversation.  "Did you see me on television last night?"
"Of course!  The whole city saw it."  Lyudmila responded.     
"Will they be showing the broadcast again?"  Connor inquired.
Lyudmila paused.  "I don't think so.  It was a special broadcast."
"If I wanted to see it again, how could I view it?"  Connor theorized half-heartedly.
Lyudmila looked around Connor.  "I could ask my husband.  He is dancing with your girlfriend."
Connor tuned and saw Maria dancing with a very tall and slender man with graying blonde hair.  "Does he have a copy of the broadcast?"
"No Connor, he is secretary of media relations for Ukrainian government."  Lyudmila grinned.
Connor's eyes widened.  "Wow!  I guess I danced with the right woman tonight."
Connor hastened the pace of the dance as the rhythm of the band raised its tempo.  As the song ended, another woman approached Connor asking for a dance.  Connor looked at Lyudmila as if pleading for a rescue, but was not getting a response.  "I'm sorry, but I can't dance anymore.  I need to attend to my training."
The woman looked a bit confused and then Lyudmila said something in Ukrainian.  The woman smiled and walked away.
"Thank you for that."  Connor sighed.
Lyudmila giggled.  "Is not a problem, shall we find my husband?"
"Yes!" Connor emphatically insisted.
Connor followed Lyudmila across the dance floor.  Maria was conversing with Lyudmila's husband in English.  Connor smiled as he arrived.  "Lyudmila, this is my trainer, Maria."
"Nice to meet you Maria..."  
Maria's face was beaming.  "It's good to meet you Lyudmila."
"And this is my husband Gennady."  Lyudmila attached her arm to her husbands.
"Good to meet you Mr. Coleman, I was fascinated by your match on television."  Gennady spoke with less of an accent than his wife.
"Thank you.  I was hoping you could help me with that."  Connor cleared his throat.
"With what?"  Gennady said curiously.
"Your wife told me you might be able to help me get a recording of the broadcast from last night."  Connor unapologetically requested. 
Gennady smiled at his wife and then at Connor.  "You want to study other fighters... Billy tell me someone might ask."
Connor quickly shook his head in disagreement.  "I actually just want the video of my fight."
"You like to watch self beat others up?"  Gennady let out a boisterous laugh.  Connor kept a straight face.
"I've actually never seen myself fight; this would be quite a gift if I could see it."  Connor said humbly.
Gennady's eyes squinted.  "How fighter like you never see self fight?"
"I'd be willing to tell you if I got to see the video."  Connor offered.
Gennady thought for a moment.  "We must go now.  Is no copy of broadcast except for one Billy holds... but I can replay all broadcasts from previous day until midnight of next day... is saved automatically on my computer with government."  Lyudmila looked at Gennady suspiciously.  "Is my job Lyudmila.  Come, we go to our flat."
"Can we meet you outside?  Maria and I must thank our host before we leave."  Connor looked at Billy who was busy talking with a large group of people.
"Of course, we will be outside in fifteen minutes."  Gennady said.
Connor thanked Gennady and Lyudmila for agreeing to help him.  Taking Maria by the hand he ceremoniously walked up to the head table and expressed appreciation to Billy for hosting the event.  Billy suspiciously eyed Maria and Connor before excusing them from the event then resumed his conversation.  

Chapter 13:
Lyudmila and Gennady were waiting for Connor and Maria on the other side of the street outside the hotel.  As soon as Gennady spotted Connor he started walking.  Connor stayed on the opposite side of the street and tried to keep pace with the long legged Gennady.  After they had walked a block, Maria briefly paused, but was tugged by Connor to keep going.
"We have a guard following us."  Maria warned.
Connor kept walking.  "Of course we do Maria, that's why they're on the other side of the street."
"How did you know they'd be on the other side of the street?"  Maria asked.
"I didn't, but if they weren't I wouldn't be following them."  Connor was all business.
Maria increased her pace.  "Do you think they know about Billy?"
Connor grabbed Maria's hand.  "He's a politician Maria, he's aware of the danger he'll be put in if Billy catches him doing this."
"Then why is he doing it?" Maria was full of questions.
Connor surveyed the street and grimaced.  "I don't know yet, but we've got to get this guy off our tail." 
"That's your department, not mine."  Maria smiled.
"If they go down to the subway we can lose him."  Connor observed.
Maria glanced across the street at Lyudmila and Gennady.  "It looks like that's where they're going."  The nearest entrance to the subway for Maria and Connor was still a half block away. "Hurry up Connor, if we don't get down to the subway we won't know what line they're taking."
Connor could see a sign with a stick figure going down stairs.  "How fast can you go down stairs?"
Maria moved quickly to keep up with Connor.  "I don't know."
"In London I used to see people move their feet so fast it looked like they were floating down the escalator... are you up for that?"  Connor slowed down and put his hand around Maria's waist.
Maria looked down the long set of stairs and took a quick breath.  "Let's give it a try."
Connor and Maria hit the stairs entering the subway entrance faster than they were walking.  Maria fished out some Ukrainian money from her purse and handed it to Connor as they scurried through the subway turnstiles.  The money got them past the turnstiles easily; Connor caught a reflection of the guard searching his pockets for money to get through the turnstile through a piece of metal hanging on the wall.  He couldn't tell if he got through, but by the time they got to the escalator the two tore off as fast as they could to the bottom.  Connor felt like he was running downhill in a full sprint as the escalator kept descending.  Maria stayed close behind.  
When they reached the platform below they saw Lyudmila and Gennady entering the rear car on the red line that was quickly departing.  Connor grabbed Maria by the hand and raced onto the front car.  The door nearly closed on Maria, but they both got in without a problem.  Connor sat down to look out the window.  As the cars started to move he saw the guard who was following them come to a screeching halt at the bottom of the escalators.  He looked right at Connor and Maria reaching for his ear piece transponder.  Connor knew he would call in the incident and report the subway line they were on.  He thought as quickly as he could.  
He stood up and had Maria follow him as far back in the car as he could.  "At the next stop we'll get off and transfer to the next car unless our friends get off."
Maria nodded in agreement.  It didn't take long for the subway to abruptly brake and come to a stop.  Connor led Maria off the subway and to his surprise Lyudmila and Gennady were exiting the subway as well.  They made their way to a bridge indicating that it led to the green line.  Connor felt a sudden sense of relief.  He wondered if they had consciously made the decision to switch lines or if it was just good fortune.  Connor kept his distance from his new friends, but by the time they got onto the other platform there was a hoard of people.  Connor took Maria by the hand and tried to race ahead to keep pace.  He saw Gennady's tall head go towards the east bound track.  He immediately turned to face the same track.  The train arrived shortly after the crowd started to clear.  Connor watched the transfer bridge and the escalator entrance for any of Billy's guards; he didn't know how quickly they'd spring into action.  As he entered the paused subway he saw the same guard they eluded come racing across the transfer bridge.  The green line was pulling away.  Connor purposefully knocked Maria's purse on the ground and then grabbed her to make a terrible attempt to crouch as low as he could to pick up the purse.  
When the subway was in the dark tunnel Connor stood up with Maria.  He had no idea if the guard caught sight of them or not.  His best guess was that Lyudmila and Gennady were two cars behind him.  The subway was too crowded to switch cars.  
On the third stop of the green line, Gennady and Lyudmila finally exited their car.  Connor and Maria quickly followed the couple up the escalator.  Connor was finally able to admire the granite walls of Kyiv's subway system and polished metal on its escalators.  While admiring his surrounding, Maria suddenly gave Connor a nudge.
"He's waving us up."  Maria pointed up the escalator.
Connor looked ahead to see Gennady motioning with his pointer finger to come closer.  Connor scooted around others on the escalator as he and Maria caught up to Gennady about two thirds of the way up the escalator.  He continued to look straight ahead and started talking.
"Is good you followed us this far.  I'm sure this Billy will have someone in front of our flat.  Watch the building we go into, but keep far back.  When all is clear, go to number two zero two.  Tell woman, noozhna okna.  She will get you to me... Now fall back."  Gennady sounded militaristic in his directions.
Connor intentionally started stepping backwards as Gennady and Lyudmila approached the top of the escalator.  Gennady was easy to spot in the crowd because of his height.  Connor and Maria watched them from a distance as they exited the subway station.  After waiting a minute they exited as well.  Connor saw Gennady and Lyudmila crossing the street to an apartment building where a police car was sitting with its lights on.  Connor saw a small thicket of trees nearby and lead Maria behind them.  
"Do you really think Billy knows where we're headed?"  Maria asked assuredly knowing what Connor's response would be.
"I'm almost certain he knows.  He didn't like it the last time he lost us and he doesn't trust us right now."  Connor kneeled down behind the trees.  "Everything we do is going to be suspicious from his perspective."
Maria scanned the apartment building.  "Well how do we get in?"
"Hopefully Gennady and Lyudmila get past the police without any problems and we'll just have to wait."
Connor watched Gennady and Lyudmila questioned by the police and then were approached by one of Billy's guards.  Connor cringed knowing that he wouldn't be able to just walk in the apartment.  Billy would have it staked out until he found his missing staff master.  Connor watched intently for nearly a half hour as the police car and the guard stood watch.  
Maria grew impatient.  "We're not going to get in."
"I've got to see the video Maria."  Connor said intently.
"You know if you get up there that Billy will find out you're there."  Maria said flatly.
Connor turned to her in frustration.  "What else am I supposed to do?"
"Just fight with your instincts like you did in El Djem."  Maria felt like abandoning the adventure.  "Let's go back."  
"These fighters are going to know what they're up against this time, I've got to know what they've seen."  Connor insisted.
Maria's patience had worn thin.  "It shouldn't matter Connor.  You are the better fighter for studying them when they fight and you can't put Gennady and Lyudmila in any more danger."
Connor kept watching the apartment.  "They want to help."
"Maybe they want to trap you?"  Maria stood up.
"This is ridiculous."  Connor stood up and grabbed Maria's hand.  "It's ten thirty and I've got 90 minutes before midnight.  I'm going to get in there to see the video." 
"Then I'm going back to the hotel!"  Maria pulled her hand away and motioned to walk away.
Connor's full attention swung to Maria.  "Are you joking?"
"No... I'm going back."  
Connor put his hand on Maria's shoulder.  She sloughed it off.  "I can't do this alone."
"You've done pretty well without me."  Maria pouted turning away from Connor.
"Maria wait... Can we get a note to Gennady?"  Connor offered.
Maria turned around with tears in her eyes.  "The concierge at the hotel will get him one... Why?"
"I need to apologize for not coming."  Connor said softly.
Maria smiled and then turned her head as she heard a police siren.  Connor turned to see Billy's guard jump in the police car and drive away.  He looked at Maria, his face holding back a huge smile. 
She shook her head.  "You'd better hurry up there, because they'll be back soon."
Connor gently grabbed Maria's face and kissed her.  As Connor pulled away he saw Maria's closed eyes and soft lips completely still.  He wanted to kiss her again, but knew he needed to hurry.  He raced across the street and took the stairs to apartment two zero two as Gennady had instructed.  
He rang the doorbell and an old woman opened the door and stared at Connor as if she was looking at a ghost.  Connor tried to remember what Gennady had said to say.  After several pauses he finally opened his mouth.
"Nooznah Okna?"
The old woman invited him inside.  She took him to the corner of her one room apartment and pulled over a stool.  She pointed to the ceiling where there was small latch.  Connor stood on the stool and opened the latch.  The latch opened a piece of the ceiling.  On the other side was another latch.  Connor opened the other latch and pushed up to find a brightly lit room.  Within a few seconds Gennady was coming over to the opening and helped pull Connor through the opening into his apartment flat.  
"We don't have much time... there was an attempted break in at your hotel five minutes ago."  Gennady winked at Connor and lead him to a large screen on the wall of the room.  Gennady manipulated icons and images with his free floating hands on the screen until a window appeared with Connor frozen on it ready to fight Shuji.  Gennady played the video for Connor.  Connor stood in amazement watching himself fight Shuji on the giant screen in front of him.  
The fight was edited, but he could see why Billy chose it.  Connor and Shuji exchanged rapid attacks with one another over and over again.  Billy played the similar sequence over and over again until the final segment of the match was shown.  It showed Connor absorbing a blow by Shuji while he swept his leg out from under him, causing Shuji to violently land on his already injured shoulder.  The video made Connor look glorious and vulnerable all at the same time.  
After the video was over Gennady pointed to the opening in the floor.  "This is all I can show you.  There is more, but it's too risky for you to stay."
"Thank you for showing me... it means a great deal."  Connor nodded in gratitude.
"You're welcome Connor."  Gennady smiled.
Connor started to crawl back down through the hole when an idea flashed in his mind.  He paused and looked up at Gennady.  "Do you know anyone who'd be willing to write an article on Billy?"
"I'm sorry Connor, you've got to know that I've already done too much... But your friend Lena knows."  Gennady replied.
Connor's eyes widened.  "What?  How do you know Lena?"
"Kyiv is big and small at same time..."  Gennady started to close the hatch.  "You ask Lena and I cheer for you in tournament."
Connor smiled and crawled back into apartment two zero two.  He could hear knocking coming from Gennady's front door.  Connor latched all the latches, thanked the old woman, and raced out the back door of the building.  When he got back to the thicket of trees Maria was waiting for him.  He looked to see that the police car had returned to the building.  
"What happened?"  He asked.
"After you went inside it was quiet for a while.  Another police car showed up a couple minutes ago, I thought they'd find you."  Maria started to tear up again.  Connor walked over to her and embraced her tightly.
Connor hugged her.  "It was worth it Maria, the video set my mind at peace."  
"Good.  How are we going to go back?"  Maria asked quietly.
Connor brought her in closer to his chest.  "We'll start walking and catch a taxi."
"Good, cause I hate the subway."  Maria tearfully laughed.
Connor put his arm around Maria and led her to a street on the opposite side of the subway station to find a taxi.                       

Chapter 14:
Bright lights illuminated the grassy surface below three levels of the silver steel stadium.  Video cameras panned across the crowd and the fighting surface in between each match.  The view from the second level luxury boxes allowed a view of the entire stadium.  The third match between level eight fighters had just concluded and the crowd was growing restless.  They were promised a staff master fight the first night of competition.  In his mind Connor had hoped he wouldn't be called to fight the first night of the tournament, but deep inside he knew it would be him.  The Ukrainian media had a field day with reports of Connor and Maria dancing with the dignitaries at the pre-tournament gala and the crowd had been cheering his name since his arrival was announced.
As the fighting area was cleared a booming deep voice echoed across the stadium.  Connor could not understand what it said, but he anxiously watched the colorful giant screen to see if his picture appeared.  Another level eight fighter appeared on the screen; he was a local Ukrainian fighter who looked to be a few years older than Connor.  The crowd briefly re-energized the ambience until the voice paused.  The voice boomed again and Connor's picture flashed on the giant screen.  The crowd erupted as quickly as Connor grasped his staff and duffle bag to exit the luxury box.  
An escort waited for Connor outside of the box.  Maria gently grasped Connor's hand while she quickened her pace.  The escort led the couple to an elevator which dropped them to the main floor of the stadium.  A group of people parted as Connor's escort paved a path to the fighting surface.  The grassy pitch smelled fresh, but the decibel level of the crowd was too loud to admire the only natural element of the facility.  
Connor walked Maria to the trainers area in a roped off area on the pitch.  Connor took off his warm up pants and jackets to reveal the gift Maria had given him earlier that day.  He wasn't sure if anyone would appreciate his uniform, but he was going to wear it with pride throughout the tournament.  The short sleeve blue body suit had a replica of the Union Jack emblazoned upon it in diagonal slant.  It was the first time since he left England that he felt as though a part of home was with him.  He looked at Maria and mouthed the words, "Thank You."  She smiled back.  
Connor walked out to the fighting pitch with the roar of the crowd behind him.  His opponent wore a pair of skin tight black shorts and no shirt.  He was an inch or so taller than Connor, but had quite a bit of body fat for a stick fighter.  Connor pitied his opponent, knowing that his only chance for victory would be for Connor to completely unravel.  With three hours of meditation prior to arriving at the stadium, Connor was confident he could defeat anyone in the tournament.  His opponent gave a nod of respect and then charged Connor.
Connor absorbed the charge rather easily and the two fighters began exchanging quick shots with their sticks.  Connor could see that he had landed several small shots on his opponent's upper arms, but it wasn't slowing down the Ukrainian.  As the exchanges slowed down, Connor spun away from his opponent to examine the damage he had inflicted.
A small sting nagged on Connor's hip, but he shut it out of his mind observing that his opponent had taken several shots on his triceps and shoulders.  Connor could see the Ukrainian was favoring his right shoulder and holding his stick at a lower position than when the fight initiated.  Connor quickly sprang towards his opponent, catching him off guard.  In one swing, Connor knocked the stick out of his opponents hand and braced to put his opponent on his back.  Before Connor could pull the trigger to lay his opponent flat, the Ukrainian dropped to both of his knees and waved the judges to call the fight.  Connor was declared the winner.  The crowd erupted in cheer.  Connor humbly lifted his staff above his head saluting the crowd and walked back to the trainers' area.  Maria helped Connor put on his warm up jacket and pants and the two exited the fighting pitch. 
Cheers of Connor's name echoed in the corridors under and through the stadium.  A Ukrainian announcer kept the crowd cheering as if they were calling for an encore.  Connor started to walk towards the exit of the stadium when Billy suddenly called his name.  
Connor clasped Maria's hand and turned to look at Billy.  "Billy...we should be getting back to the hotel for some rest."
"I can't let you go back yet.  The crowd wants to see you again.  Can we give them another fight?"  Billy asked confidently.
Connor dropped and shook his head in disbelief and frustration.  Billy was quickly debunking the privilege of fighting once in the first round given to all staff masters in a structured tournament.  "Are you really asking me to fight another first round opponent?"
"No Connor!  I'd like you to fight one of our fighters who has already qualified for the second round."  Billy smirked.
Connor glared at Billy.  He didn't know what kind of trick he was up to.  "So I'd be fighting someone who fought tonight?"  Connor had already viewed several fights prior to his own and none of the fighters were any better than the one he just put into submission.  
Billy shifted his head from the left to right very slightly.  "I guess you could say that."
Connor's eyes widened.  "I think I'd rather take my first round victory and go back to the hotel... Come on Maria."
"I'm not so sure the media will be so eager to give you the freedom you want."  Billy pointed to a clamor of journalists and video cameras hounding the private exit of the stadium.  Connor knew it would take them quite a while to navigate through the crowd, but was determined not to fall in Billy's trap.  
"I'd rather take my chances with them!"  Connor walked Maria up to the clamor of media anticipating their exit.  
About ten meters from the exit Maria stopped Connor.  "Do you think he could be forcing a forfeit?"
"What do you mean?"  Connor stopped walking.  
"If we leave before the fighting ends tonight and your name is drawn to fight again and you don't report for the fight, you'll forfeit the fight and be knocked out of the tournament."  Maria looked worried.
Connor scratched his head.  "He can't do that.  Andre told me all staff masters have a one fight limit in the first round."
"But what if he starts the second round tonight?"  Maria looked more alert than usual.
Connor was beginning to take her seriously, but still doubted the theory.  "He can't do that, the first round won't be over until tomorrow night." 
"He's already proven he can do whatever he likes."  Maria's posture began to cower.  "This is his tournament and he'll do anything to run you out."
Connor's adrenaline started to spike as he thought about what Billy might be up to.  "You think he came here to warn me against a possible forfeit?  He came here to set me up!"
"You've got to start thinking the way he thinks Connor if you really want to take him out.  He wants money and fame first, and then he wants to get rid of people."  Maria courageously stood her ground.  "He will start the second round tonight and we better be here when he does.  Let's go back up to the box and wait it out."
Connor looked disapprovingly at Maria and then he stared at the reporters and took a moment to think things through.  "We can go back, but if he calls me out to fight again tonight then I will call for him to join me on the pitch!"
Connor felt his face tense up and adrenalin level peak.  Maria's face went blank and then her head sunk downward.  As Connor led Maria back toward the elevator he saw Billy turn his head and smile at Connor's decision to stay.  
The luxury box felt the same as it did when Connor left it to go fight.  He looked down at the pitch and could see two level eight fighters resuming the action.  With closed eyes and deep breathes Connor slowed his heart rate and suppressed the flow of adrenaline through his body.  It didn't take long for him to have a clear head again and to look to Maria for some reassurance.  
"I'm sorry he pushes my buttons that way."  Connor offered an apology.
"It's understandable Connor, after what he's done to me and to your dad I don't blame you at all."  Maria's eyes started to well with tears.
Connor gave Maria a hug.  "I've got to get better control of myself or I will never beat him."
"You don't have to beat him... You just need to humiliate him in front of the Kenshi."  Maria cried a laugh.  Connor let out a thin smile at Maria's comment.  She laughed and he returned her jovial expression.  
The first round fights continued for another hour.  The crowd had the thrill of watching all three staff masters easily defeat their level eight opponents.  A number of level two fighters fought against level seven fighters and the crowd seemed more engaged when those pairings commenced.  As the evening wore on, Connor stayed focused on observing the fighting and taking mental notes of the fighters he saw.  One level seven fighter from Russia was able to defeat a level two fighter from Kazakhstan.  The crowd loved the upset and Connor admired the fighter's courage for withstanding the initial onslaught of the fight.  
 By the end of night the crowd had transformed themselves from ravenous dogs to tamed kittens.  As the announcer seemed to be dismissing everyone from the tournament a video appeared on the giant screen.  Connor was shocked to see Andre fighting Shuji in what looked like was an enclosed boat dock.  
The screen indicated that Shuji was a level two fighter and that Andre was a level seven fighter.  Connor was magnetized to the screen.  Connor could tell that Shuji's facial expressions were completely out of character from the way he would normally concentrate on his fighting.  Andre on the other hand was acting like a bull in a china shop, charging through whatever stood in his way.  The fight was more like a class on defensive techniques by Shuji and how to handle an over aggressive fighter.  The defenses however didn't last long enough and Andre ultimately left Shuji bloodied and beaten on the boat dock floor with a convincing knock out.  
At the end of the video the crowd surprisingly broke into cheer and the announcer once again baited the crowd.  He broke into his introduction tone and Andre's face flashed on the giant screen.  The crowd erupted.  Andre stoically marched out onto the fighting pitch in the same clothes he was wearing in the video.  Connor's stomach sunk.  Billy had set him up, but he knew he had a choice.  If his name were called he knew he could still walk away.  As Andre's stick fighting history was memorialized on the giant screen, the door to Connor's box suddenly opened.  Takeo stood at the door with Billy.  
"If you don't take this fight, you're friend Shuji dies!"  Billy's words cut through Connor's muscular exterior.
Billy held up a video device with Shuji gagged on the floor of the boat dock, still beaten from Andre's fight.  Connor looked at Maria.  Her face was ghost white.  The announcer came on again and Connor's name was called and flashed on the giant screen.  The crowd erupted once again.  Connor solemnly grabbed his bag and walked to the elevator never taking his eyes off of Billy.  
Billy escorted Connor and Maria to the fighting pitch.  As they entered, the crowd went ravenous once again.  Billy smiled for the cameras, took a microphone from someone, and stood at one end of the pitch.  Connor hurried Maria to the trainers' area as Billy started speaking to the crowd, only pausing for translation.  
      "Ladies and Gentlemen!  We have an unprecedented event for you tonight.  Your native champion and stick fighting champion has returned from exile to challenge the best in the world.  We put him right to the test against a former staff master and now he will fight the fastest rising start in our sport.  I give you the main event of the evening and a preview of round two, Andre versus Connor!!!"
Connor could barely hear himself think.  Despite the noise, he thought back to the video he watched of himself and knew that no one except for some of the other fighters knew that Andre was Connor's trainer.  To the crowd this would be a simple fight of the old guard against the new guard, and they would love only the victor.  He also knew that Billy was better connected than he thought.  If Billy had the whole truth about Shuji's request of Connor, his hopes of unraveling Billy's relationship with the Kenshi was fading fast.  Finally there was the question of Andre.  Would he come after Connor the same way he attacked Shuji and what had Billy done to provoke such rage?  Connor was about to find out.  
Across the pitch Andre checked the grassy surface for traction against his old shoes.  Connor approached Andre in his shiny new suit with a humble face.  Andre tore off in a mad dash directly toward Connor.  Connor quickly took the position of the cat and flung Andre onto the ground utilizing his own momentum.  Andre was quickly back on his feet exchanging blows with his former pupil.  Connor matched every move and could tell that Andre was tired yet ravenous for victory.  As Andre slightly paused to gain a firmer grip on his stick Connor struck his friend on his bad knee bringing him quickly to the ground.  Andre writhed in pain on the ground.
Connor cautiously approached his injured friend and quickly met a blow across his face.  Andre leaped up from the ground and limped aggressively toward Connor.  Connor paced his defenses to match Andre's attack in hopes that he might talk some sense into his friend.
"You need to calm down Andre... I could take you out right now."  Connor's voice was strained.
"Zen do it!  All I have is gone!"  Andre roared.
Connor intensified.  "What did Billy do to you?!"
"He vill kill Lena if you not die!"  Andre yelled.
Andre accelerated his attack and Connor nearly stumbled backwards onto the ground.  By the time he recovered, Andre had swept his leg and was shoving him to the ground.  Connor hit the pitch with a thud and Andre gave him two sharp hits on the clavicle to insure that he stayed down before the official called him off.
Connor collected his strength and slowly stood up.  The fight resumed and Andre was moving quickly again.  Connor deflected several of Andre's blows before his instincts kicked in and he connected a powerful blow to Andre's chin, knocking him to the floor for another point.  
Andre stayed down and the official began to count.  Connor hoped he would stay down, but the stubborn Ukrainian picked himself up again and charged Connor.  Connor saw the opening, clasped his staff at one end with two hands and delivered a knockout blow to his trainer.  Andre fell limp to the ground.  Connor rushed to his friend and lifted his head.  He could barely tell if Andre was breathing.  A team of paramedics rushed onto the field as the ravenous crowd grew silent.  Connor stayed with Andre as the paramedics carted him off the pitch and into a waiting ambulance.  Maria stood ready by the ambulance with Connor's gear and handed it to him as he held the hand of his unconscious friend.  Connor thanked her and entered the ambulance with the paramedics.  Connor turned to look at Maria as the doors to the ambulance closed.  Tears streamed down her face and then Connor felt them race down his cheeks as well.  
             
Chapter 15:
The flat white wall of the hospital hallway offered no warmth or comfort to Connor as he waited on the doctors to emerge from the room where they were treating Andre.  He replayed the hit he inflicted on Andre over and over again in his mind.  He couldn't remember exactly where he hit Andre or why he decided to put such a vicious hit on him.  Connor's soul was racked with pain, regret, and remorse.  He sat down against the wall and let out his emotions into his huddled arms.  Andre was already responsible for ending Veloz's life in the arena and now he felt like he was about to end the life of someone he deeply cared for by means of the same violent sport he had intrinsically refuted.  
He briefly looked up to see a nurse leaving the room.  Connor jumped to his feet to see if he could find out what was going on.  The nurse apologized in Ukrainian to Connor multiple times before he gave up communicating with her.  He watched her walk down the hallway.  She quickly faded in with her surrounding, but someone familiar stood at the far end of the hallway.  Connors face sank as his heart took courage.  She walked quickly and with purpose, by the time she got to Connor tears were pouring out of his eyes.  
She warmly put her hand on his shoulder and then embraced him.  "You had no choice Connor, he would have killed you if you didn't stop him."
"He wasn't himself Lena and I thought you'd be dead."  Connor let go of all inhibition.
"I'm fine, it's you who needs to be careful."  Lena warned.
Connor looked up with a red face and puffy eyes.  "What do you mean?"
Lena looked at him sadly.  "Billy wants you dead."
"How do you know?"  Connor's tears and red face were suddenly attentive. 
Lena quietly tried to get the words out.  "When his men came to capture Andre, I heard them talking."
"What did they say?"  Connor's senses heightened.
Lena looked around the hallway and with a sallow face let it out.  "After they shoved a needle into Andre's arm they started wagering against his odds of killing you.  Then they said if Andre didn't kill you it wouldn't matter because Billy had another way to get rid of you.  They said this was just a bonus and that maybe he get rid of you both on the same night."
"Did they know you heard them?"  Connor's mind was scrambling to sift out the details.  
"I was hiding behind the house, but I heard everything they said."  Lena said.  
"How do you know about the needle?"  Connor inquired.
Lena reached into her hand bag and pulled out the needle.  It still had a small amount of liquid in it.  "When they took Andre, they left the needle behind on the floor."
"Do you think we can get one of the doctors to tell us what it is?"  Connor examined the syringe and liquid even though he didn't have the faintest idea what it could be. 
"It's why I am here, when I heard what happened I came as quickly as I could."  Lena offered.
Connor turned to the door and slowly opened it.  Two doctors were tending to Andre who had his head wrapped in bandages and was hooked up to a ventilator to assist his breathing.  Lena started speaking in Ukrainian.  One of the doctors turned and listened to her.  He took the needle from her hand and then pointed for them to leave.  As Connor looked at Andre his feet froze, he felt like he couldn't move.  The doctor walked over and guided Connor out of the room.  The empty hallway felt even more cold and sterile than it did originally.  Connor's face was now pale.
Lena looked at Connor's transformed countenance.  "Are you alright Connor?"
"I'm fine... I think I need to sit down."  Connor slowly slid down the wall until he was in a seated position.  
"The doctors said they would look into it."  Lena motioned to leave.  "We should probably go and let him rest."
"I can't leave."  Connor protested. 
"We have to leave Connor.  The doctors don't want us here.  We can come back in the morning to check on him."  Lena nudged.
Connor stared blankly at the floor.  "What if he needs me tonight?"
"We've done all we can."  Lena empathized.  "Come back to the house with me."
"No.  I have a room in the city... It's closer to the hospital and I should probably check on Maria anyway."  Connor slowly stood up.  Lena helped balance him as he got up.  He slowly walked away from Andre's room with his head hanging low.  
Lena accompanied him all the way back to the hotel.  Connor offered her the bed to sleep on as he was certain he would be up all night, but she politely declined and left Connor to go into his room alone.  Connor went in and sat on a chair in the room.  His mind raced around the events of the day over and over again.  After he had replayed the day in his mind three or four times he realized he was alone.  
Connor felt startled; he realized Maria wasn't back in the room.  He alertly leapt to his feet and started looking around the room.  It was left in the same condition as he had left it in except for one minor detail.  An envelope was positioned upright on the hutch in the room addressed to Connor.  Connor picked it up and slowly examined it.  It was plain white and sealed like any envelope might be sealed.  He opened it and pulled out a letter.  He looked around the room and then looked down to read it.  The letter was typed and did not contain any stationery, heading, or ending.  It read.
It's truly sad what happened to your friend this evening.  No one knew you had so much animosity toward him.  I wish him the best for a speedy recovery.
You might be wondering where your girlfriend is.  I have decided that she is too valuable to me and I am holding her for safe keeping until the end of the tournament.   Everyone close to you is disappearing and I wouldn't be surprised if you were feeling incredibly lonely right now. You might find it interesting that someone who was once close to you is even closer to me.
After my demonstration in El Djem, I was bequeathed an American gem.  She has more knowledge of the stick fighting world than any woman I know.  Her treachery runs deep, but she has one weakness.  Her weakness is you.  She wants to meet with you.  I have granted her request to meet with you, but I must insist that I remain present during your meeting.  It should be a unique reunion.  
Come to my suite tomorrow afternoon at two o'clock.  I will have further instructions about your role in this tournament at that time as well.  Goodnight.

The letter was left unsigned, but Connor knew exactly who it came from.  Billy was burrowing his ugly head deeper and deeper into Connor's life and it was clearer than ever that Billy needed to be disposed of.  Connor took in three deep breathes, sat on the bed, and closed his eyes.  It would take plenty of rest and a balanced mind to make it through the next day.  

Chapter 16:
Two guards stood silently in front of the double doors to Billy's suite.  Connor had been sitting on a chair in the hallway for the last ten minutes.  He had arrived early to Billy's requested meeting after he was chased off from the hospital where Andre was recovering.  
Connor spent all morning trying to get information about Andre from various nurses, doctors, janitors, and secretaries at the hospital.  After several failed attempts, Lena arrived back at the hospital and was able to get a little information.  She found out that Andre remained unconscious and that he had suffered several internal injuries which he could not have sustained in his short fight with Connor.  She also found out that Andre had some strange chemicals in his blood stream.  
The news left Connor with mixed emotions.  He was relieved that he wasn't the primary cause of Andre's hospitalization, but was equally outraged knowing that Andre had been victimized by Billy.  Connor was not surprised that his friend was probably drugged.  He knew Billy's tactics of using pharmaceuticals on fighters and he wasn't surprised Billy would drug someone to launch them into a hysterical rage.  
The events of the morning weighed heavily on Connor's mind, but he also needed to focus on the predicament Billy was forcing him into.  He looked at the closed doors and felt incredibly nervous about meeting his mom.  With closed eyes, Connor thought about the happy memories of his mother.  It wasn't hard to imagine her holding him and playing with him on their small farm.  As vivid as anything he had ever seen, Connor could see his mother's smile.  Her thin lips and tightly pointed chin were crystal clear in his mind.  As he held the picture in his mind he opened his eyes to see Billy exiting his suite.
"Glad to see you made it."  Billy sneered.
Connor stood up and marched right past Billy bumping him in the shoulder as he walked by.  "Let's get this over with."
"Slow down!"  Billy outburst in opposition to Connor's decisive action.  "She's not quite ready." 
"You said two o'clock!"  Connor marched right into the empty suite and turned quickly to face Billy who was walking straight toward Connor.  
"I will not be disrespected like this!"   Billy fumed.
Connor put his nose right in Billy's face.  "What instructions do you have for me?"
"Now that's better."  Billy side stepped Connor's aggressive movement.  "You Connor have had an unexpected injury."  Billy chuckled.
Connor expected some kind of trick.  "You want me out of the tournament?"
"Precisely!" Billy smiled.  "Except... I'd like you to join me in honoring your friend Andre before you bow out.  He's in quite the treacherous condition."
Connor bit his tongue from lashing out.  "I'll bow out if you meet me on the pitch."  The opportunity could not have been better for Connor to leverage back against Billy.
"So you still want to finish what we started in France?"  Billy was amused.
"Fight me in the tournament in a clean fight and I'll leave...  Win or lose."  Connors intensity was starting to envelope the room. 
Billy took a minute to soak in the proposition.  "It's too bad I've seen you fight or I might have accepted your challenge."
"I guess we can finish it now then."  Connor walked intently toward Billy.
Billy backed away looking for an out, but didn't see one.  Connor sensed fear in Billy's eyes as he came closer with each step.  Just as Connor was about to reach out and grab his nemesis; a side door to the suite opened.  Connor quickly turned to see a late middle aged woman in a business suit enter the room.  Her brown hair and green eyes were exactly as he remembered them when he was a child.  She wore glasses and looked serious, but wore a glint of a smile on her thin lips. 
"Sorry I'm late."  The woman announced.
Connor halted his advance toward Billy.  Billy meanwhile slithered towards the woman and escorted her to a sitting area near the front doors.  Connor patiently followed and watched as Billy sat the woman down and then joined her.  
"Won't you sit down Connor?"  Billy politely requested.
Connor gently shook his head in disagreement.  "I'm fine standing."
Billy apprehensively adjusted his posture and cleared his throat.  "This is Celeste..."
"Hello mother."  Connor cut off Billy.
Celeste's grin turned sour as she focused on Connor.  "I prefer to be called Celeste."
"Did you want to ask me anything or are we done?"  Connor said coldly.
"Is your father truly dead?"  Celeste asked intently.
"Killed with a Kenshi knife at Billy's stick house."  Connor glared at Billy who was now wriggling in his seat.
A glint of remorse peered its way out of Celeste's eyes.  "He was an honest man."
"Celeste my dear... shall we tell Connor why you wanted to meet him?"  Billy steered the conversation.
"I am happy with the decisions I have made in my life."  Celeste sounded as if she was reciting verse.  "You brought me great joy as a young mother, but I must preserve my own livelihood.  Go forward with your life knowing I loved you when I could and that I have a broader agenda to complete now."  
"Crikey mom!  Who feed you that line?"  Connor exclaimed.
Billy braced himself in his seat.  "It's how your mother truly feels Connor.  It is why you have no reason to continue on this path of violence.  Go back to England and live the life you wanted."
Time slowed down as Connor suddenly felt the careful footwork of the stag invade his mind.  He could sense he was on a slope and needed to use sure footing.  Then it came.  Celeste looked toward the ground and Connor could see a tear restrained in the corner of her eye.  
"Would you like to come with me mom?"  Connor gently asked.
Celeste couldn't hold it in any longer.  She let out a gasp and the tears started flowing.  Billy was confused, he rose to his feet and quickly grabbed Celeste by the hair and yanked her to her feet.
"Let go of my mom!"  Connor roared.
"I've got everything that's precious to you in my control!  With one word your friend Andre will die, your slutty girlfriend will be back on the street, and your mom will join your dad!"  Billy threatened. 
Connor took in a deep breath and puffed out his chest.  "You win Billy.  I will bow out after I fight tonight.  Give me Maria as my trainer and I walk away after tonight."
Billy smiled.  "I'm not playing into your games boy.  That girl is mine now!  After you're gone you can only hope all of your friends will be granted my mercy."
"I can't stop you Billy."  Connor conceded.
Billy thrust Celeste down onto the sofa where she was sitting.  "Before the matches begin we will honor Andre.  You will be there and then you will fight, get hurt, and lose!"
Connor could sense the stag controlling his steps and then felt a fluffy tail tickle the back of his mind.  He wanted to let out an oppressed giggle, but instead stared blankly at Billy.  "Tonight it is."
Chapter 17:
Connor walked back to his room relieved that Billy did not have him followed.  The crack in the door to his room illuminated a small green light as he slowly opened it, he paused and noticed Lena sitting in the hallway several doors down the hall.  Connor's mind was once again tickled by the soft slinky tail of the cat.  He felt drawn to Lena and called for her to come join him. 
Lena stood up and walked over to Connor.  "Andre is doing better."
"That's good."  Connor compassionately took Lena by the hand.  
"I need him to come to the village tomorrow morning or the land will be foreclosed on."  Lena let out weepy tears.  "Babushka left a loophole in the legal documents and Andre is the only one who can file an appeal to the foreclosure."
Connor wasn't expecting Lena's news.  "Can Andre talk?"
"He's still asleep, but he's moving around in his sleep and one of the nurses says he keeps getting better."  Lena exhaled.
Walking with Lena into the hotel room and toward the bed, Connor sat down and made sure his idea had solidified in his mind before abruptly changing the subject.  "Do you know anyone in the media?"
Lena looked confused at Connor.  "My friend from grammar school runs a political news campaign here in Kyiv."
"What methods does he use to circulate his message?"  Connor asked calmly.
"Everything from digital marquees on roadsides to political broadcasts..."  Lena looked sheepish as she offered up the information.  "Why do you want to know?"
Connor sat up and smiled.  "Do you think we could stop in on him?"
"Right now?"  Lena shrugged.
Connor stood up and grabbed his bag with his quarter staff.  "Let's go."
Lena seemed a bit confused, but she willingly followed Connor out of the hotel.  Lena started to walk south on the street and Connor told her to go ahead of him and that he would follow behind.  Connor sat on an empty bench outside the hotel as Lena briskly walked away.  Connor observed the scene for a couple of minutes before he was certain that Billy did not have a trace on him.  After a casual stretch of his arms he stood up and walked after Lena.  The walk did not take long; a mere three blocks away Connor saw Lena enter a building housing several small businesses.  The facade of the building was intricately designed to reflect the bourgeoning Ukrainian prominence in Europe.  Connor hastened his pace to catch Lena inside the building.  
Lena artfully awaited Connor a few meters inside the buildings entrance.  The two walked up a flight of stairs and found themselves in a large open space with video cameras, computers, banners, and a flurry of people walking around and talking.  Lena led Connor back to an office in the corner of the large open space.  Inside the office sat a tall lanky man with black hair, bushy eyebrows and thick glasses.  His face was somewhat gaunt, but he looked healthy as he studied the computer in front of him.  Lena opened the door.
"Michael... Do you have a minute?"  Lena asked with a tone of apology in her voice.
Michael turned his chair and in a fluent American voice responded.  "Lena!"  He stood up and walked over to the door and embraced Lena. "Come in... I'm just finishing a story for the Moscow news tonight."
Michael offered Lena and Connor chairs to sit down in.  Connor smiled politely to Michael, but the news man was much more interested in Lena.
"What can I help you with Lena?"  Michael sat back in his chair.
Lena looked at Connor as if she didn't know where to start.  "This is my friend Connor.  He is from England."  
"Glad to meet you Connor."  Michael looked a bit more studiously at Connor. "Aren't you the stick fighter?"
"Yes I am."  Connor responded.
"It's a shame you're mixed up in that racket."  Michael stated bluntly.
"What do you mean?"  Connor asked. 
Michael grimaced and tried to stop himself from talking when he looked at Lena, but the words came flying out.  "The entire mass media market in Kyiv has been bought out by the guy running that tournament.  He's controlling all the messages media outlets are putting out here.  Most of the other media outlets have allowed themselves to just get paid off and wait out his little escapade, but I decided a long time ago no one would ever pay me for my silence.  I've been busier than ever since he got here."  Michael smiled.
"How do you mean?"  Connor prodded.
Michael stared intently at Connor.  "Kyiv is a major city in Eastern Europe and plenty of agencies across Europe want to know what's going on here.  Everyone is reporting on your damn tournament, but we have a major election happening here in two months and I'm the only one covering it."
"What does an American care about Ukrainian politics?"  Connor inquired further being ruffled with Michael's gruff tone.
"My mother is Ukrainian and I chose to move back here after my parents immigrated to America.  This is my home.  Lena knows how I feel about my homeland.  She was my only true Ukrainian friend the twelve years I spent in the states."  Michael fired back. 
Connor felt like his hope of securing Michael's help was fleeting, but he knew he had to ask.  "I want to bring down the man running the stick fighting tournament."
Michael laughed softly through his nose.  "Good luck with that."  Michael glanced at Lena.  "How'd you get tangled up with this guy?"
Connor stood up from his chair and gently pressed his fists onto Michael's desk.  "I need to run a spot after my match tonight displaying how great a fighter Billy is... A spot that will induce the crowd to demand him to fight!"
Michael's squinty eyes widened.  "I don't have time for stupid gladiator games.  I'm sorry Lena, but I'm extremely busy."
"Tell him about Andre, Lena."  Connor pleaded.
Lena paused and looked up at Michael and Connor.  She looked confused and frightened.  Finally she cleared her throat.  "If he doesn't fight this man, I will lose the village."
"You mean our village?"  Michael's posture sunk.
Lena looked relieved.  "Yes Michael.  The village you were born in will be owned by Billy who runs this stick fighting tournament if Connor doesn't stop him." 
Michael looked at both of them for several moments.  "I'm not sure my agency has the capacity to pull something off like you want."
Connor paused.  "You'll do it then?"
"Of course I'll do it.  Our villages are some of the last pure things left in this extortionist culture.”  Michael said firmly.  “You two go out the back door, hopefully no one saw you come in.  If the spot runs you’ll know within a few minutes of your match ending… and by the way.  I will deny that you ever came here, I hope you honor that secret.”
Connor’s smile was about to burst as he clenched his teeth tightly. “We weren’t followed and I’m not sure how we confused your office for the bakery the maître d’ told me about at the hotel.”
Michael had a tense look and then let out a smile, he walked across the office as Connor and Lena followed.  “The bakery you were looking for is on the first floor, not the third floor.  Enjoy your time in Kyiv.”  Michael gestured his friends out the door and then went straight to work.

   Chapter 18:
Connor carried all his belongings to the nearby empty stadium.  The security crew let Connor in without protest.  He walked out onto the pitch of the stadium and took a deep breathe.  The late afternoon sun cast a shadow across most of the stadium as the cool autumn air softly wisped around some litter in the corners of the stadium.  Connor could feel the calm before the storm.  He knew it was time to fight with boldness, provoke his enemy, and bring out the wrath of the bear.  He raised his arms straight into the air, let out a roar and then slowly descended onto the pitch in meditation.
Connor felt a tremble on the ground.  He cautiously opened his eyes and swiveled his head.  At least a dozen stick fighters were warming up on the pitch where he sat.  A smattering of spectators had entered the stadium signaling it was soon time for the fights to begin.  Connor smoothly stood up, grabbed his fighting bag and journeyed up to the sky box where he would await his name to be called to fight.  As he walked he thought of Michael and knew in his heart that somehow he would be able to fight Billy tonight.  He thought of Andre and Lena and what it would mean to them for Connor to bring down Billy, and then he thought of Maria.  He had not seen her since he fought Andre and did not know where she was.  His pulse rate increased as worst case scenarios flashed in his mind, but he could not do anything right now, he knew the best way to make sense of Maria and his mom was to take down Billy and he knew he would have to do it alone.
From the skybox Connor watched the stadium fill to capacity.  He also watched as the jumbo screen carried the television broadcast of the pre-fight show.  As the first match started the screen continued to show the television coverage.  Rather than a public address system in place it seemed as though the two Ukrainian broadcasters had taken control of introducing fighters and filtering the messages heard by the crowd.  Connor knew this was different than the first round of competition and he quickly stared towards Billy’s skybox to see what type of reaction was going on.  As expected, Billy was calm, but had several men advising him in silent close eared whispers.  Connor knew Michael altered Billy’s agenda and Billy was scrambling trying to figure out what exactly had happened and if it was going to be a problem with the fights.  Connor contently sat down and finished watching a Russian fighter take down a Portuguese fighter.  The crowd was noisy and the broadcasters were more amplified and animated than anything Connor had ever seen.
The second round fights were some of the most competitive Connor had seen.  All the fighters fought inspired and even though two staff masters reigned victorious, their margins of victory were very slim.  As the night waned on, the time was quickly approaching for Connor to fight.  In his mind he continued to evaluate his plan.  He would have to win to incite the crowd to demand Billy to fight, but if Michael failed then Connor’s victory meant losing all of his friends and family.  There was angst to fold under Billy’s demands, but he was already alone.  He had no one with him and he felt like the only one preventing him from being with those he loved was the man who had killed his father and now enslaved his mother.  Connor would play by the stick fighting rules only once more and then it would be time to destroy the man who was trying to destroy him.  
Connor’s attention was turned back to the jumbo screen to see his name and picture appear, he briefly waited to see who his opponent was.  The broadcasters were briefly interrupted and halted their announcement and then read from a card.  Connor did not understand what they were saying, but suddenly a picture of Takeo flashed on the screen as well as the title of staff master indicating that two staff masters were about to fight.  Connor’s eyes widened, his shoulders tensed, he glared towards Billy’s box and could see his nemesis sneering at the crowd.  Billy had once again countered Connor’s move with one that seemed impossible to overcome.  Connor snatched his bag and stomped down to the pitch.
The roar of the crowd was deafening and electric ambience was firing out high volts of energy.  Connor caught up to Takeo who had left Billy’s skybox and was waiting at the elevator.  Takeo smiled as Connor approached.
“Are you prepared to spend time with your friend?”  Takeo mocked.
Connor did not respond to Takeo’s comments.  He watched the elevator arrive.  A group of security guards were in the elevator as the door opened.  Takeo entered and Connor followed.  The noise from the crowd was muted as the elevator commenced its quick decent to the pitch.  As the elevator’s buzz slowed down, Takeo stared at Connor.
“When I finish you I will walk into hospital and finish off stupid trainer who knock out my nephew from tournament.”  Takeo’s voice was raised.
Connor stared at him and knew that even he was being played by Billy.  The master puppeteer was now pulling strings of the Kenshi.  Shuji was right about Billy, he was the key to the Kenshi conquering the west and if he wasn’t brought down soon he could end up taking more power than he had any right to take.  “I will avenge your nephew myself if you allow me to defeat you tonight Takeo.”  Connor said calmly.
“You are foolish boy.  Kenshi fight for honor and revenge, is time for revenge to find you and your trainer!”  Takeo gruffed.
The elevator door opened and Connor hastily galloped up onto the pitch.  The only way to get to Billy was to get through a stubborn and misguided Takeo.  Connor positioned himself in the boar stance ready to charge Takeo once he took the pitch.  Takeo sauntered onto the pitch and the official made it clear that he would not let Connor do anything until he signaled the fight to begin. 
Connor sized up Takeo as he stripped down to a pair of sleek shorts, he even removed his shoes.  The official signaled for Takeo to come closer.  Despite Connor’s impatience to start the fight, he carefully watched as Takeo pulled out a staff that was braided with a flexible and strong wood toward the middle of each end of the staff.  The official looked studiously at the staff and asked Takeo for permission to look it over.  After a minute of surveying the weapon he allowed it to be introduced into the fight.  
The instant the official started the match Connor boar rushed Takeo and flattened him on his back.  A point was awarded to Connor and the crowd erupted.  Takeo slowly pulled himself up off the grassy pitch and stood steadfast in an open stance.  Connor charged him again and this time Takeo leapt in the air avoiding the charge.  Connor turned quickly on his opponent and engaged in series of rapid exchanges of clashing staff’s.  Takeo blocked everything Connor attacked with and Connor withstood all of Takeo’s counter strikes.  The two fought at a rapid pace until Takeo landed a hard shot onto Connor’s left hand.  Connor winced, but maintained his tight grip of the hawthorn staff.  Takeo advanced on Connor infiltrating the slight change in momentum.  Connor took a step backwards and then another step backwards.  He sensed Takeo was plotting a major assault.  Positioning himself in the stance of the stag he watched as Takeo violently spun his staff and came crashing toward Connor.  With his sure footwork Connor averted the assault and took out one of Takeo’s feet and then caught him square on the back with a hammering shot from his quarter staff.  Takeo plunged into the grass once again.
Connor breathed a sigh of relief, he had withstood the onslaught from Takeo and was now one point away from facing Billy.  The crowd was screaming for more action while Connor slowly watched Takeo rise from the humiliation he was facing.  Takeo looked down at his staff and gingerly leaned over and clenched the middle portion of the staff with his teeth.   He slowly and forcefully pulled out a wooden pin and the staff suddenly unraveled into two wooden nun chucks held together by the braided wood on each end of the staff.  Connor had only seen this type of weapons in old movies.  Now he watched as Takeo spun his transformed staff around his body furiously as the crowd cheered wildly.  
The style of the cat and fox simultaneously invaded Connor’s instincts.  He paused with defined control and waited to see how he would adapt to taking on this new weapon.  Without much notice Takeo was in attack mode.  He flew at Connor spinning his nun chucks in front of his upper torso.  Connor reacted by squatting to position himself to take out Takeo’s feet from under him.  Before Connor knew what happened he had one of the nun chucks wrapped around his staff and Takeo was preventing Connor from attacking with it.  Then a thunderous hit lashed across Connor’s face, he felt another and yet another until he fell to the ground.  Connor could hear the crowd erupt.  He lifted himself off the ground, but could quickly feel his right eye begin to swell.  It was difficult to see anything out his eye.  Connor knew he was now at a distinct disadvantage without full sight.
Taking all the time he could to recover from the attack Connor reluctantly took his fighting stance.  He could see rage in Takeo’s eyes and knew the next attack would come fierce.  Connor began a flourish of his staff, he knew it would be the only way of combating the fast moving nun chucks.  Takeo made several attempts to penetrate the flourish, but the hawthorn staff was too strong.  Connor was about to advance when Takeo suddenly struck Connor’s left hand again.  The pain burned up Connor’s arm and yet somehow he managed to grasp his staff with his right hand.  He swung at Takeo, but the maneuver was evaded rather easily.  Takeo advanced quickly and once again tangled up the quarter staff.  Connor awkwardly used the staff as a brace to keep the nun chucks a further distance away from his already swollen face.  Takeo was relentless and went right to work on Connor’s right hand.  Connor endured the hits as long as he could and then his hold broke from his staff and he feel again to ground. Takeo had matched Connor’s points and in the process destroyed his most valuable asset, his vice like grip on his staff.
Connor could scarcely feel the nerves and muscles in his hands.  He was glad he could pick up his staff off the ground, but knew he could not withstand another attack like the one he just faced.  Trying to clear his mind and focus on what he was taught as a boy, his mind for the first time went blank.  He felt nothing, heard nothing, and ultimately the images in front of him began to fade.  Something had overtaken Connor and he didn’t know if it was the pain, the desperate situation, or something he could not understand.  He could sense that his fingers were slowly dropping his staff until a familiar voice rang in the back of his mind.  It was his father’s voice.  “Don’t give in to this my boy!”  the voice said.  Connor opened his one good eye and could see Takeo ready to spring back into action and the official holding him at bay.  Flashes of his father’s death raced through Connor’s mind and then the posture and stance of Takeo was suddenly familiar.  Connor had seen it before, it was brief and fast, but it was Takeo who threw the knife that killed his father.  Adrenaline pumped at a rapid rate through Connor’s body.  He suddenly thrust his staff high above his head and roared at Takeo.
For the first time in the fight Connor noticed that Takeo looked uncertain as to what was happening.  The official let Takeo loose and he once again flew with his spinning nun chucks at Connor.  Before Takeo could reach Connor, the quarterstaff was lowered and thrust in the air toward Takeo.  Connor watched his quarter staff soar like an arrow past the spinning nun chucks and hit Takeo directly in his left rib area.  Takeo stopped his attack, grasped for his heart and fell prostrate to the ground.  Connor’s rage was still ignited as medics quickly transported Takeo’s limp body off the pitch.
Connor looked up toward the sky boxes and though he could not see Billy he knew what had to come next.  The broadcasters revisited the epic fight they had just seen as the crowd cheered and reacted to the replay on the screen.  Then, a video began to play showing close ups of Billy and his importance in the stick fighting tournament.  The video shifted to some old fight footage of Billy.  The crowd began to cheer Billy’s name.  Before Connor knew it a live camera was on Billy inside his sky box.  Billy looked uncomfortable, but was playing to the large crowd.  He tried to move the broadcast to the next match, but then a camera appeared next to Connor.  Connor could see himself on the jumbo screen.
Looking at the screen and suddenly hearing his breathing through the microphone Connor made his challenge.  “Wouldn’t you all love to see this legend of stick fighting in action?”
The screen flashed back to Billy while everything was being translated into Ukrainian.  “I’ve been retired for many years, let’s move on to our next match.”  Billy emphatically insisted.
Connor was once again on the screen.  “You mean to tell me it was someone else I fought a few months back in France, Billy?”  Connor antagonized.  
The crowd went silent as they waited Billy’s response.  “You must be mistaken staff master, I do not fight anymore.”  Billy plainly stated.
The screen was back to Connor.  He looked at the crowd who wasn’t sure how to react to the situation.  “Get down here Billy and let’s give these people a proper stick fighting demonstration!”  Connor insisted.
The crowd erupted and cheered for Billy.  Billy was visibly upset by the position he was being put in as he smiled and sneered into the camera.  Connor grabbed the cameraman’s attention and had him span the audience as the screen shifted to shots of the crowd.  “Look at these loyal fans Billy.  Come and give them what they paid to see!”
Connor panned the crowd as they cheered Billy’s name.  The camera affixed to Billy would not move off of him and Connor could see the uneasiness of the situation infiltrate Billy’s mind.  Billy smiled at the camera and motioned at them to wait a minute and then he turned his back to the camera and made a phone call.  Billy’s security team instinctively created a barrier around Billy to protect the privacy of the call.  Connor antagonized the crowd to cheer louder for Billy.  As he raised his staff above his head and cheered he could feel his hand swell and ache.  He could see that his vision was getting blurry, but he knew it was now or never.  He had the most powerful force on his side for maybe only a few more minutes, the power of the masses.  
As the crowd escalated their chant, Billy finally appeared from behind his security team.  He calmly walked towards the camera and paused as the crowd’s chant grew silent.  “Despite what you may think, I am going to make this decision based upon careful consideration of the situation in front of me.”  Connor internalized the message and his eyes grew wide.  “I will show the world, once and for all that Mr. Connor Coleman is nothing more than a tightly wound upstart fighter who has no future in a sport that requires careful skill and planning.  Connor…Prepare to be defeated!”
The crowd erupted as Billy marched out of his sky box to prepare for the next fight.  The broadcast of the fight returned on the jumbo screen as the stadium celebrated an unexpected heralded fight between a stick fighting legend and a young relentless rookie.
Connor took the few minutes he had before Billy arrived to slow his breathing and close his eyes.  He sat meditatively on the pitch and cleared the noise and commotion from his mind.  Thoughts of his father’s death charged his mind like a wild boar.  He withstood the pain it brought and thought back to the fight he had with Billy.  He visualized Billy’s stance, his cocky persona and his attack motion.  Connor could see the way to beat Billy would be to attack him on the right.  Connor’s heart dropped as he then silently clutched his left hand acknowledging Billy’s most vulnerable side for attack would require a strong left hand, which Connor did not have.  He wished in his heart for a balm or ointment to subside the swelling realizing the only assistance he would get would be from his training and focus.
 Opening his eyes, Connor watched as Billy made his way onto the pitch.  He was escorted by four security guards.  The official had the guards stop at the fighting entrance and Billy politely reassured them he would be fine.  As Billy walked closer, Connor could feel the blood in his body get hotter.  His plan had worked, but he would have to fight the best fight of his life to be rid of Billy.  
The official brought the two fighters together and explained the fight would be a knock out only fight.  Connor looked at Billy who sniveled slightly.  He could see that Billy was dressed in a black full spandex suit with padding on the legs, arms, abdomen, and back.  Billy would be able to absorb hits fairly easily with the padding. The obvious finally hit Connor in the face.  Billy knew Connor would fight him at some point and when it happened, Billy would be ready.  The reality of the situation left Connor with a cramp in his stomach and a sense of hopelessness in his heart.  Billy suddenly seemed indestructible.
Before Connor could gather in his thoughts and compose himself, Billy was on the attack.  Connor quickly took a defensive position and could feel his hand throb with each deflection of Billy’s advances.  To make matters worse, Billy was purposefully attacking towards Connor’s bad eye making it difficult for Connor to anticipate what Billy would do next.  Connor was reluctantly losing ground and the crowd could sense Billy’s momentum in the fight.  Before he knew it, there was a sharp blow on his bad hand followed by a crisp jolt to his knee.  Connor wobbled and then watched as Billy moved lightning fast with a full swing toward Connor’s head.  
Several things flashed through Connor’s mind as Billy’s stick came closer and closer.  He could simultanesouly see the stick slowly moving toward him and the faces of Maria, Lena, Andre, Shuji, and finally his mother.  Her face somehow blocked the forward movement of Billy’s stick.  Her face was beautiful and terrified all at the same time.  It pleaded for Connor’s help and warned him of the greater dangers if he truly decided to help her.  Instintively he knew she was in trouble and a renewed sense of determination and strength returned to Connor’s body.  He dropped his staff from his good hand and swiftly grabbed Billy’s staff that was less than a centimeter from knocking him on the temple.
   The crowd went silent while Billy’s eyes widened.  He had the look of panic and uncertainty as his nose twitched, eyes welled up, and throat dropped.  With the grasping power of the hawk, Connor wrenched the stick away from Billy and then pushed him to the ground.  He placed his foot directly on Billy’s throat.  The stadium watched in silence.
“You have killed my father, disgraced my mother, and treated my friends like scum!  It is time for the tables to turn!.”  Connor let out a low guttural growl and put all his weight on Billy’s throat.  
Billy squirmed and kicked.  His security guards rushed the middle of the pitch.  Connor could see Billy would not go away without a fight and in one swift move he reached down and snapped his neck.  Billy stopped moving.  His security guards paused and then continued their rush toward Billy.  Connor looked around and could hear sirens in the distance.  He quickly realized his actions would be viewed as ruthless and murderous.  The eerie quiet crowd gave him no reassurance.  He picked up his prized hawthorn staff and headed for the stadium exit.

Chapter 19:
The walk out of the stadium was silent.  No one stopped Connor or as much looked his way.  He had never felt so lonely around so many people.  As he exited the gate of the stadium one of the security guards heard something on his radio.  He hollered at Connor to stop.  Connor could hear sirens approaching quickly and he wasn’t sure what to do.  His conscience told him to stop and deal with the problem, but the agonizing look on his Mom’s face retuned and goaded Connor to leave.  
Within a few seconds of the guard demanding Connor to stop, a car screeched to a halt in front of him.  The door opened and an old Japanese man stoically motioned for Connor to get in.  Connor hesitated as his conversation with Shuji flooded back into his memory.  He looked at the old man with white hair and a long grey beard.
“Are you Nobuharu?”  Connor quickly asked.
The man nodded.  Connor jumped into the car as the security guard behind him ran and yelled for him to stop.
The car raced away from the stadium, but the sirens did not stop their determined wail.  Connor knew time was critical and he had placed all his trust in a man he had only briefly heard of.
“Who sent you?”  Connor asked apologetically.
The man turned to look at him, but did not respond.  He reached inside the silk robe he was wearing and handed Connor a letter.  Connor opened it cautiously even though his senses told him that he could trust the man next to him.  
Connor,
I am sorry I not one to save you from Billy.  You must go with uncle Nobuharu.  He get you out of Kyiv and to Japan.  We will meet in Zamami.  Is small village I tell you about.  Trust Nobuharu, he is most honorable man.  
Shuji….
His pact with Shuji was now forcing a precedence to not care for his friends and family.  Connor pounded his good fist against the dashboard of the car.  There was no way for him to check on Andre, Maria, or find out more about his mom if he kept going with Nobuharu, but he legitimately had no other choice.  He had killed Billy in front of thousands of people and he would not be able to easily escape the country if he stuck around.  Connor was ambiguous about what to do.
The car continued to wind out of Kyiv and found its way onto a straight strip of highway.  Connor recalled coming down this same highway in Billy’s car on his way back from Kyiv.  Connor asked Nobuharu to stop at Babushka’s village, but the old man did not respond to anything Connor asked.  The act of fleeing started to fill Connor with feelings of cowardice.  He thought about just opening the car door and jumping out, but every time the thoughts crept toward the front of his brain he thought of his mom and how she would most likely go back to Japan since Billy was dead.  The hope of finding her again kept him at bay.
After a half an hour of driving the car zoomed past the airport and made its way to a private air field.  A small jet anticipated the cars arrival.  Connor clutched his staff and exited the vehicle as it stopped.  Two Japanese men wearing black suits motioned for Connor to board the plane.  Nobuharu was quickly in tow behind Connor.  He nudged Connor toward the plane.  This would be the end of Andre’s homeland if he stepped aboard the plane and he realized if he continued up the steps he may never see his friend again.  Connor took a deep breathe, exhaled  and walked onto the jet.
The passenger cabin was very chic and modern with metallic paint and sharp lined captain’s chair.  Connor sat down in one of them and began to sulk as he heard the door close and the engines rev.  Slouching down he looked at the floor until a pair of high heels stopped in front of him.  Connor looked up and saw the same face that had invaded his thoughts since he killed Billy.  His mother was in tears as mascara slowly dripped down her cheeks.  He stood up and embraced her.  Sobs released from her tidy appearance until her knees went weak.  Connor held her up and then gently sat her in the chair opposite from where he had been sitting.  He sat next to her and comforted her by holding her close and letting her release all of the pain and heartache she had held for so long.  
The jet screamed down the runway as the sobs and tears transformed into weeps and gasps.  Connor watched as his mother’s eyes closed and her body melted into his shoulder.  She slowly drifted into a restful sleep.  Connor stroked her hair and kissed her head.  He had his mother back and even though nothing logically made sense and his choices over the last hour felt impulsive, rash, and selfish; Connor felt the dignity of the bear well up inside him.  He made good on his promise to Shuji, found his mother, and was now on his way to bring down the largest corrupt organization in the world.  He relaxed his posture, allowed himself to feel the pain in his hand and eyes once again and rested from a tragic chapter in his life.                
