Strangle the White Goose
Son of Sappho

Published by Ryan D Brinkhurst at Smashwords

Copyright 2015 Ryan D Brinkhurst



I live everyday of my life, everyday

"Boy, boy?"

"I'm no boy. Are you talking to me?"

"Boy, don't go in there. They take souls."

"You smell of vomit and alcohol; your clothes are ripped and stained, and your hair is matted on one side with blood and food. Do you need help?"

The man's eyes are vacant with dementia. For an old man, he’s quick, running off.

"I think he spotted me," a woman says out of nowhere.

"Wow. You’re beautiful."

"Thank you. You don't really have a filter do you?"

Her skin is pale white, and she has dark black hair. She is thin, almost too thin but petite, not starved.

"I'm honest. I tell people how I feel."

"Oh. What's the difference?"

"If I had no filter, I would tell you how your medium sized chest looks enormous on your small frame. I would tell you that I'm staring so closely into your eyes because I can't look away; I'm melting."

She doesn't look at all phased by my words. She smiles at me, a sweet and intrigued smile.
"Your honesty won't get you far here. That homeless man might be crazy, but he's right."

She's telling the truth. She hates something about this place.

"My honest personality got me to this front door. Now I'm going inside, and I'm going to get this 
job. Then, tonight, you and I are going for drinks."

"It's a Monday. I don't go out on Monday nights."

"Really? I live everyday of my life, everyday. Do you have a card? I'll call you later."

She hands me her card as though she’s a bit angry with me.

"Jessica," I read aloud off her card. "I'm Matthew," I say while extending my hand.

"I'm here to represent my client who plans on suing 'The Quest,' your future employer," she says while grabbing my hand with an evil smile on her face.


From somewhere else

Inside the office, I wait. I’m sitting across from a woman at a secretary’s desk who has a brushed steel name plate that reads “Kayla Martin, Executive Assistant.” Kayla has a rather conservative looking pant suit on, but she wears 6 inch high heels and leaves the top two buttons on her blouse open. Her makeup doesn’t bring out her beauty but instead her sexuality. Her lips are bright and highlighted in pink, and she wears some sort of sparkling make up on her cheeks. I don’t smell perfume though, no perfume. Her eyes smile as though she wants every man she sees, even though she doesn’t. She is trying to fit in, but she doesn’t. She’s not from the corporate world; she comes from somewhere else.

“Matthew, Mr. Miller is ready for you.”

Kayla escorts me in to the office, where I see Mr. Miller pretending to finish up some work. He made me wait, not long enough where I would be annoyed but long enough so that I know he is important enough to wait for.

“Thank you Kayla,” Mr. Miller says with a big toothy bright smile.

“Hi, I’m Matthew.”

I offer up my hand. He grabs it. His handshake is firm but not too firm, almost perfect. He actually shakes my hand up and down but only slightly. He stares at my hand the whole time. Mr. Miller practices his hand shake, and he’s checking his work, making sure it’s fine tuned, perfect.

“Matthew, I’m Jeff.”

Jeff ushers me over to his desk, gesturing his hand as though he wants me to sit across from him, but he won’t sit, not until I do.


The Flaming Bag

Now looking into Jeff’s eyes, I see that there is a real person, behind the perfectly manicured nails, whitened teeth, excessive cologne, and “store bought hair cut,” but Jeff is not about to let his true self show to me. He is doing that thing where he wants me to speak first. It’s a power and dominance thing. He called an interview with me, and he obviously has a ton of questions for me, yet here he is staring, thinking I’m going to break his awkward silence. He doesn’t realize that I have no intention of working for a flaming bag of douche, and I would rather live in a box on the street than succumb to a mind that is so simple to believe sitting here in silence is going to somehow achieve something in his favor. I see the look on old ‘Diamond Smile’ Jeff’s face, and he is ready to concede.

“Matthew, the reason I asked you here . . .”

Jeff turns away from me to look at his massive computer screen. He’s pretending that he has some important business on there, but he isn’t responding back, and his eyes aren’t moving as though they are reading. He stares at me again as he gets ready to speak.

“Sorry where were we?”

“You were going to tell me why I was asked here.”

“Oh! Right!”

Jeff certainly has the liar thing down, but I can tell that he’s insincere. He wants me to believe that I’m not really needed here; he wants me to want him, but I’m needed – I’m the expert, so I’ll wait for him to speak again.

“Matthew, the reason I asked you here was because you come highly recommended by Charles, a business contact that I trust. He carries great weight with me, but what I need to know from you is, can you commit? Do you believe in ‘The Quest’ and the great value that it brings to the world?”

“Uh, Jeff, my understanding of ‘The Quest’ is that it’s a large marketing agency with high paying corporate clients, and I’m being interviewed as the social media expert, so as far as . . .”

Jeff gets up.

“Sorry Matt, hold that thought. I’ll be right back.”

This is garbage. I’m not putting up with this. He’s walking out now. I can see how he does so well, spending his day pretending to be busy. There is only one sure way to really let this guy know that I won’t be a part of this corporate crap, so I start getting naked. Diamond Smile Jeff will be quite surprised when he gets back.


Completely Naked

I’m sitting, completely naked, waiting for the arrogant bastard to come back in the room, so I can show him exactly where I want him to shove the job. My eyes scan the room as I’m waiting for Diamond Smile Jeff. I see a stuffed and mounted white goose sitting on a pedestal. If taxidermy wasn’t the ultimate FU to this once lively animal, it is further demeaned by wearing a single dollar bill around its neck. The door opens slowly; he came back much sooner than I thought he would. I get a little excited about how screwed up this is, but that’s all right, anything to add to the shock value. Kayla, the Executive Assistant, slides through the door, no Jeff. Her eyes pop wide open as she quickly enters the room and forces the door closed behind her.

“Matthew, Mr. Miller asked that we schedule a second interview. When you’re ready, please gather your things, and we can schedule something at my desk.”

“Uh, K.”

She leaves, this time barely opening the door, just enough to slink out and close it behind her. It’s amazing how composed she was walking into a room with a naked man who had a semi.
I’m putting all my clothes back on, for good measure. What should I say to Kayla? I’m feeling that a possible awkward moment might come up. I’ll try to make it quick and painless. I open the door to go to Kayla’s desk. She doesn’t look busy, but she probably wants me gone as soon as possible.

“Mr. Miller apologizes for his emergency exit. Are you able to meet tomorrow at 10am?”

“Sure.”

“OK, great. We’ll see you tomorrow then.”

“Thanks,” I awkwardly utter.

Kayla must wonder why I was naked. What does she think?



The Gatekeeper

On my way out of the office, I see the beautiful lawyer lady. Do I call out to her? Do I let her walk by? I walk quickly in front of her, opening the door to the outside world. I feel, a bit, like the gatekeeper. I say nothing.

“Thank you Matthew. You are quite the gentleman.”

“I’m a sucker for lawyers,” I say, while following her out the door.

“Really? I thought you were a sucker for pretty women.”

“Nope. The fact that you are overflowing with feminine sexuality and your face is so pretty that it’s sometimes difficult to look at has no effect on me at all. It’s definitely the lawyer thing. That just starts the hell out of my engine.”

“Really? So, no matter what a lawyer looked like you would be interested in her?”

“Her? No, any lawyer, man, woman – heck, even if scientists started breeding super intelligent dogs to become lawyers, I would date them.”

“You would date a dog?”

“Absolutely. The last lawyer I dated was a 300 pound bald man, who was five foot two and had hair all over his back, none on his chest though – very odd.”

“So what ended that relationship?”

“Well, although he was a spark plug in the bedroom, he always wanted to be on top. Don’t get me wrong, I’m not so selfish that I always have to be the dominant one, but nobody should have a 300 pound man on top of him, especially one that constantly sweats.”

“Gross.”

“The sweat didn’t bother me too much. In fact, I quite like how agile he was. For a 90 year old 300 pound man, he sure could give me a full body buzz.”

“90, wow, you are open minded.”

“Indeed. Comedy aside, what are you doing for lunch?”

“Lunch? Um, I hadn’t thought about it; it’s only 11am.”
“Sure, but by the time we get there, sit down, have a couple of drinks and order, we’ll be well into lunch time.”

“I . . .”

“Jessica, I sense the pause, but I know you wanted to go out with me, and now it doesn’t have to be tonight, on a weeknight. I’ll buy lunch. At this time of day, we can get a table anywhere.”

“All right. I guess we have to celebrate your new job anyway.”

She looked at me inquisitively, wondering if I really got the job.

“I’ll tell you all about it on the way to the restaurant. Do you feel like walking?”

“Sure.”

I look down at her feet; she’s wearing running shoes, interesting.



Holding Hands

Jessica and I settled on going for Greek food, which suited me just fine. It’s great food, and you always get a ton of it. On the way to the restaurant, I told her all about the interview.

“The secretary walked in on you, just standing there naked?” Jessica asks.

“Yeah, Kayla, the Executive Assistant. It was weird and awkward.”

“Do you realize what she would have thought?”

“No. I wondered though.”

“Well, Matt, think about it. The boss comes out, tells the secretary to schedule a second interview with you. She walks in and sees you naked.”

“Right, weird, no doubt, but what was she thinking?”

“She was thinking that you got the second interview because you were naked. She thinks you were doing something sexual for the boss. Nobody randomly gets naked because they don’t want to get hired.”

“Well, I did. It’s effective.”

“It’s not all that effective. You got the second interview, not the job though.”

“I’ll get the job.”

“I think your predictions are off. How far do you think you’ll get with me?”

“I’ll kiss you before we sit down for lunch, on the lips. My hand will gently stroke your face, moving it down to the base of your neck and up the back of your head, running my fingers through your hair.”

She is silent, just staring at me, so I take action, and our lips come together so perfectly. I’m not sure what this feeling is, but it’s more than just lust. It’s amazing.

We’re now at the restaurant “Αγάπη.” I have no idea what that means, but this is a tiny little restaurant that couldn’t seat more than about 10 people. The maître d’ comes over; he is dressed well, hair perfectly combed, and he has a very serious look on his face. He’s very tightly wound. Jessica’s eyes are traveling back and forth between his face and crotch, as though she is trying not to look at his pant area. His zipper is open, and his tucked in shirt is escaping through it. Interestingly, he isn’t wearing underwear. That’s a bit more than I needed to see.

“Is there a particular table you would like?”

Now I’m staring at his pants. I bring my eyes up long enough to utter a few words.

“Can we please get a table near the window? Oh, your fly is open.”

He zips up his pants and shows us to our table.

“That’s amazing. You can just speak your mind like that,” Jessica says while she reaches her hand across the table.

I don’t know why her hand is in the middle of the table, but it seems like she is trying to engage me. I reach across the table, put my hand over her hand, looking into her eyes, and I smile.

“I try to always be me, nothing special about that. Right?”




Goose Blood Spills

The menus came, and 45 minutes after we were ready to order, the waitress came by. I’ll never understand why it always takes longer to get food when a restaurant isn’t busy.

“Are you ready to order?”

The waitress directs her attention to Jessica.

“Can I get the Chicken Souvlaki Platter?”

“And, for yourself?” the waitress asks me.

“I’ll have the same, but if you could hold the rice and bread, that would be great.”

“Would you like extra salad or potatoes?”

“Sure. Whatever you can spare. Thanks. Oh, can we also get a bottle of red, please?

“You got it.”

The waitress left, and Jessica had an inquisitive look on her face. I need to see what that’s about.

“Do you want to ask me something?”

“You don’t eat grains?”

“I’m not militant about it, but I try not to.”

“But you eat potatoes?”

“Yeah. I eat lots of carbs – just not grains. The food I eat all has high nutrient value.”

“So, what do you eat for carbs?”

“Potatoes, beans, fruit, and anything else that isn’t grass like.”

“Matt, you’re an interesting guy. You have, sort of a way about you, don’t you?”

I smile.

“Yes. I do.”

The waitress pours our drinks, and we drink, and we drink, and we eat. A question burned in my brain, and Jessica is smart; she could help me think it through.

“Why would a dollar bill be around a dead goose’s neck?”

At that moment, Jessica clumsily spilled her wine across the table. I jolted up to stop it from spilling on me. Her hands were soaked as she tried to clean it up, but it was just too much. She couldn’t clean it. The table, chairs, and floor were covered in a deep burgundy. Her hand shakes, and she isn’t embarrassed. There is no laughter, no red face, and no looking away from anyone. 

She looks distant. She’s upset.

The waitress came by and cleaned, fast, without a trace left behind.

“So . . . Jessica. Dollar bill?”

“What?”

“Why would a dead goose be wearing a dollar bill around its neck?”

“I don’t know.”

“Yes. You do.”



Awkward Moment

Jessica stares at me, afraid, defensive. The next words out of her mouth won’t be honest, not with that look on her face.

“Matt, I don’t know anything about some white goose.”

“You do. I’m not going to question you about it. If you don’t want to talk about it, you don’t have to.”

“Why did you bring up the goose?”

“Look, Jess, I thought it was odd. I didn’t know that it meant something to you. I just wanted to know what it was about.”

“So . . . your interview was with Miller?”

“Yeah, I told you about it. I told you about Jeff.”

She looks at me. Her face is saying, no, and she is sure of it.

“You told me about Jeff, but you never said his name.”

I stare at Jessica, unsure what to do next, what to say next. I flag down the waitress.

“Check please?”

With shock in her eyes, Jessica looks at me.

“You . . .”

“Jess, I know this an awkward moment, but that’s all right. Two strong people can get past an awkward moment. I’m not trying to call you out on anything. If you want to tell me that you don’t know anything about the goose until you’re red in the face, that’s fine. We’ll go with that. It doesn’t really mean anything to me anyway, so what do I care? I like you, and I’m happy to be here with you. You tell me what you want our next adventure to be.”

“Are you asking me on a second date?”

“No. I’m asking what you want to do now. Right now.”

“I have to get back to work.”

Her face seems sincere. She’s not fidgeting at all, and she looks a bit sad. She doesn’t want to get back. She’s telling the truth about having to though.

“Reshuffle your schedule. We’ll spend the afternoon together.”

“It’s only Monday. I don’t want to start changing things now. The rest of my week will be all thrown off.”

“You’ll never really get to know someone without spending time with him.”

I see the uncertain look on her face, so I reach over and kiss her on the lips, but I’m interrupted by the waitress.

“Sorry guys. Here’s your bill.”



The Innocent Animal

Jessica walks away, right out of the restaurant, while I am paying the bill. What do I do? I sit there thinking. Do I run after her? Do I let her go? Do I call her now, later, in a few days?

"Hey, are you coming?"

"Jessica, I thought you had left."

"I was just waiting outside for you. Hurry up. I don't have all day."

"Yes ma'am."

Jessica and I start walking. It occurs to me that neither of us know where we are headed.

"So, where are we going?" Jessica asks.

"Do you have your passport on you?"

"Uh, no!"

"OK, did you want to pick it up?"

"Maybe we should stay local for today."

"How about the library?"

"You sure know how to show a girl a good time."

"I mean, cause I wanna figure out the significance of the goose. Is it symbolic of something, or does Jeff just like to punish innocent animals for eternity?"

"It's Jeff Miller. I would definitely guess the innocent animals thing."

"I'm not so sure."

"I used to be a lawyer for 'The Quest.' Jeff never said anything about the goose, but it didn't always have the dollar bill around its neck. I stopped working for them the very same day that Jeff put the money on the goose."

"Does it represent stolen money or embezzled money?"

"No. It might represent something I can't talk about, lawyer client privileged."

"To the library?"

"Nobody goes to the library anymore. Just look the goose up on your phone."

"I don't have a cell phone."

"You are different," Jessica says with an intrigued tone.

She pulled out her phone, searched for 'goose' then 'goose dollar bill' then 'goose bling,' nothing. She wants me to find out. She wants to tell the world.

"I understand that you're obligated not to say anything. I know a guy who is good at getting info. He'll be able to tell me everything I need to know about Jeff."

Jessica paused for a moment before saying anything.

"What frees me will only harm you," she uttered.



The Answer Man

Jessica came with me to Ren’s place. We call him Ren because of his small stature and high volatility. He knows it, and he thinks it’s funny. He’s sort of a brilliant hacker type. I drop a question off with him, and he gives me answers, same day.

“Ren, ma man, what’s goin’ down?” I ask.

“Matt. Hey, what’s up? What’s with the girl?”

“This is Jessica. She’s a love interest.”

“Really?”

Ren looks at Jessica for answers, but she is silent and a bit shocked.

“Look Reny, I need your skills man.”

“You flatter me. Please don’t stop.”

“Honestly, you are the best, and I need you on something? I don’t have cash, but if you can help, that would be awesome.”

“You know how I feel about money.”

Jessica looks at me confused and curious.

“He doesn’t care about dollars. It’s just his way. He just wants enough to get what he wants. He doesn’t hoard,” I say to Jessica.

“Oh,” is all she can say back.

“So how about the help?” I ask Ren.

“Does the fact that you’re hanging around with Jessica mean that you won’t be after my mom anymore?” Ren asks.

“I can’t make the promise. You know how I feel about your mom, and believe me, she damn well knows what she’s doing.”

“She’s 60. You’re like 30.”

“I know man, but she sets my whole body on fire, and she makes it whistle.”

“Wow, I didn’t know guys talked about their mothers like that,” Jessica says.

“He really had sex with my mom,” Ren returns.

“Really?” Jessica asks me.

“Every time she has pressed her warm flesh against mine, I have given into the temptation of an older woman. The look of gratitude on her face, even though she is the one doing amazing circus tricks; it’s just so fulfilling.”

“Wow,” Jessica says again.

“Honestly, I’m asking you to please stop having sex with my mom,” Ren says while focusing his attention on me.

“Ren, I promise that as long as I’m with Jessica, I won’t have sex with your mom or anyone else. Now, can you get me info on Jeff Miller. He works at ‘The Quest’.”

“I’ve got some other stuff that I need to finish up first. How fast do you need this?”

“As soon as you can.”

“I’ll get it to you in three hours. Where can I reach you? Never mind, I’ll figure it out.”

“With me? What do you mean by that?” Jessica asks me.



Sam I Am

Jessica is looking at me to define what’s happening between us. Yes, it is happening fast, but how do you define something like this. I have known her for only hours, but we are on a lifetime adventure.

“Jess, I said with, meaning that I’m with you, and I want to be with you.”

“Oh. I like that,” she says.

“Ren. We’re out,” I say.

“Cool Matt. I’ll get this to you soon.”

“Sam. Sam! Hey Sam,” Ren’s mother says as she ran up to me and gave me a great big hug.

“Hey Judy,” I respond.

“Uh. Sam? Who is Sam?” Jessica asks.

“Judy, this is Jessica. She is a love interest of mine,” I say.

“Jessica, this is Judy. She is a lover of mine, when I’m not with anyone,” I say.

Jessica looks more intrigued than anything else. Judy extends her hand with a genuine smile on her face.

“It’s lovely to meet you,” Judy says to Jessica.

“The pleasure is mine,” Jessica retorts.

Ren is the only one in the room that looks awkward. I never care if everyone knows the truth about everything, but it can cause some discomfort for those around me.

“Judy, it was lovely seeing you again. Perhaps the three of us could go out for drinks some time,” I say while kissing her on the cheek.

She held me close, while pretending to whisper in my ear, but she was really sucking on my earlobe, driving me crazy, getting me aroused.

“Good seeing you Sam.”

We walk out of Ren’s place, and Jessica has nothing but questions for me.

“Matt, it is Matt right?”

“Yes, indeed.”

“Was I just in a 1 bedroom apartment where a hacker lives together with his mom?”

“Yes. Yes you were.”

“Where does Ren sleep?” she asks.

“If he sleeps, he just falls asleep in his desk chair.”

“So the guy helping us out doesn’t have a bed, doesn’t care about money, and lets you have sex with his mom? Oh, and she thinks your name is Sam?”

“Was there a question in there?” I ask.

“OK, why does she think your name is Sam?”

“It is. To her. My name is Matt, but for some people I’m Sam. Only Ren knows that about me.”

“So, even you lie, huh?”

“No. Sam’s my middle name.”



I cannot tell a lie

“You really never lie about anything?” Jessica asks.

“I wouldn’t feel confident saying I never lie. I try not to lie ever, but sometimes I conceal the truth in order to spare someone’s feelings.”

“Give me an example.”

“Right. Let’s say that you are having a really bad hair day, and your hair truly looks ridiculous. In fact, it looks so ridiculous that I can’t even imagine why you would have gone out in public like that.”

“Uh, I hope you’re not really talking about my hair.”

“It’s just an example. Imagine Judy’s hair looked like that.”

“OK.”

“Right, now let’s say that Judy asks hey do you like my hair? I would say that you are every bit as lovely as the first day I met you. It would be true, but I just avoided telling her that her hair looks like crap.”

“I’m not so sure that would work with everyone,” Jessica says with a skeptical look on her face.

“Oh, it works,” I say.

“Where are we headed now?” Jessica asks.

“To the library,” I say while doing a goofy ‘off in the distance’ sort of superhero pose.

“You’re an interesting character.”

“You haven’t seen anything yet.”



The Librarian

So, I’m at the library with Jessica, beautiful, beautiful Jessica. We, of course, walked to the library, holding hands the whole way. I know it’s a bit childish to hold hands, but the whole time, all I could think is how I like her, genuinely like her.

“All right Jessica, this is where your willingness to stay with me really gets tested.”

“You know we’ve only known each other for a matter of hours.”

“I know, but it seems like longer, no?”

“Yeah, it really, really does.”

“Hopefully that buys me some credit. I’ll need it.”

“Matt, seriously? We’re at a library. How could you possibly show me anything that would freak me out in a library.”

I swallowed, but she didn’t notice. I knew a guy who worked in archives, James. I suppose that has to be the first stop.

“James, hey.”

“Sam. Wow. It’s been a while.”

“Yeah. This is Jessica; I’m very interested in her.”

“I can see why,” James says while he pulls Jessica’s hand away from me and kisses it.

“Is the Librarian in today?” I ask James.

“She’s mad at you. I don’t know if you want to see her,” James replies.

“What you have an overdue book?” Jessica jokingly asks.

“Is she in the meeting room?” I ask James.

“Yes, there’s no meeting though,” James replies.

“Thanks man. Give me a ring sometime,” I say.

James just laughed and kind of nodded his head. He knows I’m impossible to get in touch with. Jessica and I walked over to the meeting rooms and knocked on the door of the room closest to the outside wall. Of course, nobody answered. I opened the door and gave the ‘ladies first’ signal to Jessica. The ‘Librarian’ was sitting down and reading when we walked in.

“Jess, this is the Librarian. Librarian, this is Jessica. She is the woman that I’m with.”

“Oh, so this is her, huh? Why do you have to be so bloody unconventional anyway? Just introduce your wife as your wife.”

“Jessica isn’t my wife.”

“What? Sam, what the hell? You just don’t seem like that type. Seriously, what the hell? I haven’t seen you in a year, and you show up here, with some hoochie that you’re cheating on your wife with. Why the hell does everybody think it’s all right to drop their baggage off here anyway? You think just because I’m a hooker who works at a library you can bring your mistress in here, after I haven’t seen you in 12 months? I don’t do threesomes, so just get the hell out of here.”

“You’re married?” Jessica asks.

“No,” I say.

“He is. You are,” the Librarian returned to both Jessica and me.

“She died, almost a year ago, the kids too,” I uttered at a barely audible level.



Never Again

Jessica’s phone rings, just in time. I grab it away from her.

“Hello.”

“Hey Matt, Ren here.”

“What did you find out?”

The librarian looked at me with great interest.

“Your guy Jeff, he would otherwise be squeaky clean,” Ren says.

“If it weren’t for?”

“He was charged for murder, but he was never found guilty. Oh, and his lawyer.”

“I bet I can guess it.”

“Yeah, it’s Jessica, Ren says.”

“So – who was the victim?”

“Jeff’s business partner and lover.”

“Wow. Thanks Ren – bye.”

“I don’t think I’ve ever heard you say wow before,” the Librarian says.

“Did you find out about your goose?” Jessica asks.

“No. I found out that you helped Jeff elude a murder charge.”

“I did my job,” Jessica says.

“We all have jobs; we all have guilt,” says the Librarian.

“I don’t feel guilt,” I say.

“You’ve never done anything bad?” Jessica asks.

“He’s done bad. He just doesn’t feel guilt,” says the Librarian.

“How is that possible without being a sociopath?” Jessica asks me.

“I know that if I feel bad, I should never do it again. Then I never do it again. I learn from my mistakes and move on.”

“Well. I’ll never do it again. That’s why I left ‘The Quest’,” says Jessica.




Our Destination

“Librarian, it was good seeing you again.”

“You’ll come back won’t you Sam? I miss you, and I miss our conversations that would just last hours and hours.”

“Give me a call when you have some free time, and I’ll come by. I have a lot to tell you about.”

The Librarian waved, no hugs or kisses as I exited. She says nothing to Jessica. The Librarian’s face tells me that she didn’t believe I was ever coming back. Knowing the kind of friend I am, she just might be right.

“Where are we going now?” Jessica asks.

“Why don’t we go grab some dinner,” I say.

It was obvious to me that Jessica wasn’t really asking what our next destination was. She wanted to see if I still want her around. She feels guilty for her past, and she wants me to hate what she did, but she wants me to forgive her.

“I’m feeling awkwardness.”

“You feel awkward around me?” Jessica asks.

“No, you are feeling awkward because of what I know, and it’s making me feel a bit uncomfortable. There is nothing I’m going to say to try to gloss things over. It doesn’t matter to me because I want you.”

Jessica’s face brightened up. She took my words as a sign of forgiveness, but I wasn’t forgiving her because I didn’t judge her guilty in the first place. Jessica looked at me, very seriously. She looked away from my eyes but still at my face.

“I feel all of these things for you, and it’s just so early on. Matt?”

“Sorry, I was just thinking about the goose. I think I know what it means.”

“Did you even here a word of what I said?”

“Yeah. I heard you.”

She stares blankly at me. She wants to know that she’s not alone in her feelings. She wants to know how I feel about her, but she doesn’t ask. Why do people always have expectations of other people? Just tell me what you want to know. She continues to stare blankly at me.

“So, dinner?” I ask.



How Embarrassing

Once again, Jessica stares blankly at me, so I take her hand and start walking. The very late afternoon quickly turned to evening as we happen upon a diner, which, in a neighborhood of Starbucks and Italian eateries, sticks out like a straight farm boy at a gay club.

“They have all day breakfast.”

Jessica says this with great excitement. It is so loud that everyone at the tables around us look over.

“Sorry,” she says to me.

“Why?”

“I didn’t mean to embarrass you.”

“I’m not embarrassed.”

I could see the look on her face. It made me feel bad that she was so worried what all of the other people around her thought.

“I had unprotected gay sex with an animal,” I yelled out at the top of my lungs.

Jessica looked very shocked.

“What the hell?” Jessica asks.

“I just didn’t want you to be embarrassed anymore.”

“Wait. K. Wait. You didn’t want me to be embarrassed, so you yelled, really loud and graphically about how you abused a male animal?”

“Yeah. I thought that would make everyone forget your outburst. Now, we can laugh, and the tension’s off. No need to be embarrassed.”

“I’m not less embarrassed than I was before,” Jessica says.

A blond waitress, ten to fifteen years younger than me comes over to our table. If you’re doing the math, that’s fifteen to twenty years younger than Jessica. The waitress looks concerned, probably because of all the loud noises coming from our table.

“Hello, I’m Jet, and I’ll be serving you today.”

She writes her name down on the brown paper that is covering the table.

“Hi Jet. My name is Sam,” I say.

“Nice to meet you Sam.”

It’s funny that Jet introduced herself, but she didn’t expect me to do the same thing.

“Jet, I would like you to meet Jessica.”

Jet gave me a huge bright smile.

“Nice to meet you Jessica.”

“I’m his love interest,” Jessica says.

“Oh. K,” uttered Jet.

“Jet can we please get a pitcher of beer and some nachos to start?” I ask.

“Sure thing cutie,” Jet says to me as she begins to walk away.

Jessica looks angry, steaming mad, fuming.

“So, are you going to get pancakes, or are you more of a bacon and eggs kinda girl?”

“What is with that bitch waitress?”

“Are you mad at her or me?”

“What?”

“Look, Jessica – I love you too.”

“I didn’t say I loved you.”

“You didn’t have to.”



Shark vs Jet

Jet came by quickly with a pitcher of beer, interrupting the conversation I was having with Jessica.

“I’ll have those nachos to you in a few minutes,” Jet says, touching my shoulder.

“Uh, thank you,” I returned, trying not to let out any laughter at the obvious flirting.

“Can I take your order?”

Jet posed the question to Jessica and me.

“Is it not obvious that Matt and I are together?” Jessica asks.

“Matt?” Jet asks.

I laughed out loud at this point, which really threw off Jessica and Jet.

“Jessica calls me Matt. You can call me Sam,” I say.

“So your name isn’t Sam?” Jet asks.

“My name is Sam.”

“Oh, why does she call you Matt?” Jet asks.

“It’s my name also.”

“I’m confused,” Jet says.

“Of course you are. You’re a waitress,” Jessica snaps back.

“Excuse me?” Jet asks.

“There’s no excuse for you. You’re hitting on the man that I’m out to dinner with. What are you thinking?”

“I was just being friendly. Who are you to think you’re so much better than me? What do you do that makes you think that waitresses have to be stupid?”

“I’m a lawyer. I went to school and got a degree. I make a difference in this world. I don’t just serve food.”

“You make a difference? By making the world a more litigious place?”

“Can I get three eggs sunny side up with hash browns and whole wheat toast, no butter?” I ask.

A moment of silence came over everyone, as Jessica and Jet both snapped out of their fight and back into reality.

“And for you ma’am?”

Jet says that as though she were talking to her grandmother. I realize that most people would feel uncomfortable in a situation like this, but it all just makes me smile. I don’t feel even a bit of tension when I see people arguing. It’s just plain hilarious when two people get into a pissing contest, especially when neither one of them really knows why the argument is happening.

“I’ll have the same thing.”

Jet bent over a bit, heaving her chest slightly. It was not subtle at all.

“I’ll be right back with the nachos,” she says in her sexiest voice.

It was corny that Jet would try something like that. She is very sexy, but it’s all a bit ridiculous for my tastes.



Trouble

The restaurant manager looked pissed off. He seemed to be giving Jet hell, probably because her and Jessica were fighting.

“Excuse me a minute Jessica.”

I got up and walked toward the manager; Jet walked quickly away, holding back tears.

“Excuse me,” I say.

“Yes sir? Did you need your waitress?”

“No. No. My waitress is Jet. I just wanted to make sure that she wasn’t getting into trouble for anything we did. I know that we were getting a bit loud, and if we phased you or Jet at all, I’m very sorry for that.”

“Oh, she’s not in trouble – not at all.”

God damn him for lying to me. He just wants me to go away and be happy.

“OK – well, she’s an amazing person, and I would hate for her to get into trouble for something we did.”

I quickly walked away while he was in mid-sentence. I wasn’t trying to be rude, but I didn’t want to give him a chance to lie to me again. I headed to the washroom, down a long hallway, across from the cashes, and there was Jet walking toward me with the look of recently regained composure on her face.

“Are you OK?” I ask.

“I made a terrible mistake,” Jet replies.

“Look, if you’re worried about Jessica don’t be. Things have just been . . .”

Jet cut me off before I had a chance to console her.

“Oh, yeah, don’t worry about your date; it’s not that.”

“Oh, you’re in trouble with the manager over something else?”

“No that dick is mad because I yelled at your date, but I don’t care about that.”

Jet’s eyes started to well up.

“Why are you so upset?” I ask.

“I did something really bad, and now it’s too late to fix it.”

“It’s never too late. Life’s one big second chance. Trust me on that. I got naked at a job interview today.”

“Not for real?”

“Yeah; it was real. It was for an office job too, and you know what?”

“You got the job?” She asks.

“Not yet, but I have a second interview.”

“That’s weird.”

“Look, Jet, if you want a second chance, make it happen.”

Jet wrapped her arms around me, tightly and squeezed. She pressed her head against my chest as though she were ready for a nap, closing her eyes and taking a deep breath. Jet opened her eyes again and stared intently into mine, as someone always does when they are waiting for a kiss. Jet is so sexy, so hot; I’m drawn in towards her, her thick lips. Something is holding me back too, stopping me. I want to but I can’t. Jet grabs my hand and starts pulling me toward the washroom. What do I do?



Look Behind You

I hear yelling behind me, and I see a sense of sudden panic come over Jet. I bet she gets into trouble a lot. Her eyes go from sexy to scared, terrified. Jet is still holding my hand, but she’s looking past me, staring forever past me.

“Jet? Jet.”

I let go of Jet’s hand so that I can turn around and see what she’s looking at, but she must have been pulling me still. When I let her hand go, she fell backwards into the washroom door. She looks stunned.

“Jet? Jet.”

I put my hand out to help her up, and she grabbed it, tight, too tight.

“Are you OK?” I ask.

A blank stare is all that’s returned.

“Jet, is your head OK?”

Jet gasps and her eyes widen; her pupils become enormous. She seems to no longer have any control over what her mouth is doing.

“Jet, are you OK?”

“Sam,” she uttered, barely able to speak it.

“Yes, Jet. Are you all right?”

“Sam.”

I stared at her waiting for more.

“Sam,” she says once again.

“Behind you Sam.”

I turn around to see what could change someone’s mood so quickly, and down the hall I see a man yelling with a gun pointed at the woman behind the register. She’s frozen; he’s getting angrier by the second.



The Director

I’m almost frozen, completely trapped in my own body. I’m mustering the strength to try to be the person I’ve always wanted to be. Now, I can face certain death. I can be the honest, genuine person I’m always trying to be. It’s true that I don’t lie to others, but all too often, I spend a lot of time lying to myself. All I have to do is go over there and be myself. I know I’m strong on the inside, but why can’t I move? Why does this all seem like a movie? Why do I always feel like I’m observing my own life? Are we all the audience in our lives? I want to be the director or even the producer. I want to make a difference, everyday, in everything around me. I can move. I can do this. I can be whoever the hell it is that I’ve convinced other people I am, for real. I start walking down the hall, but I feel something actually pulling back, Jet, so I turn around quickly, about to tell her that I have to go.

“Don’t. It’s just money. It’s not worth anything,” Jet says.

“You’re right.”

She’s right. Why would I fight this guy? Why would I help a restaurant keep its revenue? Why do I care?

“It’s not worth it,” Jet says.

“You’re right, about the money, but he just shouldn’t be allowed to come in here and wave a gun around.”

I slowly back away from Jet.

“Sam, don’t go. Please.”

I turn around, walking toward the cash. I’m so sick of being an observer in my own life. I close my eyes, still walking toward the cash. I’m calm, relaxed. I see nothing. It’s a blank slate. I’m not the audience. I am the director. I open my eyes, and I shout at the top of my lungs, louder than I’ve ever yelled anything before in my life, in complete jubilation.

“You are my cast!”

I walk right up to the robber, putting myself between him and the woman behind the cash. He pokes the barrel into my forehead. I would have expected it to feel cold, but it was a bit warm, almost comforting.

“Move or you're dead,” he says to me.

A simple order from a maniac with a gun.

“You are my cast,” I whisper to him.

He doesn’t understand the director / directed relationship. He steadies his hand as though he will shoot me. He presses the gun further into my head and quickly motions his body toward me, trying to get me to flinch.

“Bang!” he yells.

I am motionless. I am a thick cactus on a still day in the desert.

“I’m ready to die,” I say.

He says nothing. He is still, but he is getting angrier.

“I’ll kill you,” he says back to me.

“You aren’t man enough.”

“Just one of the bullets in this gun will make your whole head look like ground beef. Do you really want the back of your head all over the counter behind you?”

“You’re just a little baby. You could never do it.”



Deyja

The robber is very angry. I see his fist clench, gun still pressed hard into my head. He couldn’t be more mad, but I don’t care. I’m loving this moment. I feel empowered. I’m about 6 feet 2 inches tall, and this guy is at least a few inches taller than me. He stands up really straight, trying to intimidate me, extending his neck up. I see my opportunity and punch him, with all the strength I can gather in my skinny arms. My bony knuckles land right in the middle of his thick neck.

I hear “click” and “bang,” a bang so loud, like a firecracker going off inside your ear. My eyes force themselves shut, beyond my control. I feel a cold chill come over my body. I am ready to go now. I told everyone how I feel. I have been the director in my own life. I fell in love with Jessica, and I lusted for Jet. I am ready. Everything is dark, and everything is a blank slate.
I feel a hand on my shoulder.

“I love you. I really do. If you had of got shot, I would have been so upset. I mean. I, I would have been so angry with myself for not having told you Matt. I love you. I really do.”

I open my eyes.

“I love you too Jessica.”

I see Jet standing beside me, holding the gun.

“He dropped it, and he dropped like a bloody sack of potatoes. God damn Sam. Nice hit. As soon as he could get up, he ran the hell out of here.” Jet says to me.

“Are you OK Matt? You had your eyes closed for a while there. Are you OK?” Jessica asks me.

“Jet. That’s like a bad diner name right? That’s not your real name?”

“My name is Deyja.”

I look up to see a bullet hole in the ceiling.

“Deyja,” I repeat.



Walk Out

I just want to leave the diner now. I have an overwhelming sense that I’m going to have to lie for someone, and I won’t; I can’t.

“Jess, I wanna go now.”

“Ah, yeah, OK, sure. Are you, are you all right?” Jessica asks.

“You’re going?” Deyja asks.

“Yes,” I reply.

“If there’s anything, anything at all that I can ever do for you, let me know,” Deyja says.

“There are three things,” I say.

“Anything at all,” Deyja voiced again.

I reach into my wallet and hand her $40.

“Number one is take this to cover the beer and nachos.”

“That’s way too much, and you didn’t even get . . .”

I interrupt Deyja mid-sentence.

“That’s number one. Number two is never forget that there is always a second chance.”

“And number three?” Deyja asks.

“Tell me what a stuffed goose with a dollar bill fastened tightly around its neck means.”

It’s obvious that Deyja has no clue. Her gaze is unaffected, and she isn’t really even thinking about it.

“I don’t know. Why would a person put money on a dead animal?” she asks.

“I don’t know yet. I just don’t know.”

I start to walk out, but Deyja grabs me, and she holds me tight, as if she were trying to hurt me.

“Don’t walk out forever. Come back and see me,” Deyja says.

I just stroked her face gently, as one lover might do to another. Then I grabbed Jessica’s hand and left.



Too Young

“Matt? Are you OK?” Jessica asks.

“Jess, I’m starving.”

“Well, yeah – we didn’t eat. Are you all right though? You seemed to be kinda out of it for a while,” Jessica says.

“Let’s check out the liquor store.”

“Uh, you wanna get drunk?” Jessica asks me.

“Maybe. Do you want wine?”

“Red wine?” Jessica asks.

“Is there any other kind?”

“Yeah, I want red wine,” she says.

There’s nothing quite like walking into a liquor store. It’s sort of a super store of alcohol.

“Is it my imagination, or is a liquor store the ultimate salute to the alcoholic?”

“Why do you say that?” Jessica asks.

“Around here all the liquor stores close at 9pm.”

“Yeah, so?”

“So, you really have to plan out your drinking to have some booze, and if you’re not planning out your drinking, you’re getting drunk before 9pm. Who drinks before 9pm?”

“Ah, one flaw in your argument Matt.”

“What’s that?”

“It’s before 9pm, and we’re going into the liquor store. Does that make us alcoholics?”

“It’s 8:55.”

Since I wasn’t wearing a watch and didn’t have a phone, the time was only a guess, but it seemed about right. We grab a smaller bottle of a Chilean Cabernet and go to the cash to pay.

“Can I see some ID please?” the guy behind the cash asks.

“Sure no problem.”

“Oh my god; how young do you think he is?” Jessica asks.

“Ma’am, we ask everybody for ID.”

“Did you just call me ma’am after asking him for ID?”

“Thank you sir,” the man behind the cash says, while handing my ID back to me.

“How old are you?” Jessica asks.

“I figured about five years younger than you,” I say.

The transaction is complete, and we start heading out. Jessica looks completely stunned that I would guess her age as five years older.

“What makes you think I’m five years older than you?” she asks.

“You’re a well established lawyer, and you’ve gone through a career change, yet you’re still successful. You could pass for younger, but you definitely couldn’t be any older than what I’m guessing. You could be younger, but I doubt it.”

“Why do you doubt it?”

“Well. You’re definitely not younger than me. You just don’t act like the younger women do. You’re more sophisticated. As far as your career goes, the timelines don’t seem to add up, unless you are a bit older than me.”

“So, if you think I’m 5 years older than you, how old are you?” Jessica asks.

As we we’re leaving the liquor store, I saw someone who looked to be about 6 feet 5 inches tall, but it was dark out. His breathing sounded a bit labored. He was just waiting out there.

“How old do you think I am?” I ask.

“I thought you were in your late 30s.”

“I’m 33.”

“Oh.”

Her ‘oh’ is telling. She is saying that she doesn’t date younger men. To her this is not acceptable.

“And you are?”

“38,” she says.

“It didn’t matter this whole time. Don’t let it bug you now.”

“It’s fine.”

“OK. It’s obviously not fine, but that’s all right. Let’s just keep it out in the open. You’re not OK that I’m 5 years younger, especially since you thought that I was the same age or even older.”

“It’s starting to bother me. I don’t know why,” she admitted.

“Let’s just live today. If you like being around me, be here. If not,” I stopped.

I looked at her as though that answer was obvious.




Finally Dinner

We walked over to a local pizzeria.

“Why on earth are you carrying the wine like that?” Jessica asks.”

“I don’t want aliens drinking it before we have a chance to open it. They can’t get at it if the bottle is upside down.”

“So, you’re carrying the bottle of wine upside down so that aliens don’t drink it?”

“Yes,” I answer.

Inside the pizzeria, we walk up to a man working the cash who has more hair on his knuckles than his head.

“Mushrooms, green peppers, and bacon?” I ask Jessica.

“How do you know I’m not a vegetarian?” Jessica asks.

“We had lunch together. You had chicken.”

“Right. Hey, wait. You don’t eat grains,” Jessica replies.

“That started at lunch. I wasn’t able to commit through dinner.”

“You couldn’t commit to no grains until dinner? What chance do I have?” Jessica asks.

“I’d say your chances are pretty good, since you’ve been around through lunch, a robbery, and finally dinner.”

“You were robbed?” hairy knuckle man asks.

“It was the diner down the street,” I say.

“Is everybody OK?” hairy knuckle man asks.

“They are thanks to Matt here,” Jessica says while pointing toward me.

“Sam. I’m Sam.”

“Yeah, but you’re really Matt,” Jessica says.

“Yes, but you should introduce me as Sam.”

“And you are?”

“So, you’re Sam to everyone?” Jessica asks.

“Only to those in my personal life who don’t know me well.”

“I’m in your personal life, and I don’t know you well. Should I call you Sam?”

I kissed her on the lips.

“You should always call me Matt.”

“OK Matt, tell me about your wife and kids.”

“I’m sure the patient man behind the counter wants us to order some pizza.”

“We’d like a large pizza with green peppers, bacon, and mushrooms,” Jessica says.

“Do you have whole wheat crust?” I ask.

“Yes. Mushrooms, green peppers, and bacon on whole wheat crust,” hairy knuckles man says.

“Perfect. I say.”

“How come you are carrying the wine that way?” hairy knuckles man inquired.

“I want to keep the cork wet. I didn’t think to pick up a bottle opener, and it’s going to be difficult to open.”

“Yes. It won’t break apart if wet,” hairy knuckles man says.

Hairy knuckles man walked to the back to put the order in.

“So, tell me about your family,” Jessica says.


Average Death

The guy with the hairy knuckles came back out to interrupt what would have been a very difficult conversation.

“Corkscrew, for young lovers,” he says.

Underneath the tangled hair between his fingers, he held a very old fashioned looking cork screw, one piece metal, one piece wood. It’s the kind of thing you always see on TV when you’re watching waiters at fancy restaurants.

“Thank you so much. I guess I should open it now,” I say.

“No, not here. You take it. You take it,” he says.

“Thanks so much. That’s very generous of you.”

“No. It’s a corkscrew,” he replies.

Jessica took my hands into her hands. She held them loosely, and looked very seriously at me.

“Are you going to tell me about your wife and children?” she asks.

“There was nothing exciting or interesting about it. It was just average. We were an average sort of family, ordinary. I loved my wife. We both had full time jobs, and we were both entrepreneurial in our ventures, so we were kept busy with work, maybe too much. I never felt that I had enough time in a day to give them the attention they deserved, but I just loved everyone of them so dearly. Even their deaths were average. My wife was driving up to see her father; an SUV that was going too fast in bad winter weather had slid over to the other side of the road, demolishing our car. My wife and one of my son’s died instantly. My other son lived on for a few days in hospital care; it was a long and painful goodbye. In all of this, I couldn’t see the norm; I couldn’t see the average. To me, my family life had started out perfectly. I had a family that I truly loved, which very few people can honestly say. Their deaths crushed me, completely.”

Jessica eyes began to well up.

“How did you ever get past that? How do you move on from that?” Jessica asks.



No Point

“Mushrooms, bacon, and green peppers,” shouts hairy knuckles man.

Jessica moves quickly up to the front, says nothing, hands the guy behind the cash some money, exact change. She grabs the pizza, and we leave.

“So, you asked me how I got past it?”

“Did you get past it?” Jessica asks.

“I did, and it only took me a year.”

“That’s why you haven’t talked to your friends in the last year?” Jessica asks.

“I had a great life. I had a good business, good friends, made good money.”

“But?” Jessica asks.

“But, I loved my family, more than anything else. I didn’t like my work, but I did it to support my family. So much of what I was doing became meaningless when my wife and boys died, so much, everything. My wife and I had big life insurance policies on each other so that the kids could always have a good life if one of us died. Out of nowhere, I had no debt, and I owned everything in my life. I had been working so hard to make sure that all of them had everything they needed in life, and now, they were dead, and I had nothing to pay for. Without them, my entire life had no meaning, no purpose, no point. I was just some single guy who was making a ton of extra money that I didn’t need. I went from the guy who couldn’t afford to buy new pants to the guy who could buy whatever. Sure, I wasn’t rich. I wasn’t even a millionaire, but I had way more than I needed, and I hated every minute of it.”

We start heading down to a local beach. Even though it’s cold, really cold, it’s always nice to hang out at the beach.

“So what did you do?” Jessica asks.



Emotional Pain

“After everyone had died, everything that I began doing seemed really artificial. I was working everyday, but I didn’t know why. I would accidentally make meals for four people then I would cry so badly that I couldn’t eat. I tried leaning on one or two of my closest friends, and they were great. We got drunk; we partied. It would have been so much fun, if I wasn’t filled with an emotional pain that hurt so badly I sometimes couldn’t even move. At first, I would try to sleep in my bed, and I would naturally stay on my side, but I began to realize that what once seemed like a tiny little queen-size bed was now enormous. When my wife was in there with me and one or both of my boys would jump into bed, there was never enough room, never. That lack of space was so comforting, so real. Now, I was enveloped by space, huge amounts of space. After a couple of days, I actually woke up on my wife’s side of the bed, and I cried, for the whole day. I couldn’t go out or even talk to anyone that day; I just sobbed, uncontrollably. After that, I knew that I couldn’t sleep there anymore. The next night, I decided to sleep in one of my boy’s rooms. I couldn’t even walk in the door. Instead, I fell to my knees and cried myself to sleep in the hallway outside of his room. In my dreams, I heard my boys calling my name over and over again. I would run around the house looking for them, but all I saw were empty rooms, just empty rooms, and they would scream out ‘Daddy I need you.’ After that, I couldn’t sleep at all. There was nowhere that I felt comfortable, so I just worked harder, made more money, and continued my life without purpose.”

“Is that what you did for a year?” Jessica asks.

“No, that only lasted for a few weeks after the death of my last son. Looking back, it’s amazing that it lasted so long, but I’m just too tough to stop, so instead of melting down completely, I changed everything in my life, and I went on an adventure for about a year.”

“Where did you go? What did you do?”

Tears are rolling down Jessica’s cheeks, but she wants to hear more. She wants to know everything, and I want to tell her.



Too Fast

“I just don’t get this,” Jessica says.

“You don’t get what?”

“How is it that I’m crying with every word you say, but you’re so composed that your voice doesn’t even shake? How did you go from an emotional wreck to someone that’s just OK with all this, all within one short year?”

“Think of today as one day, normal in the context of time.”

“OK, right?” Jessica says inquisitively.

“You and I met close to 10am this morning.”

“Right, so?” Jessica asks.

“So, is this not that fastest day that you’ve experienced in a long time?”

“Yes, just because we’ve done so much,” Jessica says.

“Tell anyone of your friends and family members that you fell in love with a guy who is 5 years younger than you within a matter of hours; tell them that he fell in love with you too. Tell them that we had never met before. What would anyone of them say?”

“It’s too fast,” Jessica says, with a look of realization on her face.

“Right, and you just admitted that this was a fast day; it flew by, right?”

“I just feels like I know you so well. I feel like we’re really getting to know each other,” Jessica says.

“When people date, especially if they like each other, they try to be interesting, likable, even lovable. It can take a long time to get past all of that and see someone for who they really are.”

“That’s why I’ve never really be interested enough in anyone to get married,” Jessica says.

“Right, cause when you find out who they really are, you don’t want that. You want the person you first met.”

“Yes,” Jessica says.

“In what might be the fastest day of your adult life, where minutes have turned into seconds, you’ve experienced maybe a week or a month.”

“It feels that way,” Jessica says with a bit of shiver in her voice.

“How you feel today, that was the last year of my life. I set out on a journey, and I lived every single second of my life. That year was over before I could snap my fingers, even though I didn’t know that I was ever coming back. I lived, really lived, probably 10 years worth of experiences within that 1 year. A day, or even a year is just a unit of measurement, but it has no bearing on what we actually experience.”

“So, what did you do?” Jessica asks me again.



I Was Terrified

“It’s weird how it all happened. I didn’t have a plan or formula for any of it. I didn’t meet up with some guru or whatever before I left. I just sold everything. I sold my house, my car, my TV, my everything. I even sold most of my clothes, and I didn’t have that many to start with. I took all of that money, along with my wife’s retirement fund, my children’s school funds, and the money that was in my bank account, and I put all of it into investments. I took $1000, and the clothes on my back, no food, no tools, no real knowledge of what it would take to survive, and I walked off into the forest and just starting wandering.”

“What about work?” Jessica asks.

“I left it behind. I didn’t even tell anyone; I just left it behind.”

“What about your family and friends?” Jessica asks.

“I told Ren. He is the only one that would have understood, so I told him, nobody else.”

“People must have thought that you were dead,” Jessica says.

“They thought I was gone. Some thought I was dead, but it  just didn’t matter to me at the time. I had to go, and I did.”

“It sounds like you were afraid to tell other people,” Jessica says, confrontationally.

“I was. I was terrified. I changed a lot in the last year. Now, I don’t care what anyone thinks, but I won’t apologize for leaving. I did what I needed to do, for my sanity. I just walked, for a year; I walked. I suffered along the way. I suffered a lot, not knowing how to survive. I experienced hypothermia, dehydration, severe vomiting, and a hell of a lot more. In figuring out how to survive, I realized why I was out there. $1000 went really far too. It got me food, some tools, and clean clothes. I would take cash only day jobs when I could find them, and I never had any shortage of money.”

“Why were you out there? What did you figure out?” Jessica asks.



No Problem

“When I was out, walking through forests, farms, and cities, I didn’t ever figure out the solution to the problem that kept going through my mind.”

“So you didn’t figure it out?” Jessica asks me.

We sit down on the sandy beach, and I pass the bottle of wine to Jessica. We take turns drinking right out of the bottle.

“I kept asking myself ‘how do I get over this’ and ‘how will I ever get past this.’ After months and month of suffering over this, I found a homeless woman. She was lonely, poor, and extremely paranoid, but I was able to get a glimpse into her psyche. She blamed everyone else for every problem in her life. Every feeling she had was a result of her own interpretation of events. I started to think about that and apply it to my own life.”

“I’m not sure that makes sense. She was a crazy woman, and you are not insane,” Jessica says.

“That’s likely true, but if you had a family that died. Would you do what I did and run away from the world?”

“No,” Jessica says with great confidence.

“Right, so we all have different emotions, different responses, and different interpretations. If we would all have different interpretations of the exact same event, it makes us all wrong.”

“Not everybody is wrong about everything,” Jessica says back.

“No, but nobody is ever completely correct about anything when emotion or interpretation is involved. Having my entire family die was very painful at that time in my life, but after meeting the homeless lady, I realized that I was trying to solve a problem that wasn’t a problem.”

“Having your whole world torn apart to the point where you couldn’t even work and you became a wandering vagrant, that’s not a problem?”

“No. It’s simple math. It was all right there in front of me. I kept looking at the emotional pain as the problem. I sat down that same night after meeting the homeless lady. I crossed my legs and closed my eyes. I didn’t really hope to achieve anything from it, but I just started thinking. My family died; that was the equation; that was the problem. The end result was my unhappiness or vagrancy if you prefer. Think of it this way: 1 dead wife + 2 dead children = a very unhappy me. That was the entire equation. There was no problem to solve. Being upset about your entire family being killed is a response that makes sense; most people would have it. Once I stopped trying to solve it, I figured out that, like everyone else, I wasn’t upset that my family was actually dead; I was upset that they were no longer in my life.”

“I’m not sure I agree with that,” Jessica challenges.



People Die

“This is good pizza.”

“You’re not going to try to justify your point?” Jessica asks.

“Think about the person that you are closest to. Now imagine that person suddenly dies.”

“My Mom,” Jessica says swallowing the lump in her throat.

“Picture a weird scenario now where your Mom is happy; she wishes she could see you, and you wish you could see her, but you know that there is zero possibility of the two of you ever seeing each other or talking to each other again. For whatever reason, in this scenario, you never even hear news about her. Basically, it’s like she’s dead, except she’s not dead.”

“That would be an impossible scenario, but it wouldn’t be as difficult as if she were dead,” Jessica says.

“The only reason that it’s not as difficult is because there is still hope that you will be able to see your Mom before she dies. Death is finality; it takes away all hope.”

“I think people are still upset about death,” Jessica firmly states.

“I respectfully disagree. If I hear about an old man in a far away place who dies, I don’t care about it, especially if he has no significance to me in anyway. People die all the time. Someone is taking their last breath at this very moment, and here you and I are drinking wine, eating pizza, and not giving a damn.”

“Huh,” Jessica says.

“Something to at least think about?”

“Something to think about.” Jessica agreed.



Burden of Proof

Someone comes by flashing his flashlight all around like he is some sort of cop. He’s the kind of guy who you just want to punch.

“You’ll have to show me your ID,” he says while flashing his light in our faces.

Jessica looked a bit frightened.

“I’ll tell you what, you see how far up yourself you can shove that flashlight, and I’ll show you my ID,” I say.

“You two are drinking in public. I’ll need to see some ID.”

“What, are you going to give us a fine? Get lost,” I say.

“I’m an officer of the law sir, and if you don’t show me your ID, I’ll have to bring you in,” he says.

“I’m an officer of the law, and I dress up in women’s clothes,” I say mockingly.

Jessica grabs the bottle and swallows it down, as quickly as she can.

“Wow. That was half a bottle, impressive,” I say.

She holds the bottle by the neck and throws it as hard as she can into the water.

“Now I have you for drinking in public and littering,” he says.

“Prove it,” Jessica says.

I laughed. Jessica sure is smart. The burden of proof is on the cop. As long as Jessica and I tell the same story, than it is just our word against his.



Idiot Fascist

“I’m going to have to take you two in, and we can sort this out at the station,” the cop says.

Jessica started to eat two slices of pizza, as fast as she could.

“You’ll have to arrest us if you want to bring us anywhere,” Jessica says.

“Fine. You’re under arrest then. Come with me,” the cop says.

“I’m not going anywhere with you half wit,” I returned.

The cop was about to call for backup, but Jessica pushed his hand gently downwards before he could utter the words into his radio.

“If we’re under arrest, what’s the charge?” Jessica asks, as she grabs another two slices of pizza.

“Drinking in public and public drunkenness,” the cop says.

“You’ll be forced to prove both. How confident are you that you can do that?” Jessica asks.

“A breathalyzer test will be all the proof I need,” the cop confidently responded.

“I don’t have any confidence in the accuracy of the breathalyzer test, so we won’t be taking it,” Jessica says.

“That’s an admission of guilt,” the cop responds.

“No. It’s only an admission of guilt when operating a motor vehicle, and in that instance, it only counts as an admission of guilt until the point a blood test can be taken,” Jessica responded.

“I can still bring you in for public drunkenness. If I see rowdy behavior and suspect alcohol, I have every right to bring you in. I saw you drink wine, right in front of me,” the cop says.

“It’s your word against ours, and we will demand a blood test as soon as we get to the station. 
Our word will win over yours, since the test will show that we have no significant alcohol in our blood streams,” Jessica says.

“I just saw you down half a bottle of wine. Alcohol is going to show up in the blood test, plus you were drinking before that,” the cop says.
Jessica grabs another two slices of pizza and starts talking with her mouth full.

“I have had the equivalent of about 3 glasses of wine. The fact is that my alcohol level, especially with all of this pizza in my stomach, is going to come in too low to look like you arrested us for being drunk. Then our story of a corrupt cop on the take is really going to stick,” Jessica says.

The cop pauses with a look of frustration on his face.

“I’ll let you go this time with a warning, but you’ll have to leave the beach right away,” the cop says.

“I’m not going anywhere,” I say.

“You’d rather be arrested than leave?” the cop asks.

“I’d rather be shackled for life than let some idiot fascist try to tell me where I can and can’t go,” I say.



Mexican Standoff

The cop and I have a real Mexican standoff situation going on. Jessica has a let’s get the hell out of here look on her face. The beach time was pretty much over. All of the wine and pizza is gone and the brainless pig is going to stay here until we move, so no matter what, the situation is dead. I really want to punch this guy right in the face. It’s not cool though to be fighting for the sake of fighting. The beach moment is dead, and I’m getting cold anyway. I take Jessica’s hand into mine and walk away, without a word, a nod of recognition, or even a glance at the cop.

“A wise choice,” the cop shouts out.

That really got my back up, and it took all of my strength to keep moving, be cool, and not put that cop in his place. I can’t believe Jessica is so calm and cool. She doesn’t even look a bit phased, not at all. The cop just stands on the beach, not moving, as though he has won territory in a gang war. He stands so proudly and arrogantly. Jessica is leading us toward the parking lot where she very intently walks right over to the empty police car. She reaches into her pocket. Is she going to write down some information about the car? Maybe she will report this to one of her justice friends and something will happen. Maybe Jessica is the cool girl that carries big grudges. I hear a sharp scratching sound as I look down at Jessica’s right hand. She’s keying the cop car. She is way too cool.



Tonight To End

Walking away from the beach, there is a nature path that goes off into a lightly forested area. It’s close proximity to the street means that it is still fairly well lit, even though it is getting late at night. I am trying to lead us down the path, but I keep worrying that Jessica is going to ask me to take her home. She’s probably tired, not use to a day like this. She has four days of work ahead of her as well, but I just want to keep spending time with her.

“Matt?”

I don’t say anything. I’m afraid to answer back. She’s going to say that she wants to go home. She’s going to say enough’s enough.

“Are you getting tired, Matt?”

“No,” I quickly say.

I doubt there is any chance that saying no will stop Jessica from wanting to head home.

“Aren’t you going to ask me if I’m tired?” Jessica asks.

I was really trying to avoid this, but it almost seems that Jessica is trying to end the night but make me think it’s my idea.

“I wasn’t going to ask you.”

“Oh. OK. Well, I am a bit tired,” Jessica says.

Jessica looks very intently into my eyes, forcing the next question that I just couldn’t get out of.

“Did you want me to take you home?”

“No. I never want tonight to end,” Jessica says.

We continued down the path. What time is it?



Through the Forest

“Let’s go off the path,” Jessica says.

“You want to go into a forested area in the middle of the night without any lights?” I ask.

“Didn’t you survive wilderness for a year, day and night?” she asks.

“Yeah, but I didn’t care if I got lost. I didn’t have anywhere I needed to be, ever again.”

“So, get lost with me. We’ll find our way back in the morning,” Jessica says.

“It’s very dangerous trying to navigate through the forest at night, even with flashlights, which we don’t have.”

My hand is firmly grasping her’s, as she firmly grasps mine. We slowly walk into the forest, and it becomes darker and darker.

“Put your hand out in front of you so you don’t run into anything,” I urge.

We walk so far into the forest that there is no trace of light at all.

“Now what?” Jessica asks.

“It’s too dark to move on, and it’s too dark to find our way back. We’ll have to stay here in the forest, until the sun begins to rise.”

“OK,” Jessica says.

I feel around for her head, and I run my fingers through her straight, black hair, brushing it aside to kiss her on the cheek, which I miss, clumsily kissing her on the neck.

“Ah,” Jessica softly whispers.

I move to the other side of Jessica’s neck, kissing firmly, intently, right where the base of her neck meets her shoulder.

“You smell so good,” Jessica whispers to me, even though I’m not wearing any cologne.

I run my hand gently up the back of her head, again through her hair, kissing her neck just below her ear. I brush my lips against her lips, very softly.

“Matt,” she says gently.

I move to her cheek and kiss once more.

“Matt, kiss me,” she says.

I hold the back of her head in my hand and firmly press my big lips against her’s.



I Need You

I grasp Jessica’s waist, under her clothes.

“Cold hands,” Jessica says, in a shivering voice.

I pick Jessica up, lean her back into a nearby tree, and she wraps her legs tightly around me. We hear each other breathe; the darkness blinds us completely. I run my hand from just above her knee to the very top of her inner thigh, and I squeeze, firmly.

“Matt, don’t stop there,” Jessica softly says.

Jessica gently runs her fingers up my abdomen. Her hands shake, as she fiddles with my belt, desperately trying to get it off.

“Matt. I need you. Help me,” she says, with complete frustration in her voice.

I won’t help her though; I’m enjoying the moment, enjoying the frustration, enjoying that we are dancing on the edge of pleasure. I run my hands up Jessica’s back around her side and up her chest. I can feel and hear Jessica’s frustration grow as she roughly rips my belt open and throws it to the ground.

“Take your pants off, now,” Jessica demands.

I set Jessica down, turning her around so that she’s facing away from me. Jessica feels me firmly pressed against her back. I kiss and gently suck her neck, while my hands, under her clothes, run up her chest and down her pants. I reach around the back of her thigh, tightly grasping her leg in my hand, moving my other hand up the front of her inner thigh. I can feel my fingers touching her panties.

“I need you Matt,” Jessica begs.



Rock Climbing

I once went rock climbing with a friend, and this moment with Jessica feels so much like that. Jessica and I rip each others clothes off, ready for the ‘climb,’ hungry for it. We move up that mountain together, completely exhilarated with every moment, not able to see everything ahead, feeling our way, getting higher and higher, as we continue to climb. We get higher together, make each movement together; we can’t get higher without each other.
The rush continues. We can see the top. We can both see the top. We’re almost there.

“I’m almost there,” Jessica is barely able to say, as she gasps from near exhaustion.

“We’re almost there,” I say, barely audible.

With one hand at the top, I help Jessica get there first. I look into her face; she is happy, glowing, prettier than ever, and I climb that last little bit to get all the way to the top. We lie down at the top of the mountain, exhausted, and it seems like we’re able to see the entire world. We are so happy; we got there together.

“Thank you,” Jessica says.

“That was so good,” I say.

“It really really was,” Jessica says.

I run my hands through her hair, as I feel the air growing colder and colder around us, in the pitch black forest.



Out of the Forest

“Matt, I’m cold,” Jessica says.

“I’m freezing,” I say.

“What do we do?” Jessica asks.

“We should find our way back to the street. We just need to follow the sound of the cars.”

“So, you could have got us out of the forest all along?” Jessica asks.

“I didn’t really think of it earlier. I was distracted by how you kept kissing my neck and grabbing my inner thigh.”

“That was you doing that. You did that to me,” Jessica says, giggling a bit.

“That wouldn’t make me any less distracted.”

We slowly follow the sound of cars back to the path, back toward the beach. Jessica is no longer holding my hand like a young naive girlfriend. She holds my arm with her arm, with confidence. She stares at me a bit, a bit too much, but it was with a huge sexy smile, and it was more of a turn-on than awkward.

“The cop car is still in the parking lot,” Jessica points out.

“Weird. We must have been gone for hours, so why . . .”

Jessica interrupts me.

“Why would he still be here?” Jessica finished my question.

“You wanna have some fun?” I ask.

“What, we haven’t been having fun so far?” Jessica asks.

“He’s not in his car. He’s here for some reason. I’ve never seen an all night patrol at this beach before. Let’s go see what he’s up to.”

“Really, you haven’t had enough of that guy yet?” Jessica asks.

“Once I get stuck on a person, I want to be around them all the time,” I say.

“So, you want that cop around all the time?” Jessica asks.

“No.”



Walking Into the Water

We walk, quietly around the beach to see what the cop is up to. We see him, just staring, staring far into the water.

“Is he moving?” Jessica asks.

“I don’t know; I don’t think so,” I whisper.

“He is; he’s taking baby steps,” she says.

Jessica’s right. He’s walking, very very slowly into the water. I run ahead of Jessica toward him.

“Hey, hey,” I yell out.

The cop doesn’t even look back. He just starts walking faster into the water. All of his clothes are still on. He’s not planning on swimming.

“Stop,” I yell.

I run full speed toward him, but he keeps going faster into the water. I feel like everything is going in really slow motion. I’m in that brief moment where the body just reacts without the brain having to do anything. My body is fully juiced with adrenaline; my blood pressure has shot way up, all so that I can quickly react to whatever crisis is around me. He is immersed above his waist, but he just keeps walking. I grab him from behind to pull him back to shore. He punches toward me, but my hand catches his fist. He is relaxed; he doesn’t care about anything anymore. He is ready to die.

“Officer, please come to shore, and we’ll talk this out.”

He swings at me again, but once again I catch his fist.

“Let me go. That’s assault. You’re assaulting a police officer.”

“Fine, arrest me – then.”

He laughs, not a real laugh though, a laugh that tells me that I can’t do anything to get him back to shore. He was never going to arrest us; he just wanted us gone from the beach. I have no choice but to take a shot in the dark.

“Is it money or a woman?” I ask, while desperately holding on to his arm.

“You wouldn’t understand,” he says.



Suicide Committing Coward

“Give me your gun,” I say to the cop.

“Are you crazy? I’m not giving you my gun,” he says.

“I’ll Ice you, right here,” I say.

“What are you talking about?” he asks.

“Do want to die like a suicide committing coward, or do you want to die like a hero?” I ask.

“Yeah, right,” he says.

He has stopped. He’s considering what I’m saying.

“Drowning is a horrible way to die. Do you really want to go through that agony?” I ask.

“Well . . .”

“No. Right? Be the hero. I’ll give you an instant death and blow your head off right now,” I say.

“Really?”

The cops seems almost excited by the idea. He is starting to regain a bit of a sense of pride, knowing that he can die and not be pitied, instead people will think of him as a hero who became a victim of crime.

“Give me your gun. I’ll do this for you,” I say.

The cop slowly starts to pull his gun out. I can see his hands are steady; he’s not even a little bit afraid of death.

“So, who was she?” I ask.

“I fell in love with a 17 year old hooker. Her pimp was paying me to help protect his territory. He didn’t mind that we were in love, and from the day I came along, he didn’t pimp her out, not even once,” he says.



Error in Judgment

He pulls the gun out completely.

“Right. Look, that’s maybe an error in judgment, but just help her get off the street. Take her away from the pimp.”

“It goes a lot deeper than that. I needed that money to pay off some gambling debts that my wife didn’t know about, so I kept milking that pimp.”

He grabs the barrel of the gun and hands me the handle. I stare at it.

“Everyone makes mistakes, and everyone gets a second chance. Life is full of second chances.”

“A different cop arrested a bunch of the pimp’s girls, and because I was collecting money from the pimp, he said it was my fault. I wasn’t even a little bit afraid of him. He’s no big time criminal, so I knew he didn’t have the brains or the means to ever affect me or my life in the slightest. He knew that too, so he got back at me by killing that girl, Jamie. I loved her, and she’s dead because of me. He gave me $10,000 after he killed her and said ‘now we’re even.’ I took the money, every last penny, and it paid off the last of my debt. Now I just want the pain, guilt, and disgust to go away. I hurt so badly, please . . .”

He pushes the gun handle into my hand, and he has a desperate look on his face. I grab the gun from him, put the barrel on his head and place my finger over the trigger.

“Are you ready to die?” I ask.

“Yes,” he says, as he gently and slowly closes his eyes with a sigh of complete relief.



Natus

“I am the director,” I yell.

The gun goes off, a loud bang. I can hear it ring, over and over again in my ears. The cop falls to his knees. He bursts out in tears, screaming.

“Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. I love you so much,” the words quiver off the cop’s lips.

Right before I pulled the trigger, I moved the gun up so the bullet would fire into the air. The cop is reacting to the trauma of being shot, even though he knows he’s still alive. He’s finally grieving, truly grieving for his loss. I help the cop back onto his feet, and gently place the gun back into his holster. I lead him back to the beach, away from the water. He lets out a cry, a whaling noise, so loud and so inhuman that it makes you feel his pain; it makes you truly understand what he’s going through, to the core.

“Now is your chance. You can make up for everything. You can start over. This is your second chance,” I say.

“My second chance?” he asks.

“I didn’t catch your name.”

“Natus,” he says.

“I’m Sam. Natus,” I say.

We start walking back to his car when another cop car shows up in the parking lot.



Burden of Life

“Wipe your tears Natus,” I say.

Jessica walks back toward us.

“What’s going on?” she asks.

“Nobody has to lie. I’ll take care of everything,” I say.

The three of us walk toward the cop car. Someone gets out of the car, but we can’t see him because he has the headlights on.

“Nate? Nate are you all right?” an obvious rookie cop asks.

Silence.

“Nate, is everything OK?” he asks.

“Answer him honestly,” I whisper, almost inaudibly.

“Everything is OK now Robbie,” Natus says back to the rookie.

Now face to face with the rookie cop, I can tell that he’s ready to ask more questions.

“You haven’t been answering your radio. Where have you been?” Robbie asks.

“There were overwhelming thoughts of suicide. The kind that just take over your body, stop you from being able to live any longer. Do you know what it’s like feeling that you are living with the burden of life?” I ask Robbie.

I don’t give him the opportunity to answer, but I don’t think he can anyway. He looks very confused.

“Nate sent me away from the beach hours ago, but I came back, and the thoughts of suicide were still nearby. That’s when I went into the water without looking back. There was a struggle as there always is when one person wants to die and the other wants him to live,” I say.

“There were reports of a gun shot though. Was someone’s weapon discharged?” Robbie asks.



Dishonest Truth Telling

The rookie calls in an all clear on his radio.

“I took Nate’s gun from him, and I pulled the trigger. I obviously wasn’t trying to hurt Nate at all,” I say.

“Of course not. You were trying to kill yourself, but clearly you missed,” Robbie interjected.

“Nate made me feel a lot better. Now I know that the mood of suicide is gone, and there will be a second chance,” I say.

“Aren’t you that lawyer from the murder case?” Robbie asks Jessica.

“I don’t work in murder trials,” she says.

“No, it’s definitely you. You were representing that guy from the Quest. What’s his name?”

“Jeff Miller,” she says.

“Yeah, yeah. I knew it was you. You ripped open a rock solid case. That guy was definitely a murderer. You helped him get away with it,” Robbie says.

“I was just . . .”

Jessica only gets out a few words before she’s interrupted by Robbie.

“What are you doing here anyway?” Robbie asks.

“I’m going to get going now,” I say.

“No. No. You stole a cops gun and shot it. You’re coming down to the station,” Robbie says.

“I’m not going to any station,” I say.

“Listen, Robbie, this one needs to stay off the books. Sam here wasn’t trying to hurt anyone, and I don’t think he ever would,” Natus says.

“We still need to bring him in,” Robbie says.

“Look kid, I would consider it a personal favor. Forget this by the book crap, and I’ll personally make sure you get off the night shift,” Natus says.

“You can get me off the night shift?” Robbie asks.

I grab Jessica’s hand and begin walking away. I figure I will let the two of them work out the finer details.

“That was the most dishonest truth telling I’ve ever seen,” Jessica says while smiling at me.



We Have the Time

“So, Mister Director, where is our next performance taking place?” Jessica asks.

“I’m hungry.”

“That seems to be a common scene,” Jessica says.

“Yeah, lets go for breakfast.”

“Why not; I’m sure it will be light out soon. Do you have any idea what time it is?” Jessica asks.

“No, but I would guess that it’s 4:59am.”

“That’s a very specific guess,” Jessica says.

“Check your phone if you wanna know.”

“I don’t want to know.” Jessica says.

“Sometimes not knowing is the best adventure. Where do you want to go for breakfast?”

“I know the best place,” Jessica says.

“Is it that place with the rooster on the roof?”

“No, I don’t even like it there,” Jessica says.

“I know. You have to wait in a line for overpriced disappointment on a plate, and they charge extra for real maple syrup.”

“I know the best breakfast buffet in town. Even the orange juice is all you can drink,” Jessica says.

“All you can drink orange juice and limitless amounts of bacon? I bet the eggs aren’t real.”

“They have real scrambled eggs,” Jessica assures.

“Let’s go. How do we get there?”

“We might as well walk. I’m sure we have the time,” Jessica says.


Everything’s Random

It’s that weird time of day, on this Tuesday morning, where someone old enough to be an adult but young enough to still be able to party would just be driving home to go to sleep. He would be at a red light, and he would spot someone in the car next to him who is older than his grandfather. The older gentleman is beginning his day, getting a fresh start. They are both at the light for different reasons, yet neither of them is any hurry, and they both sit there, reflecting on what brought them there at the same time of day.

“What do you think brought us together?” Jessica asks me.

“Physical attraction.”

“You think the only reason we are together is physical attraction?” Jessica asks.

“No. I think it’s what brought us together though. I think wit, interest, and adventure is keeping us going.”

“What about destiny? What about kismet?” Jessica asks.

“Do you believe in that stuff?”

“I’d like to,” Jessica says.

“I know that I like you, and I know that’s enough for me,” I say.

“Yes. I suppose that’s enough for me too.”

“I would love to think that some higher power hooked us up for a reason, but if I believe that we were predestined to meet each other, I then have to believe that the same cosmic power offed my family so that we could be going to breakfast together.”

“Can’t some things be fate and others not be fate?” Jessica asks.

“I don’t know. I think everything’s random.”



Smiled With her Eyes

That’s it,” Jessica exclaims.

“What?”

“That’s the restaurant,” she says.

“Where?”

“Right there,” she says.

I see what looks like a house in the middle of some downtown shops. The house is right next to a bakery that doesn’t use white flour or white sugar in anything and an overpriced toy store for stupid rich people’s children.

“The house?”

“Yeah, you’re going to love it,” she says.

We go inside and there are tables in just about every room, except for the living room, where the buffet is housed.

“Hello. Table for two?” the waitress asks.

“Please,” I respond.

The waitress looks to be about 60 years of age. She doesn’t look run down or tired at all, just happy. Even though it can’t be much past 7am, she greets us with genuine happiness. She is actually happy we are here.

“Would you like tea or coffee?” the waitress asks me.

“Can I please have some orange juice?” I respond.

The waitress looks at Jessica and smiles. She then starts to walk away without getting Jessica’s drink order.

“Two OJs coming up,” the waitress says.

“So how do you know her?” I ask Jessica.

“Who, the waitress?” Jessica asks

“Yes. Although, I suspect she probably owns the place,” I respond.

“You pick up on things fast. She is the owner,” Jessica says.

“Interesting. Are you going to tell me how you know her?”

“Well, I do come here a lot,” Jessica says.

“Yeah, but this isn’t the kind of place you would frequent. It’s nice, but I get the feeling that you’re more of a rushed person who lives on a schedule. If you come here a lot, it’s because you want to see the owner. It’s not the opposite. You don’t know the owner because you come here often.”

Jessica played with my hands and didn’t really say anything else about the woman serving us. She just looked at me and smiled with her eyes. She truly loves me.



True Personality

The server brings our orange juice and sets it down at the table.

“Feel free to go ahead to the buffet when you’re ready,” the server says.

“Thank you,” I say.

Jessica says nothing. There is an obvious familiarity between her and the server.

“Can I get anything else for you two?” the server asks.

“You know, I’m being so rude,” I say.

“What do you mean,” Jessica asks, somewhat nervously.

I look at the server.

“Here you are, such a close personal relative of Jessica’s, and I don’t even introduce myself. You must think I have no manners at all. My name is Matt.”

I extend my hand out to shake the server’s. I can tell that she wants to introduce herself, but for some reason she doesn’t know quite what to say. She looks tentatively at Jessica.

“I’m ah, my name is Linda.”

Jessica shoots her a look that says go away.

“I’ll leave you two alone now,” the server says.

“Oh, all right. It was lovely meeting you. Ever since Jessica spoke of you, I’ve been looking forward to meeting you,” I say.

“Really?” the server questions.

“That’s not true. I never spoke about the owner of this restaurant. Not even once,” Jessica says.

“That’s not quite right. You told me that your mom was the most important person in your life,” I say.

“How did you know?” the server asks.

“Somethings are very obvious. Jess has obviously brought men here before to meet your approval. Did any of them know that they were meeting mom?” I ask.

“No,” Jessica admits.

“I guess now we’ll never be able to secretly observe your true personality,” the server says.

“Trust me mom; the only thing you’ll ever see is Matt’s true personality,” Jessica says.



I Nod

Jessica is in complete awe by the amount of bacon on my plate.

“That’s a lot of bacon,” Jessica says.

Her eyes are popping a bit out of her head at the sight of all of that dead pig on my plate.

“I actually don’t normally like pork, but somehow bacon is like some kind of separate animal.”

“Well, if that’s the case, you have the whole animal on your plate,” Jessica says.

“There can’t be more than about 2lbs of meat on my plate. There’s no way that would ever be a full animal.”

Jessica just laughs as we continue to eat and eat and drink.

“So, should we find out what time it is? I guess you should try to get home and shower, shave, and change for your interview,” Jessica says.

“I got naked during my first interview. Do you think I really care what I look like? I’m going to get the job anyway.”

“How is it that you’re so sure of yourself?” Jessica asks.

“It’s not that I’m sure of myself; I’m just able to judge certain things, and this one is obvious to me. There are things that I want much more than this job; some of those things, some of them I am definitely unsure of.”

“Like what?” Jessica asks softly.

“You.”

“You’re unsure of our relationship?” Jessica asks.

“I’m sure that I want to be with you. I’m not sure you will be able to stay with someone like me.”

“Oh.”

“Oh?” I ask.

“I want to be with you, but you’ve been right about everything so far. If you are uncertain, there might be a reason to be uncertain. You are unlike anyone I’ve ever met before. That’s why I love you. I want this to continue.”

I nod, continuously, a very slight up and down nod, almost unnoticeable, and I lose myself in Jessica’s pretty brown eyes.



Goodbye Linda

“I’m paying for breakfast,” Jessica insists.

“All right, but I got the tip.”

Jessica is off at the cash paying for breakfast, and I put $20 down on the table for the tip. I make a point of going over to Jessica’s mom to say goodbye.

“Goodbye Linda. It was nice meeting you.”

“Thanks for coming by. You and Jessica should come by sometime, for dinner. We can talk about your future plans. Jessica’s clock is ticking you know,” Linda says.

Linda is looking at me, as if to judge my next move. She wants to scare me off if I’m not going to be the one to Marry and have children with Jessica.

“I would absolutely love to come by anytime. I’ll leave it up to you and Jess to arrange.”

“And, what about your future plans?” Linda asks.

“I plan on hanging around with Jess as long as she’ll let me. I love her, and she loves me.”

“So, you’re unsure about things?” Linda asks.

“I’m not unsure about anything in my life. Jess is though, probably because I’m younger.”

“I knew it. I could tell by looking at you. How old are you, 29?” Linda asks.

“No.”

“Oh God, 25?” Linda asks.

“No.”

“You’re 21?”

Jessica walks over at this very moment.

“Mom, he’s not 21,” Jessica says.

“Oh God. You’re dating a child?” Linda asks.

“Mom, he’s 33.”

“Oh, thank God. Thank you God,” Linda says.

“Time to go?” Jessica asks, in a ‘save me from this horrible nightmare,’ sort of tone.

“Time to go.” I confirm, in a ‘yes, I’m about done with this line of questioning’ voice.



Ham and Cheese Sandwich

“Did you want to take a cab?” Jessica asks.

“I’d rather walk, if you’re still up for it.”

“I’m up for it, but I don’t want you to be late for your interview,” Jessica says.

“Either way, I’m getting the job.”

“But, you don’t even know what time it is,” Jessica says.

“I figure it’s about 8am. If I’m right, that’ll give us almost 2 hours to get there.”

“I don’t know how you’re going to do it. I’m already having trouble thinking straight,” Jessica says.

As we walk, we are both a bit quite. We’re tired from a night without sleep, and I reflect on the the fact that I’m wearing the exact same outfit as yesterday, which smells like a mixture of the outdoors and sex. My neatly styled hair has seen the abuse of a 24 hour day and a woman who was running her hands through it. Instead of it falling slickly in place, it’s big, fluffy, and out of control. My dress shoes are covered in dirt, and I have a bit of pizza sauce on my pants. The worst part is that after eating 3 meals and doing things with my mouth that made Jessica mess up my hair in the first place, I haven’t yet brushed my teeth. The inside of my mouth smells like a former colleague’s office when she went away for two weeks, locked her door, and left a ham and cheese sandwich in her drawer. I’ll still get the job. They need me, and Jeff is too stupid and self absorbed to really notice what’s going on around him. I grab Jessica’s hand, and I enjoy the silence between us. This moment is wonderful. The two of us can just be together without feeling the need to talk, and we are happy together, with each other.



Fish Market

We walk, and I can’t help it. I feel that each step is bringing me closer to something, something bad, something weird, something off. Who is Jessica really? I have been hanging out with her, and all I know is that she was somehow involved in a big murder. Now, I’m going to go get a job so that I can help fuel corporate greed, nice. While the masses ignorantly purchase more products, they can keep delivering the money to the rich wealthy elites. Those elites turn around and start the process all over again. That’s where I come in, to help with marketing. This is how I help take from the poor and give to the rich.

“Boy, don’t go in there. They take souls,” a homeless man uttered to me as I walked up to the Quest’s office tower.

“You always run away from me,” Jessica says.

“You! I’ve never seen you before. I recognize every soul, and yours I have not seen before,” the man says.

“My soul is safe sir, but thank you for your concern. I hope you are able to find what you are looking for,” I say.

The man grabs onto my hands with his.

“Am I embarrassing you by holding your hands boy?” he asks.

“Not at all.”

“Why are you so squeamish then?” he asks.

“Your hands are filthy, and you smell like a prostitute who works in a fish market. I have a very strong sense of smell, and I’m worried that I’ll never be able to get your odor off my hands.”

“Ask me any question you like,” he says.

“What does it mean when you see a white goose with a dollar bill tightly fastened around it’s neck?”

The homeless man stares at me as though he knows the answer. Is this a brief moment of lucidity? Does he really know?



Whispers

The homeless man gets close. I can feel his wretched breath on my neck as he whispers in my ear. Something has startled him, and he runs off like some sort of track and field star.

“He knows, doesn’t he?” Jessica asks.

“Why did he run off like that?”

“He’s always running from someone.” Jessica says.

“Wow, he sure took off fast, must be the uniform,” a voice says from behind me.

Jessica’s face lets me know that she recognizes the man. She has a look of concern on her face but not panic. I feel a hand grab me on my shoulder.

“Hello Nate,” I say, before looking over to see who it is.

“How did you know it was me?” Natus asks.

“Jess told me.”

“This seems like an unlikely coincidence,” Jessica says.

“It’s no coincidence,” Natus admits.

“So, you found us. What’s up?” I ask.

Jessica has a look of confusion on her face. She is trying to figure something out.

“Wait. How did you find us?” Jessica asks.

“You work at the Quest, right? You’re the lawyer for the Quest. I figured I would track you down so that I could track down Sam here,” Natus replies.

“I don’t work at the . . .”

Jessica is in the middle of a sentence, but I interrupt.

“I don’t mean to be rude, but can you please get to the point?” I ask.
My Life

“Sam, I owe you everything. I owe you my life. There has to be something I can do for you,” Natus demands.

“I’ve always had everything I’ve needed. Always,” I say.

“Never mind need. Tell me what you want. I’ll make sure you get it,” Natus says.

“Remember that liquor store where we bought the wine?” I ask Jessica.

“Yes, on River Rd,” Jessica says.

“There was a guy standing outside the liquor store that night. Can you find out who he was?” I ask Natus.

“You’re going to have to be way more specific than that,” Natus replies.

“He’s at least 3 inches taller than me, white male, well built,” I say.

“That actually makes life a lot easier,” Natus says.

Nate gets on his phone.

“Can you get me an ID on a white male, between 6 foot 5 and 6 foot 7, likely between 220 and 270?” Natus asks.

There is a very short pause.

“Really? Really? Jim Sunderson. Great. I owe you one,” Natus says.

“You found out his name already?” Jessica asks.

“I’m not sure, but the guy you described was in the database. Someone matching the description attempted to rob a restaurant that’s in a nearby neighborhood to that liquor store,” Natus says.

“He was at the liquor store? The guy you punched out at the restaurant was at the liquor store? Was he following us?” Jessica asks me.

“I want to talk to Jim. Nate if you could arrange that, without having to arrest anyone, I would be very grateful,” I say.



Disturbing Sentiment

“That was you Sam? You saved that restaurant from being robbed? That was some night you had. How many more people did you save? I’m going to make it up to you, even if it takes a lifetime. I’m here for you Sam. Forever,” Natus says.

That’s a disturbing sentiment. I’ve been trying to get rid of this guy ever since the beach, and now he’s in my life forever. I should have put that bloody bullet through his brain when I had the chance. Uh, cops. Nate’s phone rings with a bad to the bone ring tone.

“Yeah? Who? Sam. Yeah, Sam’s here. Wait how did you get the number? What did you call me? You’re lucky you’re one of Sam’s friends, or I would track you down, put you behind bars, and throw away the key.”

Nate hands the phone to me.

“Ren, my man. What’s up?” I ask.

“How did he get my number?” Natus asks Jessica.

“I don’t know, but I’m wondering how he knew we were here,” Jessica replies.

“Jessica is clean. She wasn’t involved in any part of the murder. It’s all on Jeff Miller. I did some more digging, and I was able to get video from the hallway the night of the murder. Aside from the janitor, Jeff was the only one there that night,” Ren says to me.



Goodbye

“How do you know that the Janitor didn’t kill Jeff’s partner?” I ask Ren.

“It wasn’t him. Jessica misdirected the jury with that information, and she was able to get the video excluded because of a police processing error. Jessica was a great lawyer, but she wasn’t anywhere near that place.” Ren says.

“But how can you be sure the janitor didn’t do it?” I ask.

“Look, the cameras are only in the hallway, so there is no 100% way to say for sure, but Jeff came out into the hallway with a knife around the estimated time of death, and the janitor, was cleaning on a completely different floor. He’s the one who called it in, hours after the estimated time of death,” Ren says.

“Thanks man,” I say, hanging up the phone.

Jessica looks at me; she looks very deeply at me, scared, nervous, ashamed.

“Jess. What happened to the Janitor? Is he in prison?” I ask.

“The janitor, no. The cops knew it wasn’t him. He lost his job though, not long after I left,” Jessica says.

“Where can I find him?” I ask.

“He’s the homeless man,” Jessica says, breaking out in tears.

Jessica’s phone rings, and she tries to compose herself, but really isn’t able to.

“Yes, hello,” she says, almost completely short of breath, gasping and crying.

“I have to go,” I say.

“I’ll tell him,” Jessica says.

“Goodbye Jessica,” I say.

“That was Ren. He said you have to go now, or you’ll be late for your interview,” Jessica says.

I laugh, sort of a half laugh, and I couldn’t quite look in Jessica’s eyes. I know she didn’t kill him, but knowing a lesser evil truth is almost worse than knowing a more evil possibility.

“See ya later,” Natus says.

“Goodbye,” I say.



Time to Wait

Kayla Martin, Executive Assistant, here she is again. I feel like I’m in a bad movie where my day has started over again.

“Hello, you’re here to see Mr. Miller?” Kayla asks.

“Yes, but I’m sure I have some time to wait,” I say, rather annoyed.

Kayla is making herself look busy. I suppose she might feel awkward just sitting there staring at me.

“Do you have a moment to chat?”

“Well, I am kinda busy,” she says.

She smiles with her mouth, but her eyes don’t move. She’s giving me the fake smile, which tells me that she’s not at all busy. She doesn’t want to talk to me.

“I’ve noticed that you’re less vanilla than everyone else around here.”

“What do you mean by that?” Kayla asks defensively.

“You just have a style about you. I mean, you still look corporate, but the you behind that pant suit isn’t drowned out.”

Kayla doesn’t blush, not even a little bit, even though I can tell she has taken that as a compliment.

“You don’t think it’s too much, my sense of style?” Kayla asks.

“Oh, no, no, no. You’re very sexy. It must be difficult for you to try to keep that in check from Monday to Friday.”

“Well, it’s much different than where I used to work,” Kayla says.

“Where’s that?”

“Oh, well. I used to . . . um . . . dance,” Kayla says the word ‘dance’ almost so I couldn’t hear.

“I’m not going to judge you for that. As long as you’re happy with what you’re doing and nobody’s getting hurt, I say go for it.”

“I was happy, but Jeff wanted me to come work for him,” Kayla says.

Kayla had a look of concern on her face. She’s worried she told me too much.

“Jeff saw you at the club, dancing, and asked you to come work for him, so are you and Jeff?”

“Together? No. Do you think Jeff likes women?” Kayla asks, quietly.

“I would assume so. He hired you right out of a club.”

“Jeff never tried anything on me, and I haven’t been here that long, but I’ve never seen him with a woman, and then the two of you yesterday,” Kayla says.

“The two of us? Oh, you mean me naked in his office?”

“Kinda,” Kayla says.

“I was naked, but Jeff and I . . .”

I’m interrupted by the sound of Kayla’s phone. It makes an odd beeping noise, instead of a ring.

“Hello . . . yes sir . . . right away,” Kayla says into the phone.

Kayla stands up, as if to escort me.

“Mr. Miller will see you now,” Kayla says.



Damn It, Leave

“Matt, good to see you again,” Jeff says with a toothy white smile and smug arrogance.

I feel annoyed and agitated, almost angry. I’m not usually like this, unless I miss a meal.

“Jeff,” I nod my head without the exchange of an untrue pleasantry.

Why am I feeling that I need to run out of here? What’s causing every last bit of me to screech and scream ‘leave, leave, leave, leave, damn it, leave’? Why is it that I can hear those words? Why am I not standing on Jeff’s desk with that stupid goose’s neck clutched between my fingers, yelling at the top of my lungs, ‘no. I won’t be a part of this’?

“Sorry to interrupt,” Kayla says, while walking into Jeff’s office.

Jeff looks at her with an angry grin, as if he can alert Kayla that he wants her out without alarming me.

“It’s no trouble at all,” Jeff says, pretending that he is an actual gentleman.

“Can I get either of you anything?” Kayla inquires.

“Do you have tea?” I ask.

“Yes,” Kayla responds.

“I would just love a cup,” I say.

Jeff lets out a bit of a girlish giggle.

“Mr. Miller, anything for you?” Jessica asks.

“Thank you, no,” Jeff says, in a ‘shoo go away’ sort of voice.

Kayla leaves without saying another word, and she closes the door so quietly behind her, you would think she is trying not to wake a sleeping baby.



Be the Job

“Matt, please have a . . .”

I sit down before Jeff can finish his sentence.

“Jeff, my understanding is that you have a need, and I’m the guy to fill it. If you’re looking for a social media expert, I’m the guy. Thee guy.”

“Well, I want to make sure that we hire the best candidate for the job, someone who fits well into our team, has dedication to the job, and can make clients happy. We pride ourselves on being the leading agency in North America, and we’re a global leader in what we do. The people who work for us aren’t just working 9 to 5; they’re living, breathing, eating, and sleeping the work we do. That is the Quest; that is what this job is really all about,” Jeff says.

“That’s not what I’m all about. I’m a complex human being, and work is not my life. I’m not going to be the guy who pulls all nighters on projects and works the weekends too. I’m good at what I do. If you need to find someone who can be the job rather than do the job, I understand that. What you’ll find is that nobody is better than I am. If being the best matters to your agency, you’ll hire me.”

“I’m not certain that you’ll be the right fit for us. This industry changes so fast, and if you don’t keep up to date, you’re nothing,” Jeff fires back at me.

“I’m more up to date than anyone else. I’m the leader in what I do. If you don’t want me, or you think I won’t be a good fit, that’s fine. Don’t hire me. You can explain to your clients, while trying to justify your rates, why you went down your list and chose the second best guy for the job. I’ll leave here today and drop my resume off with your top three competitors.”



 Leave There Now

“Matt, I’ve heard the recommendations, and I know your credentials. I gotta say too, you make one hell of an argument,” Jeff says to me.

He’s slowly pulling his hand out of his pocket, as if to build some suspense before he grabs my hand and shakes it, but the phone rings right at that moment, and of course, he answers it.

“Jeff here . . . Matt? Ah, yeah Matt’s here, but . . . ah, k.”

Jeff hands the phone to me.

“It’s for you,” he says.

“Hey, Ren, not really the best time man,” I say.

“It’s not Ren. It’s me.”

“Jessica?”

“Yes, it’s me,” Jessica says.

“How did you get the number?”

“I was Jeff’s trial lawyer. I have his number,” Jessica says.

“Right, what’s up?”

“I love you. Please leave there now. Don’t take the job. It’s a mistake. Take your clothes off or do whatever you have to. I don’t care if you come out of there completely naked, I’ll be right here waiting for you,” Jessica says.

“All right.”

“Really?” Jessica asks.

“Really.”

“See you soon?” Jessica asks.

“Very soo . . .”

I drop the phone. I can hardly believe my eyes. After the crazy sleepless 24 hours that I have spent. I go through this extreme whirlwind and now this.



My Brother

“Jet, this is a weird coincidence,” I say.

She’s holding a gun by her side as her angry, angry eyes scan the room.

“Who the hell are you?” Jeff asks.

“Deyja,” she says.

“Deyja?” Jeff asks.

“What are you doing here Sam?” Deyja asks me.

“I have an interview with Jeff. What are you doing here Jet?”

“I think you know why I’m here,” Deyja says.

“Why are you calling each other Jet and Sam? Aren’t your names Matt and Deyja, and who the hell is on the phone?” Jeff asks.

“I’m guessing it has something to do with Jim Sunderson,” I say.

“Who is Jim Sunderson?” Deyja asks.

“He’s the guy that robbed the restaurant.”

“I see,” Deyja says.

Deyja isn’t moving. She looks very angry. How does she not know who Jim is? I assumed that her and Jim planned on robbing the restaurant together. It makes sense. She kept talking about a mistake that she made. Within the same moment she was saying it was too late to fix things, the restaurant got robbed. She must be here because of Jim, but it really, genuinely seems that she doesn’t know who Jim is.

“Why are you here,” I ask Deyja.

“I’m here for Jeff. He killed my brother,” Deyja says.



Goose Go Flying

“I’ve been meaning to ask you Jeff, why would you kill a business partner and a lover?” I ask.

“Lover? They weren’t lovers; my brother wasn’t gay,” Deyja says.

“Not gay? Are you serious? Your brother was the gayest guy in the city. Where have you been living?” Jeff asks.

“I’ve been living on the other side of the country, up until I launched the civil suit against you, on behalf of the family,” Deyja says.

“So, that was your mistake?” I ask.

“Of course. I dropped the suit. Jeff’s money isn’t going to bring my brother back. Dead is dead, and I don’t want to benefit from his death,” Deyja says.

Deyja’s eyes scan the room. She stares off at the white goose, and I start in with some meaningless conversation to try to cut a bit of the tension.

“Kayla hasn’t come back with that tea I asked for. It’s been quite a while, in fact,” I say.

Deyja starts anxiously pointing her gun at the goose.

“So, Jeff, what does a white goose with a dollar bill around it’s neck mean? I was told that it’s a symbol of . . .”

I was interrupted by the sound of Deyja’s gun going off. I see the goose go flying off his pedestal, as he quickly falls to the floor.



Shut Up

“I have a civil suit against Jeff, and you show up at my restaurant asking about a white goose. Now, I see you here, with Jeff. Jeff sent a ton of people over to convince me to call off the lawsuit, but you’re the first guy who was ever successful,” Deyja says to me.

“I just met Jeff yesterday for the first time. He called me back for a second interview today. I was at your restaurant, but that was just a coincidence.” I say.

“If it was just a coincidence, how did you know the name of the robber?” Deyja asks.

“Look Jet, last night I . . .”

Kayla is coming back in with two cups of tea. Deyja sees her and kicks the door shut on her, locking it behind her.

“Jet, that was just mean. Kayla is a very sweet . . .”

“Shut up. I’m tired of your lies, and I’m tired of hearing you talk,” Deyja says.

Deyja points her gun towards Jeff. Her finger begins to tense up on the trigger, so I quickly move in between her and Jeff.

“I won’t let you kill Jeff. This isn’t your second chance. Jet, Jet,” I say.

Deyja looks distant, as though she is looking through me.

“Deyja,” I say.

Saying her actual name grabbed her attention, and she focuses in on me.

“If I’m wrong, there’s always a second chance,” Deyja says as she shoots me, putting a bullet through my chest.

I fall to the ground, looking the goose in the eyes.



Darkness

I’m short of breath as I clench my hand to my chest. I feel my life escaping. I see the phone, still dangling off the hook. Is Jessica still on the phone? Has she heard everything that was said? My eyes gaze away from the fallen goose, towards the windows near the office door. Jessica has heard everything; she is still on the phone, gazing through the office window.

“Jessica, I . . .”

I speak but it’s not even audible. Deyja’s hand shakes, and she drops the gun. I can barely breathe. I yell, the loudest I can.

“Jessica, I, l . . .”

I start coughing and sputtering. Jessica is at the door, screaming, crying, scratching, and pounding. I can hear her through the phone and through the door.

“Matt, Matt, no. Let me in. Matt, Matt, Matt.”

Jessica makes a screeching noise that sounds like a cat being tortured. Every lesson that I could possibly learn in life has been learned. I know that there is always a second chance, until you die. Deyja drops down to her knees and buries her face in her hands. She misused her second chance, and she is guilty. Jeff smugly looks at me. He won’t be charged with this murder either, but if he had never killed his partner, I would still be alive, and he is guilty. Jessica is still screaming and pounding to get in, but if she had never defended Jeff, I would still be alive, and she is guilty. I’m losing my vision as the room begins to look so bright that I can’t see anything at all. I can’t breath anymore.

Darkness, Deyja, then the White Goose.
