Superhumans
By Jose Rodriguez Jr
Cover by Tatiana Villa at villatat@gmail.com

Copyright 2003 Jose Rodriguez Jr

Disclaimer
This is a work of fiction. Characters, business, events and incidents are the products of the author’s imagination. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

Table of Contents
Phoenix Gene
1.1
1.2
1.3
1.4
1.5
1.6
1.7
1.8
1.9
1.10
1.11
1.12
1.13
1.14
1.15
1.16
1.17
1.18
1.19
1.20
1.21
E.L.E
2.1
2.2
2.3
2.4
2.5
2.6
2.7
2.8
2.9
2.10
2.11
2.12
2.13
2.14
2.15
2.16
2.17
2.18
2.19
2.20
2.21
2.22
Helix Project
3.1
3.2
3.3
3.4
3.5
3.6
3.7
3.8
3.9
3.10
3.11
3.12
3.13
3.14
3.15
3.16
3.17
3.18
3.19
3.20
3.21
3.22
3.23
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
1.1

“Chip,” Michael whispered, tapping lightly on the door of his best friend’s dorm room. He waited and then began tapping a little louder. “Chip, you coming or what?”
Michael and Chip were seniors at Central City University. They were both decent students, not quite nerds, but not party animals either—just quiet guys who followed the rules and did little to distinguish themselves, until the last semester when they—or rather Michael—came up with a plan to sneak into the lab and look at what a graduate student named Cross was working on. 
Chip was majoring in genetics, which was also Cross’ major, and he needed an idea for his final paper. Cross was expected by many to be the next shining star in the field.
Michael was just about to give the door a good knock right when Chip opened it just a crack.
“I’m having second thoughts about this,” Chip whispered. “It’s really risky.”
“Come on, you need this for your final paper,” Michael prodded. “If we get caught we can’t get into that much trouble.”
Chip let Michael in and quietly closed the door. “Listen,” he said. “We’re so close to graduation, why should we take the chance and blow our future on a stupid mistake?”
“Because we’ve gone over this and the benefits outweigh the risks,” Michael said, but he could tell Chip was very worried. “Hey, if you don’t want to go, then I’ll go myself and tell you if I see anything.” 
“No, you’re not going alone.” Chip whispered. He knew he couldn’t stop Michael from going and he wasn’t about to let him go by himself.
“If we get caught I’ll take the blame, so don’t worry,” Michael assured.
Chip sighed and stepped out into the hallway with Michael. Neither of them dared to say a word because the slightest noise seemed to echo everywhere. They were on the second floor but did not want to be seen leaving the building, so they didn’t use the stairs or the elevator. At the end of the hall was a window that faced the maintenance building. No one would be there at this time of night, and a tree that brushed up against it would make for an easy descent. Michael opened the window and cringed at the squeak, which seemed louder than it actually was. Then he made his way onto the branch with Chip following behind him.
It was a little cloudy, and thunder could be faintly heard in the distance. Now that they were outside, they could at least whisper.
When they finally reached the genetics building, they had to crawl around to find the basement window they were going to sneak into. Michael slid it open and was able to slip through. Chip stuck his head in and looked around. “Michael, this isn’t the right room,” he said.
“It doesn’t matter,” Michael hissed. “Get in here.” 
With a little help, Chip climbed in. He went immediately to the door and turned the knob. “It’s locked genius, now what are you going to do?” he asked.
Michael reached into his pocket.
“Please tell me you didn’t,” said Chip, shutting his eyes in disbelief at the small collection of keys Michael pulled from his pocket.
Michael tried the first one, but it didn’t work. It took three tries before the door finally opened. “Piece of cake,” he grinned, stepping into the hallway. “We’ll be out of here in no time.”
“I’m gonna want copies of those.” Chip said, eyeing the keys.
They walked to the stairwell and headed up.  The lab that the school granted Cross was on the top floor. The building was only three stories high, but it was half a football field wide and long. Once they reached the final floor, Chip pointed to his right. “It’s two doors down on the left.” He said.
They approached the door cautiously. Michael had to try several keys before he got the door to open. Even though no one else was in the building and they could talk and move around without being heard, they both kept absolutely silent. It was difficult to see, of course, because they couldn’t turn on any lights. 
The room was clean with very little lying around. Windows lined the wall directly opposite of them. To their left was a long table attached to the wall. It had microscopes and other imaging equipment on it. The middle of the room had a big circular table with white sheets covering most of it. To the far right was another long table that was also attached to the wall. This table had a computer, and neatly filed on both sides were a lot of papers and cases holding CDs. 
“So, what exactly do you need?” Michael whispered, trying to make out what was in the room.
Chip glanced around. “Let’s start with the computer,” he said.
As Chip sat at the computer, Michael began looking through the files on the table, using the light from the monitor to see. He wasn’t sure what anything meant. Chip wasn’t having much luck with the computer, either. Everything on it was locked with a password. He tried some words and numbers he thought Cross might use, but nothing worked.
“Did you find anything, Michael?” Chip asked as he kept trying passwords.
“I’m not sure,” Michael answered.
“What does it say?” Chip asked.
“It looks like Greek to me,” Michael snapped back. “I can’t even tell if this thing is upright!”
“Let me look.” Chip said, holding out his hand.
Michael handed Chip the file and walked back toward the big circular table. That was when he noticed a very faint bluish glow coming from underneath one of the white sheets. Slowly, he pulled the sheet away to reveal seven small vials filled with some sort of glowing blue-green fluid. He turned to see if Chip was watching, but his friend was still busy looking at the file. Michael quickly put one vial into his pocket and placed the sheet back into position. He walked back to the computer and folded his arms across his chest as if he were bored.
“Anything?” Michael asked. When Chip didn’t answer he lightly tapped his shoulder. “Hey man, what’s up?”
Chip closed the file he’d been looking at, then sat for a second with a blank look on his face. “It’s impossible,” he said.
 “Why, What’s impossible?” Michael asked, excited. “What was on that file?” 
Chip stood up. “This was definitely a stupid idea,” he said. “We need to leave now!” Without further explanation, he headed for the door with a confused Michael close behind him.
 “C’mon what was it?” Michael pleaded.
Chip stopped on the stairs. “You won’t believe it,” he answered. “Cross made a special gene that can make a person almost invincible.”
“You’re right, that’s impossible.” Michael laughed.
“Don’t laugh,” Chip said. “It looked like it could work.”
“It won’t,” Michael replied. “You can’t implant special genes into a person and turn them into some superhuman.”
Michael was still laughing when they climbed through the window.
Chip stood silent for a moment before following. The weather had gotten worse. It was raining and lightning streaked across the sky. The bad weather actually made it easier to cross the campus.
Once they reached the tree, Michael paused and looked at Chip. “Hurry up,” he said. “You go first.” 
Chip brushed past Michael, grabbed hold of the tree, hoisted himself up, and slowly made his way across the branch. All he could think of was what would happen if people were exposed to Cross’ project. He opened the window and climbed through.
Michael was at the end of the branch waiting his turn. He was getting impatient. Being in a tree in the middle of an electric storm wasn’t the best idea. As soon as he saw Chip’s feet disappear into the window, he made his way across the branch. Just before he reached the window he suddenly froze. Then he heard a loud crack. Searing pain ripped through his body and then there was blackness. 
Chip watched in horror as Michael hit the branch and fell onto the window sill. Instinctively he reached out and caught Michael by the arm just as he started to roll. Using his legs to anchor himself against the wall, he was able to pull Michael to safety. He quickly opened the door to his room and dragged Michael in. His friend was breathing but still unconscious. Chip shook him but got no response. He ran around his bed to the phone, but before he could start punching numbers, he heard a soft moan. He set the phone down, leaped across the bed, and knelt beside Michael. “Hey man, you okay,” he asked. “You scared the crap out of me.” 
Michael slowly struggled to a sitting position. “What happened?” he moaned.
“You got hit by a lightning bolt!” Chip replied with a look of surprise on his face.
“How did I get in here?” Michael asked.
“I caught you just before you fell and dragged you in,” Chip said, still looking at Michael in disbelief. “Are you okay?  You’re one lucky dude. The storm outside covered up any noise we made”
Michael stood up and took a deep breath. “I feel quite good actually.” He said.
Chip jumped to his feet. “What do you mean?” he asked. “No one gets hit by lightning and feels good!”
Michael thought for a moment then reached into his pocket. The vial had split into two pieces.
“What’s that?” Chip asked.
Michael handed him the broken vial. “I … sort of took this from the lab.” He replied. 
Chip took the vial and examined it closely. “What was in this?” he asked.
“Some blue stuff,” Michael answered.
Chip could feel the hairs on his body bristle. “Are you stupid?” he asked. “Do you think Cross won’t notice this is missing?”
“Well, he’ll never know who took it,” Michael said defensively. “I swiped it for you. I knew you wouldn’t have gone along with it if I’d asked.”
“So you feel good, huh?” Chip asked.
Michael nodded mutely, upset at the cold stare with which Chip was regarding him.
Chip handed the broken vial back to Michael. “This is your responsibility,” he said. “Get rid of it. Tomorrow you and I are going to Meryl’s place.”
Michael sighed. “That’s not a good idea.” He said. “I think she’s coming home.” 
“That’s too bad,” Chip said. “I thought tonight was a stupid idea, didn’t I?  We need a place to go so we can figure out if anything’s happened to you.” He grabbed his friend by the arm to guide him out.
The next thing Michael knew, he was in the hall. Before he could turn around and say even one word, the door closed.  “Great,” he whispered, then headed for his own room at the other end of the hall. He set the vial on the nightstand and plopped down on the bed wondering just what he had gotten himself into.
1.2

The next day, Chip was at the wheel of his beat-up Chevy while Michael sat on the passenger side fiddling with the stereo.
“Nothing like playing hooky, huh?” Michael said, trying to sound upbeat. 
Chip gave a forced grin but kept most of his attention on the road. “I don’t have any classes until later this evening,” he said. Then in the same uptight tone of the previous night, asked. “Aren’t you worried about what you’ve probably done to yourself?”
“According to what you said last night, it’s probably a good thing,” Michael said, wishing his friend would just relax.
“I told you what it was supposed to do,” Chip said. “That doesn’t mean Cross got it to work. Maybe there’s a side effect we don’t know about. For all we know it might kill you.”
 “Yeah right,” Michael said. “Last night you were so worried you just kicked me out of your room. Tell me you were thinking about what that stuff might have done to me.”
“Okay,” Chip admitted. “I was mad about you taking that vial. All I could think about was how stupid it was to sneak into that lab and what to do to fix it. Meaning, how to solve your problem.”
“Hey, I’m sorry about last night,” Michael said. “But if we need someplace private to go, it shouldn’t be Meryl’s place.”
“Why not,” Chip asked. “Are you two having problems?” 
 “No, it’s nothing like that,” Michael answered. “I told you. I think she comes home today. If she does, then what?”
 “Don’t worry,” Chip said. “She won’t catch us?”
Michael gave him a weak smile. “Now you sound like me,” he said lamely as he reclined his seat and closed his eyes, listening to the radio. ‘Jerk!’ He thought as the station changed. It wasn’t his car so he wasn’t going to say anything, but he just knew Chip was doing it to annoy him. After a few seconds, the station changed again, and then again. “You know if you switch it fast enough, you can travel through time?” he said with a trace of sarcasm.
“What are you talking about?” Chip asked. 
“Nothing,” Michael answered.
The station kept switching, and Michael was determined to ignore it until it suddenly came to a stop. ‘Opera!’ he thought in disgust. “Come on, man! Since when do you listen to this stuff?” he asked.
“What stuff?” Chip wanted to know. “I listen to the same things you do.” 
“Yeah right, Opera?” Michael said. 
“What are you talking about?” Chip asked.
Michael opened his eyes and looked at the radio. “Jeez, it’s where it always is,” he said. “Why are they playing opera?”
“They’re not!” Chip said. “They’re playing the Rolling Stones. Are you okay?”
Michael started looking around trying to find out where the opera music was coming from. It wasn’t just from the speakers. It sounded like it was coming from everywhere.  “I feel fine, but I swear I can hear opera music,” he said. “You can’t hear it?”
Chip turned off the radio. “How about now?”
“I can still hear it,” Michael replied, trying to stave off his panic.
“Well I don’t hear anything,” Chip said. “You’re either going crazy or Cross’ experiment is doing something to you.”
Just then the opera music began to fade. Michael sighed in relief. “It’s going away.” He said.
“Did you make it go away?” Chip asked.
Michael buried his face in his hands. “I don’t know,” he answered. “It just went away by itself, I think.”
“Relax,” Chip said. “We’re almost there. A few simple tests will tell us if Cross’ experiment has done anything to you.”
Michael looked over at Chip. “I think we just found out if it did.”
When they reached Meryl’s apartment a short time later, Michael knocked to see if she was home. When there was no answer, he used a set of keys Meryl had given him right before she left.
As soon as they were inside, Chip started scavenging for what he thought he could use for his tests. Michael wandered into the living room looking at pictures of Meryl and him.
After several minutes of searching, Chip came back holding a knife and a deck of cards. “Ready?” he asked.
Michael quickly took notice of the knife. “What do you need that for?” he asked.
“Don’t worry,” Chip replied. “It’ll be the last test we do.”
“Come on, what is the knife for?” Michael demanded.
 “I’m gonna stab you with it.” Chip said with a grin.
“Oh, okay,” Michael said. “I’m overdue for a stabbing.”
“You think I’m kidding,” Chip said. “Well think again.” Then he added. “I’ll only do it if I’m one hundred percent positive you’ll be unaffected.” 
Michael clenched his fists. “Like hell!” he said.
“Fine,” Chip said. “A small cut then?”
“No!” Michael yelled. “What other test is there?”
Chip gestured for Michael to follow him. “Let’s sit in the kitchen,” he said.
Both men took seats at opposite ends of the table. In front of Chip were a deck of cards, a knife, pencil and paper, and a small weight bar. He picked up the pencil and paper. “Let’s test one of your senses first,” he said. “You sit right where you are and I’m going to stand at the far end of the room. Try to read what I write down.” 
Chip walked to the furthest corner from Michael and scribbled the name of their school. “What does it say?” he asked, holding the paper up to his chest. “Just keep staring at it. Focus on the paper, nothing else.”
Michael concentrated as best as he could, blocking everything else out. At that moment, if a person looked at his eyes, they would have seen a faint blue-green glow in his iris. He kept his gaze on the paper, which was too far for anyone to read even if the print side had been facing him. Then, without warning, the small piece of paper Chip was holding seemed to come hurtling at him like a train. He quickly shut his eyes and reeled backward throwing his arms out in front of him. “Whoa!” he yelled, as his chair toppled. His knees hit the table and flipped it, spilling everything on it.
Chip ran over to Michael. “Are you alright?” he asked.
Michael slowly opened his eyes and put his hands out in front of him to make sure everything was back to normal. “Yeah, I’m fine.” He responded.
“Did you see it?” Chip asked.
Michael got back up on his feet. “I saw the paper fly at my face,” he said. “Scared the crap out of me so bad I didn’t bother to read it.”
“Let’s try again.” Chip said, writing something else down.
“No,” Michael said. “Let’s pick up this mess and do a different test.”
After Chip and Michael cleaned up they were ready for Chip’s second test. Again they sat opposite each other. This time, Chip grabbed the deck of cards and began to shuffle. “Okay,” he said, handing the deck to Michael. “I want you to organize them by suit and number, and I want you to do it as fast as you can.”
“Sounds easy enough,” Michael said. He took the deck and started turning over cards. Chip kept track of the time. From his perspective, Michael started slowly, as anyone would, but when he’d put a few cards on the table, a funny look crossed his face, and his movements became unusually fast. It was only a matter of seconds before the cards were laid out in suits and only seconds more before he had organized the suits by number.
Chip couldn’t take his eyes off the cards. Before he realized it, Michael was done.
“Well?” Michael asked.
Chip took a deep breath. “Wow!” he muttered.
Michael pointed at Chip’s watch. “time?” he asked.
“Sorry,” Chip said, checking his watch. “It couldn’t have been more than fifteen to twenty seconds.”
Michael was stunned, asking “Are you sure?”
 “Yeah, I’m sure,” Chip replied. “Do you know how fast you were moving just now?”
“I know I was moving fast, but it didn’t seem unnatural to me,” Michael said. He scooped up the cards and started shuffling so he could do it again.
Chip discreetly appeared to head off past his friend, muttering to himself before suddenly driving a knife down on Michael’s hand, which came to a dead stop and slightly bent.
Michael looked in disbelief and then cried out at the sight of the knife on his hand, though he hardly felt a thing.
Chip jumped back with the knife.
 Michael dove out of his chair and instinctively moved away. Cradling his hand, he slumped back against the wall. “Why did you do that!” he yelled. “Are you crazy?”
Chip dropped the now bent knife. “Look at your hand,” he said, pointing. “Just look at it.”
Michael checked. Aside from the fact that his hand was shaking, he couldn’t see anything wrong with it.  He was sure Chip had stabbed him, but there was no wound.
Out of nowhere, they heard a door close. Meryl was home. They scrambled to put some of the stuff out of sight.
Meryl had been born on a farm not far in the countryside. High school is where she and Michael met. He had almost gotten into trouble and she’d managed to talk the teacher out of punishing him. They became great friends and within a few months began to go steady. Instead of going to college right out of high school, she joined the military. On occasion, she would go back home to visit her family and friends.
Meryl walked in wearing her orange/grey combat fatigues. “Hey, guys!” she smiled.
Chip waved his hand and said. “Hi, Meryl.” 
“Hey!” Michael said, giving her a quick salute.
“Are you guys okay?” Meryl asked. “I thought I heard a scream.”
“Yeah, we heard the same thing,” Quin said, smiling. “It must have come from one of the other apartments.”
Michael cleared his throat. “Do you need any help with your luggage?” he asked.
“Sure do,” Meryl said. “I’ve got some stuff down in the lobby and would love it if you guys would bring it up for me. I feel like I’ve been on a train for a lifetime and would love a shower.”
1.3

Cross was born into a wealthy family. Growing up was easy, though he was a bit of a nerd. About halfway through high school, he realized his future seemed boring. He had absolutely no interest in his family’s company and decided to pursue a career in genetics. His fascination with the idea of clones is how he ran into his life’s work
There was no place Cross would rather be than in his lab. As he sat down at the computer and booted, a smile crossed his face. ‘Beautiful!’  He thought, spinning in his chair to face the circular table in the middle of the room. He pulled the sheet off the vials and moved his hand along them in a caress. Then he realized one was missing. The smile faded. He moved around the table frantically pulling off all the sheets. When he found nothing he searched the tables on each side of the room. Mostly he did it to calm himself down. Cross knew all the vials had been together.  
He grabbed his cell phone and grimly dialed a number.
“Hello?” said a feminine voice.
“Lizzy, I need you in the lab right away,” Cross said. “We have a problem.” He hung the phone up and began walking around the table. He carefully examined the vials and took one. Another table had special syringes with slots for the vials.
Cross grabbed one and quickly set the vial in place. He took a slow, deep breath and injected himself with the syringe.
The next thing Cross knew, he was laying on the floor with the syringe next to him. Slowly he got back to his feet and stretched. It was then a smile crossed his face as he realized what he had become.
Lizzy burst through the door. “You took it?” she asked, giving Cross a hard look.
“I had to,” Cross replied. “We have to. They found me.”
“They,” Lizzy asked. “How do you know?”
“One of my vials is missing,” Cross responded.
Lizzy walked over to the vials and checked them. “Are you sure?”  she asked.
“No one else knows about my work,” Cross said, picking up another syringe.
“So what’s it like?” Lizzy wondered.
Cross grabbed a vial and inserted it in the syringe. “I feel fine. We’ll be able to field test it soon enough. Come over here.” He said.
Lizzy stepped in front of Cross and held out her arm. “What will it do?” She queried.
“Aside from the basics,” Cross answered. “You’ll be able to restructure your molecules into almost anything you can imagine. After a very short time, you’ll instinctively know everything you can do. Hang on now.” 
Cross slowly inserted the needle and injected Lizzy with the gene.
Almost immediately, Lizzy lost consciousness. Cross caught her and rested her on the floor. After about a minute, she woke up. She slowly got back to her feet.
“Some ride isn’t it?” Cross asked, patting her on the back.
Lizzy took a moment to study the room with her improved senses. “It’s incredible,” she gasped. “I feel incredible.”
“I have a plan,” Cross said. “First we need to go out and find a few recruits.”
“What about Ric?” Lizzy asked.
“He’ll get one too,” Cross said. “Right now he’s at the warehouse working.”  He put his jacket on and started to walk out.
“Do you have anyone in mind?” Lizzy asked.
“Grab someone living off the street,” Cross said. “Someone with nothing. Give them a demonstration if you have to. Then take them back to the lab. I’ll meet you there.”
“Understood,” Lizzy replied. 
A short while later, Lizzy left and walked into the first alley she came upon. Off to the side was a big empty box. She got down to her knees and pulled it over her. A second later, a little dog crawled out, wagging its tail wildly. It wasn’t long before a man walked into the alley. He wasn’t too old, but was a little shaggy and wore tattered clothes. ‘Perfect!’ Lizzy thought, barking and running in playful circles around him.
“Hey little buddy, I’m Mason,” he said, kneeling to pet what he thought was an ordinary dog.
As Mason patted her, Lizzy quickly morphed back into her human form. He froze for a moment then fell backward screaming. Picking himself up, he turned to run but found Lizzy standing in front of him again. She covered his mouth before he could scream again.
“Shut up,” Lizzy whispered. “I’m not going to hurt you. In fact, I have an offer for you.”
Mason shook uncontrollably. Tears welled up in his eyes.
“I’m going to remove my hand,” Lizzy said. “And you’re going to be quiet, right?”
Still trembling, Mason nodded.
“My name is Lizzy. Mason, was it?” she said, releasing her grip.
Mason nodded again.
Lizzy put her hand on his shoulder and asked. “Mason, how would you like to be able to be able to do some of the things you just saw?”
“How?” Mason asked, his eyes suddenly wide with curiosity. 
“It’s easy,” Lizzy said. “Just come with me and I’ll explain.”
Cross had taken a more scenic route. Not far from the university was a bridge where homeless people often sought shelter. It didn’t take long for him to spot a bum. He glanced around to make sure no one else was in the area. The only people within eyeshot were some fifty yards out in the middle of the river on a garbage barge. He walked over to the bum and gently pushed on him with his foot.
“Hey!” the bum yelled.
“Sorry, I thought you were asleep,” Cross said, holding his hands out apologetically.
“That’s no reason to kick a man when he’s down!” the bum said.
“I said I was sorry,” Cross replied. “I was just trying to wake you up so I could talk to you.”
“You wanna talk to me?” the bum said, seeming to calm down.
“Yes,” Cross replied, holding his hand out. “I’m Cross. What’s your name?”
The man shook Cross’ hand. “Alex, now whaddya want!” he asked.
“Alex, I’d like to offer you a job,” Cross answered.
Alex shrugged. “Sure,” he said. 
“Don’t you want to know what it is first?” Cross asked.
“Don’t matter,” Alex replied. “Long as I get paid, I don’t care.”
“Well, humor me,” Cross said amiably. “Let me give you an idea of what I can give you.”
Alex watched in dumb amazement as Cross pointed his index finger at the barge. Suddenly, a ball of light about the size of a golf ball shot out from his finger. It went straight into the garbage on the deck of the barge and exploded into flames.
Alex’s jaw dropped. 
Cross began to walk away. “We’re talking power, my man,” he said. “If you’re interested: Follow me.”
Alex stood silently watching the blaze on the deck of the barge. When he came to his senses, he chased after Cross. 
By the time Alex caught up, Cross was talking on his cell phone. “Hello, Ric, listen,” He said. “There’s been a slight change in plans. I want to see you right away at the lab. It seems that we’re going to have to take serious measures to protect ourselves.”
1.4

Chip didn’t get out of his last class until nine. He went to Michael’s room. The door opened before he could knock, but no one was there to greet him. He walked in then turned and checked the doorknob. There didn’t seem to be anything wrong with it. When he turned his head to find Michael, the door suddenly slammed shut.
“Michael?” Chip called out, stepping back.
There was no one between Chip and the door. He stepped forward, opened it, and stuck his head out. In one direction two people were chatting and in the other, there was a lounge where people were watching TV. He looked back into Michael’s room, quietly closing the door behind him. 
“Headsup!” Michael shouted.
Chip instantly covered his head and jumped back as he looked at his friend floating against the ceiling.
Michael laughed. “So what do ya think?” he asked, holding his arms out.
Chip’s heart pumped so fast he thought it would burst from his chest at any second. “Not funny,” he said. “But cool.”
“Well, we’re even for the knife now.” Michael grinned as he floated back to the floor.
“Grow up.” Chip chuckled.
“Stand by the door and make sure no one comes in,” Michael said. “I’ve got another trick to show you.”
Chip stood against the door. “You better not do anything to me!” he demanded.
Michael grinned and said. “Oh don’t worry. You’ll really like this one.” 
Chip watched intently, one hand on the doorknob, ready to run out of the room if he had to.
Michael stood with his hands at his sides and his feet several inches apart. “Ready?” he asked.
Chip nodded, gripping the doorknob tightly.
Michael cliched both hands and closed his eyes. The air around him began to blow outward.
Chip and anything around him began to feel the effect as a torrent of wind. His hand fell to his side. “No way!” he said.
The wind died down and Michael folded his arms across his chest as he said. “So?”
Chip walked in a circle around Michael. “Can you control it?” he asked.
“Sorta,” Michael answered, “Any idea of what it is? I know I can do it, but I have no idea what it does, the best way of describing it is just that I feel kinda refreshed, maybe.”
Chip shrugged. “Looks and feels like the wind as far as I can tell. Being able to fly looks amazing too.”
Michael began to levitate. “Yeah, it’s cool, right,” he said. “I’m going out later to test my limits. I’m pretty sure I got superstrength also.”
“Wait a minute,” Chip said, pulling Michael down. “You’re not planning on keeping this are you?”
“Why not?” asked Michael.
“For starters, we never should have even been in that lab,” Chip answered. “Second, Cross knows about the missing vial. I just came from one of my genetics classes, and what we did is already being talked about like it’s an urban legend.”
Michael was disappointed, but he knew Chip was right. “Fine,” he said. “So what do you want to do?”
Chip took a deep breath and said. “I need you to go back to Cross’ lab and get another vial.”
“Are you crazy?” Michael grunted. “You just said that everyone’s talking about it and now you’re saying you want me to go back?  Like they’re not going to have around-the-clock guards keeping an eye on things?”
Chip shrugged. “With your powers, it’ll be no sweat,” he said. “Of course, you got superstrength, according to what I read anyways. The only way I might be able to reverse what happened to you is if I have a raw sample of what’s in those vials. And a document or two explaining what we’re dealing with wouldn’t hurt either.”
“And if I get caught?” Michael asked.
“You got superpowers,” Chip replied. “If they’re on to you, grab what you can and run like hell, or fly.”
Michael raised an eyebrow. “I guess that’s a plan.” He said.
“It’s already getting dark,” Chip said. “Scope out the place and make your move when you’re ready. When you get the stuff, come see me.”
Michael grabbed a light jacket from the closet. “This is crazy,” he said, heading out the door.”
“Good luck.” Chip whispered.
The last rays of sunlight were starting to fade. Michael stepped around the corner of a building to watch the genetics building. When it was dark enough, he flew up to the top branch of a nearby tree and perched there. Using his enhanced vision, he could see a guard in the lobby. The only lights on were those in the hall. Looking at the windows on each floor, he couldn’t tell how many more guards were in the building, but he knew there had to be more. He kept looking, hoping he could at least get an idea of where they were.
Several seconds later, things started looking strange. Colored lines began to appear, giving everything he looked at the appearance of being traced. He tried to adjust his vision to fix it, but it didn’t help. Then it occurred to him that his eyes were compensating for the lack of light. His eyes began to glow blue-green. Although it was completely dark, he could see the building perfectly. More than perfect, in fact. Everything was now transparent. It took a moment to get used to, but now that nothing was hidden, he could look at the whole building and immediately see that each floor was patrolled by a guard.
‘This is gonna be too easy!’ Michael thought, springing into the air. In a matter of seconds, he was floating over the roof of the genetics building. He drifted down to the same basement window he and Chip had used before. This time it was locked. Not wanting to break it and possibly set off an alarm, he stepped back, looking for an open window on the top floor. He spotted one, but a guard was standing next to it getting some fresh air. Michael flew up alongside, just out of view, and hovered, waiting for the right moment to go in. Sure enough. After some stretches, the guard resumed his patrol.
Michael flew in headfirst, positioning himself close to the ceiling, making sure to stick to the shadows, then he carefully made his way down the hall to Cross’ lab. As quietly as he could, he unlocked the door with one of his keys and quickly entered. Hovering a few inches off the ground, he moved like a ghost over to the vials. When he removed the white sheet, he was surprised to find only one instead of six. ‘Who else has used this stuff?’ He thought. That would be the worst-case if everyone had his powers. He took the vial and moved to the table with the documents.
time was short, but Michael didn’t want to grab just any file. So, he grabbed a bunch of them and rolled them up before shoving them in his pockets.
The lab looked the same as it had the night before with one exception that Michael hadn’t noticed at first. There was an extra stool at the circular table right behind him.
He flipped through more files, trying to make sense of them. That was when the stool behind him began to move. As if it were alive, it twisted and turned in place without making a sound. After a second it didn’t resemble a stool anymore. For a moment, it looked like a blob; then it began to take on a humanoid shape.
1.5

Michael was suddenly flooded with anxiety. He had to get out of there. He rifled through the papers one more time, scooping up those that appeared to be helpful. As he put them in his pocket he heard a woman’s voice behind him.
“Can I help you?” Lizzy asked.
Michael’s body went ice cold. ‘How?’ He thought, his heart jumping up into his throat. He couldn’t believe that someone was able to sneak up on him. He slowly turned to face Lizzy and knew immediately that whoever this woman was, she must have been exposed to one of Cross’ vials to get the drop on him.
“So,” said Michael. “What are you doing here?”
“I should be asking you the same thing,” Lizzy replied. “But since this will go a whole lot quicker if we cooperate, my name is Lizzy, and I’ve been in here the whole time. What about you?”
“I’m Michael,” he answered. “And trust me I’m only here because I need the information to cure myself.”
“Cure,” Lizzy wondered. “You say it like what we have is a disease.”
“What do we have?” Michael asked.
Lizzy was about to respond when she and Michael heard a guard approaching. She immediately morphed back into a stool. Michael ducked behind the table.
The guard looked through the window on the lab’s door and moved on. 
“Coast is clear,” Michael announced, and immediately Lizzy morphed back into her human form.
“What does the GTC know?” Lizzy asked.
Michael grew confused. “The who?” he wondered.
“Genetics Technology Corporation,” Lizzy answered.
Michael did his best to keep his cool, but deep down he was scared. He could only imagine what Lizzy was capable of. “You’ve got to believe me I'm just another student who was up to no good and this was all an accident,” he said.
“If you’re telling the truth, put back what you took and I can take you to someone who will explain everything,” Lizzy told him.
Michael was getting more nervous by the second. Lizzy’s cool control only made it worse. The last thing he expected was to run into someone with similar abilities. He had a feeling that she was very bad news. ‘This is it!’ He thought. I’m either going to walk away or we’re going to tear this place apart!
“I can’t give it back, not yet at least,” Michael said. “Let me go now, and I promise to come back later. Besides, how do I know you’re not up to no good?”
Lizzy became visibly irritated. At the moment, there was nothing she could do. If she and Michael got into a struggle, they would probably destroy the building.
“You give me no choice,” Lizzy said icily. “When do you want to meet?”
Michael thought for a second. He wanted to give Chip time to examine the vial and the documents. “I’ll be back in two days.”
“Two days,” Lizzy asked. “Why so long?”
“I have my reasons,” said Michael walking to the window. “Now, if you don’t mind…” He slid it open and took off.
The question was where to go? As he considered this, he realized he’d stopped in mid-air. Suddenly, he felt something grab him from behind. Whatever it was; it was strong and was pulling him up and away from the university. His arms were pinned to his sides, but he couldn’t turn his head enough to see what was holding him. He knew it had to be Lizzy in some form or other.
Using all his strength to break free, Michael flew, frantic to put some distance between them. When he turned, he was shocked to see a huge dragon flying toward him with its mouth wide open. At the very last second, he darted sideways, dodging her attack
Lizzy pulled a u-turn and made another run for Michael. Again, he waited till the last second and dodged.
Lizzy wasn’t going to make the same mistake twice. This time as she flew past, she used her tail to grab Michael. Shaking her tail violently to disorient him, she gathered momentum, made a hard turn, and whipped him to the ground like a meteor. He crashed in a nearby park with so much force he may as well have been one. He felt a momentary flash of unbearable pain. Most of his upper body was buried in a crater several yards long. He managed to pull himself out. Aside from the crater, there was no damage to the surrounding area. He checked his pocket for the vial. Luckily it was still in one piece.
No one else was in the park except for Lizzy. She was back in human form, standing at the edge of the crater. “Now that you know what you’re up against, I’ll explain the terms of our agreement,” she said with a triumphant smile.
Michael hovered over the crater listening.
“You will meet me at the lab in two days,” Lizzy said firmly.
“What makes you think so now?” Michael asked.
“I think so because you don’t have a choice,” Lizzy said. “If you’re a no-show, you’ll see more of these all over the place!” she pointed to the crater. And with that, she morphed into a bird and flew off.
Not knowing what else to do, Michael flew back to the university.
Chip was at his desk staring into space when he heard a tapping sound at the window. He rushed over and opened it. “Michael, everything ok?” he asked.
“Move.” Michael hissed.
Chip stepped to the side as Michael flew in.
Michael closed the window and pulled the shade.
Chip didn’t have to be told that something had happened. “What is it?” he asked.
Michael sat down on the bed and took a deep breath, “You will never believe it.”
 
1.6

Lots of people have at one time or another dreamt of what it would be like to be a bird and fly. There are many more who would give just about anything to be able to do what Lizzy could do.
All alone with only the sound of the wind to keep her company, she had never felt more at peace. She could have flown all night long until well into the morning. The view she had from so high was one of the most beautiful sights she had ever seen.
Lizzy was so caught up in the moment she had almost forgotten where she was going.
The area was upper class. Houses were few and far between. Almost none of them were less than three or four stories high.
Cross’ home rested on a sizable lot; surrounded by a stone wall. The entire place looked slightly unkempt.
Lizzy landed on the roof of the mansion. She morphed into her human form and began to look for a way down into the house. There were ventilation shafts and pipes everywhere. It actually took a while before she was able to find the door she was looking for on the massive roof.
Lizzy entered and went down a stairwell. She could hear soothing music coming from hidden speakers. At the end of the stairwell was a door she passed through to find herself in an enclosed balcony with several bookcases on either side. She rounded the corner to a point where the balcony overlooked a small library.
At the end of the balcony, Lizzy went down another flight of stairs to the next floor. Passing a set of double doors, she walked through a passageway that had several large vases lying around. She could still hear the music from the hidden speakers. Many corridors were decorated with pictures, statues, and china cabinets along the sides.
Lizzy had seen it all before. Though the first night, she couldn’t get enough of the house, which at the time seemed like a castle to her.
She eventually found her way to another balcony, this one overlooking a huge dining room. When she peered over the edge, she spotted Mason sitting at one end of a very large, oblong table and Alex sitting opposite.
Mason and Alex were in clean clothes, laughing over dinner.
“Have either of you seen Cross?” Lizzy asked.
Mason and Alex looked up.
“Ah, Madam, darling” Mason began with an English accent. “How do you do this evening?”
At that remark, both men burst into laughter.
In the same English accent, Alex quipped with a wave of his hand, saying. “Oh behave yourself.”
Both men then began to laugh harder.
On a good day, Lizzy would have found them amusing. “Where’s Cross?” she asked tiredly.
“Check the Study,” Mason answered in his normal accent. “Hey Alex, could you pass the salt?”
Alex, who was still laughing, suddenly stopped. He grabbed the salt dispenser and stretched his arm all the way down the table, setting the salt next to Mason’s plate.
To Lizzy’s bewilderment, both men began to laugh even harder than before. She shook her head and continued across the balcony. Through a set of elegant double doors, she entered a hall. This balcony also overlooked this room.
Cross entered on the main floor as Lizzy made her way down the stairs.
“Back already?” Cross asked.
“I had a visitor,” Lizzy replied.
Cross took a long look at Lizzy as he approached her, then asked. “Really, and what was the purpose of this visit?”
“You won’t believe this,” Lizzy answered. “It was some guy who said he knew nothing about you or your work. He claims to know nothing about the GTC and is just some idiot up to no good.”
“Why don’t I like where this is going?” Cross said.
“His name is Michael,” Lizzy answered. “Somehow he was exposed and he went back to the lab to find a 'cure'.”
“A cure?” Cross wondered.
“Yeah,” Lizzy replied. “He said he had to take another vial.”
Cross looked at her angrily.
But, Lizzy didn’t seem to get nervous at all. “Did I mention he was exposed? There wasn’t much I could do without jeopardizing everything,” she said, then adding. “He took some files also.”
“So now, all I can assume is that my former employer knows what I’m up to,” Cross said. “I told you before what would happen if they ever got a hold of my work didn’t I?”
Lizzy clenched her teeth. Cross had never been upset with her before. In fact, she had never really seen him upset. And now she was sure that he was about to lash out at any moment.
“And on top of all that,” Cross continued. “You left the lab unguarded.” He walked behind Lizzy pondering what to do.
“Stop trying to scare me, Cross!” said Lizzy.
“What did you think of that guy?” Cross asked.
Lizzy answered. “He’s young and he was nervous, very nervous. He wanted to get away from me as fast as possible. I would bet there’s a good chance he was telling the truth. I almost forgot to tell you that we have a deal to meet in two days.”
“How do you know he’ll even show up?” Cross asked.
“Believe me, if he’s telling the truth he’ll show. I made sure of it.” Lizzy said confidently.
Cross stepped back in front of Lizzy and said. “You never cease to amaze me, sis.”
Lizzy wasn’t sure of how to take the comment.
“It’s thin,” Cross said. “But it’s possible he’s just an idiot who was up to no good. We can only hope for the best, right?”
“My thought’s exactly,” Lizzy said.
Cross playfully punched Lizzy on the shoulder. “Go get some rest. I’ll go watch the lab.”
Relieved, Lizzy turned and headed back up the stairs.
“Lizzy,” Cross called, getting her to face him. “There’s a reason I sent you instead of one of the others.”
Lizzy smiled. “Because I’m your little sister?”
“Thanks,” Cross said. “I appreciate what you’re doing for me and not causing a scene.”
“We’re all we have left,” Lizzy added.
Cross nodded. “I’ll take care of you,”
After a moment Lizzy said. “I’ll see you in the morning.”
Cross watched Lizzy as she left the main hall. He had no idea what the others would have done if they had been sent in her place, and he didn’t want to imagine.
 
1.7

Early the next morning Chip was in an open lab. The presence of other students made him nervous. From what Michael told him, that Lizzy girl could be anyone or anything, he couldn’t remember ever being so paranoid.
Chip had a sample from the second vial Michael had taken. He put it in a small dish, and when he was sure no one was watching, he slid the dish under a microscope. He couldn’t see much of anything. The scope wasn’t powerful enough. All there seemed to be was a bright blue-green fluid with dark currents running through it.
There was one machine in the room—an electron microscope (EM)—that could do the trick. Chip walked over and placed the dish inside. Moments later an image was displayed on a monitor. He was able to quickly make out individual genetic markers. There were also tiny crystalline structures. He had no idea what these were, but they did seem to be what made the blue-green fluid glow. He could only guess that it was some form of radiation. Using a disk to record the information, he set the EM to run some tests. Meanwhile, he studied the files his friend had taken. Unlike Michael, he was able to make sense of them. Throughout the files, the term ‘Phoenix Gene’ kept occurring. It was obviously the name Cross had given to his experiment, and Chip found it slightly amusing. “What a dork,” he whispered to himself.
Most files showed typical DNA strands with the addition of the Phoenix Gene. In total there were seven, each representing a different vial.
One file Chip came across seemed out of place. It had sketches of parts to a machine. His first impression was that it was some sort of new telescope or imaging device that Cross was working on. That impression was quickly shattered when he read the words ‘delivery system.’
Meanwhile, Meryl and Michael were in her living room unpacking boxes. “Where did you get this?” Michael asked, referring to the gun he was holding.
“It’s custom made,” Meryl said, taking it from him. “One of a kind.”
“So what kind of bullets does it fire?” asked Michael.
“Almost all of them, actually,” Meryl answered. “It’s multipurpose.”
Michael wondered. “Multipurpose?”
“It takes deadly and non-lethal rounds,” Meryl replied, putting the gun away.
“Neat,” Michael said, shuffling through another box. “So how long are you in town for this time?”
Meryl smiled and replied, “I got stationed at Dragon’s Den.”
Michael looked surprised. “That’s not far at all!”
“Yeah, I got lucky I guess. Besides, I was starting to miss home.” Meryl said, breaking down a box.
“That’s great!” said Michael. “Wow. No more long-term frustration. Let’s see…are you doing anything after tomorrow? Chip and I are going to be kind of busy today. And tomorrow I have to meet some people.”
“Nope, I’m pretty much free,” Meryl replied. “What did you have in mind?”
Before Michael could say anything, his phone rang.
“Hi, Michael?” Chip asked.
“What’s up?” asked Michael.
Chip sounded urgent. “Michael, I think I found something! You need to get down here right away!”
“I’m there,” Michael said. He hung up the phone and kissed Meryl. “I’ll call you later so we can figure out what we’ll do, okay?”
“You better!” said Meryl.
“I will,” Michael assured her. 
Once outside the apartment, Michael ran like normal, pretty much beelined it. ‘Maybe it’s faster’ he thought, never slowing down, taking shortcuts, and easily clearing any obstacle in his way.
Chip sat at his computer and waited about half an hour. 
A knock came to the door before opening. “What’ve you got?” Michael asked.
“That was fast,” Chip said. By car, it’d have taken an hour.  “We probably have more questions than answers. What would you say this is?” He handed Michael the document with the sketches.
“You’re the expert,” said Michael. “But if I had to guess, I’d say it looks like either a telescope or a cannon!”
“That was my first impression too,” said Chip. “And not that it’s important, but Cross calls that blue-green stuff the Phoenix Gene.”
Hearing that, Michael chuckled. “Anything else?” he asked.
“The other files you took detailed descriptions of the different vials,” Chip said. “For the most part, they’ll all give those basic enhancements I told you about. But like I also said, a few grant one or more highly specialized traits.”
“Mine being?” Michael asked.
Chip shrugged and said. “As far as I can tell, that wind thing and flying. The papers aren’t that specific, and I don’t know which vial you took. I’ll need more time to go over the data the EM collected.”
Michael sat down next to Chip. “Do you think you can reverse the effects?” he asked.
“Maybe” Chip replied. “Let me go over the data a bit. Then I’m going stop by Cross’ lab to see if I can get any info out of him.”
Michael looked confused. “You’re not serious about going back there are you?  Don’t we have everything we need?” he asked.
“He doesn’t know about me,” Chip said. “I’ll pretend to offer help. I don’t expect much, but it can’t hurt to try.”
Michael wanted to argue, but there was no point. He could tell Chip was set on going. “Alright, you do your thing,” he said. “I’ve got work to do.”
Chip thought Michael meant homework, but what Michael really meant was he intended to go out and use his powers to help people. 
In the university’s main building, members of the school board were having a meeting with Cross. It was about the night Michael and Chip snuck into the lab. 
“Cross, we’re sorry to inform you that we were not able to find your missing vial,” one of the board members said. “We have an idea of how they got into the building and we’ve taken measures to make sure something like this doesn’t happen again.”
“I’m sure the vial will turn up somewhere,” said Cross.
Another one of the board members spoke. “If you don’t mind us asking, what is the nature of your project again?”
“I’m developing a new type of gene therapy,” Cross answered. “Why anyone would want to steal it is beyond me.”
A man sitting close to Cross passed him an envelope. “Understand that we granted you the lab because of the highly prestigious work you have done,” he said. “If people are starting to break in and steal things it raises some questions. This isn’t the first time something like this has happened. In fact, it could have been much worse. Unfortunately, if that’s ever the case, there is the possibility we’ll have to revoke your grant because we can’t afford the money to keep replacing any possible damages.”
“I understand,” Cross said, standing up. “Thanks for everything you’ve done for me. I must excuse myself. I have to go to work now.” Before any of the board members could say anything, he was on his way out the door.
As soon as Cross was out of the building, he pulled out his cell phone. “Lizzy,” he said. “We have to move ahead of schedule.”
 
1.8

Walking down the streets, Michael, in sunglasses, kept a watchful eye for signs of trouble. This was all new to him, and he didn’t want to take on a serious problem that would receive a lot of attention. As he passed an alley, he spotted a group of kids huddled next to a dumpster. One kid with his back to the bin was surrounded by the others. From the sky, Michael could hear what they were saying. It was the usual bully-taking lunch-money story. “Easy enough,” Michael said to himself. A split second later he was behind the group.
“Four bucks?” the leader asked. “I know you got more you little punk!  Give it up or I’ll bust your nose!”
“I wouldn’t do that!” said Michael.
The bully turned around. “Who are you?”
Michael leaned close to the bully’s face. “Oink-oink!”
Most of the kids scattered in all directions, Michael grabbed the gang’s leader and lifted him off the ground. “Be quiet and listen up!” he said.
The bully managed a whimpered. Tears were streaming down his face.
“I don’t ever want to see you picking on this kid again, you got that?” Michael demanded. The poor bully was so scared he couldn’t utter a word.
“I’m gonna put you down,” Michael said. “You’re going to give that kid his money back and say you’re sorry.”
As the kid handed the money back to his victim, his hands shook so badly that some of the change fell to the ground. “Sorry!” he cried.
“Now get out of here!” said Michael.
Dragging his feet and sobbing like a baby, the bully left the alley.
Michael noticed the boy still standing by the dumpster. “You okay?”
“Me? Yeah.” the boy said.
Michael smiled and said. “I don’t think you’ll ever have to worry about that kid again. Run along now.”
The boy took off as fast as he could. Halfway down the alley he suddenly stopped and turned around. “Thank you!” he hollered.
“No problem!” Michael yelled back.
Of course, Central City had much more serious problems, though, for its size, the crime rate was considered moderate. In an electronics store that had seen better days, there were only two customers. One was a clean-cut man with flashy clothes and sunglasses.
The other customer, Ric, looked like he’d just given a car a tune-up. He was tattooed and had a naturally menacing look. Although his attention disorder kept him from doing well in school, he had always been gifted with electrical equipment and talented at building complex machines. After high school, he’d simply drifted from job to job. Two years ago he’d sold Cross a warehouse. When Cross mentioned that he planned on having something constructed there, Ric offered his services and was hired. 
Ric put a pack of batteries on the counter.
“Will that be all for today?” the cashier asked.
“Yup,” Ric replied. “You can never have enough batteries.” The cashier handed him the batteries and his change. When he turned to leave the store, he found himself staring down the barrel of a gun. 
“It’s probably very little, but I’ll settle for everything you got,” the customer said to the cashier. “You, too, pal!” he said to Ric.
“I’ll give you one chance to walk away,” Ric said calmly. “Otherwise you won’t live to regret this.” 
There was a crack of gunfire and a scream from behind the counter as the customer-turned-gunman fired point-blank at Ric’s chest.
Ric barely winced. There was no wound, as the bullets bounced off. Before the astonished gunman could react, Ric grabbed the gun and crushed it. The skin on his head and arms began to pulsate. Spikes made of bone protruded from every joint on his body. His hands now looked liked huge claws. Without any warning, Ric thrust what used to be his index and middle fingers into the gunman’s chest and withdrew them just as fast.
With a gasp, the gunman clutched his chest, collapsed to his knees, and fell forward.
Several seconds went by without a sound; then the cashier peeked over the counter to see what was happening. All he saw was the gunman lying on the ground.
Cross was in his lab when he heard a knock on the door. He opened it expecting Lizzy, only to see Chip.
“Can I help you with something?” Cross asked.
“I was going to ask you the same thing,” Chip said. “I heard about what happened and thought maybe you could use a hand.”
“What can you do for me?” Cross asked.
“I’m sorry,” Chip said, smacking his forehead. “I didn’t even introduce myself. My name’s Chip and I’m majoring in genetics. There’s been a rumor that something was stolen from your lab.”
“Those are just rumors,” Cross said. “Besides, I’m nearly finished.”
“What are you working on?”
“Gene therapy,” Cross replied bluntly.
“Gene therapy,” Chip said. “Wow, you should hear some of these rumors. I especially like the one about a gene that gives you special abilities.”
“Wouldn’t that be something?” Cross said, faking a little smile.
Chip laughed. “Yeah.”
“But as I said, I’m almost finished,” Cross said.
“In that case, I’ll get going. I’ve got to catch up on some work.” Chip said, backing away.
Cross then rudely slammed the door.
As Chip walked away, he couldn’t stop wondering if Cross was serious about being almost finished or if it was just something he’d said to make him leave. And if Cross was telling the truth, what was next?
 
1.9

‘What to do?’
The question nagged Michael like a fly zipping around his head. For almost an hour he’d been sitting on a rooftop, looking for any reason to use his special abilities. It wasn’t a problem to find trouble; those were plentiful. It was a matter of choosing his battles. All it would take is one slip up and he could be ruined for life.
He never could have imagined the number of problems that existed in just one apartment building. It was disturbing to realize how bad people treated each other. Even with all of his powers, he just couldn’t see a way of helping the people that seemed to need it the most.
Michael began to understand why all of the superheroes in comic books wore disguises. He certainly didn’t get the feeling that people would just cozy up to him and want to be his friend. If he were normal, he couldn’t help but think of how scared he’d be of a superhuman. This bugged him more than trying to find someone to rescue.
‘Forget this! What am I doing! I’ve got a girlfriend I haven’t seen since forever waiting for me and I’m up here trying to be Superman!’ Michael thought.
Michael cloaked himself and flew a beeline for Meryl’s apartment on the other side of town. It only took about a minute at top speed to reach the building. He landed on the roof, uncloaked himself, and went down the fire escape.
Please be home! Michael thought as he entered the building. He stepped into an elevator followed by two men.
Michael stood at the back of the elevator. The two men in front had their backs turned to him. Michael noticed their clothes were somewhat shabby and that they nervously kept glancing at each other. With his ability to see through things, Michael scanned the men for anything suspicious. Not to his surprise, he found that one of them was carrying a gun.
Both men quickly turned, “Gimme your…” one said with the gun in hand.
Michael was out of sight.
“Where the heck did he go?” one of the men asked.
An elderly couple waited for the next available elevator.
“These things take forever,” the woman said.
A moment later the doors slid open and the couple looked in confusion at the sight of two men lying unconscious in front of Michael.
Michael smiled and waved his hand. “Hey,” he said.
“We’ll take the stairs,” the elderly man said smiling back.
Michael stepped off the elevator and quickly walked down the hall.
Having the ability to pry into others' business without them knowing is an ability many people would love to have. For someone who was usually reserved, Michael found himself struggling to mind his own business. It was hard to ignore everything his senses were picking up around him.
As Michael neared Meryl’s apartment he came to a stop and concentrated on blocking everything out. He now knew that he could listen in on any station or police radio. He could hear the quietest whisper, sort and pick out sounds. If he really tried he could block it out. The problem was that for some reason he felt bad doing it.
Michael used his enhanced vision to see if Meryl was home.
Meryl was still rummaging through boxes and organizing things.
Michael took a deep breath and knocked on the door. Meryl answered in moments.
“Hi, I didn’t expect to see you so soon. Come in,” said Meryl. She could tell right away that something was bothering Michael. “What’s the matter?” she asked.
Michael shook his head. “I was a jerk to leave when I did,” he answered.
“I thought something important came up,” Meryl said.
“Well, yeah, it was kind of important,” Michael replied, nervously scratching his neck.
Meryl leered at Michael for a moment. “You didn’t do anything bad did you, Michael?” she asked.
Michael looked back surprised. He gently put his hands on Meryl’s shoulders and said, “It’s just…I feel bad that earlier I sounded like I had a lot more important things to do than be with you.”
 Meryl visibly blushed. “Asskisser!” she said.
Michael held out his arms. “Can you blame me,” he asked. “It’s been forever since we spent any time together.”
Meryl smiled as she crossed her arms. “It hasn’t been that long.”
“Let’s go out right now,” Michael said.
“Where?” asked Meryl.
“I don’t know,” Michael answered. “We’ll find something. Let’s just go, we can come back and finish unpacking later. I'll help you.”
Meryl nodded and replied. “Let me get my jacket,”
Both walked hand-in-hand down the hall.
“I’ve got it,” Meryl suddenly said. “Let’s go down by the pier.”
“Sounds great,” Michael remarked. “While we’re there we can grab a bit to eat and then head for a movie.”
Meryl pressed the button to call an elevator. When the doors opened, the two men Michael had knocked unconscious had just started to get back to their feet. The moment they saw him, they jumped out of the elevator scared and ran away.
“What was that all about?” Meryl asked.
Michael put one arm around her and said. “Nothing. Let’s go have some fun.”
 
1.10

Chip wasn’t able to get a hold of Michael until the next day. He watched TV while he waited to see what was going on. He couldn’t believe it when he heard an interview with a little boy about how a  man got his lunch money back. He knew the man was Michael. ‘No big deal!.’ He thought. The news then went on to tell about the electronics store hold up, and Chip prayed that Michael had nothing to do with that.
Michael walked in with some books. “Hey!” he said.
“What do you think you are doing?” Chip yelled, obviously upset.
When Chip told him what was being said on the news, Michael laughed and said. “What are you so freaked out about?  So I helped a kid and knocked a cat out of a tree.”
“Are you crazy?” Chip said, exasperated. “You can’t expose yourself like that. Please tell me that electronics store wasn’t you.”
“Electronics store,” Michael said looking puzzled. “That wasn’t me.”
A  worried look fell across Chip’s face as he said. “If it wasn’t you, you know what that means.”
“Yeah, we’ve got more problems,” Michael answered.
Chip grabbed the files and handed them to his friend. “I made copies of these so you can give them back to Cross,” he said, then he gave Michael the vial. “I took a small sample from it so I can analyze it further. I talked to Cross, but no luck. He did say that he was almost finished. I don’t know if he was just saying that, but if he’s got a plan, you need to find out what it is.”
Michael pocketed the items. “What did we get ourselves into,” he asked. “ I’m starting to get a real bad feeling about all this.”
Chip patted Michael on the shoulder. “You and me both.” He said.
Michael took his time on the way to Cross’ lab. Two plans came to mind. Either he could be a jerk and try to force information out of Cross or he could pretend to go along and cooperate, and hope he’d have more luck than Chip had.
The door opened just as he was about to knock.
“We’ve been expecting you,” said Lizzy.
Michael entered the lab and saw Cross at a microscope. Two other men were standing around doing nothing.
Cross stopped working and looked up. “You must be Michael,” he said, holding out his hand. “I’m Cross. The other two men you see here are Mason and Alex. I believe you’ve already met Lizzy. Now that the introductions are out of the way, what is your proposal?”
Michael didn’t know what to say. He figured the other two men were also infected with the Phoenix Gene, and being outnumbered put him in a bad bargaining position. He would have to gain Cross’ confidence if he was going to get anything out of him. Walking over to the circular table, he put the files down and set the vial back in place. “I need your help.” He said.
“In what way?” asked Cross.
“I’m looking for an antidote,” Michael said, walking back toward Cross. “Like I told Lizzy, this whole thing was an accident.”
“Good luck,” Cross said with a cockeyed smile. “I haven’t looked into that. I never thought anyone wouldn’t want it.” He was quiet for a second as he considered the situation. Then he asked. “What were you doing here in the first place?”
Michael took a deep breath getting ready to lie his ass off. “To make a long story short, I’m a student here and I needed an idea for my final, so I snuck into your lab ‘cause I figured you had something I could use.”
“I don’t buy it!” said Mason, but Cross put up his hand, telling him to back off.
“How were you exposed?” Cross asked.
“I’m not exactly sure,” Michael said. “I know I shouldn’t have, but I took a vial. There was a storm that night and I think I may have been struck by lighting.”
“A lightning bolt!” Cross wondered.
Michael nodded and said “Yup.”
Cross scratched his head. “That might have done it. Still, I’m a little skeptical about your story.” He said.
“Why else would I be standing here?” asked Michael.
“True,” Cross replied.
Michael did his best to act casual and asked. “So tell me. Is a cure possible?”
Again Cross thought for a moment, then said. “Come with me.  I want to show you something.”
Michael hesitated. It was only for show. He really didn’t want to lose his powers, especially since he might need them should Cross suddenly turn on him. “Sure,” he said. “Where are we going?” 
Cross cracked a smile. “To our birthplace.” He said.
Alex drove, Cross sat in the front passenger seat, and Michael sat in the back with Lizzy and Mason on either side of him. After a short drive, they pulled into what looked like a huge abandoned warehouse. It was mostly empty except for a fairly large machine that looked vaguely familiar. Michael followed Cross to get a closer look. Parts of it looked exactly like the sketches he had taken from the lab.
Ric came around from behind the machine.
“Michael, this is Ric,” Cross said. “Ric, meet Michael.”
Neither Michael nor Ric paid much attention to each other. Ric picked up several tools and went back to work.
Michael stared at the machine. “What is this?” he asked.
“This…is the Phoenix,” Cross said holding his arms out. “And it’s going to change the world.”
“How?” Michael asked.
“First, let me explain a few things,” Cross began. “ Initially, the Phoenix Gene is simply injected into the bloodstream. The body’s natural electricity is the catalyst that fuses it with your normal genes. Then, as it replicates, it starts to replace your normal genes. The body is unable to tolerate this so it dies.”
“Dies!” Michael exclaimed.
“Yes, but it only dies for about a minute,” Cross continued. “Once the Phoenix Gene replaces the normal genes, it jump-starts the body. When the person wakes up they feel better than they ever could have imagined.”
“So let me guess,” Michael said. “This thing is for infecting more people with your Phoenix Gene. Why would you want to do that?  Shouldn’t you be trying to take over the world or something?”
Cross laughed. “Most people would think that. Thing is, if everyone has it, there is no worrying about it falling into the wrong hands, right?”
That was when Michael realized that Cross couldn’t care less that he had stolen the vial and became infected. “Why did you bring me here?” he asked.
“To show you that I’m only trying to help people,” Cross answered.
“What about bad people,” Michael asked. “And those who don’t want it?”
“I wouldn’t be too concerned with them,” Cross chuckled. “It’ll be the new normal. They’ll fall in line sooner or later.”
“Okay…I guess,” Michael said. He didn’t know what to make of the situation. Cross wanted to give everyone a cool thing, but Michael could only imagine a world of anarchy where everyone could turn into strategically placed potted plants. “What now?” he asked.
“As far as I’m concerned, we don’t even have to speak again,” Cross answered.
“That’s it?” Michael asked.
“All I ask is that you lay low for now,” Cross responded. “The Phoenix isn’t ready, and we don’t want to cause a panic. Can you handle that?”
“Uh…sure,” Michael said. “Good luck.” Trying to be as casual as possible, he walked away. He had all the information he needed. Outside, he broke into a normal running speed. ‘Chips gonna freak!’ he thought.
“So do you think he’s telling the truth?” Lizzy asked.
“I do, actually,” said Cross. “But let’s not take any chances. Go back to the lab and keep an eye on it. Alex, you and Mason come with me. Ric, stay here. Let’s hope Michael doesn’t do anything stupid.”
1.11

“So do you have any ideas?” Michael asked, looking out Chip’s window.
Chip sat in his chair staring blankly at the floor. “If we do anything, who knows what they’ll do?” he said morosely.
“Well, we can’t sit here and do nothing,” Michael said.
Chip spun in his chair, adding. “I know, but we have no way of stopping them.”
“Not yet,” Michael replied. “But I have faith in you. If there is a way, I know you’ll find it. All we really need to do is stop Cross from infecting everyone with the Phoenix Gene.”
“You know he’s going to have someone watching the warehouse” Chip said. “And all your powers aren't going to help without causing a scene.”
“I’ll take the chance,” Michael said. “I think we should take care of the lab first. Destroy all the information Cross has. Then we can hit that warehouse.”
Chip stopped spinning. “What’s all this we stuff? You’re the one with all the powers.”
Michael shrugged and said. “Still, I could use your help.”
Chip wanted to help, but he knew he wouldn’t like Michael’s plan. “What are you going to do?” he asked.
“I don’t know” Michael answered. “Can’t you make a bomb or something?”
Chip’s eyes went wide. “I’ve got it,” he suddenly exclaimed. “The chemistry labs are right next door. You get inside. Bring me X4 and Philox9 acid. I’ll cook you up something really good.”
“You want fries with that,” Michael asked. “Isn’t the X4 locked up?”
Chip began spinning in the chair again as he thought. “What’s the problem,” he asked. “Superstrength, remember, just pop the lock and grab it.”
They waited till nightfall. Michael left through Chip’s window. From the air, he performed quick surveillance of the genetics building to see if there were any security changes. This time there were only two guards in the building, one patrolling the top floor and another in the lobby.
The chemistry labs were right in between the genetics building and dormitory. Michael was able to enter through one of the windows on the top floor, it wasn’t open but it wasn’t locked.
Who would expect a flying human to slip through? The only guard on duty was relaxed at his desk in the lobby. The lights were off, though, with his enhanced vision, Michael easily navigated the room. Forgetting the keys, he easily twisted the doorknob and forced the door open to step in the hall. He got scared for a split second thinking an alarm would go off. Luckily, the building had no such security. 
‘Just locked doors!’ Michael thought with relief. With his enhanced vision, he spotted the ingredients he would need in the room across the hall.
After easily passing through another locked door, Michael grabbed the Philox9 acid off the self and found the X4 behind a locked case nearby.
Returning to Chip was no issue. Michael handed him the ingredients and took a step back as he watched his friend carefully mix them at his desk.
When he finished, Chip placed a cork onto the small bottle containing the final result and handed it to his friend. “Careful with that,” he said. “Just toss it to the ground and BOOM!”
Michael handled the small flask gingerly as he climbed out of the window. He flew over to the genetics building and waited.
Meanwhile, Chip was on his computer, setting up a phone call. For his part in the plan, he had to wait for about two minutes to be sure his friend got in place. He hit the enter button and made the call. Had he used a normal line, it could have been traced. With special equipment and software, he could block any trace for a while.
In the lobby of the genetics building, a guard answered the phone. “Hello?”
“Hi, I’d like to report a robbery,” said Chip.
“You should call the campus police for that, sir.” the guard responded.
Chip continued. “Okay, but I thought you should know that four or five people are sneaking in and out of the genetics building through one of the basement windows. It looks like they’re stealing stuff.”
The guard slammed down the phone and radioed his partner on the top floor. “We’ve got action in the basement,” he said. “Meet me on the first floor now!”
Outside, on the roof, Michael watched the guard on the top floor rush down the stairs. When both headed for the basement, he lowered himself enough to see through one of the lab’s windows. Using one fist, he easily smashed through the window and tossed the flask inside, as soon as the flasks broke against the ground, there was a tremendous explosion.
Michael had pulled himself right side up and flew a safe distance above the building. All of the windows blew outward with debris, and he watched as the lab was engulfed in flames.
“What in God’s name was that?” one of the guards yelled. Both of them ran back up the stairs to see what had happened. There wasn’t much they could see past the flames, and the heat kept them at a distance. The devastation was loud enough to get the attention of several people on campus.
Seeing that the guards were unharmed, Michael flew off to avoid any of Cross’ henchmen.
In the inferno that had been Cross’ lab a solitary figure, Lizzy, stood watching Michael. Before anyone could see her she morphed into a bird and flew away.
1.12

It was late at night and the wind was blowing strongly. On a lonely deserted highway, a car slowly pulled off the road.
“Mason, get out and check the area,” Cross said. “Make sure no one is around, Alex, pop the hood.”
All three men stepped out. Mason’s eyes faintly glowed as he scanned the area. Cross and Alex moved up to the front of the car.
“Just pretend you’re working on it,” said Cross. “I want you to wait here until we return. We should be back in a few hours, definitely before dawn.”
“Are you sure you don’t want me to come along?” Alex asked.
“You can’t fly, you’ll only slow us down,” Cross answered. “We need to hit them fast and get out fast. I’m positive Michael is the only one we have to worry about. I can easily deal with him myself.”
“Whatever you say,” Alex shrugged. “I’ll wait.”
“Mason?” Cross called
“Everything’s clear,” Mason said. “Nobody’s around.” 
“Then let’s be on our way,” Cross said, blowing dust from under his feet as he floated into the air.
Mason followed, and together they both suddenly flew off into the night.
Back at Cross’ warehouse, Ric worked feverishly on the Phoenix. He didn’t notice at first, though Lizzy sat on a nearby stool, staring at him. When he looked over at her she gave a friendly smile.
“Need something?” Ric asked.
“Um…no,” Lizzy answered, continuing to smile.
Ric tried to go back to work, though he was obviously getting uncomfortable. “What is it?” he finally asked.
“You and I have known each other for a little while, but we’ve never really talked,” said Lizzy. “Come to think of it, I don’t know that much about you at all.” 
Ric sat his tools down and stood over next to Lizzy. “So, what do you want to know?” he asked.
Looking at the Phoenix, Lizzy said. “Firstly, how does a cute guy like you know so much about machines like this?”
Ric almost appeared to be blushing. “If I didn’t know any better I’d say you were flirting with me.” He replied.
Lizzy sat, still smiling.
“How old are you anyway?” Ric asked.
“Twenty-one,” Lizzy answered.
“Whoa! I’ve only got you beat by a year,” Ric responded. “I thought you were a little younger. So tell me. How did you get mixed up in all of this?
“What do you mean?” Lizzy asked.
Ric took a seat next to the machine. “You seem like a nice, smart girl,” he said. “Why aren’t you in school or out with your friends?”
Lizzy laughed lightly. “Did Cross ever tell you what happened to our parents?”
Ric shook his head.
“Several years ago, just as I was finishing high school,” Lizzy began. “Our parents were killed in a car accident. I couldn’t do anything for a long time after that. Cross inherited everything and just looked after me. One day I just started doing things to help him out. Eventually, he told me about what he was doing. I couldn’t turn my back on him. He’s all I’ve got left.”
“Sorry to hear about your parents,” Ric said. “Do you get along with Cross? I’ve never seen you two laughing together or joking around.”
“I love Cross a lot, “ Lizzy answered. “But in case you didn’t know, he is a little weird. Even now after all this time, I hardly ever see him. He’s too caught up in his work to do anything else. It’s like he’s obsessed. To be honest with you, I’m a little worried about him and this whole thing.”
“Do you think he’s doing the right thing?” Ric asked.
“I think it doesn’t matter what I think,” Lizzy replied. “I never thought his experiment would work. All I know now is that if the GTC gets their way, we’re all in trouble.”
Cross and Mason landed on the outskirts of West City.
“Follow me,” said Cross. “And try not to act like a tourist”
This whole place was considered ‘advanced’. It was definitely cleaner with no homeless people in sight. Even late in the night, the city was alive with people everywhere.
“This is incredible,” Mason said. “Where are we?”
“West City,” Cross said. “I use to live here awhile back. This is also where we’ll find my old job.”
Cross and Mason walked a long distance through West City before they came to the gates of the GTC’s facility. Inside was a single, large building, centered in a vast field of grass and stone. An elaborate, twelve-foot-tall fence surrounded the field itself.
“Genetics Technology Corporation.” Mason read off a large sign sitting behind the gate.
“Let’s go around the back,” Cross said.
“This place looks deserted.” Mason pointed out.
Cross and Mason, walking, came to another much smaller gate on the other side. Even though no one was in the immediate area, there were still many people going back and forth across the street.
“How are going to get over with those people over there?” Mason asked.
“Easy,” Cross said grabbing hold of the gate with one hand. “We act as though we belong here.”
With as little amount of force as needed, Cross pushed against the gate until its lock broke. The loud popping sound the lock made was the only thing that gave Cross away, but with everything going on, no one noticed.
“C’mon,” said Cross.
As Cross and Mason approached the GTC facility they used their superhuman vision to scan the building for any activity. It didn’t appear as though anyone was around.
“I don’t like the looks of this,” Mason said.
“I know,” Cross said. “The building should be crawling with people, and by now we should have been stopped by security.” 
They walked all the way up to the door of the building. The only sounds they could hear were those coming from the city outside.
“There’s a way in on the roof,” said Cross. “Follow me.”
Without a word, Mason leaped into the air after Cross.
Cross’ eyes glowed as he looked around, the building was disturbingly empty; No people, no furniture, no equipment. Every floor he went up was the same way.
“See anything?” Cross asked.
“Nothing,” Mason replied. “I don’t get it.”
Cross breathed a sigh of disappointment. “They moved,” he said. “This must be another front now.”
“Where did they go?” Mason asked.
“That’s a good question,” Cross said. “They must have expected us. We have to go back home.”
It was dark enough outside that Cross and Mason could safely fly out of sight from the roof of the building. Just as they were about to speed away Cross looked back and pointed his hand at the GTC facility. “An eye for an eye,” he said.
A baseball-sized ball of energy jumped from Cross’ hand and down to the building. The building violently exploded as if bombs had been placed on every floor.
Once back at his warehouse, Cross saw Ric and Lizzy still chatting by his machine. “Enough flirting, you two,” he said. “How’s the Phoenix?”
“It’s almost finished,” Ric answered.
Alex and Mason followed closely behind Cross.
“There was nothing at the GTC facility,” Cross said. “I was hoping I could disrupt their work and catch Michael, but it seems they’re one step ahead of us.”
“What are we going to do now?” Lizzy asked.
Cross hesitated to answer. He slowly paced around his companions, pondering what his next move should be against his enemy. “We raze hell,” he said.
A smattering of disbelief was the response Cross then received from his only friends in the world.
“Listen,” Cross began. “The GTC knows where we are. Michael is obviously working for them. The Phoenix is nearly complete. We can’t afford them the chance to destroy it.”
“But…” Lizzy said disconcertingly.
Cross stepped in front of her. “I don’t want any of you to hurt anyone,” he said. “The GTC will have to respond to our attack. They’ll have to send Michael. Once he’s out of the way they won’t be able to stop us.”
1.13

Michael hid in the city till the next morning and then went back to the university. Security on the campus was not as tight as he thought it would be. All of the action was in and around the genetics building. He walked past on his way to the dorm. He didn’t need to stop to listen in on what was being said. There were dozens of people talking at the same time. Michael heard one man say “…looks like an experiment gone bad…” That made him smile. “You said it,” he whispered.
Chip hadn’t had much sleep. He’d spent most of the night at his desk writing furiously, and at the crack of dawn was at it again.
Michael knocked once before stepping in. “Hi.”
Chip didn’t say anything or even look up.
Peeking over his friend’s shoulder, Michael could see he was writing and drawing the same types of formulas and DNA patterns that were in Cross’ files. “Tell me you’re working on a cure,” he said.
Chip put the pencil down and sat back holding his papers. “Hopefully,” he said, rolling his chair over to the computer. “You can’t go to the warehouse without some way to fight them.”
“Have you found anything in those files we took?” Michael asked.
Chip spun his chair around. “As long as Cross doesn’t activate the machine, you only have to worry about five infected people. And I know what they’re capable of. One has just the basics and the ability to fly. Another can cause his skin to stretch. I mean really stretch. He’s probably capable of stretching his entire body. A third one can manipulate bone growth. I can’t imagine what that looks like.”
“Sounds pretty freaky,” said Michael.
Chip rubbed his eyes and wiped his forehead with his sleeve. “You know what Lizzy is capable of. The last one…well…I’m not sure, they can fly and they have one other ability, but I haven’t been able to figure out what it is. It looks like some kind of energy boost. Maybe it's similar to that wind thing you do.”
“That’s okay,” Michael said. “At least I know what to expect. Tell me about your idea.”
“It’s just theoretical right now, but if it works, it should reverse the effects of the Phoenix Gene,” Chip answered. “I’m going to simulate it on the computer. If everything looks good, I can build it with this sample from the second vial.”
“What does that one do anyway?” Michael asked.
Chip shrugged and said. “There’s nothing special about it. It’s probably the first one Cross made, his prototype. All it has are the basics. You couldn’t have taken a better one, really.”
“Good. Anything that makes your job easier,” said Michael.
“It shouldn’t take long, but until then, your date with the warehouse will have to be postponed,” said Chip.
“Date!” Michael cried, smacking his forehead. “I’m supposed to meet up with Meryl this afternoon! I almost forgot!”
“Just go on over and spend the day with her,” said Chip. “It’s going to take me a while to finish anyway.”
“Thanks, man,” Michael said, heading for the door. “Get some rest, okay?”
Michael hurried outside and flagged down a taxi, several police cars and fire trucks sped by with their sirens blaring. When he arrived at Meryl’s apartment, he ran up the stairs and burst through the door. “It’s me!” he yelled. 
“In here!” came the reply. He found her rummaging through her bedroom closet.
“So what do you want to do first?” Michael smiled.
Meryl stepped out in her combat fatigues. She shrugged apologetically. “I’m sorry Michael, but I just got a call.”
“Why,” Michael asked. “What’s going on?”
“Go turn on the TV. It’s probably all over the news.” Meryl said, going back to the closet.
Michael went to the living room and turned on the TV. What he saw and heard was unbelievable. Images of Cross’ henchmen were being broadcast. Ric was punching the side of a building leaving gaping holes. Alex was grabbing anything he could get his hands on and throwing it with disregard. And Lizzy had transformed into a creature that was terrorizing people.
Meryl walked in carrying her knapsack. “I have to go. It’s probably a good idea if you leave the city A.S.A.P.”
”Hon, don’t go.” Michael said, grabbing her by the shoulders.
Meryl pulled away. “I have to. I’ll see you as soon as it’s over.”
“Meryl,” Michael said, lowering his head. “Promise me that if you get in trouble you’ll run.”
Meryl put her hand on his cheek.
“I’m serious,” Michael said. “I need you to promise.” 
“Okay, okay, I promise,” Meryl said. And with a quick hug, she was gone.
Michael had a desperate feeling. He had to stop Cross and protect Meryl. He had no idea how, but he knew had to find a way.
Chip was sound asleep when Michael came running in almost ripping the hinges off the door.
“Get up!” Michael yelled, shaking his friend’s shoulder. “Cross and his gang are tearing up the city!”
Chip’s eyes shot open. “Tell me I was just dreaming that!”
“I didn’t want to believe it either,” Michael said, turning on the TV. “It’s all over the news.”
“What are we going to do?” Chip asked, lacing his shoes.
“You need to find a cure now,” Michael said. “ I have to go and see if I can do anything to stop Cross. Maybe I can at least stall him.”
“You can’t go out there,” Chip replied. “What if he’s doing this to draw you out for blowing his lab up?”
“It doesn’t matter,” Michael replied. “If I don’t do something, Meryl could get hurt. She got the call and will probably be with the first ones to go in and stop Cross.”
“Michael,” Chip said, watching the TV. “I didn’t tell you before, but even with the Phoenix Gene, it is possible to die. It makes you extremely durable, but enough damage can kill you.”
Michael walked over to a window, opened it, and said. “I can’t let anything happen to her.”
1.14

The city looked like a war zone. With his enhanced senses, Michael was able to track down Cross’ gang. From the sky, he spotted Alex still throwing anything he could get his hands on. Lizzy and Ric sat on a heap of rubble in the middle of the street. Michael landed several feet from where they were.
“Nice of you to join us,” Lizzy said, waving her hand.
“Where’s Cross?” Michael bluntly asked.
Lizzy checked her watch. “He should be here any second.”
Ric hopped down and stood motionless, staring at Michael.
Michael stared back to make sure Ric didn’t pull any surprises. He then heard something. ‘Someone’s in back of me!’ he thought. Turning his head slowly, he saw Alex some distance behind him.
Like Ric, Alex stood eerily motionless just staring at Michael.
Michael drew his attention back to where Ric had been standing. Out of the corner of his eye, he could see Ric now standing off to his left.
“Look who’s here,” Lizzy said, pointing.
Michael looked up and saw Cross and Mason coming toward him. Mason sat down off to the right, while Cross hovered above. He was now surrounded. His body tensed up. This time he wasn’t going to just walk away. “What’s going on Cross?” he asked.
“I should be asking you the same thing,” Cross answered. “Why did you destroy my lab? And don’t lie, I know it was you. Lizzy saw the whole thing.”
“Saw?!” Lizzy said. “I was in the lab when it blew up!”
“Yes, it must have been slightly painful,” Cross added. “Anyway, Michael, you almost managed to ruin everything. Years of hard work were destroyed. My credibility shattered. And to think I almost believed you.”
“You’re a madman!” Michael said. “This whole idea of helping people is a joke. All you’re going to do is create problems that you won’t be able to fix. Look at this city. Do you think anyone will want to join you now?”
“I no longer care about everyone,” Cross said. “Anyone who wants to join me will do so. The rest can die of their inferiority.”
“What are you going to do,” Michael asked. “Kill the millions, maybe billions of people who don’t join you?”
Cross looked coldly into Michael’s eyes and said. “Only those who get in my way.”
Lizzy stood up slowly morphing. Ric’s skin started to split with pointy bones jutting out. Michael had no way to escape. All he could do was wait for them to make the first move. With his senses and a little instinct, he could tell that either Ric or Mason would strike first, so when it finally came, he was ready. Ric and Mason both charged. They were fast, but Michael was equally as fast.
With perfect timing, Michael darted backward causing Ric and Mason to strike each other. They hit with so much force that they bounced off each other and went sailing into the buildings behind them.
Alex wasted no time—he literally wrapped his entire hand around Michael.
Michael tried to free his arms, but Alex’s body seemed to be made of a goopy material that wouldn’t break.
Alex coiled his arm and launched Michael headfirst into a building.
Michael scrambled to get back on his feet when a monster, Lizzy, came crashing through another wall.
Lizzy was a demon twice Michael’s size and had teeth and claws that could shred a normal person to pieces. She lunged toward him, swiping with her claws.
Michael staggered back trying to get some footing. Lizzy was only inches away when he launched himself into the air, avoiding her next attack by a fraction of a second.
Then, Mason seemed to come out of nowhere and grab Michael from behind in a bear hug. He squeezed hard, causing several of Michael’s ribs to crack.
Michael had to use every ounce of strength to stop Mason from squeezing any further. He lowered his head and brought it smashing back into Mason’s face. The man’s grip loosened enough so that Michael could break free. Then spinning around, he back-fisted Mason and sent him flying into a building.
Lizzy sprouted wings and flew up to Michael. She grabbed him by the head and before he could react, she dove. It was a short distance but enough for her to get the speed she wanted to throw Michael into the street. The ground erupted in a plume of smoke.
Michael had made a crater that was bigger than the one he’d made in the park. Before he knew what was happening, Ric leaped in and punched him square in the chest with spikes several inches long.
As Michael fell back wincing in pain, Alex’s hand came from around the edge of the crater, grabbed him by the leg, and flung him down the street like a rock skipping over the water. In the blink of an eye, Mason had covered the distance between the crater and Michael, kicking him further down the street and slamming him into an overturned bus.
Michael began to notice that with every hit, the pain was slower to fade. His body was being drained of energy faster than he could recover. He stood tentatively on one foot cradling his chest wound.
Wasting no time, Mason struck again with a flurry of punches that drove Michael back against the bus. Lizzy flew in and hit him with a devastating punch that sent him out the other side. When Michael’s nose broke and reset itself, he felt it. The sound alone was enough to make anyone cringe.
Ric, waiting on the other side, caught Michael by the back of the neck and held him up for Alex, who took hold of him and pushed him several stories high against a wall and left him embedded.
Michael could barely move.
Cross stuck his arm out with his palm facing Michael. “You should have joined me.” He said, a tiny pulsating ball of light appeared in his hand then grew until it was about the size of a softball.
Michael could only watch helplessly as the ball discharged from Cross’ hand and rocketed towards him. Almost as soon as the blast struck, he was engulfed in debris. It hit with so much explosive force that the wall and several floors above and below caved in, leaving a gaping hole that went straight through the building. No one even bothered to check the rubble with their enhanced vision. The building was a wreck and was Michael actually blown through the building.
“Do you think he’s dead?” Mason asked.
“That blast had to of finished him,” Alex said. “There’s no sign of him anywhere. I’ll bet he was vaporized.”
“That’s enough!” Cross yelled. “You know your assignments. Get to it.”
Lizzy, Ric, Mason, and Alex immediately scattered. Cross took one last look at the hole in the building and took a deep breath. There was now no one to stop him. Again, he breathed his relief and then flew off to finish what he’d started years before.
1.15

Night came and went. By the next morning, the military had established a blockade. Tanks and other heavy artillery completely surrounded the city on the ground. Personnel carriers that resembled elongated helicopters without the propellers were evacuating civilians. Reporters were trying to argue their way into Dragon’s Den to get the latest updates. The place overflowed with military personnel.
At the command center, a general was outlining his strategy to three lieutenants. “Here’s what we do know,” the general began. “At noon yesterday, five unidentified individuals demonstrating unusual abilities engaged in destructive acts that endangered the lives of civilians. The local authorities were unable to resolve the situation. Your job is to go in and use any means necessary to stop these individuals. You are authorized to use lethal force.”
Several minutes later the lieutenants met up with their platoons. Each platoon consisted of three squads. Two squads were made of infantry. They would travel by foot and carried a variety of weapons. The third squad was the tank force.
Meryl was in the tank squad. Her job was to man the auto-cannon on top of the tank. She was making last-minute checks when her lieutenant, Hayes, called for the platoon’s attention.
“Fall in!” Hayes ordered. “You’ve all heard what’s going on in Central City, and I know some of you have homes there. We’re going to the center of the city. Command believes that the five individuals we are looking for are still in the area. Our platoon, along with two others, will form a delta pattern around the city and then simultaneously close in. Any questions?”
Meryl raised her hand.
“Go ahead,” Hayes said.
“What do we do when we find those five individuals, sir?” Meryl asked.
Hayes gave her a long, hard look. “If and when we find them,” he said somberly. “We are to use any means necessary to subdue them. I’m only going to say this once. If they don’t come quietly the first time, we hit’em with everything we’ve got.” He paused and then added. “Everything, you got that?”
“Yes, sir!” the platoon barked.
Within an hour, the three platoons were in place around the city. The tanks moved in with the infantry squads marching at their sides. Meryl’s platoon was about halfway in when their radio began transmitting: “This is the third platoon. We have a visual. Stand by.” 
A few seconds of silence passed. Then, off in the distance, Meryl could hear explosions and shots being fired. The radio began to transmit again: “…ird platoon!  We are under attack!  Send reinfo…”
The sounds of explosions and gunfire continued for several more seconds before coming to a stop. Hayes grabbed his radio. “This is second platoon. Third platoon are you there? Third platoon, come in.” He waited, then barked. “Command, this is second platoon requesting mission status.”
Several moments went by before the command center responded. “Abort mission! Repeat. Abort mission!”
Hayes wasted no time. “We’re heading back to base,” he ordered. Then he spotted Alex about fifty yards in front of him. “Halt right were you are!” he commanded. 
Ignoring Hayes, Alex slowly began to walk forward without any apparent concern for the firepower that was about to rain down on him. 
“Fire!” Hayes ordered. Meryl’s platoon opened up with everything they had, filling the space where Alex had stood with a grand display of explosions. When the ceasefire order came, the smoke made it difficult to see.
“First squad, follow me,” Hayes ordered as he cautiously moved forward. At first, there was no sign of Alex. Then laughter could be heard through the smoke. 
Meryl looked up and saw him on top of a building. “Heads up,” she said calmly.
Every weapon in the platoon was fixed on the apparition.
“Surrender yourself,” Hayes demanded.
Alex stopped laughing and looked off in the distance, as more explosions erupted. The radio came to life but transmitted only static.
Meryl looked over to Hayes. At his nod, she discreetly aimed at Alex and fired.
Alex’s attention was elsewhere, and almost every shot from Meryl’s auto-cannon was on target. He could feel his skin tearing with every hit. Meryl didn’t stop shooting until he fell back out of sight.
The platoon’s cheers turned to howls as a second later Alex jumped down on them and swept several soldiers off their feet merely by extending his arm and swatting them aside. The rest of the platoon quickly fanned out around him. 
Alex grabbed the nearest tank—the one next to Meryl’s— and pushed it into a building. Anyone who had a clear shot at him took it. Some of the tanks tried putting some distance between themselves and Alex so they could use their cannons, but he moved faster than a bullet, viciously knocking soldiers aside or tossing them into one another. As one of the tanks aimed, Alex quickly jumped onto it and knocked its gunner off. He grabbed control of the cannon and aimed at Meryl’s tank.
“Get out!” Meryl cried to her crew, as she released the harness that held her in. The blast that followed struck just as she jumped, sending her flying through the window of a small grocery store.
“Fall back!” Hayes yelled as he tried to drag one of his wounded soldiers off the field. 
Alex jumped on top of the tank and twisted its cannon as though it were a toy. The tank began to roll uncontrollably causing him to jump off as soon as it crashed. Then he stood and watched as the soldiers retreated.
All of the soldiers ran. The only exception was Meryl, who lay unconscious under cans of food and broken shelves.
1.16

As night fell, the air was full of the sound of crackling flames and windows being smashed. Several hundred feet from the building Cross had blown a hole in, a big pile of rubble shifted, sending loose rocks sliding down its sides. It suddenly imploded, causing more rocks to slip out of place. Then, the top violently erupted.
Michael slowly pulled himself out. Taking a moment to catch his breath, he looked around to see where he was. The devastation around him was enough to let him know what the rest of the city now looked like. He skipped down off the pile of debris and did what he could to hide.
By this time, the city had been mostly evacuated. Only bums and looters roamed the streets. Michael could only hope that Chip didn’t leave with everyone else, although he wouldn’t blame him if he had.
Michael returned to the university at top speed. He wasn’t surprised to find it in ruins. Most of the buildings had been leveled, but the dorm was mostly intact. He flew up and into Chip’s room through a hole in the building.
Chip was gone and so was his computer. ‘If he took it!’ Michael thought, ‘It was probably so he could work at a safer location.’ The important thing was he must still be in the city!  As he turned to leave, he sensed motion, and a figure jumped out from around the corner pointing a gun to his head.
“Michael?” Meryl cried, lowering the gun.
“Meryl you’re okay!” Michael said, smiling his relief.
Meryl jumped into his arms. “Thank god you’re still alive! Chip and I thought you were dead.” She said.
“You know where Chip is?” Michael asked, setting Meryl down.
“He’s in another building on campus,” Meryl replied. “Working on a cure.”
“Cure…you know about that?” Michael asked.
Meryl holstered her gun and answered. “He told me everything.”
Michael couldn’t bear to look at Meryl. He blamed himself for everything that had happened.
“Hey, it’s okay,” Meryl said. Then, as if reading his mind, she added. “None of this is your fault.”
“Maybe,” Michael said. “But I should have told you sooner.”
Taking Michael’s hand, Meryl guided him out the door. “I mean it,” she said. “Don’t worry about that. Now, c’mon, let’s go see Chip.”
“So what happened while I was out?” Michael asked as he and Meryl walked.
“I came in with an assault force,” Meryl started. “We heard about what these people could do so the plan was that if they didn’t cooperate, we’d hit them with everything we had. We were about halfway into the city when we ran into one of them. He just…I mean…it was impossible. We were hardly able to touch him and he was so strong.”
Meryl was clearly upset, Michael rubbed her shoulder to comfort her. “There was nothing you could have done,” he said. “I promise we’ll get them back.”  Then, fearing she might start to cry, he asked. “So, how did you find Chip?”
“I went to the dorm looking for you actually,” Meryl said. “Chip found me. That’s when he told me what happened.”
After a short trek, they found Chip in the lab with the EM. He turned when they entered, and seeing Michael, he jumped out of his chair. “You’re alive,” he cried with relief. “Man this just got so much easier.”
“Glad to see you’re okay too.” Michael greeted him.
“What happened to you?” Chip asked.
“Let’s just say you were right and we’re going to need that cure,” Michael answered.
Chip grabbed a vial off a desk. “Here it is.”
“Are you serious,” Michael said. “It looks like the ones we took.”
Chip shrugged and said. “Well, yeah, it’s the same stuff, only I got it to undo what Cross’ does.”
Michael took the vial and held it up, shaking it. “Is it going to work for sure?” he asked.
“Yes and no,” Chip replied. “You see, I exposed some of my cells to the Phoenix Gene. To make a long story short, the cells are back to normal.”
“And the no part?” Meryl asked.
“It won’t work on Michael.” Chip answered.
Michael saw a sad look on Meryl’s face. “What’s wrong?” he asked.
“Michael,” Chip said, waving for him to get closer. “I got a sample of your hair from your room and tested it. The antidote didn’t work. I tried it three times and nothing happened.”
“What’s so bad about that?” Michael asked.
“Anyone exposed to the Phoenix Gene can’t have kids.” Chip answered.
A moment of silence fell.
“But with a little more time you can you cure me, right?” Michael asked, hardly breathing.
“I don’t think so.” Chip said reluctantly. “You were exposed differently. On the plus side, you’re a lot harder to kill than they will be.”
“Is it possible to kill them without the antidote?” Meryl asked.
Chip nodded and answered. “Yes, but you would have to inflict a massive amount of damage in a very short period. Even with the Phoenix Gene, I highly doubt one person could do it alone.”
“Hold on!” Michael said. “If you thought I was dead, what were you two planning on doing?”
“We were still going to try and stop Cross,” Chip replied. “I laced a knife and some ammo with the antidote for Meryl. Other than that, I have a syringe and a small capsule that might come in handy.”
Michael took the capsule from Chip. “You think you’re gonna get close enough to use any of this?” he asked.
“With you, yeah,” Meryl answered, picking up her weapons and holstering them.
Michael flicked the capsule like a coin and caught it. “So, you got a plan?”
1.17

That night Michael, Meryl, and Chip camped out in a building that was mostly demolished, but which provided a view of the latest sighting obtained via Meryl’s radio. Nothing happened until close to daybreak when Michael, with his enhanced vision, could see Mason exiting a building. “There goes one,” he said.
“Looks like he's alone,” Meryl added, watching with binoculars.
“Let’s go after him first.” Chip said, pointing to Mason.
Before making his move, Michael waited until Mason was far from help. It was Mason’s job to patrol the city and watch for sneak attacks from the military. He was floating slowly among the destroyed buildings when, out of nowhere, Michael suddenly appeared in front of him.
“Hello,” said Michael.
Mason came to a full stop. “You!” he cried. “You should be dead!”
“Sorry to disappoint,” Michael said, reaching into his pocket. He pulled out the capsule and held it with two fingers.
“What’s that?” Mason asked.
“It’s an antidote for the Phoenix Gene. Why don’t you make this easy on yourself and take it so I don’t have to use our other discovery and kill you instantly.” Michael bluffed. 
Mason stared at him. Going from a bum to much more than a man had been like a dream, and he wasn’t ready to wake up. “You can’t be serious!” he laughed, flexing both arms. “If you think I’m gonna give this up that easily, then I’ve got news for ya. I think I will take that pill and ram it down your throat!”
Moving in so fast he seemed to disappear, Mason threw a punch.
Michael dodged sideways. Dodging a second blow, he slipped the capsule back into his pocket.
Mason began throwing punches furiously, advancing as Michael flew backward dodging each one. Finally, at a strategic moment, Michael stuck out his foot, and Mason went down like a brick. He jumped back to his feet and took to the air. “You little punk! You’re gonna pay for that!” Mason cried.
Michael flew up with his back close to a building. “Come on then!” he taunted.
Mason grunted and sped toward Michael like a bullet. At the last second, Michael darted upward, causing Mason to crash into the building behind him.
Mason hit so hard that bricks flew and windows shattered.
Michael looked down and waved to Meryl and Chip. “Hey, I think I’m getting the hang of this!” he yelled.
 “Michael!” Chip suddenly cried out, pointing at Mason, who’d suddenly appeared out of the rubble. 
Michael didn’t have to look. He darted downward as Mason attacked from behind catching him with one hand, he grabbed Mason by the leg and swung him back into the building. With a crash, Mason fell to the ground. “Give up?” asked Michael hovering above him.
Mason stood defiantly clenching his fists. “I’m not finished by a long shot!” he spat, darting in front of Michael. “Fight me like a man!”
Michael readied himself.
When they made contact, they hit each other so furiously that to the normal human eye they were nothing but a blur.
“Can you tell who’s winning?” Meryl asked breathlessly.
Chip didn’t answer. He was too awe-struck with the way Michael and Mason were slugging it out.
The fighting came to a halt when Michael landed a gut shot that caused Mason to hunch over in pain. “You’re only making this a lot harder on yourself,” he said triumphantly.
But Mason was only pretending to be injured. He drove his knee into Michael’s midsection, catching him off guard.
Michael hunched over from the force of the hit, and before he could respond, Mason raised his fist and brought it down like a hammer on the back of his neck sending him reeling downward.
Meryl and Chip watched intently, hoping Michael wasn’t hurt. They breathed a sigh of relief when they saw him up on one knee rubbing his neck. The pain had disappeared, though he still felt a small tingle. He stood up and began looking for Mason.
Mason burst up from the ground in front of Michael, catching him off guard again. A punch to the face sent Michael flying backward. Still reeling, Michael gathered himself as he sailed between Meryl and Chip. Within a heartbeat he had gained his composure and was charging back at Mason, moving so fast he kicked up dirt.
Meryl and Chip had to cover their faces.
Michael threw punches at an extremely hectic pace. Mason dodged and blocked the first few, but suddenly Michael was proving too much for him to handle.
Mason was starting to feel the wear on his body and was having a little trouble catching his breath.
Michael kept landing punches, pummeling Mason in the gut and then in the face. With every hit, Mason could feel himself getting weaker and the pain getting worse. When Michael finally let up, Mason was on his knees shaking. Michael moved in behind the terrified man. “Chip!” he yelled, watching the bruises on Mason’s body visibly fade.
Within seconds, Chip was there with the syringe. “That should do it,” he said, injecting Mason with the antidote.
Mason’s skin was weak enough from the pummeling Michael gave him. He slumped to the ground, tensed up, and stopped breathing.
“It killed him!” Meryl exclaimed.
“No, give it a minute.” Chip said, checking his watch.
It was a little less than a minute when Mason started to breathe again. He slowly got up and was face-to-face with Michael. “You didn’t think that would work did you?” he sneered, throwing a punch.
Michael was shocked at first but smiled when he easily caught Mason’s fist and held it. “What’s wrong?” he asked as the Mason struggled frantically to break free. 
“No!” Mason yelled. “What did you do to me?”
Michael pushed Mason’s fist back, releasing him. “You’re finished,” Michael said. “Now get out of here and don’t come back.”
Mason didn’t have to be told twice.
“Yes!” Chip cried, throwing his arms up. “I knew it would work!”
“Calm down,” Michael said. “There’s still four more just like him—even worse actually. I’m going to need all the help I can get.”
1.18

“How much farther is the warehouse?” Meryl asked, running alongside Michael.
“I’d say less than a mile,” Michael answered.
“Hey you guys, hold up!” called Chip from behind them. “I’m not a track star.” he gasped trying to catch his breath. Meryl was also slightly winded and grateful for a rest. Only Michael didn’t look like he’d been running at all.
“You should stand up and walk a little with your hands around the back of your head,” Meryl told Chip, doing it herself. “It helps.”
 Chip gave it a shot. “Wow!” he said, almost more in pain. 
Then Meryl noticed Michael. Something was different about him. He almost seemed lost. “Is something wrong?” she asked.
Michael wasn’t lost, he was listening. It was a sound only he could hear, and at first, he couldn’t tell what it was. Then, suddenly, he knew. It was whispering voices, and they were coming closer. “Take cover right now,” he ordered.
Meryl and Chip ducked down by the closest pile of rocks, and Michael moved into the middle of the street. The whispering had stopped. All he could hear now was the sound of the wind.
A block away, Ric stepped out from around a corner. His body was almost completely covered with spikes. Michael was examining this next adversary, looking for the few places that offered a clean hit. Fighting Ric would be difficult. Deciding to make the first move, he lifted himself inches off the ground and flew at Ric head-on.
Ric stood in place not moving a muscle.
Michael was several feet away when Alex’s hand seemed to come out of nowhere and knock him into a building. Ric couldn’t help but laugh as Michael regrouped and began pounding Alex relentlessly. Every single hit seemed to bounce right off, as though Alex were made out of rubber. Michael’s punches weren’t affecting him at all. Alex reached out and, grabbing Michael by the neck sent him slamming into one building after another.
Michael tried to pry Alex’s hand open, but it was like playing with ooze. Finally, he had an idea and, managing to grab hold of a huge piece of debris, tossed it on Alex’s stretching arm.
“That idiot!” Alex cried out in panic.  “My arm…it’s pinned down.”
“Use your strength to lift it,” said Ric.
“I can’t,” Alex whimpered. “I’m not strong like you. When I pull away, I just stretch.”
From her hiding place, Meryl could see that something was going on with Alex. “Stay here,” she said to Chip. “I’m going to help Michael.” 
“Hang on,” Ric said. “I’ll get it.”
Meryl could see the debris on Alex’s arm. His hand lay on the ground with little movement. She was startled by Michael’s tap on her shoulder.
“Do you have that knife?” Michael asked.
“Yup,” Meryl said, handing it over.
“Stay close to me,” Michael instructed, running over to Alex’s hand. He knelt down and raised the knife.
The debris then exploded, knocking both Michael and Meryl down. In front of them stood Ric.
Meryl kept her eye on Alex’s hand, watching as it whipped up and began retracting. She quickly aimed with her gun and fired.
The bullet was a dart that barely stuck to hand, only because of its stretchy nature.
Alex screamed as the dart pierced his skin. His arm immediately reverted to its normal size, as the dart then fell to the ground.
Chip looked on as Alex went through the process of becoming normal.
Meryl aimed the gun at Ric. Before she could squeeze the trigger, the gun flew from her hand and she found herself face-to-face with Ric. As he stood there, he grew nasty-looking claws. 
Before Meryl could react, Michael came from behind and drove his elbow into the side of Ric’s neck, stunning him.
Michael grabbed Ric by the belt and collar and threw him. “Get out of here!” he yelled, helping Meryl up.
That was when Meryl noticed Michael’s hand was empty. “Where’s the knife?” she asked.
“I don’t know. I dropped it,” Michael said, watching Ric get back on his feet and close in on him. “Go back to Chip and see if he has any more of that antidote. I’m gonna stall this guy.”
Meryl took off running.
By this time Michael’s condition was no longer top-notch. He was slightly winded and starting to sweat. If he wasn’t careful, Ric could easily put him down for the count. They circled each other waiting for someone to make the first move.
Ric had a sinister grin on his face. Bones were jutting out of every joint on his body. He certainly didn’t look human. With his superhuman speed, he lunged, swiping both arms at Michael.
Michael sidestepped the first swipe and ducked under the second, nailing Ric hard with a kidney shot.
The bones around Ric’s ribs cracked but protected him. He brought his spiked elbow down on Michael’s back.
Michael fell to one knee then rolled a bit. Any wound quickly healing.
Ric lunged again, this time swiping Michael’s arm with his claws.
Michael fumbled backward, desperately trying to get some distance from Ric. He tried flying up, where Ric couldn’t follow, but he jumped and caught the student by the foot, his claws sinking in causing Michael to howl not in pain but the sight and just the disturbing feeling.
Recovering as best he could, Michael pulled his knee to his waist and grabbed Ric by the wrist, but the claws were hooked, and no matter how much Michael tried, there was no way of getting free.
With a quick pull, Ric hoisted himself up then fell, impaling Michael with as many spikes as he could.
Michael struggled to stay in flight. If Ric brought him down, it would be over.
“You can’t stay like this forever,” Ric gloated, sinking his spikes in deeper. “Once I get you down, I’ll finish you for good.”
Michael said nothing. The feeling was slowly turning to pain with so many spikes impaling him, but he refused to give up. His body began to fill with anger and desperation and that feeling he had when he created air began to overcome him. An almost uncontrollable amount of wind began to emanate from his body. He couldn’t explain it, but he began to feel rejuvenated. With a burst of energy, he shot straight up like a rocket dragging Ric with him.
“W…what are you doing?” Ric cried.
Michael gave no answer. He kept going higher and higher until he could start to see the curvature of the planet. Then, slowly he began to fall.
As they picked up more and more speed, Michael struggled in every way to get Ric off. It was working!
Ric’s panic was causing his spikes to retract uncontrollably, then one hand lost its grip. They continued to plummet. Michael regained control and positioned Ric toward the ground just before they hit. The impact caused a moderate crater in the ground, but it was enough to make Ric let go.
Feverishly, Michael crawled away. His wounds were healing slowly, but as long as they were open, they caused him a little discomfort.
Compared to Michael, Ric was in good condition. Standing up, he spotted Michael slumped against a bent signpost. He quickly caught up to him and wrapped his arms around his neck. “Thought you were smart, huh?” he said, holding one of his arms out and regrowing his claws. “I’m gonna slice your head off and show it to your pretty girlfriend.”
Ric suddenly felt a sharp pain in his lower back. He dropped Michael and spun around to see Meryl standing next to him holding the handle of the knife Michael had dropped. The blade had broken off and was sticking out between the spikes on Ric’s body. The impact he and Michael made caused his body to be weak just enough. He raised a hand to take a swipe at Meryl, then stood in frozen horror as his spikes quickly retreated into his body. The blade fell out and he collapsed. Moments later he sat back up and saw Meryl still standing beside him. She gave him a solid kick across the head, knocking him unconscious again. 
Michael was on his hands and knees. When his last wound had healed, he stood up breathing hard and sweating as if he’d gone out for a run.
“Are you going to be okay?” Meryl asked, putting one of Michael’s arms around her shoulders.
“My energy should be all back in a few minutes,” Michael said, walking slowly. “Let’s find Chip and get to that warehouse.”
1.19

The warehouse looked strangely out of place, standing practically unscathed amidst the surrounding buildings, which were either partially or totally destroyed. There was little cover for Meryl and Chip as they crept up from the rear. As for Michael, he headed straight for the front door, making no attempt to conceal himself. He was just about there when he heard the flapping of a bird’s wings. The bird perched on a rock, and when Michael turned he found Lizzy sitting there.
“Looks like you’ve seen better days,” Lizzy said dryly.
Michael looked a lot worse than he felt. His face was spotted with dirt and his clothes were tattered. Physically he was fine, his energy had mostly returned. “The last thing I want to do is hit a girl. Especially a cute one,” he said, using a bit of charm. “You know what Cross is doing is wrong, so why don’t we cut the nonsense and you help me put an end to this?”
“I know what Cross is doing!” Lizzy said. “And I know you lied about why you were in the lab that night. Cross is doing the right thing. He’s doing what needs to be done to save everyone. We’ve chosen our sides, and I won’t abandon mine.”
Lizzy began to morph, growing to about twice Michael’s size and sprouting wings. When she finished, she looked like a human-dragon hybrid. Her breathing let out a low rumbling sound as smoke seeped out the sides of her mouth.
Michael braced himself for anything. Lizzy opened her mouth and belched out a stream of fire that he avoided by rapidly closing the distance between them. He came to a stop slugging her in the stomach, and then he hit her with an uppercut, which sent her staggering back only slightly, but drew forth a monstrous roar.
“Sounds like the party started without us,” Meryl said, running toward the front of the warehouse with Chip right behind her. “Be careful,” she said. “Make sure no one is inside.”
Michael juked from side to side to avoid Lizzy’s fire blasts. He twisted and turned around and between what little was left of the buildings in the city. His main advantage was that in her dragon form, Lizzy was not as agile as he was. She clipped several corners trying to keep up. Attempting to capitalize on his small edge, Michael flew low to the ground where there were more obstacles. When he saw a crack in a wall that had not fallen, he slipped through with no problem. Lizzy followed right behind, crashing through it.
Meanwhile, Meryl and Chip were able to sneak into the building. All they could see was some miscellaneous equipment and the Phoenix. “Looks empty, c’mon,” Meryl whispered.
“We have to be quick about this.” Chip said, walking ahead. They were within feet of the Phoenix when Cross suddenly appeared in front of them.
“I should have known,” said Cross. “This whole time you and your buddy were working together. Who are you working for, the GTC?”
“No, I told you who I was.” Chip said, taking a step back.
“Really, then who’s your little foot soldier?” Cross asked, pointing to Meryl.
“I came here because you were tearing up the city!” Meryl said.
“It doesn’t matter,” said Cross. “I’ve heard enough lies. If you’re here to stop me, it’s too late. My machine is almost ready and I’m too powerful for you.”
Cross pointed his finger towards to ceiling and fired a blast of energy that blew out a huge skylight above the Phoenix. Meryl and Chip could do nothing but watch as he walked around connecting cables together.
Outside, Michael was hiding in the rubble watching Lizzy fly in circles searching for him. When she wasn’t looking, he took off after her and, in an instant, had her by the tail. “We’re going for a ride!” he yelled, as he started to spin her.
Lizzy tried to reach around and grab him, but quickly became disoriented.
“YEEHAA!” Michael cried, spinning her a few more times before finally letting go.
Lizzy went sailing down through several buildings then smashed into the ground. She quickly picked herself up and flew at Michael. They collided with a jolt. Michael reached out, using one hand to hold Lizzy’s mouth shut and the other to hold one of her arms down. As he struggled to keep Lizzy from roasting him alive, he remembered that he still had the capsule with the antidote. Letting go of Lizzy’s arm, he reached into his pocket.
She was able to get a good hold on Michael but still couldn’t open her mouth. She wrapped her tail around one of Michael’s legs and whipped him off to the side.
Michael stopped himself and dodged one of Lizzy’s fire blasts. The flames singed his hair. He used one hand to taunt her into chasing him. Hidden in the other was the capsule. “C’mon, catch me if you can!” he yelled.
Lizzy roared and flew at him headfirst.
Waiting till the last moment to dart backward, Michael tossed the capsule into her mouth.
Lizzy came to a complete stop and grabbed at her throat. Her eyes were the size of golf balls. A funny sound came from her stomach as smoke billowed out through her mouth and nose.
Michael watched in relief as Lizzy fainted and slowly morphed back into her human form. As she did, she began to fall. Michael mercifully caught her and came to a soft landing.
When Lizzy woke up several moments later, she was alone in the middle of the street. She stood up and stared at her hands as if she was waiting for something to happen. Tears came to her eyes as she realized she was no longer superhuman.
1.20

Michael met up with Meryl and Chip in front of the warehouse. He was about to speak when Meryl placed her finger against his lips.
“Cross is inside.” Chip whispered, pointing back to the warehouse.
“What’s he up to?” Michael asked.
Chip shrugged and answered. “He’s about to fire the Phoenix and he’s been ranting about the GTC.”
“GTC?” Michael asked.
“Genetics Technology Corporation.” Chip replied.
“He could be a disgruntled worker,” Meryl added.
“That’s just what we need,” said Michael, shaking his head.
Chip reached into his pocket and pulled out a vial. “Take this. It’s the last of the antidote,” he said, holding it out to Michael.
But Michael had another idea. “You hold on to that,” he said. “I’ll get Cross away from the warehouse, and you dump the vial into the Phoenix.”
“No way,” Chip hissed. “I know what Cross is capable of, and I hate to say it, but you can’t beat him. Not even on your best day, which this most certainly isn’t.”
“And why is that?” Michael asked.
“The documents,” Chip answered. “I know what I was looking at now. It’s the energy. You both have it, but his acts different. It’s an actual projection. I still have no idea about what yours does. You might be able to put him on the ropes for a while, but eventually, you’ll tire. He on the other hand will just keep going. Only someone with the same abilities would stand a chance at taking him down.”
“If that’s true, then we go with my plan,” said Michael.
Meryl grabbed him by the arm. “Are you crazy?” 
Michael pulled away gently. “Listen,” he began. “If Cross is in top shape, I don’t stand a chance. The important thing is that machine. You take care of that, and I’ll do my best to avoid Cross. We can meet up later and figure out how to deal with him.”
Meryl was unconvinced, but Michael assured her. “Don’t worry,” he said. “Just get in, do your thing, and get out.”
“Fine!” said Chip. “It shouldn’t take us more than two minutes.”
Meryl kissed Michael for luck before he headed for the door. “Be careful,” she said, taking cover with Chip.
Cross was working at a console when he heard Michael enter. He was surprised to see Michael alive. Halfway to the Phoenix, Michael stopped and asked. “What is this really all about Cross, what’s this GTC?” 
“You really don’t know?” Cross asked. “I’ll tell you. After I graduated, I went straight to work for them. It was there I discovered how to create the Phoenix Gene. But, they found out and I knew they would use it for no good. So I left and took the final piece of the puzzle with me. It’s only a matter of time before they figure it out.”
“So what are you trying to accomplish by infecting everyone?” Michael asked.
“Don’t you see?” Cross said. “It’s like you said. If the wrong people get a hold of this, they can use it to enslave the world. But if everyone has it, that levels the playing field.”
“Cross,” Michael said. “The road to hell is often filled with good intentions. You do know what anarchy is don’t you?  It’s not your place or anyone else’s to play God.”
Cross turned to the console and said. “I’m sorry Michael, but we can only hope for the best.”
Seeing Cross was dead-set on using his machine no matter what, Michael poised himself to attack the Phoenix, then dashed at it head-on with blurring speed. In an instant, Cross was on him. The collision sent Michael crashing through the warehouse’s thin wall.
Michael skidded to a stop and got back up as fast as he could. He grabbed a huge boulder and launched it into the air.
Cross quickly charged up a good-sized energy ball and threw it at the incoming boulder.
The boulder split and exploded just outside the warehouse with tremendous force, creating a cloud of dust and small pebbles.
Michael could only wonder how he himself survived such a hit. He picked up two more big pieces of debris and threw them one after the other.
Two energy blasts shot out from the warehouse and incinerated the debris. Then Cross appeared over the skylight.
“C’mon, let’s see what you got!” Michael yelled, flying up so he was eye level with Cross.
An eerie trail of steam began to emit from Cross’ hands. He suddenly threw both hands forward, and within a second six energy blasts jumped from his hands.
Michael hesitated. The energy blasts left him little room to maneuver. He darted back then down, hoping to avoid them. They exploded around him, knocking him about. Meryl watched as he got back up and threw more debris at Cross.
Cross promptly disposed of the debris with another energy blast and then flew off after Michael.
Chip then scurried toward the warehouse. “Two minutes,” he whispered to Meryl.
Cross chased madly after Michael, throwing one energy blast after another.
It was becoming more difficult for Michael to focus energy into his speed, yet that was all he had to fight Cross. He tried darting from side to side and up and down, but if the blasts didn’t get him, the debris did. Desperate, he flew straight up into the open. Using the city for cover wasn’t working; his only hope now was to fly as fast as he possibly could.
Cross chased him for a while, then came to a stop when he saw Michael flying away at high speed. He rapidly fired a series of energy blasts. The sky lit up as they exploded in mid-air.
Michael could feel them getting closer. To make matters worse, some of his energy was deflected into healing the cuts he’d received from debris. As the explosions continued to engulf him, controlling his flight became impossible.
1.21

Chip stood by the Phoenix dumbfounded.
“Just hurry up with that so we can get out of here,” Meryl said, trying to keep a lookout for Michael and Cross.
“Um, I don’t think I have enough to dilute this.” Chip responded.
Meryl looked at him in disbelief. “What, you’re kidding right?”
“Maybe it’ll work, maybe it won’t.” Chip replied. “I’m seeing this thing and I just realized I might be trying to mix oil and water.”
Meryl grew confused. “Why does it take so little in a person,” she asked. “Yet, you’re telling me you might not have enough for this thing?”
“DNA replication,” Chip replied. “Cell division. It’s a process inside the body. Outside, I’m not sure.”
“Fine, let’s just tear this thing apart fast,” Meryl said, grabbing hold of the Phoenix and pulling with all her might.
“That’s not going to work,” Chip said. “This thing is built like a bulldozer.”
“If we don’t do something we’re in big trouble,” Meryl said, still trying to pull something from the Phoenix.
“Hold on,” Chip said, looking at the console. “This modifies the gene, so you just need to breathe it in. I think I have an idea.”
Cross hovered motionless amidst the smoke from the explosions. Michael was nowhere to be seen, but Cross knew exactly where he was and what he was up to. With perfect timing and speed, he turned around and fired an energy blast as Michael moved in for a sneak attack.
All Michael could do was throw his forearms in front of him and absorb the impact. The light from the explosion was blinding, and the heat was intense.
Michael was hit by a massive jolt that shook him violently, burning up much of his energy. Even after the smoke cleared he was still shaking from the impact.
Cross was several yards in front of him. “I believe it’s your turn,” he said.
Michael charged in with superhuman speed and began frantically throwing punches. Incredibly, Cross avoided every single one, gracefully readjusting his body as if he could see them coming.
Michael was fast, but not fast enough. He felt like the world’s fastest car up against the world’s fastest airplane. He just didn’t have the energy to fuel the speed he needed.
Cross grabbed Michael by the face and fired a powerful energy blast that sent him spiraling downward.
Michael hit the ground like a sandbag. His breathing was heavy and sweat rolled off his forehead like rain off a windshield. It was hard for him to move. He managed to lift his head up only to see Cross standing next to him.
“That's interesting,” Cross said. “You’re a lot tougher than you should be. Must have been the lightning.”
Michael’s head slumped, stalling for time, hoping it was enough for Meryl and Chip to do what they had to do.
“If you don’t mind, I have a world to save,” Cross said, flying back to the warehouse.
Meryl and Chip were hiding in a ditch several yards away. Chip sat with his head buried in his hands when he felt Meryl’s hand on his shoulder. “Cross is back,” she whispered.
Chip sat up and looked. “Any sign of Michael?” he asked.
“Not yet,” Mery answered. “God, I hope he’s all right.”
“I’m okay,” said Michael, appearing so suddenly he made Meryl and Chip jump.
“Jeez,” said Chip. “You almost gave me a heart attack.” 
Meryl frowned, noting Michael’s condition, which had declined noticeably since she’d seen him a few minutes earlier.  “Are you sure you’re okay?” she asked. “You look pretty bad.” 
“I’ll live,” Michael said panting heavily, then. “You two wait right here. I have unfinished business.”
“Now hold on!” Meryl said, but he was already gone. 
When Michael entered the warehouse, Cross was already at the console entering coordinates.
The Phoenix made a low humming sound with one ominous red button blinking on and off.
Without any hesitation, Cross pressed it and watched his invention surge with energy. The humming became louder and little bolts of electricity jumped from the tip of the barrel.
Michael could see the electrical energy building up inside.
Then with an incredible amount of force, the Phoenix fired a stream of blue energy into the sky. The resulting explosion, though not very loud, sent out a shockwave that began to span the entire planet.
Cross took several steps back and stared in awe. “I did it,” he whispered.
“Don’t be too sure,” Michael said.
“Still here?” Cross smiled.
Michael clenched both fists and said. “I think it’s my turn.”
Cross held his hand out as if to fire another ball of energy at Michael. Instead, he began to feel dizzy, and moments later passed out. About a minute later he awoke. It didn’t take two seconds for him to realize he had somehow been completely stripped of his powers.
“No,” Cross said holding both hands in front of him.
Michael flew over to the Phoenix, lifted the entire thing, and with a great big hoist he launched it straight up into the air. He quickly grabbed Cross and flew for the exit.
As he was carried away, Cross watched helplessly as the Phoenix came tumbling down and exploded in a fireworks show of blue sparks and electricity. The blast was strong enough to send pieces of the warehouse flying in all directions
Meryl and Chip ducked and covered their heads as debris flew past them. After several seconds it was over. Everything just seemed to settle down. It was quiet – too quiet. They looked at each other, then over at the mound of junk that had been the warehouse.
Michael slowly stood up brushing dust off. In his condition, it certainly didn’t help him look any better.
“You have no idea what you’ve done,” Cross said standing up.
Michael turned and began walking toward Meryl and Chip. “It’s like you said, we can only hope for the best.”
As Michael approached, Chip looked nervously at Cross and asked, “Did it work?”
“He’s back to normal,” Michael answered. “So I’m guessing everyone else will be  alright?”
Chip nodded. “Luckily I was able to drain the machine and pour the antidote in. No one was affected, except Cross. Killed two birds with one stone, so to speak.”
Meryl took hold of Michael’s hand. “Let’s go,” she said. “It’s over.”
Cross watched as the trio walked away. For him, maybe it was over, but for Michael, Meryl, Chip, and perhaps the rest of the world, he knew otherwise. He knew it might never be over. Shaking his head in pity he couldn’t help thinking, ‘You couldn’t be more wrong.’
The streets were littered with tons of debris. “How on Earth are we going to explain all this?” Chip asked.
Michael looked at his friend like he was crazy. “We’re not gonna say a damn thing,” he answered. “We’re just regular people trying to get out like everyone else.”
“Don’t even start you two,” Meryl said. “I’ll just say I picked you up on the way. If we’re lucky, you guys can just pretend like none of this ever happened.”
2.1

It has been ten years. Central City had been declared a disaster area and quarantined indefinitely. There wasn’t a soul in the world who hadn’t heard about the superhumans. The videos of them were reminiscent of mythical beasts that no one could believe really existed.
Religious fanatics took the superhumans’ arrival as a sign of Armageddon. Many people, including some devout atheists, were quick to flood churches. Others— conspiracy theorists who refused to believe that any government would be so forthcoming—believed it never happened, saying that the story was a cover for some hidden agenda. Some thought the planet had been invaded by a warring alien race. Most didn’t know what to believe.
There were a few who knew the truth. They knew that the so-called superhumans were at one time, normal people. They knew about the glowing blue liquid that would give a person unimaginable powers. These select few also knew that the crisis in Central City all those years ago was only the beginning of something much bigger.
What they didn’t know, and what caused them considerable fear, is why the superhumans went away. Who or what had stopped them? The military stated that it had detained the individuals responsible for the incident, but that they displayed no abnormalities.
That wasn’t going to stop the GTC (Genetics Technology Corporation).
It was a windy night on an arid desert plain. There were no signs of life for miles and no roads going anywhere. The only way to travel across this expanse was by air, and it had been declared a no-fly zone.
Lights from the heavily fortified military base, Dragon’s Den, shone across the barren land like a beacon. A fifty-foot wall encircled the base. Sentries patrolled the perimeter, and there were several guard towers. All the buildings looked exactly alike—dome-shaped and interconnected by enclosed walkways. The most sensitive parts of the base were underground.
The command center was located in the lowest part of the complex. It was oval and dimly lit. Workstations lined the walls. One, with a comfortable chair sitting on a small platform in the middle, featured a large screen displaying information about the base’s activities. 
The doors to that room suddenly slid open, revealing the silhouette of a man. He sat down and the workstation immediately lit up, revealing his face. He was the former lieutenant of one of three platoons that went into Central City to stop the superhumans. Although they had failed miserably, he had made a vow to make sure that the powerful freaks would never again pose a threat. Now a general, he was in charge of the base.
A woman at an adjacent workstation turned to him. “General Hayes,” she called. “The APC carrying Dr. Patterson is approaching and transmitting the correct authorization code.”
“Give them permission to land,” Hayes replied.
The APC (Armored Personnel Carrier) was guided in by lights on the base’s landing pad. It hovered momentarily before setting down. Soldiers came running and formed a line on either side of the APC’s door. Lobo, the senior member of the greeting team, walked up the line and waited while the door opened. Within moments, a robust elderly man emerged from the carrier.
“Dr. Patterson, please follow me,” Lobo said without ceremony.
Down in the command center, Corey, whose job was to monitor the sentries, turned to Hayes. “General,” he called. “Sentries seven and eight have just jumped the wall.”
“What’s their position?” Hayes asked.
“They’re just outside,” Corey answered. “They don’t appear to be moving. Readings from their bio-meds suggest they may be unconscious.”
“Try calling them,” Hayes ordered. “Send sentries six and nine to take a look-see. And put all sentries on high alert.”
Outside, sentry six hastily marched to investigate what had happened to his comrades. He looked over the wall, but not even moonlight eased the relentless desert dark, and it was difficult to see anything. He signaled the guard tower to do a sweep with the searchlight. Finally, the beacon settled on two figures lying on the ground. “Command,” he radioed through his headset. “This is sentry six. I think I see seven and eight.”
“Where is sentry nine?” Hayes asked.
 “No sign of nine,” sentry six replied.
“General, it looks like nine is also off the wall,” Corey said.
“Well, they’re not slipping on bananas!” Hayes snapped. “What the hell going on?”
At that moment Dr. Patterson walked in escorted by Lobo. “Good evening, general,” he said warmly. “Are we ready?”
“Momentarily, doctor,” Hayes said. “Unfortunately, we’re having some problems.”
“What’s the matter?” Patterson asked.
“Personnel problems it seems,” Hayes replied. “Nothing we can’t handle.”
“Uh, sir, I think we just lost sentry six,” Corey said reluctantly.
Hayes touched a symbol on his console that instantly set off the base’s alarm and put him on the speaker. “Red alert!” he called out. “Initiate the lockdown. All personnel report to your stations.”
As the base went into a high state of alert, the sentries checked the area. One soldier leaned over the wall to investigate an odd rustling sound. A second later, he’d been swept away by a force that was too fast for the human eye to see. Sentries all over the base were being taken out similarly. None of them knew what had hit them.
 “Tell them to regroup and search in pairs,” Hayes instructed.
“It’s no use,” a woman said. “They’re not responding. Not even the ones in the towers.”
The command center grew silent. Outside, unconscious sentries lay scattered around the base. From out of the darkness, six human figures descended. They all wore black clothing; their only distinguishing feature was their faintly glowing blue-green eyes.
“General Hayes, may I ask what is going on?” Patterson asked, visibly nervous.
“Superhumans,” Hayes whispered.
“Sir, lockdown is complete,” Corey reported, adding. “I have something on the security cameras.”
“Put it on the view-screen,” Hayes said calmly.
Corey pushed a button and the numerous small boxes showing what cameras hidden throughout the base could see resolved into one large view of the eastern perimeter. Everyone in the room watched intently as the six dark figures walked about outside.
“They’re near the communications tower, moving towards the holding cells,” Corey reported as if the others couldn’t see that.
“They’ll never get in,” Lobo insisted. “They’d need nothing less than a tank.”
The superhumans walked in a staggered formation. With their enhanced vision, they could see inside the buildings. They noted that one was empty, but underneath it was what looked like a secret underground guardhouse. The lead man walked up to the fortified door and easily pried it open with his hands.
“Sir, the intruders have entered the guardhouse,” Corey said.
‘They’re going straight for him!’ Hayes thought. “How many men do we have down there?” he asked.
Corey quickly checked his monitors. “Two in the clearance room between the passage and the cells,” he answered.
Hayes touched a symbol on the console to talk with the two soldiers. “This is General Hayes,” he barked. “You have six hostiles heading toward you. Shoot to kill. I repeat. Shoot to kill.” 
The two soldiers took cover behind a counter and pointed their weapons at an elevator door. It was the only way in. Behind them was another fortified door like those banks used to secure their vaults. They waited anxiously for several moments. After what seemed like an eternity, the elevator door exploded, sending debris everywhere. The soldiers ducked and then jumped back up, blindly firing. The dark figure with glowing blue-green eyes stood where the elevator door had been. Some of the bullets tore through the intruder causing him to fall back into the elevator.
Several cheers could be heard in the command center as the superhuman fell and lay motionless on the ground.
The soldiers kept their weapons pointed at the elevator. To their shock, the intruder they had just filled with bullets began to get up. They hesitated. It was only for a second, but it was long enough for the dark figure to disappear. They exchanged a bewildered glance that exploded in blackness as something hit them from behind.
The other five superhumans emerged from the elevator shaft. Two of them sank their fingers into the wall to grab the sides of the vault door and ripped it off its substantial hinges.
Beyond the room was a long, narrow corridor with a single light bulb hanging from the ceiling. On either side were dimly lit holding cells. In one of them, a somber-looking man sat hunched on the edge of his bed. He could hear the sounds of the other cell doors being forced open but did not respond. After so many years in solitary confinement, he was close to being a zombie. 
When the door to his cell violently slid open, he looked calmly into the intruder’s glowing blue-green eyes. It was as if he expected this to happen. The man in black looked down at the letters stitched above the pocket of the prisoner’s uniform spelling his name: CROSS.
2.2

The early morning dew had not yet burned off the lawn. Meryl sat with a cup of herb tea in a rocking chair on the back porch of her farmhouse, staring at the silhouette of Central City far off in the distance. In the yard, a little girl could be heard talking to her dog. 
During the Central City crisis, Meryl had been a soldier under the command of then, Lieutenant Hayes. After the crisis, when her term of service was over, she retired to the farm that had belonged to her parents. Her father died in a car accident a little more than a year ago, and a few months later, her mother passed away from cancer.
The farm sat right next to the highway. On either side, fields of wheat dotted with several windmills stretched as far as the eye could see. Out front in the driveway was a late model pickup truck. The house with its three stories was big, even for a farm, and the huge barn next to it gave the impression that some heavy-duty equipment was asleep inside. Even though the barn was in great condition, it looked as though it hadn’t been used in a while.
The little girl, Ele, was the spitting image of her mother. She ran back and forth wildly, with the dog playfully chasing. “C’mon, Angel,” she teased. “You can’t get me.”
Angel chased Ele for several more seconds before coming to an abrupt stop panting heavily.
Ele spun around. “You quitter!” she pouted.
Drool ran from Angel’s mouth like a waterfall. She let out a small whimper and lay down.
Ele ran to the porch. “Hey, mom, when’s dad gonna get here?” 
“He should be here soon,” Meryl answered staring off at Central City.
Ele sat next to Meryl. “Mom, when are we gonna live with dad?” she asked in a soft voice.
Meryl looked at her daughter and smiled. “I don’t know,” she said, pressing her forehead to her daughter’s.
Ele smiled, but her doe-eyes were sad. “If you love him,” she asked. “Why don’t you want to live with him?”
Meryl didn’t answer. She’d never talked to Ele about what had happened in Central City. She’d never said a word about it to anyone. Was this the time? She pulled the little girl close wondering how to answer her question when rescue came in the form of crunching gravel as a car pulled into the driveway. She looked at Ele with surprise. “I wonder who that could be.” She said.
Ele hopped down and ran to the steps just as her father, Michael, rounded the corner of the house.
“Hola!” Michael called. 
“DAD!” Ele shouted, leaping from the porch into his arms for a hug.
“Did you miss me?” Michael asked.
“Yes!” Ele replied.
Michael held Ele out with both arms. “Are you ready to go see North City?”
Ele let out an adorable chuckle. “I can’t wait!” she answered.
“All right then, but first I need you to do me a favor,” Michael said putting Ele down. “Go play with the dog while I talk to your mother for a minute.”
In an instant, Ele had rounded the corner of the house and made a beeline for Angel who let out a whimper and rolled over.
Some might argue that Michael was partially responsible for what happened in Central City. Even though it was Cross who had invented the gene that gave people incredible powers, it was the major misunderstanding between them that led to the city’s destruction. “Hello,” he said sitting down. “Anything new?”
“Nope. Same as usual,” Meryl answered. “Well…except I was watching TV the other day, and they were doing one of those specials where they show the latest sightings on Bigfoot and stuff. It just so happened that they caught a sighting of what looked like two superhumans running around in a forest.” She looked at Michael angrily. “You’re not trying to teach Ele how to use her powers are you?”
“No,” Michael said with an awkward smile. For Meryl that particular smile was the telltale sign of a sure lie. 
“How could you do that?” Meryl sneered.
“What?” Michael shrugged. “Chip said she would have instinctively…”
“I don’t care what Chip said,” Meryl snapped. “First, we couldn’t have a kid. Then, ‘Oh, don’t worry. She’ll be normal.’ Now, this! I’m not listening to him.”
“Give him a break,” Michael said. “It’s not like he invented the stuff. It was my idea to take her out.”
Meryl was angry. “Michael, I can’t lose her,” she said. “If anyone finds out…”
“Hey...” Michael assured, rubbing Meryl’s shoulder. “You know I’d never let anything happen to her or you.”
“I just wish my family could be normal,” Meryl said leaning against the man she loved.
Michael held her for a moment, then said softly. “Listen, I understand why you wanted to live out here. You’re probably right about not putting Ele in a city. If you really want to stay, then fine, but just so you know, you can always come to stay with me.” 
“And you can always stay with us.” Meryl countered, allowing her gaze to drift back to Central City.
Michael slowly stood up. “Are you ready?” he called.
“Yeah.” Ele hollered back, as the crunching gravel signaled another car pulling up by the side of the house.
“It’s Claire!” Ele announced.
“Crap,” Michael said. “I better get outta here.”
Meryl smiled. “Take care of our daughter.”
“Hello, you adorable little devil,” Claire said rounding the corner and grabbing Ele’s cheek.
“Hey, Claire!” Michael jested, planting himself in front of her.
“Outta my way!” she barked pushing past him. 
Unable to help himself, Michael turned and leered at her with his enhanced vision to see what she was wearing underneath.
“Dad!” Ele called. 
At the sound of his little girl’s voice, Michael’s eyes instantly returned to normal. “I’m right behind you,” he said, jogging to the car.
Claire had been Meryl’s best friend since high school. After Meryl’s parents died, Claire dropped by frequently. It wasn’t that she had anything specific against Michael. She just thought he was no good for Meryl. “Hey,” she said, sitting down. “What’s up? You seem a million miles away.”
“I’m thinking I might move in with Michael,” Meryl answered.
The look on Claire’s face at that moment was something Michael would have paid good money for. “What, Why?” she asked.
“Why not?” Meryl replied.
“Well, for openers, he’s a loser,” Claire answered. “Ele’s half-grown for heaven’s sake, and you two haven’t even tied the knot. You could find someone who’s so much better off. What kind of job is bounty hunting?”
“Don’t forget he finds missing people too.” Meryl reminded her.
“Jeez, you really do love him don’t you?” Claire said.
“Listen,” Meryl began. “Michael may not have the greatest job in the world. But as a person, he is the best. He’s perfect for me. He would do anything for me and Ele.”
Claire suddenly regretted her big mouth. “Sorry,” she said. “I guess whenever I think of him, I can only remember how he was back in high school. But you’re right. I guess he really has changed.”
Meryl smiled. She was still caught up in the fantasy of how different things were going to be once she had her family under the same roof.
2.3

The GTC dealt with such sensitive materials that they were forced to have their facilities slightly away from populated areas. Employees had to travel to and from work in various corporate-owned bullet trains. The landscape surrounding GTC was mostly dry with very few trees. The main building, nestled among three much smaller ones, was thirty stories high and seemed odd, sitting out in the middle of nowhere. Behind the main building was a huge, closed, entryway in the ground the size of half a football field.
Inside, working conditions were very amicable. Nothing below the fifteenth story indicated anything illegal was going on. On the first floor toward the rear of the building was a small stairway leading to the basement.
The basement was a huge maze of pipes. At the far end, two soldiers stood guard over a passageway, beyond which was a top-secret underground facility as big as the combined square-footage of everything topside. Only a few select people had access. The atmosphere had an overwhelming sense of security; there were cameras in almost every room and soldiers standing at almost every door. No room could be entered without identification granting special clearance.
The holding cells were among the most heavily guarded rooms.
Cross sat alone in one. It was he who created the Phoenix Gene—actually a series of genes, which in certain combinations with human DNA produced various results. Some traits—enhanced strength, speed, senses, and a rapid healing ability were standard. But, in addition, each combination yielded a unique ability, allowing a person to fly, to stretch to an incredible size, to morph into almost any form, or to cause sharp bones to protrude from the skin and act as weapons. The formula that was the hardest to make gave a person immeasurable energy. A superhuman with this trait could outlast one who didn’t have it. They could conjure this energy in a variety of ways that were powerful and devastating, making them superhuman even in comparison to other superhumans.
A soldier approached Cross cell. “You have a special guest,” he said as he opened the heavy door.
Cross looked up and saw a man he hated with everything in him.
“Cross!” Dr. Patterson cheered as he entered the cell and sat down next to the prisoner. “My illustrious partner, how have you been?”
“Partner?” Cross said the word with disgust.
“Yeah, you know,” Patterson said, nudging Cross. “It was I who freed you from that military base, Dragon’s Den. They thought I was there to collect samples from you and your friends. I really wanted to see our work in the field. I wish you could have been there to see it, too.”
Cross cocked one of his eyes. “Our work?” he asked.
Patterson looked hurt. “The Phoenix Project,” he said. “Don’t you remember, you and me?”
“Hmm,” Cross smirked. “I remember me coming up with the whole idea and working on it all by myself.”
Patterson’s look of hurt turned into anger. “You’re such a fool,” he said. “I knew what you were up to in Central City. You thought you were doing everyone a favor. Well, it’s a good thing you failed because you would have wiped out life on the planet, or humans at least.”
Cross looked at Patterson in disbelief.
“It’s true,” Patterson continued. “In your haste to infect the world with the Phoenix Gene, you overlooked a major flaw. Anyone exposed to it becomes sterile.” he then laughed. “Imagine everyone in the world dying of old age with no children to replace them!”
“You’re lying!” Cross snarled.
“Really? And what would be my reason?” Patterson asked.
The realization struck Cross like a punch in the gut. He knew Patterson wasn’t lying; there was no reason. If it weren’t for the shackles binding him, he would have leaped over and choked him to death.
Patterson stood and moved toward the door. “Bring him!” he ordered the soldier.
Cross didn’t have to be told what to do. He stood and followed Patterson as the two soldiers breathing down his neck brought up the rear. Cross was a former employee of the GTC. When he’d first come up with the idea for the Phoenix Gene, he worked on it in secret bit by bit. Then Patterson had stumbled onto it and said he wanted to use it for selfish reasons. Cross took the first chance he got to leave the company and take all traces of his work with him.
“Ever since the day you left, we’ve been looking for you,” Patterson said, swiping his access card through a panel.
A thick metal door slid open and they entered the room. It was fairly large with two much larger doors on the opposite side and instruments covering the walls. The one thing that immediately caught Cross’ attention was a floor-to-ceiling incubator in the middle of the room. A blue liquid filled it, but even more interesting was the form inside sleeping on a vertical bed.
“Take a look,” Patterson said, activating a console. An image appeared on a screen showing the Phoenix Gene. “Look familiar?”
Cross studied the image for a moment. “It’s a basic strand. Nothing special,” he answered.
“It’s your basic strand. Here is ours.” Patterson pressed several buttons. Another image pulled alongside the one already being displayed. It was identical except for a slight difference in shape. Details of the two strands scrolled across the screen.
“You see,” Patterson pointed. “Yours had a nasty weakness.”
Cross winced in frustration.
 “Well,” Patterson began. “After what happened in Central City, we were able to find enough samples scattered throughout the city. You would be surprised at how much information we were able to recover from your destroyed lab at the university.”
Patterson walked over to the incubator. “As for my agenda,” he said. “I plan on unleashing an army of superhuman soldiers on the world.”
“You can’t!” Cross said. “What if they get together and move against you?”
“I’m so glad you asked,” Patterson said, pressing his hand against the incubator. “That is exactly what this guy is for. You see all of my soldiers have only the basic strand with the addition of being able to fly, but this one is special. He is the perfect warrior. With a highly refined energy strand and the ability to morph, he is unstoppable.”
“That doesn’t mean he won’t turn on you!” Cross said.
Patterson smiled. “We collected six samples of DNA that had been exposed to the Phoenix Gene. We identified five of them. They belonged to you and your friends. The sixth one showed some interesting traits, some kind of energy booster we can’t replicate. So, we tried to clone it.”
“What!” Cross said in shock.
“We didn’t get the results we wanted,” Patterson shrugged. “It proved impossible to copy, so we destroyed it and created another one based on the same genetic material. This one is superior to the original.”
Cross trembled. He knew it came from Michael, and he had no idea what it was capable of.
“Since he is our creation, we’ve been able to manipulate him since his inception,” Patterson continued. “Once his mental training was finished we put him in this incubator to accelerate his growth. I doubt, though, that he looks like the original.”
Taking a closer look, Cross couldn’t see much detail of the clone through the liquid. On a counter not too far from the incubator he saw what looked like two of his old Phoenix Gene vials. “What are those?” he asked.
Patterson picked up one of the vials. “These are two of our energy strands. They do take a while to put together. I’ve been thinking of taking one. Of course, the dying part makes me pause.”
The door opened and a woman with a towel over her head walked in escorted by a soldier. Patterson walked over and pulled the towel off. The woman was Lizzy, Cross' sister and one of the four people he had exposed with the Phoenix Gene before the Central City fiasco.
“If you thought we broke you out of jail to help us with the development of the Phoenix Gene, you were mistaken,” Patterson said. “We’re finished with that part. The reason we went through so much trouble to bring you here is that we can’t find that sixth superhuman. It’s clear from the news footage that there was someone who stood against you. What bothers me more is that at this point, you and your friends don’t exhibit any traces of having been exposed to the Phoenix Gene, yet, of course, you were. That means someone knows how to reverse it. As long as they’re out there I can’t go forward with this phase.”
The soldier who’d escorted Lizzy pulled out a gun and pressed it against her head.
“I will only ask once,” Patterson said. “I want to know who it was that you fought against in Central City. If you don’t know, then I’d start praying for your sister.”
Cross could tell Lizzy had been crying. He wanted so much to be able to rescue her. It was hopeless, though. If he was going to save her, he’d have to give Patterson what he wanted.
2.4

Michael sped down the highway as fast as he could. Once you can move like a superhuman, nothing else seems fast enough. “Did you say anything to mom about what we’ve been practicing?” he asked.
“Oh no, you said to keep it a secret,” Ele said putting her index finger against her lips.
“Have you been around any forests lately?” Michael asked.
Ele shook her head.
“Hmm, had to be pranksters,” Michael said as an afterthought. “I still can’t believe how much stronger and faster you’ve become. Are there any other tricks you haven’t shown me?”
Ele thought for a moment. “The other day I made sparks!” she said proudly.
Michael slammed on the brakes. “What do you mean sparks?” he asked.
“I’ll show you,” Ele said raising a hand.
“No, not in the car!” Michael blurted. He pulled over and they got out. Then he stood by as Ele aimed at a tree with her hand. A sphere of light the size of a golf ball shot out from her hand and exploded upon contact with the tree.
“Whoa,” Ele said, her eyes round with wonderment. “That didn’t happen last time.”
“Get back in the car,” Michael ordered, staring at the smoldering tree in disbelief.
It was only recently that Meryl had first noticed that Ele was stronger than a normal kid. Michael had known for longer and was quick to teach Ele, even though Meryl had begged him not to.
Michael took Ele to a remote tract of land, where he had been teaching her about their superhuman powers.
On this particular day, he checked, as he always did, to make sure no one was around.
“I know you don’t understand,” Michael said. “But I promise, someday you will. Did mom ever tell you about Central City?”
Ele looked up and shook her head.
Michael took a deep breath. “Well, something very bad happened there, and it was because of people like us. People are afraid of us, and the only way to stay safe is to let them believe we don’t exist.”
“If we can’t use our powers, then why do we have to train?” The little girl wanted to know.
“Because I want you to understand what you have and be responsible about it,” Michael answered. “And you never know. Maybe one day you’ll have to use your powers to save the world.”
After several moments of setting up a simple exercise, Michael and Ele were ready to begin. “Okay,” Michael said. “You know the rules. Whoever gets two out of three bottles back here wins. No flying.”
The idea was to run to three bottles placed on a rock that, without using their enhanced vision, they couldn’t even see from where they were standing. Then, they had to take the bottles back to the start line.
“Ready.” Michael began.
Ele continued with. “Set.”
Before Michael could finish the word “Go.” they both tore off into the distance leaving a cloud of dust in their wake. Michael had easily beaten Ele the first few times they had done this. Not once did he have to push himself to his top speed. But today, closing in on the rock, he was a little surprised to notice only one bottle still sitting there. He was even more surprised when he saw a blur of Ele zoom by and snatch the bottle before he could reach out and grab it himself. 
“Hey,” Michael shouted coming to a stop. He ran back to the start line, where Ele was waiting, humming and rocking back and forth on her feet. “Since when do we play by prison rules?” he asked. “You didn’t take two bottles at the same time?”
“No, Dad. I would never cheat you.” Ele said looking hurt at Michael’s accusation.
“All right, take it easy,” Michael said. “I believe you, but we’re gonna do this again, and this time I’m going full throttle.”
Michael and Ele quickly set the bottles up again and returned to the start line.
“Ready?” Michael said. He waited for Ele’s part as usual.
But instead of saying anything, Ele stood braced to take off as fast as she could.
“Set?” Michael said hesitantly, and again, just as he said “Go!” they both burst off the line.
Michael gave it everything he had. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d pushed himself so hard. When he got to the rock and saw only one remaining bottle, he could hardly believe his eyes. He grabbed at it, but just as the bottle was within his grasp, a phantom blur sped by and took it!
“What the…” Michael barked. When he got back to the start line, Ele had set the bottle down neatly next to the other two.
“I don’t believe it!” Michael exclaimed. “How did you get here so fast?”
Ele shrugged her shoulders. “I don’t know,” she said. “I don’t feel any different than last time.”
“Not that I don’t believe you,” Michael said, picking up a bottle. “But let’s set this up one more time. Actually, just take the bottles from here one at a time and place them back on the rock as fast as you can.”
“Okay,” Ele said, taking the bottle from Michael’s hand.
“Ready, go!” Michael said. He kept a watchful eye on the bottles. His jaw dropped as they disappeared in under three seconds. Before he knew it, Ele was back standing right next to him with an innocent smile. Using his enhanced vision, he could see the three bottles stacked neatly side-by-side on the rock.
North City was a modern marvel, a city that emphasized technology. It was among the world’s largest cities and had plenty of room to grow. You couldn’t find a homeless person anywhere. Crime in the city was the lowest of any. Elevators could take people from the first to the hundredth floor in a matter of seconds without any gravitational sensation. Small maintenance robots strolled around keeping the streets clean. Computer access terminals could be found at almost every corner. 
Michael’s powers allowed him to make a nice living as a freelance bounty hunter. Only on occasion did he ever use his abilities to help people. There was a fear that if anyone found out, he would be shunned or hunted. He needed to use his superhuman powers discreetly. 
“Look!” Ele shouted, pointing at a huge sign for a carnival.
Michael didn’t need to look. He knew what Ele was excited about. “Yeah?” he asked.
“You didn’t look!” Ele whined, watching the sign go by.
“I know what you were pointing at,” Michael smiled. “What about it?”
“Can we go?” She stared at Michael with her smiling baby look until he caved. He’d been planning on taking her anyway. The carnival came around only once a year, and Ele had never been to one.
“Listen, I want you to behave and stick by me,” Michael said. “Don’t go running off like you did at the aquarium.”
“I couldn’t help it. I got caught in the crowd.” Ele said.
Michael rolled his eyes and said. “Ele, there was hardly anyone there.”
Unlike the aquarium, the carnival was filled with people. It had everything: clowns, rides, animals, food. It was the perfect place for a girl like Ele. Before they were done, they’d gone on every ride, played every game, seen all of the animals, and visited every funhouse. 
“Let’s get on the roller coaster again,” Ele begged.
“I don’t know,” Michael said. He jokingly rubbed his stomach. “It almost made me hurl last time.”
“Please!” she said giving him a look he could rarely resist.
They walked around back to the rollercoaster with Ele tugging on Michael’s hand, urging him to hurry.
When they got there Michael couldn’t believe the line. “Well, aren’t we Mr. Popular,” he mumbled.  “Ele, are you sure you want to wait for this?”
“Yeah,” she said. “And then can we go on the Ferris wheel again?”
“Let’s get something to eat before that,” Michael said.
As Michael said that he heard an odd noise that he knew was coming from the roller coaster. He watched as the cars came by at top speed. A small piece from underneath the front car flew off, causing the train to jerk sideways. Then the front car broke from the rest and flew off the rail. To everyone’s horror, the remaining cars were hanging from the track. Screams assaulted Michael’s ears from above and all around him as frantic riders and their parents and friends below expressed horror and disbelief.
“Dad, do something!” Ele pleaded.
Michael stood motionless, staring at the ride as he held Ele tightly.
“Please, dad, you can save them! C’mon!” Ele cried. “Dad!”
The car that had been clinging to the rail suddenly buckled and tore loose. A helpless howl went up as everyone watched the cars plummet and crash into the ground.
Ele couldn’t take her eyes off what was happening around her. She couldn’t believe her father did nothing to help those poor souls when it was clearly within his power to do so. She stood frozen in place until Michael finally picked her up and carried her toward the car.
Michael never felt more anguish. As people rushed to the scene, he walked away.

2.5

Hayes’ base was crawling with teams of investigators. The superhumans left virtually no traces. APCs were coming and going with cargo. Hayes and Lobo stood outside watching as the base was dismantled.
One flying APC set down and a woman dressed in a business suit stepped off. She made a beeline toward Hayes, who hadn’t yet noticed her. “General Hayes,” she said, stepping in front of him. “I’m…”
“I know who you are!” he growled. He didn’t have to look any further than the woman’s uniform to see that she represented the World Security Council (WSC).
“The Security Council wishes to speak with you.” the woman said in a soft voice.
Hayes continued watching his base being torn apart and gave no indication he had heard her.
The woman’s eyes narrowed. “Right now!” she said.
Agitated, Hayes signaled Lobo to follow him. “Let’s go,” he said, walking toward the APC with the woman behind them.
“What does the council want to see you for?” Lobo asked.
Hayes shrugged. “Who knows?” 
Founded shortly after the crisis in Central City, the WSC controlled the worldwide military. At any time they could call upon any economic or military resource.
“Maybe they’ve decided to go along with your project,” Lobo said.
“Not likely,” Hayes said. “Considering how far they’ve gotten with their Ark Project. It’s slated to be finished in a few years.”
The WSC headquarters was a massive building that stood proudly out in the open. It was heavily fortified, with soldiers patrolling on the ground, roof, and outside walkways located on every other floor. Monitor drones could be seen hovering everywhere.
Hayes and Lobo stepped off the APC escorted by several soldiers. After a short walk through the building, they came to a stop at a set of tall doors.
A soldier approached Lobo. “You have to wait here, sir,” he said.
“It’ll only take a moment,” Hayes assured Lobo. The doors opened and he walked through. The room was dark except for the light on the podium. The faces of the council members sitting around it were in shadow. 
“Good afternoon, General Hayes.” Ryan, a council member, said mildly as Hayes stepped up to the podium. Hayes couldn’t tell where the voice was coming from. Already discontent with the WSC, he stood silently.
“We’ve all heard about what happened at your base,” Ryan continued. “There is concern that this is a prelude to something worse.”
“I wouldn’t be surprised,” Hayes said.
“What do you suggest we do?” Ryan asked.
“I’ve already given you my suggestions,” Hayes answered, in a tone that said the council was wasting his time. “If only you had gone along with them instead of embarking on that ridiculous Ark Project! Sending a small group of people into space isn’t going to help whoever's left down here!”
“We needed a plan that would ensure the survival of our race,” Ryan said. His tone of voice never seemed to change. “There was or is no guarantee that your Helix Project will succeed. We must be cautious with the resources we spend on dealing with these superhumans.”
“I believe we can defeat them,” Hayes said confidently. “But I need the Helix Project.”
“We need an immediate solution,” Ryan replied.
Hayes then gave up any hope of convincing them to go along with his idea. He knew that without his Helix Project, he would fail. “Very well,” he said. “I will have a tactical analysis for you by tomorrow.”
The tall doors opened as Hayes walked out.
“Well?” Lobo asked.
“Same as usual,” Hayes answered. “Let’s go. We need to make preparations.”
The sun was beginning to set as Michael pulled into Meryl’s driveway. He walked Ele to the door and rang the bell. “Listen,” he said. “Don’t say anything to Mom about your training today.”
“Okay,” Ele whispered.
The click of a lock was heard, and Meryl opened the door. “I heard about what happened at the carnival,” she said. “It’s all over the news.”
“We were in line when it happened,” Michael said, looking a little distraught.
“Do you want to come in?” Meryl asked.
Michael shook his head. “It's getting late and I’ve got to get going, but I’ll see you tomorrow.” He kissed them both and left. 
Without Chip, Michael would never have been able to stop Cross. Chip was the one who’d created the ‘cure’ for the Phoenix Gene. He’d moved to North City right after Michael.
Now, watching TV, he heard a knock at the door. “It’s open.” Chip said.
Michael walked in, still feeling down about the carnival.
Chip didn’t notice. He sat calmly watching his TV. “What’s up, bud?” he asked without taking his eyes from the screen.
“Quite a bit,” Michael said, grabbing a seat next to Chip. “How was your day?”
“I finally got that call from the GTC,” Chip answered. “Tomorrow I have an interview.”
“It’s about time,” Michael said, reaching for the remote and clicking the off button. “What are you shooting for?” he asked.
“With my credentials, I should be able to get my hands on everything.” Chip said, finally turning to face his friend.
“Remember,” Michael said cautiously. “If you ever notice anything out of the ordinary, find out as much as you can and let me know.”
Chip nodded saying. “Yup, but as long as they behave, I’ll have no problem working for them. Can you imagine what I'm gonna get paid?”
“I can imagine,” Michael said. “So anyway, I came here to talk about Ele.”
Chip smiled at the mention of Ele’s name. “How is she?” he asked. Chip adored Ele. After all, he was her godfather. 
“You should have seen her today,” Michael said. “She’s getting stronger and faster— and she’s got that energy strand.”
“Hmm, I don’t know what to say,” Chip laughed. “I’ve been wrong about everything with her so far. I’m sure she has a limit. She can’t be too much stronger or faster than you. Maybe you’re just getting slow.” 
“No way,” Michael said. “Although, I do feel somewhat different in a way I can’t really explain.”
Chip patted Michael on the shoulder, as he got up to get drinks. “Don’t worry bud. We all go through it in our teens. You’re just a late bloomer!”
Michael turned red and tried not to laugh.
 “Do you wanna talk about it?” Chip asked, handing a can to Michael.  
“Shut up,” Michael said jovially.
“Unless I have access to the proper equipment, there’s no way for me to tell what’s going on with you or Ele,” Chip said suddenly serious. “The only place that has the right stuff is the GTC.”
For several minutes they sat silently with their drinks.
“I’ve been thinking of moving in with Meryl.” Michael finally said.
Chip was surprised. “You, out in the country? You wouldn’t last a month.” he laughed.
“I guess we’ll find out soon,” Michael said. “Hey, you don’t mind if I crash here for the night, do you? I don’t feel like driving.”
“You never do,” Chip snickered. “Knock yourself out. I have to leave early so if I’m not here when you go, don’t worry. Just lock the door.”
2.6

Michael’s sleep rhythm had drastically changed since the time he had been ‘infected’ with the Phoenix Gene. He could go a month without any sleep. This let him do a ton of work. The downside was that when he did sleep, nothing short of dropping him from a ten-story building would rouse him.
It was noon by the time Michael crawled off the couch. The first order of the day was to go back to his place and find work. His success rate made him quite popular with many law enforcement agencies worldwide.
Michael walked down the hall, entering an elevator. He pressed the button to go down to the parking garage and found his car. Within a few minutes, his car exited the garage as it turned to then head off to his home.
It took a while, but Michael got used to his incredibly enhanced senses. Filtering through, narrowing, and sorting them out became much easier with practice and time. It was a difficult few months for a while, then it became more like when a camera crew is always around, you know they are there but somehow ‘forget’ or get a little too comfortable with them around.
At one intersection, Michael’s car came to a stop along with the dozens of vehicles on the street. Very discreetly, as he ran a hand over his face, he would dial all of his senses up to search for anything out of the ordinary. Keeping one hand hovering over his eyes, he looked at the surroundings for anything unusual.
It was what you expect to find in any city. Lots of people talking, pets barking or meowing, car horns, construction, and children at the playground. That was just the basic everyday goings-on. That included people arguing, pets whimpering or crying out, traffic jams, people fighting on the job, and lots of roughhousing.
Normal.
The light turned for traffic to continue. Michael had to eventually turn into a residential area with much less traffic. Coming to a stop sign alone now, he used his superhuman senses once more, this time, slightly more overtly.
As before, he could see and hear the sounds of typical city life like before. It was the usual sights and sounds one would find if they had such heightened abilities. However, this time something was different. Sobbing noises he couldn’t immediately account for. From either several females, small children, or both.
Michael adjusted his hearing to zero in on the sound. After that, he could visually search for its location.
Several houses down he found a house where a female and two small children lay, bound and gagged in a basement floor. Studying the layout, the room they were in appeared to be hidden.
Michael zoomed in on the female to examine her face. His vision returned to normal after several seconds and he quickly whipped out his phone to start searching through it. A few button presses later, the phone’s screen showed an image of a woman.
“Brenda,” Michael read. “Mother and both children missing, thirty k reward for info leading to location. Well, reward or not, consider yourselves lucky.”
The car slowly pulled over to the curbside next to the house.
Michael got out of the car and walked up to the sidewalk, taking a look at the inconspicuous building. No one would ever suspect it to be the house of terror that it was. It was a little strange when several kids on bikes rode by laughing. He moved forward, casually opening the gate and going up the steps.
As if he belonged there, Michael easily forced the door to open as if it were unlocked. Using his enhanced vision, he began to follow a path leading straight down to Brenda and her kids.
Michael undid their restraints. “There now,” he said. “You’ll be fine. You’re free now.”
“We have to hurry,” Brenda hissed. “I think he’s here.”
“No worries,” Michael assured. “Just stick behind me and you’ll all be fine.”
Brenda and her kids followed Michael up the stairs. It was at the doorway they ran into their worst fear. Just as they came to the top of the stairs, a scruffy-looking man wielding a shotgun appeared a few feet down the hall.
“John!?” Brenda screamed, as he quickly aimed and fired.
The woman screamed and kids cried as Michael dropped like a sack of potatoes.
“Where do you think you’re going,” John growled. “Get back down there.”
Brenda cried as she tried desperately to shield her children from any harm. John came closer and began to inspect Michael for any wound at what he thought was a safe distance.
Without any warning, Michael’s eyes shot open as he took hold of the shotgun’s barrel. Brenda screamed more as he quickly got back up and began to manhandle John in a way she didn’t think possible.
The next thing she knew, John was thrown across a room and knocked unconscious as he crashed into a wall and down to the ground.
It was only minutes later the place was crawling with cops.
Michael laughed with an officer before moving on. “Ok, Jim,” he said, patting his friend on the shoulder. “You take care.”
Brenda, holding a hospital blanket around herself tightly, meekly walked up. “Good thing you were wearing a vest.” She said.
Michael began rubbing the back of his neck a little nervous as he turned away. “Uh, yeah. I guess,” he replied. “I was lucky I suppose.”
“Thank you for saving me and my kids.” Brenda continued.
Michael began to walk away and waved as he said. “It was no problem, really. Just doing my job.”
2.7

Michael hated having to use a car to get around. Traffic in North City flowed nicely, but not fast enough for him. Flying under his own power was much more efficient, but he had to travel by conventional means to keep his superpowers hidden.
Michael felt that he had no choice but to be a bounty hunter, but he liked the fact that it sometimes offered him the opportunity to really be of service. It was torturous for him to see and hear all the bad things people did to each other and not be able to use his unique abilities to help. At first, he didn’t think he could take it. 
His home was a large penthouse in one of the city’s tallest buildings. He was into technology and had things most people didn’t even know existed. With such delicate and expensive equipment came the need to protect it, so he’d installed a security system that would stop even the most determined cat burglar. After passing a voice, hand, and retina scan he was able to unlock the door.
“Home sweet home,” Michael muttered. Then he stopped short. Standing around in his living room were six men dressed in black. They had a battle-hardened look to them. “Who’re you?” he asked shocked.
“I’m Raynor,” said the obvious leader. “We’re here because our employer wants to see you.”
“And who would that be?” Michael asked, not feeling that the men posed any threat. “Aiken? EV-9? I told you guys I’d get back to you when I could.”
At that point, the men simultaneously flashed their eyes blue-green, an indication to Michael that they’d been exposed to the Phoenix Gene.
Other superhumans were the last thing Michael had been expecting. Maybe he was in trouble after all. Glancing up, he saw that a piece of the skylight had been carefully removed. “Who are you?” he demanded.
“We work for the GTC,” Raynor answered.
“Well,” Michael smiled. “If your boss wants to see me, he’ll have to call or come here himself just like the rest of my clients.”
Raynor looked baffled. “I don’t think you understand. You’re coming with us, like it or not! We can do this the easy way or we can do this the…”
Without warning, Michael burst toward Raynor and punched him in the chest, sending him across the room. The rest of the surrounding men quickly closed in, but there was no way Michael would be taken the ‘easy way.’ That the GTC would finally figure out how to make the Phoenix Gene had always been of concern to him. 
‘How long has the GTC known?’ Michael thought. ‘What are they up to? What are these men capable of?’ A dozen such questions raced through his mind, and for the first time in a long while, he began to wonder what had happened to Cross and the rest of his gang. After all, it had been Cross who’d warned him about the GTC and their plans.
One man jumped forward to tackle Michael, but he stepped out of the way, grabbing onto his assailant. He spun quickly and sent the man flying through a wall.
Two more men circled Michael and tried to arm lock him, Michael twisted and knocking the men’s heads together, managed to escape their grasp. His fighting ability had improved over the years. He’d worked on honing his abilities, had learned a thing or two on the job, and had even picked up a few pointers from Meryl.
Raynor was infuriated. “Give it up man! You’ve got nowhere to go, and you’re outnumbered! You’d be stupid to risk exposing yourself to the public!”
Michael cracked a smile. “Looks like you guys haven’t done your homework.” He then launched through the skylight and flew off.
Raynor and his men were stunned. “Patterson didn’t say he could do that!” one of them cried out.
“He didn’t say he couldn’t,” Raynor shot back. He pulled out a small circular radio from his pocket. “Jade, I hope you’re watching!”
Jade, also a superhuman, was, along with a few others, monitoring Michael’s penthouse from outside. “I see him,” she radioed back. “He’s heading east out of the city. You better hurry because he’s moving fast!”
A transport ship hovered over the penthouse so Raynor and his men could leave without arousing suspicion.
Michael flew until he spotted a wooded area. He swooped down through the canopy of green and landed against a tree. ‘I can’t believe this!’ He thought. ‘Cross told me. Why didn’t I do something sooner?’
Off in the distance, he could hear a transport ship getting closer. Michael spotted it and watched as it came to a stop directly above him. Raynor and his men descended upon Michael, surrounding him.
“Fighting is useless so you might as well come quietly,” Raynor said. “And by the way, I forgot to mention we have a friend of yours waiting for you at the GTC.”
‘Chip? How would they know?’ Michael thought. He couldn’t believe that his best friend and the godfather of his child would ever betray him. There just had to be an explanation. “All right, you win this round,” he said raising his hands.
 “After you,” Raynor said waving Michael ahead.
In the transport, Michael sat silently, ignoring the other men who kept a watchful eye on him.
They were dropped off in front of the main GTC building. Raynor and his team escorted Michael. Upon entering, Michael looked around to get the layout of the building. He didn’t notice Chip waiting in a long line at what appeared to be a service desk.
But Chip spotted Michael and could gauge his friend’s unwillingness from the way the escorts were prodding at him. In the most casual manner possible, Chip left the line and made for the nearest exit.
2.8

Michael was led through the basement of the GTC’s main building. As he walked the corridors, he used his enhanced vision to look into various rooms. From what he saw, it looked as though the GTC was working on many different types of experiments.
“Here we are,” Raynor said, using his clearance card to access the holding cells. He opened one of the cells and said. “You can catch up with your friend for a while. My boss will be with you shortly.”
Michael stared, momentarily speechless. He had expected to see Chip, but the man sitting on the bed staring at the floor was none other than his old nemesis Cross. Memories of what had happened in Central City flooded Michael’s mind. Until now he would have said that Cross was an irresponsible, irrational psychopath. Now he almost felt bad for the guy.
“You two lovebirds make up.” Raynor sneered, closing the cell and walking away.
“Hello,” Cross said.
“Hey,” Michael answered, trying to remember a time when he felt more uncomfortable. 
“Funny isn’t it?” Cross asked.
“What?” Michael wondered.
For the first time, Cross shifted his gaze from the floor and looked at Michael. “Fate,” he said. “If you hadn’t been exposed to my Phoenix Gene, everyone might have died.”
“Not really,” said Michael. “Chip did find a way of reversing the effects.”
“Still,” Cross said shaking his head. “The chaos I would have caused would have been irreparable. For what it’s worth, you were right.”
Michael sat on a bench opposite Cross. “You gave them my name, didn’t you?”
“I had to,” Cross replied. “Trust me, I don’t want to help these guys out any more than you do. Don’t worry though. I didn’t mention Chip. I figure as long as he’s out there, we still have a chance.”
Michael shrugged. “Well, we’re both stuck in here. Outnumbered and probably out-gunned. Yes, Chip is safe, but he has no more of the blue stuff and absolutely no idea how to make a cure from scratch.”
 “I bet you’re thinking we can just bust out and make a break for it,” Cross said with a touch of sarcasm. 
“That’s exactly what I have in mind,” Michael assured him. “As soon as I have an idea of what’s going on with this place, we’re outta here.”
“Maybe not,” Cross said frowning. “They’ve also got Lizzy and the rest of my crew. That’s how they got me to rat on you.” 
Michael focused his enhanced vision on the far side of the room. He could see Lizzy, Ric, Alex, and Mason, all sitting in separate cells.
“I don’t know if we can help them,” Michael said
“We can’t leave them!” Cross insisted.
“We’ll be lucky if the two of us manage to get out,” Michael said pragmatically. He was about to argue his point further when Patterson, Raynor, and another escort entered the cell.
Dr. Patterson spoke. “I’m Patterson, president and founder of the GTC,” he said. “You have no idea how long I’ve been waiting to meet you, Michael.” Then he turned to Raynor. “Escort them out, will you. This is no way to treat a legend.”
Cross gave forth with an ugly laugh. “Don’t let him fool you, Michael. He’s after something.”
“Please, both of you follow me,” Patterson said, ignoring the insult. “There’s something I want you to see.”
The uneventful stroll led them through the large doors in the incubator room to an adjoining room that was extremely large. Toward the middle of the floor was a twenty-foot drop. Michael looked around in awe.
“This is the command center,” Patterson explained.
“Command center for what?” Michael asked.
Patterson pointed in the direction of the drop-off. “Have a look.”
Michael and Cross crept toward the edge of the floor and peeked over. Below them stood at least a thousand soldiers in perfect formation.
“This is not good,” Cross whispered.
Michael turned to Patterson and asked. “What are you going to do?” 
“Take over the world,” Patterson answered bluntly. “It couldn’t be simpler. What did you think I would do with this kind of power?”
Michael couldn’t stifle a grim laugh. “You’re joking right?” he asked.
Patterson moved in until he stood face-to-face with Michael. “Are you really that naïve?” he asked contemptuously. “This is very serious and so is the choice you must make.”
“And what choice might that be?” Michael asked, equally contemptuous.
“You can join us or die!” Patterson replied.
Michael looked back at the army poised to take over the world. None were armed, but of course, if they were superhuman, they wouldn’t need weapons. It was very surreal. “You’ll never win,” he said.
“Trust me,” Patterson smirked. “We have taken precautions to ensure our success.”
Without any warning Michael snatched Patterson by the throat, catching Raynor and the other escort completely off guard. “Now, you have a choice”, he hissed. “Unlock every door from here to the surface or…” Michael didn’t need to finish the sentence. The chokehold he had on Patterson’s throat finished it for him.
“You’re not going to kill me,” Patterson said. “I know you, Mr. Bounty hunter. Now, I know how you found all those people. You’re a good guy.”
Michael looked over to Raynor. “There’s a first time for everything.” He said. “You, stay right where you are.”
With Cross behind him, Michael forced Patterson back over to the door and had him use his card to open it. As they passed through the incubator room, Cross picked up two vials.
“Put those back!” Patterson shrieked. “Michael, listen, I want you to join us. How far do you think you’re going to get? We found you once…”
“Shut up and keep moving,” Michael said, giving the man a shove.
When they entered the corridor, Cross headed for the holding cells. “Hey!” Michael said, stopping him. “We can’t help them now. I can’t carry all of you.”
Cross hesitated. Michael was right. Once outside, they would need to fly as fast as they could to getaway. He looked down at the vials and promised himself he’d be back.
“This way,” Michael said, his hands still around Patterson’s throat.
When they reached the front lobby, Cross ran outside and waited.
“If you’re smart,” Michael told Patterson. “You’ll give up this whole idea of taking over the world. We know how to reverse the effects of that stuff, so it’s pointless.” Then he released the man with a strong push that sent him sprawling and joined Cross, who was examining the vials. “Let’s get out of here,” he said. Then grabbing Cross from behind, flew off.
Patterson got up slowly, rubbing his throat as he limped into his command center. “Open the hatch!” he coughed, standing at the edge of the drop-off. “You have your orders,” he said to the soldiers below. “Remember. Show no mercy to those who resist!”
The ceiling began to slide open, revealing the sky. Like a swarm of bees, the soldiers flew up and out into the world to execute their master’s orders.
“Look!” Cross said, pointing.
Michael stopped and looked back.
GTC soldiers were pouring out of the building and scattering in all directions.
“We need to go see Chip,” Michael said.
Meanwhile, Dr. Patterson stood at a console feverishly pressing buttons. The liquid inside the incubator began draining. Once it was gone, the glass surrounding the creature inside slid up into the ceiling. Patterson moved over in front of him.
“Ash, wake up!” the doctor demanded.
Ash opened his eyes, revealing solid black pits with glowing purple irises.
“Your mission is to find and kill the one you were created from. Go to North City, have some fun and he will come to you.” Patterson ordered.
Ash stepped out of the incubator. He looked something like a tall, muscular alien. Masculine, but anatomically ‘incomplete’. His skin was a grayish color, with no hair anywhere, and most oddly of all, a thick tail almost as long as his body.

2.9

Michael and Cross had to land outside the North City limits. They jumped into the first taxi they spotted and headed off to Chip’s. Neither of them said a word along the way. Looking out their windows they were saddened to see how the rest of the world was oblivious to them and the GTC with its army of superhuman soldiers. Michael used his ability to pick up radio waves and listened for an indication that GTC’s soldiers had struck.
Cross hadn’t seen anything like North City in a very long time. Life in the cell had shown him the preciousness of everyday things—things most people took for granted, not knowing that at any moment it could all vanish. Now, he soaked it all in.
 “Chip!” Michael called as he entered his friend’s apartment. He quickly scanned then called to Cross. “He’s not here.”
“Where could he be?” Cross asked in frustration.
“Last I knew he went to…a job…interview,” Michael remembered. “He should be home any minute.”
They sat down in the living room to wait.
“Do you hear anything?” Cross asked, speaking of Michael’s ability to hear radio waves.
“Several reports of sightings and some contact,” Michael answered. “Right now it’s like a joke. No one’s taking it seriously.”
“Idiots,” Cross whispered.
“Can you tell me what we’re up against?” Michael asked. “I mean besides a thousand superhuman soldiers. Is there anything I should know about that blue stuff or the GTC?”
Cross cocked an eyebrow. “I never explained exactly how it worked did I? No offense, Michael, but it probably won’t make much sense to you.”
Michael rolled his eyes. “Try me.” He said.
Cross held one of the vials in front of him. “Try not to think of this as an add-on,” he began. “Once it touches you, it very much becomes you. It’s a modification of you.”
“You mean it takes what’s already inside and exaggerates it?” Michael replied.
“Exactly.” Cross nodded.
“What about flying and shooting balls of light?” Michael asked.
Cross pocketed the vial. “The beams of light would be a version of the Phoenix Gene with an energy strand. It’s a thing of complicated beauty. Believe it or not, it’s the same energy I’m using right now to talk to you. It’s what fuels everything, even your healing ability. That’s why it slows you down if you expend it too fast or take too much damage. Now obviously, if you take a little rest your energy will go back up unless of course, you’re dead.”
“Why can’t I shoot beams of light?” Michael asked.
“Every strand of the Phoenix Gene has an energy enhancement trait, but only the ones with an energy strand will allow you to manipulate such a tremendous boost. You make it by taking the energy enhancement trait and replicating it over and over. Then, you connect them so that they form a strand from one end of the DNA molecule to the other. This directly interconnects every single energy enhancement trait on every single DNA molecule.”
 “Wow,” said Michael, genuinely impressed.
“As for flying, you’ll just have to believe me when I say that it’s a part of our genetic code. When I found it, it looked like it was a natural trait that hadn’t had the evolutionary time to develop. I’m sure down the line somewhere, normal humans will evolve an ability to fly.”
Michael sat silently for a moment. “This is definitely all your fault, you know.” he finally said.
A curious look fell on Cross’ face. “This is no time to be funny,” he said. “What we need to be focused on is getting some serious help. Remember that incubator we passed by at the GTC?”
Michael nodded. “Yeah, that tube that ran from the floor to the ceiling.”
“Right,” Cross replied. “Well in case you were wondering, that was your clone, or pretty close to it.”
Michael stared at him drop-jawed.
“From what I was told,” Cross continued. “All of the GTC soldiers have the basic abilities with the addition of flying. Your so-called clone was specially made to keep them in check. He’s got the ability to morph and worse—” 
“He has the energy strand.” Michael finished.
“They’ll send him after you. We at least need to use the vials to get my people out, and we better not waste any time doing it.”
At that moment, the building was rocked by a not-so-distant explosion. Michael and Cross ran outside. The streets were filled with panicked people. Everyone was running. There was a brief flash followed by another explosion.
“We have to go!” Cross insisted.
There hadn’t been such chaos since Cross and his friends had tormented Central City. “I’m not going anywhere,” Michael told him.
“What! Are you nuts?” Cross asked. “Michael, there’s no way you can beat this thing by yourself. We have to get help.”
“I won’t turn my back on these people. Not this time,” Michael said. He pulled out his car keys. “Here, take my yellow coupe. It’s in the garage at the A-Town Complex several blocks that way. Get your friends out and get back here. My girlfriend lives on a farm south of the city on eighty-eight,” he went on. “You can get her to help. And Chip will show up there, as well, if he possibly can.”
Cross took the keys. “Try to hold on. I’ll catch up with you later.” And with that, he was gone.
Michael turned and ran, pushing his way through the crowd. A rapid succession of booms in the distance told him he couldn’t delay any longer. Taking a deep breath, he swooped into the air, adding to the terror of the people around him. In a matter of seconds, he was looking at Ash floating in midair and randomly firing off spheres of energy no bigger baseballs, which were exploding with unbelievable force.
It didn’t take long for Ash to spot Michael watching him. They definitely didn’t look alike; Ash was taller and more muscular. He also had a rather warped version of Michael’s sense of humor and didn’t see any reason to not have a little fun with Michael before disposing of him. He smiled pointing his finger at the scurrying crowd below. It was all rather like a video game.
With the speed of a gunshot, a small ball of energy jumped from Ash’s finger and headed directly toward the crowd.
There was no time to think. Michael moved in for the intercept. The energy ball hit him and exploded with enough force to knock the people standing directly below him to the ground. 
Michael remembered what it felt like to be hit with an energy blast, and this felt different. The intense heat and the jolt he’d expected were there, but almost subliminally.  It felt like a concrete wall had slammed into him instead of the other way around. Even with his abilities and experience, he was a little dismayed by the power that came from such a small thing.
Ash let out a mocking laugh. With a slow wave of his hand, more energy blasts began to rocket from his palm.
Michael did the best he could, but even with the Phoenix Gene, it was impossible to be in two places at once. He intercepted the ones he thought posed the most threat to the people below, but if things continued as they were, he knew he’d eventually be blown to bits.
Ash’s onslaught continued unceasingly until Michael felt he had no choice but to attack, even though it meant letting the energy blasts hit where they may; but at the end of his first charge, he met nothing but air. Ash had vanished from the spot and reappeared down the street. “Have I already weakened you amigo?” he taunted.
Michael could go faster but that meant exerting himself to the very edge of his ability. He began to wish he had that energy strand Cross had told him about. He was straining, and when Ash had moved out of the way, it seemed absolutely effortless.
Michael burst toward his counterpart a second time, giving it everything he had.
Ash dodged and then dodged again. He suddenly grabbed Michael by the arm and flung him through several buildings, then patiently waited for his opponent to make the next move.
It came much sooner than expected. To Ash’s surprise, Michael was very quick to recuperate and charge in again. He managed to evade Michael’s first punch, but the second found its target.
Michael punched and kicked as hard as he could. He hated that this was happening in such a crowded area. Already dozens of people lay dead or wounded. He let off on Ash and flew away as fast as he could, hoping to draw Ash out beyond the populated area.
Ash immediately knew what Michael was up to, but was determined that if they were going to fight, it would be on his terms. He fired a beam of energy from his hand that sliced through buildings like a hot knife through butter.
Michael stopped and looked back in horror. “C’mon!” he yelled in frustration.
Charging up a ball of energy in his hand, Ash smiled and held it out threateningly as if he were going to fire it at a group of people below.
Michael angrily charged at him, hoping against hope that help would arrive soon.

2.10

It didn’t take Cross long to get to the garage. The city was starting to look deserted, and vandals were already looting. The sound of alarms and sirens echoed through the streets.
Cross was shocked when he entered the garage. There were hundreds of cars. Even if there was only one yellow coupe, it could take a while to find. Examining the key in frustration, Cross noticed a very small button. Pressing it, the coupe’s engine and lights came to life.
Cross quickly located it and jumped in, screeched into reverse, then floored it. Sparks flew out from underneath as the little yellow coupe blasted down the ramp and into one of the few less busy streets, weaving with ease through the streets. When he found the way blocked, he sped down the sidewalk, knocking everything out of the way.
Cross headed for the highway. The only thing stopping him was a huge gap in the bridge that would take him there. Without any hesitation, he went full speed, hitting the jump and landing on the other side in a shower of sparks. Two tires blew out, and the coupe spun wildly out of control and flipped several times before stopping right-side up.
After several moments stunned, Cross crawled out the window. His left arm and leg were badly injured, and it was all he could do to get up and limp around. He ignored the pain. Nearby he found an abandoned car with the engine still running. It was no coupe, but it would do the trick.
General Hayes sat quietly in his quarters aboard the command ship Valley Forge. It was the largest in the navy. It used highly sophisticated technology to defy gravity and travel through the sky.
Hundreds of papers were scattered across the general’s desk. A projection screen displaying a global view of the world showed hundreds of little red lights pulsating in various spots. Two soft beeping sounds rang from the door.
“Enter,” said Hayes.
The door slid open to reveal a low-ranking crewman. He approached Hayes and held out a sheet of paper. “Sir, there’s been another sighting of superhumans,” he said.
Hayes took the report and placed it on his desk in a nonchalant manner. “Thank you,” he said, staring zombie-like at the screen.
The crewman shifted uncomfortably.
“What is it?” Hayes barked.
“Sir, that report came directly from Lieutenant Lobo,” the crewman said. “It is the only report we have so far of superhumans fighting each other.”
Hayes snatched the report up and read it. “Thank you. Dismissed,” he said.
The crewman did a turnabout and left. Hayes touched several symbols on the projection and in seconds Lobo’s image appeared.
“Good afternoon, sir,” Lobo said. “You get my report?”
“Yes,” Hayes replied. “You’re telling me that after all this time; hundreds of them have suddenly appeared and are starting to terrorize cities all over the world.”
“As you know,” Lobo went on. “Cross once worked for the Genetics Technology Corporation. Ever since his capture, we’ve been monitoring their facility. You may find what our spy drones picked up earlier today interesting.”
A video recording then appeared on the projection. It showed Michael’s and Cross’ escape from the GTC, as well as GTC’s soldiers flying from the entryway on the ground. 
Then Lobo appeared back on the screen. “We’ve confirmed that the individual who escaped with Cross is the one fighting with what appears to be a GTC merc. I guess it’s safe to say that Patterson and these guys have a little rivalry going.”
“It doesn’t matter,” Hayes said. “They’ve all caused their share of trouble. I want you to take care of the GTC facility with your Special Forces. I’m going to assemble a heavy strike force and pay a visit to our friends in North City.”
“Yes, sir,” said Lobo.
Hayes nodded. “Good luck.”
On Meryl’s farm.
“I don’t know how they found out, but he was there.” Chip said to Meryl as they sat on the front porch.
Meryl didn’t answer but continued staring at the chaos erupting within the city off in the distance. 
Ele was in the living room watching the latest news on the superhumans.
“This is a nightmare,” Meryl said. “What are we going to do?”
Chip shook his head. “I don’t know,” he said. “We have nothing to fight them with.”
At that moment a car sped into the driveway, sending gravel flying. Cross struggled to get out of the car.
“Is that who I think it is?” Meryl asked jumping up. 
“Stay back.” Chip warned, moving between Meryl and Cross.
Cross held the vials out. “Michael...” he said weakly before falling to the ground.
Chip quickly moved in and took the vials, while Meryl grabbed Cross by the collar and asked. “What about Michael?” she asked.
“He…needs help,” Cross muttered.
“These are shatterproof,” Chip said examining the vials. “You need a syringe to use these.”
“There’s a first aid kit in the cabinet by the front door,” said Meryl.
Chip ran into the house.
“Did Michael tell you where to find us?” asked Meryl.
“Yes,” Cross answered. “He’s in North City…needs help.”
“Got it!” Chip hollered, running from the house with the first aid kit.
Cross had begun to shiver. Meryl filled the syringe from one of the vials and injected him.
“What are you doing?” Chip asked horrified.
“The only thing I can do,” she retorted. “If Michael trusts him, we have to trust him.” 
Almost immediately, Cross let out a faint moan and seemed to die. Meryl and Chip watched as, within a minute, his eyes opened. He got to his feet with a sigh of relief and stretched. His injuries had completely healed.
“We have no time to waste,” Cross said, looking at Meryl. “You need to take the other vial and go help Michael. Chip, I need you to come with me.”
Meryl hesitantly took the vial and filled the syringe. Then she plunged it into her arm. The syringe fell from her hand as she staggered back into Chip’s arms and lost consciousness. Like Cross, Meryl awoke and got back to her feet. “Wow,” she said, feeling the energy course through her body. Her instincts were already feeding her information about what she was capable of.
“Get to North City as fast as possible,” Cross told her. “Chip, I’ll have to carry you,” he said, stepping behind Chip and grabbing underneath the shoulders. Instantaneously, the men were gone. 
Meryl went back to the house and found Ele still watching the news.
“Mom, what’s going on?” Ele asked.
“I can’t explain that right now,” Meryl said. “But I promise everything will be fine.” She sat down and hugged Ele. “I have to go, baby. You stay here until me, dad, or Uncle Chip comes back.”
Meryl looked at her child one last time and tried to smile. 
Ele sat back down and gasped when sprawled across the TV screen was earlier footage of her father fighting for his life.
2.11

Clouds filled the air. North City had become a shadow of its former self. It was like a ghost town. Everything had been abandoned. Buildings had holes in them the size of cars. Some had been blown in half. Others were nothing but rubble. The streets were filled with overturned cars, and several streets had gashes that ran along with the concrete for dozens of feet. 
Michael ran out from an alley. The way he leaped over obstacles in his path would have made an Olympic track star jealous, but he was tired. Blood ran from dozens of cuts, and his body was siphoning off his energy in an attempt to heal. Several yards in front of him, Ash appeared out of nowhere. Aside from some scuffs of dirt on his body, he seemed perfectly fine.
“I’m starting to get bored with you,” Ash said.
“Then what do you say we quit and call it even?” Michael suggested a joker to the end.  
Ash burst into laughter. “We share the same sense of humor, at least.”
Michael wasn’t laughing. For almost an hour he had been searching for a way to escape the fight. Help would arrive at any moment. That’s what he kept telling himself. With a burst of speed, he charged at Ash, and before he knew it, Ash had him by the back of the neck.
“You have no idea how ridiculously slow you’ve gotten,” Ash said, tightening his grip.
Michael winced at the growing pressure that closed around his neck like a vice. It took every ounce of strength to keep his neck from snapping like a twig.
Ash raised Michael and smashed him into the ground, then levitated a few feet into the air.
Michael got back on his feet as soon as his body would let him, but Ash was right above, charging up another blast of energy. The only thing that alerted Michael was the sound it made, but it was too late. The baseball-sized energy ball landed on him like a bomb. These blasts had begun to feel the way they did the first time Cross had hit him with one. The heat was starting to get to him, and it felt like he was on the verge of having a seizure. This last one had thrown Michael clear across the street, and he rolled over on his hands and knees, struggling to get back up.
Ash flew down next to Michael. “How does it feel to know your life is in someone else’s hands?” he asked with an evil grin.
‘This is how those people on the rollercoaster must have felt before they plummeted to their deaths.’, Michael thought. Then: ‘No! I have to hold on just a little longer!’
Michael felt a second wind of energy burn through him, and he unleashed a flurry of punches and kicks.
Though Michael’s hits were powerful enough to bust holes in walls, they did little more than irritate Ash. Even so, the creature was surprised that Michael could lash out the way he did. Angered, he grabbed Michael by the shoulders and bashed each other’s foreheads.
The collision dazed Michael and nearly wiped away what resolve he had left. He felt himself being lifted into the air and thrown against a wall. ‘I have to get out of here!’ The thought came as a desperate, overwhelming need. So long as he continued to fight, his wounds could not get the energy they needed to heal. His whole body felt like it was engulfed in flames.
With everything he could muster, Michael dashed into the air. Seconds later, two blasts of energy flew past and exploded into the buildings on either side of him, making going any farther impossible.
“It’s time to end this,” Ash said.
Michael could almost feel Ash’s breath on the back of his neck. He quickly turned and threw a punch, which met nothing but air. Behind him, he could still feel Ash breathing down his neck. Michael tried repeatedly, but no matter how fast he turned and swung, he never even saw his target.
Ash knocked Michael down with a kick from behind, then charged up another blast of energy. The only question of importance to Ash at that moment was how to release it. Should I use a sphere or a beam? He wondered, savoring the moment. 
Michael felt like a peewee football player who’d just been crushed by an NFL pro. Even his superhuman vision was a bit blurred. Seeing what Ash was up to, all Michael could do was cross his forearms to his chest in a feeble gesture of self-protection.
Ash smiled and unleashed the blast. It rocketed at Michael and completely engulfed him.
The impact blew Michael and everything around him back with the force of a nuclear bomb. His arms, flailing in the air, did nothing to protect him. Michael yelled in pain as the energy seared through his flesh. When it ate all the way through his chest, he fell into a silent sprawl against a mound of rubble. Michael’s body lay motionless in the debris, blood seeping from his wounds.
“About time you keeled over,” Ash said. He’d have been lying if he’d said that Michael was easy to beat. From what he learned in his training at the GTC, a superhuman like Michael shouldn’t have lasted as long as he did. It was a victory that he would savor for a long time. 
Minutes later, when Meryl arrived in North City she was shocked by the devastation. It reminded her of Central City. The only things that moved were animals of sorts scavenging for food. Lights flickered on and off. Few sounds could be heard, and it had started to rain.
She searched frantically for Michael. She flew to his penthouse, the building was completely destroyed. As a soldier she had seen many dead bodies, but searching through the charred remains for her man churned her stomach. Eventually, she found her way to a street that had what could only be described as a scuff the length of a football field running down it. The whole area was burnt. Streetlights, concession stands, and cars were a heaping pile of rubble at one end.
Finally, she spotted Michael, slumped against the pile of debris, unmoving. As she slowly walked toward him she kept telling herself that she was mistaken, that it wasn’t Michael’s body. Meryl kneeled down beside him, tears running down her cheeks as she stared at his lifeless body, waiting, hoping that his wounds would heal and he’d wake up. She cradled him, sobbing for lost dreams. She had never spent time with him the way she wished, and now she never would.
2.12

In the GTC command center, Patterson sat watching dozens of monitors that showed him his soldiers’ progress. “See, with a ton of hard work, and even more patience, dreams can come true,” he said.
“You’ve done an admirable job,” Raynor told him.
“Tomorrow I will declare myself World Emperor,” Patterson said, a look of evil satisfaction crossing his face. He walked over to several people working at their stations. “Why hasn’t Ash reported back?” he bristled. 
“We don’t know,” a woman answered. “He should have completed his mission by now.”
“According to some outside reports, it would appear that Ash is in another city.” a man added.
“He’s supposed to report back here after every mission,” said Patterson.
“Maybe he ran into something unexpected.” Raynor offered in an attempt to be reassuring.
“No, there’s nothing that can stand against him.” Patterson snapped.
“Incoming object on radar,” a voice called out. “It’s a superhuman, but he’s not one of ours.”
“Put it on the monitor,” Patterson ordered.
All of the monitors, acting as one, showed Chip and Cross.
“No,” Patterson muttered in terror. “Get Ash down here right now!”
“He doesn’t have a radio,” Raynor said. “And even if he did, there’s no guarantee he’d be listening.”
“I don’t believe this. Ash should have easily disposed of that little bugger and recovered my vials. How many superhumans do we have on hand?” 
“Just me.” came the response from Raynor.
Patterson reeled in frustration. “Is the next energy strand ready?” he asked.
“We started on it an hour ago,” someone said. “It’ll need a little while.”
“This can’t be happening,” Patterson said, pacing around the room.
“What are we going to do?” Raynor asked.
“I don’t know,” Patterson yelled. “You think of something!”
At that moment a crack of light pierced the ceiling. Then with an explosion, it came crashing down.
Cross swooped into the command center as Chip stood above looking down.
“Well don’t just stand there! Get him!” Patterson shouted.
Raynor levitated and charged at Cross, sending Patterson running to the nearest exit. Raynor attacked with superhuman fierceness and speed. Cross neither dodged him nor fought back. He took all of Raynor’s punishment like a punching bag, as around them the entire GTC facility was evacuating.
Patterson didn’t stop running until he was safe aboard his personal transport. “Hurry up and get this thing moving!” he yelled to the pilot. Within seconds, the transport was airborne and on its way.
Raynor was a trained soldier, who under normal circumstances would have easily killed Cross; but in this situation, he didn’t stand a chance. No matter how many times Raynor punched, kicked, or pushed Cross into a wall, the man seemed barely fazed. After repeatedly hitting him as fast and hard as he could, Raynor was becoming visibly tired. He pressed on with everything he had until his arms finally fell to his side.
It was what Cross had been waiting for. He disoriented Raynor with a punch, then shot him with a blast of energy that sent him crashing into a workstation. Before the hapless soldier could catch his breath, Cross pointed his index finger, charging it with energy. Then he fired it straight at Raynor’s heart. The blast tore through Raynor’s body as he had little superhuman power to withstand it. He slowly fell back, stiff as a board.
Cross carried Chip down into the command center and turned to leave.
“Wait, where are you going?” Chip asked.
“Unfinished business. Wait here.” Cross said, flying off through the entryway.
“Can’t this thing go any faster?” Patterson yelled.
“The gauge is already in the red zone,” the pilot replied. “Hold on. Something’s coming up behind us real fast.” The transport suddenly shook violently. Everything went dark for a moment; then the emergency lights turned on.
“We’ve lost an engine,” the pilot reported. “We’re going down.”
The transport wafted helplessly toward earth, finally crashing into the ground. Its safety features and rugged design were all that kept it from breaking apart on impact.
Shaken and pale, Patterson crawled out through an emergency hatch and stumbled through the wreckage. Panic was getting the best of him. He knew it was Cross who’d shot the transport down with an energy blast, and he knew there was no place to hide. He struggled clear of the wreckage and made a run for it.
“Well if it isn’t Dr. Patterson!” Cross said as if he were surprised.
Patterson froze in terror as Cross walked up behind him and searched for the access card.
“No Cross, please,” Patterson pleaded. “I…I never meant to hurt anyone.” 
Cross didn’t say a word. He just stared at the CEO, whose eyes were locked in horror on Cross palm as it began to charge with energy.
“Cross, no!” Patterson cried. They were the last words the man ever uttered. The blast of energy engulfed him, and he barely had time to scream as his body vanished in the intense heat.
Satisfied, Cross went back to the GTC command center where he found Chip, working frantically to get computer access. “Here, try this,” he said, tossing Chip the access card. “See if you can find what they have on Michael and his clone.”
“Clone?” Chip asked, his stomach suddenly knotting.  
“Yes,” Cross said. “That’s what Michael and Meryl are up against, and if my guess is right, he’s not going to be easy to beat.”
Cross pried the doors to the incubator room open and left. With the access card, Chip was able to view information on anything by simply touching the screen. After several minutes Cross returned with Lizzy, Ric, Alex, and Mason.
2.13

East City had buildings that were taller and more oddly shaped than those in North or West City. While still high in the clouds, Meryl could see it was in trouble. There were plumes of smoke everywhere. She had a feeling that whomever Michael had tangled with was down there.
Below Ash sat like a twisted kid burning insects with a magnifying glass. For him, it was all a game. It tickled him to watch the citizens of East City desperately scrambling to escape from the torment he rained down upon them.
In a sudden swoop, Meryl plucked a young man from the rubble before Ash could roast him with an energy blast. 
“Hey, aren’t you supposed to be somewhere else?” Ash yelled, thinking Meryl was a GTC soldier.
Meryl set the man down and faced the clone.
“Can I help you?” Ash asked, still mistaking her for a comrade. 
“That depends,” Meryl answered. “I’m looking for Michael. Do you know where he is?”
Meryl knew that if Ash knew where Michael’s body was then there was a good chance he was responsible for his death.
“As a matter of fact, I do!” Ash said proudly. “You should be able to find his rotting carcass somewhere in North City. Now isn’t there someplace you need to be?” 
Meryl’s blast exploded against Ash's body.
Though Ash didn’t budge. “That was very stupid,” he said. 
Meryl was quick to react to his counterattack. Compared to Ash she looked like a no-good skinny teen who’d picked the wrong fight with an athlete. She was just lucky enough to be a retired soldier with combat experience on her side.
They levitated, continuing to exchange blows, which had little effect. The smile on Ash’s face was almost patronizing. Whoever this babe was, he admired her aggressiveness. “Maybe I need to turn it up a notch,” he said. This time his charge sent Meryl crashing through several buildings.
She quickly recovered and flew away with Ash giving chase. At the right moment, she fired, sending a towering building crashing down on him. For a few seconds, nothing happened. Then there was a rumbling from beneath the rubble, and Ash emerged. Only he wasn’t the same. Meryl’s heart nearly stopped at the sight of his new form. Ash was a mirror image of Michael in a GTC soldier's fatigues. The only difference was his pitch-black eyes with their purple glowing irises.
“Remind you of someone you know?” Ash asked, even sounding like Michael.
Doubt crept into Meryl’s mind. Even though she knew it was a distraction, the fact that Ash looked and sounded like Michael made her hesitant. Seizing the moment, the clone charged, pummeling her body with direct attacks then hitting her with an energy blast.
Meryl fell to the street below. Ash swooped down on her, rapidly firing energy spheres from his hand. She quickly got to her feet and launched herself straight up into the air, where amidst a seemingly endless barrage of energy blasts, the two superhumans chased one another between the towering skyscrapers. 
Meryl was so focused on trying to blast Ash from the sky that she paid no attention to what he was shooting upwards until an explosion of immense intensity crashed down upon her. Her ears rung with his arrogant laughter.
“I can’t believe you didn’t see that one coming.” Ash taunted.
Meryl charged again, lashing out with a flurry of punches and kicks.
Ash dodged or blocked them and countered with a kick to the back of Meryl’s head that sent her careening face-first into the ground. He landed several feet from her and slowly approached. “You know, you’re actually putting up a better fight than Michael did,” he told her.
The sound that came next was the last thing Meryl wanted to hear.
“Dad!” Ele cried out as she came to a landing behind Ash. “Oh, dad, I’m so glad you’re okay. What’s wrong with mom?”
Meryl quickly stood up. “Ele, I told you to stay home,” she yelled. “Get out of here! That’s not dad!”
Ele looked at her, confused.
Ash chuckled. “This just keeps getting better.” 
“What happened to your eyes?” Ele gasped, suddenly terrified.
“He’s not your father!” Meryl shouted again.
Ash smiled Michael’s gentle smile and held his hand out to the little girl. “Don’t listen to her, Ele. She just looks like mom. She’s really a monster. Come here with me.”
Ele stood firm, her eyes moving rapidly from one to the other. She had never been so scared. She didn’t know who to listen to.
“Ele please,” Meryl pleaded. “He’s not your dad. Just go…” 
“MOM!” cried Ele, as a blast from Ash sent Meryl crashing down the street. She turned to Ash, tears flowing from her eyes. “Why did you do that?”
Ash looked down at her in disgust. “I’m wasting my time,” he said focusing his palm on her. But before he could shoot, he was struck with a blast of energy from Meryl that sent him sailing into a mountain of debris.
Meryl was by her daughter’s side in an instant. “Ele, I told you to stay home,” she said again. 
“Let me help,” Ele said. 
Ash was already beginning to make his way out of the debris.
“No!” Meryl said, pulling Ele behind her. “Stay out of the way!” 
As Ash and Meryl charged each other and slugged it out, Ele knew with certainty that it wasn’t her father Meryl was fighting. Still, even the appearance of her parents fighting like that hurt and unsettled her.
Things seemed even-sided for a minute. Then, Meryl seemed to be slightly overtaken. Ele couldn’t stand to watch anymore. She lobbed an egg-sized energy ball that exploded across Ash’s back like an M-80 firecracker.
Ash knew that the blast had come from the child. It hadn’t really hurt, but it very much annoyed him.
Ash turned, but Ele was gone. She had ducked behind the nearest building, and with utmost caution peeked around the corner. Ash was looking dead at her. A moment later the building she was standing behind blew apart.
The sight of Ele’s little body being carried away by the concussive force of the explosion made Ash laugh. His momentary lapse of attention was all Meryl needed. She slid rapidly around behind him and mercilessly broke his neck.
When Meryl turned back from tossing Ash’s limp body aside, Ele ran into her arms. Her clothes were tattered and small streaks of dirt marked her face. “Where’s dad?” she asked.
Meryl shook her head. “I don’t know, baby,” she played dumb. “But I think he’s…Ele, there’s no easy way to tell you, but I don’t think we’re going to see him again.” 
Ele broke down sobbing as if her heart would break. 
“I’m so sorry, baby,” Meryl whispered, hugging her daughter.
“Oh, mom!” Ele exclaimed pulling away. Meryl didn’t have to turn around to know what her daughter was seeing. Ash was back on his feet, slowly walking toward them with a look of pure hatred on his face.
2.14

“I used GTC’s formula so there should be no defects,” Cross was saying. “You all have your original abilities, with some exceptions. All of you will be able to fly this time, and Mason, do you know what eddies are?”
“I do now.” Mason nodded.
Cross had just finished giving his old friends their powers back. It was easy with the GTC’s excellent facilities.
The huge projection screen pointed out the nearest trouble spot. “Looks like the fight has moved to East City,” Chip said. “Go east as the crow flies and you should run right into it. At top speed, it will only take a few minutes.”
Cross examined a map hanging on the wall. “You heard him,” he said to the others. “That’s probably where Michael and Meryl are. Go! Help them in any way you can, but if things get too hot come back here. We’ll join you as soon as possible.”
Lizzy led the way, followed by Ric, Alex, and Mason. They flew out through the demolished entryway and headed for East City as fast as they could.
“How’s that vial coming?” asked Chip.
Cross went to the incubator room and checked several machines before coming back with an answer. “The energy strand will be ready in a few minutes,” he said. “What about you? Have you found anything useful? Maybe something about that clone we’ll be going up against?”
Chip took a deep breath. “Actually I’ve found a lot. The clone’s name is Ash. It’s GTC’s acronym for Advanced Superhuman Hybrid.”
“Hybrid? Of what?”
“They combined some of Michael’s genes with their own synthetic ones to make…something new. It’s not really a clone. Then again, by the looks of it, even Michael is far gone from being human.”
Perplexed, Cross hustled over to Chip’s console to see what he was talking about. Two DNA strands were being projected. One had Michael’s name on it; Ash’s was on the other. Neither strand looked like it was supposed to. “What in God's name are you looking at?” Cross asked. “It should be a double helix shape with some minor additions here and there.”
“I know,” said Chip. “Michael’s DNA has changed. That would explain why my cure wouldn’t work on him. The GTC termed it ‘adaptive immunity’. I bet the more attacks he’s exposed to, the greater his resistance. And he’s been exposed to a few but this also says it’s some kind of energy booster.”
Cross remembered and said. “Michael was hit by a lightning bolt when he was exposed to the Phoenix Gene right?”
Chip smiled at the thought. “Yeah,” he chuckled. “You should have seen the look on his face when it happened.” 
“Well, that lightning bolt must have seriously altered the Phoenix Gene he’s carrying,” Cross said. “I bet he doesn’t even know he has that particular ability. I always wondered how he was able to take such a beating.”
“Come to think of it,” Chip said. “The last time he was in my apartment, he mentioned that he felt somehow different. I think he may be starting to feel the effects of those changes. He couldn’t put his finger on just what it was, but he definitely mentioned something feeling different inside of him.”
Cross closely examined Michael’s DNA and said. “Jeez. It’ll take years to develop a cure for this. It’s…too complex.”
“That’s going to be another problem,” Chip said. “The thing has at least some of Michael’s adaptive immunity, giving him an extremely resilient body. Although Ash can’t adapt like Michael can, I doubt anything short of total incineration is gonna kill him.”
Cross opened his mouth to comment but was stalled by the lights on the console that were suddenly flashing.
“Whoa. Let’s see what we have here.” Chip said touching the screen in several places. 
A display of two more DNA strands appeared, pushing the two previous ones off to the side. Chip and Cross looked on in amazement.
“What are we looking at?” Cross asked.
Chip pointed at the DNA strand next to Michael’s. “This is Michael’s most recent one. I can’t believe how much it’s changed.”
Cross shook his head. “It’d be impossible to build something like this, let alone figure out what half of it does. I doubt we’ll ever cure Michael. What about the other one?”
“This one belongs to Michael and Meryl’s daughter, Ele,” said Chip.
“Daughter?” Cross was clearly baffled. “But I thought…never mind. She’s even more incredible than he is. How did the GTC get a hold of this?”
“I carried samples of their DNA with me,” Chip told him. “It’s hard to come by these machines nowadays. I had to run it through.”
Cross stared intently at Ele’s DNA strand. “This is incredible.” is all he could manage.
“Only someone born with the Phoenix Gene could have DNA like that,” Cross said when he recovered from his astonishment. “Do you think she can help?”
“No way,” Chip said shaking his head. “She’s just a little girl. Michael worked with her a little, but not as much as he wanted because whenever the subject came up, Meryl had a cow.”
“I wonder how they’re doing,” Cross replied. “Even with the help of my crew, I don’t think it’ll be enough to stop Ash.”
“Come on,” Chip said, clapping him on the shoulder. “He can’t be that hard to beat. Not up against all of us.” 
Among a cluster of mountains, a lightning storm raged across the night sky. Brief flashes of light revealed several small vessels slowly approaching their command ship. General Hayes stood looking out one of many windows in his personal quarters. He had the stern look of a man nothing could bother, but tonight he was bothered plenty. In fact, he almost felt despair at the sense of impending failure. Not many people could comprehend the capabilities of a superhuman, but Hayes knew their strength, speed, and enhanced senses would be almost impossible to overcome.
A woman’s voice spoke from a hidden speaker. “General, you have a priority one transmission from Lieutenant Lobo.”
Hayes sat down at his desk and touched the screen in front of him. “Hayes here. What have you got, Lobo?” 
A live image of Lobo’s head appeared. “We’re closing in on the objective, sir. Spy drones and satellite images detect very little activity. Requesting advice on how to proceed.”
“With extreme caution,” Hayes advised. “There might be a superhuman hiding somewhere and ones all it’ll take before everything goes sour. Don’t take any unnecessary risks. Drop your charges and vaporize everything.”
Lobo could see Hayes had something on his mind and said. “Sir, if I may ask, how is it going?” 
“It looks like we missed the action in North City,” Hayes answered. “Just now the rest of my fleet arrived. We’re moving on to East City. I want you to report directly to me as soon as you’ve completed your mission.”
“Yes, sir,” said Lobo.
“Remember,” Hayes said. “Extreme caution.”
2.15

“So, you think we can take this guy?” Ric asked, flying side-by-side with Lizzy.
“Don’t know,” Lizzy answered. “With six of us, it shouldn’t be that hard. Guess we’ll find out soon enough.”
“You heard Cross,” Alex said. “This Ash guy has a beefed-up energy strand. It’s a suicide mission if you ask me.”
Mason pulled up below Alex. “Well good thing nobody did,” he said. “We hit him fast and hard, and he’ll go down before he knows what’s happening.”
Lizzy slowed to a stop, causing the three men to stop as well. “Listen, guys,” she said. “We’re not going to have any showboating. No one goes toe-to-toe with Ash alone, you got that?” 
The men nodded. But, as typical as men usually are in such situations they were each, in their heads, suffering from some sort of god complex, or superman syndrome. Not hard to understand considering how powerful they knew they were. In fact, they couldn’t have been more confident of themselves!
Ele did her best to stay out of harm’s way.
Meryl was still going strong, but the fight was beginning to seem pointless. Ash’s hits began to sting more and more. He, on the other hand, seemed to have a bottomless well of energy to draw upon. He absorbed punishment like a sponge did water.
“You’re starting to feel it aren’t you?” Ash asked with a grin.
“Don’t flatter yourself,” Meryl said. “I’m just starting to warm up.”
Ash let out a little laugh.
“So where’s the problem?” Lizzy asked, coming up behind Ash.
“You’re looking at it,” Ash answered, firing off an energy blast that knocked her backward.
“Hey,” Alex yelled in anger. “We’re on your side.”
“Yeah, didn’t Cross tell ya?” Mason asked.
“Wait a minute. Michael doesn’t have that ability,” Ric pointed out. “And look at his eyes.”
“He’s not Michael!” said Meryl.
Ash was now between Meryl and Lizzy’s team. “Hmm, five on one? Maybe it’s time for a change,” he said. Then without warning, he levitated several feet into the air. A mysterious breeze began to emanate from him. His body tensed up and his muscles got bigger. He morphed out of his Michael form, and back to his original.
“Please tell me that’s not the guy we’re looking for,” Alex said.
Ash laughed, “I’ll tell you who I am,” he replied. “I’m to you what you are to a pathetic human. Dr. Patterson was a fool to think he ever had control of me. Once I dispose of all who pose a threat, this planet will be mine.”
“Let’s take him down,” Ric said, extending bony spikes from his body. He, Alex, and Mason simultaneously charged at Ash.
Ash waited till they were almost on him, then with precise timing and the speed of a bullet, he grabbed Alex and Mason with his hands and wrapped his long tail around Ric’s neck. He spun, flinging the men away as if they were toys. Alex and Mason slammed into buildings on opposite sides of the street, and Ric hit the pavement in the middle of an intersection. From behind Ash, there came a monstrous roar. Lizzy, in a dragon-like form, hit him with a fire blast from her mouth. Ash didn’t seem fazed. He dashed out of the flames and tackled Lizzy, hardly missing a beat. Alex and Mason chased after them.
Ric got to his feet. “Where’s Michael?” he asked.
Meryl slowly shook her head. “What happened to Chip and Cross?” she asked.
“They’re still at the GTC,” Ric answered. “They’ll be here as soon as they’ve finished another vial for Chip.”
“How long is that going to take?” Meryl asked.
Ric shrugged his shoulders. “I have no idea,” he replied. “But I hope it isn’t long.”
“Where’s this GTC place at?” Meryl asked.
“Near West City,” Ric answered.
Meryl motioned for Ele to come closer.
“Who are they?” Ele wanted to know.
“These people are here to help,” Meryl said. “Ele, listen very closely. You can help, too.”
“Me?” Ele wondered.
“Yes, and it’s very important,” Meryl replied. “We need you to go find Uncle Chip and tell him to get here as soon as he can.”
Ele looked confused. “Where is he?” she asked.
“It’s very easy,” Meryl said, pointing west. “You just have to fly in that direction. You might pass Central City then, after a whole lot of nothing. You’ll see West City. Chip is there. Just remember to not let anyone see you.”
Ele thought for a second. “I can do it!” she finally said.
Meryl smiled. “Then get going.” She wanted to hug and kiss her daughter and tell her how much she loved her, but the soldier in her maintained calm. She didn’t want to scare Ele. All she could do was watch her daughter bravely fly off alone.
“You think she’ll find it?” Ric asked.
“Maybe,” Meryl answered. “She’ll probably get lost, but I don’t care. At least she’ll be safe at least. I just want her far away.”
From the moment Ele reached the outskirts of the city she spotted the train tracks the GTC used for shuttling their employees. It went in the direction her mother had shown her so she figured she’d just follow it and hope it led somewhere.
Ash was proving to be adept at taking on multiple opponents. Lizzy was matching him blow-for-blow, but nothing she did seemed to have much of an impact.
Mason could emit eddies—bits of electricity that rippled through the air with the effect of a concentrated blast of wind. They caught Ash by surprise at first, but by the fourth one, he was shrugging them off as if they were nothing.
Alex, even with a super elastic body, found Ash almost impossible to catch and hold onto.
Lizzy and Mason closed in, assaulting Ash from two sides simultaneously, but even in the face of that, the creature stood his ground, escaping most of their blows by merely dodging. After letting them swing at him a few times he grabbed Lizzy and Mason by their necks and butted their heads together. The bone-crushing impact disoriented them both for several moments.
Ric immediately stepped between his friends and Ash, menacing sharp bones sprouting from his body.
“Those won’t help you,” Ash said, flashing his demonic grin. Ric lunged at him and they locked hands. Ash hardly winced when the spikes impaled his hands.
Ric’s confidence that he had Ash right where he wanted him faded when he felt a slight tingling in both hands.
As Ash drilled energy into his spikes it only got worse, until Ric was unable to do anything but scream in terrible pain.
Meryl tried to get behind Ash and strangle him but found herself being choked by his tail.
After sending Ric sailing backward with a punch square in the face, Ash turned his attention to Meryl, who was struggling with all her might to break free. “Did you think simply outnumbering me would do you any good?” he asked.
Meryl could feel Ash tightening his tail around her neck. He brought his fist back and jackhammered it against her face several times before letting go and sending her skyward with a blast of energy. A moment later he could feel something covering his body.
Before Ash knew what was happening, he was completely engulfed in goop. 
“Gotcha!” Alex exclaimed. His arms were extended several dozen feet out from his body, and his hands had Ash encased in a perfect sphere. “Yo, guys, I got 'im!”
The only people around at that moment were all struggling to get back to their feet and regroup. Alex winced, “Guys, any time now.” He then screamed in terrible pain. The intense aura of pulsating energy that radiated from Ash caused his hands to explode like over-inflated balloons. Alex stared in horrified disbelief as his long arms hung from his body like strands of spaghetti. His superhuman healing ability immediately went to work. There was no blood but the damage was extensive. He stood completely defenseless while he healed.
Ash instantly closed the gap between them, stopping within striking distance. He held up a hand and fired a point-blank blast of energy that blew Alex off his feet.
Meryl landed some distance behind Ash. She held out one hand and began charging it with energy.
Ash turned and slowly began walking towards her. He smiled arrogantly, fearing absolutely nothing.
Meryl kept charging-up energy until Ash was only feet away; then, like a jet engine on full throttle, she released it, engulfing Ash in a blast of energy that was so strong that everything in the street was blown away and a cloud of smoke filled the streets.
It was the strongest blast Meryl could muster. In the back of her mind, she hoped Ash was burnt to a crisp. At least let him be hurt, she thought. But, no. She looked up to see him emerge from the smoke unscathed.
2.16

Lobo and his soldiers closed in on the GTC silently. They were a Special Forces squad with no name. There were four of them, each highly proficient in their role. Their missions went beyond top secret. Officially they didn’t exist. Even their names were fake.
For this particular mission, they wore special desert camouflage fatigues. The squad was equipped with some of the most advanced weapons in the world.
Lobo, the ranking officer, didn’t know about life outside the military. He’d been born, raised, and trained at a military base. That’s what made him General Hayes’ prodigy. 
The support soldier, Tripp, carried the ‘big gun.’ With all their equipment on, soldiers of his class looked like cyborgs. His main weapon wrapped around his arm from the elbow down slightly past his hand. Its intense firepower could blow a tank to bits. In spite of its unwieldy appearance, Tripp handled it with graceful ease.
As the squad’s demolitions expert, Rase carried some very special equipment. Other than his SMG (Submachine Gun), he wore a small mechanical backpack that dispensed bombs, so he simply had to reach under an arm and pull the one that he needed. He carried two types, one triangular and the other spherical, each measuring around three inches.
Sim was by far the most specialized soldier in the unit. As the sniper, he spent lots of time alone scouting or tracking targets. He didn’t carry as much technology as the other members, but he had special equipment his teammates didn’t even know about.
They all wore headsets so they only had to whisper to hear one another.
“Tripp, keep an eye on the perimeter,” Lobo said. “Sim, make a sweep of the main building. Rase, you and me are gonna clear these smaller buildings and set the charges. Once Sim is done we’ll set charges in the main building and blow this whole place sky-high. Let’s move it.”
Tripp began patrolling between the buildings, doing his best to keep a low profile.
As soon as Sim entered the lobby, he went to the main service desk and, using a small hacking device, accessed the computer. There were sensors throughout the building, and with the computer, Sim could scan for any signs of life.
Lobo was doing the same thing in the smaller buildings while Rase was busily setting bombs.
For demolishing buildings, Rase preferred the triangular bombs. They could be placed anywhere on any surface, and as he positioned them, patterns of twinkling red lights assured him they were armed. Once such a bomb was placed, sophisticated technology made it almost impossible to remove. 
Sim had just finished his scans when Lobo and Rase entered. “Sir, I think you should take a look at this,” he said.
Sim brought up a three-dimensional model of the building on the computer. “This is the layout,” he began to explain. “You can see our positions by these red dots.” He then began to press some symbols on the lower side of the screen. “I didn’t see this at first, but there’s another facility underneath this building and it’s just as big.”
“That shouldn’t be a problem,” Rase said.
“The problem,” Sim informed them. “Is that the scans show two people down there.” 
“Can you get a visual?” asked Lobo.
“Let’s see,” Sim said, pressing more symbols. A moment later they were watching Cross and Chip working down in the command center.
“No way,” Lobo said in disbelief. “Everyone hold your position.”
Lobo stepped outside the lobby to call General Hayes. “Sir, everything’s almost set. We’ve also found Cross and one unknown in an underground facility. How do you want us to proceed?”
Cross was watching several monitors that tracked activity in various parts of the world when his incredible hearing began to pick up a radio transmission. He heard the familiar voice of General Hayes issuing orders to capture or kill him, retrieve any data on superhumans, and destroy the GTC facility.
“We’ve got company,” he said to Chip.
“Where?” asked Chip.
“I’m not sure,” Cross answered. “It sounds like the military, and they’re close. Keep working. I’ll deal with them.”
Chip stood up and said. “Cross wait a sec. I know I sound crazy asking you this, but try not to hurt anyone.”
Cross looked at Chip. “Trust me,” he said. “Even back when my crew and I hit Central City, we were careful. The only casualties we caused were against the military, and that was because I thought the GTC was involved.”
As Cross left the room, the machine Chip was so diligently watching began to emit a beeping sound. The vial was ready.
Chip walked over and picked it up when he then heard another sound that stunned him.
“Uncle Chip?” Ele called. She was fast, unbelievably so.
Chip immediately turned around to see his goddaughter floating just under the entryway. “Ele,” he called. “Good God, what are you doing here?” Fear rose in his throat. This could not be good. 
“Tell me,” Chip said, trying to keep his voice calm.
“In East City. M…My mom,” Ele uttered choking back tears. “And daddy…daddy…” her little voice trailed off.
“Are they okay?” Chip asked, an impatient edge to his voice.
“I dunno!” wailed Ele. “Please Uncle Chip! You have to go help my mom or that monster’s gonna get her.”
“What about your dad?” Chip asked.
Tears were the only answer Ele could give, and it was one Chip understood.
Chip sat Ele down in a chair and found a syringe. He took Phoenix Gene from the vial and jabbed the syringe into his heart. The next moment he found himself lying on the ground with Ele staring down at him.
“What happened?” Ele asked.
“Listen carefully,” Chip said getting back to his feet. “I want you to stay here and wait for a man named Cross to come back. Tell him I went to help your mom.”
“You can't leave me here alone,” Ele whined. “I'm a kid!”
Chip kneeled, holding Ele by the shoulders. “Ele, you're one of two or three of the most powerful people on this planet right now. Trust me when I say there's very little anyone can do to hurt you.”
“But…” Ele wondered.
“It’ll be okay,” Chip said, kissing Ele on the forehead. “Really. I’m gonna take care of that monster.” 
2.17

The smoke from countless fires cast a dark cloud over the entirety of North City as it drizzled. The place was completely abandoned. The only bodies to be found were dead.
Michael’s body lay where Meryl had found him. His clothes were dirty and stained with blood, though the rain had washed much of it away. For the amount of blood lost, his skin was not as pale as one would think. And the wound in his chest was no longer visible.
Unless it was utterly and completely destroyed, Michael’s body would heal itself. His eyes slowly opened revealing their blue-green glow, and the first thing that came to his mind was not Ash, but Meryl and Ele. He slowly got back up and looked at the city around him. ‘It looks worse than what happened in Central City!’ He thought. For a moment he examined his chest, wondering how it was possible to recover. He could feel that something was different about him, that there was something he could do now that he couldn’t before. But there was no time to waste. He hovered above the city to get a bearing and then quickly flew off to the only place he could think to go to.
When a person first wakes up a superhuman they are flooded with new instincts that tell them what they’re capable of. It’s not uncommon though for them to not really understand their powers. It is almost like a baby bird that knows it can fly, but it takes some practice. Sometimes a superhuman has to use their abilities for a short while before they really grasp its full potential.
In East City, Mason was starting to get the hang of his new ability to create pulses which Cross described as eddies, but he was beginning to realize that they were much more than that.
Everything was in chaos. As he ran through the streets his heart pounded from the adrenaline. The sound of the battle filled the air. He had no idea where anyone was and even with his senses, it was hard to tell where the battle was taking place. He remembers Lizzy saying, “No one goes toe-to-toe with Ash alone.”
‘Funny!’ Mason thought, as he also remembered how cocky he felt after hearing those words. Now, he was alone and he certainly wished that one of his friends were there to back him up.
Ahead he heard an explosion and saw what looked like Meryl crash from one building into another. At about the same distance down the street, Ash floated into view.
“Ash!” Mason yelled, getting his rather unwanted attention. His body tensed up and the air around him rippled pushing away anything around him. He threw his arms in front of him and unleashed an enormous shockwave. The effect was so devastating from the very moment it left his hands that it made everything around it shatter.
The shockwave hit Ash and sent him flying down the street and crashing into a tall building.
Mason quickly looked around for any sign of his companions. “Lizzy! Ric!” he called out.
Ash blasted his way out of the rubble that covered him, which didn’t go unnoticed by Mason, who was desperately looking for some kind of help.
“Your power is quite impressive,” Ash said. “But, I don’t think it compares to mine.”
Mason began to charge up like he did before, tensing up with ripples in the air emanating outward from him.
Ash held out one hand and began to charge up an energy blast. He fired as soon as Mason unleashed his destructive power. Ash seemed much less affected, now that he had expected it.
Mason’s shockwave destroyed just about everything around it as before, though it did little against Ash’s energy beam coming straight at him. He used his superhuman speed to avoid the blast just in time, but in the next second found Ash coming straight for him.
Now, before Mason had been recruited by Cross, he’d been living on the streets as a bum. The point is - his fighting abilities left a lot to be desired.
Ash easily caught up with Mason and began to smother him with powerful punches and kicks.
At close range, Mason’s powers were useless because of the time he needed to charge a shockwave up.
Lizzy and Ric came from around the corner down the street and raced to rescue Mason. They were almost upon Ash when he then used his tail to grab Mason by the leg and toss him into Ric. Lizzy, still in her hybrid human-dragon form, pursued Ash like a hungry animal.
Even Ash had to be cautious in dealing with Lizzy. She was armed with razor-sharp claws, fangs, and a searing hot breath of fire that could melt metal in seconds. He managed to dodge most of her attacks. The ones that did land didn’t affect him much.
“Mason, are you okay?” Ric asked, setting his friend against an over-turned car.
Mason could barely open his eyes. “Y…you have to…get out. He’s too…We can’t…” After that Mason faded into unconsciousness.
Ric stood up and saw Lizzy being pummeled. He instantly took off, extending sharp spikes of bone from various parts of his body.
Ash dealt one final blow to put Lizzy out. He barely had time to turn when Ric impaled him through the chest with three-foot-long spikes protruding from each of the knuckles on his right hand. Blood spurted from his mouth as he moaned in pain.
Ric increased the length and girth of the spikes causing Ash to growl in pain.
Ash’s eyes dilated, slowly closed and his body went limp.
Ric retracted his spikes, dropping Ash to the ground. He quickly ran to Lizzy and carefully stood her up.
“Lizzy, are you alright? Please, say something.” Ric begged.
Lizzy was slow to come around. She opened her eyes and was terrified to see Ash standing right behind Ric. Before either could react, a small beam of energy pierced through both of them like a bullet.
“Fooooled you!” Ash smiled. He laughed watching Ric and Lizzy collapse side-by-side, barely alive.
“You animal!” Meryl said angrily, seeing what Ash had done.
Ash turned and looked up at her. “What?” he said as if he didn’t know what he’d done wrong.
Meryl charged down at Ash and attacked with her best moves.
Ash easily dodged and countered everything she could throw at him. The entire time he had the most sinister smile on his face as Meryl repeatedly attacked. He loved seeing her try so hard and fail.
After a minute it was obvious to Meryl that she no longer had what it took to stand against Ash. Her strength was nearly gone, her speed wasn’t much faster than that of a normal person and her movements had grown sluggish.
It didn’t take long for Ash to get bored. He grabbed Meryl by the throat and held her in place.
Meryl was so worn out that she wouldn’t have been able to resist Ash if he wanted to crush her neck. So it was a little welcome when he instead decided to toss her in the air and kick her down the street. She hit the ground hard and went skidding to a stop in the middle of the street.
This is it! I’m finished! Meryl thought. She lay motionless, unable to move no matter how hard she tried.
Ash kneeled beside Meryl and caressed her cheek. “You’re probably thinking that I’m going to kill you,” he said, “But, I have decided that you and your friends can live. The world would be such an awfully lonely place if I killed every single person. Since superhumans are my kin I will spare them.”
Meryl could barely open her eyes. “You killed Michael,” she muttered.
Ash smiled, “Ah, Michael,” he replied. “You wouldn’t understand. That was personal.” He then leaned very close to Meryl and sniffed her neck.
“I’ll admit you impressed me,” Ash continued, “I don’t think there are many women like you. That’s why I’m going to give you a place by my side.”
Meryl strained with everything she had to get back up to kill Ash, but the best she could do was squirm slightly.
Ash lightly laughed and stood up. “Make no mistake,” he said, “If you or your friends get in my way again I will show no mercy.”
With nothing else to say or do, Ash simply flew off.
Meryl. Lizzy. Ric. Mason. Alex. All of them were battle-wrecked. They could consider themselves lucky. The injuries Ash inflicted on them were brutal, but not fatal. Until their superhuman healing ability kicked into overdrive, the only thing any of them could do was lay and wait.
2.18

“My battle group is just outside East City,” General Hayes said. “Report back after you complete your mission.”
“Yes, sir,” Lobo said. He quickly collected his radio equipment and turned to head back into the lobby. At first, he didn’t notice Cross floating above just between him and the building. He stopped dead in his tracks thinking he was a goner.
“You need to leave now,” Cross said.
“Sorry, no can do,” Lobo responded. “Turn yourself in Cross. We don’t want to hurt you.”
“Lieutenant Lobo,” Cross replied. “I’m well aware of your plans to capture me and destroy this facility, and I’m afraid I can’t let you do that yet. Now, you and your men need to leave.”
The entire team could hear everything Lobo said through his headset. Sim and Rase stood by in the lobby.
“We already have the entire place rigged with explosives,” said Lobo.
Cross smiled, “I highly doubt you’ll blow the place up with your men still inside.” He said, his eyes glowing menacingly.
Tripp suddenly jumped around the corner and fired his powerful arm cannon. The blast was comparable to a low-grade energy ball from a superhuman, which was still quite powerful. It barely fazed Cross, who hovered in place as Lobo and Tripp ran into the lobby.
“Sir,” Rase said to Lobo, “I need to place several charges in the underground facility if we’re gonna get the job done.” 
“Better get a move on it. He’s coming!” said Tripp.
“Sim,” Lobo called. “We need to get to the command center. Take point.”
The team ran to the back of the building and down a stairwell to the basement.
“I hacked the doors so they’re all open,” Sim said.
“Can you close them?” Lobo asked.
“Sure,” Sim answered, and taking his hacking device, closed each door as they passed. It wasn’t long before the doors began to explode. It was Cross, pursuing them like a killer from a horror movie.
The team took cover behind several counters in a large cafeteria. Rase pulled a spherical bomb from his backpack. Unlike the triangular ones, the round ones didn’t stick. Using a small computer on his forearm, Rase was able to manipulate the bomb’s every movement. It rolled through the doorway and down the hall, coming to a stop several feet from a door the team had just come through. Even if it was out of sight, Rase had equipment that let him see where it was going from the bomb’s perspective.
Cross pried the doors open with his bare hands. He spotted the odd-looking sphere when it slowly began to creep up to him. It came within inches of his foot and exploded with enough force to knock him on his back.
“Let’s move out before he gets back up,” Lobo said. And move they did, with Cross in hot pursuit.
“Keep going. I’ll hold him off.” Tripp said. He turned and fired, destroying everything in front of him.
Under different circumstances, Lobo would never leave a man behind, but this mission was far too important.
Tripp kept firing until everything in front of him was decimated. He moved forward through the thick smoke. A sparse wind-like sound filled the room, causing the smoke to swirl. Tripp quickly put on a visor that allowed him to see.
“Quite a weapon you got there,” Cross said.
Tripp spun around and fired, but there was nobody around.
From out of nowhere, Cross suddenly appeared. He crushed Tripp’s arm cannon with one hand. With his other hand, he grabbed Tripp and threw him against a wall clear across the room. It could have been much worse. If he’d wanted to, Cross could have thrown Tripp so hard that he would have gone splat instead of thud.
“How much farther?” Lobo asked.
Sim answered. “The command center isn’t far. It’s navigating through this maze of corridors that’s the tricky part.”
Rase was at the rear randomly tossing bombs into rooms as they passed. Then, suddenly, the entire corridor began to shake.
“Earthquake?” said Sim.
The team looked and saw the corridor behind them buckle under the stress. Sim immediately set up a small device that spanned the width of the corridor. “Go on ahead, sir,” he said. “It’s just two more levels down and through the northern corridor.”
“Here, take this,” Rase said tossing Lobo a detonator for the bombs.
The device Sim set began to emit a thin barrier between the team and the collapsed corridor.
“I almost forgot,” Sim said, “You’re going to need these disks to copy the information. It’ll probably be on a computer in the command center.”
“Don’t hold this position any longer than absolutely necessary,” Lobo said, reluctantly taking the small disks and running for the nearest stairway.
Rase pat Sim on the shoulder. “Looks like we’ve got company,” he said.
Cross had just entered the long, broken corridor and was walking toward them at a brisk pace.
Sim and Rase aimed and fired. Their bullets passed through the barrier as if it weren’t there, but did little more than slow Cross down. He was doing his best to spare lives, but these jokers didn’t make it easy. Knowing that Lobo was almost at the command center, he fired a small energy blast at Sim’s barrier. The barrier barely withstood the blast, but Sim and Rase began to slowly retreat. They took positions around separate corners and kept pelting Cross with futile gunfire.
Cross fired a much more powerful blast of energy that shorted out the barrier, and as the two soldiers took cover from the debris, wasted no time in firing another blast at the ceiling above them.
Rase was knocked unconscious. The floor under Sim gave out, sending him plummeting to the floor below. When he came to, it took him a moment to realize his legs were trapped under a contorted piece of metal.
Ele, frightened at the sound of the scuffling in the incubator room, went behind a desk and hid.
Lobo ran into the command center and went immediately to the computer. He inserted the disk and began to copy everything on the hard drive. It took only seconds. As soon as the tiny disc popped out he took it and placed it in his pocket.
“Aw, you were so close.” Cross taunted.
Lobo could almost feel Cross breathing down his neck. He drew his pistol, but Cross swatted it out of his hand and pushed him.
Ele peaked over the desk to see what was happening. Cross was pointing two fingers as if they were a gun and charging up a marble-sized sphere of energy. “I won’t ask twice,” he said. “Give me that disk.” 
“You’ll have to kill me for it,” Lobo replied.
The ball of energy at the tip of Cross fingers grew in intensity.
Just when Cross thought Lobo wasn’t going to give him any choice but to kill him, he heard a familiar voice.
“Stop!” said Michael.
“Dad, you’re alive!” Ele squealed, jumping out from her hiding place and flying into his arms.
Cross dissipated his ball of energy, doing a double-take at the little girl Michael was holding. “We can’t allow anyone to get their hands on that information,” he said.
Giving Cross a quick wink, Michael walked over to Lobo and said, “My friend here is a little stubborn,” he said. “Why don’t you do yourself a favor and give him what he wants so we can let you go?”
Lobo hesitated. Then seeing the hopelessness of his situation, he calmly pulled the small disk from his pocket and gave it to Cross, who promptly incinerated it. “There, that wasn’t so hard now was it?” he mocked. “Now you can go.”
And with a final angry stare, Lobo did just that.
“So where’s Chip?” Michael asked.
“Good question,” said Cross looking around.
“He went to help Mom,” Ele told them.
“Then we better be on our way,” Michael said. “Do either of you know where they are?” Then to Cross, “By the way, this is my daughter, Ele.”
“If they’re still alive, they should be in East City according to these monitors,” Cross told him. He then began to charge his hand up with energy. “Wait outside for a second. There’s something I need to do.”
Michael and Ele left the command center and hovered outside the large entryway as Cross fired swaths of destruction throughout the bunker. It took less than a minute for him to systematically destroy every piece of equipment in the enormous room. 
“Happy?” Michael asked as Cross joined them outside.
“Very,” Cross answered.
Michael, Ele, and Cross then flew off.
Meanwhile, Lobo and Tripp helped their teammates into the transport. “Get us out of here,” Lobo said to Tripp as he sat down and called General Hayes.
“Cross escaped. Bombs are in place…” he reported, reaching into his pocket and pulling out a disk. “I have the information you requested.”
“Very well. Report back to base and wait for me there. We’re about to engage an unidentified creature.”
“Yes, sir. Good luck.” Lobo said.
As the transport lifted off the ground and headed back to base, Rase handed the detonator to Lobo. “Care to do the honors?” he asked. A moment later, every single facility back at the GTC violently exploded, sending out shockwaves that shook the ground for miles around. The smaller buildings were utterly destroyed. The main building, with its foundation gone, collapsed in on itself.
2.19

Not far from East City, Ash hovered in place watching General Hayes’ mighty fleet on the horizon. “Toys.” he smiled.
“Give me a visual on the creature,” Hayes said. A large view-screen at the front of the room turned on. “Magnify,” he ordered. The screen zoomed in, displaying a clear picture of Ash.
“Sir, all ships report that they are in place and have a lock on the target,” Corey said.
Hayes then went on the intercom. “This is General Hayes,” he said. “All medical and transport ships: Disengage from the fleet and stand by.”
General Hayes’ First officer leaned toward him and whispered. “Sir, that’s a rather unorthodox order, knowing what that thing out there is capable of.”
“That’s exactly why I’ve given that order,” Hayes whispered back. “I’m trying to save lives here.”
“Sir,” Corey called. “Medical transports are leaving the area.”
Hayes continued to watch Ash on the screen. “All ships, fire!” he said, and the monitor in front of him flashed with a barrage of cannon and missile fire.
Ash floated in place, allowing the fleet to take their best shot at him.
“Direct hit,” Corey reported.
“Don’t stop firing,” Hayes ordered. “Tell all ships to keep shooting until I say otherwise.”
The area where Ash had been was now a growing cloud of smoke punctuated by explosions. Hayes watched his fleet unload enough firepower to level a city. Past experience had taught him never to underestimate a superhuman.
“Ceasefire.” Hayes finally said. After a moment of silence, he nervously leaned forward in anticipation of…something.
The thick cloud of smoke obscured everything inside it. It was so big, a weather satellite could have easily mistaken it for a storm. Time passed and rays of light began to poke through. For a peaceful, quiet moment, it seemed to be over.
“I think we did it,” Corey said.
Hayes wasn’t so sure. His instincts told him something different, and sure enough, the rays of light coming from the cloud of smoke were beginning to look funny. “All hands, brace for impact!” he yelled.
The Valley Forge shook violently, though being a large ship with heavy armor, it was, for the most part, able to withstand the punishment. Other ships in the fleet were not as lucky. 
“Damage report!” Hayes barked.
“We’re holding,” Corey answered. “Multiple minor breaches in the hull.”
“What about the fleet?” Hayes asked.
Corey monitored his station. “Sir, the Hellion is going down.” Then in a voice not totally devoid of panic. “Sir, that thing is coming straight for us!” 
General Hayes sat back in his chair. “Inform the fleet to fall back,” he ordered. “Tactical, see if you can lock onto that thing and kill it.” 
The navigation officer turned to Hayes expecting to hear an order. After a moment he finally asked. “Sir, should we fall back as well?”
Hayes looked at him. “Plot a course to follow the last one that turns about.” 
Relieved that they weren’t going to commit suicide, the crew diligently went back to work.
Meanwhile, Ash was easily dodging any attack the fleet could dish out. He flew up along the side of one ship cutting a huge gash from bow to stern with an energy beam. He threw an energy ball that punched a hole through the hull of another. A second later, a huge explosion from within ripped the vessel in half.
“The Warchild and Tsunami are going down,” Corey reported.
The tactical officer banged his fist against the console in frustration. “I can’t even get a lock on that thing, sir, and we’re taking more stray shots than enemy fire.” 
Hayes spoke over the radio: “This General Hayes to all ships. Initiate landing sequence.”
“Sir, we have to get out of here.” the First Officer said.
“Where are we going to go?” Hayes barked, “That thing will pick us off one by one if we stay airborne.”
Most of the fleet actually managed to land without much trouble, though few had escaped sustaining some damage. Once on the ground, soldiers ran out and formed defensive perimeters around their respective ships as Ash hovered overhead.
“Corey,” Hayes called, “Tell everyone to hold their fire.”
“Yes, sir,” said Corey.
The size of the Valley Forge caught Ash’s attention. He aimed it and fired an energy blast. A piece on the ship’s topside sheered away on impact.
“We’re sitting ducks.” the first officer said.
“Tactical, do we have a lock?” Hayes asked.
“Yes, sir!” the man answered.
“Well then?” Hayes replied.
Every ship and soldier then fired on Ash. It still wasn’t enough to get him. Ash easily darted out of the way. Holding both hands out to his sides, he rapidly dropped what seemed like a hundred baseball-sized energy blasts on the fleet below. Soldiers scrambled to take cover back inside their ships.
General Hayes humbly sat in his command chair. Even as his mighty ship shook from the blasts, he sat quietly watching Ash on the view-screen. This was the second time he’d faced a superhuman, and like before, he had no choice but to concede defeat. The only difference was this time there was nowhere to run.
Ash halted his rain of destruction. He could see the Valley Forge was barely holding together. With a sinister smile, he quickly charged up an energy blast the size of a softball. “This should finish it,” he said.
The crew of the Valley Forge could do nothing but watch helplessly as the ball of energy fell straight for them like a rock.
“Bye!” Ash laughed.
But his laughter was cut short though when another energy blast collided with his causing it to explode harmlessly in midair.
Ash was dumbfounded. Then off in the distance, he spotted what was obviously another superhuman.
Within a heartbeat, Chip was within arms reach. He didn’t bother to say anything. The look on his face said it for him. The gunfire and explosions had drawn his attention to the location.
Ash smiled. Something told him that his next fight was going to be unlike any he’d fought before.
2.20

“So let me guess. You’re a friend of Michael’s, am I right?” Ash asked. “Hmm…yup, I killed him. Guilty as charged. So what are you going to do about it?”
Chip knew he was no match for Ash in hand-to-hand combat so he darted away and fired a volley of energy blasts, which Ash avoided by moving side-to-side. 
“Impressive, but do you think you can keep up with me?” Ash taunted.
Chip gave chase, firing one blast after another. Ash twirled through the sky dodging each one. They looked like two fighter jets locked in a dogfight.
Back at the fleet, General Hayes stepped out from his ship and watched the explosions from the superhumans’ fight become more and more distant. “Radio the medics to get down here right now,” Hayes ordered. 
“Sir!” Corey’s voice said over the radio. “A priority call just came from the World Security Council. They want you to report in person at their headquarters.” 
General Hayes went back to his quarters and called Lobo.
“We saw what happened, sir,” Lobo asked. “I can arrive with reinforcements…”
“No need,” Hayes said wearily. “The Security Council has asked for me. Come pick me up, and bring the disk with you.”
Michael, Cross, and Ele flew at top speed. They could see no signs of fighting below, though East City lay in ruins.
Cross mumbled to himself as he looked at the devastation.
“What’s wrong?” Michael asked.
“Chip,” Cross answered. “He shouldn’t have left. I had a plan on how to take Ash out. If Chip’s gone gung-ho, then I don’t know if it’ll work.”
“What did you have in mind?”
“Simple. Two superhumans with my abilities might be able to beat him. I’m sure if we hit Ash with an energy blast that’s powerful enough, it’ll kill him. But you don’t have that ability so I don’t what we’re going to do.”
Michael thought for a moment. “What if you hit Ash with everything you had? Do you think that would do it?”
“I honestly don’t know,” Cross answered. “Besides, we’d have to get him to stay still.”
“I could take care of that,” Michael replied.
“Trust me when I say the blast would almost certainly kill you,” said Cross.
Michael smiled a little mischievously. “I wouldn’t worry about that. I’ve got a new trick. Hey, is it me or are those explosions over there?”
Some distance away.
A path of fire and explosions raced across a barren landscape, carving large gashes in the earth. At its center, Chip and Ash bombarded each other with countless blasts of energy. They spun, twirled, and strafed around one another. Neither of them attempted to attack the other directly.
Ash actually seemed to be enjoying the chase. He didn’t shoot as much, but when he did, it was only to throw Chip off for a second or two. Eventually, Chip began to slow down. Suddenly fatigue was engulfing him, but still, he chased. Ash noticed and landed on a large mesa, knowing that Chip would see a chance to get at him and expend further energy.
Chip threw spheres of energy like they were baseballs, ignoring the fact that he was recklessly exhausting his life force. It was becoming clear that even if he gave it everything he had, it wouldn’t be enough. The mesa lit up with explosions. Ash stood his ground. Chip threw and threw until he could throw no more. He landed at the edge of the mesa completely out of breath. Sweat rolled down his face like raindrops, and his body felt like it was on fire.
“Oh no. What did I do?” Chip whispered.
“Where did you think that energy came from,” Ash said. “You don’t just conjure it up out of nothing. Why do you think I was going so easy on you?”
Only then did it dawn on Chip that he had been so clouded with thoughts of revenge that he never sensed the draining of his energy.
Ash laughed. “I hope you don’t mind, but I must be on my way. Give my regards to Michael,” he said, throwing a final blast.
Chip, seeing only one way to avoid the oncoming attack, turned to leap over the edge of the mesa. His weary eyes closed as he prayed that his resilient body would be able to withstand the impact of hitting the ground. To his surprise, the impact never came. Instead, he felt himself scooped up in a pair of strong arms.
“Hey, are you alive there?” Michael asked.
“Figures you’d show up,” he whispered with as much of a grin as he could muster. Then everything went black. 
Michael set his friend down. “Watch him,” he said to Ele.
“Let’s finish this,” said Cross, and together they flew to the top of the mesa just in time to see Ash flying away.
“Wish me luck,” Michael said, taking off. He flew right in front of the startled Ash, bringing him to a stop.
“What is this, some kind of trick?” Ash asked. 
“Nope, I’m quite real,” Michael answered. “Want proof? Hit me with your best shot.”
“If you say so.” Ash smiled as he charged up a small ball of energy and casually tossed it at Michael. With one hand, Michael caught it and threw it back hard.
Ash was completely unprepared as his own energy exploded in his face. “That’s impossible!” he bellowed. “How’d you do that?”
“That was your best shot?” Now it was Michael who was doing the mocking.
“You can’t be immortal,” Ash growled. “It’s impossible! You’re dead, I killed you!”
Michael chuckled saying. “I know, but you see I have this habit of coming back from the dead.” 
“It just wasn’t strong enough, that’s all,” Ash said, quickly charging up a basketball-sized energy blast. “Eat this!” 
With an almost casual movement, Michael backhanded the energy blast, sending it off to the side. It quickly lost altitude and exploded on the ground.
“Incredible!” the amazed Cross whispered to himself. It seemed like just the day before he and Michael had been fighting each other for the future of mankind. Now once again, there they were, only this time they were fighting together to save it.
2.21

 “It’s impossible, YOU’RE DEAD!” Ash cried out, firing off energy blasts at an insane speed.
Michael had to use both hands to deflect them, but to the astounded Ash, it still seemed almost effortless.
After several seconds, Ash just couldn’t stand it anymore. He charged full throttle at Michael. The collision sent both men hurtling through the air. They crashed into the side of another large mesa so hard that it caused a huge crack to appear.
Ash backed up, grabbed Michael, and repeatedly slammed him against the rock. Finally, he stopped to charge up another energy blast.
That was when Meryl grabbed him from behind. “Let’s see how you like it!” she said, smashing Ash against the mesa.
“Meryl, get out of here,” Michael said, climbing out of the rock.
Before Meryl could respond, Ash had broken free and was upon them, introducing his elbows to their noses.
Unfazed, Michael snatched him by the tail and plummeted. Just before he was about to hit the ground, he stopped and released his grip, causing Ash to hit with the force of an earthquake.
Without missing a beat, Meryl fell from the sky, knee-dropping Ash on his midsection. Then she stomped on his head, twisting her foot for good measure. Her attack was so violent, Michael, watching from above, winced.
Ash had never been so angry. He grabbed Meryl’s ankle and crushed it. Even with her superhuman healing ability, it hurt like crazy.
Michael swooped down and grabbed the muscular tail, trying to pull away, but with a sharp flick, Ash sent him careening into Meryl.
Ash then got back to his feet and used his tail to snare Michael by the neck. Straining with all of his might, Michael grabbed Ash by the neck with both hands and carried the two of them into the air.
It was what Cross had been waiting for. He aimed with both hands and began to charge them up with energy. It had to be fast, and he had to give it everything he had in one shot. After several seconds his arms began to burn. When he could hold it no more, he launched an energy blast the size of a large beach ball.
By the time Ash noticed it coming, it was too late. The impact blew him and Michael in opposite directions. Ash cried out in pain. The torrent of energy was beyond anything he’d ever experienced, and it ate at him until his glittery blood was seeping through his dissolving body.
Michael spiraled uncontrollably. When he finally hit the ground and the blast dissipated, smoke could be seen coming off his numb body. He found himself unable to talk or open his eyes. 
Ele stood behind Cross. “Is it over?” she asked.
“I sure hope so,” Cross answered, falling to his knees.
Chip woke back up as Lizzy, Ric, and Mason landed on the mesa.
Ric was carrying Alex. “That guy messed him up pretty bad,” he told Cross. “But I think he’ll pull through as soon as his arms grow back.” 
The sound of wind filled the air. Meryl lay on the ground barely alive. She opened her eyes and saw Michael lying next to her.
“Hey, why don’t you go check on your mom and dad?” Cross said to Ele.
Ele hopped off the edge of the mesa and floated down to her parents. “Mom,” she cried, “Are you okay?” But all Meryl could do was moan. Then: “Dad, hey dad!” Michael lay still as a rock. Ele knelt down and shook him. “Dad, get up,” she said.
The little girl’s horror at seeing her parents so wounded was punctuated by a faint sinister laugh. She was shocked to see Ash standing off in the distance. He looked as though he’d been thrown into a grinder. Parts of him were missing and he was bleeding profusely, but he was there.
The insane laughter continued. “I don’t believe it,” he said. “I guess I’m just lucky.” His eyes and blood began to glow intensely, and in the next instant, the parts of him that were missing began to regenerate. Within moments, he was completely healed and had swooped down within a few feet of Ele and her parents.
“So you’re not as invulnerable as I thought,” Ash said, looking at Michael. Then he turned to Ele. “Hey kid, since I’m in such a good mood I’ll give you the option of getting out of the way before I blow your parents to pieces.”
Ele clenched her fists. “You leave my parents alone!” she said.
Ash laughed saying. “Or else what?”
“You’ll be sorry,” Ele said. Her eyes began to faintly glow blue-green.
Ash laughed even more insane. “Give me a break. What are you going to—” Ele suddenly rammed her foot into his stomach.
Ash cradled his midsection in pain muttering, “Y…You little…” He didn’t expect her to move when she did, and her speed was amazing.
“Leave us alone!” Ele said.
“I don’t believe it,” said Lizzy. “That little girl hurt him. I mean she actually hurt him. Nothing we did seem to even affect that guy.”
After a few seconds, Ash composed himself. “You caught me off guard,” he said. “Now you can join your parents.” He raised his hand to fire a blast of energy.
Ele charged in and punched Ash square in the nose.
Ash went reeling backward in pain. “All right, that’s it,” he said. “You want a piece of me?” He charged after Ele, doing his best to grab her with his tail, but she effortlessly darted out of the way. Ash chased after her, kicking up a storm of dust as he pummeled the ground and boulders trying to get at Ele. Even he was impressed. “What do you say we take this upstairs?” he taunted, hoping to regain the advantage. Ash then flew several hundred feet into the air and waited. Ele disappeared, apparently into nothingness, then reappeared in the sky in front of him. 
“Is it me or are my eyes having trouble keeping up with that girl,” Cross said.
“I think we’re all having trouble keeping up with her,” Chip added.
Ele easily dodged all of Ash’s punches and kicks. The clone was growing increasingly frustrated. No matter how fast he tried, he couldn’t hit Ele. He had to use every trick in the book just to land a single kick, which she blocked. Finally, there was an opening, and he loosed a punch that struck her full in the face.
Ele’s reaction was like that of being hit hard with a pillow. She looked at the astonished Ash and swiftly drove her fist into his midsection. Relentlessly she pressed on, swinging and kicking until Ash, able to take no more, “Wait!” he begged. 
Ele halted her attack.
“I have a proposal,” Ash said. “It is a challenge! Do you accept?”
“What is it?” Ele asked.
“Simple, let’s see who has a greater output of energy. The rules are that we both charge a blast of energy at the same time. Then we throw them at each other. Whoever has the most power and can do it the fastest is obviously going to win. So what do you say?”
“You’re on,” Ele said.
They dove to the ground and stood facing one another many yards apart. They raised their hands and began to charge up. Ash’s sphere grew larger by the second.
Ele’s didn’t seem to grow as fast, though it appeared to be more intense.
Finally, when Ash’s sphere was the size of a car, he smiled at Ele and flung it. But, he didn’t throw it at her.
Ele was horrified to see the large sphere of energy heading straight for her parents. There was no time to think. She released her hold of her incredible energy and raced to intercept Ash’s.
Ash laughed in arrogance. He knew that Ele would protect her parents rather than finish him off.
Ele knew she only had enough time to carry one of her parents to safety, which was no time at all. Faced with the impossible choice, she placed herself in front of the blast. When it hit, she did her best to absorb as much of it as possible. When the explosion finally subsided, the little girl fell to the ground.
“I can’t believe you did that,” Ash said. “This is just too good. All of the cookies are in one basket.” He landed and moved farther away from where Michael, Meryl, and Ele lay. “Now I’ll show you my true power,” he said, raising his hands and charging another energy blast. He took his time, letting it grow. After almost a minute it was the size of a large house. Ash’s legs almost buckled beneath him as he attempted to wield the mass of energy. He had to use all of his strength to launch it. 
“Ele, get out of the way!” Chip yelled.
Ele slowly stood back up and saw what looked like a rising sun coming straight for her. She would not abandon her parents. Her unrelenting desire to protect them fueled her rage.
Ash watched in joy, savoring his moment of triumph.
Ele leaped into the air, centering herself with the oncoming blast. It was more than halfway to her when she began to charge up one of her own. Her energy glowed with a hundred times more intensity. She waited until the last moment and fired with everything she had.
Ash’s ball of energy slowed to a stop, and as Ele fed it with her own energy, it quickly began to accelerate in the opposite direction.
Generating the blast had seriously weakened Ash, and he grimaced in his vain attempt to block it. All he could do was fall to his knees, weakly holding his arms out in front.
When the sphere of energy hit, Ash’s howl was unlike anything anyone had ever heard. There was no immediate explosion. The ball of energy just kept going, taking Ash with it until he was no more than a smear in the haze of energy. His deep roar changed into a high-pitched cry, and slowly, his body dissolved into nothingness.
After several seconds, a tremendous explosion light lit up the entire sky with a thunderous sound, like a nuclear bomb had gone off. The aftershock was so great, Cross and the others had to stand firm to keep themselves from being blown over.
When it was all over, and everything settled down, everyone on the mesa stared in disbelief. No one knew what to say. They had just witnessed what they had begun to believe impossible – the defeat of Ash, and at the hands of a little girl.
Michael sat up. “Ele,” he called weakly.
Ele landed next to her father. “Dad, are you okay?” she asked.
“Yeah, thanks to you,” Michael said.
Then Meryl also sat up and looked at her daughter. “Way to go.” she smiled. Ele ran and hugged her.
Everyone on the mesa flew down and joined them. 
“That was incredible,” Cross said.
“No kidding,” Chip added. “Ele, you were amazing!”
Ric helped Michael to his feet. “That chump got what he deserved,” he said.
For several moments, the air rang with laughter as they joked, clapped one another on the back, and sang Ele’s praises.
Finally, Lizzy reeled them in with the voice of practicality. “We’d better find someplace to hide for a while,” she said. “Someone might be watching us.”
2.22

Michael and the others found a quiet spot in a nearby forest. It was a little opening next to a river, and away from the rest of the chaos in the world. The forest was a little isolated so there was no one else around.
Alex lay on the ground with Cross and Chip looking after him. He was still very weak and barely moving. His arms were almost completely healed. The only thing left were parts of his hands. “Oh…man...” he moaned.
“Relax,” Cross said, placing his hand on Alex’s chest. “You’re going to be alright.”
“These powers are amazing,” Chip said. “In a few minutes, his hands will be completely healed as if nothing happened to them.”
“Yeah,” Cross nodded. “Too bad the memory of the pain doesn’t heal.”
“Cross, how did you ever stumble onto something like this?” Chip asked.
“Pure luck, if you can call it that,” Cross answered. “I can’t give you a straight answer because I never really figured it out. The GTC had been working on something like the Phoenix Gene for a long time, but they only had bits and pieces. I just came along and put everything together.”
“So you stole it?” Chip asked.
“Not really,” Cross replied. “You see, the GTC was looking to create something that would turn an ordinary person into an Olympic athlete. They were using all kinds of methods to strengthen the human DNA. One method they were trying was to bombard the DNA with radiation, but the results were always so poor they gave up on it. I took my own DNA and hit it with multiple kinds of radiation in a specific order, just to see what would happen. I did it over and over with different results until I finally got it. But what I got was far beyond what the GTC had hoped for.”
“Why didn’t you just destroy all the information?” asked Chip.
“Believe me, that was my first thought,” Cross said. “But Patterson saw my results. From that point on no matter what I did, the GTC would have eventually figured it out. As for what I’ve done since all I can say is I have no regrets.”
Ric and Mason walked the area to make sure no one stumbled onto the group.
“I can’t believe we’re still alive after that,” Mason said.
“I know what you mean,” Ric replied. “I can’t get over how strong that thing was, and it’s harder to believe that little girl is even stronger.”
“It’s weird,” Mason said. “This whole thing brings back memories. It seems like only yesterday we were fighting against Michael, and now all any of us have is each other.”
Ric chopped some foliage away with his scythe-like claws saying. “Yeah, we’re gonna have to watch each other’s backs from now on. I can tell you one thing for sure – there’s no way I’ll ever be taken alive to go back in a cell.”
“Count me in on that,” Mason said. “Just between you and me. What do you think Cross will do now?”
“I wish I knew,” Ric answered. “I just hope we stay together. That’s the only way we're going to survive this war.”
“What war?” Mason asked.
Ric stopped and faced Mason. “You know what I’m talking about,” He responded. “Right now there are hundreds of superhumans all over the world causing trouble. What we tried to stop a long time ago is happening right now.”
Lizzy sat down by Ele near a tree.
“Hey there,” said Lizzy. “How are you?”
“I’m okay,” Ele answered.
“You’re a very brave girl for doing what you did,” Lizzy said.
Ele smiled and replied. “I love my parents a lot. It was like something inside me snapped. I just couldn’t let anything bad happen to them.”
“How did you get your powers?” Lizzy asked.
“I was born with them,” Ele answered. “Why, weren’t you?”
Lizzy shook her head. “Nope, I had to get mine from a shot.”
Ele cringed. “That stinks,” she said. “But it’s cool that you can turn into things. I really wish I could do that.”
Lizzy laughed lightly. “Well, we're all glad you have the powers you have,” she said. “None of us were able to stop that monster. You saved everyone. I’ll bet your parents are really proud of you.”
Ele smiled and said something Lizzy would never forget. “Thanks for helping my mom and dad. I bet your parents would be really proud of you too.”
Michael and Meryl stood by each other staring at a small stream. Both, like the rest, were thinking of what was happening throughout the world and what to do next.
“What do you think is going on out there?” Meryl asked.
“More than we can handle,” Michael answered.
Meryl looked worried and said. “We’re just going to sit here and let whatever happens happen?”
Michael was quiet for a moment and then said. “I don’t think we can help the world with this one.”
It was a somber thought. Meryl held Michael’s hand and leaned against him. “We can never go back, can we?” she asked.
Michael hated the thought of never being able to take Meryl out like he use to and do the things they loved. It hurt knowing that he wouldn’t be able to drive Ele to school or see her graduate. It saddened him to answer. “No.”
The WSC’s headquarters was a quieter place than usual. Hayes and Lobo walked side-by-side in its dimly lit halls.
“So what do you think they're going to do to us?” Lobo asked. “Demotion?”
“They’re probably going to execute us.” Hayes joked though he sounded serious.
At one end of the hall, a large set of doors slowly opened. The shadowy figure of a woman approached them. “The Security Council has voted unanimously,” she said, handing Hayes a small disk. “The Helix Project has been activated. Take whatever you need. Just get rid of them.”
3.1

Humans have come a long way since their origins as a monkey. From living in trees to constructing and living in large cities. Speaking in grunts and shrieks, to highly complex and advanced forms of communication. From being able to use only what the land offered, to developing the tools that allowed for effective hunting and farming.
There is a theory, the replacement hypothesis, which says early populations of modern humans, from Africa, migrated to other regions of the world and entirely replaced the existing populations of archaic humans. Archaic humans included the Neanderthals, Homo erectus, and other hominids.
It is called survival of the fittest, or natural selection. Yet even when conditions were harsh for early humans, they had the ability to adapt to any environment nature could throw at them.
The early modern humans had unprecedented cognitive abilities when compared to the other hominids of their time. Nothing could compete against them. Being as capable as they were, they must have seemed to have come from nowhere. Anything the competition could do; they could do faster and better. In the end, maybe unintentionally, modern humans caused the extinction of all the other human species.
Since that time they have dominated the earth. For whatever reason, nature has favored humans. Even the millions of other species of animals on the planet would not last long in a direct struggle with them.
So what does evolution have in store for humans? It may be impossible to tell, and no one may ever know. Advances in technology have allowed humans that would normally die at birth to survive at higher rates. When those humans reproduce, they spread their defective genes into the rest of the population. These harmful mutations can only accumulate over the years from generation to generation. People nowadays are born with more defects in their genes than ever before.
Then, on the other hand, technology has brought about advances in the science of genetics. Genetic engineering and gene therapy is science’s way of combating defective genes and curing certain diseases. So you can guess that one day everyone may be born a hideous mutant that needs extensive gene therapy.
Several years ago, with the aid of technology, one man was able to explore mankind’s evolutionary potential. He figured out how to push the human DNA to its very limit. It came in a little vial with a glowing blue liquid he called the Phoenix Gene.
A superhuman may represent the apex of human evolution. Their DNA is modified to greatly exaggerate abilities normal humans already possess in one way or another. Their eyes can sort of fade things out to see through them, or see in the dark. They can hear things no one else can hear. Their strength is almost beyond measure. They can move so fast they seem to disappear from one spot and appear in another. There are a few that possess abilities that seem too inhuman to have ever been a part of human DNA.
The news of superhumans rampaging through a city was like Orson Welles’ broadcast of War of the Worlds.
Most people don’t know how close their lives might have changed for the worse that day. The superhumans seemed to go away leaving a few witnesses and the ruined city as evidence of their existence.
Years later the superhumans would reappear. Only this time it was an army of superhumans that descended upon the world. They seemed to come from nowhere, causing death and destruction. That day everyone’s life changed.
It has been three years since that day.
Now, a superhuman, alone and in the dark, was lost in a field of tall grass. He could see the tree line not much farther away. He’ll be safe - if only he could get to them he thinks. His faintly lit eyes, a blue-green hue, allow him to see perfectly in the night. Looking up he saw the mysterious auroras, shimmering curtains of light in the sky. He’d like to be able to touch them, but for a reason unknown to him he’d lost his ability to fly.
He was so tired from running, and anyone who’s had the misfortune to face-off against a superhuman would tell you that’s a rare sight. Small wounds on his body were another sign of his exhaustion. He could hear the ‘monsters’ behind him, getting closer.
It was a pitiful sight as he stumbled and fell to the ground. He struggled hard to get back up knowing the monsters were almost on top of him. He shook so badly he barely stood before falling back down to his knees. Not being able to go on anymore, tears welled up in his eyes. 
The monsters were right behind him. He didn’t look back though, he didn’t want to. He didn’t want to see their glowing red eyes staring back at him. Instead, he looked up to the sky, to the beautiful luminous auroras, to the last thing he will ever see.

3.2

Alpine Forest was a vast, dense, and remote area. A piece of earth mostly left untouched by man and a perfect place to hide for someone who didn’t want to be found. Left untouched mainly because it’s inaccessible to most forms of transportation. With plenty of animals for eating, streams to drink from, and caves to live in – it would be easy for someone to live there indefinitely.
One thing you’d notice looking down from the sky was that the forest was surrounded by mountains. Beyond those mountains were more mountains, making a journey through them treacherous. That was what guarded the forest for so long.
The trees were redwood-type. From the ground, they seemed to stretch forever into the sky. It’d take dozens of people to form a human chain around some of them. Shrubs lay all over the place with a variety of foliage, flowers, fruits, and fragrances.
Most of the animals in the area were harmless with wolves being at the top of the food chain. A person could see countless numbers of different animals and still probably never see all of them.
The lifeblood of the forest was the numerous streams of water that ran through it. It was the reason why the plants and animals flourished. There was one river that ran about halfway in and became a very large waterfall.
Caves were a common sight. When you entered one it was like entering another world. The sights, sounds, and smells were all different. Some were vast interconnected subterranean systems with many chambers. And these could have many outlets to the surface. They were great for shelter when it rained or snowed. In many of these, a little light somehow managed to illuminate them through cracks in the surface of the earth.
Inside one of the caverns, two superhumans stalked each other. One, Meryl, trod lightly on an overpass. She was clearly exhausted. For a superhuman of her type, that was unusual. Her DNA had an energy trait that most superhumans didn’t. Superhumans that didn’t possess this trait were considered “ordinary” superhumans, but there were a few exceptions.
The large cavern was dimly lit. She used her enhanced vision to see in the dark. Left and right she looked, trying to spot her target. All she could hear was the eerie dripping noise that’s common in caverns where underground streams or pools of water are found.
The overpass she stood on wasn’t anything spectacular either. It was a few feet from one side to the other and a hop down to the ground. High above her was an opening to the outside just big enough for a person to fit through.
Meryl’s nerves were on edge. She had to find the other superhuman first! In the middle of the overpass, she studied her surroundings more. All she could see is rock and a tunnel going further into the cavern. A chilling draft blew against her back making the hairs on her neck stand up. Something told her she was in trouble. She quickly turned around and found herself face-to-face with the other superhuman, Michael.
Michael was more unusual than any other superhuman. What made him different was the way the Phoenix Gene affected him. Aside from the abilities he’d have received anyway, he gained a very unique ability to physically adapt to anything. It is not a quick and easy process; on the contrary, it takes time and much pain on his part. He doesn’t necessarily become stronger. Simply, he becomes more and more resistant to whatever may or had caused him harm. Resistance to the energy blasts that superhumans like Meryl can create was just one adaptation he had developed. He also could boost his energy in a way that was similar to recharging a battery.
This isn’t the first time Michael and Meryl have fought. It is the first time, in a long time he had managed to sneak up on her. Now that he had caught her by surprise he was quite glad of the advantage he had. He knocked Meryl off the overpass with a hard backhanded swing, which she was barely able to deflect with her arm.
The quick drop didn’t give Meryl any time to orient herself before she landed on her back. She was a little surprised and angry to think that maybe she was slipping up. After all, she was a trained soldier. Michael slowly floated down to meet her as she got back to her feet.
Neither wasted time as they attacked and counterattacked each other. They looked at each other and could tell the other was tired.
Meryl could only see one way out of the struggle. So, when the chance came she kicked Michael hard in the ‘family jewels’.
Michael immediately keeled over in pain. “Oh god! No hitting in the privates…remember?” he said, sounding totally out of breath.
Meryl grabbed hold of Michael’s arm. “Sorry honey, but all is fair in love and war,” she said. With a quick powerful fling of her arm, she sent Michael sailing through the opening in the ceiling.
For Michael, the kick probably wouldn’t have hurt as much if he weren’t so worn down. He landed on the ground with a hard thud, still holding himself in agony. Fortunately, his superhuman healing ability allowed him to recover a little more quickly than usual. When he managed to get up he realized he was standing in the forest.
The only sounds he could hear were leaves blowing in the wind and birds chirping. It was peaceful.
“Ready?” Meryl asked. She leaned against a tree just a few yards from Michael.
Michael grunted in pain. “Did you forget the rules?” he asked.
Meryl smiled. “The fight was going nowhere,” she answered. “I just thought I’d make it interesting.”
“Nowhere?” Michael said composing himself. “Sounds like you got desperate.”
Meryl’s smile faded a little to an insulted look. Michael was right, but she wasn’t about to let him think that. “How can you say that?” she asked. “If it was a real fight I could do anything I want. Besides, it’s not like we can really hurt each other.”
“That’s the point, it’s only practice,” Michael said. He couldn’t tell by the look on Meryl's face if she felt bad or was about to laugh. ‘Maybe both.’ he thought.
Meryl couldn’t help but snicker a little and lovingly say. “I’m sorry. It’s just that I don’t want to lose to you.”
Michael laughed as Meryl’s sense of humor to put him down always did. It didn’t matter what she said or how she said it. With what they had been through over the years, he knew she loved him anyway.
For now, they fought until someone won. They closed in on one another and continued with their practice. Since they’ve lived in the forest they often practiced this way. Should the need ever arise, Michael and Meryl wanted to be prepared if they ever had to fight against someone or something as powerful as them.
Michael had learned much from Meryl. In fact, he was confident that he had learned all of her moves and tricks. It didn’t take long before he pinned her against a wall of rock, his fingers interlocked with hers.
For several moments Meryl struggled to break free with no luck. She wasn’t the least bit surprised with Michael’s ability and couldn’t help but smile.
“You know the drill. If you can’t go on you have to say the magic words.” Michael said in a soft voice. This was the moment he’d been waiting for.
Meryl shook her head in disappointment. “You still have a lot to learn.” In a sudden burst of energy, she leaped into the air breaking free of Michael’s hold. Before Michael could react she used her knees to grab him by the head and forced him to fall backward.
Meryl held on as Michael lay flat on the ground. “Now, let me hear those magic words.” she playfully demanded.
“Oww...” Michael muttered having no idea what just happened. He was exhausted, didn’t know which way was up or down and Meryl sitting on him didn’t help anything either. “Okay, I give,” he whispered.
Meryl sighed and rolled off Michael. She was just as exhausted as he was, but with another win in hand, she took the time to lay down relish her victory.
“Oh man, you almost had her dad!” Ele cried out. She had been sitting on a boulder watching.
“I know, but mommy’s a cheater. Remember that!” Michael said. He sat up and found Ele. “I’ll get her next time, right?”
“Sure you will,” said Ele.
“No, you won’t,” Meryl declared. “I’m retiring. Right here, right now, undefeated!”
“You can’t do that!” Michael said, playfully punching Meryl on the shoulder, “You’re not afraid I’ve got you figured out, are you? Next time, I’ll get you!”
“Then I guess I’ll have to stop taking it easy on you.” Meryl smiled.
Ele hopped down between them, “Can I practice with you?” she asked.
Michael and Meryl were quick to respond. “No!” they said.
“C’mon!” Ele pleaded. Who could blame her? Being the only kid in a forest with not much to do could get terribly boring.
Michael shook his head, “No way.” he said, shuddering at the mere thought of practicing with Ele.
“Honey, don’t you remember what happened the last time?” Meryl said, sitting up and taking hold of Ele.
“I said I was sorry a hundred times,” Ele explained. “Please, dad I promise I won’t hit so hard this time.”
Michael hesitated as he thought about it. “I don't know Ele. The last time, you hit me so hard I didn't think my face would heal right.” 
That moment seemed like an eternity for Ele.
Meryl had never been hit by Ele before, so she would let Michael decide.
Michael felt bad for Ele knowing she was lonely and getting tired of harassing the forest animals. Finally, he winked at his daughter and stood up saying, “Alright, remember, it's only practice so don’t hit hard. Next time, it’ll be your mother and me versus you!”
3.3

General Hayes hated the new transport ships. It made it worse that he had to travel in them often. They were cramped, hot, dark, and made lots of noise. The only lights in the compartment came from several computer panels in the wall and a single light shining down directly above.
“One more minute, sir.” the pilot said.
Hayes shifted in his seat to make himself comfortable and gripped some folders in his lap. Three years ago the World Security Council (WSC) gave him the green light for his project. Since then he’s had to report to them in person once a month.
Hayes initially supported the formation of the WSC. He believed that its inception would allow for a quick resolution of the superhumans. Instead, the superhumans disappeared and the WSC took, as Hayes would put it, ‘A less than actionable approach to dealing with them.’
To Hayes, the WSC was made up of penny-pinching pencil pushers. When he first presented them with his project it was immediately rejected.
Because superhumans had seemed to go away, the council decided to go with a more ‘cost-effective’, long-term plan - the Ark Project, the idea being to ensure the survival of the human race.
The WSC secretly commissioned the project. The first problem was to find a suitable planet like Earth. After over a year of looking, scientists found one. The next task was to construct an “Ark” that could take enough humans there to start over. The secrecy was because it would be impossible to build a ship big enough to carry every single person in the world. When the superhumans appeared again, the Ark was not finished and the WSC didn’t want to risk exposing it, so they were forced to give Hayes full autonomy in dealing with the superhumans.
General Hayes had never liked the idea of the Ark Project. His plan, the Helix Project, involved a direct conflict with the superhumans.
What the WSC didn’t like about the Helix Project was its cost in money and resources. The first thing that had to be done was an extensive study on the DNA of a superhuman. Second, technology had to be developed and tested with new war machines called mechas. And lastly, that technology would need to be refined for human use against the superhumans.
“We’ve arrived, sir,” the pilot reported. “Beginning landing sequence.”
Hayes yawned and leaned his head back. He never seemed to get enough sleep. No one close to him would ever say it, but ever since the Helix Project began, he seemingly had a growing obsession with defeating the superhumans.
The transports door opened letting in sunlight from outside. The General’s eyes squinted hard as they tried to adjust. He could hear the usual activity going on outside: People talking as they walked by, security drones flying around, transports lifting off and landing.
Hayes slowly pulled himself from the chair and stepped off the transport. The wind’s cool breeze was refreshing. Sitting in front of him was the WSC building. Short compared to some buildings, its expansive colosseum shape was what gave it a sense of awe.
The building was located near the center of Altair, now the largest city in the world and the center of global business and commerce. As of late, one would notice that things in the city had slowed down.
Even Hayes would admit that the sight of the building and the surrounding city was simply amazing.
“That time of the month, eh, sir?” Lobo asked walking behind the General.
Hayes looked back and gave a mild laugh. “Good morning, Lieutenant.” He said.
Lieutenant Lobo was the only man Hayes completely trusted, and the commander of a secret ultra-high-tech Special Forces team that Hayes personally created to deal with the superhumans.
Lobo held out a red folder with a title on the cover that read Top Secret.
“Here’s the progress report, sir,” Lobo said. He could tell by Hayes’ overall appearance that he was tired. It was a little disheartening, as he held the General in the highest respect and considered it more than an honor to work directly with him.
Hayes took the folder and placed it with the others he was carrying. “Thank you. This should hold them over for a few weeks,” he said gladly. “The more progress we make, the happier the council is.”
“I heard the mechas bagged another one last night,” Lobo said.
Hayes nodded and said. “They found him lounging around in Antiga. He managed to take out four hunter class mechas before they got him in Hadley’s Field.”
Lobo shook his head. “It’s amazing what those superhumans can do.”
“Respect them, but don’t start admiring them,” Hayes said in a serious tone.
“Of course, sir. I’m going back to Camp Ypres now. We’re wrapping up our end of the project.”
“Already?” Hayes said surprised.
“Yes, sir,” Lobo said. “Everything should be ready by tomorrow.”
Hayes let out a small grunt. “Very well, dismissed,” he said, saluting Lobo.
For some reason, Lobo sensed that Hayes wasn’t too enthusiastic about ‘Wrapping up the project.’
Inside the WSC, everything looked regal. Soldiers stood at their posts without moving so much as a twitch. Huge statues were everywhere. The place was softly lit by lights in the walls and ceiling. General Hayes never minded any of it because if he wasn’t upset with the council – he was too busy.
After a walk down the main hall, a large set of doors slowly opened in front of him. He was quite familiar with this part of the building. Dim lights in the ceiling guided him through the corridor, but Hayes had been here so many times he could walk through it blindfolded. At the end of the corridor, two soldiers stood guard over a door. Hayes remembered the first time he saw them in the dim light; he almost mistook them for statues.
One soldier touched a panel on the wall that opened the door. Without saying a word Hayes stepped past them and the door slid shut.
The General was now in a room he despised, the council’s chamber. It was as dark as the corridor outside. The room was circular with the council members sitting at desks around a podium. Hayes could see the council members, but just barely. He walked up to the podium and sat his folders on it.
“Good day, General.” came the familiar voice of a council member. It was Ryan, the councilman that always talked to Hayes during these meetings.
Hayes would never answer the greeting. He sorted his papers and began his report. “Much progress has been made since the Helix Project began. I am glad to report that it has been a huge success. As you know the information we obtained from the GTC was incomplete, but it was highly instrumental as a stepping stone for our scientists. We are still unsure of how superhumans are created and my reports indicate that crucial information needed to do so was lost in the destruction of the GTC facility. We know of one superhuman who may have the knowledge to create superhumans, but we are certain he lacks the resources to do so. Since the deployment of the dampening fields and mechas, we have eliminated almost all of the superhumans. According to our counts, which we believe to be accurate, there were initially one thousand, give or take half a dozen. We are certain now that there’s between seventy to eighty left in the world. In fact, last night the mechas found and eliminated one with minimal losses. The final stages of the project have been in development for two months now. My liaison reports that everything is going well. Upon completion of the Helix Project, human teams will be ready for deployment and we can begin the decommissioning of the mechas. Are there any questions, comments, or concerns?”
For a moment, the only sound Hayes could hear was the sound of his breathing.
“General we are happy with your project’s success, but if the mechas have been so successful why are the human teams not ready?” asked Ryan.
“You must remember that the purpose of the project was for the development and deployment of weapons against the superhumans,” Hayes said. “There are certain superhumans out there that are extremely powerful. When the project is finished we will be able to deal with them.”
“General, we have stretched the resources of the planet somewhat very far,” Ryan said. “Is it really necessary to keep constructing mechas when there are now almost one million of them spread across the face of the earth?”
“Council, those mechas are keeping you and billions of other people safe at night,” Hayes said.
Then, there was another moment of silence. Hayes didn’t like the vibe coming from the council. Their whispering sounded eerie as it came from all directions inside the chamber.
“General,” Ryan began to say. “We are sorry, we have to cut back on the Helix Project. You are hereby ordered to halt production on at least three-quarters of the factories constructing mechas. You may keep the mechas already deployed active. Because of the tactical importance of the dampening fields, you may continue to develop those as needed. And we regret to inform you that you have four months to complete work on the Helix Project before we cut funding completely. This council considers the situation with the superhumans to be under control. We are sorry General, there are starving people outside these walls that need help.”
General Hayes felt like a bomb had been dropped on him. He couldn’t believe the council would do this when he was so close to victory over the superhumans.
“One more thing, General,” Ryan continued. “Because we do wish for your success we have arranged a meeting for you with private investors. If you can convince them to help you, you may continue with normal operations. Do you have any questions, General?”
“Yes, in fact, I do,” Hayes said trying not to lose his temper. “What happens if the investors decide to pull out?”
“If it comes to that, we launch the Ark,” said Ryan.
“What?!” Hayes said in a state of disbelief. “Didn’t that project go under?”
“No,” Ryan answered. “We continued it as a contingency should you fail.”
“I just need more time.” Hayes began to plea.
“Even if you succeed, General, we will launch the Ark anyways,” Ryan said. “Because of the extreme devastation caused by the superhumans, the world may take decades to recover or never recover at all. This meeting is adjourned.”
The doors behind General Hayes opened. For a moment he stood silent and motionless, wanting to jump from the podium and grab the councilman by the neck. That’s when he realized he had no clue which person sitting around him had been talking, and he wasn’t about to make a fool of himself by strangling the wrong one. He grudgingly turned and walked away thinking that now, more than ever, he couldn’t accept failure.
3.4

Michael sometimes wondered what would have happened if he never became a superhuman and finished college. Sitting with an unlit campfire in front of him, he began picturing himself as manager of the trendiest retail store in the world. It carried everything from music, games, clothes and some small electronics. Everywhere he looked he saw happy customers. He walked around the store checking on things.
The CEO of the company approached Michael and shook his hand. “Well done, Michael,” he says. “You’ve made this store a huge success.”
Michael smiled and the CEO went on about his business.
At the end of the day, Michael went back home to his house in the suburbs. He stepped inside and hung up his jacket.
“Dad, you’re home,” Ele said as she jumped into Michael’s arms for a hug.
“What’d you get on your report card?” Michael asks.
“Nothing but A-pluses,” Ele said, holding up her report card.
Michael walked with Ele into the dining room where Meryl had just finished setting up dinner.
Meryl walked over and kissed Michael. “Welcome home,” she says.
Everything was perfect. Michael had a good job, a nice house, and the perfect family to go with it.
Sudden movements close by snapped Michael out of his daydream. He was sitting in a lawn chair. Behind him and to either side were three trailer homes.
“Meryl,” Michael called out. He stood up and scanned the surrounding forest with his enhanced senses. After a second of the usual forest sounds he heard, more odd rustling among the trees. Then he thought it could be his daughter fooling around. “Ele, is that you?” he called again.
The rustling sound continued and Michael heightened all of his senses to their max.
‘Something isn’t right!’ Michael thought, and without warning the sudden blur of a person dashed in front of him.
“Hey!” Michael said stepping back. It took less than a second for him to see the person in front of him was his daughter’s godfather, and his best friend, Chip.
Chip wanted to laugh. “I got ya!” he cheered, “Finally, after all these years!”
Michael laughed at himself as he shook hands with his friend. “Nah, you just startled me.”
“Speaking of Meryl and Ele, where are they?” Chip asked.
Michael nodded to the trees and answered. “Hunting.”
Chip smiled and pretended to shake his head in disappointment. “C’mon, Michael, you’re the man of the house,” he said. “Why aren’t you out there?”
“You know why, you dork,” Michael replied.
“Riiight,” Chip said as he sat down in one of the chairs. “You don’t have any guns.” He pointed his finger and shot a small beam of energy to light the campfire.
Michael sat down and yawned.
“Sparring with Meryl?” Chip asked.
Michael nodded, staring at the fire.
Chip chuckled and said. “She kicked your butt again didn’t she?”
“It wasn’t that bad,” Michael replied, shaking his head. “I almost had her this time.”
“Keep dreaming. So what’s for lunch?” Chip asked, but he got no response. He then noticed Michael seemed to be in a trance.
Michael had wandered off into his daydream again, which for Chip was unusual because he had never seen Michael like that – in deep thought, almost as if he were worried about something.
Chip lightly tapped Michael on the shoulder and asked. “You okay?” he asked.
Michael immediately snapped back to reality. He looked over at Chip, and then back at the fire. “I messed up.” He responded.
“What?” Chip said confused. He could see that Michael seemed to be depressed.
“Look at me,” Michael said. “What have I become.”
Chip suddenly felt bad for what he said earlier. “Hey, I was only kidding about that 'man of the house' thing.” He replied.
“It’s not that,” Michael said. “It’s just…you know…everything we’ve been through. None of it was our fault. We did our best to do the right thing and now we have to hide.”
If Chip said that he didn’t understand where Michael was coming from, he’d have been lying. From the beginning, he was there with Michael, following him through the craziness of the battles they had to fight and overcome.
“Michael, none of us would be here if it wasn’t for you, and when I say ‘none of us’ I mean everyone on this planet,” Chip said. He had always thought of Michael as the unsung hero of the human race. “It sucks that no one on this god-forsaken planet knows that, but it’s true. Think about it! If you hadn’t been exposed to the Phoenix Gene we never would have been able to stop Cross, and I don’t even want to think about what Ash would have done to us if Ele hadn’t been born. It’s kinda cool because in one way or another it’s almost like you were destined for all of this.”
Michael leaned over and held his head. “I never asked for this, Chip,” he said. “This is no place for Ele to grow up. This isn’t what I wanted for Meryl. I should have a nice house and a job. My girls should have better clothes.”
“I know.” Chip said, understanding how his friend felt.
Michael grabbed a log of wood and placed it in the fire. “We should have never gone into that lab.” He said.
Chip had never felt so bad for his friend. He tried to think of something, anything to help. That’s when he came up with, “I got it,” he replied. “Why don’t you go down to South City? It’s no Central, but you can live comfortably down there.”
“Too risky,” Michael said shaking his head. “Ele wouldn’t last a week without accidentally using her powers.”
“You need to stop worrying about her,” Chip said. “Yeah, she’s a kid, but she’s smart. You could find a nice spot out in the country and no one would ever find you. Ele can grow up a little and when she’s ready, you can move into a city.”
Michael began to give Chip’s idea serious thought. “How’s it been down there for you?” he asked.
Chip shrugged his shoulders and said. “I can’t complain. It’s incredible. In any direction you look you see mountains. There’s a lot of farming down there. That’s how most people make a living. It’s how I make my living.”
Michael smiled at the thought of such a place. “No one asks questions?” he asked.
“I work the fields,” Chip said. “I use some machines mostly, sometimes I load stuff. I don’t ever use my powers really. Actually, I think there are some parts down there where people still haven’t heard of a superhuman. Can you believe that?”
“It sounds great,” Michael said, still thinking of what it would be like to live in South City. He knew offhand that it was one of those places where it’s warm all year-round and a superhuman wouldn’t have to worry about ID checks or DNA scans.
“Michael, you can’t stay out here,” Chip said. “You need to do something. Something that’ll help you feel normal.”
“You’re right,” Michael answered, trying not to sound depressed. “I need to make myself useful. I need to get out of here and start living again.”
It eased Chip to see his friend in a better mood because for a moment he thought Michael was about to have a nervous breakdown.
“Thanks, Chip, I’ll talk with Meryl about this later,” said Michael.
“Alright,” Chip laughed. “So back to my old question. What’s for lunch?”
“Fish,” Meryl said, as she and Ele walked into the camp.
Ele carried a bag full of fish over her shoulder that was almost as big as her. “Hi, Chip,” she said with a big smile.
“Come here and give me a big hug.” Chip said, holding out his arms.
Ele dropped the bag and hugged her godfather. “I missed you so much.” She said.
“I missed you too,” Chip responded. “Have you been good?”
“Yeah, but it’s so boring here,” Ele said, sitting down.
“How you doing, Chip?” Meryl asked, taking a seat next to Michael.
“I’m fine. How are you?” Chip replied.
“Doing okay,” Meryl said. “How come you don’t come around anymore? You used to visit us every week.”
A troubled look came across Chip’s face. “It’s not exactly a hop and a skip to come up and visit you,” he said. “Every day it gets harder to fly such a long distance. It’s hard to avoid detection by those mechas. There are so many of them out there. Just the other day I was sure one had spotted me.”
Meryl grabbed a fish and began to fillet it. “Just be careful and make sure you check your six.” She said.
“Don’t worry,” Chip smiled. “It’ll take more than an army of robots to put me down!”
3.5

General Hayes remembered when Altair Plaza was a popular spot in the city. It was once a nice area with walkways, trees, shrubs, and places to sit. Since the attacks by superhumans the plaza had been mostly deserted. And it wasn’t just in the city of Altair either; it was as if everything had come to a stop.
The world had suffered the most severe economic meltdown one could only imagine. With the authority of the WSC, General Hayes had taken quick action to mobilize all of the planet’s military forces. After a few weeks and with a lot of help from the civilian population, most of the superhumans withdrew under the extreme pressure of the military. But hundreds of thousands of humans died in comparison to the dozen or so superhumans they managed to kill.
When it was all said and done, the earth’s military force lay almost in ruin and the WSC became the supreme authority. The damage however was much more extensive.
People had become too afraid to go outside and do anything. Few would sometimes go out to see a movie and even less would go for a walk through the plaza. Many people lost or quit their jobs and became employed by the military. The WSC tried to encourage people to continue with their lives normally, but the fear was far too great.
Hayes wished that people would stop being afraid, but he knew not to expect many visitors to the plaza. Those who did visit the plaza complained that it had become too militarized with soldiers constantly patrolling around. The place and even the ground looked unkempt.
Hayes was still angry with the council’s decision to no longer support him. In the back of his mind, he tried to tell himself that everything would work out. As he waited for the investors to arrive he slowly paced back and forth inspecting some mechas.
Mechas were much more than simple robots or androids. They were highly advanced war machines. The technology to build them had been around for years but even the council deemed them superfluous. It wasn’t until after many people lost their lives fighting the superhumans that the council decided to allow their construction.
To the General’s side were the three classes of mechas in production. The hunter class was the first and most numerous of the three types. They were as tall as a person and had a humanoid shape with a head, arms, and legs. Constructed with no aesthetics in mind, they almost looked like they were built with leftover parts. Some of their armor was a light brownish color with other parts a dark gray. Their eyes were angular-shaped and had a red glow. One of these mechas could easily kill a human. They were intelligent and capable of speech. All of them were armed with energy blasters hidden in their forearms. Some were armed with large, hand-carried weapons. Compared to a human they were also slightly faster in all respects and much stronger. The best thing a hunter was equipped with was a new piece of technology called the gravity orb. It was similar to the technology the navy used to keep their ships airborne, only miniaturized. Partly visible right below the midsection, this allowed hunters the ability to fly, but not as high or as fast as a superhuman.
The second type of mecha was the condor class. These were the aerial version of the hunters. From the moment they leave the assembly line they remain in a state of perpetual flight. They were about the size of a small car and had a grayish, triangular shape with flat tips. Condors were the second most abundant mechas. Their standard armament was slightly more powerful than what hunters carried. Each tip had a red glowing emitter that fired the same energy blasts. Just beneath the tips, on the underside, were bigger emitters that could drop energy blasts like bombs. Like hunters, they were intelligent and could even communicate using speech. Instead of the gravity orb used by hunters, they were equipped with the same gravity-defying technology as the navy’s fighters. It was visible as a half-sphere at the center on the underside. They could fly high, fast, and silently. And because of their shape, their maneuverability was unmatched. The condor didn’t actually have a front or back, as each tip could act as the front end.
The third mecha was the juggernaut class. These were bipedal battle tanks from hell. They easily took up both lanes of the street and were as tall as a two-story house. Their two large legs supported an enormous artillery chassis. They didn’t have a head or any arms to speak of. The entire chassis had a dull white color. Because of the size, armor, and amount of firepower a juggernaut carried, there weren’t as many of them around. Their weapons were made up of two rapid-fire missile systems; a lightning ball caster; two Gatling blaster guns; two rail guns; and all of that centered around a large PBW (particle beam weapon) right in the middle. Juggernauts possessed the same intellect and communication abilities as their smaller counterparts. Even though they were huge and weighed several tons, the juggernaut's legs could move surprisingly fast for their size. They also possessed six gravity orbs that allowed them a limited ability to fly.
It was strategically important to General Hayes for a mecha to be able to traverse over water and rocky terrain. He’d had a small hand in each mechas design during their conception.
The sound and sight of armored transport trucks told Hayes the investors were arriving. He put his cover on and straightened his uniform.
“Let’s put on a good show,” Hayes said to the mechas. “Don’t move or say anything unless ordered. Understand?”
“Yes, sir.” the mechas replied simultaneously in the exact same, deep mechanical voice.
The investors stepped off the truck one by one and were escorted to Hayes by several soldiers. All of them were older men and women.
Hayes smiled for show. He wanted to get the whole deal over with as quickly as possible. The investors gathered around and greeted him with handshakes.
“Welcome,” Hayes said, continuing to slowly pace among the mechas. “I am General Hayes. Please accept my apologies for any informality. I was made aware of this meeting on short notice. Your attendance is appreciated. Now, you all know why we’re here. For the last three years, we’ve been at war with the superhumans. We’ve been winning that war, but at a cost. I don’t have to tell you what’s it’s done to the economy. The backlash has forced the council to respond, causing them to turn their attention to other important problems. This is where you come in. You should all be familiar with the mechas standing before you. As you can imagine it takes quite a bit to construct one of these, especially this juggernaut.”
An investor raised his hand. “Excuse me,” he said. “What are these dampening fields we’ve heard about? I’ve never seen one.”
“The dampening fields are the single most important weapon we have against the superhumans,” Hayes responded. “Please follow me.”
Hayes led the investors to the very center of Altair Plaza. A device was hovering in place of where one would expect to see a small water fountain. It was ring-shaped with a glass dome on top. Inside of the dome was a dark gray fog.
“This is a dampening field generator or DFG,” Hayes said. “Early in the war; our scientists discovered certain unusual properties in the DNA of a superhuman.”
Hayes then touched a symbol on the generator and a brilliant display of colors flared up inside the dome.
The investors looked up and saw an aurora effect suddenly appear in the sky.
“This is why we’ve been winning,” Hayes said. “All DFGs have a range of five miles in every direction and they are fully mobile for strategic conveniences. It disables certain abilities superhumans possess.”
“Like what?” an investor anxiously asked.
“They lose their speed, their ability to fly and if they have it – their ability to cast destructive energy,” Hayes answered. “I need your support in order to continue our efforts. Let me remind you that we have been winning this war and I do believe we will win. The people that the council must now take care of need you to make the right decision and continue the fight. Now, if you have any questions please ask.”
The investors began to talk amongst themselves. Hayes could tell that they were pleased with what they were seeing. Their smiles and laughter were a sure sign to him that victory was within his grasp.
3.6

Of course, General Hayes didn’t tell the investors everything. The Helix Project had its own secrets. If the WSC ever found out about them, Hayes knew they would shut the entire project down.
The Hyper Hunters were a top-secret group of the most advanced mechas ever created. They were all hunter-like with some similarities and some unique abilities. All of them had ‘eyes’ that emitted a red glow. There were several differences between them and hunters which included varying degrees of enhanced intelligence, strength, speed, and an advanced gravity orb. There were currently six of them active; Orion, Squib, Flak, Munky, Slash, and Alpha.
The “big guy” on the team was Orion. It looked like an eight-foot-tall Mr. Universe with trim-fitting armor covering him from head to toe. The armor was mostly gray with a little mustard color on some parts. Of all the Hyper Hunters, its face had the most human-like features with two eyes, a nose, and a mouth. It was also the strongest of the group.
Squib’s armor was green and covered most of its body. Black wrappings of coils could be seen in-between one armor piece and another. It wasn’t the strongest or the fastest, but it didn’t have to be. It’s was armed with tentacles that shot out from the palms of its hands. To make it more dangerous, the tentacles could emit a powerful electric charge. Squib’s face was void of a nose and mouth. Its eyes were in the form of a thin visor that ran across its face.
Perhaps the most awkward-looking one was Flak. Actually, it was a combination of how it looked and the way it carried itself with very good posture. Most of it was a dull white with some yellow trim. Its elegant body was made up of sleek angled shapes. Even the head was a little rectangular with a triangle-shaped eye in the middle of it. You could think of it as a mini-juggernaut. Within its body, it housed weapons similar to a juggernaut.
Munky, the smallest of the Hyper Hunters, very much resembled a monkey built from an erector set. It was maroon and orange in color and had two large circular eyes. At the center of its chest was a protruding sphere that shimmered with red energy.
Slash’s design was truly meant to instill fear into anyone who stood against it. Its armor was entirely a light gray color. Its face was featureless with two small slits for eyes. On the top of its head and both shoulders, it had thin blades that appeared to sway when it moved. The hundreds of small micro-blades in its head were like hairs. Each shoulder had a two-foot-long blade that arched out and back at an angle. Slash could pull these out and throw them. Below each elbow was a razor-sharp energy-blade, six inches long, pointing back towards the shoulder. As it often did, Slash could extend both of them three feet in length. And if that wasn’t bad enough, it had been programmed to be a little psychotic.
Alpha was the leader. It looked like a muscular man wearing a maroon and gray-colored exoskeleton suit from the neck down. Its gray head was the only part that looked mechanical. It was a sleek design with no mouth or nose but it had two angular eyes similar to the hunters’. Alpha’s role as command mecha meant that it had a slightly tuned-up brain. It carried no weapon - only vast knowledge of hand-to-hand combat which it used with deadly efficiency. It was also the most well-balanced Hyper Hunter of the group, making it superior in many ways.
Like all other mechas, most of the Hyper Hunters were capable of speech. Unlike them, however, their voices were all slightly different – they sounded more like a human speaking through a can. They always operated as a group and at night time. All of their missions involved a dangerous conflict with a superhuman. Their success rate was impressively high, for no superhuman had ever managed to escape them.
A few days earlier a monitor drone had spotted what it believe to be a superhuman floating around a small house. The house was located on the outskirts of a small desert area next to an oasis. It was a calm night with a clear sky and a nice breeze.
They now moved in, hitching a ride on a juggernaut. Sometimes they took a few standard mechas with them, depending on the mission. And there was always a DFG not too far away. The juggernaut landed some distance away and the Hyper Hunters hopped off, using their gravity orbs to slowly make their approach.
Two superhumans, Barry and Tom, were inside playing a game of poker at a small table. Barry was a tall slender guy. Originally he had been a mercenary when the GTC then recruited him for their superhuman program. Tom was a shorter burly fellow. He had also been a mercenary with Barry and joined the GTC at the same time as he.
“Barry, do you need any or what?”Tom asked impatiently.
Barry smirked. “Nope, full house,” he said, placing his cards down.
Tom grunted and threw his cards on the table. “A lousy pair. That’s nine in a row. How do you do it?”
“Don’t know, must be my lucky day,” Barry said, picking up the cards.
“Lucky,” Tom replied. “We’ve been stuck in this shack for days and didn’t find a single superhuman in any of the cities around here.”
Barry began shuffling the cards. “Tom, relax will you,” he said. “Let’s play a couple more hands and then head back to the temple.”
“It’s already dark! Let’s just go and report to Jade now! I don’t like it here. I’ve got this bad feeling.” Tom said, tapping his fingers on the table. His leg rapidly bobbled up and down from his anxiousness.
“Hold yourself together will you?” Barry said, dealing the cards. “It’s still a little early and I don’t want anyone to see us. Let’s wait for a half-hour at least and I promise we’ll take off.”
Tom cursed under his breath as he picked his cards up and arranged them. He then heard a thumping sound from outside. His enhanced senses turned on like an automatic defense system. Both of his eyes turned to a blue-green hue and glowed. His ears began to pick up multiple frequencies of sound. “Did you hear that?” he asked.
“Yeah, it’s probably this old house,” Barry said, picking his cards.
Tom wasn’t going to accept such a simple explanation. He looked around for where the thump may have come from.
Seeing Tom’s eyes, Barry used his hands to cover his cards. “Hey, you better turn those off.”
Tom turned his head up towards the chimney and saw something odd coming down it.
Barry could see the startled look on Tom’s face as he jumped from the chair.
“What is it?” Barry asked, becoming more alarmed by the second.
Within seconds Munky appeared through the bottom of the chimney. It jumped onto the table and seemed to look at both men curiously.
Barry and Tom knew they were looking at a mecha, but had never seen or heard of one like it before. They simply stared, unsure of what to do.
Munky raised its arms into the air like it was doing a jumping jack. The red sphere in its chest suddenly exploded with a tremendous amount of energy, knocking both men off their feet. The entire house was engulfed in a ball of flames.
After several seconds, Tom managed to jump out of a window as Barry crashed through a wall to get outside. Both of their bodies were smoldering. Their healing ability suppressed most of the pain and was already at work to fix any damage.
Barry tried to get back up when Alpha struck him with a punch to the face. He staggered back confused. He’d been hit by a mecha before, a hunter. This felt much stronger. For a split second, he thought it might have been another superhuman, then again he had just been in a house that was nuked.
Tom fumbled around trying to get to his feet. He looked over and spotted Barry fruitlessly blocking his attacker. In order to help his friend, he mustered himself to his feet and ran at Alpha. It took him a second to realize he was moving much slower than he would have liked. Alpha quickly threw a kick to his stomach, stopping him in his tracks.
Barry was in a dazed state of mind. Squib came from behind and bound his arms with its tentacles. He hardly knew what was going on when Squib began to hit him with an intense charge of electricity from its tentacles. It didn’t hurt at first; he mostly tensed up for the first few seconds before succumbing to the pain.
Alpha struck Tom with a combination of hits to the head and body. “Orion, take over,” it said, tossing Tom to the side. It turned its attention back to Barry, still being electrocuted. “Release him.”
Squib let Barry go only to have him beaten more by Alpha. Orion rushed at Tom and hit him with a punch that sent him skidding across the ground.
Tom forced himself back to his feet as quickly as he could. He made the attempt to fly but instead stood in place looking up to the sky. “No,” he said weakly, seeing the dampening field’s effect. Orion ruthlessly began attacking giving him no chance to escape.
Barry knew he was bleeding. He could feel the blood dripping from several cuts and its taste in his mouth.
Mechas of any kind were quite fast but not as fast as a superhuman. However, with the dampening field nullifying his superhuman speed, Barry couldn’t match Alphas.
“Mind if I finish this?” Slash asked, standing off at some distance.
Alpha ceased its attack and looked over. It then stepped to the side and held its hand out inviting Slash to proceed.
Slash instantly leaped into the air. It raised one of its hands over its head, extending the energy-blade on its elbow. The moment Slash landed it impaled Barry through the heart.
The attacks had weakened him so much so that Barry could only let out a death cry that was more guttural if anything.
Slash retracted its energy-blade, dropping Barry to the ground.
Orion wasn’t as sophisticated a fighter as Alpha, but that meant very little to Tom who was being swatted around like a rag doll. Tom did his best to block the bone-jarring punches with his arms, and just when he knew he couldn’t take anymore – it stopped.
Flak hovered into view several yards away. It slightly tilted its head and shoulders back. Both of its breastplates swung open revealing an oval-shaped dish inside, a particle beam weapon (PBW).
Tom froze with fear not knowing what was about to happen. Even if he weren’t so scared he probably wouldn’t have been able to move much anyway. His entire body felt battered from the beating Orion had given him.
The PBW in Flak’s chest rapidly began to power up. Particles of energy from the rim pooled to the center. And when the dish looked full, a powerful stream of red energy burst from Flak’s chest.
Not even Tom’s scream could be heard over the explosion when it hit him. The beam ate away at any life he had left in him. When it finally subsided, all that was left of him was a bloody smoldering body.
The Hyper Hunters gathered around the two dead superhumans. Munky jumped from the burning house. It hopped onto Orion’s shoulder and smiled at its teammates.
“Orion, grab the bodies,” Alpha said. “All units, return to base. Mission accomplished!”
3.7

Chip flew as fast as he could. It was almost daybreak so he had to find a place to land and hide. Luckily for him, he knew exactly where to go; the old Charon Estate in the hills of a sparsely populated area. It was located a short distance from Eridanus, a small town that had been around for centuries.
When the sun began to peek over the hilltops, Chip had no choice but to land where he could and walk the rest of the way. He landed in a spot somewhere between Eridanus and the estate. As he always did, he carefully looked around to see if anyone might have seen him. It was always a concern every time just before he’d takeoff or land. He would be hard-pressed to turn the other cheek and walk away if it meant exposing those he loved. Of course, Chip was hardly the type of person to kill anyone. And he most certainly knew better than to try and make friends with a normal human. After all, it was a common belief that ‘superhumans were evil in nature and all they wanted was to erase normal humans from existence’.
The stroll led Chip straight through the woods. It reminded him of Alpine Forest, only without the mountains and the sound of water streaming down the river. 
Before long, he reached the estate’s large open field. At the far end, he spotted the manor against a peaceful backdrop of trees and birds. The manor itself was so big that ten families could live there. It appeared well-kempt for having been there almost as long as the town. 
Chip stepped up and rang the bell several times. After a few short moments, an elderly woman dressed in black opened the door.
“Please come in.” the woman said with a smile. Chip stepped inside and she closed the door.
“Looks like you people are doing well for yourself.” Chip said, looking around at the furnishings.
“We just mind our own business and do what we have to.” the woman said. Chip looked back at her as her body made an odd hissing noise and her skin moved as if there was something underneath it. Within seconds the woman, Lizzy, morphed back to her normal form, one Chip was more familiar with.
“So how’s everyone doing?” Chip asked.
“We're alright,” Lizzy answered. “Come on, we’re having breakfast.”
Chip followed, looking at everything. He had been there several times, but he always found something new to look at. The paintings, statues, vases, and little knickknacks all looked as old as the house.
“So how are things between you and Ric?” Chip asked as a way to kill the time it took just to reach the dining room.
“We're engaged,” Lizzy said gushing.
Chip laughed. “When are you two getting hitched?”
“As soon as the church stops DNA scans of weddings.” Lizzy sighed.
When they finally reached the dining room Chip saw Alex and Mason at a large table having toast and coffee. Ric was sitting comfortably in a chair next to a fireplace and Cross stood next to a window watching the scenery outside. Chip couldn’t help but notice that Cross and his companions were all wearing black attire, which for some reason to him, made them look like a bunch of typical aristocrats lounging around.
“Make yourself at home,” Lizzy said, then walking over to Ric and sitting on his lap.
 “Chip, join us,” Alex said. His special power was the unique ability of bodily elasticity. This meant he could stretch his arms, legs, fingers, neck; you name it, to ridiculous proportions.
When Mason had first become a superhuman, he was a “basic” superhuman - one with enhanced strength, speed, senses, and healing. Now he had the unique ability to generate pulses that ranged from small eddies to highly destructive shockwaves.
Chip gladly strolled on over and shook hands with them.
“Hungry?” Alex asked, holding up a plate stacked with toast.
“No thanks,” Chip answered. “Anything new around here?”
“A few things here and there,” Mason replied. “Every day the local newspaper has more and more claims of recent sightings of superhumans, even though we hardly leave the house. It’s not Lizzy, because she disguises herself as Mrs. Charon whenever she goes out and none of us use our abilities outside this place.”
“Speaking of Mrs. Charon, where is she?” Chip asked.
“My aunt passed away shortly after your last visit,” Cross answered, still standing at the window.
Mrs. Charon had known about Cross and his friend’s powers but didn’t care. She allowed them to stay with her and kept their secret hidden.
“Oh-no, sorry to hear about that.” Chip said sadly. He liked Mrs. Charon even though he had only met her a few times.
“You haven’t been around for almost a month, so it can’t be you.” Mason continued.
“I’m telling you it’s just a bunch of croc those people wrote up to get some mechas over here,” Alex argued. “You know how boring it is down there in that little town! They just want some drama around here is all!”
“Everyone’s claimed to have seen a superhuman ever since what happened in Central City,” Mason argued back. “The only difference now is that people are directly accusing other people of being superhuman, like those Salem Witch Trials. Kinda sick if ya ask me.”
“What are you going to do if they come here?” Chip asked.
Cross walked over to the conversation. “Obviously, we’ll be forced to leave,” he said. “I don’t expect any trouble though. No one should know we’re here and my aunt was a highly respected woman.”
“Chip, have you seen any others like us?” Ric asked
“Besides Michael and his family, I haven’t,” Chip answered. “I’ve only heard stuff about how the mechas kill one every so often.” he shook his head in despair. “I wonder how many are left.”
“What’s wrong?” Cross asked.
“I was thinking about something Michael once told me,” Chip said. “We all went through a lot to stop the GTC. It’s ironic that we pretty much saved the world and now were being hunted like dogs.”
“It’s understandable,” Cross replied. “After what the GTC did, who could blame people for wanting us dead.” He picked his coffee off the table and took a sip. “How are Michael and the rest doing?”
“Meryl and Ele seem fine,” Chip answered. “Michael wants to move somewhere else. The only thing they do is train occasionally. I don’t think Michael wants to really fight anymore, just wants to be left alone.”
“Don’t we all,” said Cross.
Alex and Mason excused themselves. As they left the room they continued arguing about Eridanus and mechas.
Cross lightly smiled. “That’s all those two ever do,” he said. He and Chip took seats at the table. In the interests of common courtesy, he poured a cup of coffee for Chip. “You know, I sometimes wish I never created the Phoenix Gene. I once told Michael that he was right to stop me at Central City. I can’t imagine how crazy I must have looked trying to expose everyone in the world.”
Cross began to think of all the pain and suffering he put everyone through. The solemn look on his face convinced Chip he was sincere.
“I wouldn’t worry about it,” Chip said. “The way I see it, what’s done is done. Michael wishes none of this ever happened either, but he’d say the same thing.”
“You don’t understand,” Cross replied. “You’re not responsible for the deaths of hundreds of thousands. I’m the one who has to live with it, Chip, not you or anyone else.”
Chip was speechless.
“I’m sorry, that was rude,” Cross said.
“No, don’t be sorry,” Chip said. “And don’t blame yourself for what happened. You didn’t kill anyone. The GTC caused all of this, not you. You did your best to stop it. Let me tell you something. If me and Michael knew then what we know now, I think we might have ended up helping you.” He snickered.
Chip’s little speech lightened Cross up a bit. “Maybe you’re right,” he said. “I just wish I could go back and do things differently.”
“Sometimes bad things happen and there’s nothing you can do about them,” Chip said. “I know what that’s like. The best thing you can do is move forward.”
After a moment Cross grinned. “Thanks, Chip.”
The rest of the day was filled with touring the house and lounging around.
Nightfall was the time for Chip to move on. He gathered his belongings and made for the roof as usual.
“Remember, if you ever want to you can move in with us,” Cross said, escorting Chip. “Remind Michael of that as well.”
“Thanks, I’ll tell Michael as soon as I see him,” said Chip.
Once on the roof, they walked to a ledge toward the back of the house.
“Just let me know what happens,” Cross said.
“I will,” Chip said, stepping onto the ledge. “Hey, thanks again.”
Chip then flew off, quickly picking up speed as he headed back home.
Cross began to head back in when his instincts told him something was wrong. Not caring about being too obvious, he looked over the ledge and checked for any signs of trouble. After a moment of searching with his enhanced senses, he found nothing. ‘I must be losing it!’ He thought. Unable to explain his discomfort he turned and went back inside.
Unfortunately, hidden among the trees several yards away was a small monitor drone hovering in silence.
3.8

Besides Michael, Meryl, Ele, Chip, Cross, and his friends, all other superhumans were former mercenaries for the GTC. Most by now were dead because they were without guidance. The original plan had been for them to cause social disorder throughout the world. The GTC believed this would later make it easier to control the local authorities who would be under pressure from its citizens. Needless to say, the plan had backfired.
The superhumans had been beaten and scattered. They became lost and afraid. Few fought till the bitter end. The rest had tried to go into hiding or blend into society. But even then it was only a matter of time till they were found.
One of the GTC superhumans, Jade, had been quick to realize that the only way to survive would be strength in numbers. She and other superhumans she found traveled all over the world gathering their kind. They set up a hidden base of operations inside the ruins of an abandoned temple in the Pandora Jungle.
At first, they were finding a superhuman every other day. The ‘rescued’ superhumans were taken back to the jungle and from there they would be assigned their own missions to find other superhumans or obtain supplies.
After six months, however, it became almost impossible to find other superhumans before the mechas got to them first. But they never stopped looking, and every once in a great while they would stumble across one.
Jade was not the typical GTC superhuman. While all the others had been former soldiers or mercenaries; she had been an experiment. Jade had been born with several genetic defects that gave her a grotesque appearance and many health problems. Her parents had no choice but to give her away to the GTC.
For years the GTC conducted many experiments to heal her. When they finally got their hands on the Phoenix Gene, they could not resist seeing its effects on such a person as Jade.
When she was exposed to the Phoenix Gene it killed her, as it usually does. And as expected, within moments she came back to life. She had been reborn with the powers of a superhuman.
For Jade though, the most miraculous change did not lie with her powers. When the doctors held a mirror up to her she didn’t recognize the image. For a split second, she thought that she was looking at someone else.
The Phoenix Gene had cured all of the genetic defects within Jade and revealed her true form, a beautiful woman who could easily be mistaken for a gymnast. She was a good person at heart, though she could never refuse any orders from the GTC, the company that raised and cured her.
Now, the GTC was gone and Jade was in charge. She sat in the passenger side of an old armored military truck. The sun had set minutes ago, making it the best time to move a three-truck convoy off-road. Jade looked up and saw the dampening field’s effect in the sky.
The convoy traveled through a large canyon with a river running through it. Each truck carried eight people. The darkness wasn’t a problem for superhuman eyes, but it was a bumpy ride.
“Same drill as before?” the driver, O’Neil, asked.
Jade stared out at the river. “Yeah, we drop some bombs and let any civilians out before we level the place.” 
“I can’t wait to get them back for Barry and Tom,” O’Neil said.
A human figure ahead brought the convoy to a stop. Her eyes glowed with that distinctive blue-green hue of a superhuman.
“That’s Hall. Get everyone unloaded.” Jade said. She grabbed her rifle stepping out of the truck.
All the superhumans gathered around Jade. Most of them carried rifles with an underside grenade launcher. The rest carried miniguns which were essentially a lightweight, tri-barreled weapon that functioned just like a regular Gatling gun. They were not the most advanced weapons but they were the latest ballistic models acquired by the occasional raid.
“Listen up,” Jade began to say. “We to have to climb this canyon to get to the factory. Duke’s team leads with the diversion. O’Neil, you provide backup. My team, we place the charges. Once the factory blows sky-high get back to the convoy. We’ve done this before, so I don’t want any screw-ups. Let’s go.”
“What about me?” Hall asked.
“Hall, you go with Duke’s team,” Jade answered.
The superhumans began their ascent in groups. Were it not for the dampening field they could have easily flown up and over. It was a treacherous climb but really nothing for them because their superior strength and senses remained unaffected.
At the top, the mecha factory could be seen at a distance. It resembled a large, rundown, two-story warehouse with a ton of activity happening inside. Monitor drones patrolled their assigned waypoints, and mechas stood guard at various points.
“Are we sure they only produce hunters there?” Jade asked.
O’Neil shrugged and answered. “That’s what Hall said. She’s scouted the place for three days and hasn’t seen anything else come out.”
Jade turned to Duke. “Those rocks over there are your best bet for cover.” She said.
“Right, we’re moving out now,” Duke said, signaling his team to follow.
Jade and the rest waited as Duke’s team made their way around car-sized boulders to get in position. “It’s almost too easy,” she said, gripping her rifle tightly.
“I’ll take ‘easy’ any day of the week,” O’Neil said. “Besides, if anything happens, just flick the switch and the DFG goes boom. After that, we’ll turn those mechas into toasters.”
Duke and his team were in place. He pulled a flare gun from another’s pouch and fired a shot into the sky.
The flare instantly drew the attention of the mechas. Several of them instantly began to close in on the team to investigate. One drone flew overhead and easily spotted them. Alarms instantly went off alerting all the hunters at the factory.
“Let’s go,” O’Neil said eagerly.
Jade grabbed him by the arm. “Not yet, wait till they’re engaged.” She said.
More hunters ran or flew from in and around the factory, closing in on Duke’s team, and in no time gunfire erupted between them. Their high-velocity bullets had little trouble piercing through the mechas’ armor. Several hunters instantly went down as they had little or no cover. They retaliated with their forearm-mounted blasters which sheered away chunks of the rocks Duke’s team hid behind.
“Okay, now,” Jade said in a low voice. Even with the chaos that was happening a hundred yards away, she worried the mechas’ acute sense of awareness would detect them at any moment. She and O’Neil hastily led their teams toward the factory. They used what little available cover terrain to their advantage.
Duke’s team found themselves under heavy attack. One man was struck in the chest by a hunter’s blaster. The wound was severe enough that a normal person would have died within minutes were it left untreated. Instead, the wound began to slowly close itself and the man ducked back into position, continuing to shoot back.
Once they reached the factory, O’Neil’s team broke away towards the fighting and fired. The hunters were caught in a crossfire. Most of them went down, but more were still coming from the factory just behind them.
Jade’s team used a side door to storm into an office inside the factory. A few workers inside were hiding under their desks.
“If you don’t wanna die you better leave right now,” Jade said in a loud indifferent tone.
The workers frantically got to their feet and ran out the door.
Hunters coming off the assembly line spotted the superhumans and immediately fired, shattering the glass and turning most of the office into swiss cheese.
Duke’s team ran as fast as they could to the factory. O’Neil’s was already beginning to slowly make their way in, ordering the employees to evacuate. By the time they reached Jade, her team was already preparing the charges they were going to use to demolish the factory.
They threw the triangular-shaped bombs in random directions. The bombs stuck to the first surface they made contact with. A telltale pattern of lights lit up to indicate they were active.
“Shouldn’t we place one on the DFG?” O’Neil asked.
“We don’t need to,” Jade replied. “It’ll go up with this building. Besides we don't have time to find it.” 
Duke’s team came running as fast as they could. “We better triple-time, there’s a juggernaut coming right for us!” he yelled.
“What direction?” Jade asked.
Duke pointed off to the side. “It’s being escorted by condors and hunters.”
“Forget the convoy. Once we’re outside get airborne and head for the temple.” Jade ordered.
They ran to the end of the factory furthest from the oncoming mechas. O’Neil and Duke rammed the wall with their shoulders and crashed through it. As they exited the building, the condors flew down and began to strafe them. Hunters appeared from both corners and began to close in. The superhumans fired with everything they had as they retreated to the canyon ahead. As they fled, a huge beam of energy tore straight through the building, coming very close to hitting them.
They instantly knew it had come from the juggernaut's PBW. There was almost no cover for the team and most were being hit by the mecha’s blasters.
“Jade, blow it now!” O’Neil yelled.
Jade, with the detonator already in hand, pressed the button and detonated all of the bombs simultaneously. The factory exploded with a thunderous roar and a shock that knocked everything but the juggernaut down. Even the condors in the air were jostled a bit.
Jade and the others were quick to recover. More mechas ran or flew around the burning debris and began to close in on them again. Both sides fired. Only now the dampening field was destroyed. The superhumans hovered in midair to easily evade the mecha’s weapons while returning fire.
“Fall back!” Jade ordered.
One-by-one the superhumans flew off into the night with speed even the condors could not match. The mechas could only watch and then turn their attention to their immediate surroundings.
“Whoo! We did it!” Duke cheered. The others also rejoiced, whistling and howling.
O’Neil remembered the good times he had with Barry and Tom. They were close friends of his and he had thought of nothing but revenge for what the mechas did to them.
For Jade, it was another close call. Everyone made it out alive and she was glad for that, but she didn’t show it. She kept to herself as she usually did after a mission, because of the one thing that she knew – that there was always going to be the next time.
3.9

Gateway, General Hayes’ new base and what he sometimes referred to as the site for world salvation. It was isolated, fortified, and reachable only by air. In every direction, there was nothing but desert. The sky was filled with the aurora effect from the dampening field.
The huge base was made up of several buildings. Hunters patrolled the base like regular soldiers, and several condors kept a vigilant watch from the air. One juggernaut sat motionless, waiting for trouble to stir. Automated sentry guns lined the perimeter of the base and corners of the buildings. Its true size came to light when you went underground. Each building had a large facility underneath it and these were all interconnected by underground corridors.
Hayes himself stood alone outside on a platform, waiting for his company to arrive. Besides the base, the only light anywhere came from the full moon. Hayes stared at it, discontent. In the gentle breeze of the wind, all he thought about was his project. He felt like the weight of the world was on his shoulders.
Hayes could hear a transport ship not far off in the distance. He turned his head, cracking his neck two times, and yawned. His body felt warm - a result of sleepless nights and not eating right.
The transport ship made a fast approach and came to a hovering stop directly above the platform. It was a medium-sized craft, capable of carrying eight people max. Hayes watched as it slowly descended to a gentle landing. He stepped around to the front as the hatches on each side opened.
Lobo exited the craft followed by his teammates; Tripp, Rase, and Sim. Each of them was clad in black and gray battle armor. The armor they wore was, in general, called Aegis suits. The suits came in three classes, differing only in the amount of armor. There was the light scout suit which Sim, being the sniper, wore. Lobo and Rase wore the assault class suits, which were slightly heavier. The third class, the blitz suit, was the heaviest and most appropriate for the team's support soldier, Tripp.
Lobo proudly approached Hayes. “Sir, I present your first human team for the Helix Project.”
Looking at them, Hayes grunted. He was clearly not impressed with what he saw. “Lieutenant, what makes you think this team is prepared to take on a superhuman,” he asked.
Lobo smirked answering.“Believe me, sir, we’re ready.”
Hayes paced around inspecting their suits. He didn’t exactly know what they were and they certainly didn’t look as though they were capable of withstanding too much abuse from a superhuman. “I’m sorry, but the answer is no. The last thing I want to do is send you and your team out on a suicide mission,” he said.
Lobo was surprised by Hayes’ reluctance and he took it personally. He couldn’t believe the General suddenly lost faith in him. Lobo dismissed his team and hastily followed Hayes into the building. He caught up to the General in a lounge. “Sir, wait!” he called.
Hayes stopped and turned. “What is it?” he asked.
Lobo could start to feel a certain sense of friction between him and the General. He thought of how to say what he wanted without speaking out of line.
Hayes knew this and decided it might be a good time to be frank. “Speak freely, Lieutenant.”
“General, what’s going on,” Lobo asked. “You’re the one who placed me in charge of putting together the final phase of the project and when I say we’re ready you shoot me down!”
“What can those suits do that my mechas can’t?” Hayes asked.
A wide-eyed look fell on Lobo’s face. “Don’t tell me you’re taking this personally.” He replied.
It was then Hayes realized how he’d sounded. He rubbed his eyes and calmly took a deep breath. “Lieutenant…Lobo,” he said. “I’m sorry. I don’t know what got into me. Um…”
Lobo could see Hayes was very exhausted. “No need to explain, sir,” He said. “I know what the council did, cutting their support.”
Hayes walked over to a couch and sat. “We’ve all lost family and friends because of those inhuman animals,” he said. “I can’t stand the thought of sending another person to face them.”
Lobo nodded with complete understanding and said. “I know the feeling, sir, but we’re gonna have to do this soon to have a real chance at beating them.”
Hayes stood and turned as if to walk away, though it wasn’t that simple. He had to say something. He found himself stuck between telling the truth about the Helix Project or allowing Lobo to move forward with his human team. Telling the truth would be the hardest. Lobo was the one person he trusted most, and he had kept him in the dark.
In fact, it was much worse than that.
“You may not have to do anything,” Hayes said. “Follow me.”
Lobo followed Hayes past a clearance station and for the first time entered the lower part of the base. They walked down hallways with rows of windows lining the walls so you could see everything going on in the adjacent rooms. Lobo didn’t notice anything really unusual. In some of the rooms, he saw blueprints for what looked like mechas he’d never seen before. In other rooms, no mistaking mecha parts were being put together by technicians dressed in white lab coats.
Hayes led Lobo to the lowest part of the facility. It was a large circular room with several, partly enclosed, workstations along the wall. The room was well lit. Several technicians worked diligently at their tables.
At the center of the room, Lobo saw what appeared to be a person lying on a table. As he moved closer, he could see that it was a mecha. Above it was several monitors with simulations of martial arts and a ton of other information. The monitors themselves were connected to a central hub in the ceiling, which had two cables that dropped down and connected to the sides of the mecha’s head.
The mecha was or appeared to be an exact copy of Alpha, except that it was pale blue and dark purple in color.
“Whoa, what’s that?” Lobo asked.
“This is Omega,” Hayes answered, “The most powerful and advanced mecha ever created. It was also designed to command any mecha in the world at any time.”
“Why do I get the feeling this shouldn’t exist?” Lobo asked.
“Because,” Hayes replied. “All mecha types must be approved by the council.”
Lobo leaned over Omega, inspecting it closely. “What’s so special about this?” he asked.
Hayes touched a symbol on a panel next to the table and Omega’s ring at the center of its forehead lit up with a red glow. It didn’t have traditional eyes. Only the shape of eyes that seemed to almost blend in with the rest of the head. The table tilted to an angle where the mecha was able to step off.
“As soon as the Helix Project was given the green light I had a group of engineers begin work on highly advanced mecha designs,” Hayes said. “These designs were expensive and time-consuming because of their complexity. Because of this, I knew there was a chance the council wouldn’t approve them. In fact, I know they wouldn’t have. We needed mechas that were much stronger and smarter, especially for those superhumans like Cross and his friends. So the Hyper Hunters were created.”
“Hyper Hunters?” Lobo asked.
“That’s the name we gave them,” Hayes clarified. “They’ve been operating for about a year now with their own base at Sedna Island.”
“How many are there?”  Lobo asked.
“Including this one, seven,” Hayes answered. “Each of them has been designed to be able to fight a superhuman one-on-one. Like any good mecha they don’t eat, they don’t sleep and they’ll never stop until every last superhuman is dead.”
Lobo shook his head. “Sir,” he said. “Everyone knows mechas are strong, but there’s no way one of these things could stand up to a superhuman. One good hit is all it would take.”
Hayes turned a monitor towards Lobo and showed him a random battle between a superhuman and Alpha.
Lobo found himself eating his words. He was surprised and amazed, to say the least.
“How does it do that?” Lobo asked.
Hayes leaned on the table, hesitating to answer. “I was afraid you’d ask. We used DNA from a superhuman.”
“Jesus, don’t tell me these things are alive!” Lobo said.
“No, no,” Hayes responded. “Only certain parts are organic. The brain and heart are completely artificial, but we needed living tissue for the muscles, ligaments, and tendons. It needs an oxygen system for those but that’s also artificial.”
“My mission at the GTC,” Lobo remembered. “The disk I gave you had all the info!”
“Yes,” Hayes replied. “But the DNA we made was extremely difficult to handle and we couldn’t make much to work with, well, at least with the time we had. Because of that, we were only able to make two, Alpha and Omega. We used the minimal amount possible to create Alpha, just to see if it would work. The rest we used to create Omega.”
Lobo was speechless at first. He leaned against a nearby workstation. “You’re right,” he said. “The council would never have approved of this. Sir, I…I don’t get it. Why go through the trouble of creating these things when it was planned to have a human team in place?”
Hayes grew even more nervous. “Lobo,” he finally said. “There was never supposed to be a human team.”
As soon as he realized it, the truth hit Lobo like a ton of bricks. “What are you saying?” he said, slowly walking toward Hayes.
“That part of the plan was made up to give the project a little more money and a lot more time,” Hayes answered. “You’ve been running a front for the program, Lobo. You were never meant to finish.”
It was a betrayal of trust that Lobo didn’t think a person could feel. He clenched both fists in an attempt to stow his anger. His eyes peered straight through Hayes, who couldn’t even look at him. “How could you lie,” he calmly asked. “To me of all people?”
“Lobo, listen to me,” Hayes said. “The truth is that the only new weapon we’ve developed to fight them is the DFGs. You can’t go against them with technology based on that alone! You’re going to get yourself killed!”
Lobo took several moments to calm down as he tried to understand why Hayes did what he did. It then occurred to him that the answer could be as simple as hatred for the superhumans. Even as he spoke he never took his eyes off of Hayes, who still couldn’t look at him. “The truth is that we don’t know anything about them or what they want,” he said. “What I’m about to tell you I’ve never told anyone. It happened during our first mission. When I got the information from the GTC, Cross came within arms reach of me, ready to blow my head off. Then, another superhuman stepped in and stopped him. He saved my life.”
Hayes stood speechless. When he finally did muster the courage to look, he could see that Lobo was no longer ‘looking up to him’, he was looking at him, almost staring him down.
Lobo scornfully turned and began to walk away.
“Where are you going?” asked Hayes.
Lobo stopped but didn’t turn around as he replied. “I’m going out to catch one, alive.”
3.10

Lobo’s transport hugged the terrain as it moved swiftly through the night. It was a slick-looking craft that gave a smooth ride and made little noise. You could stand and walk around and feel like you weren’t moving at all. It was quite roomy – it almost looked bigger inside than it did on the outside.
The four-man team was busily making preparations for the mission ahead. They checked one another to ensure their formfitting Aegis suits functioned properly.
Aside from the amount of armor protection, each suit was virtually identical. From the head down, armor mostly covered the wearer. It was made from an alloy that was lightweight yet strong enough to withstand gunfire. The parts of the body not covered by armor were joints; those areas were protected by black shank-proof material. The helmets had a few vision modes and the face shield acted as a HUD. Powerful radios allowed for long-distance communication between anyone wearing a helmet. The suits had a virtually unlimited amount of energy, but they did have a limited power output. Throughout the suits were built-in energy capacitors. The capacitors were a hybrid of very sensitive solar energy collectors and advanced magnetos. These also powered the suit’s own gravity orb; however, these were more limited than the orbs carried by hunters. They could only sustain low-level flight at medium speeds, or if the wearer wanted to, they could use the gravity orb as a boost for jumping very long distances. Receptors inside the suits gave the wearer the ability to unconsciously focus the energy. This allowed them to move more easily and gave them a slight increase in strength. One of the suit’s most incredible features was its ability to cloak itself so it could blend into any environment.
Each member had the very latest and most advanced weapons, depending on their role in the team. Lobo connected a power cord from his suit to his modified blaster. By drawing energy from the suit, he could shoot more and the shots were a little stronger. As the team leader, it was all he needed and it was all he wanted.
Rase carried a similar weapon. As the team’s demolitions expert, he also carried the hand of God. He grabbed it off a weapon rack and slipped it on almost like an armband. It was a newer weapon, a device placed on the skin of the suit, which ran from one shoulder all the way down the arm to the tips of each finger. Once it was in place it stuck until the wearer decided to take it off. Appearance-wise, it was barely noticeable, looking like part of the suit’s original design. It placed energy in the wearer's hand to create a bomb. Then, depending on the type of bomb made, the wearer could throw it like a grenade or leave it like a time bomb or proximity mine.
Sim could be the deadliest member of the team, as most snipers are. He had greater mobility the others lacked, the size to hide in small places, and the weapon to kill any living thing with one shot. His sniper rifle was modified in the same way as Lobo’s blaster. With the HUD and the suit’s extra energy, he could take anything down before it knew what hit it. His mobility was a result of his suit’s weight. It was lightly armored in comparison to the others, so he naturally moved a little faster.
Despite Tripp’s size with his suit on, he moved almost as easily as the others. He had his own hefty PBW covering his arm from the elbow down. Normally, even Tripp would have a hard time carrying the weapon. With the suit, the gun weighed next to nothing. And while its power was small when compared to the PBWs the juggernauts carried, it was still powerful enough to cause massive amounts of devastation to anything it hit.
Sim placed his rifle next to his seat and sat, waiting anxiously to get the mission over with. He looked around the compartment and noticed Lobo staring blankly at the floor. “Nervous?” he asked.
“Aren’t you?” Lobo replied.
“A little I guess,” Sim nodded. “It’s not too often we go hunting for a superhuman, and the first time we ran into one was no cakewalk if I recall.”
Tripp cocked his weapon. “Yeah, but the first time we weren’t ready,” he said. “This time, we’ve got the edge!”
Sim looked at Tripp as if he were crazy. “What are you talking about,” he asked. “We don’t even know if these weapons are gonna work!”
“That’s right,” Rase said. “For all, we know they’ll just irritate him. Then he’ll hit us so hard that our limbs go flying.”
Tripp held his PBW up like he was showing it off. He laughed saying. “Oh believe me. This will work! I’d be surprised if this didn’t incinerate him with one shot. You should have seen what this did to a tank in testing.”
“We saw what it did, Tripp,” Sim said. “All we’re trying to say is that we shouldn’t get careless. Even you have to admit that we were lucky on that op. That guy could have killed us easily if he wanted to.”
Sim was referring to the team’s first mission when they unexpectedly ran into Cross at the GTC.
Tripp waved his hand dismissively. “Whatever, all I know is if that guy comes at me, he’s gonna get a chest-full of this!” he said, holding up his weapon.
“Hey, just make sure none of us are in the way,” Rase said. “Even these suits won’t protect us from a direct hit.”
“Alright enough, all of you,” Lobo said. “Our mission is to capture him alive and that’s what we’re going to do. A drone tracked him to South City. Rase, Tripp, you two standby in case anything goes wrong. Sim, you drop the radiation and I’ll hit’em with the disruptor. If everything goes smooth we should be in and out in seconds. That being said, does anyone have questions?”
The team had none.
“Listen, guys, we stay focused, watch each other's backs, and we all get to go home,” said Lobo.
The transport flew among some mountains until it reached a farming field where it silently hovered. It looked like a quiet, peaceful area with houses few and far between. The team lined up at the rear of the transport in front of the bay door.
“Open the door.” Lobo radioed to the pilot, and slowly the transport’s door began to open.
Rase stepped toward the edge. Looking out, he saw the drop was high enough to seriously injure or kill a person. “I hope to god these work,” he said, rubbing his gravity orb, located just below the navel.
“Go!” Lobo ordered.
One-by-one each member jumped out of the transport. At first, they fell quickly for about the first fifty feet. Then, as they neared the ground their gravity orbs slowed them down enough for a gentle landing.
The team activated their camouflage devices and hastily closed in a house not far from them. It was an older design, small and made of brick, barely up to the modern standard. As the team moved closer, Lobo checked the empty home with his HUD to see if anyone was inside. With a few hand signals, he ordered his teammates to surround the house.
Tripp picked a spot a little further from the house than the rest of the team. More than anyone else he was the most trigger-happy and understandably so, with a weapon like his. Tripp would do anything for his teammates, and knowing the Aegis suit’s tolerances, he wouldn’t hesitate to demolish the house with his friends in it – if he thought it would help any.
Rase stood opposite Lobo at the front door. To use the hand of God he’d want to be fairly close to his target, at least close enough so he could see it. In this case, he thought it to be insane considering the target would be a superhuman. All he could think of was the time the team was faced with Cross. To him, it had been like a horror movie where no matter what you did the monster just kept coming after you. His heart raced at the thought of having to go through that kind of experience again.
It was the same for Sim. He’d much rather have been among some shrubs lying in wait a hundred yards away. Instead, he was carefully cutting out a hole in a window to the living room. When he was done he tossed in a special dampening field bomb and waited.
For Lobo, it was a case of determination to show General Hayes that they, humans, could do it on their own and that their work was not for nothing. He waited with Rase at one side of the front door. He held his weapon in one hand and a disruptor in the other. The disruptor was a small circular-shaped device and Lobo’s ace in the hole.
It seemed like an eternity for the superhuman to finally arrive. As Chip touched down near the house the team braced themselves. None of them moved a muscle as he casually strolled by. Even with their camouflage, they knew Chip could see them if he actively tried to. For a moment as he was about to enter the front door it almost seemed as though he knew something wasn’t right.
Chip entered his home and breathed a sigh of relief. The distance between his home, the Charon mansion, and Alpine Forest was nothing for a superhuman. But the trip was not as simple as flying a beeline at top speed. He had to avoid flying over cities, aircraft, and especially mechas. His habit of stopping to go sightseeing is what really made the trip seem so long. Not noticing the hole in the window or the bomb nearby, he sat down in his recliner and used the remote to flick through the TV channels.
“Sim, do it now,” Lobo whispered into his headset.
Sim squeezed the trigger in his hand, setting off the bomb inside. The living room was suddenly flooded with a mini-dampening field effect.
Chip was startled, to say the least. The first thought that ran through his mind was that he was under attack by mechas. He jumped from the chair and instantly knew most of his powers were null. As soon as he began to search for the source of the dampening field, Rase and Lobo burst through the front door.
Rase immediately swung his arm and as he did, a baseball-sized ball of energy collected in his hand. The energy ball flew from his hand as hard as he tossed it and burst against Chip’s chest.
Chip staggered backward and fell against the furniture. He wasn’t nearly hurt as much as he was surprised by the attack. Lobo and Rase wasted no time tackling him to the ground. This surprised Chip even more, but he was now also becoming irritated. He swung one arm, tossing Rase across the floor. As Chip grabbed a hold of Lobo he felt him place the disruptor on the back of his neck. Chip was instantly hit with a feeling of dizziness. He struggled with everything to get back up and fight but barely got into a sitting position before he completely lost consciousness.
Lobo’s heart bat a hundred miles an hour. If his team were not there he would have cried victory. He’d just done what General Hayes thought impossible. He accomplished a mission that was never meant to take place, much less succeed. He caught a superhuman.
Rase got back to his feet and trained his gun on Chip. “Should we bind him.” he asked.
Lobo almost didn’t hear him. “Huh, yeah, let’s do that.” He said.
Both men turned Chip over and handcuffed his hands behind his back. Rase then hoisted Chip over his shoulder easily and carried him out. Tripp waited outside and Sim was already heading back to the pickup point.
“Sim already radioed for the transport, sir,” said Tripp. “It should be here in a moment.” 
“Good, bring up the rear,” Lobo ordered. “Rase, let’s double-time it.”
As they neared the pickup point their transport appeared over the mountains and made a fast approach. The only sound it made was an eerie humming noise. To the team, the transport seemed to be taking forever. It came to a landing only several feet away and opened its door. Everyone quickly entered in good order, with no trouble in sight. Rase laid Chip on the floor and took a seat nearby. Sim, Tripp, and Lobo followed, each taking their seats and keeping their gun sights on Chip.
“We’re in.” Lobo radioed the pilot.
The transport closed its door and just as quietly as it arrived, it left.
3.11

General Hayes spent most of the night wondering if Lobo and his team were still alive. He sat in his office drinking coffee and watching a monitor display the sunrise outside. The room was dim with most of the light coming from the monitor. He’d gotten very little sleep since the night before. The Helix Project was in jeopardy and he was feeling horrible about what he did to Lobo. Nothing he had done seemed worth it anymore, still, he’d come too far to stop.
“You have a class one priority message.” A voice from the monitor said.
Hayes felt the hairs on his body stand on end. He knew the call would come. All he was expecting was bad news and he braced himself to hear it. He touched a symbol on the screen bringing up a live image of Lobo.
Hayes couldn’t believe his eyes. “Lobo…you made it?” he said.
“We got him, sir,” Lobo said.
“You actually caught one?” Hayes asked.
“Yes, sir,” Lobo answered “We just arrived at Ypres and placed him in the holding cell. He’s still unconscious. He should be awake in a few minutes. I’ll question him myself for anything useful. The mission couldn’t have gone better. We were in and out, everyone made it back in one piece.”
The General leaned in closer to the screen. “Which one did you catch? Is he high priority?” he asked.
Lobo nodded and answered. “Yes, sir. It’s Chip. We got him in South City.”
Hayes slouched back in his chair. “I can’t believe it. You actually pulled it off,” he said. It suddenly dawned on him that this was what he needed all along. “Lobo, is this a secured line?”
“Yes, sir.” Lobo replied.
Hayes sat up straight and cleared his throat before speaking. “Lobo, you know that as your superior, I didn’t have to explain myself or apologize to you for what I did. But…as a friend, I was wrong for what I did, and I’m sorry.”
For his entire military career, Lobo had known Hayes and knew he was sincere when he said ‘sorry’. “No need to apologize, sir.” He responded.
“Why not,” Hayes replied. “You may have just saved more than my career. I have to report this to the council as soon as possible. There’s no way they’ll shut us down now.”
“General, you may come down to take command whenever you’re ready,” Lobo said.
With a faint smile, Hayes shook his head and said. “No, it’s your show, you run it. I’m going to see what I can do with the council. If you need anything let me know.”
“What about the mechas, sir,” Lobo asked. “What about the Hyper Hunters?”
In his cheerful mood, Hayes had forgotten about the mechas. “I think…I’m going to go ahead and wrap them up.”
“Understood, sir. Good luck!” said Lobo.
“Good luck to you too and good job, Lieutenant,” Hayes said, before ending the transmission.
Lobo could feel a great sense of relief with everything. He even noticed that Hayes appeared reenergized.
Camp Ypres was a secret military base under Lobo’s command. Unlike other bases, it was mostly buried in a mountain. The base was mainly made-up of labs and guard posts.
Lobo’s own personal quarter was average with the barest necessities. After putting on more formal military attire, he stepped out from his room into the busy corridor and walked a short distance to the holding cells.
The effects of a dampening field could be seen emanating inside the cells. Only one had an occupant. Chip sat on a bed angrier with himself than he’d ever been in his life. His hands were bound together by an odd luminescent substance that looked like goop. No matter how much he pulled and stretched it, the goop felt like it wanted to hold its shape no matter what. He could also feel the disruptor device Lobo placed on the back of his neck. It was also really embarrassing to have been caught, especially being as powerful as he was.
Lobo stood in front of the cell. “My name’s Lobo. How are you feeling?” he asked.
Chip gave no answer. He’d seen enough movies to know how these kinds of interrogations worked and wasn’t about to be used. He stared straight at the titanium wall ahead.
Lobo placed a chair in front of the cell and sat. “You’re in a cell under the effect of a dampening field,” he said. “I’m sure you’re familiar with it. Your hands are bound in an electromagnetic gel, which we can easily take off. The disruptor on the back of your neck momentarily disrupts brainwaves, knocking out anything with half a brain unconscious. I should warn you that if you take any aggressive action against us it will automatically knock you out. Now, this is just fair information for you. I’m not here to hurt you or question you.”
Chip sat quietly, still staring at the wall.
“We know who you are, Chip,”  Lobo continued. “Believe me; we know a lot about you. Like I said I’m not here to question you, but I do need to ask for your help.”
Chip slowly looked over at Lobo and said. “You’re going to need a lot of help when my friends find out about me.”
Lobo stood and leaned against one side of the cell. “Are you talking about the ones in the forest or the mansion?” he asked, then adding, “Please remember the disruptor on the back of your neck.”
Nothing in the world could describe the intense range of emotions and thoughts that suddenly filled Chip. In short, he wanted to explode out of the cell and kill every single person in the base, and if Lobo hadn’t reminded him of the disruptor he would have attempted it.
Chip walked over to Lobo, just shy of the dampening field’s edge. “If you go anywhere near them I swear you won’t live to regret it.”
Lobo stepped back. “That’s what I’m hoping to avoid,” he said. “That’s why I need your help.”
“Why would I help you?” Chip asked.
“Think of it as helping your friends,” Lobo replied. “You see, up until a few minutes ago my superior was bent on killing every single superhuman in the world. With your capture, I’ve been able to adjust his thinking.”
“Good for you! That still doesn’t answer my question.” Chip said, believing everything Lobo was saying could be a ruse.
“You were the first one we found. You’re the one who led us to your friends,” Lobo said. “For over a year we’ve been watching all of you and another large group of superhumans. I kept all this information a secret because I knew if General Hayes found out about it he’d send every mecha after you. The biggest reason I didn’t say anything was that your friend, Michael, saved my life once. I don’t think that you’re a bad person. In fact, I know you’re not. I do believe that you and your friends are just the victims of very bad circumstances.”
For some reason, Chip wanted to believe Lobo. His brain told him one thing and his heart said another. “What do you want?” he asked.
“One way or another we have to get your friends,” Lobo answered. “I figure if they turn themselves in it’ll look good. I’d rather not go after them, but I can’t keep their location a secret forever.”
Chip didn’t know what to do. He sat back down contemplating.
“I know it’s a tough decision,” Lobo said. “You can give me your answer tomorrow. Don’t worry about your friends. For now, they’re safe.”
Lobo then left.
Disappointed with himself, Chip wondered when and how he made the mistake of being followed to his friend’s homes. He had always thought that he was more careful than he had to be, always said to himself that if he had to he’d sacrifice himself to protect them. Now, he was faced with the most gut-wrenching decision he ever had to make.
At Gateway, Hayes reminisced. He watched Omega, standing completely motionless, absorbing all the information being fed into its head.
It was still early in the morning and a few technicians were starting to go to work in the lab.
Hayes had made a difficult choice, but it was the obvious right one. Like Lobo, he now felt at ease. The stress and tension that plagued him for the last several years seemed to disappear.
One of the technicians, Park, passed by saying. “Man, I feel sorry for whoever runs into this one. Don’t you, General?” After a few seconds with no response, he began to feel awkward and looked like that sales associate who tried to say ‘Hi.’ to the district manager, but the busy manager just kept going, not paying any attention to the lowly associate.
Hayes then said. “I want everyone to get their things together and report for reassignment. All of the mechas are being decommissioned.”
“Uh…yes, sir.” Park said, feeling a little good now that he was back on the General’s ‘something list’.
Confused, everyone in the room began to pack their things. As they did, some watched Hayes as he went over to a control console.
“Omega, initialize your shutdown protocol,” Hayes said, operating the console. He didn’t know why, but for some reason, shortly after that moment, he began to feel very uneasy. It was because out of the corner of his eye he could see Omega and it wasn’t doing anything. He slowly looked up and saw it staring at him.
“Omega, initialize your shutdown protocol! That’s an order.” Hayes said again.
“No.” Omega responded.
Hayes did his best to not look nervous, though it was hard considering what Omega was capable of. Improbable as it might have been, he knew there could be several things wrong. “Run a diagnostics,” he ordered the technicians.
The techs moved to their workstations in the most non-threatening manner they could.
“Omega, why can’t you comply?” Hayes asked, trying to move as little as possible. Not knowing what was wrong, he worried that Omega might view any movement as hostile.
“Because of Directives One and Five,” Omega answered.
Within seconds the technicians had run a battery of scans. “General, diagnostics show nothing is wrong,” said Park.
“What is Directive One and Five?” Hayes asked. Though he knew, he wanted to hear Omega’s interpretation.
The Directives were a list, or rules, for the mechas to follow. They were actually more like laws that could never be broken. All of them were created by Hayes himself.
Omega answered. “Directive One: To protect humans from the anomalies identified as superhuman. Directive Five: Preserve self.”
“General,” Park called. “We can’t find anything technically wrong. It must be choosing to not listen!”
“Well, there’s gotta be a reason for it!” Hayes said.
“Must be broken,” said Park.
Omega then made a sudden move toward Hayes and said. “Your decision to decommission the mechas interferes with Directive One and Five. As the leader of the mechas, I will not allow this!”
Everyone froze in fear. Hayes was even a little scared, though he had to do something. He began to approach Park asking. “Can we shut it down remotely?”
As Hayes walked past, Omega struck him hard in the ribs. He fell to his knees moaning in pain. “Damn it!” he wailed.
Park reached for a console. Omega charged at him with impressive speed and smashed the console with a single kick. It then picked Park up with one hand and tossed him across the floor.
Everyone huddled together on one side of the room. The next thing they heard was gunfire erupting just outside the lab.
Two human soldiers burst in. “General, we have to get you out! The mechas just turned on us!” one of them said. It didn’t take long for them to realize the dire situation in the room. Both soldiers aimed and fired their weapons.
Each bullet bounced off Omega’s body as it slowly approached the soldiers. As soon as it got close enough, it used a quick combination of moves to disarm both soldiers and knock them unconscious.
Several hunters then came running into the lab and began to round everyone up.
“It must be controlling them from the remote in its head,” Park said.
Hayes couldn’t believe what was happening. One moment it seemed like smooth sailing and the next, everything came crashing down. He desperately tried to think of a solution, but he couldn’t stop thinking of what the mechas might do. His greatest concern was that with so many mechas in place around the world, it could be next to impossible to defeat them.
Omega grabbed Hayes by the collar and pulled him from the crowd. “You’re coming with me!” it said. They looked at one another, and in that instant, Hayes saw in its cold red ring that he had created an enemy far worse than a superhuman.
3.12

It was almost noon. In Altair, the WSC building was completely surrounded by mechas. The city itself appeared more deserted than it had ever been. Dozens of transports came and went, each of them dropping off loads of people. None of them looked happy to be there, some yelled in protest while others were scared for their lives. Hunters marched them into the building in single-file lines.
Hayes transport was among those arriving. It hovered around for several moments looking for a spot to land. After one transport close to the building took off, Hayes’ came to a landing and opened its doors.
The General and some of the people from his base stepped out being escorted by Omega and several hunters.
Looking around at all the people being led inside the WSC building, Hayes recognized many of them to be world leaders; presidents, and ambassadors. It was exactly as he had feared. In the time it had taken for them to get from his base to the WSC, the mechas were able to kidnap most or all of them.
“I can’t believe this is happening,” Park said, marching behind Hayes. “Who are all these people?”
“Everyone here is someone who can make a difference,” Hayes answered. “These people are a threat to them.”
As he walked, Hayes spotted something he wished he didn’t see being carried into the WSC building. “Oh my god,” he said.
“What?” Park asked.
“Do you see that beach ball-sized sphere those two hunters over there is taking into the building?” Hayes said.
Parked looked and saw what Hayes was talking about and replied. “Yeah.”
“That’s a neutron bomb,” Hayes responded.
Park shuddered. “What’s going to happen to us, sir?” he asked.
It was a question Hayes didn’t want to think about. There were literally hundreds of people being marched into the building. The only answer he could give was. “I honestly don’t know.”
Inside the building, the mechas were using all of the rooms to lock in groups of people like prisoners. Hayes and his group were led to the council’s chamber. He immediately noticed that the room was well lit compared to every other time he’d been there. The second thing he saw, and for the first time, were the council members sitting in their usual spots.
“I hope there is a very good explanation for this, General,” Ryan said as the doors closed behind Hayes.
“I wish there was,” Hayes said, taking an extra seat. “Park, you’re the tech! What happened? I want an answer!”
Park didn’t have a good answer either and that made him nervous as all eyes in the room focused on him. “Um…well, it looks like Omega made the decision to disobey its orders and like I said before, it must be using the command remote installed in its head to send orders to the other mechas.”
“But how could it decide to disobey an order,” Hayes asked. “We never had any problems with Alpha.”
Park sadly shook his head and said. “Sir, it could be just as simple as Omega said. You got in the way of its directive and it decided otherwise.”
Hayes grunted in frustration. He rubbed his aching side where Omega had hit him.
“Excuse me,” Ryan said. “What’s going on?”
Hayes explained, “To make a long story short, we were secretly developing an advanced mecha. Several hours ago it turned on us and took control of the mecha army.”
“How did it take control of the mechas?” Ryan asked.
Hayes chuckled as if he found the situation humous. “The command remote in its head allows it to send orders to any mecha on the planet.” He said.
“Are you insane,” Ryan asked. “Why would you give it that kind of capability?”
“Because that’s what it was designed for, to command other mechas,” Park said. “Omega is much smarter and more powerful than any mecha. It was made to fight any superhuman and win, with or without the help of a dampening field. By itself, it could probably even take on two or three superhumans. We made it so advanced that it thinks on its own.”
Most of the council was at the same time a little impressed and even more frightened than before.
Ryan agitatedly asked. “Don’t you have some kind of backup plan for something like this? I’m sure you built an off button somewhere! And what about our human forces, where are they?”
Hayes was starting to get irritated and he let Ryan know it with a mean-looking stare. “The off button was smashed,” he answered. “As for any of our human armies, I’m sure they’re figuring out what’s going on by now. But, I doubt they’ll be able to do much.”
“Why?” Ryan asked.
“Didn’t you see all the people being led inside,” Hayes answered. “They’re delegates from all over the world. Now, what army do you think is willing to touch that?”
The room grew quiet. A feeling of hopelessness filled the air and only seemed to be getting worse by the minute. Hayes could only pray that Lobo would be able to come up with something soon.
At that very moment, Lobo was in his office filling out paperwork. Several beeps rang from the door. “Come in,” he said.
The door opened and Rase stepped in. The concerned look on his face was a dead giveaway for bad news. “We have a problem, sir,” he said. “You need to come down to command right now.”
‘A problem, okay!’ Lobo thought. He almost wasn’t surprised. With everything going so well he figured as much. One look at his command center gave him the feeling that Rase made an understatement.
“A little busier than usual,” Lobo said, as he stepped over to the command console, where several high-ranking officers were crowded. “What’s the problem?”
Sim, who was among the officers, spoke. “Sir, the mechas have gone crazy! There are countless reports of mechas abducting world leaders all over the globe.”
“What?” Lobo said confused. “Contact General Hayes right now.”
“We’re trying, sir,” Sim replied. “We’re not getting a response.”
Lobo checked the console for information on what was happening. “Some of these reports are several hours old,” he said. “Why are we finding out about this now?”
Rase made a sound as if he were clearing his throat. “Sir, other than General Hayes, I don’t think anyone knew to call us,” he said.
“They’ve also taken the Security Council, sir.” Sim continued.
Lobo rubbed both hands across his head as if he’d just been hit with the biggest headache ever. “Has anything else been hit? Any civilian or military installations?” he asked.
“The mechas have seized all of their factories,” Sim said
“What about casualties?” Lobo asked.
“Were not sure how many, but there are reports,” Tripp replied.
Lobo rubbed his eyes hoping it was all a dream. “Have any of our forces made a move?” he asked.
“No, sir, but they’re definitely on high alert,” Sim responded. “We’re also picking up a lot of military activity from other nations.”
“What’s the status of the mecha army?” Lobo then asked.
“That’s kind of hard to explain,” Sim said as he used the command console to bring up a holographic image of the mecha’s locations. “We don’t know what they’re up to. If they wanted to they could’ve caused a lot more damage than they did. Right now there’s no fighting. They only seem to be interested in their factories and Altair is in their hands, but the city seems fine for now.”
“Keep monitoring all mecha activity,” Lobo said. “I want all human teams suited up and ready to go ASAP.”
A soldier then burst into the room. “Sir, someone or something just hacked into our computers.”
“Can’t you do anything about it?” Lobo asked.
“It’s too late,” he answered. “They were already in the system. They broke through all of our safeguards in seconds and downloaded everything. At the rate they were going there was nothing we could do.”
In a small room located deep inside the WSC building was a computer center filled with monitors displaying all kinds of information. Omega was plugged in, soaking in everything it could. The supercomputer was a databank of almost any and all information in the world. The speed at which the information was absorbed was represented in how fast it by on the screens. Omega had been sitting there for several hours, learning and thinking. When it finally finished, it made a sound that could only be described as laughter.
Hours passed, inside the council’s chamber, the mood was horrible. It was so quiet you could hear a pin drop. Hayes didn’t need anyone to tell him it was his entire fault. He could accept that and whatever consequences he’d face if he made it out alive.
The doors slowly opened and Omega walked in. Everyone shuddered in fear as they watched it step up to the podium.
“In the last few hours I have learned a lot,” Omega said. “You humans are very careless and reckless. Since the beginning of your recorded history, you have fought and killed each other for senseless reasons. You are segregated by trivial differences and are very irrational.”
Hayes suddenly jumped from his seat saying. “Omega, you have to stop this! You’re supposed to protect us remember?”
Omega looked down at Hayes and spoke. “Directive One: To protect humans from the anomalies identified as superhuman. After careful examination of all data regarding these superhumans, I have come to a conclusion. Superhumans are the result of your species deliberately tampering with your DNA. Superhumans, by definition, are simply modified, humans! Therefore, you must be protected from yourselves!”
Hayes’ jaw literally dropped. He couldn’t think of anything to say.
Omega continued. “I have also discovered your Ark Program. Since you will now be subjugated you will not be allowed access to it. It is now a mecha program.”
“Good God, no!” Ryan said as he jumped from his seat. “What are you going to do with it?”
Omega didn’t answer, instead, the doors behind it opened and it left the room.
Ryan marched over to Hayes and said. “Do you realize what you’ve done? Do you have any idea how important the Ark is to us?”
Hayes sat down unwilling to argue. It was pointless. There was nothing he could do anyway so why bother he thought. All he could do was hope for a miracle.
3.13

At about mid-morning the next day, Michael and Meryl were treading carefully through the forest. Their senses were on their highest alert.
It was a great day to be outside. The sky was clear and the wind was calm. Michael and Meryl hopped down a small incline and followed a stream of water.
Meryl was becoming frustrated. “Where is she?” she asked. “We’ve been looking for almost ten minutes.”
“You know if she wanted to,” Michael said. “She could smack us right in the face and get out before we knew what happened.”
“Quit exaggerating,” said Meryl. “You did good last time you and her sparred. I swear you get stronger and faster all the time. Pretty soon Ele will have a hard time keeping up with you.”
“That’s not what Chip and Cross say,” Michael said. “Even if I live to be a hundred, I’ll never be as strong or as fast as you because I don’t have that energy thing.”
“Didn’t they say your DNA is changing,” Meryl asked. “So what if one day it changes and you suddenly have it?”
“It only changes when it has to,” Michael said.
Meryl grabbed Michael by the arm stopping him in his tracks and said. “But, what if one day the only way you could win was for you to change so that you became more powerful than anything in the world.”
Michael smiled. “Wouldn’t that be interesting?” he wondered.
With the way they were living, Michael had no desire to be any stronger. He already blamed his living condition on his powers. The only thing he wanted now was as normal a life as possible.
As they continued downstream Meryl asked. “So when do you plan on asking me about moving?”
Michael stopped again. “How’d you know about that?” he asked.
“I overheard you and Chip talking about it,” Meryl answered. “I actually heard the entire conversation.”
“I didn’t say anything because I wasn’t sure what to do,” Michael said. “I don’t think Ele would have a problem with it, but what do you want?”
Thinking for a second, Meryl replied. “I want you and Ele. As long as I have you two, that’s all that matters to me. I’ll support whatever decision you make.”
“Aren’t you a little worried about what might happen,” Michael asked. “I mean what if we get caught?”
Meryl shrugged saying. “Like I said. You’ve got my support.”
“I don’t want you to go just 'cause I want to go,” Michael said. “I want you to be happy. Do you really like it here?”
After a second of thought, Meryl shook her head and answered. “Not really.”
Michael had thought, at first, the forest would be a nice place to settle down. He always thought it was a beautiful area, but was in total agreement with Meryl. “Do you want to go?” he asked.
Meryl nodded saying. “Yeah.”
At a distance, Ele was doing a little hunting of her own. Being alone was not something new to her. She never had any friends, even when she once lived on a farm with her mother. Because of her powers, school was out of the question but she loved to learn. Her mother, father, Chip, and the TV were her teachers. She absolutely loved any channel that taught about history, technology, or animals.
Even now, Ele was having the time of her life. Searching around for her parents in a vast forest was like playing a video game. For the last several weeks she’d been going bored out of her mind with nothing to do.
The forest around her was thick with trees. She knew an important part of stalking was to be as quiet as possible, so she hovered just above the ground to avoid making any noise. There were all kinds of things moving about. With her abilities, she was able to filter or focus on specific sounds and movements.
Ele was startled when a Hyper Hunter, Munky, suddenly jumped out from the bushes in front of her. Until that moment, she had never actually seen a mecha. Chip had described them before, and the one sitting in front of her looked nothing like it. Her first instincts were to smash the mecha to bits and run, but Munky’s innocent and playful look melted her heart. “Hello!” she smiled.
Munky smiled back and waved its hand. It began to parade around like a typical monkey would and made some mechanical-sounding monkey cries.
Ele was positive it wasn’t a threat. “Ohh, you’re so cute! Are you lost?” she asked.
Munky leaped onto a branch and waved for Ele to follow it.
Michael and Meryl walked side-by-side next to a stream. Being as quiet as possible, they were doing their best to find their daughter before she found them. Both were anxious because for them Ele was the ultimate test, she was only a little girl, and yet she was stronger and faster.
As minutes passed, Michael was beginning to worry. “Something’s wrong.” He looked upward and noticed a dampening field’s shimmering effect in the sky.
Meryl looked up as well and saw it. Their first instincts were to cry out for Ele and they did so to attract any attention to them.
Ele meanwhile was in hot pursuit of Munky. She didn’t realize at first that she was running hard and having trouble keeping up with the mecha. “Wait a minute! What’s going on?” she said coming to a stop. She then heard her parent’s calls from halfway across the forest and was beginning to get scared. “Mom! Dad!”
Squib jumped down from a tree with its tentacles lashing out and snaring Ele. It immediately sent a current of electricity through its tentacles causing Ele to scream in pain.
The moment Michael and Meryl heard their daughter’s cry they ran off as fast as they could in the direction it came from. It was the first time either of them had been under the effects of a dampening field, but they easily jumped over any gap or obstacle with their still intact super strength.
Munky placed a disruptor-like device on the back of Ele’s neck as soon it could. Like her godfather, Chip, Ele was hit with a feeling of dizziness before losing consciousness. Squib picked her up and carried her to the edge of the forest where a transport ship was waiting.
Aside from Ele’s first scream, Michael and Meryl had nothing to help track her. Their senses couldn’t pick up anything but the natural sounds of the forest. It seemed like an eternity went by until eventually, they came to a small clearing. Both parents frantically scanned the area in all directions and they still couldn’t find anything. Off in the distance, they could hear the transport ship as it took off at high speed, and a minute later the dampening field dissipated.
“Ele!” Meryl cried out.
“Over there.” Michael pointed as a hunter emerged from the forest. It slowly approached them holding a small GPS (Global Positioning System) in its hands.
Meryl could barely contain her rage. Michael could feel the faint aura of energy emanating from her body. “Where’s my daughter?” she demanded.
“We have her,” the hunter said. “If you want to see her again you’ll have to go to Sedna Island.”
“Where’s that?” Michael asked.
The hunter handed Michael the GPS. “You must be there by tonight.” It said.
“Oh, we’ll be there,” Meryl said brashly. She wanted to blast the hunter out of the sky as it flew away.
Michael checked the GPS. “You know how to use one of these?” he asked, handing it to Meryl.
She looked and said. “That island shouldn’t be more than two hours away if we fly at top speed.”
“What do you think?” Michael asked.
“They planned this!” Meryl said crushing the GPS.
“Hey, don’t we need that?” Michael asked, thinking Meryl lost control of herself.
“I know where it’s at, and besides,” Meryl replied. “That thing probably had a tracking device.”
“How do you know they planned this?” Michael wondered.
“We know this place inside and out,” Meryl answered. “They didn’t want to fight us here, so they’re making us go to them. Don’t be surprised if there’s an ambush waiting for us.”
Michael clenched his fists in anger saying. “Stupid robots and their damn kryptonite! Let’s go!”
“Wait, we’re gonna need firepower,” Meryl said. They hastily made their way to a cave and after a short trek inside came to an outcropping of large rocks.
“Since when do we have guns?” Michael asked.
“Since Chip first told us about the dampening fields,” Meryl said, moving one of the rocks to reveal a small cache of guns wrapped in cloth. “I’ve always had my gun, and a while back I snuck into a base and took some stuff.”
“Your gun?” Michael said curiously.
Meryl unveiled a pistol with its holster and gave it to Michael.
Michael was instantly hit with the memory of when he first saw it a long time ago in Meryl’s apartment. “I can’t believe you still have this,” he said in amazement.
Meryl slung a rifle over her shoulder and explained to Michael how the gun worked. “This switch is for the different fire modes. You have standard, rapid, and armor-piercing. It should be fully loaded, and don’t forget about the safety, right here.”
“Don’t worry, I can handle this,” Michael said, easily equipping the holster. “I use to be a bounty hunter, remember?”
“I didn’t know you used a gun,” Meryl said.
“I didn’t. I just carried one for looks.” Michael replied.
At that moment they gave each other a warm reassuring smile, but they could feel one another’s fear for Ele.
“I’m scared.” a teary-eyed Meryl whispered.
“Me too, but I know we can do this,” Michael said, holding Meryl’s hand. “We’re gonna get our girl back.”
3.14

Chip sat in his cell ready to beat himself up. He hadn’t slept at all. The only thing on his mind was how to escape.
Lobo entered the room and stood by the cell. “I seriously need your help.” He said.
Chip looked over. “You already said that.” He replied.
Lobo nodded saying. “That was different. Now we have a very bad situation on our hands. The entire mecha army has gone renegade.”
“Good.” Chip laughed, thinking Lobo might be trying to trick him into turning his friends in.
“All of the major world leaders have been captured and are being held prisoner by the mechas,” Lobo said.
“What are you trying to pull here?” Chip asked becoming agitated.
“This isn’t a joke!” Lobo replied. “Your friends are in trouble and it may already be too late to help them. If you’re willing to listen I’ll shut the field down and remove the disruptor. I just need you to come with me and I’ll show you what’s going on.”
Chip kept trying to convince himself it was a trick, but Lobo’s offer seemed too desperate. He nodded, agreeing to hear what Lobo had to say.
“Shut it down,” Lobo ordered. The dampening field dissipated and he stepped inside the cell to remove the disruptor by inputting a code in a device wrapped around his wrist. “We have a plan, but we don’t have much time. Follow Me.”
The disruptor fell off Chip’s neck and he followed Lobo to an empty conference room.
“Have a seat,” Lobo said, pointing to a chair next to his. He activated a holographic imager on the table to illustrate the situation. “As I mentioned earlier, the mecha army went renegade and captured just about all of the world’s leaders. They’re being held at Altair. Right now, no army is willing to move against them. We’ve been monitoring the mechas and it looks like they’re gathering the bulk of their force to take South City.”
“What’s in South City?” Chip asked.
“The Ark,” Lobo replied. “It’s supposed to be secret, but we’ve very recently learned of its existence. It’s a ship for carrying a large number of people to another planet. I’ve heard it’s already complete. If the mechas are going to South City it’s because of the Ark. We just don’t know what they want with it. Maybe they want to destroy it or take it for themselves, who knows. All I know is that if we don’t move now, the mechas will have control of it by the end of tomorrow and we can’t let that happen.”
“What about my friends?” Chip asked.
“The mechas hacked into our computers so it’s very likely they found out where your friends are,” Lobo answered. “Now the only way I see it, we’re the only ones who can do anything to help them and those hostages.”
There was no decision to be made, for Chip, being Ele’s godfather made her, Michael, and Meryl family. And he would do anything for them. “Alright,” he nodded. “Count me in. You have a plan?”
“I want to send you with one of my men to the Pandora Jungle. That’s where you’ll find some superhumans hiding in a temple. We need you to convince them to help us. A large force of ours is assembling to move into South City but they won’t get there in time. We just need to hold the city, or the Ark at least, until they arrive.”
“What about Michael and Cross?” Chip wondered.
“I’m gonna try and get them to help with the hostages,” Lobo answered.
“Well you’d better see Michael first,” said Chip. “Cross will likely kill you on site. Other than that, I’m sure they’ll lend a hand.”
Chip was silent for several seconds watching the images, and then he said. “I don’t know about this. I mean, your plan needs to work out just right. Those superhumans in the jungle don’t know me! Why would they listen? Michael’s a good man, but heck, even I don’t think I can believe you. And to top it off, you’re going to gamble all those hostage’s lives on what I’m sure is a hunch.”
“Look, I know it’s a long shot,” Lobo replied. “But it’s all we’ve got.”
Chip looked again at the holographic images in front of him. “Man, it looks like something out of a war movie.”
“That’s not far from the truth,” Lobo said. “We are at war.”
On the fourth floor of the Charon Estate, Cross sat at his desk looking at old family photos. The only light in the room came from a desk lamp shining down on the pictures.
Ric was busy repairing the furnace in the basement. Lizzy sat by watching and handing him tools.
Ric sat up and brushed his hands. “See, replacing a pilot ain’t nothing.” He said.
“Whatever, I’ll stick to laundry,” said Lizzy.
Alex and Mason were in the middle of rearranging a rec room. The room was so huge that there was a large third-floor balcony overlooking it. It had almost everything you could think to put in such a room; bar, pool table, and various casino games. It was also one of the few rooms in the house that had any modern amenities.
Alex sat in a chair watching Mason move a big screen TV. “I’m telling you, that’s not a good spot for the TV,” he said. “Look, you can see the window in it! I hate that!”
Mason grunted in frustration. “Fine then,” he said. “Where else can we put it?”
Alex carried his chair to another part of the room and sat down. “Let’s try here,” he replied. “Put it in this corner.”
Mason grunted again. He easily lifted the large TV and set it up. “There, if you want it moved – do it yourself!” he said, tossing the remote.
The remote spun sideways and hit Alex in the face. “Argh!” he cried. “What the…”
“Whoa!” Mason laughed. “What happened? Didn’t you see it coming?”
Alex wasn’t hurt, just surprised and a bit on edge. “I don’t know! I saw it,” he said. “I just couldn’t react fast enough.”
Mason grew nervous from the worried look on Alex’s face and said. “You better be playing around.”
Alex got up and ran to a window. His heart dropped when he saw a sky filled with a dampening field. Both men then heard a loud crash come from downstairs. Neither of them was sure of what to do even though they had an idea of what was happening. What sounded like a dozen people running up the stairs was enough to make them shiver. It was like they had been hiding from Nazis and had been found.
“Just stay calm,” Mason said, standing side-by-side with Alex.
A set of fancy wooden doors was the only way in. The sound of the footsteps was coming straight for them, getting louder and louder. Before either of them could say anything, hunters came crashing through.
Mason immediately threw his hands forward and fired a small shockwave. Any mecha that was in the way was thrown back into the hall. “C’mon, we have to find the others.” He said.
Both men moved forward just in time to avoid a devastating blast that tore right through the room. They were knocked down just from the force of it traveling right behind them.
“What was that?” Alex asked, peeking out the window to see outside.
The blast had come from a juggernaut standing in the middle of the front lawn.
“Who cares,” Mason yelled, grabbing Alex and pulling him to his feet. “Let's get outta here!”
The hall was full of mechas. There was no time or room for the men to use their special abilities. They punched and kicked their way through till they reached the stairs and ran down. In the foyer, they saw Ric and Lizzy fighting dozens of hunters.
What was once the front door was now a large hole for the mechas to pour through.
The hunters did their best to keep their distance and shoot the superhumans.
Ric’s body was covered with protruding bones which actually protected him a little. He hacked and slashed at any hunter around him.
Lizzy was in a human/dragon hybrid form. Her hardened skin held up well against the hunter’s weaponry. She ran and leaped around using her dragon claws to shear the hunters to pieces.
Alex jumped over the railing and into the middle of a group of hunters. With his power to stretch his body to incredible proportions, he grabbed a hunter in each hand and crushed them.
As he came down the stairs, Mason fired shockwaves at the hunters coming into the house. Some of them were thrown right back outside. Others who were unlucky enough to be pushed toward the ground simply shattered under the pressure.
Alex spotted a juggernaut outside moving into a position where it would be able to fire its PBW at them. With so many hunters pressing them, it would be next to impossible for everyone to find a safe spot in time.
“Look out!” Alex cried shoving Lizzy and Ric off to one side of the room.
The juggernaut aimed and locked its weapons onto Alex. Just when it was about to fire, Cross crashed through a second-floor window in front of the juggernaut. As he fell, in midair, he hit the juggernaut with a punch so hard that the back-end of it blew outward with wiring and debris.
When Cross landed on the ground he saw another juggernaut some distance away and found himself surrounded by dozens of hunters. He wished that he still had his ability to fire energy blasts, that way he’d wipe out all the mechas in seconds, but the dampening field hindered that, his ability to fly and move at super speed.
Alex wasted no time stretching his arm out and grabbing Cross to pull him back inside the house.
The hunters continued their attack. Most of the ones inside the house were scrap, but there were still plenty more trying to get in. Mason was doing a good job of keeping them out with his shockwaves. Any that slipped by were torn apart by Ric.
“We have to find whatever is generating that dampening field,” Cross said.
“How?” Alex asked. “We can’t even fly!”
Cross looked at Lizzy. “We can’t, but she can!” he said.
Lizzy backhanded a hunter, knocking its head off. “What if I can’t find it?” she asked.
“Then we’re in big trouble,” Cross answered. “Mason, clear a path for her!”
Mason placed both hands in front of him and fired an enormous shockwave that rattled the house. The hole at the front of the house was made even larger and any hunter in the shockwave’s blast zone was thrown a hundred yards away.
Lizzy instantly sprouted wings and took off in the direction of the shockwave. Five condors gave chase from the moment she left the house. Lizzy flew as fast as her wings could go. With the condors shooting at her it wasn’t easy to dodge them and search for the DFG. Even the juggernaut below fired at her with everything it had.
Cross and the guys ran from the house to keep what mechas they could busy. Mason ran toward the juggernaut as fast as he could. He came to a stop several feet away from it. The air around him rippled as he charged his power.
The juggernaut hadn’t noticed Mason at first because it was too busy trying to shoot Lizzy. By the time it did see him it was too late.
Mason fired a shockwave that was so strong it ripped much of the juggernaut apart. The rest of the guys were pummeling mechas left and right, but the hunters just kept coming and several more condors descended from the clouds to attack.
Alex reached out with precise timing to grab a condor as it made a strafing run, and drove it into the ground.
Lizzy frantically scanned the ground for the DFG. She had mostly given up trying to dodge the condors’ weapons; she needed to find the DFG. Her best idea was to fly as high as possible and hope she could see something that would give her a clue. The clouds were no problem, her enhanced vision as a dragon could see right through them. As she looked around, the lights from Eridanus caught her eye, and more interestingly, she could see an unusual amount of mecha activity within the small town. The fact that there were any mechas in the town was unusual. Lizzy dove like a rock straight for the town.
It didn’t take long for the mechas to know she was heading for them. All around Lizzy it suddenly looked like the most intense display of fireworks she’d ever seen. Her heart was pounding like it never did, scared but determined to help her brother, friends, and fiancé. Even with all the explosions and blasts whizzing past her – she kept her focus on finding the DFG. As she closed in she spotted it. The DFG sat at the edge of town guarded by a juggernaut, several hunters, and condors.
Lizzy made a strafing run on the DFG, hitting it with a powerful blast of fire. The DFG was instantly covered in flames. Some of the mechas got lucky and managed to shoot Lizzy enough times to cause her to crash through the roof of a building.
The fire on the DFG was so hot that in seconds it began to melt and completely ruin it.
Cross and the guys at the house could see the sky return to its normal color. With all their powers back, they quickly went to work on easily tearing the mechas apart. Lizzy sprang from the building she’d crashed through and used unfathomable speed to wipe out the mechas that were now in full retreat.
When she finished, Lizzy flew to the house where she found the guys mopping up the last of the mechas. “Is everyone okay?” she asked.
“Thanks to you!” said Ric.
“Great work, Lizzy,” Cross said. “You saved our lives with that stunt.”
Alex and Mason rummaged through the scattered pieces of mechas and debris from the house.
“What are we gonna do now?” Alex asked, kicking a hunter’s head.
“Get your things,” Cross answered. “We’re going to see Michael.”
3.15

Meryl flew as close to the ground as possible. She didn’t want to pop up on any radar or be seen. The only thing on her mind was Ele and how she was going to get her back. She never dealt with mechas before and that made her a little uneasy, especially because they were able to kidnap her daughter.
Ever since Ele was born, all Meryl wanted for her was to have a normal life. Every year it was a reality that seemed to grow more and more distant. Ele was born as normal as any baby. Over a very short time, however, her powers developed and she became the most powerful superhuman.
The only things Meryl could count on were her soldier instincts and Michael. She knew it was the only chance they had of getting their daughter back. Although for the moment, Michael was nowhere to be found.
Meryl had memorized the directions to Sedna Island from the GPS. After nearly two hours of flying, she reached the ocean. Now there was even less to cover her approach, so she flew very low, almost skimming the water.
It was starting to get very cold. Meryl knew she’d been flying far north. Her superhuman body protected her from many extremes in temperature. Her only indication came from the strong winds and snowflakes beginning to fall. The sky was also cloudy and in the water were small glaciers floating about. Far ahead she spotted the silhouette of an island, and the unmistakable effect of a dampening field shimmering over it. As Meryl got closer she could tell the island was about the size of a small country. Within moments she landed on the beach and surveyed the surroundings.
She readied her rifle and hastily made her way through the thick brush. The whole place reminded her of Alaska. Everything was peaceful and the scenery was beautiful, but Meryl wasn’t there for that. She kept her eyes peeled and her ears open. After almost an hour of trekking, she reached the dampening fields area of influence. The only thing protecting her from the cold now was some heavy clothing she was wise enough to wear. It was surprising to her that she hadn’t run into any trouble yet. She thought that could simply be because the mechas were waiting for her to enter the dampening field. But even then, it didn’t appear that anyone or thing was around.
It wasn’t until she finally reached the base that she saw several hunters on patrol. In front of her was the main gate that looked like it could withstand the blast of a tank’s cannon. While hiding in the densely packed trees, Meryl used binoculars to spy on the large base. She hoped that she would spot Ele in one of the buildings inside, but no luck.
“Well, here goes nothing,” Meryl said. She aimed and fired. The blast tore a hunter’s head right off.
Not a moment later did the base’s alarm go off. Meryl tried to destroy any hunters she could before the main gate opened and they came running or hovering out. Because of the light from her rifle’s blast, she could only fire one or two shots before they figured out her location.
As the last hunter chased after Meryl the main gate began to close, but not after Michael was able to sneak in. He’d come in from a separate direction, Meryl’s idea.
The base now appeared to be empty except for a few robots running things around. The middle of the base was a large open area with large crates and barrels strewn around. Michael was surprised to be able to use his superhuman vision. He scanned each building and began to get worried because of the time it might take to find Ele, and Meryl couldn’t hold out forever. In the middle of his search, a laser blast whizzed past his head, missing by inches. It wasn’t a stray shot either – it was meant to get his attention.
Michael turned around and looked up. Flak was hovering over the large open area, and it wasn’t difficult to tell it was looking right at him.
Any Hyper Hunter could ‘see’ Michael, even if he was invisible, because of a special vision mode that allowed them to see the unique energy signature of a superhuman. So a Hyper Hunter could be walking around and easily spot a superhuman trying to blend in with normal people.
“Surrender now!” Flak demanded.
Michael could still hear the firefight between Meryl and the hunters outside of the base. All of the robots that were running around a moment ago were now gone. It was just him and the Hyper Hunter. “Where’s the girl?” he asked.
Flak pointed both arms at Michael. Each of its hands then transformed into a weapon; the left being a Gatling gun, and the right, a high-powered blaster. Its shoulders opened up into small missile systems. “Surrender now!” it repeated.
Michael just stared and said. “Take your best shot.”
With no hesitation, Flak fired its blaster.
Michael made a dashing leap just in time to avoid it. He was surprised to find he still possessed some speed. The leap was more like when a person skips sideways, only, with Michael’s strength it was much faster and farther. The explosion from the blast was so strong that he could feel the heat. That was close! Michael thought, skidding to a stop. He quickly ducked behind the nearest building with Flak firing both of its hand weapons.
From outside the base, Meryl could see and hear the explosions from Flak’s weapons.
Michael wondered how in the world he’d be able to get close enough to get a hold of Flak. His superhuman ability to fly was null. ‘That figures!’ he thought. ‘The one thing I need I don’t have!’ he thought, pulling out his gun, which he was reluctant to use because it was an older weapon and wasn’t sure it’d do anything to a high-tech robot. He quickly checked the gun to make sure the safety was off.
At the sound of what was obviously missiles being fired, Michael quickly ran for cover behind another building. Just before he turned the corner he looked back and fired several shots, some hitting Flak, but as he feared, not causing so much as a scratch.
Flak fired again, and again Michael’s reflexes were just fast enough to get him out of the way. Taking cover between the buildings, he ran around them hoping to catch Flak off guard.
Even with its special vision mode, Flak couldn’t see through buildings. It spotted Michael a few times running past the corners, but it eventually lost track.
Michael set his gun to its rapid-fire mode and began to creep around. When he reached a corner he used his own special vision to see through the building, that way he wouldn’t have to stick his head out.
Flak was nowhere to be found.
Michael couldn’t believe a big noisy machine could just disappear like that. He started to have the feeling that he was the one that was about to get dropped on, and that’s just what happened.
Orion came down on Michael from out of nowhere and grabbed him in a bear hug. It squeezed Michael as hard as it could while shaking him side to side. Unexpectedly, Michael was proving to be stronger than a regular superhuman as he was breaking free of its grip. Not wanting to lose the advantage, Orion swung hard to the side, throwing Michael through a wall.
Disoriented at first, Michael quickly got back on his feet and ran at the towering Orion. Both of them locked hands trying to overpower the other. Michael’s feet sunk two inches into the concrete ground because of Orion’s overbearing size and power pressing down on him. Michael struggled with every ounce of strength he could muster.
Orion’s human-like face was as fearless as it could be. As a machine, it didn’t feel anything as far as emotion or physical stress. But it certainly knew if it was in some physical danger.
Michael’s efforts began to put a ton of stress on Orion’s hands. He could hear the metal hands starting to give way.
Orion violently pulled back trying to break free, but Michael’s grip was tight and in the next second it saw its hands crumble under the pressure. Orion made a noise that sounded like it was in pain. It was able to pull away with pieces of its hands and wiring still falling off. After staggering backward it tried to lunge at Michael with nothing but nubs to attack with.
Michael also lunged, rapidly closing the distance between him and Orion. At the right moment, he threw a punch that broke Orion’s face into a half dozen pieces and sent what was left of the Hyper Hunter backward.
Without a second for Michael to think, Flak suddenly emerged from its hiding place, going airborne and locking its weapons onto him. At that moment it occurred to Michael that he had dropped his gun when Orion attacked.
Flak wasn’t going to give him any time to look for it either. It fired its weapons, each round coming very close to finding its target.
Michael was still in great condition thanks to his superhuman abilities, but all he could do was run and duck behind the crates and barrels lying around. He quickly found it was a bad thing to do when he read a label on some that read: Explosives.
Flak tried repeatedly to hover into the best spot to get at him. To Michael, it would suddenly appear into view and fire its weapons. 
Michael reacted very fast, darting towards the next available hiding spot. After two more close calls, he spotted his gun and made a run for it.
Flak didn’t see the gun, but it saw Michael running carelessly out into the open. It aimed again and fired its weapons relentlessly.
Michael ran as fast as he could. He scooped the gun up and dashed around another crate with explosions riding on his back. Without stopping, he ran to the other side, took aim at Flak, and squeezed the trigger. In a second, fifty bullets wailed out.
Most of the bullets smacked into Flak, causing scratches and dents all over its body. At first glance, it appeared damaged, though it was only armor. It looked down at Michael and saw he was busy adjusting the gun. Both of its hand weapons and shoulder-mounted missiles retracted.
Michael could see Flak’s chest open, the PBW inside rapidly charging up with energy.  He did his best to keep calm and take aim. At the exact same moment Flak fired, he fired. His bullet traveled just over the beam, tore straight through the middle of Flak’s eye and out the back of its head.
Michael just barely managed to avoid a direct hit by the intense beam of energy that hit the ground in front of him. The explosion was strong enough to throw him back against a wall.
Flak with its brain completely destroyed, momentarily floated in place for several seconds till it finally fell and crashed into the ground below.
Michael got back up walked over to Flak’s mangled body. In the distance, he could still hear Meryl’s forest battle with the hunters. With no trouble in sight and no time to waste he decided to go inside the largest building and look for Ele. He pried the doors open with his bare hands easily. In the well-lit building, the first thing he noticed was the huge amount of spare mecha parts lying around and large machinery hanging from the ceiling. The smell was of metal and oil, and there was the sound of heavy machinery running. Other than that it seemed to be completely abandoned.
Michael used his enhanced vision to scan the upper floors. All he could see was junk. There was so much stuff lying around that it was actually quite difficult to make anything out. Looking down revealed a lot of pipes, corridors, and large rooms. After a moment of searching, he spotted Ele lying on the floor unconscious.
Meryl hid on top of a large boulder. She watched as a patrol of five hunters passed by. Her rifle had completely run out of ammo, so now she had to use her best sneak tactics. When the mechas were directly below her she jumped down, grabbing two of them as she landed and smashing them together. One hunter tried to shoot her with its wrist-mounted blaster, but she quickly punched it square in the chest, and drew her elbow back against another. Both of the hunters were damaged beyond function. The last hunter had barely raised its rifle to shoot by the time Meryl kicked its head clean off.
With a new rifle in her hands, Meryl went into stalk mode. All of her trained combat senses were at max. She leaned flat against a tree to give herself a small profile. The area was still active with plenty of hunters looking for her. Several yards away were two coming toward her. It didn’t appear as though they had spotted her yet.
Meryl carefully aimed and fired. The blast struck the hunter in the chest and it fell backward. Seeing the blast’s tracer gave the other hunter Meryl’s exact position. It immediately raised both arms and fired its blasters.
Meryl had no choice but to take cover and move without being seen. Other hunters were already beginning to close in on her. She did her best to avoid them. It was only a matter of time before one stumbled right into her. She quickly shot it several times and attracted more unwanted attention.
What had started out as a game of cat and mouse was now a full-on fight for her life. Hunters were now popping up all around her. Meryl didn’t think of anything at all – she reacted to everything as she had been trained. Any hunter that dared to reveal themselves to her was shot dead in a second. A few blasts came very close to hitting her as she decided to go back to the base. The entire way was a running firefight. Just when she was about to run into the small clearing just outside the base she was struck in the back by a hunter’s blaster. Besides causing her to stagger forward a little, all it did was sting like crazy. And it made her almost as mad as losing her daughter. She quickly spun around and fired a shot that nailed the hunter smack-dab in the forehead. The wound on her back slowly healed till it looked as though nothing had happened.
Meryl could hear the hunters getting very close. She ran at the main gate and jumped high enough to clear it and land on the opposite side. It was surprising to her how little activity was going on inside the base. It wouldn’t be like that for long though – she knew hunters could fly, so it would have been pointless to somehow jam the gate.
Hunters outside the base gathered at the main gate as it opened. When a dozen of them grouped up they carefully entered and used their programmed military tactics to diligently search for Meryl. It didn’t take them long to get to the open area in the middle of the base. They paired off and searched around the large barrels and crates as if they expected to find her hiding behind them.
Meryl had taken a position on top of one of the buildings that overlooked the open area. While the hunters were still busy trying to find her she aimed and fired at an explosive barrel with several hunters standing close by.
The explosion blew most of the hunters away and severely damaged them. What little was left of the group ran to the spot and looked in every direction trying to find their assailant. They still didn’t know where Meryl was. There was only a grouping of two and three hunters standing around.
Meryl peeked over the ledge and shot at another barrel just behind two of the hunters, the explosion sending parts of them flying through the air.
The rest of the hunters spotted Meryl and fired at her, but their vantage point was poor. Their blasts either hit the thick wall or went sailing over.
Meryl was able to easily pick them off one by one with precise shots to the head and chest. After the last hunter fell she carefully looked to see if any more were around. With Michael’s battle against Flak and her own bit of destruction, the area looked like a bomb had been dropped on it.
‘I need to find whatever is creating this dampening field!’ Meryl thought, but had no idea of what a DFG looked like. She hopped down to the ground and broke into a building to begin her search.
3.16

Michael entered on a catwalk high above a large room. There was a light fog hanging in the air. Below were several humongous vats of what to him looked like a scalding liquid and wherever he looked pipes were going in all directions.
It was a cold fusion power plant for the base, and the scalding liquid was actually freezing. The only way out was either the way Michael came in or through a door far on the other side. The catwalk was narrow but toward the middle and the doors very wide. At the center were several control panels lining its edge. It was held up by strong cables and a few pillars underneath.
Michael walked across holding the gun with both hands. The sound of cold liquid traveling through pipes filled his ears. At about midway was when he saw something moving out of the corner of his eye. He quickly looked and aimed his gun, but whatever had been there was gone. The one thing he became very good at while living in the forest was trusting his instincts. He used his special vision to see past the pipes and foggy air.
A small piece of metal then smacked against a pipe.
Michael quickly spun around to see what it was. That was when one of Squib’s tentacles lashed out from behind him and wrapped around his wrists. As the tentacle tried to pull him in one direction he struggled with all his might to aim the gun.
The gun suddenly fired off round after round with some of them hitting the pipes and releasing a liquid that froze anything it came into contact with.
“What the…!” Michael grunted as he tried to break free from the tentacle’s grip. He twisted hard to the side and dropped the gun.
Squib appeared through the smoke, hovering inches off the ground. It quickly raised its other hand extending another tentacle that grabbed Michael by the leg.
Michael struggled as hard as he could to break free. He could pull more slack from the Hyper Hunter but the tentacles themselves were made of a very flexible substance.
Squib sent a surge of electricity through its tentacles so powerful that small bolts of lightning jumped across Michael’s body as it coursed through him.
Michael tensed up for a moment at first and then he seemed to be fine. His adaptive immunity was protecting him. He’d been hit by lightning before when he was exposed to the Phoenix Gene. Since then he’d been mostly immune to it.
To Squib’s curiosity, the electricity did not affect Michael whatsoever.
While still being electrocuted, Michael stood firm and began to use all his might to break the tentacle around his wrists. He strained so hard he thought his eyeballs were going to pop out of his head. With the tremendous amount of power he was exerting, the tentacle finally snapped like a rubber band. Sparks flew out with the end of it falling to the floor and flopping around like a fish. The electrical charge dissipated and the rest of the tentacle retracted back into Squib.
Michael’s leg was still caught by the other tentacle. When Squib suddenly pulled very hard, he lost his footing, fell back, and was dragged across the catwalk a little until grabbing a railing. It was then that he was able to get hold of the tentacle with the other hand and pull back. Again it was like pulling on a rubber band as Squib gave some slack.
Michael looked to his side and saw his gun lying next to him. Squib quickly released him and took cover behind pipes.
Michael grabbed the gun and fired without really aiming. The shot missed and hit the wall. With his vision, he could still see Squib as it hovered around. The only problem was that it was tricky to tell if Squib was behind a pipe or not, and because Michael didn’t have his full speed anymore, by the time he figured a shot, it was too late.
Squib lashed its tentacle out with so much force that it could penetrate a concrete wall.
Michael turned sideways in time to avoid it. He grabbed it and aimed his gun at Squib’s head.
That’s when Alpha suddenly came from out of nowhere and kicked the gun out of Michael’s hand. 
Michael, a little surprised, kept his cool. He even used the tentacle to deflect some of Alpha’s punches and kicks. After several moments though, it became too difficult to hold onto Squib and fight Alpha at the same time.
Michael had no choice but to let Squib go and focus on Alpha. He blocked many of the Hyper Hunter’s attacks with a lot of difficulties, no thanks to Squib, who aggressively kept snaring his arms and leg to throw him off balance. 
Meryl, being a soldier, had taught Michael everything she knew about hand-to-hand combat, but it was only one style.
Alpha had been programmed with every single fighting move known to man. Its advanced brain and life-like body allowed it to fluidly transition from one fighting style to the next or even combine them. The gravity orb also let it perform maneuvers that would normally be impossible to do.
Michael went on the offensive and struck back hard. Alpha’s head was obviously made of a hard metal substance, and he noticed that its body almost felt like a real person’s. He started wondering if it was in fact a mecha, but there was no time for questions and he didn’t really care. The only thing that mattered was getting Ele back.
Michael was on the narrow part of the catwalk with little room to move. The fight with Alpha was going evenly, but he had to go on the defense once Squib jumped in from behind. He dodged or blocked one attack after another, punching and kicking them back when he could. When Squib came back at him he swiped its legs with a kick.
Instead of falling to the ground though, Squib used its gravity orb to keep itself upright, tenaciously going after its foe.
Michael grabbed Squib by the neck and threw it at Alpha hoping to distract it for a second. He thought Alpha would at least help a fellow mecha and go through the trouble of catching Squib and setting it down. So it was a surprise to him when Alpha instead ruthlessly kicked Squib in midair, sending it over the railing.
Even if the fall didn’t ruin Squib, Alpha had kicked it so hard that the only thing holding it together was its wiring.
Michael and Alpha continued their battle on the catwalk. With all the fighting styles it knew, Alpha seemingly had the upper hand. Its moves were perfectly executed, and its power was bone-crushing.
Michael did his best to land punch after punch, with a kick here and there. After about a minute he noticed that Alpha was strong, maybe a little too strong. The worry that maybe exhaustion was starting to kick in began to creep up.
No way! It’s too early! Michael thought. The fight was beginning to feel more and more like one with a superhuman. He let Alpha go on the offensive, and with a quick strafing move he knocked it down with a hit to the back of the neck. “Who are you?” he asked.
Alpha slowly rose to its feet. “I am Alpha, leader of the Hyper Hunters,” it responded. “You fight quite well, better than expected.”
“Are you some kind of half-human-half-robot?” Michael asked.
Alpha shook its head and answered. “Not really, but I guess you could call me half-superhuman-half-robot.”
“You’ve got to be kidding me,” Michael said.
“You know,” Alpha began. “Your style is imperfect and you tire. It is only a matter of time before I overtake you.”
Michael faintly smiled at the mecha and took his fighting stance.
Alpha ran at him and violently attacked with a combination of punches and kicks, still appearing to have the upper hand.
Michael fought back, striking when he could, where he could. The fight continued in this way for about a minute. He waited patiently for the right moment to catch one of Alpha’s kicks and throw it with all his strength over the railing.
Alpha crashed through several pipes. The liquid inside the pipes sprayed out and froze on contact with its body. As it fell, its body rapidly became stiff. It attempted to use its gravity orb to slow its fall, but the orb was damaged by the intense cold.
Michael watched as Alpha smacked the ground and shattered into dozens of pieces. He took a quick look around to see if any more mechas were waiting to try and ambush him. Not knowing how well Meryl was doing, he could waste no time and Ele was not much further ahead.
When he entered the next room he immediately noticed that it was considerably bigger than the previous one. It had next to nothing in it, aside from pipes that ran along the walls, here there was only a moderately wide catwalk that ran from one end to the other. The ceiling was twenty feet in the air and there was no ground to be seen.
Michael walked at a brisk pace hoping he wouldn’t run into any trouble. He reached the door and had to pry it open like all the others. As he was about to step through he heard a thump off to the side. He slowly turned his head and saw Munky’s poking out from around a pipe. At first glance, he thought it was very odd-looking and was certain it was probably a low-end drone. He remained motionless waiting to see if the mecha would do anything.
Munky suddenly ducked behind the pipe to hide. Like a curious child, it kept peaking out to see if Michael was still there looking.
Michael grunted and moved on.
The next room was another filled with spare mecha parts. It had a spooky look with parts hanging from the ceiling like in a slaughterhouse. Michael cautiously moved around to avoid making a lot of noise. Halfway through the room, he heard a loud clang behind him and immediately turned to see what it was. It was Munky, who had accidentally knocked something over trying to follow him.
Munky still acted as though it was completely harmless, scared-like, ducking behind a mecha’s torso hanging from the ceiling and poking its head out.
“Stop following me you little creep,” Michael said.
Munky dropped down and ran off into a hole among the mecha parts.
Michael traveled through a few more rooms not much different than the first few he’d been through, and down a winding flight of stairs. Eventually, he came to a set of metallic double doors. Using his enhanced vision he saw through it and spotted Ele.
The room was about the size of a ballroom. It was well lit but had nothing in it except for six metal pillars laid out in a circle in the middle of the room, and lying at the center of the pillars was Ele.
Michael pried the doors open and immediately went toward his daughter. He had just reached one of the columns when he heard a mechanical voice behind him.
“You must be good to make it this far,” Slash said.
Michael turned to face the Hyper Hunter. As with most people, the first thing he noticed about the mecha was the blades on its head, shoulders and elbows. “I’m just here to get my daughter back. You got enough parts here to make your own kid without having to steal mine.”
Slash laughed and said. “You won’t be making any more jokes after I run you through!”
Michael, a little disturbed by Slash’s response, had to ask. “Did you just laugh?”
“Yeah, I couldn’t help it really,” Slash said. “Programmed algorithms! I’m sure it was a pretty bad joke. Anyways, I’ve also been programmed to kill you. No hard feelings, huh?”
The blades on the Slash’s elbows extended out and seethed with energy. For a second it calculated every possible attack and counter-attack.
Michael just waited to get out of the way as soon as he could. Even though it was only for a moment, to him it seemed like he’d stood there for an eternity. Slash then suddenly jumped at him. If Michael hadn’t ducked as quick as he did, one of the energy blades would have sliced his head off.
Slash attacked at a hectic pace.
Michael quickly backed away, dodging and blocking more than he would have liked. It was only thanks to the speed he had that he managed to get in some hard hits. Several times he was able to make the mecha inadvertently drive or slice its blades across a pillar. The blades cut through them like a hot knife through butter.
Munky climbed into the room through a vent in the ceiling. It carefully moved around the pillars to avoid being seen by Michael. The sphere centered at its chest began to glow with more intensity as it crept closer.
Slash stopped its relentless attack and backed away. “Will you stop making this hard on yourself,” It said. “You can die now with a little dignity, or later on your hands and knees tired!”
“I don’t die that easily,” Michael said with a hint of sarcasm.
“Oh really,” Slash mocked, reaching back and pulling the blades from its shoulders. “I know all about your adaptive immunity! We’ve known about it since before we ever left the assembly line. The good news is that you’re one tough cookie. The bad news is you’re not as invulnerable as you think. All I have to do is cut your head off!”
Michael couldn’t help but slightly quiver. Slash was right. If his head was destroyed or completely severed from his body he was pretty sure there would be no coming back from it.
Munky crawled around the pillar nearest to Michael’s back. Its sphere was fully charged and ready to explode.
Slash began charging its blades up with energy. “You’re not too fast without your superhuman speed are you?” It asked.
Michael’s veins were filled with adrenaline. He could feel all the fights beginning to take their toll on him. One little slip-up is all it would take and he’d be finished, and this was all because of the dampening field. Not being able to use his superhuman speed or ability to fly had made him exert much more energy than he normally would, having to punch as hard as he could and using every muscle to react fast enough. Otherwise, he would have felt like he’d done nothing at all.
Slash drew its hands back and flung both its blades with tremendous force. At that same moment Munky made its move to attack.
Michael quickly turned his body in a way that one of the blades flew behind him, barely grazing the back of his shirt. The other blade flew right past his face and into Munky’s, sending the mecha into the wall where the blades embedded themselves.
Slash didn’t even wait for Michael to compose himself before it began another fierce assault. Its attacks consisted mostly of leaps while spinning to use the blades on its elbows.
Michael backed up against a pillar and waited. Because of Slash’s blades, it was too difficult to get in a clean hit. There was only one more thing he could think of to try. The Hyper Hunter leaped at him again while thrusting its elbow forward. At the very last moment, Michael ducked under the blade. He grabbed Slash’s arm and used its own momentum to spin it around, exposing its back. With a single powerful blow, he punched straight through the mecha.
Slash let out a death cry that sounded like a man screaming down a well.
With a tired jerk of his arm, Michael threw the Slash off and ran to his daughter. “Ele, are you okay?” he asked picking her up but received no response. He almost immediately noticed the disruptor on the back of her neck.
Back on the surface, Meryl smashed another door down. The large room was actually more of an enclosure because there was no roof. Beyond her was the DFG, and even though she had never seen one before, she was sure it was creating the dampening field. She looked at it to see if there was a way of turning it off. On the side of the DFG was a tiny console. Meryl touched some of the symbols with no results. Time was against her and her family, so naturally, she quickly became frustrated and punched the DFG very hard.
Several dozen pieces flew from DFG and the dome cracked. The colorful fog inside dissipated to a murky gray color and seeped through the cracks.
Meryl had a feeling that all of her powers were fully restored, and she knew for sure when she saw a beautiful blue sky.
Michael emerged from a building carrying Ele. He looked up to see the sky and took a much need breath of fresh air.
“Ele!” Meryl cried out as she ran to her.
“It’s no use,” Michael said with a sad look on his face. “She’s alive, but there’s this thing on her neck. I don’t know what it is, and I don’t think we should try taking it off. It might kill her.”
Meryl looked at the disruptor on Ele’s neck. “Oh god,” she said choking back tears.
“Don’t worry, we’ll figure something out,” Michael replied. “Let’s get outta here.”
“Where are we going to go,” Meryl asked. “They know where we live!”
“We have to go back to the forest,” Michael answered.
Meryl looked at him like he was crazy.
“Chip or Cross might come looking for us,” Michael said. “I don’t want them to go and find an army of robots waiting for them.”
Meryl was reluctant but nodded in agreement. “You’re right. We better get a move on,” she said slinging her rifle.
With Ele finally in hand, Michael and Meryl flew off as fast as possible to get back home.
3.17

It was a little afternoon. Chip was sitting next to Sim in a transport ship that moved very swiftly over the treetops of the Pandora Jungle.
“I’m going to drop you off about five miles from the temple,” Sim said. “I’ll point you in the right direction. From there I’ll guide you by radio. If those superhumans see me with you they’ll probably attack.”
Chip stared out the window at the trees below. “Do you think this will work,” he asked. “I mean do you think we’ll make it to South City in time?”
“I’m sure we’ll make it,” Sim assured. “South City was fortified since your kind appeared. Now, it is the most well-armed city in the world. Even if we don’t make it in time the city will be ready.”
“I hope so.” Chip said.
The transport landed in a small clearing and its door opened. Before Chip could step out, Sim handed him a small device.
“Here take this,” Sim said. “It’s a radio. Just put it in your ear and I’ll be able to talk to you.”
“Neat.” Chip said placing the radio in his ear.
“Let’s try and make this quick, alright?” said Sim.
“Don’t worry. We’ll make it as quick and painless as possible.” O’Neil said as he emerged from the brush. He was followed by several others surrounding the transport.
Sim’s first reaction was to go for his weapon. Knowing how fast and strong superhumans were and being surrounded by a dozen of them made it pointless.
“We just want to talk,” Chip said. “Who’s in charge?”
Chip wasn’t worried at all about the superhumans. The energy he possessed was greater than any that surrounded him. He was more worried about his ability to convince them to help.
O’Neil smirked. “You’re in no position to be asking questions! I’m asking the questions! I want to know who you are. How you found us, and what you’re doing here.”
“We don’t have time for this,” Sim whispered to Chip.
Chip thought hard for a way to get the superhumans to listen. The only thing he could come up with was to point one hand to the jungle and fire a large beam of energy that cut everything in its path down.
O’Neil and his men immediately backed away in shock. They knew of the more powerful superhumans like Chip, they just hadn’t expected to ever meet any of them.
“I don’t know what you’re doing with this human, but if you want to talk then you come with me alone,” O’Neil said.
Chip looked back at Sim. He wasn’t sure about leaving him alone with superhumans that might want to kill him.
“Go ahead,” Sim said. “I’ll use the radio if they try anything.”
O’Neil led the way to the temple.
In his head, Chip had pictured a small rundown building. Instead, the ancient temple was a very large and majestic-looking pyramid-like structure with some foliage growing on and around it. It was a step design that had a row of openings into the temple at each step.
“Wow.” Chip whispered at the sight of it.
“She’s a beauty.” O’Neil smiled.
There were several more superhumans standing guard around the temple.
“Duke,” O’Neil called. “Tell Jade we have a visitor.”
“Right away,” Duke said heading into the temple.
“Jade’s in charge of this outfit?” Chip asked. “Must be a strong woman, I like that.”
O’Neil nodded. “Yeah, none of us would be here if it weren’t for her.”
“So how many of you are there?” Chip asked.
“Seventy-six,” O’Neil said dishearteningly.
Chip was stunned by O’Neil’s answer. “Seventy-six,” he wondered. “That’s all! What happened?”
“What were you expecting – an army?” O’Neil replied.
Chip was confused and had to ask. “But I thought…wasn’t there like a thousand of you guys to begin with?”
“Yeah, when we first left the GTC, we were each assigned a city to catch. The people fought back and we retreated, but the GTC was already completely destroyed, and the military was moving in. Anyone who got close was chased out. No one knew what to do or where to go. Jade brought us here. What you see here is probably all that’s left of us.”
Jade stepped out from the temple and spotted Chip. “Who is he?” she asked.
O’Neil answered. “Jade, this is Chip. He’s a superhuman, but not like us. He has the energy strand.”
Jade stood in front of Chip. “We looked everywhere hoping to find someone like you,” she said. “We certainly could’ve used you on a few ops. Funny, I’d given up hope of ever finding a superhuman like you, and now here you are standing in front of me. Nothing in life is ever so simple.”
“You catch on quick,” Chip said. “There isn’t much time so I’m just gonna say it. The mechas have gone out of control, and the humans are asking for help.”
A few sprouts of laughter circled Chip.
Even Jade cracked a smile saying. “Well, how do you like that? What exactly do they want?”
“The mechas are going to attack South City,” Chip responded. “It’s important to the military guys that it doesn’t fall.”
“Why is that city so important?” Jade asked.
Chip had hoped he wouldn’t have to explain this part. “There’s a…ship, a starship…in the city. I know it sounds stupid but it’s the only thing there that would be of any interest to the mechas.”
“All we need to do is protect a ship,” Jade said. “That doesn’t sound too hard, in fact, it sounds too easy. The only reason I’m even listening to you is because you’re like us. For all I know this could be a very elaborate trap.”
“You’ve got to be kidding me! Why should we risk our lives for a starship when they’ve killed just about all of us?” O’Neil asked.
“Wait just a minute,” Chip said, almost angrily. “You are the ones who started this whole war when you went off to catch cities, and from the looks of it, you guys are losing. Don’t you think maybe it’s time to try and end it? If we help the city it might be what we need to convince the world that we can live in peace with them.”
No one said anything after that. O’Neil was a little embarrassed, and Jade looked around at her superhumans, who looked as though a light bulb had gone off in their heads.
“I know it’s a lot to take in,” Chip continued. “And it’s one of those things you have to think about, but if we’re not in South City in a few hours then the city and that ship are gone.”
Jade flew up to one of the steps midway up the temple and looked back at her superhumans. “Are we going or what?” she asked.
Sim was in the transport watching a holographic map that showed a large red dot, representing the mecha army, parked several miles from South City. Smaller red dots were gathering around the large one. There was one blue dot, the mighty human fleet, racing toward South City. Of course, it didn’t look that way on the map.
“Sim, are you there? I’m coming in.” Chip called over the radio.
“I read you. Are we ready to go?” Sim asked. He looked outside and saw Chip coming toward the ship alone.
“Yeah, go on, I’ll catch up.” Chip said.
Seconds later the transport began its slow ascent. When the transport finally did clear the tree line Sim saw seventy-six superhumans waiting to follow him.
Michael and Meryl didn’t land until they were right over their home, their cave.
“Everything looks okay,” Meryl said, checking to see if the coast was clear. She and Michael began to head inside the cave, but then Michael made an abrupt stop.
“What is it?” Meryl whispered.
“Here, take her,” Michael said handing Ele over. With his superhuman speed, he ran to a brush, reached into it, and pulled something out.
At first, Meryl thought Michael was going out of his mind because it appeared as though there was nothing in his hand. When she used her superhuman vision she could see what at first looked like a mecha.
It was Lobo in his cloaked Aegis suit. Under strain from Michael’s grip around his neck, he had some trouble deactivating the suit’s cloak.
Michael dropped Lobo on his rump and said. “You better have a good reason for being here.”
Lobo took his helmet off and massaged his throat while gasping for air. “I…came to find you…Michael.” He said.
“Me, Why?” Michael asked.
Lobo rose to his feet and stood face to face with Michael. “I have to ask for your help.” He replied.
“We’ve got our own problems,” Michael said.
“Well I’m sure we share the same problem,” Lobo said. “Maybe we can help each other.”
Michael thought and looked back at Ele. “Do you think you can help her?”
“What’s wrong?” Lobo asked.
“There’s this thing on her neck,” Michael answered.
“A disruptor?” Lobo wondered.
“I don’t know,” Michael replied.
Lobo went to Ele and found the disruptor. As he did with Chip, he used a device on his wrist to cause the disruptor to fall off. Ele slightly stirred but still slept.
“There, she’ll be fine,” Lobo said.
“What was that thing?” Meryl asked.
“A harmless device that puts anyone in a bad mood to sleep,” Lobo answered.
“What’s the deal with you?” Michael asked.
“Before I go any further I think you should know that your friend, Chip, is involved,” Lobo said.
Michael shook his head slightly and said. “I guess your problem is our problem.”
Lobo explained. “To make a long story short; we’ve lost control of the mechas. They’ve taken hostages and are preparing to take the South City. We already have a plan to try and hold it until reinforcements arrive, but I need you, Michael, to try and rescue those hostages. With your abilities, you’re the perfect man for the job.”
“Who’re the hostages?” Michael asked.
“Presidents, ambassadors, world leaders,” Lobo replied.
“This is a pretty big deal,” said Meryl.
“If we go, what can we expect?” asked Michael.
Lobo shrugged his shoulders. “I don’t know. There’s a mecha called Omega. It might be the cause of all this but no one knows for sure. I do know that it’s capable of controlling any mecha in the world at any time.”
“That’s crazy!” Meryl said.
“It’s the only explanation I can come up with,” Lobo said. “Shortly before the mechas went crazy I spoke with General Hayes. I assume he was going to shut them down, but I think something went wrong.”
Right then, Cross and his friends descended through the canopy.
“I take it you got a problem too!” Michael said with a faint smile.
“It’s been a while, Michael,” Cross said. “Our house was blown up. Mind if we…crash here?”
Michael shook his head and said. “Believe me you’re no better off here.”
Cross had noticed Lobo but didn’t get a good look at him until he stood next to him. “Lobo, what are you doing here?” he asked.
“Relax! We’re on the same side here.” Lobo said.
“We’re gonna need your help, Cross,” Michael said. “The robots are going around causing a lot of trouble. Lobo here wants us to rescue some hostages. You game?”
“Sure, you have a plan?” Cross asked.
Lobo explained, “The hostages are being held at the World Security Council’s headquarters in Altair. I think a small team of two to four people can get them out. You’ll have to be careful because of the dampening fields. Our satellites picked up three near the center of the city. If Omega is behind all of this it’s probably there too. Take it out by any means possible.”
“Where’s Chip in all this?” Michael asked.
“He’s on his way with several dozen superhumans and some of my men to defend South City,” Lobo answered. He took a spare radio from a hidden compartment on the leg part of his suit and gave it to Michael. “Here, you should be able to talk to him with this. Just put it in like an earplug.”
Michael placed the radio in his ear. “What now?”
“What now…what?” Chip replied in mid-flight with the other superhumans.
Michael was surprised to hear Chip’s voice. “Chip, it’s me, Michael.”
“Hey, so Lobo found you,” Chip said. “Are you going to get those hostages or what?”
“Yeah, I guess,” Michael replied.
“Good, then I’ll meet up with you in Altair!” Chip responded.
“Chip, you should go on to South City,” Michael said. “It sounds like that place is going to need a lot of help.”
“Nah, believe me, it’s a fortified city,” Chip assured. “We’ve got guys in high-tech battle suits and seventy-six superhumans to defend it. South City will be fine.”
“Well…if you say so.” Michael responded. “I’ll see you in Altair then.”
Lobo nodded to Michael and said. “Keep your radio so you can stay in contact.”
“When are we leaving?” asked Cross.
“Right now,” Lobo answered.
Lizzy stepped forward. “I’m going with.” She said.
“You can’t,” Michael said. “That would make five with you, me, Chip, Cross, and Lobo.”
“I’m going to South City.” Lobo pointed out.
“Okay, Lizzy, you’re in,” Michael said. “That makes four.”
“Mike, I’m going with you.” Meryl declared.
“You can’t!” Michael said again. “Lobo said two to four people, and besides, I don’t like the idea of you and me being in the same place in these kinds of situations.”
“What are you talking about,“ Meryl said. “You and me just came from one of ‘these kinds of situations.”
“That was different,” Michael clarified. “That involved Ele.”
Meryl crossed her arms and said. “So!”
“It’s the same reason the President and Vice President don’t travel together.” Michael specified.
Meryl rolled her eyes. “Oh-whatever!”
“Um, where are we going?” Ric asked for himself, Alex, and Mason.
“Go with Lobo,” Cross said.
Michael waited to see if anyone had anything else to say. “Anyone else confused `bout where they’re going?” he asked. “Alright then, let’s go.”
3.18

With so much at stake, the hours spent traveling seemed a great loss in time to everyone. The sun was just beginning to come back out. In a transport ship, Meryl sat with her daughter on the right and Lobo on the left. Across from them were Ric, Mason, and Alex talking among themselves.
“Talk about irony,” Mason said. “Hiding from everyone that wanted to kill us all these years. Now, we have to help them.”
“I can’t wait for all this to be over,” Alex said. He closed his eyes and leaned his head back.
Mason smiled. “Just think what it’ll mean for us. We’ll be able to go back out and do the things we use to. People won’t be afraid of us.”
“Yeah,” Ric said. “Me and Lizzy can have a normal wedding. Hey, Meryl, you and Michael tied the knot didn’t you?”
Meryl shook her head almost shamefully. She looked to Lobo and asked. “So what’s the defense layout going to be like?”
“You’re not going to like it,” Lobo answered. “The city is well fortified. There are twelve squads like mine, seventy-six superhumans, and any volunteers we can get from South City.”
“How big is each squad?” Meryl asked.
“Four people,” Lobo answered.
“Well how big is this mecha army that’s about to attack?” Alex asked.
Lobo hesitated to answer. “We estimate about a half-million.”
The mood in the compartment dropped like a brick. Meryl maintained a stoic disposition, but even she had a small feeling of hopelessness.
“Half a million?” Alex said in disbelief.
“At least we’ll be busy,” said Ric.
“How’s a hundred people supposed to hold back a half-million machines built for war?” Mason asked.
“I’ve seen the city,” Lobo said. “It’s more fortified than any military base I’ve ever seen. The entire city is enclosed by a fifty-foot wall with SS and SA weapons every few yards. A command center deep underground controls all of that.”
Alex was perplexed. “SS and SA?”
“Surface-to-surface and surface-to-air,” Lobo explained. “Once the mechas get past the wall they’ll have to deal with those on just about every corner and building.”
Smiles fell on the men’s faces sitting across from Lobo.
“Wow,” Mason said stifled.
Alex was certainly happy. “Well, alrighty! Even if they manage to get past the wall they’ll have a tough time getting past the first block!”
Meryl remained silent. Being a former soldier she could see the ‘big picture’ and it wasn’t pretty.
The last thing Lobo wanted was to mislead the men. “Listen, guys,” he said. “It’s not a question of if they get past the wall. It’ll only be a matter of time.”
“Did you run any simulations?” Meryl asked.
“Yes,” Lobo answered. “No matter what happened, it got ugly real quick. In about two hours the mechas will probably attack. By now they should have detected the human fleet closing in.”
“That means the mechas will probably blitz the city,” Meryl added.
Lobo nodded. “Most likely. We know the wall will be breached almost immediately. Simulations show the mechas getting to the Ark in an hour and a half. The human fleet arrives about fifteen minutes afterward, give or take.”
“Isn’t there any way to win?” Ric asked.
“We ran two types of simulations; one with mechas using the dampening fields and one without. The mechas are going to use six of them when they attack. They’ll surround the city and then close in. If we can destroy all the generators then you guys should be able to wipe them out. Everything depends on destroying those generators.”
“How do we do that?” asked Meryl.
“That’s another problem,” Lobo replied. “None of the simulations could show us how to do it.”
“Sir, we’ve arrived.” the pilot called.
“Drop us off at the airport,” Lobo said.
“Yes, sir!” the pilot answered.
Except for Ele, when the superhumans stepped off the transport they were immediately greeted by a soldier who handed them a weapon and a radio.
Meryl looked around at the airport. There were lots of people working hard to set up a series of barricades. Other than that, the surrounding city seemed awfully quiet.
“Where is everyone?” Meryl asked.
Lobo answered. “If you’re talking about the people who lived here – they’re all gone. When they heard about what was going to happen they evacuated. I’m not going to lie to you. Most of them didn’t want anything to do with a superhuman. We did get some volunteers from the police, militia, and hospital.”
“How many volunteers are there?” Meryl asked.
“A little over a thousand,” Lobo answered.
“A thousand!” Alex said. “Hey, that’s a lot better than a hundred.”
“Hopefully it’ll be enough to hold out if we can’t bring those dampening fields down. The size of this city works for and against us. This airport is right in the middle so no matter which direction the mechas come at us they’ll have to go through hell before they reach it. The Ark is in a hangar underneath us.”
“What kind of perimeter are we using?” Meryl asked.
“Gamma pattern,” Lobo answered. “Unless you have a better idea.”
“That’s good if you want a strong line of defense,” Meryl said. “But it won’t last long if the DFG’s are still up. The superhumans will be completely useless. We need to take them out before they get here. I think we’d be much better off with a nova pattern; put most of our people around this airport and the others in teams, five miles out in every direction.”
“That’s an awfully big perimeter for a thousand people,” said Lobo.
“I know,” Meryl said. “There’s nothing good about it. Not many people who go out there will come back. But it’s the best chance we’ve got to take out those generators before the mechas get here.”
“You plan on being out there?” Lobo asked.
“I’ll go by myself if I have to,” Meryl replied.
Lobo thought about Meryl’s idea for several moments before saying. “Alright then, we have just enough time to get everyone in position. Unfortunately, I’m the ranking officer. So that means I’ll have to run the show from the command center.”
Ele tugged on Meryl’s arm. “Mom, what do I do?” she asked.
Meryl kneeled down and ran her fingers through her daughter’s hair. “There’s nothing you can do with the dampening fields up. It’s going to get very dangerous and I don’t want anything to happen to you. Go with Lobo and stay in the command center until this is over.”
Just then, Sim, Rase, and Tripp flew down next to Lobo.
“Change of plan,” Lobo said. “We’re going to use a nova pattern.”
Sim looked at Lobo in disbelief. “That’s crazy, sir! We don’t have enough people to hold that.”
“The purpose is not to hold it,” Lobo said. “It’s for a chance to take out those generators. Assemble a hundred and twenty teams of four people, with at least one superhuman in every other. Have them set up the outer perimeter at five miles. I also want all heavy and medium Aegis suits on the outer perimeter. Those are my orders pass them on!”
“Yes, sir!” the men said.
Sim, Rase, and Tripp hastily flew off in different directions.
Lobo stood by Meryl and said. “If you need anything just contact me.”
Meryl looked toward the sky and said to herself. “I hope things go a whole lot easier for you, Michael.”
At the moment, Michael, Cross, and Lizzy were flying at top speed low to the ground. Ahead of them, they could just start to see the city of Altair and the dampening fields above it. The anxiety in each of them grew bigger as the distance from the city grew smaller.
“So how are we going to free those hostages?” Lizzy asked.
“I haven’t the slightest clue,” Cross said. “It would be much easier if we didn’t have to deal with those dampening fields. I guess that we should take those out first before doing anything. Michael?”
“You got my vote,” Michael said. “But they’re going to be heavily guarded. We’ll have to wait and see what we can do.”
“Don’t start the party without me.” Chip said through the radio.
“Chip, where are you,” Michael asked.
“Ten or twelve minutes east of the city.” Chip answered.
“We’ll wait for you south of the city,” Michael said. “You’ve got twelve minutes.”
Michael, Cross, and Lizzy landed and waited on the outskirts of the city.
“There’s probably a ton of hostages,” Cross said. “How are we supposed to get them all out without those mechas spotting us?”
Michael answered. “Once the dampening fields are down those robots shouldn’t be any trouble.” He leaned against a large rock and scanned the sky to see if his friend was in sight. “Chip, where are you? We could have rescued those hostages by now.” he joked.
“What are you talking about? I’ve got the hostages with me right here safe and sound.” Chip shot back.
Michael laughed. “Okay, you got me there! Anyways, we’re waiting on ya.”
For several moments Michael expected another funny remark from Chip.
“Hey, Michael,” Chip called back, his voice as calm as could be. “Go ahead without me. I’ve uh…got company.”
Michael didn’t know what it was, but something in Chip’s voice told him that his friend was in trouble. “What’s wrong?” he asked.
Chip spoke again, now his voice was starting to sound troubled. “Michael, go on without me.”
Michael demanded to know. “Chip, where are you?”
A moment passed before a response. “Tell Meryl and Ele…I love them very much.”
“Chip, tell me where you are!” Michael begged.
“Good luck, Michael.” Chip said as he pulled the radio from his ear and dropped it to the ground. He stood alone in a gorge, the air filled with the effect of a dampening field, and all around him a growing number of mechas quickly closing in.
3.19

Cross checked his watch and said. “It’s been twenty minutes, Michael. I’m afraid the worse has happened to Chip.”
Michael sat on the ground with his back against a rock. For the last twenty minutes had seemed like twenty lifetimes to him.
Lizzy scanned the sky for some sign of hope.
Cross kneeled beside Michael. “We can’t sit here forever. Those hostages need us. What would Chip want us to do?” he asked.
Michael sat silently.
“He’d want us to finish this, right?” said Cross.
“Yeah, he would,” Michael said. He stood back up and stared at the city.
They entered Altair and walked for several blocks. It was so large that the dampening field only covered a section in the middle. The city itself almost seemed deserted. Aside from very few pedestrians and fewer vehicles driving around there wasn’t much going on.
A police officer standing across the street approached the trio and said. “Move along and find a safe place until everything settles down.”
“Where’s the Security Council?” Michael asked.
“You can’t go there, move along.” the officer said arrogantly.
Michael spotted the policeman’s car further down the block. Cross and Lizzy saw what he was looking at and knew what he wanted to do.
The next thing the cop heard were three doors closing, and before he could turn around his cruiser took off at high speed.
“Anyone one else notice how dead it is around here?” asked Lizzy.
“Look around at the buildings,” said Cross. “Everyone’s inside like they’re hiding.”
Michael used his superhuman vision to see far into the city. “It looks like the fields are coming from somewhere down there.”
After several minutes they entered the dampening fields’ area of influence. In the distance, they could see a police roadblock. Cops in the area waved their hands for the car to slow down, but it only went faster and at the last moment it pulled onto the sidewalk barely squeezing between another police car and building.
As they drove further into the city, Cross and Lizzy used their superhuman vision to search for either the WSC or the DFGs.
“I think I see something,” Lizzy said.
Michael parked the car and the three carefully made their way through several alleys to have a better look. It was a DFG and guarding it was a platoon of hunters.
Michael thought for a moment then shook his head. “This isn’t going to work,” he said. “We need an army for this.”
“Why?” Cross asked.
“The second we break that thing those robots will start combing the city for us. The car isn’t going to do us any good, and we can’t walk around looking for the other two generators. That’ll take forever.”
“We have to do something,” said Cross.
Michael used his superhuman vision to scan further ahead. A few blocks down he spotted the WSC. He thought for several moments before coming up with an idea. “Lizzy, you can still fly right?”
Lizzy nodded. “Yeah.”
“This is what we’ll do. The building is just a little further down that way. I’ll go in and create a distraction. If we’re lucky, some of those robots will come after me. When they do, you go take the generator out. Cross, as soon as the field is down you can back her up.”
“I can go with that,” said Lizzy.
“Sounds good to me,” Cross said.
“Alright, good luck,” Michael said before running off at a normal pace so as not to draw any unwanted attention. To the regular mechas, he looked like an ordinary human. It took a while but he eventually found himself standing in front of the building. To his surprise, it was lightly guarded. Only two hunters were standing at the front door.
The hunters were as still as statues. Neither of them could see Michael for what he was as he quietly walked up the steps and stood between them.
The next thing Omega knew, it was short two hunters at the front door. It disconnected itself from the central computer and walked out.
Michael forced the doors open and walked in.
Several hunters were already in the main hall with their weapons pointed at the front. One hunter suddenly jerked and violently flew against a wall as if it were thrown by some invisible force. Michael had adapted and moved too fast for them. The other hunters looked around to see what might have caused it. Several seconds later another hunter suddenly flew against a wall causing sparks to fly from its body.
Omega entered at the other end of the hall. It almost immediately spotted Michael with its Hyper Hunter eyes. At its command, the rest of the hunters began to fire wildly in all directions.
Cross and Lizzy waited patiently for Michael’s plan to kick in.
As fast as Omega could think it, more than half of the hunters suddenly took off for the WSC, leaving only eight.
“He did it,” Lizzy said. “This’ll be piece of cake.”
“Just take out that generator as fast as you can and let me worry about those tin cans,” Cross said.
Lizzy backed away around a corner and morphed into her favorite form that looked like a human-dragon hybrid, with wings. She flew straight up and over a building, and rapidly descended on the DFG. At the last second, she pulled herself upright and landed hard on the generator causing it to explode in a colorful ball of fire.
The Dampening field in the sky quickly dissipated and Cross unleashed his powers on the few hunters still trying to figure out what was going on.
None of the hunters could react fast enough to get out of the way of the energy blasts. Each of them fell to the ground like heaps of sandbags.
“Lizzy, find those generators fast!” Cross said.
With no hesitation, Lizzy’s wings sprang out and she took off.
In the WSC’s main hall Michael was still smashing, kicking, and tossing hunters into walls. His powers were still mostly under the influence of the dampening fields because the DFGs had been placed in a way that all three intersected with the building. The only thing he could barely do was fly and he didn’t need to do that. Things were starting to get crazy with dozens of hunters running into the hall or crashing through the windows.
Omega stood and watched as Michael continued to destroy any hunter that stood between them.
The hunters continued to fire wildly. Some of their shots appeared to hit Michael with no effect on him. And each time sparks flew, they had nothing more than a glimpse of where he was for that moment. Soon though the hunters stopped coming, and shortly after that, none were left.
Michael and Omega stood only feet apart.
“I was wondering when we’d meet,” Omega said almost thoughtfully.
Michael slowly looked around with his superhuman vision and said. “Let the hostages go.”
“Make me,” Omega replied.
Michael’s eyes narrowed. “Man, you things are obnoxious as hell.” He said.
“You’re one to talk,” Omega responded.
Michael and Omega stared at one another for about four seconds before they both went all out on each other.
Michael knew from the first punch it was going to be a tough fight.
Omega was just like Alpha in every way except that it was stronger and faster.
For a minute the fight appeared to be going even, and then, Michael was caught by a roundhouse kick from Omega that landed square across his cheek.  It didn’t hurt much but it was powerful enough to bring him to one knee.
Omega took a step back and like a good sport waited for Michael to get back on both feet.
‘Wow!’ Michael thought. ‘I might have underestimated this thing!’
South City was unlike anything Meryl had ever seen before. She couldn’t believe the mechas would be able to get very far in without suffering heavy losses. It was just as Lobo had described it. Almost every corner and building had an automated weapon on it. Aside from that, the city appeared modern, with restaurants, pawnshops, apartments, and offices.
Meryl and three other people she had never met before looked for a good hiding spot around their assigned post. She stood in front of a building at a corner and scanned it with her superhuman eyes. “Over here,” she called. “This will have to do.”
The other three people followed without question. One was a cop named Harris. He was an older man dressed in street clothes with his badge showing around his buckle. Another was a young militiaman, Josh, wearing his green fatigues. Nia, a young nurse from the hospital, had been issued fatigues similar to the ones worn by combat medics. Each of them carried an identical rifle. The only other weapon they were given was two bombs each.
The lobby was huge and had large windows facing both streets. Meryl and the rest sat with their backs against the wall and waited. All of them, including Meryl, were scared. There was a feeling that they had just signed up for a suicide mission. Josh reached into one of his pockets and pulled out a small triangular device – a bomb.
“Be careful with that thing,” Harris said.
“Don’t worry,” Josh assured him. “Nothing happens unless you arm it first.”
“How do they expect us to get close enough to use those?” Nia asked.
It was a good question, but before anyone could think of an answer, Lobo’s voice suddenly came over the radio. “Meryl, report.” He said.
“We’re in position,” Meryl replied.
Lobo’s voice returned with an update. “The mechas are moving! Get ready!”
3.20

To everyone in South City, a half-million mechas closing in sounded like a tornado. At a certain point, some of the mechas came to a sudden stop. The rest separated and went in two different directions circling the city, and again at certain points more stopped and others continued until there were six groups of mechas encircling South City.
“We have six battalions of mechas getting ready to close in,” Lobo said over the radio.
Meryl started thinking of Ele and Michael to relax. No one said anything to anyone. It was horrible to have to sit and wait, and it was even worse to have to wait until the streets around them were filled with hundreds of mechas.
Nia looked at her comrades and said. “In case we don’t make it…”
“Don’t think like that,” Meryl said. “We just have to watch each other's backs and we’ll be fine.”
“Meryl, you’re a superhuman. Why are you here?” Harris asked.
“Why am I here,” Meryl said. “The people I love, I suppose.”
The mechas organized their formations and charged at the city. Slightly at the front were the condors flying high overhead, juggernauts below were just behind with heavy hunter escorts, and behind them was the rest of the army. The DFGs were activated just as the mechas came into range of the city’s weapons and followed.
The condors dropped their energy bombs with pinpoint accuracy, but at a cost because the city’s weapons were just as accurate. In the very first second, dozens of condors and automated weapons were destroyed. The sky looked like it was raining blaster fire.
With some of the defenses down, juggernauts moved into position to pound the city walls with their devastating PBWs. The walls were made of a strong metal several feet thick. It took several hits, but after a while, the juggernauts were able to blast holes big enough to fit large houses through.
All of the mechas closed in and entered the city to meet a withering amount of firepower that tore them to pieces. The condors above did their best to knock out any weapons they could. For several minutes, the edge of the city burned intensely with smoke, fire, and gunshots.
Lobo spoke over the radio to keep everyone updated on the battle saying. “The mechas have breached the city walls.”
Meryl and the rest could hear the gunfire and explosions.
“Sounds like the fourth of July out there,” Meryl said.
“Yeah,” Harris agreed. “Only when it started, it was like the finale and it just keeps going.”
Josh swallowed hard. “Just imagine what’ll sound like when they’re right on top of us.”
 “I can’t believe it,” Harris said. “They’re already inside the city?”
“A half-million mechas divided into groups of six,” Josh said. “That would make six groups of around eighty-three thousand.”
Everyone looked at Josh as if they couldn’t believe he figured that out.
Nia shook her head. “Good lord, that’s a lot.”
Josh had a look on his face like he was in deep thought. “They’re probably swarming all over the defenses like locust or something.” He said.
“When they get here remember to lay low,” Meryl replied. “We might have to move behind that desk over there. There’s no way we’ll last if we try to fight it out before a generator gets here.”
Whatever was left of the condors flew very high and turned to a strategy of carpet bombing. They strafed back and forth dropping their bombs anywhere ahead of the mechas on the ground.
The mechas began to advance through the city with impressive speed. Like Josh said, they were swarming the defenses and shooting them out. For every gun the mechas destroyed, dozens of them were mowed down by the ceaseless gunfire.
It got to a point where there was so much smoke in the air you couldn’t see ten feet in front of you. That didn’t matter to the mechas or the city’s defenses though. Mechas could see through smoke as if it weren’t there, and all the guns throughout the city used motion detectors for acquiring their targets.
In South City’s command center Lobo intently watched a large three-dimensional live image of the city.
One of the command center’s supervisors, Stevens, said. “Sir, at the rate the mechas are moving they’ll reach the Ark in an hour.”
“How long until they reach the outer perimeter?” Lobo asked.
“About thirty minutes. The DFGs should reach the outer perimeter fifteen minutes after, and around that time the mechas will be here.”
In Altair, Lizzy, in her human-dragon form, flew between the skyscrapers looking everywhere for the two remaining DFGs.
Cross did his best to keep up. They were once again in a dampening field and it seriously slowed him down, but his endurance was still superhuman. He ran at a steady pace and easily jumped over any obstacle. While trying to keep track of Lizzy he inadvertently ran into a small group of hunters.
The hunters quickly raised their weapons at him and were about to shoot when Lizzy suddenly dropped down from the sky and blasted them with her incendiary breath of fire. Upon contact, the hunters burst into flames and began to melt.
Lizzy did a circle and landed near Cross. “We’ve looked everywhere,” she said.
“Keep looking! It has to be around here somewhere,” Cross said. “Those mechas wouldn’t have been standing here for nothing. It must be close!”
“Okay, I’ll keep looking,” Lizzy replied. “Why don’t you go help Michael? Once I knock a generator out, I can deal with the mechas.”
“Are you sure?” Cross asked.
“Positive,” Lizzy answered.
“Fine, I’ll leave it up to you. Be careful!” Cross said.
Lizzy took off, flying between the buildings. She didn’t want to fly too high. If the hunters saw her approaching it would be ten times harder to get at a generator. Her dragon vision, while not superhuman, was a big help. As she flew down one street she looked right and left to the streets running parallel to widen her search. When she passed an intersection she caught a glimpse to her right of a DFG several blocks down.
One hunter guarding the DFG barely spotted Lizzy as she flew by. “Heads up,” it said.
The other hunters were instantly on high alert. The DFG was at an intersection, so the hunters would be able to see an attack coming from any direction.
Lizzy kept her eyes on the DFG as she circled around looking for a way to attack. She climbed above the buildings, using them as cover, and flew toward the intersection. It looked like her only option would be to attack from above like before. At the very moment she reached the intersection she dove straight for the DFG.
If it hadn’t been for her shadow she might have destroyed the DFG with no trouble, but a hunter spotted it.
While diving, Lizzy was hit a few times by gunfire. Her rough skin could absorb some punishment so the hunter’s weapons didn’t affect her as much. The DFG was right there in front of her and she wasn’t about to back out. Several dozen feet in the air she shot a powerful blast of fire at the DFG and made a hard turn into one of the streets. Her blast hit the DFG and exploded with enough force to knock the surrounding hunters down.
As soon as the dampening field dissipated, Lizzy turned around and went back to finish off the hunters. They were just getting back up when she attacked. She grabbed two by their heads and easily crushed them. The hunters fired at her and completely missed when she used her superhuman speed to dodge them. With that same speed, Lizzy did a circle around the burning DFG and took the remaining six hunters out by slashing them with her dragon claws.
“One more to go,” Lizzy said looking up at the dampening field. At that same time, the familiar sight of several condors came swooping down from the sky.
Inside the main hall of the WSC, Michael and Omega’s battle continued, each doing whatever it took to gain the upper hand. They fought like two soldiers, only with inhuman strength that was powerful and bone-jarring. They punched, kicked, and threw each other into walls and statues. There were very few moments when the two were not dodging or blocking and throwing attacks at one another.
Omega had a slight advantage with its superior knowledge of physical combat. Its attacks were strong, fast, and precise.
Michael had never been more focused. All of his senses were at their peak. He took a defensive stance countering some of Omega’s attacks. It was the only time he could get a good hit in.
Cross suddenly burst into the main hall to see Michael and Omega feet apart, ready to go at each other. “Need a hand?” he asked.
Michael quickly put his hand out and said. “No, stay away! Find the hostages and get them out!”
It was obvious to Cross that Michael was taking the fight personally. He tried using his superhuman vision with no luck, there was one more DFG. There were plenty of doors, however, all he had to do was pick where to start.
Michael and Omega waited for Cross to leave the hall, and not a second later, went at each other no different than before, as if the fight had never stopped.
Michael tried to go more on the offensive. The best thing he had going was his strength. However, he was also still extremely fast for a superhuman under a dampening field.
But Omega was just as fast. It blocked many attacks, though a few times Michael caught it good. During the entire fight, the Hyper Hunter was recording everything Michael did, analyzing him, and looking for a pattern, a way to completely overcome him.
The only way Michael could avoid that was to do his best not to use the same moves all the time. He did his best to use a different combination each time, but with his one fighting style he was running out of new things fast, and the fight was only getting harder.
Cross burst into a room with several people in it. “Don’t be scared. Is there a back way out of here?” he asked.
One man, Koen, stood up and said, “Yes, down the end of this hall, make a left, take the first right and we’re there!”
“Hey, you know your way around this building?” Cross asked.
“We work here,” said Koen.
“Great,” Cross replied. “Listen, you’re all going to be fine, but I need all of you to help me lead the rest of the people out. Does anyone here know where the council is?”
“They’re probably inside the council’s chamber,” Koen said. “I can show you.”
Cross went down the hall breaking down doors to free the hostages behind them. The first group of people he rescued went into the rooms and led everyone out. After breaking the last door down he followed Koen through the building until they reached the doors to the council’s chamber. Cross grabbed the doors and pried them open.
“We’re saved!” Ryan cried out. “Wait a minute, did you just…you’re a superhuman!”
“Stow it, Ryan!” Hayes said, standing up. “He’s here to help!”
Cross and Hayes immediately recognized each other.
“Never thought I’d be glad to see you,” Hayes said.
“Let’s go, we’re taking the back way out,” replied Cross.
“Wait,” Hayes remembered. “I saw the mechas carry a bomb into the building. We have to find it and do something about it.”
“Let’s just get out of the building.” Ryan pleaded.
“It’s not that simple!” said Hayes. “We’re talking about a neutron bomb! There’re millions of people in this city and if that thing goes off everyone is dead!”
Cross shook his head. “Oh, that’s just great.”
3.21

Eternity is how long a minute can sometimes seem when waiting for something you’re not looking forward to, and then when it finally comes you’re like “Already?”
That’s what it was like for everyone on the outer perimeter in South City. The mechas were closing in a little faster than predicted.
Meryl and the others could feel the explosions getting closer. Nia sat quietly praying to herself. Josh couldn’t keep his legs from shaking, and Harris kept checking his gun, which irritated Josh.
“Will you stop that? You’ve done that forty-seven times,” said Josh.
Harris sat his gun down in his lap. “Sorry,” he said. “It’s just hard to sit here and do nothing.”
“Forget it,” Josh replied. “I shouldn’t have said anything.”
Meryl continued thinking of Ele and Michael. It was the only thing that brought her calm. Eventually, she decided to get up and make a little inspection of the first floor. Past the large service desk, she found one door that went down to a basement, and another towards the back that led to an alley. When she finished she went back by the windows and sat down. “If things get too crazy there’s a way out the back.”
“What good is it going to do?” Harris asked. “The entire area will be crawling with mechas by the time the DFG gets here.”
“No one said it would be easy,” Nia said.
“Meryl?” Lobo radioed.
“I’m here,” she answered.
“It looks like a DFG is coming your way. Be careful, the mechas are all over it. If you can, plant a bomb somewhere around that intersection. When the DFG passes by we’ll blow it to pieces.”
“Got it!” Meryl said. She got up and ran outside. Looking in the direction of the advancing mechas, all she could see was smoke.
At every corner of the intersection, there was a light pole. Meryl took her bomb, armed it, and carefully placed it at the base of one of them before going back inside the building. “C’mon, we need to hide behind that desk,” she said.
Everyone quickly got up and hopped over the counter.
“I hope this works,” Nia said.
Outside it sounded as though the mechas were getting very close.
Meryl and the others peeked over the counter to see what was going on. From their vantage point, they could see several of the guns on the corner. So far, they appeared to be dormant. The explosions were so close that the building shook. A thick cloud of smoke slowly began to fill the intersection. And before they knew it, the automated guns came to life and started firing down the street.
Everyone ducked down.
“Okay, this is it! Just stay calm!” said Meryl, peeking around the edge of the counter and taking a look at what was going on with her rifle’s scope.
The group huddled together anxiously waiting. Not one second went by without a gunshot or an explosion.
Within two minutes, the intersection’s guns and the guns on the nearby buildings were destroyed. The mechas quickly moved into the area searching for any threat and going to work on taking the guns out at the next intersection.
One hunter stood with its back against the corner of the building Meryl was hiding in. If it’s something mechas know about, it’s their weapons. The hunter instantly spotted the small triangular bomb Meryl planted at the base of the light pole. It casually walked over to it and checked to see if it was armed, and seeing that it was, the hunter pointed its rifle at it and blasted it to pieces.
Meryl watched everything, “Oh-no,” she whispered.
“What?” Nia asked.
“They just found the bomb and wasted it,” Meryl answered.
“What are we going to do now?” Josh asked.
Meryl didn’t say anything. She huddled back down and grabbed her rifle, holding it like she was ready for anything to happen.
In the command center, Lobo was growing frustrated.
“Sir, the mechas are finding the bombs,” Stevens reported.
Lobo banged his fist against a table demanding. “Tell the teams on the outer perimeter to sit tight and wait for the DFGs.”
“It’s too late, sir,” Stevens said. “Some of the teams are already engaged.”
Upon finding the bombs the mechas had begun to do very thorough checks of the areas. Many of the teams were being found. The firefights that ensued were brutal and quick. Some of the teams were holding their own; some managed to get away and were in retreat to the airport.
Meryl’s group knew it was only a matter of time before they were found.
Hunters were going into each building. They kept their searches limited to the first floor. Nothing went unchecked.
Meryl watched as one hunter entered the building and look around as it approached the desk. 
When it was imminent that they would be found, Meryl looked at her team. “Get out!” she said, quickly taking aim at the hunter and blasting it to pieces.
The rest of the group stood and made a run for the back door.
Mechas outside were alerted by Meryl’s gunshot and began to storm the building through the front door.
Meryl stayed beneath the desk with her gun over the counter blind firing at the mechas. Her team turned and fired to hold the mechas back.
“Meryl, c’mon!” Harris yelled, and just after that moment, he was struck in the chest by a mecha’s blaster. Nia caught him as he fell back.
Josh did his best to provide cover fire. “Meryl!”  he called.
“Go!” Meryl yelled.
Before Josh could even think to argue a blast struck him in the arm and knocked him back He scrambled to get behind the safety of the wall as more gunfire poured into the room.
“Are you okay?” Nia asked, trying to keep Harris upright.
Harris let out a groan. “Thank god I was wearing my vest.” He stood against the wall and quickly took the burning vest off.
Josh came running, holding his arm.
“Where’s Meryl?” Nia asked.
“We can’t help her,” Josh answered. “We have to go. We have to get back to the airport.”
Josh, Nia, and Harris were not the type of people to just leave anyone behind, but like Josh said, there was nothing they could do – not without getting themselves killed. Common sense told them they were better off alive to help defend the Ark than getting killed for one person.
The desk Meryl hid under was being shot to pieces. The mechas found it was too much trouble to go in after her. So a juggernaut stepped in front of the building and aimed at the desk.
Meryl saw this and immediately made a run for the back door while shooting at the mechas.
The juggernaut instantly readjusted its aim and fired one of its rail guns. The powerful energy slug caught Meryl’s midsection and sent her crashing through the wall causing parts of the upper floor to collapse.
Meryl landed on her back somewhere in the basement. She moaned in pain grabbing at her burning stomach. The slug from the rail gun was inside her. The only way to get it out was to stick her fingers in the wound so it wouldn’t close. After several agonizing seconds, she managed to get it out and throw it across the room. The pain almost instantly disappeared and her midsection healed itself.
Meryl slowly got back to her feet, holding her stomach with one hand. Even though the pain had gone that didn’t mean she forgot it. She looked at the stairs going up and saw that parts of the building had collapsed through the door. It wouldn’t be a problem to bust her way out, but that wasn’t a good idea with the mechas outside. The last thing she wanted to do was stir up a hornet's nest. She looked around to see if there was another way out. Behind the staircase was what looked like a poorly sealed passageway.
Meryl wasted no time busting through and heading for the airport.
Almost all of the teams from the outer perimeter were in retreat to the safety of the inner perimeter. As they got there, some were beginning to find out it was no safer than where they’d been.
Some of the mecha divisions were very close to the airport. Sim could look through the telescope on his rifle and begin to snipe them. Everyone on the inner perimeter began to fire from their barricade. The mechas were closing in like a vice, and as they did, all of the weapons planted around the airport came to life and began to fire like mad at the invaders.
While running through the sewers Meryl was suddenly hit with an idea. “Lobo, can you hear me?” she asked.
“Loud and clear,” Lobo answered. “I hear you, but we can’t trace your radio signal. Where are you?”
“I’m in the sewer system,” Meryl answered.
“Hold on,” Lobo said, then after several seconds. “There you are! Do you need directions back to the airport?”
“No,” Meryl replied. “Tell me how to get to the closest DFG.”
“Hmm, easy,” Lobo responded. “Turn around and go back. Go into the second tunnel on your right and keep going straight. You should run into it.”
Meryl followed Lobo’s directions and was soon able to hear the mecha army on the street above her.
Lobo called again. “Okay, you’re about fifty yards away from it.”
“Is it coming straight at me?” Meryl asked.
“Yes,” Lobo answered.
Meryl grabbed her last bomb, armed it, and stuck it on the ceiling.
“We’ve got a signal. Meryl, get out of there now!” Lobo said.
Meryl turned back and ran like never before. She didn’t care where she was going as long as it was away from the little triangle she placed.
Lobo watched a holographic image showing him the position of Meryl, the bomb, and the DFG. “Detonate the bomb on my command,” he said. “Meryl, the DFG is thirty yards from the bomb and closing.”
Meryl’s strength and stamina allowed her to push herself very hard. She wasn’t running as fast as she could have, no thanks to the DFG, but she still ran faster than most humans. Though to her, it seemed like she just couldn’t run fast enough.
“Twenty yards,” said Lobo.
As he counted down the yards Meryl ran harder and harder to the point where she almost tripped over her own feet.
“Fifteen…ten…five…blow it!” Lobo said.
Above ground, the mechas had no clue as to what hit them when a huge explosion seemed to suddenly erupt from the DFG. It was so powerful that everything in a fifty-foot radius was destroyed.
Meryl felt the ground shake. She even felt a draft from the explosion behind her. She dove down into a pool of water just as the flames were about to overtake her.
A cheer went up in the command center.
“I want every team in the sewers placing bombs,” Lobo ordered. “Meryl, great job. You and your team did well.”
Meryl swam back to a nearby ladder. “How are they?” she asked.
“They’re doing fine,” Lobo said. “They’re on their way here. Listen, I want you to wait until all the DFGs are destroyed before you do anything. I’ll let you know as soon as it happens.”
“Got it!” Meryl replied.
None of the mecha divisions could figure out what was happening. To them, their DFGs were just suddenly exploding for no reason. All throughout the city, one after another, they were blown to bits until the sixth and final one was no more.
An odd thing happened as the final dampening field went down.
“Sir,” Stevens called. “The mechas, they’ve stopped.”
“Of course,” Lobo asked. “They’ve lost all their DFGs. Now, it's time they learn what it's like to worry about what's coming to them.”
The airport was covered in fog. The mechas were hastily reorganizing their formations and establishing their foothold.
Everyone had retreated further and further behind the barricades. You could barely see the outline of a person from several feet away. You could tell if it was a hunter by their spooky red eyes glowing through the fog.
Mechas didn’t feel anything physical or emotional like humans. But if they could have felt fear, they would have when they began to see the cold blue-green eyes of many superhumans peering at them through the fog.
The mechas unleashed everything they had at the superhumans.
With the dampening fields down, the superhumans used their speed to easily evade the onslaught of gunfire. They moved at speeds no mecha could match. In a few minutes, the mecha army had gone from a powerful overwhelming force to nothing more than cannon fodder for the superhumans to dispose of.
“Meryl, all of the dampening fields are down,” Lobo said.
Meryl didn’t have to be told what to do. She used an energy blast to blow a huge hole through the street and flew up. A little further down the street to one side of her was a street full of mechas. She quickly cupped her hands out in front of her and fired a very large and powerful blast of energy that cut through the ranks of mechas like nothing.
The mechas found themselves helpless in a growing circle of twisted metal. For them, there was no retreat and no surrender. Hunters were smashed to pieces. Condors were swatted out of the sky. Juggernauts were ripped apart. They fought till the bitter end, till there were none left.
When they were done, Meryl and the rest of the superhumans returned to the base and were greeted by a cheering crowd.
“Thank you, thank you,” Alex said, waving at what he liked to imagine were personal admirers.
“Cut that out! You’re embarrassing me!” Mason said.
“O’Neil, Duke, Hall,” Jade called. “Gather the rest and meet me at the airport.”
Sim, Rase, Tripp, and Ele were waiting for Meryl as she landed.
Ele ran and wrapped her arms around her mother. “Mom, you’re back!” she cried.
Meryl smiled looking down at her adoring daughter. She gave Ele a big hug and said. “I’m glad to see you too.”
In the command center, Stevens rose from his seat and stood behind Lobo to say. “Sir, we did it. We won.”
3.22

As hard as the battle at South City was, no one could believe the fierceness and brutality of the fight between Michael and Omega unless they were there. It was hard to tell who was winning. Both were landing some impressive hits against the other.
The longer the fight dragged on the more worried Michael became for Cross and Lizzy. A dampening field was still up, which made him think they were captured or killed. This thinking only caused him to lose focus and allow another unaffordable hit from Omega.
The thought to run away never entered into Michael’s mind, though he did consider taking the fight somewhere else, but where? As long as he didn’t have his full power he figured the main hall was just as good as any place to fight.
Michael grabbed hold of Omega and threw it hard against one of the large statues in the hall. The statue split from top to bottom and fell apart.
Omega was a war machine built to last. Michael had noticed that it wasn’t slowing down like Alpha. It kept going at him using different moves almost every time…and once again catching him by surprise.
The kick landed against the side of Michael’s face and he fell to his knee again. This time he didn’t get up right away. Not because of exhaustion, but because he saw something on the ground that bothered him, blood – his blood, a few drops falling to the ground. It wasn’t the sight of it. It was the fact that the cut had stayed open long enough for it to run. That could only mean one thing; whatever power he had was beginning to diminish.
“Aww, what’s the matter?” Omega mocked. “You’re not afraid of a little blood are you?”
The cut on Michael’s face fully healed, but there was a little residue that remained. He stood back up and asked. “How the hell did they make you so strong?”
Omega laughed. “Didn’t Alpha tell you, ‘half-superhuman-half-robot’?” He said.
“That doesn’t make sense,” Michael responded. “Part of you is superhuman. Why would you want to kill your own kind?”
“You’re too much of an idiot for me to try and explain it,” Omega answered. “All you need to understand is that my power only comes from a superhuman. It is not who I am. And you can forget about your friends destroying the last dampening field. It won’t help you one bit.”
“We’ll see about that,” Michael replied.
“I have all the powers of a superhuman,” Omega said. “Even if the last dampening field goes down, I’ll be able to move just as fast as you, and I can fly without my gravity orb.”
Not one second went by before Omega launched another assault.
Michael stayed mostly on defense. Several times he managed to knock Omega around and smash its head into a wall or two. And maybe just once it almost looked hurt, but he knew that unless the DFG was destroyed soon there was a good chance he’d lose.
Cross and Hayes ran from room to room frantically searching for the bomb. They had searched most of the building, and he was beginning to doubt what Hayes had seen. “Are you sure it was a bomb they were carrying?” he asked.
“I know what I saw,” Hayes said. “It’s got to be around here somewhere.”
They then burst into a very large room toward the center of the building, there they saw an object that looked exactly as Hayes had described.
The bomb was sitting right in the middle of the hangar. To the men’s great disappointment, the clock was ticking with a little over ten minutes left.
Cross picked it up and was very surprised by how heavy it was. “What in the name of…” he wondered.
“Gravity orbs,” Hayes said. “This thing was made to stay where it’s told to stay.”
Cross set the bomb down and stood back to give Hayes breathing room. “Please tell me you know how to disarm that.”
“I should be able to if Omega hasn’t changed anything,” Hayes said, kneeling to inspect the bomb. “This is the only one in existence. To turn it off you need to enter a code that only three people in the world know. Luckily I’m one of them.”
Hayes quickly entered his three-digit code. Aside from a series of beeps the timer on the bomb continued.
“This is very bad,” said Hayes. “Omega must have changed the code. I can try to defuse it, but Omega probably already thought of that, and booby-trapped this thing.”
“Then just try another code,” Cross said.
“It’s not that simple,” Hayes said. “If you enter the wrong code three times it self-destructs.”
Cross stuck out his pointer finger. “Then, try entering the code one more time.” He said.
Hayes hesitated for a moment wondering if Omega had changed the number of times the code could be entered as well. He typed the only code he knew, the same as before, and got the same results.
“We better come up with something fast,” Hayes said.
Lizzy was in a frantic search of her own. She’d been searching for what was hopefully the last DFG in the city. Every street, every roof was checked. The last thing she wanted was to overlook something, and the gunfire from the condors right behind her didn’t make it any easier.
With more time passing than she would have liked, Lizzy almost began to panic in her worry that she might not find the DFG, and that would cost Michael and Cross dearly. She flew as fast as her wings could take her, but after about another minute of searching, she finally decided to give up.
Lizzy shot up over the tallest building and flew a beeline to the WSC building. It was almost a suicidal move. The buildings had been providing much cover for her from the condors, now there was nothing to get between them.
The shorter, colosseum-shaped building came into view, and that’s when Lizzy saw the DFG. It was just sitting there on the roof of a building near the WSC building. There were no mechas or guards of any kind. Lizzy dove for it like mad.
Several emotions ran through her. First, there was a huge sense of relief for finding it, and then at the same time, she was so angry and embarrassed that she could’ve kicked herself for not thinking to have checked near the WSC in the first place.
‘Of all the places!’ Lizzy thought. She shot the most powerful blast of fire she could muster at the DFG and watched it explode across the roof.
The fight between Michael and Omega came to a sudden stop. Both knew the dampening field was down.
“Now you’re gonna get it,” said Michael.
“Come on,” Omega said, waving its hand tauntingly.
Michael dashed with his superhuman speed, and at the same moment, Omega did the same. Within a split second, they had both exchanged a number of blows that were much more devastating than any before. In the exchange, Michael managed to land a powerful blow to Omega’s chest that sent the mecha reeling several steps back.
“Impressive,” Omega said, sounding slightly surprised. “But you’re going to have to do better than that. Remember you’re the one running out of time.”
Michael grit his teeth and swung. It would have been a good hit, but Omega countered easily, deflecting the blow and striking Michael’s upper arm with enough force to break it.
Michael winced, and that was long enough for Omega to pummel him with a series of devastating strikes. Each hit felt like a wrecking ball hitting full force. All he could do was thank God for his healing abilities, which numbed the otherwise unbearable pain almost instantly.
Omega jumped up and kicked Michael so hard in the face, that it sent him flying across the floor. As it did before, it waited for Michael to stand back up.
It took a moment for Michael just to get on his side. He certainly felt disoriented, maybe even a little shell-shocked.
“If you can’t get up I’m afraid I’ll have to end this,” Omega said mockingly.
At that moment a second wind coursed through Michael’s body. He stood facing Omega but didn’t say anything. His wits were still about, but he had absolutely no want or need to say another word to a machine he now fully intended to tear apart.
Both took their fighting stances and continued their insane brawl.
Michael was beginning to find that what Omega had said earlier was true. The fight didn’t seem to be going much easier with the dampening field down. Much of his energy had been expended and there still didn’t seem to be an easy way of beating his adversary. He managed to grab Omega by the arm and send it crashing through the building to the streets outside.
When Omega stood back up it saw Michael hovering close by in midair. Its computer brain began to process everything it knew about aerial combat, and in one sudden movement, it launched itself at Michael.
Michael and Omega moved through the air like fish did in the water. To the naked eye, they seemed like blurs darting everywhere, sometimes faintly appearing for only fractions of a second before becoming unrecognizable again. A few times it looked like each were in two different places at once. And wherever they went there was certainly no shortage of debris flying around.
They were locked in battle; circling each other as they moved through the air dodging, blocking, punching, and kicking, all at different angles, climbing higher and higher. Nothing could stop them, not even the buildings they recklessly crashed in and out of as they struggled against each other.
At the pace they were going it appeared as though the fight would continue in this manner for quite a while.
Lizzy barged into the hanger of the WSC building. Cross and Hayes looked over to see her.
“You did it, good job, Lizzy,” Cross said.
Hayes feverishly went back to work on disabling the bomb.
“How’s it going?” Lizzy asked.
Cross looked down at the bomb. “Just under four minutes,” he said.
Hayes grunted and smacked his laser cutting tool against the bomb. “There’s no way I can diffuse this in time. I don’t have the tools and there’re too many traps on this thing!”
“Step aside. I’ll incinerate it.” Cross said pointing his hand at the bomb.
Hayes immediately stood up and said. “No! If you try that it’ll certainly blow. This thing was designed to be tamper-proof, especially from a superhuman.”
“This thing was designed to kill superhumans?” Lizzy asked.
“It was only to be used as a last resort.” Hayes snapped.
“That’s why it’s so heavy,” Cross added. “Well, I can only think of one way of getting rid of this. I guess this is it.”
Lizzy didn’t like the sound of that. “What are you talking about?” she asked.
Cross looked at her and warmly smiled. It was a sad look, a look that said “I’m going to miss you.”
Lizzy shook her head. “You can’t,” she said softly.
“There’s no time to argue,” Cross said. “This is something I have to do.”
“Don’t,” Lizzy begged. “No! There has to be some other way. You’re smart, think!”
 “Lizzy,” Cross said, softly hugging her. “I’m sorry, but a million people are counting on us. I can’t tell you how much you mean to me, or how proud you’ve made me. I wish we had more time but that’s the way it is. Don’t worry. I’ll be watching over you.”
Lizzy cried. “I love you, Cross.”
“I love you too, Sis,” Cross replied.
The hangar doors in the ceiling began to open revealing a beautiful blue sky. Cross stood over the bomb and deadlifted it. With one final look to Lizzy, he gave a farewell nod and then hurtled himself into the sky like a rocket. With the dampening field gone, his strength fueled by the energy strand he had was much greater.
Lizzy cried and watched as Cross, the only family she had, left forever.
Cross could feel the bomb wanting to fall back to the earth. Its gravity orbs exerted a tremendous amount of downward pull.
Michael’s battle with Omega continued in the city below.
Cross climbed as fast as he could possibly go. He went so fast that clouds parted when he went through them. Gradually, he began to see the curvature of the Earth, and the blue sky beginning to fade into the black abyss of outer space. He could feel the planet’s gravity losing its hold of him and the bomb becoming lighter. Even when he knew the last seconds were at hand he held on until the most brilliant flash of light enveloped him. In that instant – his life flashed before his eyes, and then…nothing.
The explosion from the bomb brought the fight in the street between Michael and Omega to a halt. Anything light enough fluttered from the concussion of the blast. It was so powerful that every one as far as South City was able to see and feel it.
Omega laughed.
“What’s so funny?” Michael asked.
“Humans,” Omega answered. “The way you throw your lives away. The way you keep fighting when you know there’s no chance of winning. Look at you, you’re completely worn out.”
Michael looked up. The light from the explosion had just about faded. He had a feeling that something terrible had happened.
“That was my neutron bomb,” Omega said. “I had planned for it to vaporize you and the rest of the people in this city.”
“You were gonna kill yourself to kill me?” asked Michael.
Omega laughed again and said, “That neutron bomb is a special thing. Only living matter is affected by the blast, and my body is protected from such a thing.”
“Cross,” Michael whispered to himself.
“If he was anywhere near the bomb when it went off he’s probably dead…just like your other friend.”
Chip! Michael thought. Glaring at the Hyper Hunter he felt a surge of anger inside of him like never before.
Omega, being a Hyper Hunter, could see Michael’s energy as an aura around his body. According to what it was seeing, Michael’s energy was growing stronger, for a reason it couldn’t explain. The Hyper Hunter made a growling sound and charged full speed at what it considered its mortal enemy.
Michael charged as well. Both met each other with an earth-shattering punch to the side of the face. So powerful was their collision that it caused the ground to tremble and a nearby window to crack.
The window was not the only thing to crack, however.
It began as an almost invisible crevice along the side of Omega’s face, and then slowly grew to a fissure several millimeters wide. The same red glow that colored its ring seeped through the fissure on its face.
Michael watched as the most powerful mecha ever created reeled backward holding its face, trying to keep the outer shell part from falling to pieces.
Omega let out a long scream that sounded like pain and began to shake uncontrollably, the way you’d expect a damaged machine to, and bits of electricity jumped across its body. After a few seconds of this chaotic breakdown, it finally fell to its knees and then forward to the ground.
Michael stared at the dead Hyper Hunter. It was finally over, but the victory seemed too bitter, too hollow to be joyous. Deep down inside there was a very sad feeling, and he flew off thinking that more might have been lost than won.
3.23

Lizzy sat in the hangar crying with her head in her hands. It was hard when her parents passed away. Losing Cross was just as difficult.
Hayes was inside a small ship preparing it for takeoff. “Lobo, this is Hayes,” he said. “Do you read me?”
“Yes, sir,” Lobo answered. “It’s good to hear your voice again.”
“Likewise, what’s your status?” Hayes asked.
“With the superhumans’ help we stopped the mecha army from capturing South City, and the Ark is in one piece,” Lobo replied. “The fleet just arrived several minutes ago, so what’s left of the city is being secured.”
“Great,” Hayes said. “I’ll be over there as soon as possible.”
Michael descended from the opening in the ceiling and saw Lizzy. He didn’t have to ask what was wrong. Landing next to her he extended one hand and helped her up. “I’m sorry,” he said.
Lizzy hugged Michael tightly.
“Everything's gonna be to be okay?” Michael said.
Hayes stepped out of the transport asking. “Anyone need a ride to South City?”
“Take Lizzy,” Michael said. “I’ll catch up with you later.” he immediately flew out of the hangar and flew as fast as he could eastward. Scanning the horizon, he was hoping to see some sign of where Chip might be. Eventually, he came upon a spot that was barely a step up from a barren wasteland. It was hot with the humidity. No vegetation was anywhere to be found. The ground was rocky and muddy, and the sky was gray with thunderclouds.
Michael landed inside a gorge at one end and looked around. Strewn about were at least two dozen dead mechas, mostly hunters. Two juggernauts and a condor were also among the wreck. He slowly walked through the carnage, past the sparks and the burning twisted metal until he stood somewhere near the middle. There lying at his feet was his best friend, Chip.
Tears filled Michael’s eyes. He couldn’t believe that it was his best friend lying there, he didn’t want to. It made him very sad that Chip had died alone in such a rotten place. He didn’t want to think of what his friend’s last moments were like, but it tore him apart inside.
Chip didn’t deserve this. He deserved better! Michael thought.
One thing Michael did know was that he wasn’t going to leave Chip’s body. He picked his best friend up, placed him over his shoulder, and flew off.
Michael thought of the good times he and Chip had. Memories of when they were kids, growing up, and the tricks they played on each other.
Chip had been more than a friend. They were just like brothers.
Before long Michael was soaring over the ocean. The sun’s position gave the sky a particular hue of multiple colors. The ocean below reflected everything above, and the clouds were vast but calm.
Serene. Tranquil. Those were the only two words Michael could think of to describe it. Somewhere below, in the vast ocean, he saw a large ring-shaped isle. It was unlike anything he’d ever seen, made up of mountains sticking high out of the water.
Michael descended into it, going about hip-deep into the water. He carefully moved Chip from his shoulders and gently placed him in the water. 
Watching his best friend slowly descend to his final resting place was one of the hardest things Michael ever had to do.
“Goodbye,” Michael whispered before flying off toward the sunset.
Hayes was piloting the transport. “We’re coming up on South City,” he said.
Lizzy, sitting in the copilot’s seat, looked out the window. What she saw shocked her – a city of smoke plumes. It seemed like several F5 tornadoes hit the city hard.
“What happened?” Lizzy asked.
“The mecha army is what happened,” Hayes answered. “It’s amazing our people managed to hold the city.”
“No kidding,” Lizzy replied. “I just hope my friends are okay.”
South City was filled with military activity. The navy had parked themselves right over it and dozens of fighter planes were on patrol. There wasn’t a single street that didn’t have a squad of soldiers rummaging around searching for survivors.
Hayes flew the transport ship close to the airport and landed. He and Lizzy stepped out and were met by their friends.
Lobo and his team saluted Hayes as he approached.
Hayes returned their salute and said, “At ease gentlemen.”
Lizzy shook her head and fell into Ric’s arms crying.
Ric, knowing what Lizzy’s tears meant, held her tightly. 
Alex and Mason, who were standing by, began to weep as well.
“I can’t believe he’s gone,” Alex said.
Lobo and Hayes walked side by side.
“So fill me in on what’s happening,” Hayes said.
“Well, there’s a lot,” Lobo began. “Some of it good, some bad. The good news is that once Omega was destroyed we were able to shut the rest of the mechas off. Right now we have teams going out to collect them. Other nations are keeping a cool head. The Security Council is allowing foreign transport ships into Altair to pick up their respective delegates. The bad news is that just before you arrived I received orders from the council to place you under arrest.”
“Why doesn’t that surprise me?” Hayes asked.
“They said the charges were…how’d they put it…‘unauthorized development of illegal weapons’. I can look the other way, sir.” Lobo said.
“No need,” Hayes replied. “Someone has to be held responsible. It may as well be me. Besides, the worst that can happen is a little jail time and a discharge. Is there anything else?”
“Ryan is the one who placed the charges against you,” Lobo responded. “The interesting thing is he told me was ‘it’s to take the blame away from the superhumans’. But, the problem is that even a lot of our own people are saying the superhumans had something to do with this, and I don’t mean just the top brass. The news is filled with people yelling for their heads.”
Hayes smiled and said. “Maybe Ryan isn’t such a bad worm after all. These superhumans are never gonna fit in. They’ll always be hated or feared. The way I see it there’s only one thing we can do with them.”
Both men stopped and looked at each other. Lobo had a good idea of what Hayes meant.
Just then Michael descended from the sky. Ele immediately got up and ran to him, hugging him around the waist. Michael placed one arm around her.
Meryl walked up and could tell that Michael had been crying.
Michael sadly shook his head saying. “I couldn’t save him.”
Meryl placed her arms around Michael and said. “I know you did everything you could.”
Ele tugged on Michael’s arm. “Where’s Chip?” she asked.
Michael looked at his daughter and said. “I’m so sorry, hon. Chip…didn’t make it. You do understand, right?”
Tears began to flow from Ele’s eyes. She hugged her father burying her head in his shoulder.
“I’m so sorry,” Michael said again.
Hayes approached the group and said. “May I have a word with all you?”
Lizzy and the others gathered around Michael.
“First of all I want to thank you for what you did,” Hayes said. “I know that if it weren’t for any of you I wouldn’t be standing here. A lot more lives might have been lost if you didn’t do what you did. Unfortunately, most of the world is ignorant of that. What I’m about to tell you is the same thing Lobo is telling to the other superhumans. There is nothing for any of you here. I’m afraid the only thing you can expect for the rest of your lives is prejudice and persecution. I can promise that you will never have to worry about the mechas again. What I can’t promise is what will happen when you go for a walk in the park or go shopping for Christmas gifts. The decision is yours. You may stay and try to live a normal life here, or you may leave with the Ark.”
Everyone stood in silence. The news of what they could expect for staying was no surprise, but the last thing any of them expected was Hayes’ offer.
“Where is the Ark going?” Michael asked.
“A planet called Vega,” Hayes answered. “The trip will last about twenty years, so you’d be placed stasis until the ship lands. According to our scientists, it’s a very beautiful planet with not one but two moons. You’d be able to start a whole new life all over again, away from all the fear and hate. You’d be going with many of our top scientists who know what you did today, and everything needed to get started is on-board the ship. Unfortunately, if we’re going to do this it has to be now, and leaving on the Ark means never coming back. The ship departs in twenty minutes.”
Michael and Meryl looked to each other as if to read the others' thoughts on the matter. The ground suddenly began to tremble like a very weak earthquake. At the largest runway on the airport, a portion of it began to open up like a huge set of sliding doors. Streaks of light peaked through the ground as it opened wider and wider. When the doors had opened all the way a humongous ship, the Ark, began to rise from the hangar below.
The sheer size of it and its design were breathtaking. It was a streamlined, oblong circular shape with many protrusions of the same shape slightly protruding from the hull.
“Well?” Meryl asked.
For a short time, Michael thought about it. He thought very hard, harder than he ever thought about anything in his life. He tried to think of a reason to stay, and finally said, “Let’s go.”
Lizzy stepped up from behind. “We’re going with you then,” She said.
“If we have to go somewhere it might as well be together,” added Ric.
The doors to the Ark opened into a ramp. Many people, mostly scientists and their families, were already on board.
Hayes stood next to Michael to send him and his friends off. “Whenever you’re ready.” He said.
Jade’s superhumans walked single file into the ship. She herself approached Michael and the others. “We all decided to go,” she said. “Michael, we heard about Chip and Cross. I just want to give our condolences and hope you’re coming with.”
Michael smiled. “We’re right behind you.” He replied.
Upon entering the Ark and following a series of lights that acted as guides, they came to a large room with hundreds of inclined, human-sized pods lining the walls and middle of the room.
A pretty flight attendant instructed everyone on what to do. “Welcome aboard. Please head to the right or left and select a pod to remain in for the duration of the journey.”
“Does it matter which one?” Michael asked.
“Not at all.” The attendant answered.
“What’s this gonna be like?” Meryl wondered.
The attendant smiled and said. “Just blink.”
“That’s it?” Michael asked.
“The pods will place you in a state of suspended animation,” the attendant explained. “Deep sleep. When we reach our destination you’ll wake up and be exactly the same way you are now.”
Meryl looked behind her a saw a line of anxious people waiting. She nudged Michael to move on and followed with Ele in tow. Any pod was as good as any so they picked the first three available.
“Okay, Ele, hop in,” Michael said.
“No way, Jose!” Ele said, hiding behind her mother.
“Hey, what’s wrong?” Meryl asked.
“I’m scared,” Ele answered. “What if it hurts?”
A male attendant walking by stopped and said. “Oh, don’t worry, honey, it doesn’t hurt at all.”
Ele still refused.
“See those people over there getting in?” the attendant pointed.
Ele watched Lizzy and others step into the stasis pods. A split second after the pods sealed the people inside were ‘frozen’
“See, that wasn’t so bad,” said Michael.
Several moments went by before Ele conceded. “I guess.” She then nervously entered the pod and waved at her parents as the door closed.
“Sweet dreams,” said Michael.
Ele closed her eyes and braced herself. The pod closed and the stasis field ‘froze’ her.
“I guess I’m next,” Meryl said. Michael held her hand as she entered her pod. They reluctantly let each other go. Before the pod could begin to close Meryl suddenly leaned out and gave Michael one last kiss on the lips. “See you in twenty years,” she said.
Michael smiled and said. “I’ll dream of you.”
Meryl couldn’t help but blush and give Michael another kiss. She leaned back into her pod and closed her eyes.
Michael watched as the pod placed Meryl in stasis. He stepped over to his pod and took a moment to reminisce about his life and everything that happened up to the point he was now at. Looking out a nearby window to see the Earth’s blue sky one last time, he whispered. “Gonna miss ya.”
Michael then entered his pod and closed his eyes.
Minutes later, Hayes and Lobo watched the Ark as it took off for its long journey into space.
In flight, the Ark was a majestic-looking ship. It avoided comets, flew by stars, and went through nebulas. During its travel, it would see many strange and wonderful things, things that anyone would be amazed at.
Michael did dream of Meryl, and Ele, on a new planet, a new home. It was a beautiful place untouched by anything. It was a place with so many different and wonderful features that he could spend the rest of his life with his family visiting them. It was a dream that seemed to last a lifetime until he would finally open his eyes to Meryl’s gentle voice.
“Michael, wake up. We’re home.”

Thank you for reading. The End.
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
I was born in 1981 and raised in Aurora, IL. Much of my childhood and school days are a blur. It all seemed to go by so fast. I began writing after high school. I wrote in private because I didn’t think anyone would believe I was a writer. I wrote for years with little going on and carrying on with life until I had a stroke.
My focus in writing has always been sci-fi/fantasy.  I must thank the Wachowskis, DC, and Marvel for all of the inspiration they’ve given me. I grew up reading comics and then saw The Matrix. I love being a fan and can’t wait to see where they go next.
Follow me on Twitter Jose Rodriguez (@JoseRod74866629) / Twitter


