Tail
A Fairy Novel

ipam



Smashwords Edition Copyright 2019 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




Second Story Plot...

Present time and place, a happy colony of fairies lives and thrives within an ocean island which is known as Fairyland under the watchful eye of the Fairy Queen.

Each teen fairy is required to attend the Princess and Prince Fairy Academy at the age of thirteen years old until the age of graduation at eighteen years old.

Then, the newly celebrated eighteen-year-old fairy will go to work as the royal fairy rule is dictated by the Fairy Queen. Centuries ago, the first Fairy Queen made a deal with the humans, who currently reside upon the mainland, to care for the young and orphaned human babies inside the human world in four six-hour working shifts until the babe reaches adulthood.

Persia is fourteen years old. This is her first day back at the Fairy Academy with her dearest friend and bestest neighbor Yachel in the Fourth Class. She wears a sparking fairy short dress of red with a matching tiara of rubies, and a matching fairy cape. This new year, Persia will select a shell to fit over her fairy gem stone, where the gem stone releases all her fairy powers to use and abuse upon her old friends and new foes.

A fairy does not possess a pair of wings like a bug or a broomstick like a witch or an axe like a troll or a pair of sunglasses like a vampire or a set of claws like a werewolf. A fairy elegantly flies inside a golden tinted round coach for skyline transportation around the island.

Persia will learn all these new things and more as a wee fairy tart at her same old Fairy school.

This is purpose of the Academy. This is the purpose of the mentors. This is the purpose of you. You are a fairy within Fairyland.





Present day and place


1st day Fairy Academy
Month of August
First day of school, Fourth Class, wee tart


First school day of the week
07:01 a.m.
Home of Persia’s parents
Bedroom setting of fourteen-year-old Persia
Rain of dark clouds and cool temperatures


I awake, staring with a grin and a giggle up to the ceiling, rolling out of my warm bed, and run into the bathroom. I wash my face, brush my teeth, and comb my hair. I smile into the mirror, seeing my glowing tiara of red.
I don’t exactly understand how I can sleep with a pointy crown, but it rolls into a soft putty format over my black hair roots. I grin and expose my slightly crooked white teeth, shaking my long wavy black hair, seeing my glowing pale skin stare back.
I see the sparkling gem of my rock of magenta.
I whisper with a confused brow, “Deep purple. No. Deep red. No. Magenta. Yes.” I back step with a giggle and a nod, spinning around, dashing into the closet.
I stop, slipping on my new cute red short dress. The hemline hits at my kneecaps. I wiggle side to side, watching the cute dress wiggle with me in amusement.
I am fourteen years old, starting back as a fairy smart tart in the Fourth Class at the Fairy Academy today. This is the first day of school after having almost no fun but lots of rest during the summertime.
The pretty dress of red contains tons of shiny red sequins and red gem stones around my waist, both my collar bones, and my kneecap length skirt. I grab and swirl the new red cape around in the air and over my shoulders. I tie a great big cute bow around my throat, using my fairy magic to keep from suffocating my esophagus.
I slip and wiggle my socked feet down into a new pair of red tinted cowgirl boots of soft leather.
I swing around and leave my bedroom, running down the hallway and into the living room, wearing my red gem stoned tiara, my new ankle-length cape with a half-foot train, my cute red colored short skirt which shows some leg muscles to Britton. I wear a pair of new red cowgirl boots, instead of the heeled sandals in ruby red as I am Fourth Class at the Fairy Prince and Princess Academy.
Each fourth class student wears red, any shade hue, as long as, it does not spill over into a hue of too much pink or too much orange.
I have an assortment of small matching ruby gem stones, outlining both my two wrists and around my waist, glittering in the bright sunlight too.
The female stands in average height and average weight with a head of shoulder length black colored hair, a tone of pale tinted skin, and the mother of Persia. Her mom wears her fuzzy apricot colored bathrobe, without the sparkling gem stones.
I stop and stand in the archway of the kitchen with a confused brow. The table is not set for breakfast entrees either. I finger my mom and then the empty eating table without the food. “I’m going to be late for my first day at the Fairy Academy.”
Her mom yawns and smiles at her daughter. Her tiara of apricot gem stones twinkles underneath some of working bright artificial lamps on the kitchen ceiling, designating her as fairy-gal. She moves and hugs her daughter, pecking a light kiss on the forehead, like always. She pulls back with a nod and a smile. “You are adorable, Persia.” She swings around, lifting her necklace, rubbing a single finger over her apricot gem stone at the stove oven.
Magically, numerous pans and pots appear on top of oven with lines of white steam of hot breakfast items.
Her mom swings around to the empty eating table, rubbing her apricot gem stone. The plates and utensils materialize over the scratched up wooden table also. She yawns, turning with a grin to see Persia. “Breakfast is served.”
I move ahead and stop, standing behind my assigned eating chair to eat my breakfast meal, since the age of two years old. The old scratched wooden table is circular with a set of four mismatched wooden sitting chairs.
Her dad will sit at the twelve o’clock position. Her mom will seat at the nine o’clock position on his right. Then I will sit at the three o’clock position on the left of my father.
I wait for my dad to arrive at the table, before scooting down into the chair or touching the food platters.
The male walks into the kitchen, displaying an average height and weight with a head of shoulder length black colored hair and a tone of pale tinted skin. Her dad wears his smooth brown tinted bathrobe too over a pair of brown tinted bedroom slippers, smiling at his daughter. His halo headpiece encircles his forehead in a light brown ribbon with a set tiny matching gem stones designating him as a fairy-guy. He stops and hugs, pulling to see his daughter with a smile. “You are the most beautiful in the land, Persia.”
I blush in pink tones. “Thanks, Dad.”
He scoots around Persia and moves ahead, sitting down in the chair first, saying with a nod and a smile to his fairy family. “Let’s enjoy our first meal of the day.”
I slide and then scoot into my chair with a grin of eating, leaning over the empty plate, reaching out for the plate of steaming eggs. An apricot wave slams into my hand with a tiny sting of pain. I growl and then yank back my aching hand with a sour frown at my mom.
She smiles. “No. No. Persia. You are to release your fairy wave and then grab the plate of eggs with your gem stone ray. Then the plate will lift and hover in the air for 1.2 seconds. Then, the plate will gently soar to the front of your nose bridge. Then, you will swish the eggs with the spoon with your gem stone fairy too. Let’s try that maneuver, this morning.”
My heart drops down into my sweaty socks with my mouth, staring down at the delicious plate of steaming eggs. My stomach growls for the food. “Right now, today, this moment…”
“Persia,” her dad rubs the light brown gem stone as his fairy wave releases from his watch band onto the plate of meat. The plate lifts up and then flies into his face without damage. He grabs the meat with the eating tongs with a nod and a grin. “Right now, today, this moment, honey. Don’t worry. This is part of your new fairy training at the Academy this year too. You are fourteen years old, a whole year older and stronger with your developing fairy talents. Now, lift your gem stone from the stone and then zap it onto the plate of eggs for your morning breakfast.” He rubs his light brown gem stone, releasing his brown tinted fairy wave. The wave hits and then lifts up, soaring the basket of bread into his smile. He picks out the food item holding the basket of bread.
I exhale with a puff of frustration being hungry and inexperienced, lifting my necklace with the magenta rock with a pair of shaky hands. I rub the rough rock with my sore finger pads, since I have been polishing my rock, during the summertime. My magenta colored wave releases from my body through the gem stone hitting the opposite wall beside my mom’s shoulder. I giggle with fun and frown with guilt.
Her mom is very quick, leaning to the side of table without getting hit or injury but wears a sour scowl at her daughter. 
I lift and anchor both my elbows on top of the table surface and then focus my mind at the edge of the plate of eggs. I rub my rough rock again and tap the plate with a hit. The plate wiggles side to side over the table surface, slowly lifting up in the air with a wobble and then it soars toward my face.
An apricot wave launches and catches the plate of eggs, before it reaches the face, bleeding a pair of nose holes that both belong to Persia’s nose holes.
I exhale with a puff of annoyance, shaking my gem stone between my hands, “Thanks for the save, Mom. May I eat the regular way, today? I can practice tomorrow.”
Her mom nods, soaring and holding the plate of eggs in front of Persia. “There is no tomorrow here.”
I gasp, looking up with a confused brow, holding the spoon in the air. “What?”
Her mom giggles. “I mean you’re starting back to the Fairy Academy today. You will not be here to practice, lifting the heavy platter of eggs, sweetheart.”
I giggle with my silly mental thought and scoop up the eggs with the spoon, plopping them on top of my plate, reaching over with my wiggling ten fingers for the rest of my breakfast items. “What else will I be doing at the Academy this year?”
Her dad chews and then swallows his food, saying with a nod and a grin. “Lots of fun stuff. Let’s see if I can remember. O yes! The biggest decision will be selecting the shell, housing your unique and precious gem stone. I choose a wrist band like a watch. The wrist is flexible, allowing me to sway my personal beam ray forwards or backwards or side to side. I would highly recommend a wrist band for your personal shell, darling.” He eats the food, chewing with a nod in silence.
Her mom puffs and says with a sour frown to Persia. “No, dear! A wrist band is more the male-thing. You will want both beauty and flexibility built into the outer shell casing. I like the necklace shell. Both are easily attached to my body and pretty around my body…”
Her dad turns with a chuckle and a wink to see his wife. “I can vouch for the pretty body.”
I blush in pink with embarrassment of my parents who flirt with each other at the breakfast table, dropping my chin, gobbling down my food in silence.
Her mom smiles with a wink at her husband. “Thank you, dear.”
I talk with my mouth full of food. “Shouldn’t we be leaving for the Academy, Mama? School starts at eight am…”
Her mom chews and then swallows, saying with a nod and a smile to Persia. “You are Fourth Class, sweetheart. You’re not required to enter the school grounds until eight-thirty am, after the Fifth Class younger boys and girls have arrived and then settled around their tables being new and nervous.”
I exhale with a puff of frustration. “I got dressed up thirty minutes, too early.” I eat, chewing my food.
Her mom grins, “A good fairy habit, honey. Are you completely packed, fairy?”
I chew and then swallow my food, saying with a smile and a nod. “Yes ma’am. My luggage’s ready for toting.”
Her dad flexes his wrist to the side, releasing his light brown fairy ray. The ray scoots around the furniture, each wall, crawling up the staircase into Persia’s room. The fairy ray grabs her pieces of luggage, latching and lifting from the floor. Her dad grunts with a confused brow while sailing the luggage pieces back into the kitchen space. “What’s inside your luggage, Persia? A set of rocks, the items are extremely heavy for a few pieces of clothing and a pair of matching shoes.”
I giggle. “Yeah! There’re large rocks from our lawn and our field inside my luggage for chasing off these nosy ghosts from my school suite at night.”
Her dad frowns. “O! You have met each wavering ghosts at Fairy Academy.”
I nod. “Yeah! On my second night, there at the academy, Captain Robert liked my room’s decorum bestest of all. I finally figured out, planting and resting a set of rocks around the walls of my room would keep him and his friends out.”
Her mom grins. “That was very clever, Persia. However, you only need to swallow a sulfur pill, daily. Earth rocks naturally emit the mineral of sulfur which will continue to deter the ghosts, each night out from your bedroom suite. However, if the fairy mentor inspects your private room, then she will confiscate your earth goodies,” she rubs the gem stone on her necklace.
An apricot ray emits gently scooting around the walls and the furniture too, hitting inside their master bedroom. Then, the pretty fairy ray returns back to the breakfast table surface, carrying a tiny white bottle.
Her mom grabs and sits the tiny white bottle on top of the table surface, sucking her apricot fairy back into her gem stone with a tiny slurp. She smiles. “Take one tiny pill in the morning. The sulfur absorbs into your skin tissues. If one of the ghosts comes around, then it will immediately see a yellow aura around your body. Then, he or she’s all gone and out the door,” smiling.
I grin and grab the bottle, opening the lid, looking down at the contents. The interior holds numerous tiny yellow pills. I flip one from the bottle and dump onto my tongue, reaching and drowning my mouth with the beverage, washing down the pill. I burp with a giggle. “Excuse me!”
Her mom grins. “That’s a natural reaction to any type of sulfur products. You’re safe and secured from any naughty things that go bump into the night, darling. Do you want me to remove the rocks from your suitcases, dear?”
I nod with a smile. “No ma’am! I’ll dump them out into the ground, before I enter the school building. Thanks for taking good care of me, Mom!” 
Her mom leans over and pats Persia on the arm with a smile and a nod. “You’re my little girl. Are you finished eating your breakfast meal? I’ll get dressed for both my work and my drive to the academy.”
I smile. “Yes ma’am.”
Her dad wipes his mouth with the napkin and smiles to Persia. “Since, you’re dressed and ready for school, please go and lift up, moving the family fairy coach out from the covered garage, while we finish the dishes and get dressed for my work.”
I gasp and grin, “Really!  Really! I can move our fairy coach. Really?”
“Really,” Her mom grins.
I smile. “Really! I can move our fairy coach. But wonder if, I wound it or damage it or hurt it?”
Her dad grins. “The coach is both enchanted and enforced with an individual fairy shield. You cannot harm it, sweetheart. Go out there and have some fun!”
I stuff my mouth with the bread and chew, scooting out of my chair, and stand, swinging around, moving to the front door.


08:03 a.m.
Fairy coach (family vehicle)


I prance with a dance over the wooden unpolished floor, out the weather beaten front door, down the semi-broken steps, and land on top of the dirty sidewalk, walking to the garage. The rain has been stopped by nature, not by me.
Our family fairy coach isn’t shiny new or newly painted, either. The golden tinted metal is shredding like a set of flower petals in the wintertime. Actually, I’ve noted that all the other family fairy coaches are not shiny new or newly painted either.
Our coach sits flat on the top of red tinted dirt, without a set of rounded wheels or a set of flat skis like an overripe pumpkin. I giggle with silliness at my vivid imagination. I stop and stand about fifty feet in front of the coach, scooting backward to about one hundred fifty feet from the old wooden covered shed that my dad calls a garage.
I exhale with a puff of excitement, removing the rough gem rock from my necklace bracket accessing as much of my teen fairy magic as that I can. I lift and hold my naked gem rock in front of my wrist which is even the front of the coach, aiming my fairy wave at the shredded metal of the grill.
I close my eyelashes and then open my eyelashes, since I gotta see both the coach and the wave connect.
I shake my right arm, loosening up the blood and shake my left arm, shaking both of my legs too, warming up, before releasing my powerful magenta fairy wave. I stand in a stationary pose of red fiery beauty, exhaling with a puff of anticipation, and shoot my magenta fairy wave, slapping the front of the metal with a ting. “Yay, babe! Come to me now!” I yank and try to suck my fairy ray back into my gem stone.
The wave and the coach do not move.
I shake my curls and part my cowgirl boots, digging into the part dirt and part grass, growling with more determination. I yank and suck my fairy wave back into my gem stone pulling the coach out from underneath the wooden shed.
The wave and the coach do not move.
However, my fairy wave rips a set of tiny metal pieces off the metal of the coach, soaring and slapping back to my chest as I tumble backward landing on my fanny. I swing my fairy wave over my tiara without injury. “Dang! Okay! I’m more stubborn than steel.” I stand and bent my kneecaps firmly down into the dirt again. My fairy explodes from my gem stone, attaching to the metal again. “Yay!” I exhale with a puff of strength, pulling my wave and the coach forward to me.
The wave and the coach still doesn’t move.
I frown with puzzlement. “I can’t get the dang coach to move forward. I can’t lift it upwards without damaging the garage building either. I know I’ll bounce it side to side like a whatever.”
I whip out my second gem stone of matching magenta that I had won during my Fifth Class assignment as a good student fairy. My fairy ray does not double in size or strength, but the second rock will allow me to split the single ray in half, using my mind, slapping two parts of the ray on each side of the metal of the coach.
I twist my tongue and my wave side to side with the hard fairy work.
The coach shifts and sways a tiny bit to the right and to the left, but still it does not crawl out of its warm hiding spot.
I exhale with a puff of frustration, lifting my fairy wave up from the golden metal. I do not want to keep tearing tiny pieces off the grill on the family coach, even though the coach doesn’t run on another power, but fairy ray. “I can’t get it out. This is so easy and so hard at the same time. Why can’t I get it out? What am I doing wrong? Nothing. I zap the ray back onto the metal and pull forward on the coach. Okay! It must be that I’m not strong enough. Who in this universe said that size doesn’t matter? Because it does here, right now, at the moment.” I snap my fingers with a nod and a smile, moving and skipping toward the coach.
The wooden shed only has a rooftop and a set of four dinky wooden poles to keep the rain and the sunshine off the old rust bucket…pumpkin.
I stop with a giggle and open the coach door, sliding into the driver’s seat, wiggling side to side with my ingenious idea.
I close my eyelashes with vivid memory.
When my mom flies the coach, she touches her necklace gem stone to activate a continuous band of pretty shimmery apricot color through the air waves. Her apricot band streaks toward the horizon, without end, notifying the other coach travelers that she is traversing this particular space of the air waves. Then, she touches the carriage handle, when the family transport lifts up in the air and soars above the grass. And then, the bubble shaped clear glass covered coach flies to a new destination.
I hold my gem stone in both hands, rubbing it roughly and draw blood on my fingers, producing a short horizontal magenta tinted fairy wave through the windowless glass on the coach.
The glass and the fairy wave do not mix, too good.
And fairy magic is used to keep from eating a bugs or an expanded tree branch too.
The color of magenta surrounds the entire bottom of the coach and the lifts up the transport, flying the coach to the edge of the dry and almost dead grass in our lawn. I switch my free hand from the gem rock and touch the carriage handle. The coach nicely lifts up from the dirt a few inches and then glides over my magenta wave coming from underneath the wooden shed building.
I grunt and sneeze, causing my wave to bust and break into a set of fragments.
The coach lands hard on the soft dirt with a thud and a cloud of dust.
I giggle with my minor achievement.
In front of the house, her mom moves out the front door and stands on the front porch. Her dad pulls up and stands besides his wife as they both smile and clap for her smart fairy daughter.
On the dirt, I scoot out from the driver’s seat and stand with a giggle of delight at my teen fairy task, scooting into the front passenger seat with proud.
Her mom moves ahead and drags her ankle-length silk cape of glittering apricot colors and matching stones down the front steps, rubbing her gem stone to whack away the loose peddles from her footpath, saying with a nod and a smile to Persia. “Good job, honey. Your wave is beautiful deep purple. The color of purple is justice. That’s an excellent personality trait fitting you, perfectly, Persia.”
Her dad moves ahead in a pair of faded blue jeans over a pair of cowboy boots of light brown, dragging his ankle-length silk cape of light brown color with a tiny one-foot train down the broken rock coated steps, without the loose pebbles, also. The cape covers his white shirt with a row of light brown gem stones that line down the center that closes up his garment. He rubs his gem stone wrist watch, dragging the luggage behind his cape, saying with a smile and a nod to his daughter. “I see a deep red with some blue. The color of red is energy. That’s another good personality trait, too, sweetheart.”
I sit in the front seat and whisper for my eardrums only. “The color of magenta.”
Her dad continues to move and then stops, loading all the luggage pieces into the rear of the coach with his light brown fairy ray. “Excellent job, Persia! You’re going to be an academic hit at the Academy, this year. I love you too,” he moves ahead and stands at the passenger seat, leaning down and then kisses her daughter on the forehead, as usual, and then turns, kissing his wife, pulling back with a smile and a nod. “I’m off to work, as well. See you later for lunch, dear!”
“Love ya, too, Dad. Bye!” I smile and wave to my father.
“Enjoy your day, honey.” His wife grins.
Her dad spin around with a smile and stroll ahead, stopping in the middle of the lawn of dead grass and dry dirt. A large passenger coach appears in the sky and flies toward Persia’s father, stopping and hovers below the cloud cover, over the part dirt and part grass on the lawn. Her dad lifts his wrist watch in the air, creating a vertical ray of light brown, latching onto an extended horizontal pole coming from the hovering coach. Her dad smiles and rides up his fairy wave in the sky, stepping onto the flat platform, moving into a crowded cabin of fairy workers inside the passenger coach.
The entrance door does not close. Then the large passenger coach back fires with a plume of red tinted smoke and then flies backward with some grunts and screams coming from the stunned passengers. Then it flies forward from Persia’s house to her father’s work place above the cloud cover.
On the ground, her mom back steps and the slides down into the driver’s seat of the family coach to delivery Persia at the Fairy Academy. Persia will stay and attendance school for the next 300 days or ten months or 7,200 hours. Her mom reaches down and activates her apricot fairy wave, lifting up, flying the family fairy coach in the air, underneath the rain clouds.


Fairy Academy (family school)
08:08 a.m.


Her mom deactivates the wavering band of apricot color as the coach wobbles side to side in the rough winds. She exhales a puff of worry, “Storms will stay around, this morning and afternoon. Hold on! Our morning ride is going to be rough and long. We must wait for our turn to land at the Academy.” She turns her gem stone side to side balancing the coach inside a spiral channel and away from the other hovering coaches.
The school bells are not ringing in the far distance. The sun is not shining down on the tall building. The school building does not gleam with beauty, but dulls in ugly dark brown brick mixture of red, peeling off the white paint on the massive columns in front of the structure. And one of the tall columns has broken in half, as it is held up by a flat stack of rock stones.
I slam a face against the window, looking down at my fairy school. “The school looks horrible. I thought it would be slapped with new painted over the summertime session. And I can’t see beyond the cloud cover…”
“Slapped with new paint, what kind of proper fairy language skills are those, Persia?”
I wiggle my mouth side to side with a silly grin, looking out the side glass window. “This is why I’m in school, Mom.”
“Uh huh!” her mom rolls her fingers around the necklace gem stone, closing her eyelashes. The coach gently falls down the circular spiral to the muddy dirt and then stops, before it hits the ground.
I giggle with excitement socializing with my old friends at the Academy again.
The six weather beaten paint peeling columns are about ten feet apart, making the front porch sixty-foot wide in length. The bottom step of a cracked and busted sidewalk drowns in rain puddles and red mud leading up to the front porch.
Her mom doesn’t park or stop the roaring engine on the family coach, saying with a smile to her daughter. “Another year of Fairy Academy, the time’s going quickly for my baby girl. Gimme a hug, Persia!”
I spin around and lean over, hugging my mom smelling her body of sweet vanilla flowers. “I love you, Mom. See you and Dad during the holiday break!”
Her mom grins. “Good studying with your new fairy lessons, darling. I love you, too. Your dad and I will call you soon.”
I swing around with a smile and crack open the door, sliding out, standing in a mud puddle and exhale with a puff of annoyance. I gather up and roll my fairy cape into a ball, missing the other mud puddles. I jump from the mud puddle onto the first step, standing and waiting. I don’t see any type of male escort. I shrug a shoulder and then move ahead between the broken stones, toting each heavy piece of luggage in a hand. I wished that I had dumped the rocks, before leaving home.
The Fairy Academy floats in the sky and off the land. The main building was built a long time ago, without the knowledge of the upcoming periodical flooding on the landscape coming from the ocean water. To save the Academy structure from rot and damage, a fairy charm holds the building and each attached satellites above the ground. The main building is eight stories high with a basement level underneath the front porch. Six columns surround the square shaped structure, making the campus both fancy and grand, except for the broken and busted ugly columns. And the other two columns, the paint is peeling or missing pieces on the wood. Some type of rodent families or two are living within the far columns, hanging by toenails, wiggling its tail at Persia and the other teen fairies.
The upper levels hold a balcony which is filled with a row of rocking chairs. The three story side satellites sprawl out from the main house, containing the academic classrooms and a set of big lecture hall. There are numerous barn stables for horses and mill houses for food. The mill houses prepare the meals for the fairies and fairy mentors.
The rooftop is flat comprising a series of separate watcher stations, watching out for trouble around the Academy. Each station faces a geographical direction of north, south, east and west, allowing the watcher to see the landscape, wildlife, animals, and invaders.
I whisper with a giggle for my eardrums only. “Find Yachel!” Yachel is my friend and my neighbor. She and I started our first day at the Academy, last year, meeting and greeting new teens, making new friends like my friend Britton too.
I whisper with a giggle for eardrums only. “Find Britton, first!” I move ahead and then stop on top of the front porch. The row of rocking chairs on the front porch hold a set of numerous older teens. Some of the rocking chairs hold two teens that are entwined in their body heat.
I giggle at the young love birds that kiss on each other’s face and then stomp toward the guarded front door.
I slowly sidestep around the rotten wood and broken wooden planks on the front porch, still toting my luggage. The concrete on the porch is cracked with wiggly lines or numerous small fusions of ripped cement. The glass windows are dirty and broken with a set of spidery cracks but not completely busted out from the glass panes.
A row of adults in a set of fluttering brown colored capes stands between the broken window panes. On the double doors, I see more rotten wood, rusty nails, and a broken door knob. The door really does have a couple set of broken hinges, but there is a male and female team of tall and serious faced watcher fairy in front of the opening for some mysterious reason, beyond my teen neurons, this morning.
Each adult wears a varied colored of brown ankle-length cape over a pair of faded, not torn blue jeans with a set of matching brown gems in the female’s tiara or the male’s halo.
I stop with a grin and a nod to the Watcher fairy in front of the entrance door, holding my luggage in each hand.
The Watcher fairy female says without a smile. “You must transport your luggage into your fairy room.”
I say with a confused brow and a nod, wiggling each piece of luggage in each hand. “How do I know which fairy room is mine? And how do I transport the luggage there, if I don’t which fairy room is mine?”
The Watcher fairy male grins. “There’s a specific fairy charm for that.”
I say with a giggle and a grin. “O! This is why I’m in fairy school to learn all the necessary fairy charms for that particular fairy reason. So, cut my slack, dack!”
He drops open his mouth. “How did you know that my name was Dack, young fairy miss?”
I giggle. “O! I actually thought it was dick.” A cupped hand slaps my collar bone. I gasp with shock.
“I’m Dick. Transport your luggage to your fairy room, now, teen fairy!” The tall Watcher dude bad breathes over Persia and her black tinted hair roots.
I exhale with a puff of annoyance, sitting down the four pieces of luggage between my new pair of cowgirl boots, whipping out my magenta gem stone. The ray hits the luggage, but I must use the correct fairy charm, making the luggage soar in the air and around the bigger and uglier Watcher fairies. I lift my necklace, rubbing the gem rock with a grin and a giggle. “Lifto to my roomo!” The luggage does not move. I look down with a confused brow at the pieces of luggage, rubbing my gem rock. “Transporto to my roomo!” The luggage does not move. I look up with a grin to see the row of serious faced Watcher fairies. “Uh! Do you wanna give me a clue here?”
The female Watcher fairy grins. “No.”
I exhale with a puff of annoyance, looking down to see my luggage and over behind my collar bone. No other teen fairies or nice older teachers from the Academy are here, only a row of serious faced Watcher fairies. I exhale with another puff of frustration, turning to see my luggage, saying with a sour frown. “Getto up and goeth to my roomo!” The luggage does not move. I exhale with a puff of annoyance, looking up with a sour frown to the female Watcher fairy. “Okay! I give up here. So, I’ll lug them up the stairs and into my room, the old fashion way. How’s that?”
The female Watcher fairy grins. “No.”
I exhale with a puff of annoyance, saying with a sour frown and a pretty good whine. “Come on! Give me a break! I only fourteen years old...”
The female Watcher fairy does not smile. “Every single fourteen-year-old has to say the fairy charm, before entering into the academy.”
“Why?” I frown with annoyance.
The female Watcher fairy grins. “The fairy charm identifies you as a fairy.”
I toss my arms in the air with a sour frown. “I know that. I’m a fairy with lots of cute charm and limited fairy spells.” A hand slaps my collar bone as I gasp in shock.
“Storette garmento,” the male tenor says behind Persia and her hair roots. He guides her hand with the magenta gem stone over her pieces of luggage. And then her luggage disappears from the front porch and beside her boots.
The female Watcher fairy sneers at Persia. “You may enter into the Fairy Academy, today, young fairy.”
I cuddle into Britton’s biceps with a grin and a giggle to the nasty Watcher fairy. “And a bad morning to you, too, honey.” I turn and see his smile. “Hey, Britton! Thanks for saving my cowgirl boot hide.”


08:12 a.m.
Dark hallway setting


Britton and I cuddle illegally and enter through the archway, moving down the long dark hallway with the set of colored pictures of the reigning queen, who spies on us.
The floor is a rough walk in my boots toes over the dark hallway as I fall backward into Britton’s biceps, really close, as he and I smile with chuckles.
The tiles are old, cracked, and need some good hand polishing. Some tiles need replacing, too. The Fairy Academy looks older than the current reigning Fairy Queen.
I gasp and hear a set of the faint voices of the ghosts either talking or eating inside the dark rotten wooden walls. Then I giggle from his tickles in the right spots. “What’s up their gleaming brown colored capes?”
He smiles. “They’re being cautious.”
I say with a puzzled brow at the ugly Fairy Queen portrait on my right side. “They’re being suspicious.” I glance back over my collar bone, where the row of Watcher fairies still guards the broken door and then look forward down the dark hallway. “You know, if the school fixed up the place, then the adults could get a real job…”
“This is their real job, guarding the school from…”
“What? Whom? Who? Why?” I halt and swing a puzzled brow to see Britton.
Britton winks and hugs Persia, moving down the dark hallway and then halts with an evil smile. “Gimme a kiss, before we get near the banquet hall,” he turns with a smile and pulls her close into his face. Two pairs of lips barely touch. He whips back with a sour frown at Persia. “Whoa! Did you kiss a raccoon or something? Your breath smells like s…”
“Sardines,” I pull back from his hug with a sour frown and a nod, slapping both my hands over my mouth, mumbling through my fingers. “I ate a pack of sardines over my scrambled eggs for breakfast this morning, a few minutes ago. I guess I forgot to brush my teeth and rinse my mouth with water…”
He curls his lips. “I don’t know anyone that eats fish eggs…”
“Sardine, a tea tiny whole fish with its eyeball, gills, and tail intact.”
He gags and coughs, swinging around her with a sour frown and a matching tone. “That’s more disgusting than kissing the raccoon.”
I exhale with a puff of frustration and slump forward both my shoulders with defeat. The sulfur pill which had been provided by my loving parents is making my mint breath stink like something sour.
My mom said safe and secure from the naughty things that go bump into the night with my precious body.
Yeah, this is a great way to blow my teen love life on the first day of Fairy School with my future husband.
I run behind Britton into the banquet room archway.
Britton veers around the adult male, who stands in the middle of the archway of the banquet room, and then he disappears into the banquet room.
I stop and stand in front of the banquet room archway alone in the dark hallway, pouting with sadness.
The adult male is tall and slender with a tone of pale tinted skin, a pair of green colored eyes, and a head of blonde colored hair, wearing a dark brown silk ankle-length cape underneath his faded blue jeans. He possesses a pair of dark brown boots and a band of gems over his dark brown halo, thumbing over his collar bone with growl. “Girls on your left! Boys on your right!”
I scoot to the left side of the wall, passing the circular pink tinted tablecloth for sweetness and then slide down into one of two empty chairs, reaching out, grabbing and drink the water goblet to wash out the sulfur smell from my tongue. I scan the rest of the teen fairies.
The large banquet room is configured with a center aisle of emptiness, separating the numerous tables. Each round table holds a group of males or females, which are not nicely mixed together. Each table is color coordinated with each occupant’s tiara, cape, and clothing too.
I wear a red dress, a pair of red boots, a red fairy cape, and a red sparkling tiara with the other fourteen-year-old girls and boys. I look over my collar bone steal a long glance at Britton.
Britton sits across the room at the boys’ table, wearing a red shirt, a faded pair of blue jeans, a red fairy cape, and his red halo around his pale skinned forehead. He is dressed similar to the other fourteen-year-old boys but a little taller and a lot more handsome.
The table, ahead of Persia, is colored in grass green for the fifteen-year-old females and males.
The sixteen-year-old teens wear black capes and clothes around two separate and apart black covered tables.
The seventeen-year-old teens are dressed in different shades of color which is separated into two tables also. The table, behind Persia, is composed of girls in candy pink, the boys in baby blue of thirteen years old without the fairy head gear.
I study the banquet hall.
Each table is covered with a ratty and patched tablecloth, including the red tablecloth of the fourteen years old fairies. The walls and the ceiling of the banquet room need paint also. The floor is wood which needs polish too. The low hanging windows both are dirty and cracked like the front porch windows.
I frown with puzzlement, studying the banquet room without any additional repairs from last year school session. I scan my fairy table, pouring another glass of water to wash out the sour sulfur smell from my teeth and gasp with a worried brow. “Where’s Yachel? Has anyone seen Yachel, this morning?”
I turn and view Zann, who has grown taller. 
The teen female is taller with a head of long auburn colored hair, a tone of glowing bronze tinted skin, a pair of big brown colored eyes, and a pout of pink thick lips. Zann wears a skin tight red dress, hugging her tallness. She has one long sleeve, hugging her right arm. The other arm is both sleeveless and nakedness. Her long cape drapes from the shoulder of the sleeved arm, falling over the floor. She smiles at Persia, tearing her bread. “Don’t know.”
I tear the bread and choke it down my throat with two glasses of sweet milk, killing the sour effects of the sulfur pill from my deceptive mother. I note that Kuelle is a lot taller too near my height, this academy year.
Kuelle is a teen girl of average height and average weight with a head of shoulder length strawberry blonde hair, a tone of glowing peach colored skin, and a pair of golden colored eyes. She chews the bread, turning and winking at her boyfriend Walcott on the boys’ table. She wears a long sleeved blouse paired with a swirling skirt, a thick belt tied with a red bow around her waist. And she taps her feet inside a pair of short red ankle boots. Her cape ties around one shoulder in a big red bow, fluttering around her back muscles. She says, without looking at Persia, smiling at Walcott. “Don’t know.”
I chew the bread, staring at Nabell. She is taller in the same proportions.
Nabell is a tall and athletic teen girl with a head of short black hair, a tone of gleaming white tinted skin, a pair of hazel colored eyes. She waves with one hand, winks with one eyelash, and eats with the other hand and eyeball, holding and chewing her bread slice, flirting with her boyfriend Eadric. She wears a short red skirt above her knees paired with a pair of knee-high boots. Her blouse is sleeveless with a v-neckline. Her neckline displays the golden chain, holding her naked gem stone which is wrapped around her throat like a choker. Around her shoulders, her red cape falls down to the top of her red boots. She says without looking at Persia, winking at Eadric. “Don’t know.”
I view both petite and ugly Apella.
The female is a petite and skinny teen with a head of blazing curly red hair, a tone of smooth pink tinted skin, a pair of small green colored eyes, and uglier, this year. Apella wears a red dress, looking like a tent over her petite body. The dress has two sets of big puffy sleeves even with her jaw line. Four buttons gleam in a set of ruby stones on the collar of the dress, displaying a short red cape even with her waist. She sneers at Persia. “Don’t care.” She eats the bread, chewing.
The single teen rushes through the crack of the closing doors in time.
I stand, turning and rushing to Yachel with a worried brow. “You’re late.” I gasp, touching her body parts. “What happened to your hair? It’s too short, above your jaw line, and up to your earlobes. And your dress is too long, below your knees and down to your ankles. You look like an old maid, Yachel,” giggling.
The adult female is tall and queen-sized with a head of shoulder length blonde hair, a pair of blue colored eyes, and tone of pale tinted skin. She wears a cape of bright yellow with a set of matching gem stones. The color and gem stones match her tiara too. She stands in the center aisle between the round eating tables. She raises both her arms for greeting and attention, when her palm bright yellow jewel glitters underneath some of the working artificial overhead lamps. She says with a smile and a nod. “Welcome to all. Welcome to our first day of session. I am the head mentor of Fairyland Princess and Prince Academy. My name is Mentor Daffodil. Let us break bread and spread the butter in peace as fairies…”
Yachel is a teen girl of average height and average weight with a head of short dirty blonde hair, a tone of dark tinted skin, and a pair of violet colored eyes. She does not smile, moving and scanning the room to her fairy table and slides into the empty chair, cupping the water goblet without drinking. She scans the room and each teen again.
I move and slide into my chair with a sour frown, blowing on my palm, smelling the foul breath, and drink more water, suffocating the sulfur sour smell on my lips.
Zann gasps, saying with a smile and a nod. “Your set of ten fingernails is so beautifully long and nicely rounded into sharp points like kitty cat claws. How did ya do that?”
I gasp, looking down to see Yachel’s fingernails too. “Your nails are pretty too.”
Apella snarls at Yachel’s fingernails also. “You can’t write on the reader-tray with those long wolf-like claws to do your homework assignments. So I guess you’ll fail Fairy Academy.”
Kuelle chews and swallows, saying with a grin and a giggle to Apella. “No one fails Fairy Academy, Apella. We’re all here to learn about becoming a fairy and using our fairy magic.” She eats the bread.
I lean over to Yachel with a whisper. “Missed ya this summertime…” I sip the water, gurgling down my throat, and then swallow the nasty tasting liquid.
Apella frowns, “Fairy or fart, Persia?”
Yachel scans the room of teens, “Yeah.”
I nod and smile between more sips of water, washing away the sulfur with a sour smile. “I stopped by your house and beat on the rotten front door. The door kinda broke off. I got the piece at my house...”
Yachel scans the room of teens, “Yeah.”
I sip the water goblet empty and pour another glass, washing off the sour taste from my tongue, saying with a nod and a grin. “I gotta go to merchandise market for the first time too. But I didn’t see your food stand, there…”
Yachel scans the room of teens, “Yeah.”
I exhale with a puff of nosiness, “Did ya go on vacation with your family togetherness time or something?”
Yachel scans the room of teens, “Yeah.”
I smile. “Where did you go?”
“Family togetherness time, what kind of group of words is that?” Apella chews, showing food particles between her teeth.
“Family is together for many hours or days or years in time, Apella.” Zann smiles and chews the bread.
Daffodil grins. “Each class holds an array of bright colors, dull colors, brilliant colors, and soft colors. A color spectrum contains numerous hues which equal your talent. This is purpose of the academy. This is the purpose of the mentors. This is the purpose of you. You are a fairy. We do not possess a set of flapping ugly wings as the fairy tale goes…” 
Nabell chews with a sour at Daffodil. “I’m in a time warp of yesteryears. Does her rehearsed speech every change?”
Yachel whispers. “Nothing around here ever changes.”
Apella tears the bread and butters it. “She is the head mentor. She has to provide the same treatment to all the students every year.”
“Or what will happen, Apella?” Yachel turns with a sneer to Apella.
Apella lifts and points the dull knife at Yachel with a lady sneer. “Maybe, it’s something very bad to you, Yachel.” She eats the bread with a giggle.
I lean to Yachel with a whisper. “Where were you these past summertime days? I came to your house every morning, noon, and evening. You weren’t home.”
Yachel scans the room and each teen inside the Fairy Academy with a stern face and a serious tone. “I visited my grandmother this summer session, the entire session. I just get back this morning in time for Fairy School. And my grandmother showed me how to manicure my fingernails. She says that a lady wears long fingernails, showing off her elegant demeanor...”
“A fairy lady, that’s a new one on me.” Apella frowns at her ugly unpolished fingers, chewing the bread.
I look down and tear the bread, stuffing into my mouth, killing off the sulfur molecules and bothering with the set of broken utensils. Each fork has one or two missing prong with a dull knife that can’t cut a piece of paper at my place setting.
Daffodil says. “Attention, students. The bread has been broken and spread. Please stand and wait for your class mentor. Good luck and happy learning.”
I sit inside the chair, waiting for our new mentor, chewing the bread and steal Yachel’s bread, chewing too, and chew to break up the sulfur sour smell inside my mouth.
The room clears out with the other fairies, leaving only the two tables of red colors.
Daffodil moves and moseys down the aisle with a nod and a smile, stopping and standing between the tables. “I am your mentor for first period today and for the rest of the school session. The first period will last two hours then you will attend your fairy lore class with Mentor Ibbie. Today, you are going to construct the shell for your unique gem stone, holding both your fairy and your talent,” she hears the cheers and sees the smiles of the teen fairies. She says. “Please present your gem stone to me. I would like to examine each stone for both appraisal and assessment. If your stone is too raw in rock formation, then you will be hand sawing your rock into a polished stone instead, sitting here inside the banquet room.” She moves and stops on the boys’ table. She does not speak but nods at each approved gem stone as she steps around the teens, and stands in front of Persia.
I lift my gem stone in the air with a nod and a smile in silence. I did a good job, polishing the magenta into a gleaming and glittering rounded smooth gem, last year.
Daffodil nods to Persia, turning and staring at Yachel’s gem stone, saying with a sour frown and a sour tone. “Tsk. Tsk. Tsk. Tsk. You have a rock, not a stone. A stone is rounded and smooth. A rock is rough and raw. You will sit inside the banquet room for the two-hour class time limit, polishing your rock until gleaming, Miss Yachel.” She back steps with a nod, turning and examining the other gem stones in the air from each girl fairy, and back steps with a smile and a nod to each fairy. “We are ready.” Daffodil swings around, moving to the elevated wooden climbing around the broken steps, and skims over the numerous potholes and cracks of splintered wood, and halts in front of a black fluttering curtain.
She lifts and raises her palm gem stone as a bright yellow ray hits the curtain.
And the black curtain disappears.
A dark room with a set of black walls appears with a puff of white steam.
She hears the teens gasp and cough, saying with a nod and a grin. “Everyone follow me but Miss Yachel. This is the blacksmith shop.”


08:34 a.m.
1st period Blacksmith Shop


The teens dash into the new classroom.
When the last teen moves over the new floor, a new wall appears, blocking and locking the teens inside the dark blacksmith shop and out of the bright banquet room.
The rectangular shaped room is made of black stone, covering the four walls, and the ceiling. Numerous clouds of white heated steam plumes dance over the four walls, the ceiling, and the room space from a row of golden colored vats.
The teens swish at the white steam from their faces and their nose holes with set of giggles and chuckles.
The floor is made of metal that gleams in tones of silver, black, and gold. In the middle of the room, there are five large metal vats, where wiggling liquid boils in the color gold.
On the two long walls, there are individual tiny tables that are built into the wall and spaced two feet apart. The individual surface table holds nothing but air molecules. Below the surface, there is a black door completely enclosed without a window and is shut closed from eyeball viewing.
On the front side wall, there are vertical columns from the ceiling to the floor, featuring an array of black tinted metal frames. Each metal frame shows a different type of outer shell for constructing a gem stone pretty accessory for the teen fairy.
Daffodil stands in front of the vats in the middle of the crowded room. The white steam is so thick it covers part of her face. She wipes the heated stream from her sweaty face with a smile. “Please select a work station. All the work stations are exactly the same. And I promise they all work.”
The teens scoot around, settling and standing in front of a work station.
I move to the back of the room, grabbing one of the last work stations near the side wall, wiping the steam from my sweaty face. My clothes are starting to absorb all the water moisture droplets inside the enclosed room too. I turn and scan the room, wiping my sweaty face, standing in front of the work station with a smile of surprise.
There are no windows for viewing the outdoors or vents for eliminating the steam but only four walls of black stone that crawl with streams white vapors like snakes.
Daffodil wipes her sweaty face with a smile and a nod. “You can guess the reason and the smell of sizzling metals. On the far wall, beside me, there are various shell outer cases. You may pick the one that touches your fairy wave. You place the shell on top of the work station. The smooth surface has a fairy charm which will activate the design in the formation of your particular shell. The shell will suck down into the table surface, creating a hollow mold of your shell which is your first task. The second task, once the surface and shell are combined you will dip a cupful of gold liquid out from one of the five vats. All the vats are the same. They are located in the middle of the room for easy convenience and easy access. The other side wall, opposite the metal shells, holds all your working tools. There are many dipper cups on the wall. The dippers are the proper size and depth for dipping out one single cup of boiling and heated gold. Do not use your fingers. Or you will not have any more fairy fingers. If your shell is tiny like a ring, do not sweat it,” giggling.
“The table surface will absorb all the excess and spilled hot boiling gold liquid from the shell case onto the surface without getting you heated either. There are numerous tongs. The tongs are the same size for placing your gem stone into the boiling gold inside your shell, where the coolness and the hotness meet. After you place your gem stone into your shell case, the table surface will descend down into the oven below. Inside your work station, there is an oven, a very special baking appliance. The oven bakes in coolness, not hotness. When you gem stone has permanently fossilized into the shell case which is never to be removed, the oven will brighten in your particular gem stone color for completion of your finally task, an embedded gem stone accessory.”
Molfalso rubs his hands with a nod and a grin, “Sounds easy.”
Gable says with a worried brow on his sweaty lips. “Nothing’s easy in Fairyland.”
Daffodil wipes off the steam from her sweaty face with a smile and a nod. “This is not a competitive contest or a silly game. The gold is heated. The gem is cold. The oven is coolness. And the room is hotness. You make begin. O. Good luck. O. Some of you might discover that the proper completion of the detailed three step process will take until the rest of the school year.”
Apella wipes off the steam from her sweaty face with a smile and a nod, slapping her chest. “Not for me. I’m a whip at cooking and baking cookies and cakes. This is just a jeweled cookie for me.”
I wipe the sweat from my face, narrowing my eyelashes at the wall of metal frames, deciding which one and giggle with excitement.
Daffodil turns and moves to the entrance wall which faces the banquet room, and halts, swinging around with a giggle and a wicked grin. “O. I forgot to mention you are not allowed to move from your work station. The work station and you are one as they say. You must perform all your tasks, using your gem stone fairy ray with your feet parked and stationary inside an invisible square portion of the metal floor around the work station. If you step outside the invisible square, your gem stone ray will not work. Therefore, you will be forced to stand inside your invisible square again to continue your task,” she hears the teens sound with a moan.
She grins. “Allow me to demonstrate. Please, show me, if you possess a second gem stone.”
I nervously hunt for my second gem rock inside my fairy cape which has a pocket and find it, lifting my arm with the rock and shout with a smile and a nod. “Here! I got my second gem rock here. It’s all nice and polished by me for you to use, Mentor Daffodil.” I move and prance to her side with a grin and a giggle of mischief, stopping and standing in front of an empty work station, because I do not have to perform the three tasks. Since Daffodil is going to do the work for me.
The teens sound with a moan.
The male is short and skinny with a set of spaced teeth, a head of short curly black hair, a tone of dark tint skin. He mouth-spits between his parted lips with a sour frown, swishing his cape side to side and the steam from his face too. “That’s not fair. I don’t have my second gem stone with me.” Gable frowns with disappointment.
Daffodil extends her naked hand without her palm shell.
I place my rough gem stone inside her exposed palm with a smile and a nod of not doing any fairy work for the rest of the fairy school year.
She closes her hand with a smile and a nod, looking at each fairy. “A second gem stone is worthless both in a magical ray and a fairy talent. The first gem stone that sung to you last year is your power gem stone, accessing and thrusting forward your fairy magic from within towards outward. Therefore, this is a true gem stone. However, a gem stone is a gem stone. You can wear the second gem stone on your body for showing off, mostly.” She opens her palm and looks down with a smile to the stone, gasping. “A magenta gem stone is very rare indeed, Miss Persia. Now, I am going to demonstrate how you are to select, mold, and bake your gem stone inside your desired shell. What shell case do you desire for your second gem stone, Miss Persia?”
I wear a disappointed frown with my mental thought of doing my fairy work of creating a shell for my true magenta gem stone, turning and narrowing my eyelashes at the side wall of black metal frames with a smile. “I would like a ring case to show off my second magenta gem stone, please.”
“I would like to point out that your second gem stone is too large for a tiny ring mounting, which is not a problem. All the excess stone particles will quickly dissolve into the boiled gold, reforming the gem. Then the gold shell will form around the tiny second gem stone like a ring. This is only accomplished by using a second worthless gem stone.”
Molfalso grins. “So can I get my second gem stone mounted on a wide golden belt buckle instead? Then I can use the entire stone for showing off,” turning and nodding to his buddies.
Daffodil grins and views Molfalso and Persia. “Yes, Master Molfalso. That is a very clever use of your second gem stone. Do you still desire to build a ring casing around the second gem stone of magenta, Miss Persia?
I nod. “Yes.”
Daffodil says. “Everyone gather in a semi-circle slightly away but around the table surface for my only visual demonstration.”
The teens move and gather around, touching shoulder to shoulder, sweating on each other’s part bodies, swishing the steam from a worried brow too.
Daffodil raises and aims her palm with her gem stone at the wall. Her fairy bright yellow ray hits the top rack of black metal frames for a ring shell.
The black metal ring case is retrieved and toted on top of her fairy yellow ray like a tray. Then the ray contracts back to the table surface. The black metal ring cases gently lands on top of the smooth surface.
The table surface morphs into the shape of the black metal ring case.
The teens gasp.
Her yellow ray turns and hits the side wall, twisting into a yellow fairy cupped hand formation, grabbing the first long handle in the row of dipper cups. The dipper cup attaches to her yellow fairy ray and sails across the room, stopping and hovering over the first vat of gold. The yellow fairy hand lowers and dips the cup into the gold. The dipper cup surfaces and lifts in the air, draining back down exceed boiling gold from the overflowing sides.
White steam floats in the air, making more white smoke in the small overcrowded room of darkness and heat.
The dipper cup moves and sails across the metal floor, leaking and dripping a set of tiny droplets of boiled gold liquid over the black metal floor.
The floor rips and wiggles side to side with a set of tiny fusions, grabbing and attacking each golden droplet, sucking it down into the floor with a slurping noise.
The teens look down to the floor with a gasp.
The yellow fairy hand from Daffodil stops at the work station and pours down the gold liquid from the dipper cup over the black metal ring case on top of the flat surface. The case illuminates in gold color. The excess gold liquid overflows from the case, falling and dripping down the side of the work station, and solidifies to the side, turning black.
The teens gasp.
The golden ring case gleams in gold on top of the work station.
Daffodil points with a smile to the wall. “This is the place to drop your gem stone inside the golden shell. But you must use the tongs on the wall over there.”
Apella frowns. “Why can’t we use our fingers? It would be much more quicker and more faster and more better.”
Daffodil rattles her cape, showing and lifting a single green healthy tree leaf from an outside tree in the air, and tosses the leaf over the table surface. The leaf sizzles into red fire and burns into white ashes, drifting airborne over the work station.
The teens gasp, stepping back from the work station and the sizzling table surface.
Daffodil says with a smile and a nod. “The upper exposed portion of the table surface contains all the hotness above the surface as when heat raises. The coolness is below inside the oven. Therefore, when the gem stone has been permanently mounted into the ring shell, it is ready for wearing.”
She sails her yellow fairy ray into the wall, selecting a pair of tongs. The tongs fly and soar into her face, hovering in the air. She places Persia’s large rough magenta gem rock between the two metal tongs with her naked hand, balancing the rock, and carefully lowers both the tongs and the rock over the center mounting of the ring shell with her yellow fairy cupped hand.
The tongs gently float down to the ring mount. The rock gently touches the gold, making a sizzling sound.
The white smoke covers the ring shell, the tongs, and the gem stone. The teens gasp.
The white steam clears. The tongs push the gem stone deeper down into the gold, making more sizzling sounds. The white smoke covers the ring shell, the tongs, and the gems tone again. The teens gasp.
The white steam clears. The tongs shove the gem stone down into the gold as the gold splashes side to side, making more sizzling sounds. The white steam clouds the tongs, the ring shell and the gem stone. And then the smoke clears. Her yellow fairy cupped hand lifts from the gem stone without the tongs too. The gem stone sits inside the center of the ring mounting, perfectly. The teens gasp.
The table surface wiggles and descends down into the oven. The tray stops, parking inside the black colored oven. Then the table surface covers the oven pit with whiteness.
Daffodil looks down at the oven and looks up with a smile to see each fairy between the puffs of steam with a smile and a nod. “The tongs will disappear from your hand without burning your hand, dissolving into the table surface too, after you have placed your fairy gem stone in its case mounting. The oven is baking the gem stone into the gold in cool temperatures. The ring stone is very tiny compared to a belt buckle or a wrist watch or a necklace…” The oven dings with a musical tone and flashes off and on in a pretty bright magenta color. Daffodil looks up with a grin to see Persia. “Your ring is done. Open the door, Miss Persia and grab your ring…”
I back step, looking down at the flashing heated oven. “Is it really okay to touch with my fairy fingers, Mentor Daffodil?”
She grins. “Yes. It is really okay. I cannot touch the oven, since it is not my gem stone. Please open the door and take your new ring out.”
I exhale with a puff of worry, reaching and holding my hand over the oven door handle. I gently touch the handle with my index finger, feeling cool temperature and smile, slapping down the oven door. My ring rests on top of a flat black surface. I giggle and grab my ring, turning and lifting it into the air for all eyeballs to see with a grin. The teens gasp. I smile and shove it over my index finger. The magenta stone gleams and glitters in reds and purples, and blues.
Daffodil turns with a nod and a smile to see each sweaty face between the clouds of steam. “You have seen the demonstration. Go, fairies.” She waves her palm gem stone at the forward black colored wall. A door appears. Daffodil turns and leaves the blacksmith shop with a chuckle and an evil grin. The teen spins around and moves back to the work station, fiddling with her gem stone.
I swing around and move back to my work station, rattling my cape, whipping out my real gem stone and stop, standing in front of my work station inside the invisible square spot. I bite my lower lips and turn, lifting and aiming my naked gem stone at the far wall that hold all the different types of black metal frames. I really messed up, selecting a work station so far away. No matter. I am good at very short distances with my gem stone ray. My magenta ray slams into the crimson ray, hitting the ceiling. I shout with angry. “Hey!”
“Move outta of my way, Persia.” Molfalso yells as his crimson ray hits the wall without the metal frames.
“Traffic jam created…” Britton chuckles.
“I wanna ring case...” Apella yells as her golden fairy wave hits the wall from the collision.
“I wanna go home…” Nabell wipes her sour face from the steam.
“I wanna get outta of the steam…” Gable wipes his sour frown with his hands too.
“I wanna wrap ya in my ray, Gable. Get outta my way...” Molfalso yells, pointing his crimson gem rock at the wall of metal frames.
I wipe the steam from my face, lifting and aiming my gem stone at the wall again. My magenta ray floats over the vats and plows into a pale yellow gem stone ray from another a fairy which I barely could see in the smoky room.
Stad yells as his pale yellow fairy ray hits the wall and the ceiling. “Collision, doll, back up. I’m aiming for the belt bucket column too.”
I exhale with a puff of frustration, retracting my magenta ray into my gem stone with a soft slurp, standing in befuddlement at my work station. Daffodil made it look so easy and simple during her demonstration.
Numerous color rays sail and soar in the air and through the steam from different angles to the wall of metal frames and beautifully collide with a set of sizzling beams of colorful sparks.
A thicker ray bounces into the ceiling or the other wall. The thinner ray jolts the fairy side to side at the work station.
Britton raises his arms with a sour frown and a shout. “Let’s work together. So one at a time, each fairy will access the wall of shell cases then…” a crimson ray zings passed the earlobe of Britton. He frowns with fury. “I saw and felt that Molfalso. Ya want a fight, sir?” He fires his dark blue fairy ray back at the mean fairy.
Molfalso laughs, sliding to the right as the dark blue ray hits the wall with the dipper cups.
The dipper cups rattle with a tin.
The door opens.
Daffodil stands in the dark archway with a smile and a nod. “Two hours are exhausted in here. Believe it or not? Who has acquired your metal frame for molding your shell?”
Silence.
She swings around with a wicked grin and a chuckle, moving over the busted stage platform. “Please attend to your second academic period of fairy lore. It is in the same room with the same mentor.”
All the teens leave the room one at a time in mumbling fury at each other.
Blacksmith Shop ends at 09:56 am
I move and stomp out the blacksmith shop last, dragging my gem stone over my wet clothes, and whisper, “Prestoto dryneesie.” My red dress, my fairy cape, my fanny panties, my feet socks, and my cowgirl boots gleam in sparkling colors of red dryness. I jog to Yachel who stands from the table with a grin and a giggle for Fairy Lore Class.


10:02 a.m.
2nd period
Fairy Lore Class


I stomp down the dark hallway from the blacksmith shop beside Yachel, wiping the sweat from my brow with my hands. The gem stone doesn’t cure sickness, restore beauty, or dry my sweaty face from the blasted wet steam from the blacksmith shop.
Yachel turns and frowns at Persia. “Where’s your shell? Which one did you pick?”
I rub my gem rock over my body with a smile. “Which one didn’t I pick? It’s extremely complicated. You stand at your work station then use your gem stone ray to grab the shell, the dipper, the gold liquid, before you can mold the shell.”
Yachel smiles, “Sounds easy.”
“Sounds hard. Everyone has to stand at the work station and grab the shell with your gem stone ray. When everyone did, we all collided not nicely together. No one even reached a metal casing today. We were fighting and tripping over each other’s rays. Tomorrow is another day of fighting. But Daffodil made me a ring with my second gem stone. Ya like?” I extend my hand with my new magenta gem stone with a smile.
Yachel looks down with a smile and a nod to see Persia’s new ring. “I like…”
The door opens.
I enter through the archway into the class room first, stopping and stand along an empty white wall with the other shocked teens.
The entire room is solid white, glowing in smooth plastic on the ceiling, the floor, and the four walls of the square shaped room. There are no outside glass windows for viewing the ugly day of black clouds and drizzling rain. However, the furniture of smooth rounded white plastic chairs is missing.
The door closes.
The female is a tall and queen-sized adult with a head of brown colored hair, a tone of brown tinted skin, a set of brown colored eyes. She wears an aqua colored cape plus a matching tiara over her skull with an aqua gem stone broach pin at her neck, standing in middle of the empty floor with a smile and a nod to the teen fairies. “Welcome back, fourth class. This is indeed fairy lore. You are indeed in the correct room. The room is indeed empty. I am indeed, Mentor Ibbie. You will address me as Mentor Ibbie or ma’am or mentor which you had learned from last year too.” She removes her gem stone broach pin and squats down on the floor as her cape and her long dress puddles the smooth plastic, placing her gem stone on the floor too.
The four walls, the floor, and the ceiling inside room change into a set of individual words. The numerous individual black colored words vary in shape and size. Some are big or tiny as each word dances around the room, encircling around each wall then the ceiling, and finally the floor.
And then the set of black words circle around for a second time each object.
The teens gasp.
Ibbie stands with a nod and a smile to see each teen fairy. “Last year, I lectured about numerous topics, including the Fairy Academy, the fairy tales, the fairy historical events, and the fairy current events as part of your fifth class lectures and lessons. This year, as a set of older and mature fairy teens at the age of fourteen years old, you will present to me a fairy tale. The fairy tale will be an oral presentation…”
The teens moan.
She smiles. “Since an oral presentation is sometimes very boring on my part. You can exhibit a visual presentation instead with a set of colored pictures and photographs that tell your fairy tale to me and the rest of the class. The fairy tale will be decided by you or rather by your gem stone. You can see dancing around the room a set of individual words. Some of the words appear such like, halo, tiara, wings, fairy, prince, princess, queen, parents, house, sister, pixie, humans, brownies, academy, and others. The words are numerous, sailing along in a clockwise pathway from wall to wall and then flying up into the ceiling, and finally down along the floor. You must chase after your particular word then zap it with your unique gem stone ray. It is very easy and fun too. Then the word will sail from the surrounding wall or ceiling or floor and then it will embrace and cuddle your body like a blanket for all to see. Then the word will land inside your gem stone. Who will be the first volunteer to acquire your fairy tale topic? Once you have acquired your topic, you may exit this room and step into the room which is right next door. The reader-chairs are set up and ready for your research task, preparing for your personal verbal presentation. The verbal presentations will be due at the end of the year in the spring time.”
Apella stomps forward from the wall with a smile and a fluttering cape, stopping and standing in the middle of the room and whips out her naked gem stone, holding between her naked hands. She is still constructing her gem stone shell inside the blacksmith shop, scanning the wall with the runaway words with a giggle. “I want…”
Ibbie grins. “You do not need to vocalize your movement to hunt down your fairy tale topic. As a matter of fact, you will need your extra breath for the driving pursue.”
Apella turns and frowns to Ibbie. “What driving pursue?”
Ibbie moves and stands in the wall corner out of the way with a nod and a grin. “Please proceed with your hunt of your fairy tale, Miss Apella.”
Apella turns and narrows her eyelashes, studying the dancing words, slowly circling her body with the moving words and aims her gem stone at the bouncing word.
And she fires.
The ray hits the wall and ricochets into the group of standing teens.
The teens drop down to the hard floor with a moan of surprise and a groan of pain. Then the teens crawl away from the wall, huddling and stopping in front of the doorway, wearing scared and worried brows.
Apella tosses her chin in victory over the silly teens with a giggle, carefully following her desired word with her gem rock around the room, releasing her ray and gasps with shock.
“Dang.” Molfalso jerks away from the approaching sizzling golden ray of Apella, squatting and sliding into a group of standing teens near the archway.
The teens fall and collide together and then land in a big pile of wiggling limbs and nasty shouts.
Her golden ray hits into the standing spot on the wall of Molfalso and ricochets off and into another group of standing teens near the archway.
The other group of fairy teens collides and falls on top of each other into a pile of wiggling limbs and nasty shouts.
Ibbie catches the ray of Apella with a smirk and her aqua ray, bouncing it into her direction and into her aqua gem stone with a nod to the wiggling pile of limbs. “O. I forgot to mention the white walls, ceiling, and the floor material cannot be harmed with a fairy ray. If the fairy ray does not hit a word, then the fairy ray bounces against the wall and then comes back to the other side or the floor or another fairy teen.”
Kuelle stands with a sour frown, wiping off the blood from another set of fairy’s lips, squatting near the archway with the other fairies. “Mentor Ibbie, I wanna live to see tomorrow and get married and have children, one day.”
“I wanna leave the room.” Gable wipes off the blood from his lips and cuddles into the wall corner, squatting on his kneecaps.
Ibbie grins. “To supplement the bouncing fairy ray, you must expose your gem stone and try to catch it or at least move away from it. Please precede, Miss Apella.”
The teens move and split into smaller groups, crouching against the wall along on the floor in both fright and fear of the next fairy ray from Apella.
Apella targets and aims her gem rock with an evil laugh up at the ceiling, following her desired word and fires her ray, missing again.
Her golden ray hits the wall, the ceiling, and punches Gable on his boot toe. Britton raises his dark blue gem rock over his skull, capturing the wayward golden ray into his gem rock.
The teens squat and cheer.
Gable stands and dances side to side, dousing a set of the tiny red fire sparks, holding his boot toe in the air. “Hot. Heated.”
Ibbie grins. “Are you alright, Master Gable?”
Gable spits more of his mouth salvia between his parted lips. “Yeah. I’m okay.”
Apella targets and aims with a wicked smirk her gem stone at the wall, slowly circling around the room and fires at the rear wall, capturing her desired word.
Her word flies from the wall, engulfing her body in whiteness, framing the letters of the word in blackness over her body. Then her word falls down into her gem rock, exposing the same Apella with a big grin.
Her word gleams in white before her eyeballs and disappears down into the golden hue of the rock.
Ibbie grins. “What word did your capture, Miss Apella?”
“Queen,” Apella stares with an evil smile into her golden gem rock, moving and swinging to the archway with a smile and a nod. “Ta-ta, ya’ll.”
The teens move away from the archway.
The door opens.
Gable stomps a right boot toe from the wall. “I’m going, next.”
Apella leaves the classroom with a smile.
The door closes.
Molfalso reaches, grabs, and jerks Gable by the cape with a worried brow. “Ah naw. You’re the worse shooter of the fairies in our class. You go last. Go on, Zann. You’re pretty good at aiming your ray accurately without killing any other fairy. I’ll stay and catch the bouncing rays, before someone gets hurt like me,” laughing.
Zann stands from the floor with a sour frown at Ibbie, exhaling with a puff of concern, moves and stops in the middle of the floor. She watches her desired word sail around the wall then up to the ceiling and finally down over the floor. She slides sideways, targeting and aiming her gem stone at her word.
And she fires.
Her word explodes into whiteness and engulfs her body with blackness.
All the teens squat and cheer on the floor.
Her word flies down into her gem stone.
Ibbie grins. “What is your word, Miss Zann?”
She says with a grin and a giggle, staring down into her pink gem rock. “Princess,” she swings around with a smile to the archway.
The door opens.
The teens move and cheer for Zann.
Zann leaves the classroom.
The door closes.
The teens move and squat near the archway for protection.
Kuelle remains standing, wiping off the dried blood and the pretend dust from the floor over her dress and her cape, moves and stops in the middle of the room, pulling out her lilac gem rock. “I’m getting out of here before I got zapped by Gable’s ray.” She laughs and aims her ray at her desired word on the wall, missing. A lilac ray hits the wall and bounces onto the floor. She dances side to side from her own ray with a sneer.
I lean to Yachel with a grin and a whisper. “Have ya noticed that all the watcher fairies possess better battle skills than the other fairies?”
Yachel watches Kuelle with a sour frown. “Kuelle’s not going to be a watcher fairy.”
I whisper. “Zann is and Molfalso is and Britton is. They all caught the wandering rays with ease…”
Yachel snorts. “Lucky catches.”
Kuelle exhales with a puff of disappointment and kneels on the floor, rotating her gem stone, targeting her desired word and blasts her ray. The lilac ray hits the wall, bouncing back to the opposite wall. She drops down to the floor, covering her tiara with a worried brow.
The teens move with a scream, falling into a pile of wiggling bodies out of the way of the runaway lilac fairy ray.
I lean to Yachel with a giggle, avoiding the runaway ray.
Her lilac ray hits the wall and ricochets to the other wall, bouncing out of control.
Britton moves and steps from the wall with a stern face, stopping and standing over a body folded Kuelle and ducks to the side as the lilac ray zings by his face. He lifts his gem stone over his hair roots, holding and capturing the wayward ray.
The teens cheer and squat down over the floor.
Britton slides from the middle of the room, scooting and stopping next to Persia with a smile and holds his gem stone in both his hands for the next wayward ray. “Are ya okay?”
I lean into his chest with a smile. “Yeah.” I don’t want to block his arms as he tries to catch another lilac fairy ray from a lousy shooting Kuelle.
He winks to Persia. “Keep your head low.”
Kuelle stands up on one knee with a stern face, following her desired word around the room and aims her gem stone at the word, watching it go around the wall. She fires. The word explodes into whiteness, covering her body in blackness as she giggles from the excitement and the victory.
Her word down flies into her lilac gem stone.
Kuelle stands, wiping the sweat from her body. “What a sweaty workout here and there? I’m out of here, ya’ll,” she turns and marches to the archway.
The teens move ahead the room with a set of loud cheers. The door opens.
Kuelle leaves the classroom. The door closes.
All the other teens kneecap and move back in front of the archway.
Yachel elbows Persia with a stern face and a whisper. “We need to escape our dungeon and our mistress.” She stands and runs into the middle of the room, watching the words go around the walls without raising her gem stone. She decides which desired word she wants and aims at the moving target. She fires her pale blue ray. The word explodes into whiteness over her body as she raises her arms with a smile. The word falls over her body in blackness. “Yeah. I am done here. You’re next, Persia. Go. Get moving now!”
Her word falls down into her pale blue gem stone.
Yachel turns and dashes to the door with a nod and a smile, holding her gem rock between her hands.
I exhale with a puff of nervousness, standing and moving into the middle of the room, watching the numerous black words fly around the room like birds. I narrow my eyelashes and select my desired word of choice. I raise my gem stone, following my selected word.
My word flies up to the ceiling and down to the flooring and then into the middle of the wall.
I exhale with a puff of nervousness, targeting my word with my magenta gem rock.
My word flies up to the ceiling again.
I fire my magenta ray, hitting the ceiling and duck and roll down over the floor out of sight.
My ray hits the ceiling and the floor, bouncing up and down from the ceiling down to the floor in fast speed.
I cover my tiara with my hand and my cupped hand with my gem rock in fear and embarrassment of my failed shooting.
Britton moves from the wall, chasing after the runaway magenta ray around the room.
Molfalso stands and moves, galloping around at the wayward magenta ray too, going around the room.
My fairy ray bounces up and down from the ceiling down to the floor without stopping.
I curl into a kitten-ball in the middle of the room with fright.
Stad moves and forms a loose circle with Britton and Molfalso, holding his pale yellow gem stone between his hands, following the runaway fairy wave.
My magenta ray hits the ceiling.
Stad moves and slides down on his knees underneath the magenta ray, capturing it inside his gem stone with a smile and a laugh. “Phew-wee! Persia’s got some punch with her fire. Just aim it straight, then ya be a terror, honey,” laughing.
I lift my face with a grin of amusement, moving and kneeling on the floor, watching my desired word fly around the room. I watch and wait. My word flies in front of my boot toe. I fire my ray. The word explodes into whiteness around my body. I feel extreme warm and happy with my achievement as my body turns into blackness with the word. I feel extreme cool and contentment.
My word falls down into my magenta gem stone in a series of white letters: pixie.
I frown with confusion, standing and swinging to the archway, staring at the fairy word.
The teens move and cheer for Persia. The door opens.
I leave the fairy lore classroom. The door closes.
I move into a quiet hallway, stopping and looking over my collar bone. The hallway is dark, except for the lighted portraits of the ugly Fairy Queen on each picture frame. I turn and see the closed door at the next classroom, moving to the archway, holding my gem rock with my fairy word assignment.
Inside the next classroom room setting, the door opens.
I move into a new classroom, seeing the familiar set of white plastic and smooth reader-chairs in neat rows like last year.
Apella sits inside her reader-chair, scribbling on her reader-tray, working on her fairy tale assignment.
I move and examine each reader-chair for Yachel, stopping at her reader-chair, leaning over the reader-tray with a smile and a chuckle. “I do believe we have truly landed in a fairy training campus...”
Yachel sits inside her reader-chair, hand polishing her pale blue rock into a gem stone, exhaling with a puff of pain, whipping her cut hand in the air. She wiggles her hand and dries the wet blood and deep burn with the cold air. “Ugh. It hurts.” 
“Wished, I could do it for ya, babe.” I exhale with a puff of pain for my best friend
“I know. Me, too.” She reaches and replaces her hand over the stone, polishing the rough rock. “One or two days of pain and suffering then I will be done and can join you inside the blacksmith shop. I like your ring, thou.”
I lean and touch the ring with a smile, feeling the smooth stone as it shines in deep blues, reds, and purples. “Me, too. Where were you again those summertime days?”
“At my grandmother’s house.”
“Where does your grandmother live? I could’ve visited ya at least one day.”
“Way far, over yonder on the other side of the island, the south side.”
“O! You could’ve called me, too.”
Yachel polishes the stone with a soft whisper without looking up at Persia. “No! I could not have. I was visiting my grandmother. She’s both ill and sick. I was with my family too…”
I smile. “I saw Britton on those summertime days too. I saw him at the food market, one day. That was the best I could manipulate with my mom being away from the house for one day.” I exhale with a puff of annoyance. “He didn’t seem mad either that I couldn’t visit him more days during the summertime. He greeted me on the front porch of the academy, this morning.” I gasp. “Did you get nailed with the watcher fairies with your luggage, too?”
“Storette garmento…”
I whine. “How come everyone knows that but me?”
“You don’t study like me and the other fairies.”
I frown. “O! I guess that would’ve helped too. But I didn’t need it. Britton came along, helping me…”
“…like a spider,” Yachel growls.
I slap her arm. “Beg your pardon. Like a gentleman fairy, ya mean. I was stranded and stuck outside on the front porch in the drizzling rain clouds. These mean fairy watchers would not let me into the academy doors even though the double doors are broken, half-way hanging off the hinges. I could’ve kicked the watcher then watched him fall back into the rotten doors and then the double set of rotten doors would have parted for me,” giggling.
Yachel scoots from her reader-chair, standing and placing her pale blue gem stone into the cape with a sour frown to Persia. “You should not use these particular words.”
I look up with a sour frown. “What particular words, Yachel?”
“The words related to some harm or lots of danger to the one or more watcher fairy. A watcher fairy is really a warrior fairy in disguise…”
“Disgust, ya mean.” I giggle.
The black words appear over the white walls, the ceiling and the floor: Class is dismissed.
I turn with a smile to point the wall. “This is definitely our new fairy training campus, this year.”
“I agree. And what exactly are we training for, Persia?” Yachel turns and leads to the archway with a sour frown.
The door opens.
I skip through the archway.
The door closes.
Fairy Lore Class ends at 10:57 a.m.


11:01 a.m.
3rd period Gem Class


I move behind Yachel with a confused brow from her statement, pressing my gem stone over my clothes and transform into my shirt, a pair of my blue jeans, and my cowgirl boots for Gem Class with the other teens.
Stad purposefully bumps his tallness into Yachel, cuddling with a smile and a whisper of a set of secret words into her face.
I rush and scoot around the love birdies with a giggle and a grin.
Britton moves and bumps into Persia, wrapping his arms around her, chuckling with a smile into her face.
I look up with a smile to see his grin, “Hey, there.”
Britton stops, back stepping and frowning with annoyance at her. “Ya kissed another raccoon, again?”
I slam my hands over my mouth, “Naw.” I turn and lead into the archway of more dull and peeling paint of the fairy auditorium, stopping and scooting next to Yachel and Stad and stare at the fairy monitor with a sour frown.
Britton moves behind Persia with a sour frown, stopping and sitting in the second row of bleaches and views the fairy monitor.
The fairy monitor is a petite and slender female with a head of blonde colored hair, a tone of dark tinted skin, and a pair of aqua colored eyes. She stands in front of the open archway in the rear of the room, wearing a hunter green choker around her throat with a hunter green gown, cape and matching tiara. “Welcome to Gem Class, again. I am Mentor Oviv, again. We will practice outdoors today. You have grown both too strong and too tall. You have outgrown the ceiling too. And I don’t want any busted skulls or more busted ceiling tiles. I do believe that the ceiling is going to fall on our faces, one day. Everyone move outside.” She turns and moves to the open archway in the rear of the room.
Britton stands and scoots from the bleacher, moving to the open archway in the rear of the room.
I stand and skip through the loose group of teens, pulling up beside Britton but not too close to his body or holding his hand in front of the fairy mentor and say with a smile and a nod to his nose profile. “You did a good job, capturing the runaway waves in Fairy lore class.”


Outdoors dry grass and tall weeds
Warm temperatures with bright sunshine


Britton and I exit through the archway and pace away from the other teens into the meadow of short dry grass and stop, staring ahead at a flat dirt field that leads to the thick lush green forest.
He looks at the forest with a stern face. “Watchers are warriors, darling.”
I gasp and frown at his nose profile. “Watcher fairies are not warriors. Fairies are not warriors. We are peaceful critters of the night,” smiling.
He chuckles with a nod to the forest. “It’s our watcher motto. Don’t ya got a motto, too, darling?”
I look with a puzzled brow at his nose profile. “I don’t have a motto. I don’t know which fairy job I want at the moment to possess a motto.”
He chuckles to the forest. “Ya could be a watcher too. Lots of the fairies have chosen the watcher job…”
“Why would they do that? The fairy jobs should be equally distributed for all fairies throughout the land…”
“You ain’t gunning for the queen either,” he chuckles.
I say with a confused brow to his nose profile. “What?”
Oviv moves from the archway, standing on the side of dry grass and says into her hunter green gem stone as all the other gem stones of the teen fairies pick up her instructional words. “Please stand in a semi-crooked line. Since I know and you know that teens can’t follow instructions perfectly. Now, whip out your naked gem stone in front of your waist line, no higher. Since I know and you know that teens didn’t access the wall of metal frames in the blacksmith shop today. Now, activate your individual colored ray or bean or wave which every pick touches your fancy over the flat brown dirt first, before doing anything else. I want your ray flat on the dirt.”
I giggle with a smile at her funny statement, holding my naked gem stone without a golden shell at my waist line. My cape drapes over my elbows. I arch both my wrists magically and mentally activate my magenta ray. I shoot my wave to the first tree about hundred feet, glittering in the dull peeks of sunlight prettily.
Britton holds and activates his dark blue stone at his waist too, nicely fluttering over the dirt in shades of deep blue and rich black hues of the dark blue gem rock. 
The other teens easily toss an individual fairy ray from a gem rock in a straight line to the thick lush green forest of trees too. 
Oviv stands beside a row of teen fairies and touches her gem stone for her instructions. “Now, walk your boot toes or sandal heels or naked feet, I don’t really care which shoe type across your individual gem stone ray. Do not scoot over into your neighbor’s wave. The fairy wave will be a slightly, more wobble-like feeling underneath the slight uneven ground soil. You will wobble side to side also. Therefore, you will use your fairy magic to balance your body upright or crawl like a baby or walk like a dog. I don’t care which marching formation. I do care about any type of injury to your fairy body.”
Britton leans with a chuckle and a whisper to Persia, viewing her fairy wave. “Is that the ‘bestest’ ya got, doll?”
I extend my wave with a nod and a smile another two hundred feet.
He shines his dark blue wave parallel to mine, extending it over four hundred feet.
I slap his bicep with my free hand as his ray quivers.
Oviv says via her gem stone. “Now, walk or crawl slowly across your wave. Do not run like a unicorn or jog like a brownie or gallop like a winged horse.”
I exhale with confidence. I had shoved my magenta wave this morning, moving our heavy family fairy coach from the tiny overhead shed as my parents clapped and cheered for my excellent performance. I whisper with a smile. “I got this.” I stomp my right cowgirl boot first and slide to the left from my wiggling wobbliness wave. I gasp, whipping a left arm parallel to the wave, standing in place, exhaling with fear of my wave.
Oviv says via her gem stone. “I do care about injuries. The wave is different from walking on solid earth. The planet, where you were birthed. The wave is a living object with tons of energy. You must learn to respect both the energy and the power of the fairy ray or beam or wave. Now, walk along the wave in slo mo or slow motion, if one of those words penetrates your dull IQ.”
I bring a left arm over to my wrist that holds my fairy wave straight to the forest trees. I slowly lift and stomp my right boot toe over the wave. My wave slightly wobbles side to side. I repeat and stomp my left boot toe over the wave, walking upright slowly down the colored aisle, thinking of a wedding or formal celebration. I find the wave pretty stable with my fairy magic.
I move and walk half-way down my fairy wave.
Oviv says via her gem stone. “Stop. Now, stand in place, retract your wave back into the gem stone while walking backward. The retraction will shrink the wave from the dirt and you back into your original spot. This exercise is similarly used for learning to drive a coach. The coach goes forward and backward with your wave energy.”
“What?” I turn with a worried brow to see the body of Britton.
Britton stumbles backward on his feet as his dark blue wave shrinks in color.
I exhale with a puff of annoyance and move but really stumble backward on my boot heels and stop, whipping my magenta wave in the air.
My wave reacts, rippling up from the dirt and slams down over my boot toes.
I gasp with shock, back stepping faster from my rippling fairy wave.
The wave follows me.
I back step faster.
The faster I walk, the faster, it travels.
I slam into a low plant bush near the building brick as my fanny hits the dull thorn points with a yelp and stop.
My wave sucks back into my gem stone with a silly slurping sound.
I wipe the sweat from my face with a grin and a giggle, hearing the other slurps from fairy waves and giggles from fairy lips.
Oviv says via her gem stone for all eardrums. “Now, burp out and extend your wave forward and raise it by two inches from the flat dirt…”
Molfalso says via his crimson gem rock for all eardrums. “I did that when I was four years old.”
Oviv says via her gem stone for all eardrums. “Then you may go and spend the day with the four-year-old in their academic class time, Master Molfalso instead of wasting my class time. Now, raise the wave by two inches and walk over the fairy wave.”
I hold my gem rock in front of my waist, shoot, extend, and raise my wave by two inches from the flat dirt. I slowly extend a first boot toe and slowly stomp on top of my magenta wave. My wave sharply wobbles side to side. I stomp my other boot toe and balance again with my free arm, sliding up to stand upright. The wave settles evenly. “O. So the key’s is a smooth move. Got it.” I move forward over my magnet wave of two inches in the air, feeling the slightly wobble and bouncing air bubbles underneath the wave. I walk half-way over my wave and hear through my gem rock.
Oviv says via her gem stone. “Stop. Now, turn around and face the building. I want you to retract your wave, coming from behind your boot heels,” giggling.
I stop and say with a confused brow to my wave. “How am I supposed to do that? My wave is attached to my gem stone. My wave goes forward, not backward. And I’m standing on top of the wave.” I turn and spy on the other teens.
Britton turns with a wink and a smile to see Persia, swinging his body around to face the building, shifting his gem stone on the other side. His dark blue wave violently bucks up and down as he tumbles off the wave and down over the dirt.
His dark blue wave flutters in the breeze as his face eats the dirt.
The other teens laugh and point at poor Britton.
Britton exhales and stands on his knees in the ground, wiping off the dirt with a grin. “Don’t do it that way.” He stands and lowers his dark blue wave flat on the ground, climbing back on top and slowly sails to the building.
I gasp and stare down at my wave with a worried brow. “I don’t wanna eat dirt either.”
Molfalso bends his kneecaps, advancing his crimson wave forward at an angle and slightly turns to the opposite direction, making a half-circle in the air. He stands in a crouch and surfs his wave in the air. He faces the building, riding his wave both fast and higher than two inches with a cheer and a grin for his fun to building and leaps off his crimson wave, bowing for drama as his wave sucks back into his gem rock with a silly slurping sound.
The teens stand on a fairy wave with claps and cheers.
Yachel stands and flips her pale blue wave sideways, holding her arm in the air, keeping her wave steady. Her pale blue wave slightly wobbles. She lands on her wave on her feet with her arm behind her back spine as her wave shoots between her legs and to the building. She surfs with a cheer and a grin forward, retracting her wave into her gem stone to the building at high speed too with sounds of a burp and a slurp.
Gable slowly surfs his lime green wave with a grin to the thick lush forest and flips his wave upside, falling off the wave into a pile of soft dry tree leaves.
The teens stand on the ground or on a wave with laughs and fingers Gable.
Oviv says via the gem stone. “Master Gable, that is not a correct surf procedure.”
Gable stands with a sour frown and wipes off the tree leaves, shooting and reactivating his lime green wave and slowly surfs to the building.
Stad stands on his pale yellow flat fairy wave with a smile and a chuckle after seeing the loser fall in the dirt. “Let me show ya, fairy.” He rapidly surfs to the forest and swings his wave into a perfect U-turn, kneeling on top of his wave like skating. His pale yellow wave swiftly turns in the opposite direction. He slowly stands with a cheer and a smile, facing the building. 
His wave surfs and retracts into his gem stone to the building with a silly slurping sound too. Then Stad leaps off the small beam onto the grass without the bow, moving and cuddling Yachel with a smile and a chuckle.
The teens stand in the grass or on a fairy wave with cheers and claps.
Apella follows Molfalso’s method. She slowly surfs to the forest and performs a wide turn on her kneecaps without falling off, sailing to the building and retracting her golden wave into her gem stone.
And she stops in the air on the small carpet of gold that glitters in the sunlight, swinging around, curtseying to the other fairies with a smile and a giggle.
The teens stand in the grass or on a fairy wave with cheers and claps.
Apella jumps down on the ground as her gem rock sucks up the rest of her fairy wave with a slurping sound. She turns and moves to the building.
The rest of the flying teens and I decide to follow the methods of both Apella and Molfalso that exhibit the least dangerous body damage.
I stand on my wave and exhale with a puff of nervousness, surfing my wave to the forest and bend down my kneecaps, holding my arm parallel to the wave for body balance. I lean my body to the left. The wave leans to the left too. Then I lean to the right. The wave leans to the right. I lean to the left again. The wave leans to the left, making a pretty lousy half-circle. I stand on the wave with a smile, slowly surfing and retracting my wave into my magenta gem rock and hear the funny burps and slurps sound behind my fanny.
I land my magenta wave on top of the brown dead grass, clapping and cheering my own fairy performance with a giggle and a grin, since I’m one of the last fairies left on the top of the dead grass.
Britton and his male friends and the female fairies have all moved away from the ground, the building, and Persia, since it is lunchtime for the hungry teens.
Oviv says via the gem stone. “Very, very good, class is dismissed.”
Gem Class ends at 11:50 a.m.


11:58 a.m.
Hallway setting


I run and move beside Yachel through the archway, wiping the sweat from my face with my hand. “Poo, I need a bath.”
She giggles. “You need some mouthwash, honey. What’da ya do kiss a raccoon or something?”
I stop and turn to see her face, dropping my mouth.
“Your breath stinks.” Yachel moves ahead down the dark hallway.
I follow behind her, wiping my tongue with my gem stone, stomping through the dark hallway and feel a brisk cold wind that tosses my hair from my neck, wrapping my arms around my body.
The spirit is tall with a tone of translucent skin, a head of long white hair with a bonnet and a long ankle-length dress as she-ghost floats besides Yachel with a smile.
Yachel lifts and thrusts both her arm with a sour frown the she-ghost. “Go away, spirit.”
She-ghost frowns and floats beside Yachel. “I thought you were my friend…”
I watch the she-ghost move backward and disappear into the dark wall, moving and pulling up with a confused brow next to Yachel. “Are you friends with the unfriendly ghosts, now?”
Yachel moves ahead to the lunchroom with a sour frown. “Naw, I’m hunger and tired from all the running fairy wave activities. I’ll come to your suite for lunch...”
I stop and stand with a puzzled brow, swinging around to view my private bedroom on the second floor while waiting for Yachel.


12:10 p.m.
3rd level floor
Bedroom setting of Persia
Lunchtime meal


The door opens.
I move ahead and sit inside my ratty and ugly mismatched colorful patched filled loveseat behind a window of spidery breaks and feel the heated air while drinking the fresh water, after brushing my teeth five different times.
Yachel bangs the door off the hinges, coming into the room, carrying two food trays and moves, stopping at the low table in front of the loveseat, placing the trays on top. She lifts the lid as the steam drifts to the ceiling. She grabs her plate and a fork, turning and moving to the far window and stands, diving into her meal.
I chew and swallow the food, looking down at my plate. “Which fairy job are you going to be, Yachel?”
Yachel stares between the creaks in the broken glass at the ground soil and the tree branches, picking and not eating at her food. “Oviv didn’t tell the complete story about each gem stone, last year.”
I chew and swallow the food, looking down at my plate. “I don’t know what I wanna be. My parents are watchers but gone a lot. I don’t wanna be gone like that.”
She stares between the creaks in the broken glass and picks at her food. “Every gem stone is colored for a reason. And each color has a specific meaning…”
“Britton’s going to be a watcher too. He said that lots of the new fairies have determined that they wanna be watcher fairies too. Why is that? I thought the fairy jobs were distributed equally…”
She stares out the window creaks. “And each color has an array of hues. For example, the color of green is balance. Pale green is growth. Emerald green is inspiration. Jade is confidence. Lime green is youthfulness. And dark green is resentment.”
I chew and swallow my food, looking down at the plate. “You’re going to be a fairy farmer like your mom and your dad. I might be a fairy farmer too. Yeah. That’s a good fairy job…”
She stares out the window creaks without eating her food. “The color of turquoise is calm. The color of teal is trustworthy. Aqua is the color of protection.”
I chew and swallow, lifting the glass of water, looking at her nose profile at the window. “Which shell case are you getting for your gem stone?”
She stares out the window creaks without eating her food. “The color of purple is justice. Violet is imagination. Lavender is fragility. Lilac is immaturity. Mauve is commonness. Amethyst is vulnerable. Plum is honor. Dark purple is arrogance.”
I drink the water, lifting and eating the food, chew and swallow at her nose profile. “My mom wears a long necklace pendant, covering her apricot colored gem stone. My dad uses his light brown gem stone in a wrist band on his arm. Oviv wears a hunter green throat choker with her gem stone around her neck. Kaapo holds her amber gem stone on her bracelet…”
She stares out the window creaks without eating her food. “The color of pink is sweetness. Blush is shyness. Rose pink is love. Salmon pink is flirty. Orchid is unconventional. Fuchsia is warmth. Hot pink is passionate.”
I chew and swallow to her nose profile. “I’m leaning towards a palm shell or a necklace shell or an earring…”
“Cobol blue is trust. Sky blue is calmness. Azure blue is contentment. Dark blue is responsibility. The color indigo is order. And pale blue means loyalty.”
I say with a smile and a nod to her nose profile. “And you’re my loyal best friend, Yachel. What shell are you getting for your pale blue gem stone?”
“The color of peach is communication. Golden orange is vitality. Amber is self-esteem. Burnt orange is pride. Dark orange is ambition.”
I look sown and touch my ring. “I like the ring too. But I wanna use the entire gem stone. I learned that in blacksmith shop today…”
“The color of red represents physical energy. Maroon is seriousness. Burgundy is sophisticated. Crimson is determination. Scarlet is defiance…”
I chew and swallow my food. “I know. I wanna get a palm gem stone then whip it out of my fairy cape while it hides in secret when I wanna zap someone not for fun but for evil…”
“Do you see that the darker hue of each gem stone seems to represent the more dramatic emotions of our species? Dark yellow is depression. Lemon yellow is sensitivity. Citrine yellow is superficial. Golden yellow is curiosity. Yellow represents knowledge …”
I frown at her nose profile. “Yellow represents knowledge. Is that why Daffodilly is the color of yellow? I thought it was her yellow looking blonde hair?” I giggle.
She turns with a sour frown to see Persia on the loveseat. “Have you been listening to me, Persia?”
I eat and chew, “Yeah.”
She frowns. “The color of brown is protection. Light brown is sincere. Dark brown is strength. Tan is uncomplicated. Ivory is reserved. Beige is practical. The color of gray is compromise.”
“Apella got the golden gem stone. What does the color of gold represent?”
Yachel exhales. “The color of gold is status. However, the color of silver is status too. Which is puzzling to me? The color of gold is a masculine energy and the power of the sun when compared to silver which is associated with feminine energy and the sensitivity of the moon. Do you know what happens when the sun and moon meet or mate or merge?”
I smile. “Naw. What happens?”
“Darkness,” Yachel exhales, moving and placing the full plate of food back on the tray, lifting both the food tray and swings to the archway.
The door opens.
Yachel squats and places both dirty food trays on the floor, standing and waiting in the hallway.
I stand from the loveseat and skip across my room to the archway, moving ahead of Yachel with a giggle and a grin, “Time for music class.”
Lunch time ends at 12:58 p.m.


01:02 p.m.
4th period Music Class
Warm temperatures with partly clouds of sunshine


I move down the hallway, minus the ghosts with my fairy classmates.
No one is shouting or rushing to the next fairy academic class which is called Music Class instead of Flute Class.
The Flute Class is for the fifth class of thirteen years old.
And every stomach is filled with good food and blocked dull neurons for any type of additional fairy training, this early afternoon.
The teens turn and move through the archway of the classroom as I follow behind and inside the classroom.
The room is a big space of duller beige peeling paint without rows of individual metal chairs and noisy students. The elevated wooden platform is empty also.
Apella leads the teens around the perimeter of the naked and paint peeling walls for her fun, circling the room, moving back through the archway.
Most of the males touch the wall with the peeled paint and jerk it off, tossing at each other for their fun.
The light weight paint flakes fall down to the wooden floor or between the holes of the wooden planks, dying in silence and dull glory.
I am last with Yachel, following behind the paint flakes, the silly males, and our fairy teen leader Apella.
Apella exits the class room, turning and moving down the hallway through the open archway and into the outdoors. She leads the teens directly to the fairy monitor in the open grass grassy meadow.
And then she stops with the other teens.
I stomp outside behind Yachel, stopping and gathering in a loose teen huddle with Yachel, Stad and, Britton and stare at the fairy monitor also.
The new fairy monitor is a tall and muscular male with a brown colored ponytail behind the nape of his neck, a face of brown colored beard, a tone of pale tinted skin, and a pair of blue colored eyes. He looks with a grin and a nod to each fairy, “Xing.” Then he whistles in a smooth baritone musical pitch.
I cross my arms with a confused brow at the new fairy monitor.
The dull gray rain clouds wiggle side to side in an unnatural state among the slightly darker clouds of rain.
I look up with a set of narrowed eyelashes to the gray clouds, seeing a swarm of tiny black bees that is coming in my way and back step from the dark bees with the other teens.
The clouds of a gray sky become stark white, brightening up the dullness of day.
I see a set of the flying horses.
Each horse flaps a pair of solid white wings between a solid back body frame, flying in a semi-row formation as the rows of wings and bodies part the dull gray rain clouds into numerous rays of light.
The teen bounce on boot toes with cheers and claps.
Xing turns from the flying horses with a sour frown, waving his hand to each fairy. “Quiet, fairies.”
The teens stand and suck on air molecules.
Each horse soars within thirty feet of each flying horse in-between the rows among in the sky. Then the massive group lands all at once and stand upright, spreading over the hills and valleys on top of the green pasture, killing all the pretty wildflowers, and shaking the earth and twists the semi-dry dirt into swirls. Each horse also has a set of white long mane (hair), draping down over its neck and a two pair of white hairy hoofs, complementing its wings and its mane.
The lead white winged horse shakes its head, slapping its wings into a fold formation with a popping sound. Then it slowly moves to Xing.
Xing extends a hand with a nod and a grin as the horse stops beside him. He reaches and firmly pats the horse on the sweaty and smelly neck, rubbing its face, turning with a smile to see each teen. “The winged horse does not live inside a stable barn like a unicorn. Their home is the skyline, and sunlight, and rain storms, and hail pellets. They love being outdoors and not inside. They are social beasts too. They fly in packs with their favorite friends. So when you finally mount your beast and wand him to do your bidding, you might find that your new fairies friends have changed. Those are the major rules around a winged horse. Some of the minor rules...”
Britton laughs. “Shouldn’t all the rules be major?”
Xing chuckles to the teen. “Yes, Master Britton. Every rule should be wisely obeyed. But between me and you, some of the other teens like to ignore the rules for some funny silliness. Some of the minor rules include. Now, listen very carefully. Do not make contact with the mouth of the horse with your hand or your fingers. His mouth is for food to chop and eat like yours. Horses take cues from your emotions and your body language. If you are tense and anxious, the horse will be also. You and horse have not every smelled each other, yet. That’s good. They don’t like smelly folks or sweet fragrances like vanilla, lavender, and rosy odors. So if you are wearing girly perfume either change it into a tree pine smell or wipe it off your body, before your mount your beastie. You are going to do a join-up. The real secret of the join-up, balance your weight flying side by side with the soaring winged horse…
The teens gasp.
Apella raises her palm with a confused brow. “The soaring winged horse, they are standing right here in the grass, eating something on the ground. Why can’t we just load onto the back spine here on the ground too?”
Xing turns and smiles to Apella. “Not for long, fairy princess.”
Yachel leans with a giggle to Apella. “It’s easy, fairy princess. Ya drop down but place the saddle on first…”
Xing frowns. “No saddle. No reins. No horse gear. This is a winged beast, not a farm pony in the human world. I know it. Some of the fairy farmers own a herd of horses without a pair wings for doing the plowing and harvesting within the crop fields. These are beasts of war from the yesteryears of honor…”
Kuelle eye rolls, turning with a sour frown to see Xing. “There’s that annoying word, war. No war. No more war. There hasn’t been a battle of war and dead and destruction in centuries and centuries...”
Xing pats the neck of the horse with a stern face. “Correct, Miss Kuelle. Okay. You are going to do a join-up. When your weight falls and touches his spine, you ride the horse up and into the clouds. A winged horse has three commands. Mount up, getting into the horse. Take-off is a climb. He glides along the wind currents, going up and down with the air bubbles which are invisible to me and you but not him. The last command is sit down, a descent, landing smoothly. Ya sit on top of the bony spine like a riding unicorn when the horse is gliding over the clouds or landscape. When the horse is climbing, you lean into the neck, staying below the horse’s head, mostly not getting hit in the face with other flying objects like birds, insects, and shooting waves from Master Gable,” chuckling.
Gable frowns. “Hey! I can shoot my gem stone ray both straight and far farther than…than…”
“This is a draft horse all male, big, strong, tall, wide chest, and wide hips. The wings are twenty-five feet long on each side. He smells like sweat from a day’s work on the farm or fresh cut grass or chopped pine tree limbs or gathered green tree leaves or pulled weeds with the aroma of earth. The draft horses are two years old and ready for the join-up. In a join-up, the beastie picks you, you do pick him…”
Apella sneers. “Excuse me, a joining skill. What am I to join?”
“The naked spine of the winged horses…”
The teens gasp.
Xing grins. “Now, everyone can’t ride a winged horse. Some folks aren’t cut out for that. Once ya mount your beastie, lean into the soft colored mane or strands of hair like your skull, making the beastie more aerodynamic into the clouds…”
Apella raises her hand with a confused brow. “Isn’t the horse supposed to wear a saddle pad and a saddle blanket for my comfort?”
Xing pats the neck. “He don’t care about your comfort, Miss Apella. He cares about flying as far and as swift as possible. No. There’s no saddle pad or saddle blanket for your comfort. However, you can materialize one anytime during your ride. He don’t mind that. Who wants to go first?”
Apella frowns. “Isn’t the horse supposed to show a pair of mouth device for holding the guiding reins like a unicorn too?”
Xing pats the neck. “Naw, you use your knees. When you wanna go right, tap his torso with your right knee. When ya wanna go left, tap his torso with your left knee. When ya wanna go straight, lean into his mane and then whisper your command. The winged horses are very intelligent with fairy magic paired with the new fairy rider. They can’t read your mind, but they can sense your direction and your intent. Now, when you walk around on the dirt, searching for your particular winged horse, he is going to run away from your stinky smell inside their nostrils, if not your winged steed. I mentioned before they’re highly sensitive to odors. If ya smell like now today, then your mated winged horse will not acknowledge your fairy existence. Once ya mounted your beastie always pet its neck, communicating both your mental and your physical thoughts. They like that a lot. And it won’t toss ya from the clouds.” He chuckles. “Mounting your horse for the first time is very dangerous, since ya mount from the air,” laughing.
The teens gasp.
Apella frowns. “No. I will not…”
Xing grins. “Ya gotta mount fast and furious, since the winged horse will be flapping it wings, soaring towards the sunshine. Or ya might miss him completely.” He chuckles. “Who wants to go first?”
Yachel moves with a smile and a wave of her hand to Xing. “I will. I’ll go first.”
Xing nods. “Okay, Ms. Fairy. Walk slowly among the beasties, first. When the beastie turns from you, walk to the next beastie, because he doesn’t like your smell and he isn’t your winged steed. When the beastie turns away, you and he are not compatible. When the beastie likes your smell, he’ll whip out his white wings and then nudge your shoulder for friendship. And then he’ll turn and run to the forestland. He will not leap and jump into the clouds yet. The draft horse will run away, having him some fun. So you have some fun too. You ignite your gem stone wave about two inches from the grass. I know in gem class you are learning to fly on top of the gem stone way. Not easy either. So your winged steed knows you’re a newbie. So you sail along the flat grass about two inches from the soil and then pull up next to the steed. Then ya jump into the air, landing on his back muscles. Then he will fly ya away on his flapping pair of white wings.”
The teens gasp.
Xing chuckles, “Once ya drop down onto the back spine of the winged horse, he flies off the dirt ground, rolling side to side for his fun. So you kick him hard and mean into the barrel or his stomach.”
Yachel grins, “Got it.”
Xing says. “Then you and your beast can fly around the clouds for your fun and his adventure. Ya can stay on your beastie for the rest of the class time. Ya understand?”
Yachel slowly moves through the thick crowd of black standing bodies with their white wings folded in rest. Each horse turns its face from her, indicating that he is not her steed. Yachel continues to stroll away from the other teens.
And then a pair of white wings shoots into the air.
The teens stand with claps and cheers for the horse and Yachel.
The winged horse reaches and nudges her shoulder and turns, galloping between the parting horses. Then the horse leaps into the air, spreading its white wings in full expansion, looking beautiful against the gray sky.
Yachel smiles with a cheer, “Yeehaw.”
Apella crosses her arms with a sour pout. “She got lucky…”
Britton grins. “She’s got talent. It takes talent to ride a winged draft horse. They are both big and mean unless ya got a strong personality…”
I watch Yachel with a confused brow. “What strong personality? Yachel doesn’t have a strong personality. She meek and quiet like…like…”
Her pale blue fairy wave shoots from her gem rock over the grass. Yachel runs and jumps on top of her wave which is two inches from the grass, soaring and catching up with the horse from behind and leaps, dropping her body underneath the flapping wings, without getting whacked. She slowly maneuvers both her ray and her hands even with its back spine. She touches the back muscles and leaps into the air. She lands in split legs neatly on top of the beastie, wrapping her body along the colored black mane and hangs on for dear life. She giggles and yells with happiness.
Then Yachel and her beastie disappear up and into the gray clouds.
The teens bounce up and down on the wet grass with a series of cheers and claps.
Xing doesn’t clap, turning with a grin to see the other teens. “Who’s next?”
Apella frowns. “Mentor Xing, I do not understand. I would like to ride a winged horse of both beauty and elegant like me instead…”
Xing says. “The teen fairies work with the draft horses today. A draft horse is always male, big, mean, and hard. If your personality is like that, then you and he’ll be best buddies. Today, each fairy will advance one a time into the crowd of draft horses for both safety and respect of the beasties. If one likes ya, then he’ll take off, riding into the sun. Miss Yachel’s an outstanding horse woman, probably not coming back until the end of class. Who wants to go, next?”
Apella frowns. “There are hundreds of grazing horses out there. I could get whacked with a wing tip or hurt from a stampede of the horses, moving away from me.”
Xing frowns. “Naw. This is the purpose of music class, fourth class. The beastie selects you. Then you and he will conduct some flying exercises for the rest of the school year per…”
Apella stomps her foot. “If I get harmed, then I will harm back…”
Xing growls. “And if I find out that you’ve harmed this magnificent creature, I promise to hurt ya good…”
The teens clap and cheer, but Apella.
Apella crosses her arms with a sour pout. “You threatened me. I’m telling Mentor Daffodil…”
“Them orders come directly from Mentor Daffodil.” Xing sneers.
The teens bounce up and down with a series of claps and cheers but not Apella.
Xing grins. “Okay, fairies. You will spend the rest of the class time, figuring out if you’re worthy of a draft horse. Walk around the horses, seeing it he selects you. If not, I have another surprise for tomorrow’s class. We’ll start at the end of the line. Master Gable, go.”
Gable shakes a skull without moving.
Xing turns and grins to the next teen. “Miss Kuelle, you’re next…”
Music Class ends at 02:54 p.m.


02:56 p.m.
Hallway setting


The other fairy non-riders slowly spin around and move ahead into the building with a face of disappointment, down the dark hallway as each fairy rider rans and then races from the open archway with a face of excitement while finding their winged steed.
Yachel moves ahead and skips with delight around Persia with a smile and a chuckle. “That was a blast, flying high into the clouds. I had so much fun. My hair’s still wet from the evaporating rain droplets inside the moist clouds.”
I exhale. “I walked around every single draft horse the last two hours. Every single horse turned away from me.”
“Who ended up riding a draft horse?”
I say with a sad pout. “Didn’t you run into your new set of fairy friends in the gray dull cloud formation?”
She skips around Persia in a circle with a grin and a giggle. “Naw, I was too busy, soaring around the clouds, thinking about life and having some fun for once.”
I look down at the butthole of Yachel going around with a sour frown. “Having fun for once? What does that mean?”


03:03 p.m.
5th period Enchantment Class


The door opens.
I move beside Yachel into the familiar rectangular room of Enchantment Class.
The four smooth plastic white walls are similar to the room, where I learn fairy lore with Mentor Ibbie. There are no tall white plastic tables or twin plastic tall chairs either like last year.
I stop and stand one of the four walls with the other teens in puzzlement.
The door closes.
Yachel slides and stops beside Persia, staring at the fairy monitor.
The fairy monitor is a tall and slender female with a head of red colored hair, a tone of pink tinted skin, and a pair of blue colored eyes. She wears a gown, a cape, and tiara of amber gem stone, standing in front the solid white wall with a nod and a smile. “Good morning, fourth class of the new year. You have entered Enchantment Class for the new year. I am Mistress Kaapo from last year. I hope you have practiced your charm over the summer day sessions. However, if you have not, it is alright. A charm is a spell with your vocal annotation of the proper words plus the physical properties of the gem stone.” She lifts her wrist bone with her amber bracelet and beams her amber ray at the wall corner with a nod. “Now, I would like for all the students to go and grab one of the items from the lost and dead closet.”
The closet door opens.
I smile and stare at the open closet of items, “The lost and dead closet?”
Gable smiles and stares at the open closet of items too. “What’s a lost and dead closet?”
Apella moves from the wall and races to the closet first, stopping and standing in the open archway and squats, selecting one of the objects, swinging and moving back to her position on the wall.
Kaapo grins, “The closet is filled with items from dead fairies.”
The teens gasp.
Kaapo grins. “Where do you think all the clothing of dead fairies goes after they’re dead?”
Gable laughs. “The grave…”
Kaapo points to the open closet. “Nope. They come into the dead closet here for our usage and exercise. Everyone select a hat. Any type will do then go and stand along the wall. I would like the room to split in equal parts but not separate sexes. Boys and girls can mix.”
Yachel moves and stands at her turn for an object at the lost and dead closet with a grin and a giggle, advancing and grabbing an item. She turns and sweet breathes with a smile into the face of Persia. “Yeah, the lost and dead closet. Go and stand on the opposite side of the wall, opposite of me, Persia…”
I frown at the items in the lost and dead closet. “Why?”
Yachel scoots around Persia, moving to the opposite wall with a giggle. “Go and stand beside Britton. Okay?”
I cringe and grab a hat with the dead fairy germs, turning and moving to the opposite wall of Yachel. “Okay.” I prance to the wall with a smile and stand beside Britton. I place a cute blue bonnet on top of my hair roots as my embedded tiara falls flat on top of my hair roots. I don’t know how it happens. It just happens, folks.
The closet door closes.
Britton scoots closer to Persia, punching her elbow, wearing a baseball cap of white.
Apella wears a floppy hat of pink over her tiara.
Kuelle wears a sideways fascinator hat in black and white with a tiny veil over her eyeballs.
Yachel wears a buckle hat in red.
Gable wears a top hat in black.
Molfalso wears a cowboy hat in tan.
Kaapo stands in the front of the classroom with a smirk and a nod to see each fairy. “Alright. I can see that every student possesses a hat on their head or in their hands. Please place the hat on top of your head, pressing it down onto your skull, your hair roots, and your forehead. I do not want the hat to tumble off. Then please stand parallel to the student in front of you, who is located across the room. We will be practicing for today the fairy charm, swishee clotho. I can see that every student possesses a hat on top of their head. Now, whip out your naked gem stone, holding in your shooting hand or the other hand. It does not matter for the exercise. Now, hold the hat on top of your hair roots with your other hand which is not attached to your gem stone. Look directly at the hat of the fairy on the opposite wall in front of you. Only look at the fairy in front of you and not their neighbor or the wall. Now, emit a gentle tender ray, striking the fairy in front of you…”
Molfalso touches his crimson gem rock, shooting and striking Gable with full force of his crimson fairy ray with a smirk.
Gable grunts from the ray impact, swaying to the side and falls down on his knees.
Kaapo unleashes her amber wave from her bracelet at Molfalso, slamming him into the wall corner with force and says with a sneer, “No, Master Molfalso. Follow my directions. Or suffer another one of my wraths, fairy.”
Molfalso grunts in pain, sliding down the wall and stands up along the wall with a nod of silence and obedience now.
Gable exhales and inhales with a set of shallow breathes, holding his stomach and slowly stands upright against the wall which is opposite from Molfalso with a grin.
Molfalso growls at Gable.
Kaapo says. “Quiet in my classroom. I would like each fairy to emit a tender gently gem stone ray at fairy on the opposite wall. I wanna see some colors, floating back and forth. Emit the ray in the center of the rib cage also.”
Each fairy wave shoots from a gem rock and gently taps the fairy on the rib cage.
Kaapo nods. “Now, the ray is the magic tool but the words are magical charm. Touch the hat on top of your skull with your other hand, saying swishee clotho. It can be a whisper or a shout with either volume tone. But you must say the words. Do it.”
I whisper with a smile to Yachel, holding my hand over my bonnet. “Swishee clotho.” My bonnet hat disappears from my hand and is replaced with the red hat from Yachel. I see my blue bonnet hat on top of Yachel’s skull with a grin and a giggle of delight.
The teens gasp and laugh.
Kuelle wears the floppy hat of pink of Apella. 
Apella wears the sideways fascinator hat in black and white with a tiny veil over her eyes.
Molfalso wears the top hat in black of Gable. Gable wears a cowboy hat in tan.
Kaapo says with a smile and a soft clap. “Very good, fairies. You have successfully transferred a material object from your body onto the fairy in front of you. The swishee clotho charm literally means switch clothing or a single piece of clothing or a group of clothes.” She emits and shoots her amber ray at the closet again. “Now, please return to the find a new item in the lost and dead closet, grabbing an overcoat.”
The closet door opens.
I move from the wall and stand in the semi-crooked line for my turn inside the lost and dead closet and grab an old smelly wool coat of gray. I don’t place over my body, not wanting to smell like the dead fairy either. I turn, moving and stopping at the wall which is opposite of Yachel and beside Britton.
Yachel slides over her dress, a blue shawl.
Apella wears a raincoat of green.
Kuelle wears a fur coat of white.
Molfalso wears a sports jacket of blue.
Gable wears a dinner jacket of red.
Kaapo says. “Please wear the overcoat…”
Apella frowns. “If I wear the overcoat, then my cape will disappear too, Mentor Kaapo.”
Kaapo grins. “No. It will not. Please wear the overcoat over your dress and your cape. I see everyone is still wearing their hat from the previous transference of fairy magic and the smelly overcoat. Now, hold your gem stone with one hand and then gently tap the fairy in the rib cage again on the opposite side. Gently. No forceful rays either. I see steady rays of colored beams. Now, use your free hand and hold both your non-hat and your new coat with your individual fingers. I would like to clarify here. You must hold both the edge of your non-hat and the collar of your coat with your fingers. Or else, the magic will not work. I would suggest, shifting your overcoat over your collar bone, allowing you to hold both objects. Is everyone ready?”
Apella says. “Can my elbow touch the overcoat too? Or does it need to be my fingers, Mentor Kaapo.”
Kaapo says. “That is an excellent suggestion, Miss Apella. You can touch the overcoat with any of your naked body parts, such like, your naked fingers, your naked knuckles, or your naked elbow. The body part must be naked and not covered in cloth or another fabric. And ya’ll look very funny. I can see for my naked amusement that your naked body part is holding both your non-hat and your new overcoat. All right. Say the words, swishee clotho.”
I hold my non-hat with my index finger and my thumb. I drape my cape over my shoulder, touching the smelly coat with my naked elbow and whisper. “Swishee clotho.”  I gasp, feeling both my non-hat and my coat disappear from my body parts. In place, I am wearing the blue shawl from Yachel and my blue bonnet with a smile and a giggle, staring at Yachel.
Yachel wears her red bucket hat and the new gray overcoat from Persia, dancing with a nod and a grin in place with the fun surprise.
Kuelle wears her non-raincoat of green and her fascinator black hat.
Apella wears her non-fur coat of white and her pink floppy hat.
Gable wears his non-sports jacket of blue and his black top hat.
Molfalso wears his non-dinner jacket of red and his tan cowboy hat.
Kaapo says with a smile and a soft clap. “Excellent, fairies. Each one of you has successful transferred both the hat and the overcoat to the other fairy. The fairy charm swishee clotho is used for any piece of clothing on your body. You cannot transfer a piece of clothing in the grass or up a tree onto your body or someone else’s body. Now, what you think would happen, if you do not touch your clothing item?”
Gable mouth spits his salvia over his lips and his non-jacket. “Nothing. Because, the fairy charm is swishing a piece of cloth and not a body part.”
Kaapo nods. “Excellent, Master Gable. Now, I must express caution here. If you and other fairy accidentally touch the same selected clothing, then say the fairy charm that particular piece of clothing will transfer from you to other party. The key is your gem stone ray. If the ray is not activated, then it does not know where to send the touched piece of clothing. And the length of the transference is based on your personal length strength of your gem stone ray.” She lifts and emits her amber ray to the closet again.
The closet door opens.
She says. “Now, I would everyone on my left, who stands on the wall to attack the lost and dead closet, once more.”
I move and prance to the closet, selecting a pair of heeled shoes and turn, walking back to my position on the wall. I slip on the shoes being extremely too large. The shoes fit neatly around my cowgirl boot toes and heels. I stand, fidgeting and giggling with delight of my wonderful fairy class at the Fairy Academy.
Each fairy moves and retrieves a pair of lost and dead shoes, turning and standing back on the wall for the next cool trick of fairy magic.
Kaapo says. “Now, I would like the teens with the new pair of shoes to squat on your knees or lean against the wall. You are to hold the hat, the coat, and the shoes with any naked body parts.”
Apella frowns. “I wear only sandals. My sandals are touching my naked feet. If I follow your logic, then my sandals will disappear from my feet and then will be replaced with Kuelle’s ugly selection of rain boots. I don’t wear ugly rain boots. Period.”
Kaapo nods, “Excellent observation, Miss Apella! I would like all the fairies to sit down without being harmed from this exercise.”
Apella stands, crossing her arms.
Kaapo sneers. “Please sit down all fairies.”
Apella sits, frowning with annoyance.
Kaapo says. “Now, what would happen if you touched your clothing and emitted your gem stone ray, except the other fairy is not wearing a pair of shoes. Let me emphasize that the switching clothing item must be touched by a naked body part.” She lifts and holds her wrist bone with her amber bracelet. “Do not answer. Let’s find out if your answer is correct. The fairies with the new pair of shoes, please hold the hat, the coat, and one of the shoes with your fingers or other naked body part and then whisper, swishee clotho.”
Kuelle wears a pair of oversized rain boots of blue.
Molfalso wears a pair of oversized dress shoes of black.
I squat and lean against the wall, holding my bonnet with my thumb, the shawl with my elbow and one of the oversized shoes with my pinky finger, whispering with a grin and a giggle. “Swishee clotho,” I feel both the hat and the coat disappear from my finger and my elbow. However, the oversized dress shoes remain over my cowgirl boots.
Yachel wears her non-blue bonnet, her blue shawl, and her red cowgirl boots.
Apella screams, flinging her curls and her hands with fury. “I got the ugly rain boots. My sandals are gone, missing off my pretty feet. I want my sandals back now.”
Kuelle sits on the floor with a giggle and a grin, wearing her own sandals with a pair of decorative red colored hosiery plus both the sandals of Apella over her sandals too.
Molfalso wears his sports coat of blue, his non-black top hat, and his pair of oversized black dress shoes over his own red cowboy boots.
Gable wears his dinner jacket of red, his non-tan cowboy hat, and his red cowboy boots.
Kaapo says. “This is the flaw if you will of the fairy charm. It will only work if the selected piece of clothing matches your opponent and the piece of clothing is worn on the naked body part and your hand is touching the cloth. Miss Kuelle, swish the sandals back to Miss Apella.”
Kuelle touches the red sandals of Apella with a finger and a whisper, “Swishee clotho.” The red sandals of Apella do not disappear off Kuelle.
Kaapo nods. “Apella is not wearing the same piece of clothing. Therefore, Kuelle cannot swish the red sandals back to her.”
Apella lifts her gem rock and sends her golden fairy wave to retrieve her sandals. The wave stops beside Kuelle. Kuelle removes the sandals of Apella, placing them on top of the golden beam. The beam retracts back to Apella, when she replaces her own sandals over her naked feet.
Kaapo giggles. “However, we have learned a good lesson. You can see that Yachel did not receive the ugly pair of dress shoes from Persia. Yachel has a pair of socks over her naked feet, protecting her from the fairy charm. So in the future, you might wanna think about wearing more clothing. Now, you have learned a new funny swish-o-roo here. I do not want to hear that you have swished each other’s underwear tomorrow morning, boys.”
Molfalso snaps his fingers with a wicked grin and an evil laugh. “She can read my mind…”
“And ready my ray, Master Molfalso.” Kaapo laughs. “Our time’s done today. Please stand and tote your dead items back into the closet. No floating rays are allowed inside an enclosed classroom ever, including mine without permission. Then class is dismissed.”
The door opens.
I stand and move, returning my items back into the lost and dead closet at my turn, swinging around with a smile, prancing to Yachel for the end of classes.
The door closes.
Enchantment Class ends at 04:48 p.m.


05:02 p.m.
Hallway setting


“We’re done with classes for the day.” I move with Yachel down the hallway with a smile.
Yachel looks down to see the bloody cuts on her hand. “The first day of Fairy Academy has been a little more challenging than last year.”
I turn and lead up the staircase to our rooms on the third level. “Are you polishing your gem stone tonight?”
Yachel exhales, stomping up the staircase with the other teen girls. “Yeah. I gotta do that first, so I can join-up with you tomorrow in blacksmith shop…”
I skip and stop at my room, looking with a confused brow at Yachel. “What about meeting Stad at the watcher station, tonight?”
Yachel stops and stands beside Persia with a smile. Each suite is assigned in alphabetic order. She says. “O. I’m going to meet Stad at our watcher station in a few minutes too. I finish my rock polishing, after meeting Stad at our watcher station.”
I smile. “Me, too, after I freshen up first…”
“Ah, babe, why did your mama give you that sulfur pill, this morning?”
“What?”
Yachel grins, “That sulfur pill from this morning. You’re going to have bad breath until tomorrow morning for exactly twenty-four hours. Britton will not appreciate it either.”
I gasp. “Ya knew?”
“Ya didn’t?”
I gasp. “No! I complained about the ghosts and then my mom gave me the pill to swallow.”
“See another valuable lesson learned on your first day of Fairy Academy. Never complain to your mama, come to me first.”
I drop my mouth. “What am I going to do about my raccoon breathe with Britton?”
Yachel grins. “Keep both your eyes and mouth closed,” she swings around with a giggle, skipping with a giggle down an empty hallway her room.
The door opens.
I turn with a worried brow and enter my suite.
The door closes.
At 06:03 p.m., I had washed my body and brushed my teeth about sixteen times, before leaving my suite.
Yeah, I had counted.
I move ahead down an empty dark hallway, without the ghosts bothering me. I exhale with frustration, except I have paid the price of a single wet kiss or more kisses from Britton. And I had smelled my own breath stinky in the reflection mirror.
I stand next to the closed door, slowly opening it. I gasp with surprise.
At 06:06 p.m. at the closet door entrance, the hallway closet door opens.
I stand in shock.
The staircase is completely intact with new pieces of lumber and a set of new overhead lightning and crowded with numerous wet and dirty red colored foot prints that climb up the top of the watcher station.
I smell the fresh sawed pine lumber inside my nostrils, moving to the newly constructed closet, climbing up the staircase and rubs elbows with some familiar teens like Zann and some unfamiliar teens which are unknown and older and taller and meaner.


06:11 p.m.
Watcher Station setting
Moon light and cool temperatures with bright stars


I stomp and stop on top of the watcher station floor which is above the cathedral banquet hall and the kitchen. This is the highest point of the campus. The rooftop is fixed for rain leaks, every year.
I stand inside a wall of bodies, shouting then whispering and then squeezing my rib cage, shuffling around the floor, seeing hair roots of gals and rib cages of guys with frustration.
I can’t see the ground, knowing that it has been raining all day. So the ground is wet, mixing with the ugly weeds and wiggling worms. I look up to see a freshly painted ceiling of the watcher station too. Then I struggle between the tall sweaty bodies, looking for Britton. I turn the corner to see more tall and short sweaty bodies with a confused brow.
A hand grabs my collar bone as I gasp.
Britton man-pulls Persia into his chest with a smile, leaning down, sweet breathing into her eardrum, “Let’s shift upstairs. I got us a spot ready.”
I whisper, “A spot? Why’s this place so crowded inside the watcher station?”
He chuckles, “The newest hot spot for the teens.”
Britton man-pushes them through the crowd of teens and stops, standing with Persia below an opening.
I look up to see an opening with a dark sky of many bright stars and a yellow full moon.
Britton wraps his arms around Persia, lifting and shoots his gem stone wave into the air waves, hitting one of the tower beams, gliding them up smoothly through the wide opening.
I stop and stand inside his biceps on top of the rooftop, gasping. “What happened to the roof top? There are hundreds of enclosed and partitioned cubby holes. Are those decorated flags, flying over the pole of each cubby hole?”
Britton grins. “I got us a flag, a pole, and cubby hole too.”
I move ahead of him, dodging the numerous poles, the low flying flags, and the fluttering curtains of giggle sounds and peek-a-boo with my narrowed eyelashes into one of the drooping curtain, seeing the clear opening.
Two teens rest and kiss on top of each other.
I move around the edge of the rooftop with a sour frown. “Who blabbed around our hot spot?”
He smiles. “Everyone blabbed for fun. Now, everyone knows. Now, everyone’s here. But I get us a spot.”
I continue to move along the edge of the rooftop, leaning over and seeing the rush of water from the nightly flooding over the dry ground with a sour frown. “How did ya acquire our hot spot?”
“The first class guys were bragging and boasting about their slick flags. So I stole me a flag too and then followed them up here. I claimed our spot, hoisting our flag, as my property for the rest of the year. Here we are.”
I stop, turning with a sour frown to study the short pole, looking up to see a blue flag with yellow designs of stars. “Where did that ugly and torn stained flag come from?”
“The dungeon.”
“What dungeon?”
“The basement on the ground floor...”
“That floods during the night time...”
“Only a little bit...”
“Why’s that?”
Britton gently shoves her to the long sofa with a grin and a chuckle. “Lie down on the sofa. I’ll whisper the explanation into your eardrums.” He moves and rests on his back spine. She moves and stretched on top of him with a grin and a puff of her breath. He frowns with a distorting face. “Did ya kiss that raccoon, again, Persia?”
I slap a hand over my mouth with a mumble. “No. I promise.”
He exhales. “Your breath really stinks. Switch places. I’ll lie on top of ya then turn my mouth to breathe...”
I move and switch places with Britton, resting my back spine over the ratty sofa of multi-colors of fabric swatches.
Britton leans down and rests on top of Persia, holding his breath and kisses her nose, turning his face with a huff of sour breath.
And then he inhales another breath.
I hold my breath and do not blow my stinky air molecules into his face.
He kisses her right cheekbone and turns his face, exhaling with a huff of sour breath.
And then he inhales a new breath.
He turns and kisses her left cheekbone, swinging his face to exhale a huff of sour.
And then he inhales a new breath,
I inhale before dying of suffocation.
Britton coughs from her nasty smell, sitting back on his knees, shaking his skull without smiling. “We should call it a night. Okay?” He leans down and assists Persia to stand, cuddling with her on top of the sofa. “I’ll escort you to the stairwell, going up to your room. Tomorrow, please don’t swallow another sulfur pill. Okay?”
I drop my mouth, looking down at my boot toes. “Okay.” I say softly, knowing that my mama is ruining my love life. I also know that the sulfur pill contents will be gone the next morning.
2nd day Fairy Academy


07:35 a.m.
Banquet room setting
Breakfast meal
Warm temperatures with dull sunlight


The door opens.
I dash into the banquet room, staring at the fifth class of thirteen years old girls that sit behind my fourteen-year-old table of red.
They all had received their personality rocks and head pieces, yesterday. Each female is giggling and touching her tiara.
I remember that I had touched my tiara every day for a week until I got bored.
I smile and slide into an empty chair, remembering my fifth year and my new discovers, lifting the bread for breakfast and turn with a smile to stare at Britton. He turns and winks back at Persia too. I chew with a grin of delight, since my taste buddies are cleared of the nasty raccoon smell too.
I had brushed my teeth seven times for luck and smelled my sweet breath for assurance.
Yachel moves through the archway and sits beside Persia, grinning and grabbing the break. “How was last night?”
“Tonight will be perfect.” I ate and chew with a silly grin.
Apella moves and slowly strolls through the doorway with a yawn, rubbing both her eyelashes, taking an empty seat beside Kuelle. “I’m so tired. The ghosts kept me awake all night.”
I smile. “Ya should...” Yachel elbows Persia on the bicep. I swing to Yachel.
Yachel shakes her curls and chews on her bread to Persia.
I turn and frown to Apella. “You should yell at them like I do.” I ate the bread with a nod of my secret.
Apella yawns, rubbing her tired and blood shot eyeballs, holding her bread and yawns, repeating her sleepy cycle.
I finish my fairy bread at the same time that Mentor Daffodil finishes her boring announcements of something without paying attention. I turn and wink to Britton with one more flirt before Blacksmith Shop.
Breakfast ends at 7:58 a.m.


08:08 a.m.
1st period Blacksmith Shop


The other fairies stand and leave the banquet room.
I stand and move to the elevated platform and through the archway of the Blacksmith Shop.
The door opens.
Daffodil has to open the fairy magic door to the sweat shop.
I move and stand at my assigned work station in the rear of the room, wiping off the sweat from both my arms and my forehead from the clouds of thick white steam inside the enclosed dark room.
The door closes.
Gable moves and stands in front of the wall that contains the numerous black metal frames for constructing a fairy golden shell, raising both his arms with a smile. “Now, we are going to….” a crimson gem stone ray punches Gable in the rib cage. He folds over with a grunt in pain.
“Sit down, runt.” Molfalso retracts his crimson fairy wave with a growl.
Walcott shouts. “Get out of the way, before you really get hurt by me, Gabbie.”
Gable moves in a folded arch of pain, slowly limping from the wall and back to his work station.
Then numerous colored fairy rays attack the wall of metal frames, colliding and then criss crossing, without reaching one of the black metal frames.
I exhale with a puff of intelligence, staring at numerous pretty colored fairy rays without adding my own magenta wave into the teen mini-war battle.
The other teens yell and scream at each other for the rest of the class time.
The door opens.
Blacksmith shop ends at 09:57 a.m.


09:58 a.m.
Hallway setting


All the teen fairies leave the shop in wetness and angry, stomping through the banquet room to our next academic class.
I walk through the archway of the blacksmith shop last with a whisper. “Finally…” I wipe off the wet sweat from my face with my gem rock.
The door closes.
Daffodil stands beside the blacksmith shop, watching the teen fairies.
Yachel jumps from the table with a smile and a nod, waving her bloody hand in the air as her fresh blood splatters stain both the naked floor and the naked table with her DNA molecules. “What’da ya get? Where’s your shell? Did ya get the palm shell? Where’s it? Wow. Ya smell and sweat, ugly.” She turns and moves with Persia, blowing on the numerous open cuts on both her hands from shaving her gem rock into a gem stone of pale blue.
I move with her through the archway and down the hallway with a smile, rubbing my gem rock over my wet clothes to the next class. “Thanks and not exactly.”
She frowns. “What’s that mean?”
I smile. “It means, tomorrow, I will get my shell.”
“Okay…”


10:02 a.m.
2nd period Fairy Lore Class


The door opens.
I enter the room and slide into one of the empty reader-chairs beside Yachel.
Yachel moves and sits, pulling out and rubbing her gem rock into a polished stone as ordered by Mentor Daffodil before she can join the rest of the fairies in Blacksmith Shop.
Britton moves ahead between a short Gable and a tall Molfalso to the last row of reader-chairs with a grin and an elbow into Gable. “What did you get as your fairy tale topic, Gable?”
Gable slides into Molfalso as Molfalso growls and elbows Gabbie back into Britton. Gable moves ahead to a reader-chair, turning and mouth spitting to Britton with a smile. “Well, I was aiming for goblins and got graves. So, I’ll be presenting my oral speech on the graves of dead fairies.”
Molfalso stands by a reader-chair with a laugh and a grin to Gable. “Do not eat around a fairy mound. You’ll raise the fairy ghost and then be haunted your living days and nights foreverly.”
Ibbie stands in front of the white solid wall in her aqua gown, cape, and matching tiara with a smile and a nod. “Please grab a reader-chair! Welcome back to your real Fairy Lore class. Yesterday, everyone had successfully captured a fairy tale word. Some fairies had great fun and some fairies had great turmoil. Where is Master Tedus?” She scans each face of teens.
Gable scoots into his reader-chair with a sour frown, “Dead.”
I gasp as my reader-chair swirls to see Gable.
Gable says with a sad face. “His fairy house caught fire during our annual Fireworks Festival in the summertime days. I only know that since one of the wandering rocket flames landed on the rooftop of his home. Tedus was on top of the rooftop with the water hose, putting it out and then fall off. He died with a broken neck.”
Kuelle faces the front in her reader-chair. “And his entire family perished along with Tedus when the fierce strong fire overcame the house too.”
I gasp as my reader-chair swirls to see the rear plastic of the reader-chair of Kuelle.
Ibbie looks down with a sad face to see her cupped hands. “So, sad of a tragedy!”
My reader-chair swirls to see the hair roots of Ibbie.
Ibbie looks up with a smile and a nod to each teen. “We shall continue our happy joyful lives without Master Tedus…”
I look down and fingernail write to Yachel on my reader-tray. Did you know Tedus and his family?


Yachel fingernail writes on her reader chair to Persia…I know all the families.


I fingernail write...I feel so sad.


She fingernail writes...Me, too.


In front of the classroom, as usual, Ibbie says. “You are required to work on your oral presentation, starting today and until you present in front of your classmates for your fourth class assignment. The reader-chairs have been slightly modified for your personal assignment also. There are too many students to invade our tiny library. Therefore, the library will come to you or your reader-chair. On each reader-chair, there is an outline of a vertical black box. Inside the black box, you will see the entire alphabet shown in tiny boxes, starting with letter A to letter Z. This is a mini-library at your fingertips. You are actually accessing the gem stones of the large library down the hallway and around the corner. Now, you are ready to begin your assignment. I want to remind that your presentation can be both photographs and oral words also.”


Yachel fingernail writes on her reader-chair to Persia…How many more days until the summertime fun?

I grin and fingernail write to Yachel…This is day two of the Academy.

How many more days until holiday fun?

This is day two of the Academy. What is your fairy tale topic?”

Humans.

I gasp and fingernail write… Why did you pick that one?

I didn’t. I zapped that one by mistake. I wanted the haunts, instead of the humans. Both the words were running together around the white walls. When I zapped my gem stone ray, I hit humans, instead of haunts. If I have gotten the word haunts, then I could’ve invited one of the ghosts inside the classroom for my oral presentation. It would’ve been both cool and clever, guaranteeing an A plus, plus.

O! That’s why you were friendly with the she-ghost, yesterday.

Yeah!!!

That would’ve been really cool. I got the word pixie by mistake too. I wanted the word parents. I planned to show pictures of my parents, and my house, and my bedroom, without even talking too.

Too cool!!!

Now, I’ll search and find some pics of a pixie. What does a pixie look like?”

Don’t know!!!


In front of the classroom, still yet, Ibbie says. “Everyone start on your assignment. If you have any questions, please see me.”
I exhale with a puff of annoyance, tapping on the black box of the tiny library, selecting the letter P.


I fingernail write on my reader-chair...Photographs of pixies.

The library writes on my reader-chair...No data available.

I grin and fingernail write...One portrait of a pixie, please.

No data available.

I frown and fingernail write...One drawing of a pixie, please.

No data available.

One fairy tale of a pixie!

No data available.

The definition of a pixie?

Not data available.


“What!” I loudly moan at the stupid library and slam a mouth with both my hands.


Yachel chuckles inside her reader-chair while hearing Persia and fingernail writes on her reader-chair to Persia... No much info on a pixie! Huh!
I frown and fingernail write to Yachel... No photographs. No fairy tale. No nothing.


Inside the front row of reader-chair, fairy Apella raises her hand with a grin and a nod to Ibbie. “How many minutes is my oral presentation required to be, Mentor Ibbie?”
My reader-chair twists to Apella as I stop the flow of the reader-chair with my mental mind and stare at Ibbie.
Ibbie turns and smiles to Apella. “Three minutes is the minimum. Since, a fairy teen likes to perform a single task with the minimum amount of work. If you have a group of photographs, the minimum is reduced to one minute. Since a single photograph is composed of a thousand and one words as they say.”
I frown with a whisper for my eardrums only. “I don’t have one single photo, picture, drawing, or portrait. What does a pixie look like?”
Ibbie grins. “Class is dismissed today. However, I strongly encourage you to research your topic using your free time also. Some of the topics are not exactly easy to define. Therefore, you must be creative with your fairy tale.”
I stand and roll my eyeballs, turning and moving through the archway with Yachel.
Fairy Lore Class ends at 10:56 a.m.
The door closes.


11:04 a.m.
3rd period Gem Class
Outside dry grass and red dirt setting
Warm temperatures with bright sunshine


I slowly walk with Yachel down the dark hallway, swishing my naked gem rock over my cute red dress and change into my pair of comfortable ripped and worn blue jeans but continue to wear my pair of polished cowgirl boots.
The other teens change into a pair of blue jeans and a set of rough walking boots also.
I move through the archway into a peeling ugly auditorium, following the other teens through the rear archway and stop, standing in the itchy dead grass for second time on second day the Fairy Academy. I stand and elbow Britton with a wink and a giggle.
Oviv stands on the side of the semi-crooked line of teen fairies in her gown, cape, and tiara in the dead yellow grass and touches and says via her hunter green throat choker for all eardrums. “Students, you did a good job yesterday, flying on two inches of your fairy wave. Today, we will increase the height to two feet...”
Molfalso says with a sour frown via his crimson gem rock for all eardrums. “I can go much higher than two feet. The more advanced fairies should be allowed to soar into the clouds on their wave, if need be.”
Oviv says into her aqua gem stone. “What happens to the fairy who surfs on top of a two feet wave which is below your twenty feet elevated wave, Fairy Molfalso?”
Molfalso elbows Stad with a grin and a laugh. “Don’t care.”
Stad says into his pale yellow gem rock. “Wipeout.” He fist-bumps with a chuckle to Molfalso.
Hadwin raises his gem rock into the air, mind thinking a rock and roll music with as set of drums and guitars from his stone and dances, waving his arms and body side to side with some of the other fairies. “Wipeout. Da-da-dum-dum-dum…”
I swing my hips with a grin and a giggle with Yachel with the fast moving music.
Britton elbows Persia on the bicep with a sour frown, shaking his skull.
I scoot closer to Yachel, wiggling and laughing with the fun activity.
Oviv says into her hunter green throat choker with a sour frown. “Thanks for the brief and sweet fairy show, Master Hadwin. This is the purpose of Fairy Academy to teach wrong from right. The lower gem stone wave will violently flutter side to side from an upper atmosphere, impacting with the air molecules. Everyone uses the air waves and air currents when flying their gem stone wave. This is why the wave is monitored and activated during certain take offs and touchdowns, Fairy Molfalso. Therefore, all the students will rise two feet on your individual colored gem stone wave today. You will slowly or swiftly advance to the lush green forestland again. You will practice, retracting your gem stone wave backwards and then forward to the building like yesterday. If every fairy can achieve a stable two feet gem stone ray, then the entire class will advance to the height of five feet today, if possible. Please begin.”
I turn and grin to Britton, touching and extending my magenta ray to the forestland, raising it two feet. I gently step on top of my wave, feeling it wobble side to side. I extend my free arm to keep my balance, slowly walking over my magenta wave in a steady pace, exhaling with a puff of nervousness.
I reach the edge of the way and retract it back into the gem stone, walking swiftly backward to the building.
I exhale with a puff of boredom from the repetitive exercise at two feet of air molecules, realizing that I should practice after class to become the ‘bestest’ fairy in Fairyland. But I decide to follow Oviv’s instructions during fairy class instead. So I can spend all my extra free time with Britton on the rooftop of the watcher station, turning with a smile to see my fairy boyfriend.
Britton is ahead of Persia in top of his dark blue ray, moving backward and forward to the building and the forestland also.
Gem Class ends at 11:58 a.m.


12:03 p.m.
3rd floor level
Bedroom setting of Persia
Lunchtime


The door opens.
I tote two food trays, moving ahead, placing them on top of the naked and beaten up wooden low table in front of the ratty and ugly loveseat of multi-colored patches. The door closes.
Yachel moves behind Persia, lifting the lid aside, grabbing the sandwich, turns and moves to the glass window between the bed frame and the closet. She stands and eats.
I lift the lid aside and grab a sandwich with one hand and a pile of rocks with the other on top of the ratty loveseat from my suitcase of dirt and no clothes.
I had wrapped the rocks from getting my clothes dirty.
I turn and squat and eat at the wall, placing a row of earth rocks along the base. The rocks do not have to be big like boulders. The sulfur fumes are present and invisible in small rock too which drifts from the decaying rock dust into the air and pee-turds the pesky ghosts.
Yachel stares through the creaks of glass at the dead grass. “Does that really work?”
I place another ugly rock on the wall, chewing and swallowing. “Yeah. It really worked last year. Yeah. The sulfur pill really worked last night, too. However, Britton wasn’t happy. He won’t kiss me. Last night on the watcher station was a great disappointment but not today.” I stand, fetching more rocks from my luggage. “I kinda wished that I had thought of the ‘haunts fairy tale’ topic too and then invited all the ghosts. Maybe, they’d be nicer to me. That was an original idea, Yachel. Have you finished polishing your gem stone?”
Yachel chews and stares out between the creaks of the glass window at the flying birds and the swaying trees on the pretty day of August. “Thanks, Persia. Yeah. I got the rock converted into a gem stone and approved by Daffodilly this morning. So I get to join-up with ya’ll in blacksmith shop tomorrow. Fourth class is really hard and more difficult, this year. I’m already behind in some of my academic subjects too, this year.”
I squat, placing another rock on the wall. “No. In our blacksmith shop, no fairy has successfully reached one single metal frame for constructing and finishing their fairy shell. This morning, poor Gable tried to lead the masses which ended with him in a mess. He was attacked by a couple of powerful gem stone rays from both Stad and Molfalso. Both those boys are mean spirited.”
Yachel chews with a grin and stares out the creaks of the glass window. “Naw. They’re tough minded, making a great pair of watcher fairies.”
“What shell are you getting?”
Yachel chews and swallows with a grin and stares out the creaks of the glass window. “I’m leaning towards a palm shell inside the hand. My mama has the choker, thinking it cute and trendy during her fairy school days. However, she pointed out that it is worthless as a backward ray. She has to turn around to access any object behind her butthole. She strongly suggested a ring or a necklace or a bracelet.”
“I don’t like the bracelet around my wrist or a necklace around my neck either. But how do you wash your hands, wearing a gem stone palm shell?”
Yachel turns and smiles at the rear skull of Persia, who squats on the floor in front of the wall. “Who washes their two hands at the sink with water and soap anymore? Use fairy magic to clean your two hands and your entire body.”
I stand and spin, dropping my mouth to Yachel. “How do we do that?”
Yachel winks. “I ain’t showing ya, babe. Why didn’t ya ask Britton that particular personal hygiene body wash question? He’ll be more than happy to illustrate the fairy concept to ya.”
I gasp. “I can’t do that. I figure it out on my own time. Or I’ll ask my mama.” I squat with a frown and finish with resting all the earth rocks on my walls, my doors, and underneath my windows and stand, wiping the dirt off my hands with a smile. “All done. No more he-ghosts or she-ghosts foreverly, this academic fairy year.” I turn and smile to Yachel. “You know we should tell Apella.”
Yachel turns and wipes her mouth with the napkin with a grin. “You know, we shouldn’t.” She moves and drops the napkin in the food tray.
I wipe my face and drop my napkin into the food tray too, lifting both the food trays from the table surface, turning to the archway with Yachel. “Time for class! I don’t know why I bother to attend music class today. I walked by every pine woody smelling winged horse yesterday. They all turned away from me. And I wasn’t wearing any flora or fruity perfume like Apella or Kuelle.”
Yachel moves behind Persia. “Don’t worry. You’ll find your winged horse.”
The door opens.
I stomp ahead, turning and placing the two food trays on the door and stand. “What are you going to do today? Why bother to attend music class either? You found your winged steed yesterday.”
Yachel moves through the archway with a grin and a giggle. “I like this class and I get to ride my winged steed again. Maybe, during the entire class time as you get to find your horse, of course.”
The door closes.


01:05 p.m.
4th period Music Class
Warm temperatures with bright sunshine


All the teens from the fourth class rush down the dark hallway with a full stomach of food, shoving on each other’s body parts, and laughing with excitement for the upcoming selection of a winged horse.
I dash with Yachel down the dark hallway and through the rear archway that leads to the side other fairy school with the green meadows and rolling hills. I exit into the sunshine without seeing a pack of solid white winged steeds with a black body, moving and stand...naw...bounce in place with my thrilled excitement beside my fairy boyfriend.
Britton sways side to side with his excitement along with the other teens.
Xing stands in the middle of the green pasture, scanning each teen with a grin. “Good afternoon, fairies. All of you, who got a draft horse, please, sit on top of the grass or park your fanny on the top of one of the broken footsteps at the building. Today, the rest of the fairies become winged horse riders also.” The teens stand and elbow each other with chuckles and smiles. Xing shouts with a sour frown. “Now.”
The teens with an assigned winged horse shifts backward to the broken and half-missing bricked steps of the building which includes Yachel, Stad, Molfalso, and Apella.
I look over my collar bone with a gasp of shock and a whisper into Britton’s eardrum. “Apella? A draft horse liked her stinky odor. I just don’t understand…”
“Me, either?” Britton looks over his collar bone with a sour frown. “I don’t understand it either. I couldn’t get any of the draft horses to like my smell either. So what are we riding instead of draft horses? The draft horse is a war horse of proud and honor...”
I turn and frown at his nose profile. “War is either proud or honorable. It’s just a horse, of course,” giggling.
Britton turns and sneers in her face. “The war horse is a symbol of honor and victory with the...”
Xing says with a nod and a grin. “Now. Those of you, who are still hunting for your winged steed today, it is a new day and a new adventure.” He whistles through his tongue and his closed lips. “If you haven’t figured it out, a winged steed comes to you by a whistle. These beasties are two years old now. So they are in the learning process. When you encounter your winged steed tomorrow or the next day, you sing it a whistling song. And it does not matter if you cannot whistle or sing, so just mumble something with a set of musical notes. Even off-key, your winged steed will hear it, learn it, and understand it. You are the master or mistress of the beastie.”
I stand and sway with excitement, narrowing my eyelashes to see a set of traveling white clouds as a pack of the winged horses separate from the slow moving sky clouds.
Numerous horses in rows drop down from the sky and land on top of the grass with a set of fluttering wings and the stomping its hoofs in the dirt with excitement too. The first row shows a semi-crooked row of small horses rather than the big black draft horses of yesterday. Each horse has a white torso, a head of long rich black mane hair down to its kneecaps, and a pair of slender elegant pair of black wings. The hoofs are black shiny without the ugly hair like on the draft horse.
The first horse, in the first row, slowly strolls ahead and then stops, standing even with at his nose bridge on Xing.
He turns and pats its neck with a smile. “This is a duchess horse or a lady winged horse. You can see the physical differences immediately. A male draft horse has a black body and a pair of white wings, a head of white colored mane, and a pair of white hairy hoofs. A female duchess horse has a white body with a head of long black silky mane, two black colored hoofs, and a pair of two black silky wings. They mate and produce either a male or a female which looks exactly like its mama or its daddy. Don’t let the lady winged horse fool ya thou. She’s both bold and beautiful. Actually she’s the boss of the couple.” He chuckles. “The duchess horse is a smaller body frame with a sweet and sassy with female personality. She is the equal to the draft horse also. She smells like flowers of roses or honeysuckles. Now, you will perform the same technique. Walk around each duchess horse, first. If she likes your smell, she will flap her black wings open and then nudge your shoulder. She will start running away from you for fun. You will activate your gem stone ray and follow behind. When you catch up with her, you leap onto her back muscles. She will kick, mostly for fun. So you kick her stomach hard, making you the boss, not her. Then you and she will run over the grass as she gains lift and soar into the clouds with the other draft horses. Now, the draft horses don’t run fly with the duchess horses. Simply because, the duchess is mated with one of the draft horses like a loving married couple. And the duchess horse gets jealous, if another duchess gets near her steed. O. If you get unlucky with this batch of horses, don’t worry. There’s another group of horses. Okay. We start in order of the fairy line. You, Master Gable get walking.”
Gable moves to the first duchess horse as it turns away from him.
I watch each teen slowly move over the grass to each horse. Then the horse flaps her black wings as the lucky fairy rider launches and leaps over the gem rock wave and on her back spin.
And they both shoot up from the ground and off to the white clouds.
I see my boyfriend soars up to the sky on top of his duchess horse with a smile.
Xing turns and smiles to the next fairy. “Miss Persia, get walking.”
I exhale with a puff of hope, slowly moving and strolling around the huddle of beautiful horses.
Each duchess horse turns away from Persia.
I continue to slowly stroll among the sweet smelling horses of roses with a smile.
And each duchess horse continues to turn away from Persia.
I stroll to the rump of a good smelling horse.
The duchess horse twirls around, sniffing with a set of its inflamed nostrils at Persia and flaps its two delicate black wing tips into the air. The wings tower up to the sky, blocking out the white clouds and part of the yellow sunshine over Persia.
I back step in fear and smile.
The duchess horse stomps forward, nudging its wet nose on the arm of Persia.
I smell its sweet fragrance of roses with a smile.
The horse back steps and turns, running away from Persia for fun.
I gasp, stumbling and running with excitement, launching my gem rock as my magenta wave soars forward to the forestland like in Gem Class. I leap and crouch on top of my fairy wave which is only two inches from the grass, flying in a straight line, feeling both nervous and hot.
I flap and balance my free arm without a tumble off my wave. My magenta wave wobbles side to side, moving to the horse.
The duchess horse runs, flapping its wings and is airborne by two feet.
I gasp, charging my wave faster, ducking my tiara underneath a flapping wing and crouch on my kneecaps into a semi-stand, reaching for her backbone.
The duchess horse runs faster with flapping wings, going airborne by three feet for her fun.
I gasp and leap sideways as my gem wave sucks back into my gem rock, grabbing and leaning over her backbone in a sideway pose and slip back down to the ground. I activate my gem stone, presenting a new wave. I bounce both boot toes onto the wave like a trampoline and leap into the air, holding her mane and land in a split leg pose between her back bone.
Ouch.
The duchess horse feels the solid weight of her new rider, kicking and bucking her legs back and forth.
I grab the neck of the horse, holding on, leaning forward and kick her stomach with both my boot heels.
The duchess horse feels the kick and rears upright with its front hoofs in the air, trying to toss off the unknown new fairy rider.
I gasp with shock.
I lean down into her mane, tasting the sweat of her hair and kick both my boot heels into her firm stomach, getting her attention and sing in a musical tone. “I’m the mistress here.”
The duchess horse stops bucking and glides through the air as her wings slide into a horizontal position, soaring above the grass pasture by a few feet.
I lean down into her eardrum, whispering with my fairy thought to my fairy duchess horse. “Fly to the clouds.”
The horse flaps its wings, ascending her body to an angle like a bird to the white clouds.
I feel the cool breeze on my sweaty face with a smile. I feel her strong wing muscles underneath my fanny, collecting the cool wind around my sweaty body with a giggle. I feel her legs gather the air molecules, forcing us higher up into the clouds with a chuckle. I hit the misty clouds, tasting both water and salt and cough with the weird sensation.
The duchess horse flies and emerges from the clouds, soaring above the earth like a bird.
I lean over her mane with a grin of fear and excitement, riding a winged horse for the first time. My hair is wet from the moisture in the clouds. My jeans are dry from the swift wind currents around my body. I hug the horse with a smile for protection and love.
The horse flaps her wings, soaring higher up into the clouds and over the landscape where the trees look like tiny twigs on a tree branch.
And I hear nothing but the air. I see miles of green grass then red dirt and then blue water.
Fairyland is an island surrounded by water.
I feel the hot sun on my face and feel the cold wind around my naked arms and my neck from my wet shirt.
The horse expands her wings outward, soaring side to side, catching the light breeze of the wind too to reserves her energy also.
I can hear a tiny voice coming from each other fairy rider while scanning the blue colored sky for a batch of white colored bodies on my side of the air waves. Then I hear each squeal from other new fairy rider that drift up from my parked boot heels. I narrow my eyelashes seeing Zann on top of her duchess horses.
Then I lean over to the side and ride with my set of fairy friends as my duchess horse soars to the side at one of her old fairy friends too. I turn and grin at Zann as she wobbles side to side and upright upon her lady too.
My duchess horse soars above the row of flying lady horses with the lead as each other horse and an inexperienced fairy rider sails far behind my horse’s tail in an upside V-pattern formation.
I lead toward the sun with a grin and a giggle of happiness as a new fairy rider.
More duchess horses join-up and fly with my formation through the clouds and over the landscape here in Fairyland.
I lean down with a smile and a whisper of a sweet song. “Your name is Betilly. And I am Persia, your mistress,” I whistle a happy tone in soprano for my future signal of sky riding.
Music Class ends at 02:57 a.m.


02:58 p.m.
Hallway setting


Each teen rider descends down and lands each duchess horse sliding off and moving back to the building.
Each duchess horse turns to face the woods and flies back to their home.
Inside the hallway, I move ahead and skip with a giggle and a grin of excitement over each broken step, going through the archway, and down the dark hallway, wiping out the wet droplets of cloud mist from my face again.
Yachel moves beside Persia, scanning the hallway and the teens with a sour frown.
I sniff my naked arm. “I smell like my duchess horses. O. She’s so beautiful and elegantly and not so sweet. She took the lead away from the other duchess horses. When one of the other horses tried to fly ahead of her, she literally bit their rump. She’s aggressive.”
Yachel stares the hallway and the teens with a sour frown. “I can see the excitement from the other teen fairies today. Almost the rest of our class is riding on top of duchess horses. So why are we learning to ride a winged horse?”
“All fairies ride a winged horse.” I clean my wet shirt with my gem rock.
She exhales. “No. All fairies do not ride a winged horse.”
“Yeah, the watcher fairies ride a winged horse, protecting fairies...”
“No. All the fairies use their gem stone wave, crossing the vast ocean. A winged horse is still an animal, needing food, water, and rest.”
I frown. “I thought ...”


03:03 p.m.
5th period Enchantment Class


The door opens.
Yachel moves through the archway of the classroom first. “I thought so too.” She stops and stands along the wall since the tables and chairs are gone again today.
The door closes.
I scoot and stand beside her with a puzzle brow. “What do you think that I thought so too?”
Molfalso stops and stands in the wall corner surrounded by Stad and Britton as they chuckle with mischievousness.
Molfalso swirls a second black cape with a set of big torn holes black around his shoulder, bumping it with his naked elbows with a chuckle. He lifts the first neatly pressed shirt from his body and touches a second old ratty shirt that covers his naked chest with his pinky finger.
The door opens.
Gable enters the room for class.
The door closes.
Molfalso launches his crimson wave at Gable with a wicked grin, “Swishee clotho, Gable.”
Gable feels the crimson ray from Molfalso hit his chest and executes his lime green fairy ray back at Molfalso in self-defense. His elbow touches his red cape and his fingers brush his red dress shirt. “Swishee clotho, Molfalso.” Gable feels his shirt and his cape disappear from his fingers. Then he feels the cool air temperatures hit his semi-naked body. His chest wears a torn shirt, exposing his flat pale chest. His collar bone wears a long torn and ripped cape, exposing both his chest and his back spine.
The teens laugh.
Kaapo claps with a nod and a chuckle. “Bravo, Fairy Molfalso. That was a truly a deceptive feat. Come up here, boys. I want the class to see your fine execution skills of evil.”
I lean to Yachel with a sour frown and a whisper. “She is really evil, today.”
Yachel chuckles, “She is really evil all the time. She just gets to show it off, today.”
I turn with a puzzled brow to see the nose profile of Yachel.
Gable mouth spits salvia between the crooked teeth and moves to the stand in front of Ibbie.
Molfalso struts to the front of the classroom, waving his arm with a smile, wearing his long red fairy cape underneath a nice short red cape of Gable. He also wears a short red shirt which is both torn and ripped that covers part of his massive chest.
They stop and stand in front of Kaapo.
Kaapo swishes her finger as they turn and face the other teens. She touches the collar bone of Gable with a smirk and a chuckle. “Fairy Gable is wearing an ugly torn and ripped old and smelly cape which has replaced his nice red fairy cape. Molfalso is wearing Gable’s cape over one of his collar bones. Gable is also wearing a ratty shirt with many, many holes. Molfalso is a bigger teen than Gable through the torso, so the tiny nice red dress shirt of Gable has split in numerous directions, except it does cover some of Molfalso’s body. This is a very good demonstration of the mighty defeating the weakly. Switch it back, Fairy Molfalso.”
Gable touches the ratty cape and the torn shirt.
Molfalso touches his non-cape and his non-shirt with his fingers, gently slamming his crimson ray into Gable with a wicked grin, “Swishee clotho.”
Gable touches his nice red cape underneath a ripped red dress shirt with a sour frown. “I wanna...”
Kaapo shoves Gable on the collar bone away from her and to the wall with a smile and a nod. “You look fine, Gable. Go and stand on the wall beside Apella for protection. Today, we are going to learn how to stop a fairy charm of swishee clotho. Then, Gable will never be seen in a semi-naked body frame, again, inside my classroom,” she laughs with a nod. “Before we learn to stop a fairy charm, I would like to explain what Molfalso also did. He spoke the fairy charm and called out his foe. When you pair a fairy charm with a foe or a friend, you get added assurance that the charm will work successful...”
Apella raises her hand with a confused brow. “Wait a sec. We learned yesterday that the fairy charm of swishee clotho is only used in exchange of the same piece of clothing plus zapping the fairy ray at your foe. What difference does it make if you use a name or not?”
Kaapo says. “Yesterday, you practiced with your friend who stood in front of your naked eyeballs. However, you might encounter a situation where you do not see your friend but need to exchange a garment with that friend. Using the name of your friend will direct both the fairy charm and ray to the proper fairy. This is why the Fairy Academy exists to learn the true secrets of fairy magic, and fairy lore, and the fairy wave. Now, I want to exhibition a quick example. Gable, go outside the classroom, leave the door open for all the rays to flow around your body. Molfalso, you stand against the wall, wearing the old torn black cape around your shoulders. Go on Gable and get out of the classroom...”
Gable turns with a sour frown and a slump of his shoulders, moving through the archway.
The door stays open.
Kaapo smiles. “For the demonstration only Fairy Molfalso will speak. Fairy Molfalso, say the words and ignite your ray...”
Molfalso turns to the open archway with a chuckle and an evil grin. “Swishee clotho, Gable.” His crimson ray exits through the open door. The old ratty black fairy cape disappears from his collar bone and then is replaced with the red fairy cape of Gable again.
Kaapo grins. “We do not need to see Gable, but we will. Come back inside, Fairy Gable.”
Gable slowly moves through the archway, dragging a long smelly black cape around his shoulders.
Kaapo claps with a nod and a chuckle. “It worked beautifully. Thank you, fairies for class participation.”
Gable aims and fires his lime green fairy wave at Molfalso. “Swishee clotho, Molfalso.” The black cape disappears and then is replaced with his red cape over his shoulders.
Kaapo stands in front of the solid white wall without words. “The reason you pair a name with the fairy charm is to target the foe with a surprise maneuver. For example, you opponent could be wearing a pair of new sandals that you desired. You could use the swishee clotho on the fairy girl, grabbing the new sandals.”
Apella frowns, “That…that is both deceitful and dishonest. Who would do that to me and my new pair of sandals?” She points down to her naked toes inside her new red sandals.
Kaapo grins. “Kinda like what Molfalso did to poor Gable. There is a self-defense trick. The fairy charm is backactto or back at ya, buddy. In this exercise, you might wanna be opposite of your foe and not your friend.”
I lean to Yachel with a sour frown and a whisper. “What’s wrong with her, today? She is both vile and evil with us...”
Yachel grins. “Kaapo’s academic job is to teach us the good and bad fairy charms, in case, we run into some good and bad fairy circumstances. That’s all, honey.”
I shove Yachel with a sour frown. “Go and stand on the opposite wall, I’ll be your pretend foe, today.
Yachel does not move, looking across the room to the opposite wall. “Naw, doll. You pick Britton as your pretend foe. You’ve never used the fairy charm and I don’t wanna get hurt.” She winks at Stad on the opposite wall. “Stad won’t harm me.” She waves her fingers near her teeth to Stad. He smiles at Yachel.
Kaapo says. “The exercise is to steal away a fairy cape off the other fairy’s shoulders. No other personal items, boys. No shoes. No jeans. No underwear. Okay. Touch your cape with one elbow or both your elbows, first. Okay. This is going to go really fast for both parties. Second, all the fairies on my left will be trying to steal the cape from the fairies on my right. So, each fairy will be shouting out the fairy charm swishee clotho plus the name of your fairy opponent on the opposite wall. Each fairy on my right will try to keep their cape. So, you will ignite your fairy ray, when you see the opposite enemy fairy ray advancing toward your face. Since this is a self-defense maneuver, you will say the fairy charm backactto as soon as you feel the quiver of your cape which will be trying to escape from your shoulders. Do you understand?”
Each teen grunts and snarls with fairy battle readiness.
Kaapo shouts out loud with a smile, “Go, fairies.”
Britton activates and aims his dark blue ray with a smirk at Persia, “Swishee clotho, Persia.”
I send my magenta fairy ray directly at his chest and feel my cape slide from my collar bone and yell. “Backactto,” I giggle with fun. My cape flutters across my shoulders and falls back down over my collar bone and my ray disappears.
Britton’s ray disappears too.
Gable launches his lime green wave at Molfalso. “Backactto,” his red cape disappears.
Molfalso wears two red capes, touching it with a smirk and a chuckle. “Ya gotta be faster, runt.”
Kaapo claps with a nod and a chuckle. “Good job, fairies. For the rest of the class time, please practice the backactto fairy charm. After our class time, I would suggest that all the fairies practice the swishee clotho outdoors between the trees or behind the buildings for both fun and safety. You will never know when that particular fairy charm could be useful.”
I smile and say into my magenta gem stone to my boyfriend, “Britton, your turn? I’m going to steal your cape, boy.”
Britton says into his dark blue gem rock with a smirk. “You can try, darling.”
I ignite and aim my ray at my boyfriend, “Swishee clotho, Britton.” I steal his cape, wearing it, bouncing up and down with delight.


05:17 p.m.
3rd level floor
Bedroom setting of Persia
Dinnertime meal


After eating my dinner with Yachel, she leaves and dresses for our nightly activity. Then it is my turn to dress for my night with Britton.
I step out of the water shower, feeling refreshed, smelling like flowers of rose and vanilla for my date tonight, staring at my wet skin. “How does a fairy wash without soap and water? I gotta ask my parents that one.”
I twirl around, making the wet droplets fly into the heated air. Some of the wetness is gone but not all. I stop with a puff of annoyance, reaching and dragging the towel down from the towel rack, drying the rest of the wet droplets, the human way.
I turn and move out the bathroom into my closet, changing into a pair of one of my faded and ripped blue jeans, a clean shirt, and my semi-polished cowgirl boots. I sniff my skin, smelling sweet fragrances of rose and vanilla, moving to the archway.
The door opens.
I dash through the archway and down the empty hallway in the darkness.
The door closes.
At 05:58 p.m., inside the common hallway, I halt in front of the closed closet that leads to the watcher station, looking side to side for any curious fairy monitors. Clear!
The door opens. I move through the archway into the familiar but newly updated small enclosed room with a new staircase too. I don’t feel like walking up the new wooden planks, lifting my semi-polished gem stone inside my necklace over my tiara and straight up to the ceiling. My magenta wave releases and latches onto the one of the thin wooden poles, activating a vertical semi-wave ladder to the watcher station floor.


06:04 p.m.
Watcher station setting
Moon light of cool temperatures with bright stars


I circle my wave around my arm, allowing it to retract back into my gem stone, learning that new technique in my academic fairy gem class, soaring up to the floor at great non-fairy speed.
My hand touches the ceiling of the newly repaired watcher station as I leap onto a crowded floor of other fairy teens.
Some of the teens whine and shove me back from at my illegal performance. Some of the teens scoot away from me with a smile.
I dash with a stern face between the crowd of teens, wiggling between the narrow spaces, working around the corner and stand below the marked opening that leads to the rooftop. I lift my gem stone again and activate my wave.
My wave enters the opening, finding the first vertical pole, stretching into a pretty bright magenta glow.
I soar up with a giggle through the opening and stand on top of the rooftop near the edge without touching any of the other curtains of the other cubby holes, moving and marching around the edge of the rooftop for Britton’s flag and his cubby hole.
The cubby hole is located on the other side of the opening.
I skip over the edge with a giggle of excitement, locating the ugly torn blue flag with a set of scattered dull yellow stars, stopping and separating the dull slightly dirty white curtains.
The ratty and mismatched and patched multi-colored sofa is empty. The cubby room is empty. Britton is not here.
I know that with a grin. I scoot and slide onto the sofa, removing my cowgirl boots, wiggling my new socks and rest my body over the entire ratty sofa, placing my arm on top of the arm rest with a grin. I flip my hair over one of my eyeballs, looking sexy for a fourteen-year-old with a giggle and wiggle my shirt covered shoulder, “Hi there, Britton.”
The room is still empty.
I’m practicing my sexy talk for our encounter today.
I sit upright on the sofa, reaching and touching a folded ratty and patched multi-colored soft blanket at the end of the sofa and rest over the sofa again, placing the blanket over my socks, jeans, and hips. I place my arm over the top of the arm rest with a giggle, flipping my hair over my one eyeball with a grin, looking sexy again and wiggle my shoulder, “Hey, Britton.”
The curtain flutters and separates. Britton holds the curtain with a smile. “You’re here now.”
I wiggle my shoulder with a wink and a giggle. “I’m ready now.”
He moves ahead and sits on the edge of the ratty sofa, leaning over her face with a smile and sniffs with two inflamed nostrils with a chuckle. “You smell good.”
“I am good.”
He guides over her breasts on top of the ratty blanket, touching her face with his soft, gently kissing her lips and pulls back with a grin. “You’re really good.”
I kiss his lips. My tongue attacks his tongue in both play and fight.
He grunts as I giggle.
He lifts his chest, leaning over her and slips both his arms underneath her back spine and flips both of them into the air. Britton lands on his back spine over the sofa.
I rest on top of him with a giggle and a grin, wiggling my body side to side, creating heated sweat and hot emotions for him and me.
He grunts and grins, rubbing her back spine with both his hands.
I lean over his chest, kissing his neck, his left earlobe, and his right earlobe, lifting my face with a giggle as he grunts.
I lean down and kiss his chin, skipping down to his lips for fun as he grins.
I kiss his nose, his left eyebrow, his right eyebrow and his forehead.
He chuckles. “You missed a spot.”
I lean over his face, sweet breathing with my sexy fourteen-year-old voice in alto. “O! Which spot did I miss?”
He wraps his arms around her body, lowering her down to his face and kisses her lips, pulling back with smile. He kisses her right cheekbone, her left cheekbone, her nose and then her forehead.
I wrap my arms around his body, giggling and enjoying his kisses.
He pulls back with a smile. “You’re really great.”
I wink with a giggle. “I am tonight.”
3rd day Fairy Academy


08:03 a.m.
Banquet room setting
Breakfast meal
Warm temperatures with bright sunshine


The door opens.
I move through the archway with a yawn and a set of closed eyelashes at a slow pace without running into the banquet room from my heavy nightly encounter with the lips and the hands of Britton, sliding into the empty chair beside Yachel. I yawn, grabbing and breaking the bread with a distorted face.
Yachel yawns with a set of closed eyelashes, grabbing and breaking her bread over the plate.
Apella moves through the archway with a yawn and a set of closed eyelashes at a slow pace and smashes into the poor fairy at the thirteen-year-old table.
The Fifth Class fairy yelps with in fury.
Apella back pedals with another yawn, rubbing her red and bloodshot eyeballs, sliding into the empty chair beside Zann and yawns. “How do I get rid of the ghosts inside my sleeping compartment? They were there almost all night. I can’t sleep.” She looks down and stares at her bread. “I can’t eat. I can’t study. I can’t do anything.”
I butter the bread with the dull knife that cannot cut through a bowl of pudding with a yawn.
Apella yawns and stares at Persia with a sour frown. “Does the family of ghosts affect your evening, too, Persia?”
I turn and smirk to Yachel. “That warm body kept me awake almost until midnight too, Apella.” I chew the warm bread with a giggle and a grin at Apella.
Yachel chews and swallows her bread. “Yup that warm body kept me awake almost until midnight also, Apella.”
At midnight, all the teens had to retire into their sleeping chambers before the watcher fairies inspected the rooftop for mischievous kissing rebels.
Apella rubs her bloodshot eyeballs with a yawn and a confused brow. “That warm body? Ghosts are icy cold. Right, Kuelle?” She turns and frowns to Kuelle.
Kuelle butters her bread with a yawn and a grin. “I guess so.”
Apella turns and yawns at her bread. “I can’t sleep with the ghosts, singing and banging on the walls.”
I turn and grin to Yachel, “Me, either.”
Breakfast ends at 7:58 a.m.


08:08 a.m.
1st period Blacksmith Shop


The fourteen-year-old fairies stand from the breakfast table as the brownies enter the room and clean up the mess. 
I move through the archway behind Yachel to my work station, seeing Molfalso at the wall.
The wall holds the numerous metal frame moldings for constructing the shell cases for one gem stone.
I turn with a confused brow, moving down the aisle of steam beside a row of steaming vats of liquid gold, wiping the sweat from my forehead.
Walcott stands in front of his work station, waving his arms with a nasty sneer. “Move out of the way, Molfalso. I’ll blast ya like I did Gabbie, yesterday.” He removes and lifts his neck clip with his polished gem stone.
Yachel stands at one of the empty work stations, since this is her first day of Blacksmith shop. Persia had updated her friend and neighbor Yachel regarding the past two days of class events and the non-action construction of a single fairy gem stone.
All the teens stand at their individual table surface, working Molfalso with intrigue.
Molfalso raises his naked gem stone even with his chest.
Hadwin raises his dark brown gem stone and fires. “Boy...”
Molfalso catches the brown ray with easy with a sneer. “Son...”
Apella stands at her work station with a sour frown. “I thought you couldn’t release a wave at the wall without standing inside your table surface.”
Stad grins. “Hadwin’s fairy wave was released to burn Molfalso and not the wall, which failed perfectly.”
Molfalso sneers. “Listen up, all fairies. We are going to be both diplomatic and orderly, today. I wanna get a shell casing and complete the process before I graduate first class. Now, you will select your metal frame on the wall, today. I can’t be bothered with helping ya complete your gem stone shell casing either, because I will be working on mine and I’m tired of batting my wave back and forth and then hitting nothing but air...”
Gable waves his hand with a grin and a tongue of mouth spit. “I tried as leader to do the same thing, yesterday.”
Britton fling his hand with a laugh. “Which failed perfectly, too. Go on, Molfalso.”
Molfalso slaps his chest with a grin and a chuckle. “Okay. I’m boss today. So the lady fairies go first like my mama taught me. The first lady fairy on my right will send her wave and then select a metal frame. Then the second lady fairy...”
Stad turns and frowns at Apella. “We got it and the order. Go, Apella. Move away from the wall, Molfalso!”
Molfalso slides into the wall corner to observe each fairy ray and ensure a proper order today, so he can work on his gem stone case also.
Apella turns and faces the wall with a smile, lifting and activating her golden wave and hit the metal frame for an earring.
I lean into the hair roots of Yachel with a whisper. “Apella got an earring. That’s an odd choice.”
Her golden wave retracts back into her gem stone as Apella maneuvers her wave and drops the earring on top of the work station.
The earring sizzles on the surface as white steam covers the object and the face of Apella.
The teens sound with a gasp and a giggle for the performance.
Yachel watches Apella with an intrigued expression. “Apella is odd. But an earring doesn’t require holding or handling like a bracelet or a necklace.”
Kuelle stands behind Apella, turning and releasing her lilac wave, selecting a wrist bracelet.
Nabell stands behind Kuelle and activates her dark orange ray, selecting a throat choker.
Yachel whispers to Persia. “What are you getting?”
I stare at the wall of metal molds. “I wanna palm shell. I like the cool look.”
Yachel whispers, “Me, too!”
Zann stands behind Nabell and shoots her pink fairy wave at a ring mold.
I lean down into the hair roots of Yachel with a whisper. “A ring shell casing is a great big waste of the natural gem stone.”
Yachel smiles, “Shell size does not matter, honey. It’s the strength of your external ray from your internal fairy magic. A powerful fairy ray can come from a tiny shell case. Ya possess a ring too.”
I look down and touch my naked hand without the ring with a whisper. “It is a decoration for my hand. That’s all. It is not tinted with any fairy magic. That’s true. It is a pretty object. That’s it.”
Yachel says. “I guess.”
Molfalso flings his arm with a sneer. “Go, Yachel! You’re wasting my fairy time.”
Yachel lifts and activates her pale blue wave, easily sailing it through the white steam and direct hit into a column of palm shells, grabbing the first one, rolling her wave back into her gem stone and gently turns and lands the black metal onto her work table.
Molfalso yells. “Go, Persia!”
I aim my gem stone at the palm shells rack too and activate my magenta wave, slamming into a column of black metal. The metal frames wiggle side to side but does not fall off the rack. I grab one palm shell frame and retract my wave back into my gem stone, holding one palm shell and turn and rest the palm shell over the smooth table surface.
The surface steams in white smoke and boils in sizzling sounds. The table surface morphs into an outline of my palm shell. The palm shell is an oval hollow mold which is surrounded by six different linked chain patterns. The chains wrap around your fingers, holding the palm shell inside the interior of your hand.
The table surface cools and emits more white smoke around my body.
I cough, wiping away the steam from my sweaty face and my wet hair.
Molfalso says. “I go last. Go, Walcott.”
Walcott stands by his work station, activating his amethyst fairy wave, slapping and retrieving a belt buckle.
Britton aims and activates his dark blue wave, grabbing and getting a wrist band that rolls back to him and his table surface.
I softly clap with a smile for my fairy guy. “The wrist band is the current rave. My daddy owns one too.”
Stad activates his pale yellow wave, retrieving a belt buckle back to his work station.
Hadwin activates his dark brown wave, retrieving a ring.
Molfalso shuffles back to his work station, turning and aiming his gem stone, touching and retrieving a belt buckle with his crimson wave to his table surface with a grin.
I stare at each fairy with a confused brow. “There were a lot of belt buckles chosen over the wrist bands. I simply don’t understand the males.”
Yachel turns and stares down at the work station table surface as her palm shell smokes and sizzles over her table surface. “What do we do next?” She wipes the steam from her eyeballs.
The first ray highlighted in gold hits the wall of dipper cups.
A line of dippers hit each other and land on the floor with the sounds of tings. The floor cracks open and wiggles side to side, sucking up the silver metal with a loud slurp.
The teens gasp.
Britton turns and frowns to Apella with a yell. “You’re supposed to wait your turn, Apella.”
Apella faces the wall of dipper cups with a sour frown, stomping her sandals in fury. “I got my shell case first. Now, I go first, getting my dipper cup too to capture the gold liquid inside the vat...”
Stad turns and frowns to Apella with a yell. “Ah naw. The wall of dipper cups is up for grabs.” He spins and activates his wave, hitting the wall of dipper cups also.
A second line of dipper cups swing at each other and fall down on the floor with a sound of tings too. The floor cracks open and wiggles side to side, sucking up the silver metal with a loud slurp.
The teens gasp.
Gable releases his lime green fairy wave, slamming into the remaining dipper cups on the wall.
The rest of the dipper cups wildly swing and slap into each other, falling and dropping over the floor with an individual ting. The floor cracks open and wiggles side to side, sucking up each silver metal dipper cup with a loud slurp.
The teens gasp. The floor burps. Then the teens laugh. The door opens.
Daffodil stands in the archway with a grin and a giggle. “The time has expired. Please, attend your second academic class, fairies.”


Blacksmith Shop ends at 09:50 a.m.
09:58 a.m.
Hallway setting


Yachel wipes the sweat from her arms with her gem stone. “Well, we got our metal frame loaded into the table surface...”
I watch the males ahead, wiping the sweat from my body and my clothing too. Britton, Molfalso, and Stad elbow and chuckle together. I say. “Molfalso is a wise fairy. I didn’t think that of him from his performance, last year.”
Yachel cleans her hair from the moisture with her gem stone too. “Molfalso is a highly intelligence fairy, too. I did think it that of him from his non-performance, last year. This is the purpose of Fairy Academy.”
I wipe the sweat from my face. “What is the purpose of the Fairy Academy? What does that mean?”
Yachel rubs her gem stone over her wet clothes with a smirk, “Discovering who is the ‘bestest’ fairy in Fairyland?”
I frown. “Not Apella. She made a mess, striking and hitting almost all the dipper cups on the wall, first. Did ya hear the slurping sound from the floor? It sounded gross and disgusting worse than toilet water flushing down the drain.”
Yachel exhales. “The waves made the mess, not Apella or Stad or Gable. I predict, getting a dipper cup is not going to be an easy task.”
I smile, “For Apella, naw. For me, yeah.”


10:02 a.m.
2nd period Fairy Lore Class


The door opens.
I move through the archway, stopping and scooting into my reader-chair beside Yachel.
All the teens selected the same reader-chair position from last year, as well.
I sit and rub my hands over the smooth reader-tray surface, feeling both silky and clean. I guess a reader-chair surface doesn’t get dirty from dust or scratched like wood.
Ibbie stands in front of the class and the white wall in her aqua attire with a smile and a nod. “Good morning, fourth class. Today, you will continue to work on your assignment both quietly and quickly. When you feel ready to offer yourself in class for your presentation and my review, please raise your hand like Molfalso is doing now for some strange reason. What is your question, Molfalso?”
Molfalso says with a grin and a chuckle. “I am ready.”
My reader-chair swirls to Molfalso.
Molfalso sits in the last row of reader-chairs with Stad, Britton, and Walcott in the rear of the room and stands, moving to the front of the classroom.
Ibbie slides into the wall corner with a smile and a nod, “Excellent, our first presentation of the day.”
My reader-chair twirls to Ibbie in the wall corner as I gasp in surprise, “The day?” My reader-tray burns my palms as I look down and see the fingernail written sentence.


Yachel fingernail writes to Persia...Told ya!


I exhale with a puff of annoyance at my best friend, wiping the surface with my ten finger pads that clears off her message and watch Molfalso.
Ibbie says in the wall corner. “I am so pleased that one studious fairy has finished his presentation. Please place your gem stone inside the pocket holder on the wall which is behind your rear skull. This wall will illuminate any type of photographs and your presentation materials around the room. Each wall will show the presentation on the ceiling and the floor for all eyeballs. You may begin when you are ready. I will remind that the oral presentation must be three minutes long. I will start timing when the wall shows your first page of your presentation.”
Molfalso turns and slides his crimson gem stone into the pocket wall. The wall shivers from white into a colored photograph of two older persons. Molfalso turns and stands beside the photograph on the wall with a smile and a finger to the object. “My fairy tale word selected and captured is parents.”
I gasp and fingernail write to Yachel... I was trying to capture that fairy tale of parents. So, he got it.


Yachel fingernail writes... So, he did.


In front of the white tinted board, Molfalso grins. “To illustrate the fairy tale word, parents, I have selected a visual presentation with a verbal explanation from me. This is a photograph of my two biological parents. I have a fairy mama, who is very, very pretty...”
“Not really!” Gable laughs.
My reader-chair starts to swirl to Gable as my fairy mind stops it.
Molfalso sneers then smiles. “And I have a fairy daddy, who is very, very tough...”
Stad laughs, “Heard that one!”
Molfalso turns and taps his gem stone. The wall changes into a new photo of a young adult girl. He spins around with a grin and a finger to the object. “This is my very pretty fairy sister. She is the daughter of my two biological fairy parents...”
“Very ugly!” laughs Gable.
Molfalso sneers, turning and tapping on his gem stone again. The wall changes into a new photo of a pre-teen male. He swings around with a nod and a smile. “This is my cute fairy baby brother. He is the son of my two biological fairy parents...”
“Uglier,” laughs Gable.
Molfalso sneers, turning and tapping on his crimson gem stone. The wall changes into a new photo. The photo shows his parents, his sister, his brother, and Molfalso. He spins around with a smile and a nod, pointing to the photo. “This is my biological fairy family with two parents, my older sister, my baby brother, and fairy me. Thank you for enjoying my oral presentation in fairy lore class of my selected and captured word, parents.”
“The whole lot is ugliest,” laughs Gable.
The teens sound with a series of claps and cheers.
I don’t clap and cheer but gasp with confusion and fingernail write to Yachel’s reader-tray... That wasn’t three minutes long...
“That wasn’t three minutes long as required by the single rule of the Fairy Lore Class and you, Mentor Ibbie.” Gable frowns and fingers his gem stone with the marked time of seconds, minutes, and hours.
My reader-chair starts to swirl in the direction of Gable as I mentally stop it and stare at Ibbie with a sour frown too.
“Mentor Ibbie, the requirement is three minutes for an oval presentation.” Apella says.
Molfalso grins to each fairy face. “A visual presentation plus a set of oral words are timed at one minute or sixty seconds, fairy fart-holes,” laughing.
Ibbie moves from the wall with a smile and a nod, stopping and patting the collar bone of Molfalso. “An oral presentation accompanied with a visual presentation is only one-minute in length or long. Fairy Molfalso is correct. And he receives an A plus, plus for the day. Congratulations, fairy! You did an outstanding job with your oral fairy lore presentation.”
I whisper for my eardrums only. “I could have done that too. I have two freaking fairy parents and no freaking fairy siblings. I could’ve shown pictures of my freaking fairy parents for a one-minute long oral presentation. How freaking fairy easy is that for him and for me?”
Ibbie shoves Molfalso from the wall with a grin and a chuckle, “Back to your reader-chair, fairy. Are there anymore presentations for the day?”
Silence.
Ibbie exhales, “Get to your research then. I will remind again. An oral presentation of words is three minutes or 210 seconds. An oral with a set of visual effects is one minute or sixty seconds.”
I shake my curls and my tiara, slamming my palms down on the reader-tray, hurting my arms sorta and whisper for my eardrums only. “Dang, I need some...a lot pictures, photos, drawing, or graphics, too. Yeah, a graphic thing of a pixie with kill sixty seconds quickly too.”
I fingernail write inside the ‘P’ box of the library on the reader-chair...Show a pixie graphic.

The library writes on my reader chair...No data available.

Show a pixie story.

No data available.

Show a pixie movie.

No data available.

Show a pixie play.

No data available.


Inside my reader-chair, I exhale with a puff of frustration, shaking my curls and my tiara with a whisper. “No photos, pictures, drawings, graphics, plays, stories, movies. What is left in a visual presentation? I don’t know.”


I fingernail write...What is a pixie?

The library writes...No data available.


In front of the classroom, Ibbie stands in front of the solid white wall with a smile and a nod. “Class is dismissed.”
Fairy Lore Class ends at 10:57 a.m.

10:58 a.m.
Hallway setting

I slowly move down the dark hallway with Yachel and the other teens, shaking my curls and my tiara and lift and slap my palms down to my blue jean with a sour frown and a whine. “I cannot find any information on a pixie.”
Yachel looks down and stares at her gem stone with a confused brow. “There is too much information on the fairy topic of humans.”
“I wanted the fairy tale of parents. I was aiming my wave at the fairy tale of parents. Then I got the word pixie. Huh? Duh? What? Why? I’m so stressed and distressed. I cannot find any information on the word, pixie.”
“Use the library...”
“The library files say no data found.”
Yachel frowns at her gem stone, looking at all the data on humans. “That’s really wrong or weird.”
“That’s failure.” I exhale with a puff of fear.
Yachel shakes her curls and her tiara. The tiara glitters in pale blue colors. “Fairies do not fail Fairy Academy, Persia. We’re here to learn about fairies and be the ‘bestest’ fairy in Fairyland.”


11:04 a.m.
3rd period Gem Class
Warm temperatures with bright sunshine


I rub my gem stone over my short dress, changing into my jeans, moving through the dark tunnel of the auditorium, stomping outside behind Yachel. 
The teens and I form a semi-crooked line over the dry grass like always.
Oviv stands to the side of the semi-crooked line of teens, touching and saying into her gem stone throat choker. “Good morning. Today, you will increase the height of your fairy ray from five feet to eight feet. You will practice, going forward and then backward, constructing your wave and retracting your wave until it is perfect. You will find a great big variance of wiggling and wobbling steps from five feet up to eight feet. Please begin your fairy wave practice.”
I lift and aim my gem stone wave into the forestland and gasp with shock. The trees are burning in a series of bright red and yellow flames. I turn to see an array of numerous colored fairy waves that shoot out from all the other gems stones which are slamming into the trees.
And the patch of healthy trees burns also into plumes of red and yellow ashes too.
I turn and lean to Britton with a whisper and a worried brow. “Why are we doing this to the poor innocent trees?”
He dark blue fairy wave reaches to the tree line, burning the trees, leaves, and the grass. “For fun,” He leaps on top of his wave with a smile, flying through the air, lifting the wave to the eight-foot requirement and away from Persia.
I exhale with worry and wonderment, looking down at my polished gem stone of magenta, seeing the blue and the red colors.


12:03 p.m.
3rd level floor
Bedroom setting of Persia
Lunchtime meal


The door opens.
I tote my food tray with a worried brow into my private suit behind Yachel. 
The door closes.
I move and stop, resting my food tray on top of the low table, sliding my fanny over the ratty fabric of loveseat with a worried brow. “Did your fairy wave kill the trees too in gem class today?”
Yachel grabs a plate and a fork with a giggle, lifting the fork into her smile. “Why are the utensils so over abused here? This fork has only two prongs for my food.” She turns and moves with a grin the window next to the bed mattress and stops, staring out between the creaks of the glass, eating her food. “Yeah, sorta, my wave’s not all powerful as some of the other talented fairies.”
I reach and slide the plate of food into my lap, looking at my fork which has two prongs also. “I don’t think we should harm the forest or trees or bushes. The forestland has small animals like birds, and rabbits and squirrels...”
“Not in that forest, the leaves grow back over the summertime days.”
“O good to learn. Then why do we kill the trees and leaves again?”
Yachel chews and swallows. “All the fairies do it for fun.” She stares between the creaks of the glass. “And all the fairies finish all their food before the academic class too...”


01:06 p.m.
4th period Music Class
Warm temperatures with partly clouds of sunshine


The fourth class of teens dash down the dark hallway, racing and standing outside in a semi-crooked line for the new batch of fairy horses.
Xing stands in front of the teens with a grin and a nod. “Howdy, fairies! On the first day of class, you met the big bold draft horses. On the second day of class, you met the delicate and dainty duchess horses. Today, you will meet the ding-ding horses.”
The teens sound with a series of chuckles.
I lean to Yachel with a grin and a whisper. “Ding-ding horse, what’s that?”
Yachel smiles, “You’ll see.”
Xing whistles, turning and viewing the skyline clouds.
The white clouds slowly bump and float side to side, creating geometric shapes in the blue sky.
I look up and study the clouds with a grin and a giggle, scanning my eyelashes for the ding-ding horses too.
The teens watch and wait for the arrival of the ding-ding horses too.
You hear the sweet musical sound like a ba-ba from the side of the forest. Then you hear the stomping of hoofs. Out of the forest trees, the tiny horses run and leap into the air about five inches from the ground.
I turn with a smile and point to the new steed of tiny horses. “Awe, wee farts! They’re so cute and tiny.”
Yachel turns and smiles at the rows of horses. “They’re really ponies, not horses. And they’re really not ponies either more like a new species of mammal of Fairyland.”
The horse is colored in rusty chestnut from its pointy ears down to its short mane and over its tiny pair of wings, and finally down to its four hoofs. A pair of solid shiny black short horns protrudes from its skull.
The herd stops and cuddles around the waist line of Xing. He feeds each one an apple slice, patting each skull with a smile. “These are ding-ding horses. These creatures come from the royal stables at the fairy fort. They are the favored riding horses for the children. Therefore, their personality is mellow with a touch of fun. They are roly poly fat too. So they do not fly off the ground maybe, a few inches...”
I lean to Yachel with a confused brow. “Does the fairy queen have young children?”
She smiles and stares at the horses. “No. But one hopes that she will be adopted into the royal count one day.”
I turn with a confused frown to see nose profile of Yachel. “Who hopes that she will be adopted?”
“Apella, she loves and adores and wants to be fairy queen, one day.”
I gasp. “Can she?”
“Yeah, girly, after the old fairy queen dies, anyone can take her place. My understanding, the fairy queen is selected, not elected.”
“Based on what?”
“Don’t know. But Apella might know. Ask her?”
Xing pats each skull with a smile. “The ding-ding horse is all one color, rusty chestnut. It has a head of spiked hair for the mane which is not long and glamour like the duchess horse. It has a tiny set of wings that don’t fly or cannot lift its fat body from the ground, but they do flutter when excited. He touches the wings, patting the horse. The horse ba-bas for its sweet attention and your hand pat. And it sounds like a sheep with the ba-ba sound which was breed for the royal baby fairies. It looks more like a goat with the two black horns. The horns have a distinct purpose besides ramming into the trees and buildings. Okay. Everyone that has a horse move and sit on the steps if you can find a piece of stone that isn’t busted or lean against the wall or sit on the dirt. Whoever did not get sniffed by a horse on Monday or Tuesday? Come up here. This is your chance to get a horse.”
“Wonder if the ding-ding horses don’t smell me, either, today?” Kuelle cross her arms with a sour frown of defeat and embarrassment of not having a horse but a goat-horse instead.
Xing laughs. “Don’t worry. The winged horses have three distinct personalities like the fairies. One of them fits your personality too, young fairy. Come on up here, Fairy Kuelle.”
Gable slowly move and looks over his collar bone at the other teens with a worried brow.
The teens sound with a series of giggles and laughter.
Xing frowns. “Hush. Every single fairy becomes quiet now. I will not tolerate disrespect here. All animals want and need love that goes for all fairies, too. Scoot around the horses. If a ding-ding likes your smell, then it will ba-ba and then chase after you. It will drop its skull, paralleling the horns even with the grass, trying to ram you with its skull. So you run in front of the ding-ding horse and spin around, grabbing both the horns with your hands and then sail over its skull, landing on its back. Simple.”
Gable moves to one of the ding-ding horse with a tongue of mouth spit. “Simple, okay, got it.”
Kuelle slowly moves around the huddle of tiny horses, shaking her curls and her tiara.
I back step and lean against the building wall, not missing the amusing action between Yachel and Britton and lean to Britton with a grin and a giggle. “Does the queen have children?”
Britton stares at the small ponies and Gable with a smile and a chuckle. “I’m glad I didn’t get one of those. I don’t like the duchess horse. But this is truly embarrassing to ride around the countryside.”
I turn and frown at his nose profile. “Why would Gable or me or you be riding around the countryside on top of winged horse? My parents didn’t own a winged horse. They don’t ride around the countryside either on top of winged horses. They use our beat up fairy coach for far distance transportation. Why’s the riding lesson of a winged horse important for that matter?”
Britton stares at the ponies and Gable. “It’s part of Fairy Academy. We learn to ride a winged horse and surf a gem stone wave for fun. The ding-ding horse was originally named the dumb-dumb horse for the little kids in the royal court. However, the queen got perturbed at the silly names and ten renamed them to ding-ding.”
“How do you know that, Britton?”
“My mom told me.”
“O good to learn,” I turn and view Gable and the ponies with a frown. “I guess for fun too.”
Gable walks around the huddle. One the ding-ding horses screams in ba-ba. Gable back steps from the horse, tossing his arms with a confused brow.
The horse drops its nose down to the grass, displaying two sharp pointy horns at Gable and paws the ground with its right hoof and leaps into the air, charging its horns at Gable.
Gable back steps and spins around with a yell, running away from the ding-ding horse.
Xing runs forward from the huddle of ding-ding horses, waving both his arms with a yell to the butthole of Gable. “No. Run to the ding-ding. It is playing with you for fun. Turn around, Gable. Run to the ding-ding and ride it.”
I frown. “I wouldn’t do that.”
“Shore. You would’ve if a ding-ding was on your tail-tail with a set of horn-horn.” Yachel giggles.
“I guess for fun.” I exhale with a puff of worry for poor Gable.
Gable screams and runs in the opposite way as the ding-ding chases after him with its tiny horns.
Xing stops and yells. “Turn around, Gable! Catch it by the horns and sail over the horse, landing in top of its back spine!”
Gable spins around and runs backward, extending his arm, slowing his run. The ding-ding horse comes closer. He slows his speed. The ding-ding comes much closer. He reaches and grabs the horns with his hands, running backwards and flies into the air, flipping upside down for a second. He falls down on top of the back spine of the ding-ding horse in an upright position, reaching and grabbing the horns with a giggle and a tongue of mouth spit.
Xing yells. “Kick the horse into running!”
Gable kicks the stomach of the horse. The ding-ding screams with ba-ba and runs into the lush green forest. He screams with fright.
The teens sound with series of claps and laughter.
Xing motions with his hand. “Come back to class when you finish riding your ding-ding horse, Gable!” The teens laugh again.
I shake my curls and my tiara at the forestland. “Today, it’s been a crazy event.”
Yachel smiles, “This is the purpose of fairy school.”
Music Class ends at 02:57 p.m.


03:03 p.m.
5th period
Enchantment Class


Yachel and I slowly move back into the building with the other fairies laughing and whispering about poor Gable.
The door opens.
Yachel leads through the archway, stopping and standing over the wall again. The tables and chairs are not available for class again today.
I stop and stand next to her, spying on the other teens on the other side of the room.
Britton and I wave and wink at each other for fun.
Kaapo stands in the wall corner in her amber cape and tiara with a smile and a nod. “Good afternoon, fairies. Another fine day of fairy charms. You have swished clothing items...”
“Dead clothing items,” Gable stands between Apella and Zann with a smile.
“Yes. You have swished dead clothing items among your body parts. You have protected the dead clothing items from being stolen off your body parts. Today, we are going to learn and practice the concept of trickery or tricking an item from another fairy. I want three volunteers, standing in the middle of the floor. No one is scooting. I will lecture then. Now with the concept of switching an object, the object must be touching the skin. Any part of the naked skin is alone, isolated, and by its lonely selfie. For example, Apella’s new pretty red sandals are the only single objects, touching her naked toes. Now, if another fairy is wearing an old pair of sandals, then the fairy could say swishee clotho, Apella which will slam a ray into Apella and then claim some new pretty red sandals.” Kaapo grins.
Apella steps from the wall, jabbing a finger at each fairy with a sour frown. “Don’t think that evil thought. I know how to use my gem stone...”
Kaapo grins. “And so the creation of the fairy cape deters another fairy from stealing or swishing out another item of clothing by a bad fairy. So always remember to wear your cape, keeping you intact. The second important item, swishee clotho only applies to stealing or switching clothing which are items made from fabric or animal skins and feathers. Today, we will expand our stealing skills. Now, I need three volunteers to tarry into the lost and dead closet for one piece of individual jewelry.”
The door opens.
The female fairies gasp and run to the closet.
Kaapo chuckles at the selfish fairy girls. “Please retrieve one piece of jewelry. No fighting, fairies.”
Apella reaches the closet first, reaching and grabbing the bracelet and turns, elbowing her way through the girls, emerging in the middle of room. She lifts her arm with the bracelet with a grin and a giggle. “Look. I got a bracelet with dozens of real ruby stones. Can I keep it, Mentor Kaapo?”
Kaapo smirks. “You can keep the item that I steal from you. How’s that, Apella? Stand in the middle in a row of three, no matter the spot.”
Apella stops in the middle of the empty floor, looking down with a confused brow at the ruby bracelet. “O. Okay. I think.”
Zann reaches the second jewelry item with her long arm and wiggling fingers through the bodies of girls and back steps, moving and raising the ring above her tiara with a smile. “It’s a ring with real blue sapphires.” She stops and stands on the far side of Apella about twenty feet apart not liking the arrogant fairy.
Kuelle reaches and finds it, grabbing the last jewelry item from the dead and found closet. “I got it. Go back to your corners, ya’ll. I got the last piece of jewelry.” She turns and stands in the archway.
The other girls sound with a moan, turning and moving back to the wall.
Kuelle marches forward and stops between the empty spot between Apella and Zann.
The door closes.
Kaapo says with a nod and a smile to the three girl fairies. “Very good, fairy volunteers. And I will thank you in advance. Apella, there is a new item inside the dead and found closet. Please use your gem stone ray and retrieve it for me.”
Apella turns and lifts her gem stone at the close door, aiming and tossing her golden fairy wave at the door.
The door opens.
Her golden touches and cuddles a single item, retracting back into her gem stone and her palm hand.
The door closes. 
Apella looks down with a sour frown at the item, “An old smelly coat. We have brownies to perform all the domestic work at my house.”
Kaapo grins, “All yours for our demonstration. Kuelle, there is a new item inside the closet for you too.”
Kuelle whips out her lilac gem stone bracelet, aiming and sending a wave to closed door.
The door opens.
Her lilac wave touches and retracts the object to the gem stone and Kuelle.
The door closes.
Kuelle grabs and frowns at the object and Kaapo. “It’s a complete and intact crummy broom handle and broom bristles. I ain’t sweeping no floor here at the Fairy Academy. We have brownies that perform cleaning duties at my house, Mentor Kaapo.”
Kaapo grins. “And Zann, you get my drift.”
Zann aims and fires her pink fairy wave at the door.
The door opens.
Her pink wave retrieves and retracts the single item to her gem stone and her hand.
The door closes.
Zann holds a banana with a grin and a giggle.
Gable cheers. “I’m hungry too. Can I have a banana too, Mentor Kaapo?”
“Hush, Gable.” Kaapo moves and stops beside Zann with a smile and a nod to each fairy. “Other fairies, please sit down along the walls. I must occupy the rest of the empty space for my demonstration of the trickery lesson. Miss Zann, please hold the jewelry ring in your right hand. Miss Kuelle, please hold the pair of earrings in your left hand. And, Miss Apella, please wear the waist bracelet over a right forearm of your body.
“I can wear my earrings too, Mentor Kaapo.” Kuelle grins.
Kaapo says. “No. Please place the other object in front of your feet, away from your body. I do not want the item, touching your feet.”
Each girl squats and rests the other object on the floor in front of their shoes.
Kaapo says. “You can see that each fairy holds one single object. The trickery concept works on more than one object. However, it is rare for another fairy to only hold one object. For example, Zann can wear the ring and then do a quick steal with her trickery concept to get a better ring from another fairy, as long as, the fairy wears it on the same finger and hand and alone without touching another finger or object.”
The teens moan.
Kaapo moves to the classroom door.
The door opens.
She says into her gem stone for all eardrums. “So, the trickery concept only works best with your pair of hands. Yes. Other body parts work too which I will demonstrate. Each fairy holds one object only. I am going to step outside the archway, except I am going to hold an objects in each one of my hands. The purpose of the exercise to see what you can and can’t do. I am stepping out the door, standing out of your eyesight. The fairy charm words are tricktum objecto and then the proper name of the fairy that affects the trick.” She leaves the classroom.
The door remains opens.
Kaapo stands outside the classroom and says via her gem stone. “Tricktum objecto, Zann.” Her amber fairy mentor wave does not appear.
Nothing happens.
Zann stands in the middle of the room, holding the ring in her right hand with a confused brow.
Kaapo stands outside the door, saying via her gem stone. “Nothing happened. This is supposed to happen, because I am holding my object in the left hand. Tricktum objecto, Kuelle.” Her amber fairy mentor wave does not appear again.
Nothing happens either.
Kuelle stands and holds the pair of earrings with a confused brow and a yell. “Nothing happened, Mentor Kaapo...”
Kaapo says via her gem stone. “Nothing has happened again. I am holding my object in my right hand, while Kuelle holds her object in her left hand. Therefore, we have learned that the same hand equals the same hand in the fairy charm. Tricktum objecto, Apella.” Her amber fairy mentor wave does not appear also.
Apella looks down with a sour frown at the ruby bracelet with a yell. “Nothing has happened to me either, because Mentor Kaapo’s object was covering her left forearm, not the right foreman like mine.”
Kaapo says via her gem stone. “You are very correct, Miss Apella. Fairies, please pick up your particular single object from the floor. It does not matter which naked hand occupies either object, since I too possess two objects, as well, in my naked hands. This is the key, naked body skin or parts. I will use the same fairy charm words. Tricktum objecto, Zann.” Her amber fairy wave travels outside the classroom and through the archway, encompassing both the objects inside Zann’s hands. Then the amber wave disappears and deposits two new objects.
The banana fruit disappears from her hand and then is replaced with an eating fork with two missing prongs. Zann giggles at the fork. The jewelry ring is replaced with an eating plate. She didn’t expect a heavy object. The eating plate slides from her loose grip, breaking over the tiles.
The teens sound with a series of gasps and laughter.
Kaapo giggles via her gem stone. “Surprise, Zann.”
I lean to Yachel with a whisper and a sour frown. “That was mean.”
“That was awesome, completely a true fairy lesson for every eyeballs.” Yachel whispers with a nod and a smile.
Kaapo says via her gem stone. “Zann held two objects with her two naked hands. I held two objects with my two naked hands. I used the fairy charm, desiring to exchange or stealing Zann’s two objects. However, I didn’t really steal. I replaced the objects from my naked hands. However, Zann was both shocked and surprised with the final act. You can use the tricktum objecto plus the proper fairy name on anyone, as long as, both objects are inside one or two naked hands. However, the other fairy might not be very happy about your surprise. I urgent caution here, using the tricktum objecto. And you can see that both the size and the weight of the object do not matter, because the object is being transferred by a fairy gem stone wave from one place to another. We are not wizards or witches.  I am ready for the next fairy. Are you ready, Kuelle?”
Kuelle stares with a smile at the emerald earrings in her right palm. “Yes ma’am.”
Kaapo says via her gem stone. “Tricktum objecto, Kuelle.” Her amber wave enters the room and surrounds both the objects and the right hand of Kuelle and disappears.
The pair of earring turns into a flower.
Kuelle squeezes the petals to death since her hand once had a smaller and heavier object. The petals separate from the long delicate stem, hitting the floor. The broom handle and sweeper turns into an old wrinkled book. Kuelle remembered the object could be heavier than her original object. She grips the book, raising the item over her tiara with a grin and a giggle of her victory fairy trick.
Kaapo says via her gem stone. “You can see that I tricked Kuelle with a light delicate flower in exchange for the pair of earring. I bet that the flower was smushed to death too. The book was much lighter than the heaviness of the tall broom stick. Therefore, Kuelle quickly adjusted her hand gripe for the light weight item without it dropping and then breaking like the eating plate. So it does not matter the size or the weight of the object, but that the object lies within the naked body part, which is her hands. Now, Apella’s two objects, the coat on one of her forearms. The bracelet is being worn on the other forearm. It doesn’t matter the position of the object, as long as, the object touches naked skin. I will tell you that my two objects are touching my forearms and not my hands either. So this is the only method that the fairy charm will work for me and Fairy Apella. If I had one of my objects in my hand, then only the object over my arm would transfer with the fairy charm. Are you ready, Miss Apella?”
“Yes ma’am.” Apella says with a smile into her gem stone.
“Tricktum objecto, Apella.” The amber ray of Kaapo beams through the archway, surrounding the two objects and disappears.
The old smelly coat over the left arm of Apella turns into a real bird. Apella squeezes the bird, making it dookie on the floor. The bracelet on her right forearm turns into a live coiled snake.
The teens gasp.
Apella screams, dancing her feet side to side, shaking her arm. She loosens the snake from her limb with the bird, screaming in shock.
The snake falls on the floor with the bird. The snake flicks its tongue at the bird and opens its mouth, consuming the bird for food.
The teens sound with a series of moans and laughter.
Kaapo rushes in the room with a smile and a chuckle and aims her waist bracelet at the snake. Her amber wave hits and kills the wiggling snake.
The snake puffs into a pile of yellow and red flames and then gray ashes.
The door closes.
I gasp with shock. “She killed the reptile.”
“Thank goodness.” Yachel giggles.
Kaapo stops and stands beside Apella, patting the collar bone of the scary teen with a grin and a nod. “Thank you, fairy volunteers. Please go and stand by the wall with your classmates. We have learned that an object can be animated or dead, any size or shape or height or weight, as long as, it is in one or both hands along with your naked arm or leg or throat or another exposed body part. Does anyone have any questions or comments?”
“Can I steal a snake from the tree too and bring into class tomorrow?” Britton smiles.
“No. You are not a tree, fairy.” Kaapo frowns. “I brought the snake inside from the tree and wrapped it around my arm. When I chanted the fairy charm, the snake was switched with the bracelet. You will practice for the rest of today and tomorrow during class time. Please go to the lost and dead closet, retrieving any and all items necessary for stealing and then pair up with a foe or a friend. One is the stealer, who stands outside inside the hallway. The other will stay inside the classroom. Please, be careful with your individual fairy rays as they crisscross each other. An encounter with a fourteen-year-old fairy with a colorful fairy wave will sting too.” She turns and moves to the archway.
The door opens.
Kaapo says. “I will be getting a beverage. Good luck and no injuries, fairies.” She leaves her classroom.
The fairies turn and dash to the lost and dead closet with laughter.
Enchantment class ends at 04:58 p.m.


05:02 p.m.
Hallway setting


The door closes.
I move with Yachel out the archway with a smile and a nod. “I like enchantment class along with learning the silly fairy charms. But honestly I don’t wanna steal anything from another fairy much less a fairy foe. Is there such a thing as a fairy foe?”
Yachel scans the teens and the crowded hallway. “Yeah…”
I turn and move up the staircase for the second floor of the girl level. “I don’t understand how I could apply any of the silly fairy charms. They seem like fairy curses for a batch of thieves or something…”
Yachel scans the teens and the crowded hallway. “Naw…”
I turn and view her nose profile, “Yeah and naw, what? What are you not saying?”
Yachel scans the teens and the crowded hallway of fairy girls. “The switch clothing fairy charm is important during farming time. When my daddy is way out in the middle of the field crops away from the house, he’ll switch a set of fresh clean clothes with my mama. She’s usually inside the barn and not covered in bugs and hay. She’ll change into his new clean clothes and then switch out his old stinky clothes and then ride back on the horse to the house…”
I gasp with shock. “But ya got brownies? They bring and carry the clothes to the fairies…”
Yachel stops at the archway of Persia, turning with a lady sneer to her best friend. “We don’t treat our brownies like slaves, Persia. They don’t run and fetch for us like servants, Miss Persia. We do all the chores and they assist, because they live there on our farm too, Fairy Persia. That’s it. My dad or mom have never ever used a fairy charm on a brownie or a protection charm against a brownie that I can remember. Therefore, I will never employ one either, feeling both safe and secure at my home and at my school. The trick object fairy charm allows my dad to exchange different types of small and large farming and repairing tools without hauling the individual tools by horse or coach, using my mama as the other fairy. These are some proper applications of the true fairy charms. Kaapo is having some naught fun, teaching the concept and giving the wrong impression to the fairy teens for some strange fairy mentor reason…” 
I exhale with a puff of frustration and say with an annoyed brow. “Okay. I’ve learned something different. Thanks for giving me the true examples of the fairy charms, Fairy Yachel. Well I guess I’ll go and see Britton at the watcher station now.”
Yachel swings around, moving further down the hallway. “See ya...”
I turn and watch her.
Yachel swings her face side to side, watching the teens and the hallway like a thief, going back to her room on the same level.


05:01 p.m.
3rd level floor
Bedroom setting of Persia
Dinnertime


The door opens.
I move through the archway and ponder about Yachel’s behavior.  She seems both nervous and uptight all the time about everything and suspicious too.
I exhale with a puff of frustration and giggle, stripping down to my nudeness, moving to the bathroom.
I shower and dress into my faded and ripped comfortable blue jeans and a clean shirt, turning to the archway.
The door opens.
I squat and lift the food tray, turning and moving into my private room on the third floor. This academic session all the fourteen-year-old girls are on the same level in an alphabetic order. So, I’m closer to Yachel’s private door too as her name starts with the letter of Y.
I move and sit at the loveseat, resting and diving into my food meal. I lift the lid, seeing a plate of fried chicken and greens with rolls for my supper meal.
I reach and grab the fork which displays three prongs with a smile and a giggle, where it shows more space for four prongs, stabbing the greens, lifting the fork to my mouth.
I ate and chew, looking around at my space.
My room looks funny with the mis-shaped rocks over the floor. But the rocks match all the mis-shaped furniture pieces too. My bedroom mattress is folded neat and ugly with the mismatched and patched multi-color bedcover that does not match the pillow case or the bed linens underneath the ratty mattress.
I exhale with a puff of confusion, stabbing the greens with the funky fork and eat, chewing.
This new school year is both more difficult with a set of funny sounding fairy charms and more fun with riding a winged horse. And my parents called last night and promised to call once per week and not each day for their spying pleasure.
I finish my meal, lowering the fork over the plate and stop, tilting my jaw at the empty plate.
The plate is made of numerous pieces of non-matching parts and pieces. This plate has a flower in the middle with a missing petal of yellow around the seed. On the side, it shows wiggling lines of blue and on the other side, there are a set of tiny yellow triangles.
I touch the plate with a whisper and a confused brow. “Non-matching...” I drop the damaged fork into the empty plate as I am good fairy to eat all my food.
I cover the tray, standing and moving to the bathroom and stop.
I gasp at the bright big white pimple on my face in the mirror. 
Yachel yells via her gem stone. “Come on down. I’m inside the hallway. Let’s move…”
The gem stone is a pretty object and is used as the popular communication devise around the fairy school for the students and the mentors.
I lean to the mirror and pop the zit with my fingernails, even fairies get acne. I shake my curls and my tiara without bothering to address Yachel.
I turn and leave the bathroom, reaching the food plate and skipping to my archway.
The door opens.
I dash out my room and down the stairs onto the semi-dark common hallway without seeing Yachel.
At 06:01 p.m., I stop in front of the closed closet door, looking behind my collar bone and not seeing the fairy mentors.
The door opens. The room and the staircase are filled with moving bodies of teens.
I move inside and perform a fairy run up the stairs, slamming my way with my elbow points into the back spines, going up the crowded walls and struggle through the crowd, stopping. I lift my gem stone over my tiaras and some of tiaras, releasing my magenta wave, hitting one of the tower poles.
I lift and soar in the like a fairy with a giggle and a grin and leap over the floor.


06:06 p.m.
Watcher station setting
Cool temperatures with moon light and bright stars


I twirl my fair cape around my body, swinging to the left and to the right through a standing pile of heated bodies of fairies, hunting for Britton and stop at the rafter opening.
And I wait for my turn.
A couple is flying through the opening.
I whip out my necklace gem stone, aiming and capturing on the tower poles, lifting up through the opening too. I stand and move around the rooftop over the edge of the rotten wood and not falling off as a good smart fairy. I hug the curve, moving to our private cubby hole with the torn blue flag of dull and scattered yellow stars.
I open the curtain with a gasp.
Britton rests on top of the ratty sofa with a grin and a wink to Persia. “Good evening, darling.”
I leap and jump on top of his chest as he grunts. “Good evening, sweetie.”
He kisses her lips, holding his cape with one hand, exposing his dark blue gem stone with the other hand. “Hold your cape.” I touch my cape. The dark blue fairy wave releases and surround them. “Swishee clotho, Persia.”
My red cape disappears and then is replaced with his long oversized red cape as I giggle.
He wears her red cape over his broad shoulders which do not cover his chest. He kisses her lips, touching his shirt, exposing his gem stone. “Hold on to your shirt.”
I gasp and giggle, wrapping my body in his oversized red cape as my body is covered from his naked eyeballs sand his wicked grin. “Okay.”
His dark blue fairy wave surrounds them. “Swishee clotho, Persia.”
I gasp with shock. My shirt disappears and is replaced with his long oversized shirt. I see that Britton wears my shirt.
And then Britton exhales his breathe.
My small white shirt rips and tears, exposing parts of his naked skin along with his broad shoulders and his chest.
I gasp and giggle with delight, touching his naked chest with my finger pads.
He grunts, “Me, big. Hold onto your jeans.”
I gasp and giggle, touching my blue jeans underneath the long oversized cape. “I can’t do that.”
“Fairies do it for fun.” His dark blue fairy surrounds them. “Swishee clotho, Persia.”
My pair of blue jeans disappears and is replaced with his oversized jeans. I giggle and wiggle side to side with the extra room.
He wears her jeans and wiggles as her jeans rip around his kneecaps, his hips, and his fanny from his larger body parts. He grunts with a chuckle.
I gasp and giggle. I am still covered in his long cape over his oversized clothes.
Britton chuckles, “Now, hold both your jeans and your shirt, well, really my jeans and my shirt. I’m giving your clothes back. They’re too small for me,” he winks at Persia.
I gasp and giggle, holding my right hand both on his jeans and his shirt which is over my body. “Okay.”
His dark blue fairy wave surrounds them, “Swishee clotho, Persia.”
His roomy pair of blue jeans and his large shirt disappears from my body and is replaced with my person blue jeans and my shirt. I gasp with shock. Both my pair of blue jeans and my shirt possess multiply vertical tears and open holes, exposing numerous body parts which are normally not exposed. I giggle and wink at him.
Britton chuckles, “Now, hold on to your cape…”
“No, no, now, my clothes are torn and shredded.”
“The more to see and kiss you on, darling.”
I hold his cape with my hand. “Okay.”
He holds her red cape with a chuckle as his dark blue fairy wave surrounds them, “Swishee clotho, Persia.”
My red cape returns and rests over my back spine and the ratty sofa fabric. However, my clothes and bits of my pale skin are exposed to both him and the air, feeling the coolness of the night. I giggle with my wicked thoughts.
He grunts with his wicked thoughts, touching her exposed skin around her tummy and her kneecaps. Then he drapes his long red cape over the both of them.
And then he kisses her lips.
4th day Fairy Academy


08:36 a.m.
1st period Blacksmith Shop


The door opens.
I move with a giggle and a grin with Yachel into the secret dark room of the blacksmith shop for another day of gem stone construction and stop at my assigned work station.
The table surface is deeply modeled and molded in the formation of an empty hollow shell. The shell fits into the palm of the hand. The shell is surrounded by a long link chain of hollow circles for my fingers.
I exhale with a puff of annoyance, staring down at the empty shell of black and turn to see the wall of dipper cups. The cups glitter from the steamed air moisture inside the dark room.
Apella stands at work station and rubs the golden polished naked gem stone with a wicked grin and a shout. “Comhertumi, Sebastian.”
A short life form appears like magic beside her legs. The life form has a head of long gray hair down to his fanny which is tied back into a ponytail. The eyes are slanted sideways, twinkling with blue tints of color. The skin is muddy brown from forehead down to its naked toes. The face is rounded with a flat nose and a pair of thin lips without cheekbones like a fairy. The life form possesses two arms, two legs, wearing a long white dress with numerous colored patches from fabric repair. And it wears a pair of open flat sandals.
Apella points to the wall with a sour frown and her command. “Se, retrieve the dipper cup, now.”
I gasp at the life form. “What’s that?”
“A brownie. What’s a brownie doing here, Apella?” Molfalso turns and frowns at the brownie and her.
Hadwin wipes the moisture from his face with a sour frown to her too. “How did it get here, Apella?”
Apella looks up and grins to Molfalso. “This is one of our house brownies that performs all the domestic chores at my home. One being, it cleans my room. ‘Se’ is his name, which is shorten for the formal name of Sebastian. I called it, using a fairy charm, comhertumi. The charm means come here to me when you use the proper name of the subject. You can apply that fairy charm to any other beings, but fairies. I leaned this particular fairy charm from my parents.”
Britton wipes his face from the steam. “You’re cheating, Apella. You can’t use the brownie for your gem stone work at the fairy school.”
Kuelle points with a sour frown at the brownie. “I agree with Britton. You are cheating, Apella. Daffodil said you have to use your gem stone ray to touch and grab each component to construct the gem shell.”
Apella flips her hand and points to the wall of dipper cups. “Se, grab me a dipper cup from the wall over there now.”
The brownie exhales, looking up at the wall and steps on the silver and gold tinted floor.
The floor cracks and opens, creating a deep fission of red flames. The fission stretches into a wide hole and develops a wiggling whip of colored heat. It twirls a shiny silver and gold whip around the leg of the brownie.
The brownie squeals, struggling and hitting on the whip with both his hands without success.
The floor whip wraps and drags the brownie down into the fission hole and closes up
And then the floor burps.
The teens gasp.
Stad frowns. “We told ya, Apella. You can’t cheat at the Fairy Academy. They know. They know everything too.”
I gasp with horror at the floor and Apella.
Apella giggles. “I have a houseful of brownies. One loss is no big deal.” she rubs her gem stone, saying. “Comhertumi, Theodore.”
The second brownie appears at her feet. He turns and bows to Apella for her next command.
Apella jabs a finger at the wall of dipper cups again with a sour frown and her order the brownie. “Over yonder on that wall, I need a dipper cup and only one, Theo. Ya gotta be specific with your command. Now, I’m going to lift you into the air with my wave. Then you grab a dipper cup. After you grab the dipper cup, I will float you to the big cooking pot in the middle of the room. Then you dip the cup into the golden liquid...”
I gasp. “You can’t do that, Apella. It’s too...too dangerous for everyone...”
Britton frowns. “It ain’t going to work, Apella.”
Apella turns and smiles to Britton. “It’ll work and I’ll show ya, honey. As long as my personal gem stone wave is attached to any object, I can grab it and manipulate it too.”
Stad turns and sneers to Apella. “She’s right with her procedure but wrong with her method. You’re a nasty fairy, Apella.”
Apella grins. “Thanks. I try hard. Stand still, Theo. I’m going to ignite my fairy wave.” She rubs her gem stone as a tiny golden wave touches and wraps around the brownie.
The brownie gasps and lifts in the air, moving and floating across the swirling floor of gold and silver. Her fairy wave is preventing the brownie from being sucked down into the fission again. Her golden wave carries the brownie slowly to the wall of dipper cups and stops.
The brownie hovers over the floor in front of the wall and reaches for one of the dipper cups with his small hands and his tiny fingers, grabbing one cup.
The rest of the dipper cups sway and swing against each other, creating a set of lovely musical tings. Then one of the swinging dipper cups wiggles off from the rack and hit the skull of the brownie.
Apella gasps, twisting her gem stone wave side to side, balancing the wave and the brownie.
Her golden wave tilts sideways.
The brownie tilts more sideways as three of the heavy dipper cups wiggles and falls down on top of the sideways brownie. The brownie squeals and falls down over the floor.
The floor cracks and opens with another fiery fission, sucking down the brownie and the numerous fallen dipper cups, closing the hole.
And then the floor burps.
Some of the fairies laugh out loud. Some of the fairies gasp in shock.
I look up with a sour frown and a yell to her. “Apella!”
Apella gasps and frowns at the closed floor. “Wee, fart. Another one bites the wet floor.”
Britton turns and laughs to Apella. “You’re going to run out of house brownies by the time you figure out how to manipulate your sorry gem stone wave while still not retrieving a dipper cup...”
Apella turns and frowns to Britton. “I have a houseful of brownies for my VIP fairy assignment given to me by my loving parents. Comhertumi, Nathaniel.”
The brownie appears before her feet and bows, looking up without speaking.
I lean to Yachel with a whisper “Do they talk?”
Yachel studies the brownie with a whisper. “Some do. Some do not. I don’t know the reason either. This brownie is younger. See the gray hair has grown only to his shoulders. The other two were older brownies with a long, long ponytail of gray hair. That’s how you distinguish each brownie. They dress in the same white colored fabric dress, repaired with an assortment of numerous colored patches. They wear flat open toed sandals and display long shaggy gray hair too.”
Kuelle turns and sneers to her. “Send him home, Apella!”
Apella grins down at the brownie with her command. “My gem stone wave will grab your waistline, lifting you from the floor. You will travel to the wall and grab one dipper cup gently with your two hands. Then I will float you to the cooking pot. You will dip the cup into the gold liquid and then I will bring you back here to me at the table surface.” She rubs her gem stone, shooting another tiny golden ray and wrapping it around the brownie.
Her golden fairy wave lifts and carries him over the floor and stops in front of the wall of dipper cups.
The brownie reaches and grabs one dipper cup as the teens sound with a series of gasps.
Her golden ray retracts back into her gem stone and stops at one of the steaming vats with boiling golden liquid. Her ray lifts and holds the brownie directly over the steaming vat of gold.
The brownie lowers the dipper cup with the handle, going deeper down into the boiling gold.
The handle becomes slippery with wet moisture and falls down into the boiling gold. The gold liquid leaps onto the hands and the arms of the brownie.
The brownie squeals with pain as her golden wave shimmies side to side with movement.
Then the gold liquid roars with noise, creating a set of two hands that reaches above the boiling liquid. Then the two golden hands grab and hold the brownie over the steaming vat of liquid.
Apella gasps, rubs and retracts her golden wave, before she is captured by the pair of golden hands too.
The golden hands dive back down into the vat of gold, sucking in the brownie too.
The brownie squeals and silences as it is covered completely in boiling gold.
The gold liquid gold farts and spits the golden covered gooey brownie from the vat.
The brownie falls and lands on the floor with a thud.
The floor cracks and opens a new fission, sucking down the golden encrusted gooey brownie, closing up the hole with a slurp.
And the floor burps.
The teens sound with a series of gasps with shock.
Apella frowns down at the floor. “Awe, double wee farts. Comhertumi, Theodora.”
Kuelle turns and frowns to her. “Stop it, Apella.”
Molfalso turns and chuckles to her. “Go ahead, Apella. You’re almost there, darling.”
A new brownie appears at the feet of Apella, bowing and looking to see her face for the next command.
Apella looks down to the brownie. “This is ‘The’ which is short for Theodora. Okay, The. I want you to grab one of the dipper cups from the wall. I’m going to float you to there on my wave. Once you grab the cup, dip it into the pot of gold liquid. But be very careful, the handle is slick.”
The brownie nods.
Apella releases her gem stone wave and wraps her golden wave around the brownie, lifting her in the air.
The brownie turns and floats across the floor and stops in front of the wall of dipper cups, grabbing a dipper cup without disturbing the other ones.
Apella retracts her wave and halts the brownie over the vat of boiling liquid in the white steam.
The brownie gently scoops up a cup of gold.
Apella retracts her wave as the brownie soars over the floor. Numerous golden droplets fall over the floor from the overflowing dipper cup as the floor sucks up each golden droplet with a slurp.
I gag with vomit, watching and hearing the nasty sound of the floor.
Apella fiddles her wave, swinging the brownie over the table surface of her work station.
The brownie halts and pours the gold over the table surface.
The table surface scatters the gold liquid, covering the earring shell with a slurp. The excess gold falls down between the tiny holes of the table surface into the oven and pours over the edge of the work station onto the floor.
The floor sucks up all the golden droplets with a set of tiny slurps that the teens hear too.
Apella says with a grin and a giggle, holding her golden wave with the brownie over the work station. “Toss the dipper cup away from me onto the floor, The.”
The brownie throws the dipper cup on the floor.
The floor cracks and opens with a new fission, sucking up the gold liquid and the silver dipper cup, closing the hole with a slurp.
And then the floor burps.
Her golden wave drops the brownie down at her feet as her wave retracts into her gem stone. Apella rubs her gem stone with a smile to the brownie. “Backyagoim, Theodora.”
The brownie disappears like magic from the floor and the steamed air waves.
The teens sound with a series of claps and cheers, except for a few which include Persia and Yachel.
Kuelle raises her arms with a smile and a shout. “Girls rules. Guys die.”
I frown with fury. “Sh...”
Yachel twirls around and cuddles Persia. “No.”
I sneer at Yachel and Apella in fury.
The door opens.
Daffodil stands in the archway with a smile and a nod, moving into the middle of the floor, looking at each fairy and turns and moves to the work station of Apella, observing the boiling gold liquid inside the table surface. She turns and moves to the work station of Molfalso, observing a hollow metal casing, swinging and moving to a few more work stations and halts in front of the vats. She wipes her face from the steam with a nod and a smile to each fairy. “I understand. Fairy Apella has won the day. Congratulations, Miss Apella. Tomorrow, there might be a new winner or more…”
I point with a shout and a finger to Apella. “S...”
Yachel swirls and slams into Persia. “No.”
I bite my lip, staring at Daffodil.
Daffodil grins, “Good job, fairy Apella. Your class time has expired for the day. We all will meet tomorrow for another try of constructing your gem stone shell. Good day, fairies.”
Blacksmith shop ends at 09:55 a.m.
At 09:57 a.m., Yachel and I slowly move out the blacksmith shop, across the banquet room and down the dark hallway in both fury and sadness at the death of the two brownies.
I lean to Yachel with a whisper. “She approves. Why didn’t you let me tattle-tale, Yachel?”
She exhales. “This is not a human competition, but a fairy assignment. We all have to construct an outer shell of our gem stone, fairy Persia.”
I frown. “I can stop reliving Apella and her murdering these poor brownies...”
“Shush.” Yachel grabs and drags Persia to dirty and busted wall panels, making the hallway almost black between the color and dirt on the wood and cuddles Persia away from the other fairies, whispering. “Don’t say that.”
I lean into the nose profile of Yachel with a whisper. “It’s all true. They don’t...”
“I know it’s true. I saw it too. I mean don’t feel sympathy for them...”
“The brownies, say their name. Why not, Yachel?”
“Do not say their name around the other fairies, Persia.” Yachel exhales. “Some of the other fairies, the other fairy households don’t express the same feelings, like me and you. So be very careful with your vocal words...”
“How do you know that, Yachel?”
“Open your eyeballs and your eardrums, Persia. Did any other teen fairy stop Apella? Did any other teen slam their gem stone wave between Apella and her house brownie, saving his life form? The answer is no, because they have house brownies too. They all treat the poor house brownies with contempt and malice too. They all feel like Apella too except me, you, and some of the other fairies, who don’t have brownies.”
I gasp. “You have brownies.”
“And my parents treat them with respect.”
“I don’t see another teen fairy protect the poor brownie either. I can’t believe this. This is so wrong and unjust. We should tattle tale to Mentor Ibbie during fairy lore...”
Yachel looks down with a sour frown to see the holes in the wooden planks. “She don’t care.”
I nod. “Then we should tattle tale to Mentor Daffodil instead...”
She frowns. “She don’t care either.”
I stare at the tiara of Yachel, shaking my curls and my tiara. “I don’t understand. The brownies are a different species like butterflies and birds and bees. They should be protected and respected too...”
“They should, but they aren’t.”
“But we should...”
Yachel looks up with a sour frown and a whisper to Persia. “Do not show any sympathy. Okay, Persia?”


10:02 a.m
2nd period Fairy Lore Class


I nod, turning and leading to the archway into fairy lore class.
The door opens.
I enter and halt, dropping my mouth.
Apella stands and sways side to side in front of the reader-chairs and the white wall with a smile and a wave to each fairy.
I exhale with a puff of fury and move to my reader-chair, scooting inside beside Yachel.
My reader tray is empty except for the square box that holds the tiny library fairy information for my continuous search of a pixie fairy tale word.
Ibbie stands in the wall corner with a smile and a nod to each fairy. “Good morning, fourth class. We already have prepared the next presentation by Miss Apella. Please begin, fairy.”
I fingernail write on my reader-tray to Yachel...Ugh! Too much of Apella, so far today.


Yachel fingernails writes...Ditto, darling.


In front of the classroom at the white colored board, Apella turns around and places her naked golden gem stone inside the embedded and empty wall pocket. In blacksmith shop, she didn’t have time to rest her naked gem stone into the center of the boiling liquid gold to set her gem stone earring shell. She swings around with a grin and a giggle to each fairy.
The four walls, the ceiling, and the floor all morphs from a solid white into a single photograph of an elderly woman. The woman stands at four feet and zero inches with a set of humpbacked shoulders, a head of long stringy gray and black hair with a set of deep wrinkles on her face and her neck. She wears a long wrinkled magenta colored gown with a gigantic magenta colored stoned crown.
Inside my reader-chair on the third row, I gasp at the gem stone color on the woman and fingernail write...She has a magenta gem stone.


Yachel fingernail writes...It is deep purple.


In front of the classroom, Apella slaps her hand on the wall with a nod and a smile. “This is our fairy queen. She is...”
“Uglier than Molfalso’s mama...” Gable mouth spits and points with a laugh at the side wall.
Molfalso turns with a sneer and sends his crimson gem stone ray toward the reader-chair of Gable. His wave hits the floor as Ibbie releases and blocks it with her amber gem stone wave. She sneers. “Calm down, Fairy Molfalso! Please, continue, Fairy Apella.”
Apella lifts her hand with a nod and a smile to each fairy. “Our fairy queen is beauty. She stands at four feet and zero inches tall...”
Stad laughs, “With or without a pair of the protruding and disturbing single humpbacked shoulders? I guess with them. Since, without them, she might be about six feet tall…”
Apella fakes a smile. “And our fairy queen possesses long gray and black hair stands...”
Stad laughs, “Down to her fanny, so she might be about seven feet tall.”
Apella fakes a smile, “Our fairy queen wears...”
Stad laughs. “Deep wrinkles on her face and her neck like my mom’s lasagna. My mom bakes a great big pan of good tasting lasagna with lots of wrinkles like our fairy queen too.”
I giggle and fingernail write to Yachel...I like lasagna too.


Yachel fingernail writes...Not anymore! Now, I’ll think of our fairy queen as I eat lasagna.


Ugh. I’m not hungry anymore.


In front of the classroom, Apella fakes a smile. “And our fairy queen wears a beautiful long gown...”
“Does she also have a set of crow’s feet underneath her old, torn, and wrinkled beautiful gown?” Molfalso laughs.
Inside my reader-chair, I giggle and fingernail write to Yachel...Her gown looks awful like she’s been wearing it for thousands of centuries.


Yachel grins and fingernail writes...She has.


Inside my reader-chair, I gasp and giggle at Yachel’s joke.
In front of the class, Apella fakes a smile. “And her selected gem stone color is deep purple...”
I shake my curls and my tiara with a yell. “No. It’s magenta. That color is magenta like...”
Apella turns and frowns to Persia. “Deep purple. The color of purple represents royal. Royal is assigned to the royal queen. And our royal queen is the Fairy Queen...”
Ibbie says. “Her wave is a beautiful deep purple. The color of purple is justice. That’s an excellent point in your presentation, Fairy Apella. The fairy queen represents justice for all fairies, everywhere in Fairyland. Please continue, Miss Apella.”
I exhale with a puff of fury.


Inside her reader-chair, Yachel fingernails writes on top of the reader-try at Persia... Told ya, babe!


Inside my reader-chair, I feel my arm burns, looking down to see Yachel’s sentence and slap my hands down to the reader-tray in frustration and pain with a whisper. “It is magenta like my gem stone.”
Apella grins. “Thank you for clarifying my description, Mentor Ibbie.” She swings around and taps on her gem stone. 
All four walls, the ceiling and the floor all morphs into a structure which is two stories tall with a set of rounded wings.
The fairies gasp with shock.
Apella spins around with a smile and a nod to each fairy. “It is beautiful like the fairy queen. This is the fairy fort. The fairy queen lives in a fairy fort, not a fairy castle. Castles only belong in fairy tales which don’t exist here in Fairyland. We are not a fairy tale, but a fair city. The fairy fort is a very unique building. The fort sets on top of a hill of dull brown rock and not down in a valley of green manicured grass. The structure is two levels high very long, and very, very wide and a pretty vanilla color. The fort is constructed in a series of curved walls only with tiny square windows for viewing the far landscape. Not one side of the fort is a perfect straight line, since the fort is a rounded structure of circles...”
Hadwin frowns. “What type of vanilla colored stones made up the fairy fort, Apella? I don’t recognize the coloring or the texture of the rock formation. I know rocks. I live and work a farm, filled with tons of small pebbles, hand sized rocks, and shoulder sized boulders, shifting the hard dirt for a batch of new farm crops.”
Apella looks up to see the photograph on the ceiling. “It…I don’t know.”
Ibbie says, “Very good presentation, fairy Apella.”
Stad frowns. “Why’s it a fairy fort? A fort represents a battle or a war and not peace. What’s the history behind a warfare fort, instead of a peaceful castle, fairy Apella?”
Apella frowns. “It... I don’t know that, either.”
Ibbie says. “Fairies are a peaceful people and not warriors. Thank you, fairy Apella.”
Molfalso says. “What was your fairy tale word, Apella?”
Apella grins. “Queen, I selected and captured the word, queen.”
Kuelle laughs. “Then why did you explain the fairy fart, I mean, the fairy fort too?”
“Where’s the fairy fort located, Apella?” I yell.
Apella parks her hands on her hips with a sour frown and a nod. “It is the fairy queen’s residence like a big gigantic castle...”
“Fairies don’t live in castles, only forts.” Hadwin laughs.
Ibbie says. “Please, return to your reader-chair, fairy Apella. You received an A plus, plus for an outstanding presentation today. So far, we have observed two excellent oral presentations from two excellent fairies. Who is next?”
Gable stands with a grin and a tongue of mouth spit, moving to the front of the class, spinning around to face the teens and lifts his hand. He opens his palm, dumping a clump of red clay dirt on top of the clean shiny white floor.
The teens sound with a gasp.
Gable giggles. “My fairy tale word is graves. So, I’m presenting an oral lecture which will be one minute or sixty seconds, when it is short compared with a long-winded Apella, who had exceeded the three-minute time limit with her boring fairy tale topic of queen. So, a fairy grave is covered in red clay dirt. The grave is also called a fairy mound which is covered in colorful sweet fragrance smelling rose petals...”
Nabell says. “What a waste of a pretty beautiful plant for a dead fairy?”
Gable mouth spits. “The rose petals are the physical evidence of a recent fairy funeral. The rose petals celebrate the passing of a long and dull elder fairy life...”
“Fairies are not dull like you, Gable. We’re exciting and thrilling and interesting beings of the world.” Apella frowns.
Gable mouth salvia his spit over his lips and his chin, jabbing a finger down to the floor. “Whatever. A fairy gravesite or mound or grave is presented right here, ya’ll. So do not eat your meal around the mound. You will raise a fairy ghost. Boo.” He laughs.
The teens sound with a series of cheers and claps for Gable.
He bows at his waist line with a grin and a giggle to his fairy mates.
Ibbie stares down with a sour frown with at dirt. “Does that particular small pile of red dirt on my clean white floor from an actual fairy grave, Master Gable?”
Gable turns and giggles with a tongue of mouth spit to Ibbie. “Yeah, I scooped up a handful out in the gravesite right before my breakfast. I stored it inside my jean’s pocket. It’s not really fresh but hard as a dang rock...”
Ibbie gasps. “There’s a reason that the mound is pounds of hard dirt and a fresh grave is covered in rose petals. A fairy family is buried under the entire mound of red clay, going back generations and generation, centuries and centuries ago. Whose grave site is this?”
“An entire fairy family is buried under that single mound. I didn’t know that either. The mounds are very tall, looking like a small hilltop too.” Apella turns and frowns down at the pile of dirt.
Gable grins. “The red dirt comes from my kin folk, maybe my great grandfather. I think.”
A plume of beige steam swirls up from the red dirt, drifting up to the ceiling.
Ibbie jabs a finger with a sour frown at the dirt. “That dirt is from a grave of your fairy kin, Gable?”
“Yeah.” Gable looks down with a grin at the dirt.
The beige steam forms into a row of short outlines of hollow human-shaped objects without a set of eyeballs and earlobes. The row of beige objects floats in the air. One of the objects wiggles side to side, moaning with sorrow in an alto voice. “Who is the one that has disturbed my grave?”
A second beige object wiggles side to side, moaning with fury in a soprano voice. “Who touched my grave?”
Ibbie gasps with a yell. “Gable, sweep up the dirt. Take it back to the proper grave site now. Fairies, escape from the room. Get out. Gable has unleashed his angry kin folks at us.”
I gasp, rolling out the reader-chair, turning and falling on my kneecaps after tumbling over the other fairies. I stand and spin around to see a row of beige colored ghost fairies and gasp with fear.
The door opens.
Most of the teens move through the archway.
A third beige dead fairy ghost wiggles side to side, moaning with angry in a baritone voice. “Who did this to me and my kin?”
Gable turns and waves with a grin and a giggle at the row of ghosts. “I’m Gable. I am your great, great, great grandson or something like that. You are my kin folks too. Howdy do there, ya’ll?”
The first fairy ghost wiggles side to side, blasting a stream of cool air at Gable. Gable giggles from the funny maneuver. The fairy ghost says with a fury of angry. “You have disturbed my gravesite. You will be haunted until the end of your days...”
Ibbie grabs and drags Gable from the row of ghosts, tossing him on the floor. “Get the dirt, carry outside, and dump it back onto the gravesite, Gable. I’ll hold off the ghosts.” She turns and aims her broach pin and blasts her aqua wave at the row of fairy ghosts.
The fairy ghosts wiggle side to side without drifting up to the ceiling but move their lips without sound.
I gasp at the sight.
Yachel grabs and drags Persia by the hand, turning and running to the archway, “Move now and out the door, before you’re haunted for life too,” giggling.
Gable squats and scoops up the dirt inside both palms like this morning.
Ibbie says. “You don’t need one hundred percent of the dirt replaced only about ninety-five percent. Hurry, Gable! Go and return the dirt back on top of your blood kin fairy grave now!”
Gable cups his hands, holding the dirt and stands.
Yachel and I run through the archway and slam into the wall of the hallways as some of the wooden planks break and fall down to the floor.
Gable exits the room with his cupped hands of dirt and turns, dashing down the hallway to the front door.
Fairy Lore Class ends at 11:49 a.m.


10:47 a.m.
3rd period Gem Class


I turn with a smile and a chuckle and run with Yachel down the dark hallway but not being chased by a row of dead and angry fairy beige colored ghosts, slowing down beside her, moving into the auditorium.
Oviv stands in the middle of the auditorium floor, cleaning up after the Fifth Class and then gasps, dropping her mouth at the huddle of Fourth Class students. “You are very early before class time today.”
Stad enters through dark tunnel with a laugh, thumbing over his collar bone to the archway. “Gable robbed a fairy grave, bringing the pile of dirt for his show and tattle tale presentation in Fairy Lore today,” laughing.
Oviv gasps. “There’re runaway fairy ghosts inside the Academy.”
Apella grins. “Yes ma’am. But Mentor Ibbie frozen them in the air waves until Gable could run back and dump off the stolen dirt,” laughing.
Oviv exhales. “All right! Things seem alright for Ibbie. Come on outside and line up for the daily surfing exercise, fairies without Master Gable.”
The laughing teens and I move outside and form a semi-crooked line over the dead grass like always and not waiting for Gable.
Oviv moves and stands to the side of the line, touching and saying via her gem stone. “Today, you will increase the height of your ray from two feet to five feet. You will practice forward and backwards, constructing your wave and retracting your wave until it is perfectly. You will find a great big variance of wiggling and wobbling from two to five feet. Begin.”
I exhale with a puff of annoyance, staring at the semi-burnt forestland in the far distance. 
The trees are burnt from previous and current fiery fairy waves. Some have fallen onto the soil. Some have broken in the middle of the tree trunk. The outside trees are burned into blackness too without both leaves and bark. The entire ground is burnt black too from placing a fairy wave over the lush and manicured grass. Even, the red soil is black from the burning of the hated wave.
The fairy wave doesn’t burn a fairy, but it burns any objects around the fairy and the ray.
I lean to Britton with a worried brow and a whisper. “Do you see the burnt grass and soil and trees in the far distance and around us, Britton?”
“Naw,” He rubs his dark blue gem stone, releasing and whipping his wave to the forest.
I see a grove of tree burn into a fire and point to the trees. “See ya just flamed those innocent trees? Why are we practicing using a wave?”
“Fairies do it for fun,” he chuckles.
“I know to steer objects to a destination point, but we don’t have to destroy the trees to do this.”
“It’s fun. Fairies do it for fun.” He leaps and stands with a smile and a chuckle on top of his wobbling fairy ray.
“My parents didn’t use their gem stone waves like this. Why are we expanding our waves for miles?”
“Fairies do it for fun,” he flies his wave to the burnt forestland and away from Persia.
I exhale with a puff of frustration, whipping out my gem stone for the daily exercise, shaking my curls and my tiara and whisper. “Not fun...”
Gem Class ends at 11:55 a.m.


12:03 p.m.
3rd level floor
Bedroom setting of Persia
Lunchtime


The door opens.
I hold my food tray with a sour frown. “What a morning? I hope the afternoon’s dull and boring too.” I move and set my food tray on the top of small table, moving and plopping on top of the loveseat and eat my food.
Yachel lifts and grabs the platter of food, turning and moving to the window and stops, chewing and scanning the creaks between the glass of the dry and dead landscape.
I chew and swallow. “I didn’t know that the fairy ghost haunts you. I thought only the academy ghost haunt ya.”
“Yeah. I believe it to be guilt from a bad life as a fairy.” Yachel chews and stares at the landscape out the window.
I chew and swallow.  “Guilt from a bad life? Why would a fairy lead a bad life? We’re all good and sweet. We give human children something in the human world.”
Yachel scans the landscape. “Naw. We give children...”
“Why are you standing at my window, looking at the trees? You’re acting strange, Yachel.”
“I don’t have a window in my private bedroom suite.”
I drop my mouth, holding food and close it, chewing and swallow. “All the bedroom suites have windows.”
She turns and frowns to Persia. “No. Not all the bedroom suites. I’m inside a bedroom without any windows along the hallway interior. I miss the sun and the birds and the trees. So I come and stare out your window for a few minutes. Have ya noticed that all the classrooms didn’t have any viewing windows either?”
I drop my mouth, looking up to my ceiling and Yachel. “Don’t understand. We all had windows last year. And you’re right. All the indoor classrooms don’t have windows. I wonder why.”
Yachel turns and stares between the creaks of the glass window. “Only selected fairies got the windows, so I’ve concluded that I am not liked by the academy staff...”
I stare her rear skull of blonde hair with a puzzled brow. “Why would that be, Yachel? I don’t understand.”
She stares between the creaks of the glass at the landscape. “I don’t know either, but I do believe it...”
“Time for music class...” I wipe my mouth and drop the napkin in my plate, standing and lifting both the food trays to the archway.
The door opens.
I lead out and drop the food trays, turning and moving down a crowded hallway.


01:03 p.m.
4th period Music Class
Warm temperatures with bright sunshine


I move with happiness down the dark hallways to the outside with the rest of the teens and Yachel and Xing.
Xing stands in the meadow in front of the semi-crooked line of teens. “Howdy, ya’ll. Happy to report, every fairy has been smelled by a winged horse, so you are matched now. Now today, you get acquainted with your personal winged horse for the rest of the week. That means, developing a language between you as master and it as horse. Now, I’m not going to whistle, since my whistle will signal the steeds back here. You’re your turn to whistle. Ya whistle for your steed. You and the horse made friends, this week. The steed will remember you and your voice and smell. So whistle with a song off-key, if ya must.” He scoots to the side. “I’m standing over here out of ear target,” chuckling.
I giggle and pout my lips together without my fingers. I don’t know how to whistle with my fingers. I blow out a tongue of mouth saliva and a sissy whistle.
Yachel uses her fingers, sending out an ear piercing animal sound.
When the white clouds twirl and spin from the flapping white wings of the draft horses.
I gasp, narrowing my eyelashes, seeing the awesome beauty of blue and white that mix together, turning with a sour frown to the noise commotion.
The group of Yachel, Stad, Molfalso, Apella, Hadwin, and the other riders of the draft horses move and stomp up to the hilltop with a series of claps and cheers, securing a fairy winged steed.
Britton scoots and leans over with a sneer to Persia. “The draft horses come a calling first from the whistles. Why’s that?”
I giggle. “Ladies always come first.”
“Most of the draft horses are ridden by these farmers. Why’s that?”
“Farmers are natural keepers of the soil. Horses didn’t fly hundred percent of the time. They eat and pookie on the soil. Farmers are nice and gentle with nature, including the horses. They make good riders of the bigger steeds...”
He frowns. “The farmers always get their way too. What’s the importance of a fairy farmer or a FF or a FFF for a farting fairy farmer?”
I turn and frown at his nose profile. “Farmers grow crops. Crops grow food. Food is eaten by me, you, him, her, and them and us...”
“We fairies produce our own food with fairy magic.”
I gasp, “We, fairies? How are we, fairies? That must be a neat fairy treat, I don’t know about…”
“We don’t need fairies that plow the fields. We need fairies that plunder…”
“What are talking about, Britton? Why ya so cruel to the fairy farmer? I might be one too…”
He turns and looks down to her tiara. “Why would you pick a non-fairy job?”
I turn and watch the sky for my duchess horse with a smile from his sneering. “We are all fairies here in Fairyland. I like the open spaces and fresh air and…”
The draft horses gallop apart, rumbling over the soil like thunder cloud and soar up to air like a bird in flight.
I gasp at the beauty with a smile.
The blue skies clear, leaving tiny swirls of white clouds, decorating in funny shapes. Then the black dots appear.
I point the sky with a grin. “Here come the duchess horses.”
Britton sneers. “Don’t remind me! I don’t understand how I was smelled by a girl horse, not a guy horse.”
I giggle. “The horse smelled the matching personality not the male or female sex.” I watch the horses glide with its pair of fluttering black wings and a white body. Then the horses land on the rear hoofs, running over the grass, slowing down their flying speed. I clap with a giggle at the beauty of the beast and whistle with a sissy call, watching for my duchess horse to signal its advancement. I elbow Britton in his rib cage, “Let’s go and hunt for the fairy fart.” I advance to the duchess horses with a whistle.
He moves beside Persia. “We can’t. We aren’t allowed near the fairy fort.”
I watch for my duchess horse. “Why not?”
“That’s why it’s hidden or kept in secret. It’s told that you can’t approach the fairy fort, without engaging in the fairy queen’s wrath.”
I nod. “Hmm! A challenge to waste the rest of our class time, I like.” I giggle, seeing my duchess horse. “Meet me in the clouds, I found my horse…”
She inflames her nostrils with my smell and unfolds her wings as her black wings raises to the sky. Then she spins and runs.
She and I are still strangers and I must mount her while flying on my fairy wave. I whip out my gem stone, producing a two feet wave. From my exercises in gem class, I balance with ease, jumping and crouching down at my kneecaps.
My wave races after my duchess horse.
She runs for fun over the ground.
I race my wave parallel to her running form, measuring the air distance between us. I don’t want to miss her back spine.
She runs faster over the ground, stomping her four hoofs with the challenge for fun.
My wave equals her speed and passes her shoulder. I retract my wave back equal with her back spine, perfect sitting form for my fanny. I reach and grab her mane, shooting my boot heels from the wave and leap in the air, pulling on her mane and my hands to her back spine, feeling thrills and chills of the blowing air molecules.
I lift and land on top of her back spine, retracting my wave back into the gem stone and pocket my gem stone which is attached to the long necklace into my cape hidden pocket.
And you thought the cape was for good looks only.
I don’t want the lose my necklace, breaking my teeth or blooding my lips and not being able to kiss on Britton tonight.
I lean down into her soft black silky mane with a smile and smell her sweet vanilla fragrance, smiling, kicking her rib cage.
She lifts from the ground and soars up to the clouds, flapping her black shiny wings.
I gasp with excitement of the sky ride.
She ascends up at an angle.
I rest my body even with her neck like one beast, feeling her heart pump. I feel her legs gallop back and forth.
Her wings sweep up and down, creating a cool breeze on my sweaty face and my nervous body.
The duchess horse and I soar into the clouds.
I see white mists of puffs.
She glides through the clouds, picking up numerous water molecules, glittering on her skin and black colored mane.
My hair is slightly wet with water too. I pull on her mane with a grin, “Whoa, girl! Hover beside the clouds. We wait on Britton.” I guide her to the blue sky without clouds, looking down to see the tiny trees and small buildings with a giggle.
She flaps her wings once and extends them, hovering in the air like magic.
I turn and see Britton on top of his duchess horse.
He does look kinda funny as a tall guy on a top of medium sized horse. Britton ascends up into the clouds and pops out, soaring to Persia.
I whip out my gem stone for a verbal communication.
The winged horses must stay apart and hold a wing span of twenty feet. We can’t yell that far distance, much less talk.
I say into the magenta gem stone. “Find the fairy fort.”
“Naw! Let’s go to the beach.”
“We live on an island. The beach’s all around us.”
“We got one hour and thirty minutes or so until class is over. We can’t be late. Or we forfeit our flying time tomorrow afternoon in music calls. Didn’t you read the fairy handbook?”
I nod with my fib. “Yeah, of course, over the summertime days...”
Britton and his horse turns and dives, soaring below Persia, swinging the horse to the east side of the island. The Fairy Academy is parallel to the beach coast which is close for getting back before the end of the class time.
I spin my horse to the east too.
The duchess horse and I soar over the blue sky through the wet clouds, guiding over the tan sands of the beach.


01:18 p.m.
Beach shoreline setting
Eastern side of Fairyland
Hot temperatures, breezy wind with bright sunshine


Britton selects the driest spot on top of a small rock around the water and lands the horse. I follow, landing on another small rock hill, sliding off from my horse.
The horse lowers her nose, sniffing the stinky foul water.
I gasp with shock, scanning the ugly beach. The water is greenish-blue. The sands are an ugly dirty tan.
Britton laughs. “Haven’t ya been to the beach?”
I scan the beach. “No. My mom doesn’t like the sun or the sand, there or here.”
He moves over the ridge of rough rock boulders which are embedded in the shallow ocean water, pointing the ocean. “Right, the flooding has washed the sand grains away, leaving mostly the hard bedrock. There’s pocket of shallow trenches of sea water that doesn’t evaporate.”
I look down and frown at the ugly dirty sand. “There’s dead snakes, live snakes, oyster shells, crab shells, dead seaweed, dead lobsters. Who eats this stuff?”
“Most of the fresh meat is gathered by the brownies from the surrounding fairy families who live out here around the beach. The brownies pull the fresh meat, trashing the hard shells.”
I carefully step around the rock. “Yuck. The beach is very much polluted too.”
“At night, the flood waters come, clearing all this out. In the morning, the beach is cleaned, leaving only the rock…”
I scan the ocean waters. “Yuck. Not much fun at the beach, where else can we go?”
“We aren’t allowed to fly over the ocean. The horses don’t really like it.”
I gasp. “But the horses are used to travel into the human world, attending the children, like our agreement goes…”
“Naw, they travel by gem stone wave. That’s why we train by gem stone wave.”
“O good to learn.” I grin. “Okay, we can go and look for the fairy fart.”
“Naw! The fairy fort is located in the north and is surrounded by a force field. We can’t fly over it without endangering our horses. And I don’t want the wrath of Xing on my fairy tail,” he chuckles.
I giggle. “Okay. We go and explore the southern part of the island. You live in the southwest, right? I live in the northwest. So we go and look-see at the south.”
He turns and frowns to the southern direction. “I guess so. We can go half-way there. By the time we descend half-way there then it’ll be time to fly half-way home.” He turns and mounts the horse, kicking it as his duchess horse ascends at an angle.
I run and mount my horse and kick her stomach. My duchess horse and I ascend up into the clouds. I see white mist through the clouds and the thicket of green trees, soaring over the landscape of colorful wildflowers and short brush of black. Then I see the mountain. I gasp with shock, whipping out my gem stone and say with a worried brow. “Mountains? They’re high mountains in the south.”
“Yeah. The landscape varies from low lying lands of the north towards the upper regions of the south.”
I study the mountain. “Who lives on top of a barren mountain peak of rock?”
“Bears and wildlife, I guess. No fairies are there. We need to get back before we get into trouble.” Britton turns and swings his horse around, kicking her stomach as the duchess horse soars to the school.
I stare at the rock hard mountain. “Okay.” I turn and swing my horse around, flying back to school.
A few minutes later...We fly over the green meadow of the fairy school. I pull on her mane and slow her pace. The duchess horse understands the hand signal and lands, thumping down over dry grass with a tiny of dirt tornados. I slide off my duchess horse, rubbing and patting her neck, standing in front of her skull.
My duchess horse bows down to Persia and lifts her skull, shaking her sweaty mane side to side and swings around, running over the grass, popping out her wings and ascend up into the white clouds.
I giggle with delight, swinging around and skip to Yachel. She stands and watches her draft horse fly into the clouds too. I come up behind her butthole and stands beside with a smile. “I love flying. This is my favorite class of them all.”
Yachel elbows Persia with a nod and a grin. “We found the fairy fart.”
I gasp. “Where is it?”
She turns and moves to the broken steps outside the fairy school building. “Not here.”
“I know it is not here...”
Yachel and I move into the building and down the hallway.
Music class ends at 02:56 p.m.


03:01 p.m.
5th period Enchantment Class


The door opens.
I enter through the archway without desks again and stand on the wall.
Kaapo stands in the wall corner with a smile and a nod. “Good afternoon, fourth class. This week, you have been learning to steal objects from each other like a thief. Today, you will learn the counter fairy charm to keep your possessions. Protecimus meto. The charm means to literally ‘protect me’ from a robbery or bodily harm. However, there is a catch like always. The fairy charm only works right before something bad is about to happen. O poo! How many times do we know when something bad is about to happen to you? You do not. But, in case, you see it coming, you can recite this fairy charm to whack it away. Let us practice now! And there is another minor little irritating detail with tiny limitation. The fairy charm is also a protection shield around your body. However, it is limited based on your inner fairy strength associated with your external fairy wave. You are very young in chronological years now, today. Therefore, your fairy strength is minor compared to me as a much older and wiser fairy. So please advance one at a time to the closet of lost and dead, retrieving one item.”
I motor boat my lips and whisper to Yachel. “Why can’t we just toss rocks at each other? Then my fairy strength will increase exponentially.”
“Naw, it won’t. She’s right. We’re too young right now, this moment of time.” Yachel stands and scans the teens ahead of her in front of the lost and dead closet.
I stand behind Britton, slapping his back with a giggle for my fun.
He reached back and tries to capture her wandering hands with his hands with a chuckle, reaching and retrieving a small oval shaped basket and spins around with a smile to Persia, raising the basket above his skull. “Watch out. I’ll knock your block off,” chuckling.
I slap his chest, scooting around him and retrieve a small oval shaped weaved basket of hard straw and swing around, moving back to a spot on the wall. “Ya know this would knock ya out if appropriately whacked into my face?”
Yachel reaches and grabs the same object, maybe a little bigger and spins around, moving and standing next to Persia and winks at her guy Stad on the opposite wall.
Kaapo stands in the wall corner with a smile and a nod. “I am safely out of target range. Everyone holds a small weaved basket. The basket is only big enough to hold a small item like a small bag of candy or a palm gem stone or a bucket belt gem stone. Now, you are going to toss the basket at the feet of your opponent on the other side of the room. You will take turns like good fairies, of course. You will recite your fairy charm, waving your gem stone over your body from head to toe. However, a protection shield begins at your toe bones and then moves up to cover your entire body based on your fairy strength.”
The teens moan.
She grins. “Yes. This is a flaw or flaunt of the fairy charm, making you work harder. Now, please recite the fairy charm and feel what happens. Say, Protecimus meto.”
I wave my naked gem stone over my body with a smile, “Protecimus meto.” I giggle and feel a wave flood my body in warmth sensation. However, the wave only covers down from my toe bones up to my kneecaps. I gasp, cringing with terror and look up and face Britton.
He will toss a flying hard basket made of petrified straw at my chest but not my face.
I gasp and frown to the fairy mentor.
Kaapo smiles at the nervous teen fairies. “You cannot see but feel a protection shield which is part of your personal fairy wave but not part of your fairy wave. A fairy wave is used to grab, tote, carry, or transport an object or objects safely and swiftly which is not made of flesh and blood. Else, the object would melt from the wave, becoming destroyed. This particular subset of the fairy wave comes directly from the molecules, blood, tissues, and bones of your own fairy body. Therefore, your body will produce all of it based on your young experience. This is the purpose of fairy school.”
Each teen softly mumbles alone or to a fairy friend.
Kaapo says. “You are ready for the attack. Now, the boys are lined on the side wall...”
“Hey. I’m a boy too. I’m here on the other side.” Gable mouth spits and stands between Apella and Kuelle.
Kaapo grins. “As I was saying, the boys are on one side. You will not toss first. Ladies are first. All the fairies who stand on this side which is opposite of the boys will toss at the opponent equal to your air space on the other side of the room. Your protection shielding is in place. Aim at the naked feet or the wiggling toes or the boot toes only. If any fairy disobeys my rule, then I feel sorry for you. Go.”
I slide my arm behind my waist and fling the basket at the boot toes of Britton as it bounces from his boots and flops back down into the middle of the empty space in the floor. I gasp with shock.
All of the other baskets have landed and scattered around the empty space of the floor too.
I clap with the girls and Gable at the fairy guys and their fairy performance.
Kaapo claps with a grin, “Very good, lady fairies and Gable. Now, it is the boys’ turn. Only pitch and hit at the feet level to the girls on the opposite side, including Gable. Go.”
A set of individual small basket zoom across the floor almost parallel and hit an invisible field of protection and fling into the air, landing on top or beside the lady baskets.
The teens sound with a claps and chuckles.
Kaapo grins, “Very good, gentlemen fairies. Now, everyone, zap a basket back into your hands. You will work with your small basket, soaring and slamming from the toes first and then down to the ankles and then up to the kneecaps, and then up to the hips, and then up to the waist and then keeping going up higher and higher, assisting your opponent to find the cold spot on their body. This is the weak point which can be increased based solely on working out with your gem stone wave. Please…”
Molfalso lifts and tosses his basket with his hand at the nose bridge of Gable.
The aqua ray catches the basket in mid-air.
The teens gasp and clap.
Kaapo sneers. “Fairy Molfalso doesn’t know how to listen first and follow the instructions, second. Therefore, Fairy Molfalso, you will stand in the middle of the room. Each fairy will toss a basket at your feet, working up to your face. I really hope your protection shield extends that far, fairy. Move now!”
Molfalso drops his mouth, moving and stopping with a sneer in the middle of the room.
Some of the male fairies do not wait for the command order from Kaapo as they sail a basket at Molfalso, hitting his legs, his guts, or his chest.
I gasp, swinging my worried brow to see Kaapo.
Kaapo grins with her evil lesson in the wall corner out of harm’s way.
I gently toss my basket at Molfalso near his boot toes, missing with my pity.
Fifty minutes later, Molfalso does a good job of batting the continuous barge of flying hard baskets at his face, protecting his teeth and his nose with both his hands, since his fairy protection shield does not reach that far.
Enchantment class finally ends, after Kaapo commands a stop with an evil smirk.
I hang near the wall, watching the action.
Angry and sweaty Molfalso turns and storms across the tile first to the closed archway.
The door opens.
Yachel and I turn and leave the classroom in silence.
Enchantment Class ends at 04:53 p.m.
At 04:58 p.m., I move down the dark hallway and cuddle to Yachel with a whisper. “That was really nasty and mean…”
She grins, “Told ya! The fairy teachers are not nice here. They like to show off their fangs to the older teens.”
“What fangs? Why are they so mean?”
“Don’t know. Ya gotta ask them. And Kaapo was lying. The protection wave varies by physical body type too. If you’re tall and big, the wave is high. If you’re short and tiny, a smaller wave appears...”
I gasp. “Why didn’t she tell us?”
Yachel turns and stomps up the stairs to the female suite level. “She showed us. Why didn’t you use your protection shielding over your body today?”
“Why didn’t you use yours too?”
“I didn’t learn about it until enchantment class yesterday…”
“I learned to stay busy kissing on Britton….”
Yachel stops and turns with a worried brow to see Persia. “Persia, you will…will almost might need to use the protection shield one day…”
I shake my curls and my tiara. “Why? I got Britton. He’s might personal protection person. Ya like my p’s?” I giggle.
“He will almost might need to use his protection shield one day too. I…I’m getting bathed and come over in a few minutes…”
“Okay.” I turn with a grin to my closed door.
The door opens.


05:28 p.m.
3rd level floor
Bedroom setting of Persia
Dinner mealtime


I bath and select a clean pair of faded and ripped jeans and a clean shirt, standing inside the walk-in closet, dressing. My clothes are washed and laundered by the school brownies and hang in the closet for my use.
The door opens.
Yachel enters the room and stops, scanning the room and the rock and moves to the window, stopping and viewing the landscape through the tiny creaks of glass.
I turn and move out the walk-in closet with a smile and stop in the rear skull of Yachel. “I ready to go…”
She looks out the window through the creaks, seeing the tall trees and the dry grass. “Ya know we have a big problem? How are we going to construct our gem stone casing without the use of a brownie? I am not killing a brownie.”
“Me, either,” I bite my lip with concern. “Our family doesn’t own brownies anyways. But I wouldn’t use them for any type of dangerous work like scooping up a cup of heated liquid over a burping floor either. I feel that Apella and the other teens are cheating by using their household brownies like that. I know. We wait until all our fairy mates have finished with making their individual gem stone shell. Then we can zap our fairy rays freely through the blinding steam and around the wall without killing anyone else.”
Yachel scans the landscape out the window. “That’s a great idea. Except, that means we probably won’t have our gem stone shells finished until the holiday break. That’s in eleven more weeks, Persia.”
I exhale with a puff of sacrifice. “Before holiday is okay with me, then I can show it off to my mom and dad.”
Yachel twirls around with a nod and a smile to see Persia. “Okay, I agree. We watch the other teens do their shell construction without harming any brownie.”
I nod with a smile. My white wall morphs with a set of apricot and light brown swirling lines. I turn and gasp at the colored wall, “My parents? They’re calling me for an updated of my school and social life. Wee, farts, move the dang rocks from the viewing screen. My mom thinks I’m eating these nasty sulfur pills, keeping Britton from my soft pink lips.”
“Yeah, right, okay,” Yachel drops down to the floor, slamming a rock from the bedroom window to the other side of the wall near the entrance door with a thud.
The wall morphs into two heads of black hair with a set of bright smiles.
I run and sit inside the reader-chair, faking a smile to the black hair and white smiles. “Mom and Dad...”
Yachel slams another rock into the wall with a thud.
“My loving parents, how you are doing this fine day? I’m doing great and fine here at fairy school, Mom and Dad…”
Yachel slams another rock into the opposite wall with another thud.
Her mom frowns, darting her eyelashes around the room from Persia but cannot see any movement inside her daughter’s room. “What’s that sound inside your room, honey?”
“Uh, birds?”
Her dad frowns. “Real live flying fowls are inside your private bedroom suite, sweetheart.”
Yachel slams another rock into the opposite wall with a thud again.
I giggle really loud. “Naw, it is rain, heavy downpour here at the fairy school. Then the stupid blind birds run into the windows being stupid, not smart. Thanks for calling. I’m busy...”
Her mom grins. “Did you select your gem stone shell, honey?”
Yachel slams another rock into the wall with a thud also.
Her mom frowns with concern. “You should contact Mentor Daffodil about the flying birds, darling. I can hear them over the air waves too.”
I giggle really loud with a silly grin and a nod. “Yes, ma’am. Yes, sir. I will do that. I selected a gem stone palm shell.”
“Show us, darling.” My dad grins.
I bite my lips. “Uhm, I’m still working on it with the other teens, who are still working on theirs too. Some of the teens are using a household brownie to do the work like grabbing the dipper cup and scooping up the gold liquid from the vat. It’s...”
“It is too bad that we do not own any brownie or two. The workers were inherited and then passed from generation to generation. My parents didn’t own a brownie either. We would lean them out to you to assist with your gem stone work also. But...”
“Dad…” I gasp and frown. “But it is wrong, Dad and Mom...”
“The brownies are servants, serving the fairy family. This is their job.”
I gasp. “But they...”
Yachel slams another rock into the wall with a thud again.
Her mom grins. “Are the sulfur pills working for you, darling?”
I sneer. “Yeah, they’re fine and dandy. Well, I gotta go and practice my protection shield before class tomorrow. Ya never know when I almost might need to use it one day.”
Her parents nod with a smile. Her mom says. “Keep up the good work, fairy. We will see you at holiday break. I love ya, Persia.”
Her dad grins. “Good night, Persia. I love ya too.”
I love you too. Bye.” I fake a smile.
The wall morphs into back into the color of white again.
Yachel stands and wipes off the dust from her blue jeans with a giggle and a grin. “The rocks are moved. Ya know you can send their faces into the reader-tray and not on the wall. So they can’t spy on your room.”
I close my eyelashes, dropping my skull backward into the head rest. “Why doesn’t someone tell me this stuff?”
Yachel moves and leads with a giggle and a grin to the archway. “I just did, doll.”
The door opens.
At 06:21 p.m., Yachel stops on the last step of the common staircase and, scans the semi-dark common hallway to the left and to the right and turns, moving down the darkness.
I move and pull up beside her in silence.
The hallway is empty, since all the other teens are studying inside their room or upstairs on the rooftop, doing foolish teen stuff.
At 06:23 p.m., Yachel stops in front of the closed closet door inside the common hallway.
The door opens. I follow Yachel inside seeing an empty room.
The door closes.
Yachel and I are late for meeting our fairy guys on top of the rooftop after our important decision to not kill any brownie and wait to construct our gem stone shell.
I slowly move up each wooden plank, admiring the pretty cool night of blue and smelling the pine lumber of new. I halt and touch the new staircase, feeling the smooth texture. My mental neurons wonder where the lumber comes from.
During my skyline ride on top of my duchess room this afternoon, I had noticed more short stubby brown grass without a grove of tall green trees.
I jog up the staircase and slam into a tall body that is blocking the entranceway and grunt, slamming my hands into his black cape of glittering sequins, shoving him forward, elbowing my way through the thick bodies of rib cage and a head of long hairs. Finally, I reach the ceiling opening which is the only entrance upward path onto the rooftop on purpose.
Some of the young teens can’t travel vertically, unless they’re assisted or they’re very talented.
I stretch my arm, wearing my gem stone around my wrist like a bracelet. Since I cannot construct my real gem stone shell until whenever. My magenta wave releases and latches to one of the tall roof top poles. I slowly ascend and shove my body over an empty rooftop of wooden planks with a giggle of delight.
The night is cold black with a shiny moonlight for a hot romantic evening until bedtime.


06:32 p.m.
Watcher station setting
Moon light and cool temperatures with bright stars


I unwrap and store my necklace and naked gem stone into my cape. I move and prance around the edge of the rooftop, balancing with both my arms without my naked gem stone and stop at our cute little cubby hole that shows a torn and stained blue and yellow starred flag as our secret room and jerk open the ratty and dull colored curtain.
Britton lounges over the sofa with a grin, patting an empty spot beside him.
I swing around and scoot backwards slamming my body into his body. Britton and I both giggle with silliness.
He leans over and kisses her neck with a chuckle. “Activate your protection shielding. We can practice attacking each other, strengthening our muscles and desires…”
I giggle. “No.”
He kisses her earlobe with a chuckle. “Yeah, it’ll be fun.”
“Naw, it will be dangerous…”
“I’m paralyzed from the waist down. I feel my legs but I can move them side to side for fighting or man-handling. My protection shield only reaches my waist. So do anything ya want to my, babe?”
I gasp and giggle, swinging and landing on top of his body with a grin and a wink. “Yeah, anything I want.” I reach and tickle his underarms with a laugh.
He giggles and fights against her roaming hands.
I tickle his chin with a giggle.
He giggles, fighting and capturing her roaming hands. “Okay. Your turn? Activate your protection shield.”
I whip out my naked gem stone with the dangling necklace and exhale with a puff of frustration. “I’ll be so glad when I can construct my shell. I tired of toting it around like a rock.”
“You should materialize a set of house brownies like Apella too. Then he and she can do the work…”
“No. First, using the brownie is wrong. Second, using the brownie is more wrong. Apella, she…”
“I know. Sorry. I don’t wanna fight with ya. I wanna kiss on ya...”
I wave my magenta gem stone over my body with a grin and a whisper to his face. “Protecimus meto,” I feel the shield as it covers at my hips and down to my toe boots with numbness. I don’t like the feeling, but it protects me against bad stuff.
I think.
Britton flips Persia on the bottom of the ratty sofa, resting on top of her numbness with a grin and a chuckle.
They giggle and wiggle side to side, making a set of lusty feelings in their hearts and their neurons.
I kiss his lips, feeling a set of hands grab my collar bone but not Britton’s hands. His hands touch my face.
I scream and hear as another set of hands cover my mouth.
A dark shadow stands over Persia with a male timber. “Get ‘em.”
I am jerked off from the sofa and into the air to see Britton over the sofa as my wrists are tied behind my back spine.
Another dark shadow without a face or a mouth stands behind the butthole of Britton.
Britton rests on his face over the sofa and is paralyzed from the waist down with his protection shield that has immobile part of his body. The shadow ties both the wrists behind the back spine and covers the face with a blanket.
A different stinky dark blanket slams over my eyelashes too. I struggle side to side with a yell and a sneer with no avail. I stand between the two biceps of a male, smelling his cologne, feeling us lift into the air on top of a heated fairy wave as they are being transported to somewhere.


07:02 p.m.
Basement level location
Dark, wet, and damp setting


They stop and land over a plot of soft ground.
I twist my body and my boot toes around and around without avail as my blanket is removed from my skull. My waists are untied. I gasp with shock at the shadows and reach for my gem stone inside my cape.
Britton reaches and cuddles Persia with a whisper and a stern face, viewing the shadows too. “No. Keep your fairy shielding in place...”
“No. I can’t stand. I am frozen from my legs down to my toe bones.” I stand behind a low single rotten wooden railing beside Britton inside a dark room which is made of wet sparkling wooden walls. Dry and wet red dirt covers the floor base. I lean to him with a whisper and a worried brow. “Where are we?”
“Hold on to me for protection and standing. We might…” He scans the room, dropping his mouth, “The basement.”
I look down and scan the moist damp room for a second time. “This is the basement, smelly and damp.”
“Basements are built into the ground underneath the building. The walls accumulate water, making the room both humid and cold. My house has a basement too. We use it to store junk and old equipment. No one entertains in a basement. And I’ve never been down here…”
“Down here like down in the mud and water of the fairy school.” I gasp with worry. “The flood’s coming. When does the flood hit?” I turn and stare at a black elevated platform of rotten wood, sparkling in moist water droplet underneath a set of dull overhead ancient lamps of light.
Three black shadows, wearing a set of fake pastel colored faces, sit in a row on top of an elevated wooden platform like a stage above the muddy dirt in a set of three metal chairs.
The chair squeals as each body wiggles side to side.
Each shadow wears a black cape, thus a black shadow. Each shadow wears a colored face mask that shows a set of closed eyelids which is outlined in bold black around the eye sockets, two punched out rounded nose holes in black tint, and a smile of real enamel white teeth.
This is a fairy projection of a fake face with a real fairy inside which I can’t do yet as I am only in fourth class.
Britton turns and chuckles at the row of shadows. “This is a…”
The middle shadow wears a red colored mask with a set of black outlined two closed eyelids, two punched out and rounded nose holes in black, frowning with a set of black colored lips. “Quite.”
I do not recognize the student fairies from the first class as they are all seventeen years old, turning with a sour frown to see Britton’s nose profile.
He stares and sneers at the row of older fairies too.
The middle shadow smiles through the red colored face. “Welcome to Fairy Court. I am Judge Middle. On my right side is Judge Right. My left side is Judge Left.”
Britton laughs. “Where’s Judge Wrong?”
I chuckle and exhale with a puff of annoyance, rolling my eyeballs with frustration and wrap my arms around Britton for protection and standing upright in my numb legs and toe bones.
They don’t have metal chairs and stand side by side, slipping and sliding in the semi-wet mud from this morning’s flooding.
Judge Middle aims his ring gem stone at the fourteen-year-old female fairy and then the male fairy. “You have broken the rules at Fairyland.”
I look down and view my muddy boot toes with a slightly red face of embarrassment, breaking a rule at Academy, sneaking around the campus during the night. But I would have thought the sentencing would have been carried out by the mentors and not the students of fairy school.
Britton laughs. “I like participating in fun games but not childish nonsense, Calan. It’s very late at night. I am leaving...”
“Stay put. This will not take that long.” Judge Left wears a pink colored mask and touches her gem stone nose ring with a lady sneer.
Britton exhales. “Children do not rule Fairyland.”
Judge Middle grins at Britton and Persia, “I am called Judge Middle. You and you got caught, escaping from Fairyland without the proper credentials like a collector or a controller. It is forbidden to leave Fairyland by the Fairy Queen.”
I say with a puzzled brow and a whisper. “I didn’t know that.”
Judge Right wears a blue mask with a set of outlined black closed eyelids and a set of red lips, pointing to Persia with a sneer. “She is one of them.”
Britton shakes his skull. “I’m too tired and too angry to play your silly games, Calan.”
“Why were you and her at the watcher station?” Judge Middle jabs a finger at Persia.
I eye roll without answering, leaning into the Britton with a grin.
Judge Right jabs a finger at Persia with a sneer. “Why were you using the spying glasses at the watcher station?”
I eye roll without answering, leaning into the Britton with a grin.
Judge Left jabs a finger at Persia with a sneer. “Why do you rein your unicorn with a pair of leather straps?”
I laugh. “I’ll enjoy answering that question. I’ve been riding beasts for many years, since I was a very young child about four years old. I was taught to ride a beast by reining with leather straps, so I do not fall off the horse, foolish fairy fart.”
Judge Middle sneers at Persia. “Horse? You can fly a winged horse like a collector?”
I do not answer, wanting them to think what I can or cannot do.
The other two shadows lean over and huddle around Judge Middle with a set of whispered words.
I lean to Britton with a sour frown and a whisper. “Is this an academy game or sport? I do not know about this thing. Do you know? How are we supposed to act like scared bunny rabbits? I’m not scared. I’m mad.”
“Me, too, I didn’t know anything either. I’m not aware of any type of academy sport called, a Fairy Court. I strongly suggest that we play along. Then after a few minutes, they’ll have their fun and then we can leave.”
The other two shadows sit back into the metal chairs with a smirk and a sound of squeaks. 
Judge Middle looks and grins to Persia and Britton. “We have decided.”
Judge Left lifts his arm with a lemon yellow gem stone wrist watch and a smirk to Britton. “I wanna do it.”
Judge Middle caresses her mauve gem stone nose ring with a frown to Persia. “You did it last time, Ushe. It’s my turn now.”
I whisper to Britton’s face, watching the three older fairies. “What are they talking about?”
Britton exhales. “Don’t know. But, I think one of those sorry fairies is going to zap us with their gem stone for some silly or painful reason. I’ll protect you and me with my gem stone, thou.” He cuddles Persia, rubbing his gem stone.
I whisper. “I can, too.”
“When the one releases their gem stone, you get behind me, Persia. I’m stronger, learning to be a collector. A collector is a fairy guard. I’ll protect both of us.”
I turn and stare into his pretty aqua eyes with friendship and love. “I’m strong too. But I’m both nervous and mad. I’ll allow you the honor of zapping their fannies off their pig squeaking metal chairs, this time.”
He smiles at the three older fairies. “Thanks, doll. I’ll reward you for that.”
“My turn,” Judge Right presses her nose ring, releasing and shooting out a mauve fairy wave at Persia.
I scream and back step from the attack as the mauve fairy wave hits and flows around my body.
Britton grabs Persia from falling backward in the mud.
I fall forward into his chest, feeling both nervous and scared and then unchanged and mad. I wobble inside his biceps from angry, turning and jabbing a finger at each judge with a sneer. “You cannot zap a charm at a fairy from another fairy. It doesn’t work like that.”
Britton releases Persia.
I stand beside Britton with a nod and a growl of angry.
Judge Middle smirks to Persia. “You are correct for quoting the fairy lore.”
Judge Right grins to Persia. “We shall see.”
Judge Left shots a lemon yellow fairy wave at Britton.
Britton jerks his arms into his chest, blocking the lemon yellow wave with his dark blue gem stone as the lemon yellow wave flings out from his body and then surrounds him.
Judge Left snarls. “Gotcha, son.”
Britton chuckles, “Naw! You missed, honey poo.”
The three judges release a fairy wave from each gem stone and surround each body and disappear from the elevated platform.
I gasp. “Where did they go?”
He reaches and flexes his biceps around Persia with a smile. “Fairy magic, they didn’t go anywhere. They run away from me and my might fairy powers.”
I drop my mouth. “What was this thing?”
He laughs. “We’re fourth class. Calan and Ushe are first class. I guess a weird initiation for the fourth class which included us, doll.”
“I guess I feel mad, not weird.”
“Did your body get hurt from their fairy wave?”
I shake my curls. “Naw, a fairy charm can’t affect another fairy. I feel fine and dandy with my man,” smiling.
He chuckles and cuddles Persia, “Me, too. Let’s go and see who else got initiated tonight.” He lifts his gem stone to the ceiling and ignites his dark blue wave, sending it into one of many the dark hole in the ceiling.
Britton and I fly up and land inside the dark hallway of the fairy school again, moving down the darken hallway to the twin student staircase.
I stop and kiss his face, pulling back with a grin and turn and stroll up my staircase to the second level.
Britton turns with a grin and a chuckle and struts up the parallel staircase into the male wing.
5th day Fairy Academy


08:03 a.m.
Banquet room setting
Breakfast meal
Warm temperatures with light wind and cloudy


The door opens.
I slowly stroll into the banquet room, dragging my cape and not sleeping well last night. I was dreaming about being kidnapped over and over again. I yawn and slide into the chair, looking down at my bread.
Yachel tears the bread, spreading the butter, scanning the room and opens her mouth, scanning the room and eats the bread.
I look behind my collar bone to see Britton with a yawn. He lifts his arms and wiggles his fingers, telling about the fairy tale of our kidnapping in the basement like he’s my fairy hero. I turn and view my empty plate and my best friend.
Yachel chews on Persia’s bread, after stealing and buttering it, scanning the room of teens.
I lean to Yachel with a whisper. “I got initiated, last night.”
Yachel drops her knife, swallowing and turning with a sour frown to see Persia. “Last night? You were brutally kidnapped too...”
I gasp. “You, too? When did this happen?”
“On our second night here at the school, we were up our cubby hole on top of the rooftop and then down in the basement with the wet mud.”
I feel better that Britton and I were not the only fourth class students humiliated on the first week of school. I whisper. “It was silly nonsense fun. I was stealing a kiss from Britton when they grabbed me…”
“Me and Stad were both attacked then dragged off the rooftop on our first night. The students wore black capes.”
I gasp. “Why were we both grabbed from inside our cubby hole on top of the watcher station? Why did they do it?”
She exhales. “It’s a ritual for the first class to annoy the other lower classes, anytime and anyhow in fairy school. It happens to each year.” Yachel turns and scans the table with the seventeen years old and the black fairy capes. “I don’t know who Calan and Ushe are, but I will find out. And that girl who possessed that mauve gem stone? That wicked girl is mine to do with as I please…”
I gasp. “I was hit with her mauve fairy ray too.”
She stares at the seventeen-year-old teens with a sneer. “The color of mauve is commonness. So, she is a commonness fairy, who will be wearing a commonness black eye…”
I steal back the uneaten part of my bread with a giggle and a whisper. “Look! It was an initiation as Fourth Class.”
She chews. “Don’t know. I didn’t really like the initiation. I felt scared, nervousness, mad and different…”
I chew and swallow, “Me, too. It was great fun, last night. But now, it’s all done for the rest of the school year. I’ve calmed down, thinking it fun and games, making our fourth class special and different for the rest of my life. And I feel kinda different too.” I reach and drink my milk.
Yachel turns and scans the room of teens. “Shh. We shouldn’t talk about it.” She looks up at the repaired ceiling and back to Persia with a stern face and a nod. “We shouldn’t tattle to anyone about either.”
I chew the bread with a nod.
Daffodil finishes her announcements of something.
I stand, allowing the bread crumbs to fall down to the floor.


08:12 a.m.
1st period Blacksmith Shop


The door opens.
I move inside last in the line into the dark room, stopping and standing at my assigned work station and look down at my work station. My poor hollow palm metal case sits in the middle of the blackness and the coolness.
And then I hear.
“Comhertumi, Walter…”
“Comhertumi, Florence…”
“Comhertumi, Humphrey…”
“Comhertumi, Rebecca…”
I turn to see numerous brownies at the feet of each teen fairy master or mistress.
Each life form has a head of long gray hair down to its fanny which is tied back into a ponytail. The eyes are slanted sideways, twinkling with a set of blue tints of color. The skin is muddy brown from its forehead down to its naked toes. The face is rounded with a flat nose and a set of thin lips without any cheekbones like a fairy. The life form possesses two arms and two legs, wearing a long white dirty dress with a series of numerous colored patches from wore and repair. And it wears a pair of open flat sandals.
I lean into the rear skull of Yachel with a whisper. “They all look alike.”
Yachel nods. “They are one species like fairies. Yeah. They are all going to die alike too.”
I nod with sadness, studying my fairy mates.
“Re, grab me a dipper cup.” Kuelle points to the wall with a smile and her order. The brownie slowly turns from the legs of Kuelle, looking down and studying the wall. Kuelle releases her lilac wave and wraps it around the brownie, lifting and slamming the brownie into the wall of metal cups.
Numerous dipper cups wiggle and fall on the floor.
And the floor opens and burps after eating each silver metal.
Stad turns and sneers to her. “Careful, Kuelle, your brownie…”
The brownie grabs the cup and falls to the floor. The floor cracks and opens with fission, sucking down a screaming brownie, closing up the fission.
And the floor burps.
“Awe, double farts.” Kuelle says with a sour frown, “Comhertumi, Richard…” A new brownie appears but he is shorter and below her kneecaps. She points to the wall with a smile and her command, “Get me a dipper cup, now, Ric.”
Apella says. “Comhertumi, Zachary.” The brownie appears below her kneecaps. Apella releases and wraps he golden wave around its waistline, lifting him from the floor. “Take this. O.”
Eadric is a tall king-sized male with a head of short brown hair, a tone of pale tinted skin, and a pair of green colors eyes. He turns and laughs at Apella. “It won’t work, dumb fairy. Ya gotta place the cold rock over the gold boiling gold liquid with the tongs and your fairy magic, Apella.”
Apella turns and frowns at Eadric, “Backyagoim, Richard.” The brownie smiles and disappears from the blacksmith shop.
Gable points the wall with his mouth spit and his order to his brownie. “Flo, get me a cup before Kuelle destroys the entire inventory, please.” He rubs his gem stone, releasing and wrapping a lime green fairy wave around the brownie. The brownie lifts and guides to the wall, slamming into a floating second brownie that comes from Britton’s dark blue wave.
Britton yells, “Out of my way, Gabbie’s runt.” He gasps with shock.
Both brownies wiggle and wobble side to side and fall down from each fairy wave, landing on the floor.
The floor cracks and opens with a new fission, sucking both brownies down into fission, closing the hole.
And then the floor burps.
Apella grabs a set of tongs with her golden wave and cuddles the cold instrument, positions her stone between the tongs, biting her tongue and swings the tongs over the boiling gold liquid.
Britton turns and sneers to Gable. “You own my daddy a brownie.”
“Naw,” Gable turns and mouth spits at Britton. “You sir, own my mom a brownie first.”
Another brownie floats in the air and collides with a second brownie. Both the brownies scream and fall on the floor. The floor cracks and opens with a new fission, sucking down both screaming brownies into the fire, closing up the crack.
And then the floor burps.
Apella continues to swing her gem stone over the gold liquid, centering the stone in the middle of her earring shell.
I cover my ears with the horrible screams, seeing with my eyeballs the horrible screams, in case, one of the brownie flies to me. I lean into my work station. The work station is not hot or cold but merely warm, holding my palm metal case without my gem stone.
Zann, Stad, Yachel, Nabell, Hadwin, and I do not sum a brownie for our gem stone shell construction.
My family doesn’t possess a set of brownies for some reason. So I patiently wait and horribly watch as each cute brownie is raised up by a wave of each fairy and then horribly dies inside the floor crack, after being sucked down into its death.
Ninety minutes later, the last short house brownie is sucked down into the fission as the fission closes. And then the floor burps.
Apella slowly drops her golden gem stone down into the center of the gold liquid as it bounces back from the gold and in the air.  She catches it with a sour frown of defeat, cuddling the cool gem stone to her breasts.
The entrance door opens.
Daffodil stands in the archway with a grin and a giggle, moving around the room, studying each work station and stops in the middle of the room with a smile and a nod in the steamed room. “Tomorrow is another fairy day.” She turns and leaves the room.
I turn and move with a sour frown out the room too.
Blacksmith Shop ends at 09:57 a.m.


10:01 a.m.
2nd period Fairy Lore Class


The door opens.
I move behind Yachel into the classroom, stopping at her reader-chair, leaning into her face with a sour frown and a whisper. “I can’t believe that Daffodilly approves of using the poor little brownies for the gem stone construction.”
Yachel exhales, “Told ya! The teachers are showing their fake fairy fangs, this year.”
I move ahead and then scoot down into my reader-chair, placing my elbows on the reader-tray and my face into my palms with both sadness and frustration.
Ibbie stands in the wall corner in her sparkling aqua gem stone outfit with a smile and a nod to each fairy. “Who would like to present this morning?”
Stad stands from his reader-chair with a grin, moving to the front of the room and stops. However, he does not place his pale yellow gem stone into the pocket slot on the wall behind his butthole. He looks with a smile and a nod to each fairy. “Okay. I’m ready for my oral presentation. I got the fairy word, proclamation. I really wanted the fairy tale word, parents. But my good fairy and hairy buddy Molfalso got the fairy tale word, parents. So, I really didn’t know the meaning of the fairy tale word, proclamation. But, my good buddy Molfalso helped here. Right, good hairy and fairy buddy?”
Molfalso sits inside his reader-chair with a grin and a nod. “I certainly thoroughly enjoyed helping my good fairy and hairy buddy Stad do a tiny bit of his Fairy Lore research on his fairy tale word, proclamation. The fairy tale word took us many, many milliseconds, seconds, minutes, hours and days to find the true fairy tale meaning of a proclamation.”
My reader-chair turns to Molfalso as I see him grin and nod inside his reader-chair.
Stad clears his throat, fidgeting side to side in front of the room. “Okay.”
My reader-chair twists to view Stad in front of the room as I frown with puzzlement of the fairy lore presentation.
Stad grins, “Me and my fairy and hairy buddy Molfalso figured out the meaning the fairy tale word, proclamation…”
Apella sits inside her reader-chair with a sour frown. “The most important fairy queen proclamation is that you cannot escape from Fairyland. It is a crime to leave to Fairyland…”
I frown and fingernail write on top of my reader-tray at Yachel… Is it a crime to leave Fairyland?


Yachel grins and fingernail writes on her reader-tray back to Persia… Is Apella ever going to stop talking when it is not her turn to talk?


Giggle. When the dirt freezes with a second ice age maybe?


Giggle. Giggle. Are you going into the watcher station tonight?


Yachel grins and fingernail writes on her reader tray back to Persia…Yeah.


On the last row of reader-chairs, fairy Gable sits inside his reader-chair with a sour frown. “You are totally illogical, Apella. The controller has to leave from here to there.”
My reader-chair twists to Gable as I stare at him with a giggle with amusement at the weird fairy lore presentation.
Apella says. “You do not understand, Fairy Gable. The fairy controller leaves a trail of fairy dust from here to there which can be traced with her gem stone color. This is a connection from here to there. I am referencing when a fairy, who is not a collector or controller, escapes from Fairyland for some type of fun adventure or malice trip…”
My reader-chair turns to Apella as I stop it and stare at Stad in front of the wall with a wicked grin.
Gable mouth spits with laughter. “Fairy girl, you’re licking some bad honeycombs. Fairies do not never wanna purposeful leave from here in Fairyland.”
Stad grins. “Another fairy proclamation is that a fairy cannot eat honey.”
I gasp and fingernail write to Yachel…Fairies cannot eat honey, why not?
In front of the classroom, Apella grins. “That statement is part of our fairy history centuries ago. The boggarts or the bad fairies were turned into the short brownies when the honey got stuck up their a...”
Ibbie drops her mouth. “Apella…”
“...arrogant attitudes,” Apella giggles. “The earth mineral honey morphed them into something weak and meek. So the fairy queen granted all good fairies a gem stone. However, a gem is really a sliced up rock by usage of your fairy magic. The rock is another earth mineral like honey. But only the mineral of honey can harm or morph or destroy a fairy, if used by that violent method.”
I gasp and finger write to Yachel… Where is this fingernail written?


Yachel grins and fingernail-writes to Persia… My mom told me. I guess her mom told Apella too.


Inside the wall corner, Ibbie frowns. “Thank you, Miss Apella for lecturing on the fairy tale word of proclamation…”
Molfalso lifts his arm, pointing down to his crimson gem stone with a chuckle and a cheer to Stad. “Three minutes has expired, my hairy and fairy friend Stad.”
My reader-chair spins to Molfalso as I gasp with shock.
Molfalso and the other males sound with a series of claps and chuckles with amusement in the rear of the room on the last row.
Stad lifts his arm with a chuckle and a grin.
My reader-chair swirls to see Stad in front of the class as I realize too late that Stad was slowly talking with his words, wasting the three minutes of time for his oral presentation. Then he conned Apella into answering for his fairy tale word, proclamation.
Ibbie drops and closes her mouth with a smile and a nod to Stad. “Master Stad, you have provided your fairy class with another enlightening hot topic of Fairy Lore for the morning. I guess that I must award you an A plus, plus, too for orally speaking your Fairy Lore presentation over the three-minute mark.”
I slap a hand over my mouth of giggles from Stad’s slick fairy lore presentation.


Yachel grins and fingernail writes to Persia… You were supposed have done that first.


Both of my pointy elbows burn as I look down to the sentence with a smile. I giggle and fingernail write to Yachel… Yup! A lost opportunity, now.


Some of the fairies gasp with shock of the presentation. The other fairies clap with glee, mostly the male ones.
Ibbie exhales. “Is there another fairy tale word for the morning?”
Hadwin stands from his reader-chair in the rear of the room with a grin, slowly strutting to the front of the classroom and swings around with a nod and a smile to each fairy.
Ibbie frowns at the nose profile of Hadwin. “I missed the scam with Stad. I am not that dumb, Hadwin. Where is your visual presentation inside your gem stone? Or please, place your essay upon the wall for our eyesight.”
Hadwin turns and grins to Ibbie. “No ma’am. I got a really a good show and can tell ya with a visual presentation. I got the fairy tale word, haunts. I really wanted the fairy tale word, house. But missed it...”
Ibbie sneers. “Please, present your oral presentation, Hadwin. Or I will be honored to award an F plus, plus for you and for the day in Fairy Lore class…”
Kuelle frowns. “Fairies don’t fail Fairy Academy, Mentor Ibbie.”
My reader-chair starts to turn as I mentally halt the chair and giggle with the funny class time in fairy lore today.
Stad claps and chuckles inside his reader chair. “Right! There’s another fairy proclamation from the queen to add to…”
Ibbie growls, “Please begin your fairy tale presentation, Hadwin.”
Hadwin swings around with a grin to the white wall but he does not place his naked gem stone into the pocket. Instead, he knocks on the wall with a grin and a chuckle.
The other fairies sound with a series of giggles and chuckles.
He back steps from the wall as the solid white wall ripples side to side. Then the rippling turns into vertical streams of white smoke. Then the white smoke turns into a white ghost.
I gasp with shock.
Eadric gasps and points to the ghost with a worried brow. “Hey! That’s the he-ghost, who haunts me every night inside my private sleeping room.”
Hadwin swings around to see each fairy with a nod and a smile. “Yeah, I thought of the nightly haunts too. So I invited our friendly he-ghost as my visual presentation of my captured fairy tale word, haunts. Everyone, I would like to present Captain Robert…”
Ibbie slams her shoulders deeper into the wall corner with a worried brow, “He-ghost? You…you called forth Captain Robert into my class room…”
Captain Robert flies and floats in the front of the wall, slowly scanning each face of the fairies and laughs with a demonic tone, swinging to Ibbie. “Boo!”
The teen fairies yell and stand from each reader-chair, turning and running to the archway.
The door opens.
Yachel sits inside her reader chair and points with a giggle and a nod to Captain Robert.
Ibbie screams, sliding sideways over the wall and slams into the first reader-chair.
Captain Robert leans down to her fanny with a laugh. “Boo! Boo! Boo...”
Ibbie falls down into the wall, standing and screaming to the door. “Leave! Get out! You get an A plus, plus, Hadwin. Uoo!” she leaves her classroom with the group of ghosts, floating and chasing behind her butthole.
I hide inside my reader-chair with a laugh and stand with a giggle.
Fairy Lore Class has ended at 10:25 a.m.


10:26 a.m.
Hallway setting


The door closes.
I slam into the rotten smelly wall, running away from the other ghosts that have joined up with Captain Robert as they chase after the other teen fairies, creating chaos in the dark hallway too.
Yachel moves and cuddles Persia, wrapping her cape about the both of them protecting them from the new set of ghosts and slowly walks down the dark hallway with a grin and a giggle. “Ya gotta ignore them when they act crazy like this. That’s the secret. The ghosts get thrilled with hearing the screams and shouts from the scared little fairy farts,” giggling.
Britton and I slowly move and enter Gem Class with a set of giggles and smiles.


10:30 a.m.
Auditorium setting


Britton and I move through the dark tunnel and enter the auditorium, turning and sitting in the empty row of the bleachers.
Oviv is still teaching her class.
I stand and rub my dress with my gem stone in exchange for my blue jeans and sit, lifting my boot toes on top of the lower bleacher with a giggle and a grin. “Why are the fairies scared of the ghosts?”
Yachel changes into her blue jeans and lifts her boot toes on the same bleacher with a smile. “Don’t know, maybe, because the ghosts haunt and attack the other stupid fairies at midnight. I’d be scared if Captain Robert invaded my room too. Do you remember last year in Fourth Class?”
“I remembered and recalled collecting earth rocks, holding the nasty ghosts at bay. They don’t really boo and moan as much as whack things around inside your room. Or they hang over your face, creating a set of cold ice icicles over my nose.”
Yachel laughs. “Hadwin was so cool in presenting the he-ghost for his fairy tale word, haunts. I was going to do the same thing. Great minds think alike. Stad was slick too with wasting his three minutes with fairy farts from Apella and Gable. Greater minds think alike.”
“Did you coach him?”
“No, darling! I did not coach him. Malicious hairy and fairy buddy Molfalso coached him and his wicked self. That boy is pure evil against the fairy mentors.”
I grin. “I understand the feeling.”
More of the Fourth Class fairies move and stomp into the auditorium with a set of giggles or a set of curses.
Apella rushes between the fairies and through the dark tunnel, stopping and mouth spitting into the confused face of Oviv, thumbing behind her collar bone with a set of whispered words.
Oviv gasps and grabs her choker, moving and running through the dark tunnel with her command. “Fifth Class is dismissed. Fourth Class, get out into the field right now. I’ll be back.”


11:01 a.m.
3rd period Gem class


I stand with a giggle and a grin, slowly move around the cracks in the wooden bleachers, over the dull and smelly carpet holes and out into the fresh air and pretty sunshine, falling into an empty spot between Yachel and Britton.
The other teens join Persia forming a semi-crooked line like always, laughing and talking with a good time.
Oviv rushes out the building, reattaching her choker around her throat, stops and stands in front of the students, pacing to the start of the line.
Apella stands in the first position like always, trying to be the future fairy queen.
Oviv studies Apella and two-steps to Gable with a smile and a nod. “Today marks the end of the first week for Fairy Academy...”
Yachel leans to the right eardrum Persia with a moan. “Only thirty-five more weeks to go before summertime.”
I nod with a giggle.
Britton leans to the left eardrum Persia with a moan. “Only eleven more weeks to go before holiday.”
I nod with a giggle again.
Oviv moves and stops, reaching and touching fairy Nabell by the arm and fairy Walcott by the arm, ordering. “Both of you switch places.”
Nabell and Walcott move and switch standing spots in the dead grass.
Oviv moves down the line of teens, saying via her throat choker. “You have done a good job this week, so far. You started out extending and expanding your gem stone wave to the forest trees and beyond...”
“Gable destroyed most of trees. Does he get a second gem stone too, Mentor Oviv?” Molfalso laughs.
Oviv moves down the line of teens, saying via her throat choker. “You have perfected extending your gem stone wave both vertically and horizontally. You have soared from the ground to up the clouds about twenty feet without any injuries. I am so happy to report to you and Mentor Daffodil. Today, we have a new exercise and a new purpose. Eadric and Kubelle, please switch spots.”
Eadric and Kubelle move and switch their standing positions on the dry grass.
I lean to Yachel with a whisper. “What’s she doing?”
Yachel stares the nose profile of Oviv. “Don’t know.”
Oviv moves down the rest of the line, inspecting the teens and spins around, moving and standing in middle of the fairies with a smile and a nod. “I have the great pleasure to provide a new announcement for you, fairies. The purpose of your flight is for your participation in the upcoming queen coronation, next year.”
The teens gasp.
Oviv grins. “The fairy queen coronation will be held during the springtime days, next year. Therefore, we have all year and some of next year to prepare for the very important event. Since the fairy queen has ordered all the teen fairies to participate in the fairy queen coronation parade too.”
The teens cheer and clap.
Yachel slowly clap with a sour frown. “What farting for?”
I slowly clap with a confused brow. “Don’t farting know.”
Britton leans to Persia with a smile and a whisper. “I’ve never seen a fairy queen coronation event...”
Apella say via her gem stone for all eardrums. “A fairy queen coronation is like a big birthday party. The fairy queen will be celebrating her...”
“Yes.” Oviv says via her throat choker for all eardrums. “Thank you, Fairy Apella. This is the reason that the fairy queen wants all the young people in her coronation parade. So we will start practicing, today. You will be required to soar above the parade route, riding on your gem stone wave at about the height of forty feet. This is the reason for practicing the wave above ground level which is normally not ever needed for a fairy. We do not run around, riding individual gem stone waves for fun, since it is being too dangerous for everyone. However, you will be riding a wave for a special event. You are standing paired boy, girl, boy, girl. I want the fairy belle on the left of the fairy male to grab his hand.”
The teens cheer.
I grab and hold Britton’s hand with a smile, swinging our hands back and forth with a giggle of love.
Oviv says. “You will be flying in pairs, which is most difficult to accomplish, at best. We should start out flat on the ground. You will activate your wave and then step onto your individual wave. Then you will stand in the middle of your fairy wave and not on the edge either. If you stand on the edge, your fairy wave will wobble and tilt sideways and then you will become injured. And I will get into big trouble. We will practice in boy-girl pairs here every day until we perfect the maneuver for the fairy queen coronation parade.”
Kuelle does not touch Eadric’s hand. “We don’t hold hands during the flying part.”
Oviv shakes her curls, making her tiara sparkle in the sunlight. “No. You do not hold hands. I am making you do it today, so we can select the proper riding partner. I must pair compatible riders for the upcoming fairy queen coronation parade. I do not want one of you falling on top of the queen’s tiara. Hmm, I do not see every hand being attached to a girl.”
Gable frowns. “Apella smells...”
Apella gasps and jerks her hand into the air from Gable. “I beg your pardon, fairy fart boy. You smell like a brownie that hasn’t bathed in three years. And I should know the nasty smell, having a house full of brownies, who enjoy annoying my parents with their unclean sanitary body habits,” she smiles. “My sweet fragrance is daffodil perfume, a flower.”
Gable laughs, “A farting smell...”
Oviv says. “Hold her hand, Master Gable.”
Gable mouth spits on the fingertips with a grin and turns to extend his wet hand to Apella.
She shakes her curls and her tiara with disgust, lifting and releasing her golden wave to the burnt forestland.
Oviv nods. “Please ignite your wave over the ground soil and stand upright on top of the wave and do not kneel. I will be checking your posture. Good posture is important when riding a wave.”
I lift and aim my necklace with my naked gem stone, shooting my magenta wave to the tree line without burning the forest down, slowly walking over my wave and hold Britton’s hand.
And then I slide away from him.
My hand drops down to my kneecaps and up in the air for balance. I hold my naked gem stone with my left hand. I say with a sour frown. “This is hard. I normally use a right hand to hold my stone. My left doesn’t know what to do.” My wave wobbles side to side with my left hand.
Britton reaches and grabs Persia’s extended hand on top of his dark blue wave as his waves wobbles side to side. Then they both slip and fall out their fairy wave with a chuckle. He frowns. “This is hard. Now, I see why we don’t hold hands.”
Oviv says. “This is very difficult. Please stand and do not hold hands and walk slowly along the wobbling wave to maintain your stability.”
I stand with a giggle on top of my fairy wave. Britton stands with a smile on top of his dark blue fairy wave. We slowly walk down our individual wave, balancing with our free arm.
I turn and view Yachel and Stad.
They wobble side to side, trying to catch each other’s hand with a smile, falling over each other’s body with a chuckle for fun.
I turn and view Gable and Apella.
They are the same height. He barely touches her middle finger. She sneers at his face and his hand. But they both present a good steady walk over their individual fairy wave which is flat on the ground.
Oviv moves and stands to the side in the dry grass, saying into her throat choker. “Good job to Gable and Apella. If everyone follows their lead, then everyone will be perfect their wave walk.”
I turn and shake my curls and my tiara to Britton, stretching and trying to touch is hand and fall on my face again with a giggle of fun.
140th day Fairy Academy


07:58 a.m.
Banquet room setting
Breakfast meal
Warm temperatures with partly sunny


I dance down the dark hallway with a hum and a song. “Four more days of school then my holiday break. Four more days of school and then my holiday break...”
The door opens.
I enter the banquet room with a smile and halt with a giggle, seeing that my fairy fourteen-year- old table is empty, except for Yachel.
Yachel has piled an array of numerous slices of fresh bread from each empty seat onto her single slightly repaired dish.
I prance with a giggle an empty chair beside Yachel, lifting and cramming my bread into my mouth and chew.
Yachel chews and swallows with a grin. “Told ya! We’re all alone today.”
Mentor Daffodil stands on top of the elevated platform, saying into her palm gem stone with a smile and a nod. “Good morning, fairies. Welcome to another wonderful day of Fairy Academy. Please break the bread for our first fest of the day.”
I chew and swallow. “Four more days of school and then my holiday break…”
Yachel chews and swallows with a grin. “Told ya! We’re the only two left in blacksmith shop for the rest of the year.”
I chew and swallow. “Four more days of school and then my holiday break…”
“Told ya. We are almost done.”
I swallow. “Told me what?”
She chews and swallows with a grin. “Our fairy mates finished constructing their shells, yesterday. We’re the last two fairies to finish our gem stone shells, today.”
I chew and swallow. “Ah.”
“We got the steamy dark cave to our sweet beings so no more flying fairy wave colors.”
“Ah.”
“You can go first, getting your cup and dip out your gold and then pour over your shell.”
“Ah.”
“Then we are done with blacksmith shop foreverly.”
“How long does it take to cook the shell in the gold?”
“About ten minutes or less, our shell has much smaller parts and pieces than Stad’s belt buckle. And cooking is the easy part. The hard part…”
“I know.” I finish my bread and my milk, standing.
Daffodil grins, “We have finished our bread. Please go to your assigned classrooms for the start of a wonderful day.”


09:50 a.m.
Hallway setting


I finally finished the construction my gem stone shell using the entire ninety minutes of blacksmith shop time, after dropping my dipper cup five times.
Then, I had dropped a full dipper cup with gold, seven times. Then, I had dropped the tongs twice. The floor had a good meal for the day without a brownie for dessert.
Then, I had fought with the gem stone, falling into the center of the boiling gold six times.
And finally, the gem stone had been placed into the center of the gold by a wiggling pair of tongs. Then, the oven had sucked up the table surface.
Two minutes later, the oven had flashed in blazing magenta colors.
I had jerked my palm shell out, holding my gem stone from the oven, wrapping it around my fingers.
Now, I slowly move out from the blacksmith shop, wiping the sweat from my hair, my face, and my clothes with my new golden palm shell. The fit is good. The feel is great. The gold is smooth and silky. I smile at my newest achievement at Fairy Academy.
And my hair, face, and clothes dry to perfection.


10:01 a.m.
2nd period Fairy Lore Class


The door opens.
I enter through the archway, looking up with a smile to see Britton, raising my palm with a nod in silence.
Britton waves back with a nod and a grin to Persia and her new palm shell.
I scoot into my reader-chair, plopping my elbows over the reader-tray, touching and admiring my new golden palm shell.
Ibbie stands in the wall corner with a smile and a nod. “Good morning, fairies. Does any fairy feel like sharing their oral presentation with the class today?”
I touch my new palm shell with a smile of the shininess and silkiness.
Ibbie frowns. “We are approaching thirty days without a new presentation from the fourth class.”
The door opens.
Ibbie turns and moves to the archway with her command. “So please continue to work on your assignment…”
The door closes.
My fingers caress the smooth gold as my eyeballs admire the shiny golden shell.
The thin shell fit perfectly into my cupped hand like fairy magic. My gem stone twinkles under the artificial lamps inside my reader-chair.
The tiny links of gold chain run up, down, and sideways around my fingers. I flex my fingers and feel the smooth gold between the soft skin flesh of my hand with a smile.
I slightly raise my hand, twisting the palm shell to the white wall.
Ibbie would faint, if I released a gem stone ray at the wall, destroying it as I giggle with my evil mental thought.
My wrist arches beautifully, allowing a pretend gem stone wave to attack the wall inside my vivid imagination. I shoot my pretend fairy ray and retract it into my hand and away from my body with a giggle of my invisible adventure.
I cuddle my hand with a smile, holding the palm shell, admiring the glittering colors of purple, red, blue, and black sparkles.
I gently caress the stone, feeling the hotness of the gem which has molded to the smoothness of the gold. The object is both beauty and badness rolled into oneness as I giggle with my silliness.
The door opens.
Ibbie enters her class room.
The door closes.
Ibbie stops and stands in front of the class. “Fairy Lore class time has ended. Fairies, you are dismissed.”
I gasp, scanning the room with forgetfulness of not working on my oral presentation during the class time and giggle, scooting out of my reader-chair, looking down and admiring my palm shell and run into the butthole of Yachel.
Yachel and I both giggle, moving to the archway, admiring our new gem stone shells.


10:58 am.
Hallway setting


Yachel rubs the gold and the gem, feeling the silkiness with a smile. “I still ain’t finished my class assignment for Ibbie. So I’m going to be the last presentation in fairy lore on the last day of school right before we get out for the summertime days. Ya, too?”
I touch the gold and the gem with a grin. “Yeah. Me, too, too. Except, I still can’t find any additional information on my fairy tale word, pixies.”
“You should attack from an indirect angle.”
“How?” I rub the gold and the gem, feeling the smoothness with a smile. My palm shell was constructed this morning without any brownie assistance.
She rubs the gem and the gold with a grin. “Ya should ask the library about body parts of a pixie?”
“How?” I caress the gold and the gem, moving behind the other fairies.
She rubs the gem and the gold with a smile. “Ask the library if a pixie has a set of green wings or a pair of blue eyes?
I caress the gold and the gem with a smile. “Why?”
She rubs the gold and the gem, moving down an empty hallway. “Then the library can scan all the memory gem stones visually. Maybe, another fairy saw a pixie. Then you can use that information and picture for your oral presentation.”
I turn and smile at Yachel. “Right. Thanks, Yachel. Did I tell you that you are my ‘bestest’ friend in the whole world?”
“Not, today.” She rubs the gold and the gems, moving to the archway of gem class.
The door opens.


11:05 a.m.
3rd period Gem Class
Warm temperatures with bright sunshine


I slowly walk through the ugly auditorium and caress my new palm shell, stepping down the steps into the pretty day and stop beside Britton, touching and smiling at my new palm shell.
Britton leans to Persia with a smile. “Your gems are shining.”
I turn and lift my new palm shell into his face. “I did it. I finished my palm shell right before holiday break. I’m so happy. My parents have been bugging me about my assignment.”
The other teens stop and create a semi-crooked line.
Oviv stands on the side in the dry grass, touching and saying into her throat choker. “Welcome to Gem Class. We have much work to accomplish today. Are you standing beside your approved surfing partner? Good. Today, you and your partner are daring to go twenty feet and then hover with a stable wave as I check your presentation. Ready. Set. Lift.”
I hold my new palm shell even with my waist, pointing and shooting my magenta ray down at my boot toes. Then the magenta ray ignites, beaming underneath my boot soles, soaring forward to the forest of burnt trees and flaming ashes.
And the ashes spray up in the air too from the other fairy waves.
Britton releases his dark blue wave over the dirt, slamming into the burnt trees. His ray causes more small fires also.
I move and stomp onto my wave, extending my arm. My left palm holds my ray in place over the dirt.
Britton extends and touches my fingers, entwining them carefully between his fingers and says. “Okay. We’re stable. Lift your ray about two inches.”
I lift my ray as Britton is the pilot on our fairy team.
He says. “Okay. We’re stable. Lift your ray two feet.”
Oviv moves underneath each pair of waves, looking up at each paired fairy couple, saying into her throat choker. “Very good. Go to ten feet but very slowly. This isn’t a race to the moon. Move as one unit and slowly lifting both waves to the height of fifteen feet. Very good. All the waves are looking excellent. Miss Zann, stop dancing side to side. This is not your fairy princess coronation ceremony.”
“Yes ma’am.” Zann says into her pink colored ring gem stone and wobbles side to side, holding Molfalso’s hand. “I can’t get stable. My beam weaves side to side. I feel dizzy and seasick.”
Oviv says. “Yes. You are seasick when the wave swishes side to side like the ocean water. Release her hand, Molfalso for a few seconds until Zann can stability the air currents, before ya’ll have an accident. And you get me into trouble.”
“Yes ma’am.” Zann releases his hand, holding both her arms, skating her fairy wave at fifteen feet above the ground. Her pink wave wobbles side to side as Zann folds down at her waist, wrapping her arms around her body. “I feel seasick.” She leans over to the side, falling off her pink wave and dropping down to the ground. Her pink wave sucks back into her ring.
Oviv gasps, running and extending her own hunter green fairy wave to catch Zann’s folded body.
Zann tumbles over and over in the air, popping out a pair of puke green fairy wings from her back spine.
I release Britton’s hand, watching the horror of Zann’s fall and gasp with shock.
Zann flaps a pair of fairy wings up and down with a giggle and a grin, lifting her body up to the clouds and hovers in the air, saying into her gem stone ring. “Lookie. I got saved by these things.”
Oviv looks up with a sour frown, jabbing a finger at the dirt. “Come down this instant, Zann. I would like everyone to lower their waves, slowly. Zann, move away from the other students and waves.”
Britton and I slowly lower our individual waves, landing safely on top of the dirt and turn and stare at Zann.
“Yes ma’am.” Zann giggles and flies between the other fairy waves and hovers in the air, flapping her new puke green colored fairy wings with a smile, slowly descending and lands on the ground in silence.
Oviv moves with a lady sneer to Zann. “Where did those wings come from, Zann?”
Zann flaps her wings with a giggle, trying to touch one with her fingers behind her back spine as the other teens suck back in their fairy wave and gather around Zann and Oviv.
Her wings are solid pale green in four segments. One set of twin wings flutters above each collar bone. The second set of twin wings flaps around her fanny. She giggles. “I honestly didn’t know, Mentor Oviv. I felt really dizzy inside my head and then really seasick from flying like I was going to vomit. Instead of vomiting, I tossed out a set of cute fairy wings. Cool, right?”
Gable moves and stand beside Oviv with a puzzled brow, shaking his skull. “A fairy does not possess a pair of double wings or quadruple wings or four wings or a single wing or many wings…”
Oviv shakes her curls and her tiara as her tiara glitters in pretty rays of hunter green. “You are not correct, Fairy Gable. A fairy of yesterday did possess a pair of wings which was many centuries ago. Over the decades, the wing gene has become recessive. Thus, it has disappeared on every extended limb from every single fairy babe. I personally have never seen a pair of fairy wings.”
Hadwin says. “I have ‘em in black and white old pictures in my fairy’s family album.”
Oviv nods. “Yes. This is where fairy wings belong. We do not travel by wing but a winged horse or a roaming unicorn or a sailing coach like a set of civilized folks.”
Zann touches her wings. “They’re soft and silky. They glow with in bright green...”
“...like Gabby’s puke when he eats too many desserts at suppertime,” Molfalso shoves Gable into Britton.
Britton catches him as everyone laughs.
Oviv shakes her curls, her tiara, and her hands. “We have had too much entertaining fun today. Zann, make the wings disappear. Close your eyes and hold your breath and suck in your wings. That should work for a fourth class fairy.”
Hadwin frowns. “Ya need a charm.”
Apella points to the wings of Zann. “No. This is a part of a fairy from centuries ago. I too saw the fairy wings in my old family album. A charm can’t affect a fairy. She’s displaying an original limb from her great-great-great-great grandmother.”
Oviv nods. “Correct, Fairy Apella. Zann, do it.”
Zann closes her eyelashes, holding her breathe, standing still as the other teens watch. She exhales, catching another gulp of breath and stands still and coughs, covering her mouth breathing. “I can’t do it. I feel sick again. I must’ve caught a bad germ.”
Gable frowns. “Fairies do not get sick from germs or viruses.”
Zann coughs, rubbing her face. “My throat hurts with pain. I don’t know what’s happening to me. My tongue is swollen. My lips hurt,” she drops down to the dirt, landing on her hands and her kneecaps. Her mouth is bleeding with blood. She coughs, spitting blood on the dry grass. “I wanna go home, Mentor Oviv.”
Oviv gasps. “You...you possess fangs inside your mouth, a new set of fangs.”
Zann gasps, touching her lips, her fangs teeth, and her blood. “I feel sharp points on my teeth.”
“The canine teeth to be specific, your two dog teeth have elongated into a set of animal-like sharp fangs.” Oviv squats and grabs Zann by the arm, standing and turning to the archway of the building without Zann. “This is beyond my fairy magic. I am taking you to Mentor Daffodil. Fairies do not possess wings. Fairies do not possess fangs. Fairies do not get sick. We do not have physicians like humans...”
Zann stands and sobs with her tears, slowly moving behind Oviv. “I wanna go home.”
Oviv stops and jerks Zann forward to the steps of the building, shaking her curls and her tiara. “Fairies, you’re dismissed for the day. Go back to your room or study your lessons or practice your wave. You are welcome to stay here in the meadow until your next session.”
Yachel screams and stumbles down onto the grass, cuddling her fairy boyfriend. “Stad, what’s wrong, Stad?”
Stad stands on the dry grass, hugging his face with a moan, wrapping his arms around his stomach. “Sick. I feel seasick. I’m bleeding,” he lifts his face to see Yachel. His lips are busted and bleeding as he moans. “Sick. I feel weird…”
Hadwin drops down to the ground and holds his stomach with a moan. “I’m going to hurl, dude.” He farts as a set of puke green neon fairy wings pops from his back spine too.
Stad burps and hiccups as a set of puke green neon fairy wings explode from his shirt, ripping away the fabric. He moans with seasickness also.
Yachel hugs him with a worried brow. “Stad.”
Oviv spins around with a gasp and dashes to Hadwin, kneeling and gently touching his collar bone, ordering in panic. “Stand and follow me, now, all of you with a set of formed fairy wings. Fairies, return back to your room, right now.”
I cuddle to Britton with a worried brow. “What’s happening here?”
Britton exhales, studying the sick fairies. “Don’t know. Fairies don’t have wings.”
Oviv corrals the sick fairies, leading and moving them into the building.


11:21 a.m.
Hallway setting


Yachel moves and sobs with her tears, hugging on to Stad down dark hallway behind Oviv. Zann and Hadwin hug each other too.
The other fairies follow behind Oviv in the dark hallway which is both crowded and stinky.
Britton stops, holding his nose holes with a sour frown. “Phew-wee, I think the sick fairies are emitting a foul odor of something.”
I grab and jerk his arm forward with a sneer. “Come on. We gotta find out what’s wrong here.”
Britton and I slowly move behind the other teen fairies and halt inside the main dark hallway at the ugly scene.
Some of the teen fairies are bleeding from their mouths, forming a set of fangs, wearing a pair of green wings as they sob with tears and touch their pointy teeth with their hands, feeling the sharp fangs.
The other teen fairies are dashing around the fallen ones, screaming and sobbing with tears.
The fairy mentors are rushing some of the healthy fairies down the hallway. Each other teen fairy without a pair of wings stops and lines the side solid wall, watching the horror, sobbing with tears of fears in regard to their friends and neighbors.
Britton and I side step next to Yachel and Stad, watching the fallen sick teen fairies bleed over the floor.
Fairy mentor Kaapo stands in the middle of the hallway, motioning with her hands to the room. “Everyone fairy get into the banquet room now. Don’t stop. Don’t look. Move fairies now.”
Britton moves and rushes faster to the banquet room with the healthy teen fairies.
More sick teen fairies tumble down to the floor, blooding from the lips, spouting a pair of puke green neon wings from a back spine.


11:35 a.m.
Banquet room setting


Britton and I run through the archway, seeing numerous fairies on the right side of the wall that appear to be healthy without bloody nose holes and eardrums.
The fairy mentors are in the middle of the room, shuffling the sick fairies to the left side on the wall. The sick fairies bend over, kneeling down to the floor, bleeding from body parts and screaming from pain.
Britton leads to the right side of wall when Yachel screams.
I swing around to see the tiara of Yachel and gasp in shock.
Yachel stumbles down on her knees, holding her face. Blood drips through her fingers. She hugs her body with her bloody hands, whispering. “I’m fine.” She sneezes, touching her nose. Her hand draws back blood too. She gasps with shock.
I gasp with shock, leaning down to touch Yachel.
Britton jerks and pulls Persia from both Yachel and Stad.
Mentor Ibbie grabs and wraps both Yachel and Stad inside her aqua colored fairy wave, lifting and moving them off the floor out of the busy foot path and slams them into the rough wall inside the banquet room with a sour frown and a sneer, “Out of way for the other fairies. You are infected. Stay there.”
Mentor Kaapo stands in the middle of the room, examining each teen fairy at the archway, pointing to the appropriate side wall.
The stunned healthy teen fairies flood the banquet room, marching to the right side of the room. The sick fairies limp into the room, slowly moving to the left side of the room.
Mentor Daffodil stands in the front of the room on top of the elevated platform, yelling into her gem stone as all eardrums hear through an individual gem stone. “The healthy fairies, please line the wall or sit at the table. The sick fairies move to the left wall. Please hurry into the room. We have much to discuss. Sick fairies on the left. Healthy fairies on the right…”
The rest of the fairy mentors assist the folded over and blooding sick fairies through the archway of the banquet room and up from the floor and then shove them to the wall on the left side.
I cuddle with Britton on the right side of the wall, sobbing with my tears, looking at the left wall.
Yachel stands against the wall and scratches her face, blooding from her lips. A set of fangs slowly descend down from her gums, covering her regular canine teeth inside her mouth. She touches the fangs and pulls back both her hands with blood. She sobs with tears and stuns with shock at her changing physical body. Her red long dress rips with in tiny swish sounds. Her back spine itches with a set of tickling pains.
 She whips both her hands behind her back, feeling a set of soft appendences with four edges. Her four wings slowly pop from her back spine as she wiggles side to side, helping the edges extend out from her skin and her dress.
She coughs and burps.
Her wings burst into a mighty display of puke green neon colors, lining with silky edges. The center is a fine netting of shiny threads which are closely knitted together. She coughs and sobs with tears of shock at her biological body. Her eyelashes can’t absorb all the teardrops.
The teardrops flood her face, her chin, dropping down onto her dress, her arms, and the floor.
Both her hands burn with pain. The fingernails stretch and grow, expanding the nail bed into a set of curvy printing claws which are colored in blood red, mostly from the dried blood.
Yachel wraps her arms around her body, sobbing with her tears.
Stad kneels on the floor, touching his fangs and his face, sneering with pain.
I sob with tears at the left side of wall that hold Yachel, Zann, Hadwin, Stad, and the other fairies.
All the sick fairies look the same in appearance, including a set of puke green neon four wings, a set of two long yellow fangs, and a set of ten red claw-like long curved fingernails.
Daffodil says with a smile and a nod into her palm gem tone. “Is that all the fairies, Mentor Oviv?”
Oviv enters through the archway with a sour frown, saying into her gem stone choker. “Yes. I have checked the hallways and the class rooms. Everyone is present and accounted for, Mentor Daffodil.” She stops and stands guard at the archway along with the other fairy mentors.
Daffodil says with a nod and a smile into her gem stone palm. “Excellent. Welcome to the banquet room again for the morning. The sick fairies line the left wall….”
“It’s a changeling fairy charm.” One of the healthy fairies stands on the right side of the wall with a shout and a finger at the left side of the wall of changeling fairies.
Daffodil nods, smiling. “Yes. The healthy fairies are lining the right wall. Yes. This is a simple changeling fairy charm imposed upon some of the students. However, I am aghast at the number of fairies that are affected, this year. The fun fairy charm occurs every year with my permission for fun and entertainment of the first classmates. But the fun has morphed into frantic. I can’t believe so many students have fallen for the fairy charm with the exception of the fifth class. Every class has learned the protection fairy charm which would have deflected the curse. O well. So we have numerous fairies with ugly wings and sharp fangs…”
“And shaper fingernails,” one of the healthy fairies laughs and points the left side of the wall.
Daffodil grins. “Yes, wings, fangs, and fingernails. Now, we are only four days from holiday.”
The healthy teens bounce with cheers and claps.
She frowns. “However, we have numerous sick fairies, possessing the changeling fairy charm. Therefore, every fairy is not allowed to leave Fairy Academy for holiday break…”
The gang of healthy teens sounds with a series of hisses and boos and point to the left side of the wall with the changeling fairies.
I gasp with a whisper. “No, I wanna go home for my holiday break. My parents will take me home.”
Daffodil raises her arm, saying with a sour frown into her palm gem stone. “Quiet, please. A changeling fairy charm is contagious, especially to the old and elderly fairies and the very young fairies like children and infants. I have contacted your parents. They agree with me that you will stay here at the Fairy Academy for the holidays. We will celebrate with a big fest of food, a decoration contest of your rooms, and a ton of gifts from your parents. This will be so nice for us, all.”
The healthy teens boo.
I gasp with a whisper. “No. My parents will want me home for the holiday break. I don’t have babies or elderly at my household or my room...”
“Send the healthy fairies home! Keep the sick ones here.” A healthy fairy shouts out loud with a sneer and stands on the right side of the colorful fairy wall.
Daffodil shakes her curls with a stern face. “I cannot do that. I must adhere to our rules of the Fairy Academy and the wishes of the parents. This situation is too dangerous for your fairy families. And the party responsible for the numerous release of the changeling fairy charm will be found and punished.”
The teens bounce with cheers and claps.
I gasp with shock. “Punished how? We…you know them, Britton. Tell Mentor Daffodil now!”
Britton cuddles Persia with a grin and a whisper, staring at the wall of sick fairies. “I will after this.”
Daffodil grins. “This is it. Now, since we are all staying through the holiday break because of the silly fairy charm. I have a few announcements. We will continue your fairy classes. We will place a fairy wall down the middle of the building, the hallway, and the class rooms. Please fairy mentors, erect the fairy wall now.”
I drop my mouth, seeing the movement.
Ibbie, Oviv, Kaapo, Xing, Sondson, Faddy, and the other fairy mentors shift from the wall and the archway, standing in a column of figures in front of Daffodil.
Daffodil raises her gem stone palm shell, glittering in bright yellow tones from the sunlight from the broken creaks in the windows. A golden chain is entwined between her four fingers, stretching the gem stone flat against her palm. She emits her bright yellow gem stone fairy wave up to the ceiling.
A bright yellow wave slams into the plaster, breaking off tiny dull white shards that hit the wooden floor, pitching tiny wooden pieces from the yellow blast.
Her wave sails across the ceiling and forward out the archway and disappears down the dark hallway.
I gasp with beauty. “How can they do that?”
“Fairy magic. “Britton leans over her tiara with a whisper and a smirk, staring at the sick fairies on the left side of the room
Ibbie stands in front of Daffodil, removing and lifting her broach pin gem stone over her tiara, emitting an aqua ray up to the ceiling which hits the bottom of the bright yellow of Daffodil with a set of fiery sparks. Her aqua wave sails and spread in a thick line of six inches across the bottom of the bright yellow, out through the archway and disappears down the dark hallway too.
Oviv removes her throat choker, lifting to the ceiling and shoots her wave backward and up to the ceiling. Her hunter green wall hits the bottom of the aqua wave and spread sideways to cover the ceiling, moving forward out the archway and down the dark hallway.
Each fairy mentor raises a gem stone shell to the ceiling as a different color gem stone wave slams into the bottom layer of the other fairy wave. The ceiling gets injured again, dropping down numerous small chips of plaster over the hair roots of teen fairies. Each individual fairy wave slowly builds from the ceiling down to the floor and slowly separates the sick fairies from the healthy fairies.
I gasp with shock, moving to the fairy wall.
Britton slams Persia into his chest. “Wait. Watch. It’s not finished.
The last fairy mentor Faddy, he lowers his arm with the gem stone wrist watch as his burgundy fairy wave releases and scorches the wooden planks, sailing across the floor, through the archway and down the dark hallway.
A popping noise invades the hallway along with flashes of pink and yellow sparks, coming back through the open archway of the banquet room.
The teens gasp.
The wall of colored fairy waves ripples back into the banquet room and shimmers side to side without dropping as the fairy wall is part of the ceiling and down into the wooden planks of the fairy school. 
The fairy wall slams into the tall patched curtain on the front wall which hides the blacksmith shop as the ratty black colored curtain catches fire and burn into a pile of red and yellow flames.
The teen fairies gasp with shock.
The banquet room glows with a solid wall of multi-colors that represent all the different color of each fairy mentor.
I narrow my eyelashes, seeing the sick teen fairies on the other side in multi-colors too.
Daffodil claps with a stern face. “It is done.”
“What’s done?” One of the teen healthy fairies on the rights die of the wall says into his gem stone.
She points to the fairy wall which divides the banquet room in pretty colors with a smile and a nod. “Yes. It is done. This is a fairy wall which has been constructed of all the fairy mentors very powerful fairy magic. No teen fairy can harm the wall or bust it down. The fairy wall starts here and has soared forward and then slammed into rear of our fairy school building. Wait and watch, teen fairies.”
The fairy wall shimmers and shifts downward, showing a bright yellow solid color across the room and down from the ceiling to the floor.
Daffodil says with a grin and a giggle. “My bright yellow gem stone wave is now the solid fairy wall here inside the banquet room which is part of my fairy instructions during the day. Inside Mentor Ibbie’s classroom, you will see a fairy wall of solid aqua color. The fairy wall knows which color belongs to which fairy mentor. However, in the common places, such like, the hallways, you will see a wall of pretty multicolor bands that represent all the fairy mentor hues of color. All the gem stone waves of each fairy mentor have connected and built this continuous fairy wall that comes down from the ceiling to the floor. A hunter green fairy wall has separated the auditorium and the sick teen fairies for Mentor Oviv to continue her fairy lessons.
“I will repeat the fairy wall cannot be penetrated or damaged, fairies. The wall serves to separate the sick fairies from the healthy fairies, since the changeling germs can spread to the healthy fairy too inside our contained space. So during our class time and eating time, the sick teen fairies will travel and roam on the left side of the room, the hallway, and the classroom. The healthy fairies will travel and roam on the right side of the room, the hallway, and the classroom. You will continue to share the same class room as you are separated by the powerful and colorful fairy wall. You can see each other through the wall with a slightly colorful tint. However, you cannot hear voices or screams or shouts through the wall. So you must use your gem stone as a communication devise for talking with your sick fairy friend.”
The teens gasp.
She says with a nod and a smile. “Now, the changeling fairy charm needs lots of sunshine and fresh air to release the contaminated germs within the chemical body of the affected fairy teen. Therefore, the sick teen fairies will be occupying the external bedroom suites along the edges of the hallway.”
The teens boo.
She says with a sour frown. “Yes. It sucks. However, you should blame the first class mates for messing up tour holiday and your room schedule.”
Some of the teens turn and boo at the first class mates.
She smiles. “Fairy mentors, please transfer the external rooms into the inner rooms. All the teen fairies will wait and stay here until this task is completely.”
The fairy mentors turn and leave the banquet room.
Daffodil lifts her hand with her gem stone palm shell as her bright yellow fairy wave touches each naked table. The table morphs into a ratty tablecloth with a set of dishes and food item. She smiles. “Let us enjoy the morning with food and drink. The fairy mentors will be busy for a while.” She turns and moves to the burning curtain, wrapping it with her fairy wave to kill the flames, turning to the side door with the kitchen to talk to the brownies.
Some of the healthy teen fairies move and sit at the table, grabbing dishes and food items.
Britton shuffles Persia to an empty table with Apella and Gable.
Gable sits and studies the sick teen fairies inside the yellow tinted fairy wall. The sick teen fairies kneel on the floor or rest on the floor as tables of food and plates remain untouched. He picks at the food with a sour frown, “Glad, it ain’t me.”
Briton grabs the food item with a nod, staring at the sick teen fairies, “Me, too.”
I gasp, staring at the sick teen fairies. “These are our friends. Yachel is my neighbor. We were kidnapped and doused with the changeling fairy charm too, Britton. We could produce wings and fangs too at any moment.”
Apella chews and swallows. “Naw. I had my protecting shielding turned on. I’m healthy and safe from the fairy charm when I was taken the other night from my room.”
Gable mouth spits his food particles over his plate and his hand, “Ditto, darling.”
I stare at Yachel with worry and not hunger. “Can’t we do something? Can’t the mentors do something with their powerful fairy magic? Can’t Mentor Daffodil do something with her powerful fairy magic?”
Britton chews, “Naw.”
Gable chews, “Naw.”
Apella chews and swallows with food around her lips. “Yeah. Something can be done. The fairy queen can reverse the changeling fairy charm, if she wanted too. I guess she doesn’t want too.”
Britton chews and swallows. “This is another silly fairy exercise. That’s all. Ya learned the protection fairy charm. Then you were all exposed to a silly attack. Then ya should’ve utilized our protection fairy charm. I did. Persia did. Right, Persia?”
I exhale, studying at the fairy wall, seeing Yachel without an answer but worry.


Fairy Wall side, Yachel and all the other sick fairies


Yachel drools mouth salvia and blood from her lips, exhaling with a puff of pain and stands up from the floor, patting her stomach with a new pair of yellow colored fangs. “I feel better since the tickling has stopped around my fairy wings.” She looks down at her bloody orange colored long fingernails. “I know what a bird feels now.”
Stad stands with a growl, wiping the drool and blood from his mouth, touching his stomach. “I feel hunger and mad and starving and confused. Why’s this happening?” He turns and moves to an empty chair, banging the back rest on the table, sitting.
Zann stands with a sob of tears, wiping off the blood and mouth drool from her lips, exhaling with a puff of pain but feels better and moves to the same table with Stad, sitting. “A changeling fairy charm, never heard of it. I bet my parents have. I wished that they had bothered to tattle-tale about this thing, before this thing affected their only daughter. However, I’m feeling hunger too.” She reaches and grabs the food item, eating with her fingers and new fangs.
Yachel drools both her food and her salvia from her lips. “I feel ugly. And ya look ugly too with me, sick fairies. Why did this happen?”
“A changeling fairy curse is the proper term.” Stad chews with food spitting from his lips.
Zann frowns. “I don’t feel ugly. I actually feel strong and powerful like I could lift a coach.” She lifts and flexes her naked bicep. “It’s hard to sit inside the chair too. I think we need some stools for our four wings.”
Yachel turns and chews, waving with a nod to Persia.


Fairy Wall side, Persia and all the other healthy fairies


I wave back with a fake smile to Yachel through the fairy wall. “Yachel, Zann, Stad, Hadwin. They’re the sick fairies. How long does the changeling fairy curse stay?”
“A changeling fairy charm, not curse.” Apella chews.
Gable burps. “A changeling fairy curse on us. We don’t get to go home for the holidays. I like my mom’s cooking better than this.” He chews and swallows the food.
Daffodil stands, nodding. “Good news, the fairy mentors have completed their task. Now, your new room is directly across the hallway from your old room. The sick fairies receive the outer room with more sunshine and fresh air…”
I turn to Daffodil and say with a puzzled brow.  “How did she know that all the sick teen fairies lived inside the interior bedrooms of the Fairy Academy?”
Apella chews and swallows. “She didn’t.”
I nod. “She did. She said that statement…”
Apella exhales. “It is called generalizing, Persia. Mentor Daffodil can’t say that Persia, your old room was the outer space. Now, your new room is the inner space. She can’t go around to each table, identifying every fairy…”
Britton chews and swallows. “Where was your old room, Apella?”
“I had a window view.” Apella chews.
“Me, too.” Gable chews.
“Me, three.” Britton chuckles.
I frown. “See? We all had a window view of creaked glass inside our private bedrooms and we are not affected by the fairy curse either.”
“With good luck,” Gable chews.
“With great luck,” Apella chews.
“Protection shielding, babe,” Britton elbows Persia with a set of chewed food between his front teeth. “We both were protected or shielded from the fairy charm by my fairy wave, darling.”
“I guess.” I turn and frown at the fairy wall and spy on Yachel.
Daffodil moves and stands in the front of the fairies on the right of the fairy wall, saying into her palm gem stone. “Alright, every fairy can grab a plate of food and return to your new bedroom suite, if you would like. Your personal possessions are there inside the new room in the same place. This is an example of great fairy magic. Up. Everyone rise. Go back to your room. Classes are cancelled for the day and evening today.”
I stand, turning and dashing to the yellow colored fairy wall. Yachel stands and dashes to the same place on the fairy wall too. I touch the wall. She touches the wall. I can’t feel her touch or hear her voice.
I lift my hand with my new palm gem stone with a smile and a nod to my lips.
She lifts her new palm gem stone to her busted lips with a grin. “Are you okay?”
I smile. “That’s my question…”
Gable turns and dashes, standing beside Persia with a grin into his cuff link gem stone on his dress shirt. “Ya look ugly, Yachel. Do ya stink too?”
I shift and shove Gable from my air space on the fairy wall as he falls sideway into one of the empty table.
Yachel sneers into her palm gem stone. “Boy. Ya be lucky there’s a solid wall between me and you. When I...”
I frown into my palm gem stone. “Hush, Yachel. How are you feeling?” I turn and move down the fairy wall with her.
She turns and moves along the fairy wall on the other side, staring down at the burnt and broken wooden planks in the floor through her palm gem stone. “Okay. I guess. I felt really hunger and ate. Now, I feel really strong like I can lift a table.”
I drop my mouth. “Is that a side effect of the fairy curse?”
“Don’t know. I’ll research it when I get into my room.”
I stare down at the burnt and busted wooden plants, skipping over them, moving with Yachel. Some of the other healthy teens run and hit my arm, going to the staircase. “Just our rotten luck. No school. A pretty day, we’re all inside our rooms like being punished.”
“Yeah, punished, I hope the first class mates get punished, too.”
“I know, well, Britton knows them and their names.” I look over behind my collar bone to see Britton. “Britton is talking with a group of older fairies. The older fairies are nodding too. He’s going to tattle-tale on them to Mentor Daffodil.” I look ahead to see some of the fairies move down the fairy wall and talk with their fairy friend too.
“Like that’ll help me now.” Yachel moves with a sour frown down the fairy wall.
I reach the archway and stop, looking up to the ceiling and down to the floor. “Look. The fairy wall changed from a solid yellow color to a set of vertical bands of many colors.”
“How did they build a solid wall around a corner?”
“Fairy magic,” I move down the fairy wall with Yachel on the other side, turning and staring at the rotten wall of the dark hallway. “Which side do the ghosts live on?”
Yachel giggles, “All the walls.”
“Will the fairy wall stop them?”
Yachel touches the wall. “I think so.”
I gasp and stop. “They might be on my side of the airy wall.”
Yachel moves ahead with a giggle. “And they might not. Ya got your rocks, remember?”
I skip to catch up with her. “Yeah, I do.”
Yachel and I turn and move up the staircase for the female bedrooms.
I turn and view the fairy wall on my left this time. “This is amusing. The fairy wall spits into four sections. Two for the girls. Two for the guys. How does it work?”
“Fairy magic?” Yachel moves with a giggle up the staircase and onto the hallway which shows a fairy wall of multi-colors.
“I guess I feel strange, walking and talking with a colored wall. The other wall is dirty and dull rotten black wood.”
“Yeah, I feel strange too.” She moves with the fairy wall near her right arm. “This is so strange and awesome at the same time.”
“Yeah, I feel strange, too.” I stop at my new archway which is located on the interior wall of my right arm, turning and seeing the closed door with a sour frown. “Well this is my new room.”
Yachel points down the hallway and turns to see Persia. “I’m down the hallway, a bit more. Well I’m going to my room now. Can we talk on our gem stones?”
I turn and grin to her. “I guess. Call me? Or I’ll call you on my new palm gem stone shell?”
The door opens.
Yachel moves and stares down at the floor with a nod in silence.
I turn and enter my new room.


12:04 p.m.
3rd floor level
Bedroom setting of Persia
Lunchtime meal


I move into the middle of the new room, looking the same but it is displayed on the opposite side.
The room is made of dull and dirty white walls with some nicely decorated black streaks, from injuring the plaster.
My new scratched and beaten up wooden bed frame is located in front of the damaged and rotten wooden wall of black with a set of two non-matching wooden nightstands. Each nightstand holds a non-matching reading lamp like my old bedroom.
The opposite wall holds a reader-chair and a solid plastic wall, where my set of bedroom windows used to stand inside my old bedroom across the hallway.
One of the side walls holds a long closet with a set of beaten and broken doors. One of the doors hangs by the hinges. I lift up my palm gem stone, tossing a fairy wave at the swinging door.
The door separates from the wood with a snap as I gently rest it on top of the dirty carpet.
The other side wall holds my new ratty multi-colored and patched fabric loveseat of many different colors and a low table for studying and eating and talking without Yachel.
I exhale with worry about Yachel.
There will be no more visitations inside my room from Yachel until her fairy sickness goes away.
I stand in my new room not hungry with food, not tired with sleep, not studying but worrying about my old fairy friends.
The white and scratched plastic wall wiggles side to side in the colors of apricot and light brown bands and morphs into a moving picture of my parents.
Her parents sit on the same sofa together, cuddling with a nod and a smile to see Persia.
I don’t smile, turning and scooting into my new scratched up reader-chair.
Her mom grins. “Honey, everything is okay. We are so sorry that you cannot come home for the holiday. Mentor Ibbie contacted us. She told us about the changeling fairy charm…”
“Curse.” I yell and hold my sob of tears and worry about Yachel. “Curse. It is a fairy curse and it has affected my best friend Yachel…”
“Yachel? Well I am not surprised.” Her dad grins.
I frown. “What? I’m surprised. What does that mean, Dad?”
Her dad clears his throat and his grin. “I meant that Yachel is not a studious fairy like you, Persia. You wore your protection shielding which you learned in Gem Class, did you not, honey?”
I nod. “Yeah, I had it on. Why didn’t you tell me about this changing changeling thing here, this year as a fourth class?”
Her mama grins. “This is Fairy Academy. This is where you learn to be the ‘bestest’ fairy in Fairyland.”
I shake my curls any my tiara. “This is wrong.”
Her mom frowns. “Persia, how dare you question your parents and your school?”
I frown. “This is wrong. Some of my friends are…are…”
“…changelings. We know what the fairy charm does, honey. But you learned very quickly like your smart parents. We were not affected either during our fourth class. You’re a very smart fairy.”
I sob and hold back the tears with both angry and frustration. “Yachel changed. Can’t you turn her back into a pretty fairy again, Mom, Dad?”
Her dad shakes his skull. “This is part of learning to be a fairy. This is another exercise that you passed with flying colors, Persia. We are so very proud of your accomplishments.”
I whisper. “I did nothing.”
“You did not turn into a changeling.” Her mom grins.
“I guess.” I look down to see my hands.
Her dad grins. “Well you are still proud of you, Persia. We are so sorry that we can’t be together during the holiday break. Except, Mentor Daffodil has informed all the parents that there will be a long spring break for the students, since you and the other teens must stay there for the next two weeks or so…”
I look up and drop my mouth. “Two weeks? She told us two or three days.”
Her dad clears his throat. “I meant the rest of the week and the holiday break. The changeling fairy charm is highly contagious for both young children and elderly fairies. You must stay and cooperate with the fairy mentors, Persia.”
I nod. “I’m staying to help Yachel. Me and her can figure out how to break the fairy curse together.”
Her mom frowns. “The changeling is a fun fairy charm and not a fairy curse, Persia.”
I exhale. “I know that…”
Her dad grins. “How is your other fairy lessons coming, Persia? You have not updated us lately.”
I turn and glance at the door, wanting to leave the room and visit with Yachel and view my parents. “Okay.”
Her dad grins. “Can you fly on top of your gem stone wave?”
I whisper, “Yeah.”
Her mom grins. “Did you tame a winged horse?”
“Yeah.”
Her dad grins. “Can you steal another fairy cape?”
“Yeah, I can steal a lot of stuff. Well I gotta run.” I turn and view the door.
Her mom gasps. “Run away to where? You have ordered not to leave the Fairy Academy by Mentor Daffodil…”
I turn and sneer at my mom. “I gotta run away down the hallway and talk to Yachel with my magenta polished gem stone…”
Her mom frowns. “O yes. You can communicate still with the gem stones. Have you constructed your gem stone shell yet, Persia?”
I grin. “Yup, time to go. Bye, Mama and Daddy.” I stand, turning and skipping to my door.
The door opens.
The plastic wall is another communication devise which cannot be de-activated by me but only by my parents on their end.
So I leave my parents hanging, so to speak.


12:12 p.m.
3rd floor level
Sparkling Fairy Wall location
Hallway side with Persia


I turn and dash with a smile down the hallway, rubbing up against the fairy wall.
The door closes.
I ran and yell at the closed door of Yachel’s room, “Yachel.” I stop, turning and banging on the fairy wall, “Yachel, Yachel…”
The door opens.
Nabell appears and stands inside her private archway with a sneer at the butthole of Persia. “She can’t hear you, Persia. The fairy wall is both indestructible and sound proof. Yachel’s crying anyways.”
I spin around with a lady sneer to Nabell. “She is not. She’s brave and strong, wearing her four fairy wings. You’re the sour one here…”
Nabell sneers. “You’re the pitiful one here,” she turns and leaves the archway.
The door closes.
I burn a set of my invisible fairy eyeballs into Nabell’s room, not working, either. I growl, spinning around, stomping down the hallway.
I slam the door of my new room.


12:13 p.m.
3rd level floor
Bedroom setting of Persia
Lunchtime meal


I stand in the middle of the room, crying with fear and frustration of my life. I fear for Yachel. I am frustrated with my parents.
My parents are older and wiser. They should assist in the reverse fairy charm, countering the effects of changeling curse too. But they’re more interested in there only daughter and not my best friend.
My door sounds with a knock.
I swing around with a puzzled brow and move to the beaten up wood panel.
The door opens.
Ibbie stands in full gear of an aqua shirt, a pair of new blue jeans, and a pair of polished aqua colored cowgirl boots, wearing her aqua fairy cape and her matching tiara with a sour frown and a nod. “Fairy Persia, I am here to provide the new set of Fairy Academy instructions, until all classes and activities return back into the normal fairy school day. One, you will wear comfortable clothes, such as, a pair of jeans and a pair of boots while attending each one of your academic studies, each day, until all classes and activities return back into a normal fairy school day. Two, you will meet each morning inside the banquet room like normal for any new announcements or miracles. Three, you will attend all your regular fairy classes like normal. Four, for the today and the upcoming weekend of Saturday and Sunday, you will stay inside or around your room floor. We know the young teens enjoy the watcher stations on the rooftop but not today or this weekend. We will be monitoring the fairy charm and all the fairies in case of another breakout…”
I gasp with shock. “More fairies could become affected by the fairy charm?”
“Yes. More fairies might become affected. So we will be checking on you. But do not be alerted. I believe this will be the only outbreak. Have a good afternoon and evening, Fairy Persia. I will see you later in the evening. Good day.” Ibbie back steps and side steps to the next beaten up door, knocking on the repaired wood.
I back step from my archway.
The door closes.
I swing and move to my new ratty loveseat, tapping on my polished gem stone. The magenta color gleams underneath the artificial lamps. I plop on top of the loveseat, staring down into the pretty colors. “Yachel…”
Silence.
“Yachel, are you crying?”
Silence.
“Yachel, you can talk to me.”
141st day Fairy Academy


07:01 a.m.
3rd level floor
Bedroom setting of Persia
Cool temperatures with partly sunny


I awake inside my new ratty bed linens without bothering to dress. I had slept in my clothes from crying and worrying about Yachel and the other sick teen fairies. So I wore my blue jeans and the dirty shirt, and my two naked bare feet to bed.
I rub my swollen face without tears. I had cried out all my wet and sad tears of fear and worry last night too.
I roll from the bed into a stance of wobbling dizziness, moving to the door.
The door opens.
I turn and slide into a cold hallway with a bright cheery multicolored fairy wall between me and Yachel, moving down the wall to Yachel’s room. I stop and turn, staring at her closed door in silence.
The door does not open.
I get tired of standing on the cold floor and staring at her closed door and sit. I want to scream at her inside her room. But, my fairy friends Nabell or Apella will tattle tale to fairy mentor Ibbie, who is the floor monitor, until all classes and activities return back into a normal fairy school day.
I giggle at Ibbie’s new famous saying.
I sit and stare at her closed door, exhaling with a puff of frustration, hearing the thunder from a rain storm with my eardrums. And I feel a bolt of lightning strike over the building without my eyeballs as I am a fairy with the nature of Fairyland.
I look down and tap on my gem stone, working on my oral presentation. Sick or healthy fairies, Yachel and I both have a set of fairy school assignments. I still am having trouble with finding information on a pixie. So I approach at different way like Yachel suggested.
I whisper to my gem stone. “Does a pixie have green wings?”
The gem stone is connected to the fairy library. It writes inside the magenta stone in bright yellow letters… Data not available.

“Does a pixie have blue eyes?”

Data not available.

“Does a pixie have wings?”

Data not available.


Inside my reader-chair, I exhale, “A good idea, a stupid topic.” I look up and see the closed door behind the fairy wall.
Yachel might be asleep from crying and sobbing too.
I stand, moving and marching back to my room.
The door opens. I enter with a sad face. Then the door closes.
143rd day Fairy Academy


09:01 a.m.
3rd level floor
Bedroom setting of Persia
Warm temperatures with bright sunshine


I enjoy sleeping later than usual, since I do attend my blacksmith shop anymore. I have already finished constructing my gem stone shell, showing off my gem stone palm shell to no one, including my parents while feeling too depressed at the moment.
Rain showers have poured down from the clouds each day on the weekend which has forced each teen fairy to stay indoors, making the weekend miserable along with my lousy mood.


09:11a.m.
Fairy Wall location
Hallway setting


The door opens.
I stand inside my archway, waiting on Yachel, watching the healthy teen fairies as they slowly move and gossip about the sick fairies and the fairy charm.
I spot Yachel on the other side of the fairy wall, running and slamming into the fairy wall as it does not shake or shimmy. I move down the wall, looking with a smile at Yachel, saying into my palm gem stone. “Good morning, Yachel.”
Yachel turns and views Persia, drooling with her mouth salvia from the new set of fangs. “Hey, Persia.” She slurps her words from the fangs also. The food drops down from her fangs to her lips and onto her torn and dirty shirt. Eventually, the food particles fall down onto the floor as Yachel stomps the food with her naked feet.
I gasp. “Your feet are naked. Where’s your boots?”
She says into her palm gem stone to Persia. “Our claws are sharp. The leather will tear. We got to walk around bare footed and barely a fairy.” Yachel mouth spits more food particles over her body and the floor with hardy laughter.
I guide down the fairy wall. “The weekend was so boring…”
Yachel eats and chews the bowl of food.
Apella pulls up with Kuelle and Persia with a sour frown. “All the classes are messed up. We don’t have blacksmith shop anymore and…”
“Shut up, Apella.” Kuelle turns and stares at the sick teen fairies on to her side of the fairy wall.
I frown. “Where’da ya get the food, Yachel?”
Zann chews and swallows some of the food particles as most of the food lands on her face, her clothes, and the floor too. Her shirt is wrapped and tied around her teenly body, exposing her four puke green colored wings on her back spine that flutters, when she walks and talks. Red blood is dried and caked around her clothing and her skin. She walks beside Yachel, saying into her ring gem stone to Persia and other healthy female fairies. “We got food brought and stored inside our rooms. So we got breakfast already this morning.”
I skip down the wall and stare at the food bowl. “What kind of food items?”
“Food,” Yachel mouth spits her food, chewing and drooling.
I gag and turn my face, moving down the wall. My mouth drools with salvia as my tummy growls for food. I turn and glide down the wall, following the same footpath beside Yachel and Zann into the dark hallway.
Britton turns and runs into Persia for fun with a grin and a chuckle, “Hey, Persia.”
I cuddle into his chest without a smile, “Hey, Britton.”
He turns and stares at Yachel and Zann’s food bowls. “They got food too. The sick male fairies got bunches of food too inside their individual rooms. And the healthy fairies got nothing but water.”
I nod. “We got the same thing too.”


09:16 a.m.
Banquet room setting
Breakfast mealtime
Cool temperatures with bright sunshine


I enter through the archway, seeing a solid yellow fairy wall, scooting into one of the naked tables.
Each table is naked without a colored patched table cloth. However, each table has a repaired dish with a single piece of bread and a small tumbler of cold milk.
I stare at my bread and my best friend.
Yachel moves with Zann, scooting into a naked table too as they continue to drool and eat out of food bowls. Each table is bare without a colored patched table cloth also. However, each table holds a repaired platter of food. Each plate shows meats, eggs, breads, and sweet rolls. And there are two of pitchers of juices and milk.
My fairy eyeballs can see through the fairy wall and view two clear tumbles of orange juice and white milk, since I am one of the ‘bestest’ fairies in Fairyland per my fairy parents. 
I exhale, looking down at my single piece of bread and view the table of food platters around my naked table of healthy fairies. “They got a table of more food. We don’t…”
Apella slides and scoots into an empty seat next to Persia, lifting and breaking her bread. “They got a curse too. We don’t.” She eats the food, staring through the fairy wall at the sick teen fairies with and wicked grin.
I tear the bread, sucking down the dry toast, swallowing. “They got food too.”
Daffodil moves and stands on the top of the elevated stage beside the fairy wall with the side of healthy fairies, lifting her arms with a smile and a nod. “Welcome to another wonderful day of Fairy Academy. The day is slightly abnormal. However, we are all fairies. We should continue to act and learn like fairies. Let us bread the bread…”
One of the healthy fairies stands and points to the fairy wall with a sneer. “They got real food over there. I want more food over here too.”
Daffodil grins. “This is not the fairy morning way. The sick teen fairies need plenty of nourishment from the changeling fairy charm. As a matter of fact, their individual bodies require more nutrients and nourishment also. So let us break the bread…”
I chew and swallow the rest of my single slice of dry hard toast, staring at the sick teen fairies through the yellow solid colored fairy wall throughout breakfast, feeling both sad and depressed.
Daffodil grins. “We have finished our bread. Please go to your assigned classrooms for the start of a wonderful day.”


10:03 a.m.
2nd period Fairy Lore Class


I cuddle into his chest, moving down a semi-lighted hallway from the shiny fairy wall which is also overcrowded with numerous teen fairies without a set of the puke green neon wings and a mouth of the drooling fangs.
Numerous teens follow and enter my second period fairy lore classroom too.
I move through the archway in front of Britton, dropping my mouth.
My classroom is filled with numerous and unnamed teen fairies from the other classes.
Ibbie stands in front of the white solid wall in a pair of blue jeans, an aqua shirt, wearing her aqua cape and a matching tiara with a smile and a nod, motioning with both hands. “Good morning, healthy fairies. Please come inside, healthy fairies. Every healthy fairy come inside and slide into a reader-chair. There are plenty of reader-chairs inside the fairy lore class, this morning.”
I separate from Britton, scooting around the rows of reader-chairs which hold numerous unnamed teen fairies.
Ibbie grins. “Please find a chair and a seat. Then we can start our morning fairy academic session.”
I stop and scoot into a reader-chair in the front of the room near the solid aqua colored wall. The fairy wall represents the fairy color of Mentor Ibbie inside the fairy lore classroom. I lean over and touch the fairy wall. It is cool feeling without heat. It does not shake or shimmy.
Ibbie grins. “I see no one standing healthy fairies. Therefore, each healthy fairy sits inside a reader-chair. Now, we have combined the academic fairy sessions, simply because some of the classes hold only five or less fairies. You represent the classes, making up the fifth, fourth, third years. Now, I teach fairy lore to every class. Therefore, I have decided that every fairy will submit an oral presentation to the class for credit and graduating into the next class. Else, you will fail inside your current fairy class.”
One of the fairies inside the reader-chair laughs. “Fairies don’t fail Fairy School.”
My reader-chair starts to swirl as my mind mentally halts it. I continue to stare at the aqua colored fairy wall.
Ibbie exhales. “And the next fairy to utter these words will submit and present two oral presentations. Do you understand me? I see a set of tall arms and wiggling fingers. I will not answer any question. I am the fairy mentor here. You will each present an oral presentation in front of the class. The fourth class assignment has been selected. Therefore, I will allow the rest of the fairies to select your own topic. However, I must approve the selected topic. I would like…”


Fairy Wall side, Yachel and all the other sick fairies

The sick teen fairies race and run from the banquet room, coming through the archway and slam a body and a set of wings into the tall stools, scattering the furniture over the wooden floor as they sound with giggles and chuckles.
The fairy lore room of Ibbie is split in half by her aqua colored fairy wall.
The space contains only high seating stools. There is not a fairy mentor for the sick teen fairies but only three white walls with the same archway that has been split by the fairy magic too.
None of the wall contains an assignment of words or sentences.
The stools scatter around the empty room as each fairy jumps and leaps over the fallen furniture with smiles and chuckles. Some of them twirl and roll into a body ball in the air. The other fairies fly in the air with their four wings.



Fairy Wall side, Persia and all the other healthy fairies

I gasp with shock, watching the sick teen fairies through the fairy wall but not hearing them.
One of healthy fairies inside the reader-chair points and yells. “I can’t hear them.”
Each reader-chair turns and stares at the fairy wall and the flying fairies.
Ibbie turns and stares at the fairy wall with a smirk. “You can only communicate through the gem stone. I have muted my gem stone for our fairy lore lessons today.”
Another fairy points the sick fairies with a grin. “Hey, look. The winged fairies are flying in the air like real birds. They can really fly. I didn’t know that a fairy can fly.”
Ibbie turns and frowns to the side of the reader-chairs that face the fairy wall. “Please pay attention to me, here. I am instructing you…”
Another one of the fairies inside the reader-chair faces the fairy wall with a smirk. “A real fairy doesn’t fly. It’s the changeling charm. The charm allows them to fly and to leap from the gravity of the planet with their big ugly puke green vomit colored fairy wings.”
Ibbie frowns at the side of each reader-chair. “Please turn your chairs back to me here…”
A third fairy faces the wall with a giggle and a grin. “It looks like fun to me. I wanna get the changeling fairy charm too. Who gives it to me?”
A fourth fairy faces the wall with a smile. “They’re acting silly like little children. I wanna go into their room to having some silly fun too.”
A fifth fairy faces the wall with a sour frown. “Where’s their fairy mentor? They didn’t have a fairy mentor. Why don’t they have fairy mentor, Mentor Ibbie?”
Ibbie stares at the fairy wall with a sour frown. “No one can enter through the fairy wall, once it is constructed…”
A sixth fairy faces the wall with a laugh. “They don’t have any mentors. Yeehaw. I wanna get sick too. Someone zap the fairy charm on me too.”
The teen fairies laugh.


Fairy Wall side, Yachel and all the other sick fairies

Stad reaches down and grabs one of the fallen stools, jumping and flying up to the ceiling, flapping his green wings and holds the stool in the air, patting the empty seat with a drooling grin.
Yachel jumps and leaps from the floor with a grin and a giggle, flying up to the ceiling to Stad and sits on his stool, pretending to type with her fingernails on an invisible reader-tray with a giggle and a grin in the air.
Stad moves and flies her around the room for fun.
The rest of the sick teen fairies duplicate Yachel and Stad’s air performance as Stad and Yachel drop down from the ceiling.
Stad lifts the same stool sideway and flies up to the ceiling and stops, wiggling his butthole side to side as Yachel flies and circles around his butthole, dancing and wiggle her butthole side to side with a grin and a giggle.
The rest of the sick teen fairies fly up and hover behind Yachel, wiggling and dancing, forming a long line. 
A line of sick fairies circles around the set of ceiling planks and as each upright body wiggles side to side with fun.
Zann breaks away from the long line and lands on the floor, grabbing her own stool, placing it over her tiara and balances it, wiggling and dancing around the floor with a grin and a giggle.
The rest of the sick teen fairies copycat Zann, landing and grabbing a stool and balance it over the hair roots too, wiggling and dancing over the wooden floor.


Fairy Wall side, Persia and all the other healthy fairies

The healthy teen fairies sound with a series of giggles and chuckles at the silly sick fairies behind the fairy wall.
Ibbie exhales. “Turn around and face me now.”
Each reader-chair slowly spins to see Ibbie.
She frowns. “Every week, before the end of the session, there will be an oral presentation. I will exclude this week. Since we are all still in shock from the appearance of the changeling fairy charm. However, I will start the presentations, beginning in alphabetic order. We will start with the letter A…”
Apella slaps her chest with a nod and a smile. “I have performed my presentation, Mentor Ibbie. I received an A plus, plus.”
Ibbie says. “And the other fairies with the beginning letter of A in their name will all present, next week. Each week, we will have a new alphabetic letter. There are exactly twenty-six letters of the alphabet and exactly twenty-six weeks of academy. How convenient for you? Now, everyone, work on your presentation, or select your topic.”
Gable frowns. “Mentor Ibbie, should we wait on the other fairies behind the fairy wall. The changeling fairy charm only lasts a couple of days. Then the classes will return too normal…”
Ibbie crosses her arms with a sneer to Gable. “No.”
Silence.
I exhale with a puff of annoyance, leaning forward, glancing through the fairy wall with a smile.
Yachel dances and laughs side to side, flying up and down from the ceiling with her puke green wings and dances with Stad with fun and smiles.
Zann dances with Hadwin.
I exhale with a puff of frustration, sitting back and staring at Ibbie with a sour frown.
Ibbie moves from the wall, strolling around the room with her crosses arms and sour face.
I exhale with a puff of annoyance, turning and staring down at my reader-tray and see the tiny file box that contains all the fairy fact and lore. I reach and tap my finger pad on the library, pulling out the tray the letter ‘P.’
I slap the letter ‘P’ when my reader-tray fills with a set of black words, long black sentences, and colored photographs of anyone or anything that starts with the letter ‘P.’
I stare and sneer at the wrong set of black words, long black sentences and colored photographs that do not contain a peak of pixie for the rest of the class time.
Ibbie turns and shuffles to the front of the class, swinging around without a smile. “Fairies are dismissed.”
I stand and scoot from the reader chair without moving.
The room is very crowded with a set of bigger and meaner fairies, shoving through the smaller younger fairies.
So I fairly wait my turn to leave the classroom.


11:01 a.m.
Hallway setting


I move through the open archway alone and scan the crowded hallway for a tall Britton or a petite Apella or a short Gable or a petite Kuelle inside a throng of shifting healthy fairies, turning with a grin and spy on Yachel behind the multicolored fairy wall.
The sick teen fairies laugh and shove each other side to side into the fairy wall and the rotten wooden wall, slowly pacing to the edge of the building.
Yachel hugs Stad on the arm with a smile and a laugh.
Of course, I cannot hear her laughter. Of course, I am angry at her smile.
Yachel is having a fun time with the other sick teen fairies as I am stuck in fairy tale mud hole with all the angry fairy mentors.


11:11 a.m.
3rd period Gem Class


I move through the archway with the other unnamed and unfamiliar healthy fairies and do not see Britton or Apella or Gable, stepping though the auditorium and exit into the bright sunlight.
And then I hear a scream.
I swing around and dash back into the auditorium and halt.
The auditorium is enclosed without windows, a high arched beamed ceiling, where plastic bits fall on top of your hair roots, if you don’t move swiftly.
The sick teen fairies roam around the enclosed room, staring at each other, fingering the door.
I gasp with shock.
The archway is only located on my side of the fairy wall, making the sick fairies trapped inside the auditorium plus the building of Fairy Academy.
Oviv stands in front of the hunter green fairy wall, saying with a smirk into her throat choker to the sick teen fairies. “You are stuck in there. The archway is located on my side of the fairy wall. Therefore, I would suggest that you practice your fairy wall within the limits of the walls and the ceiling, until the fairy charm has dissolved within your fairy body.”
Yachel says with a sour frown into her palm gem stone. “Fine. We’ll make our own doorway into the sunshine. Break it down, fairies.” She turns and nods to the sick fairies.
Oviv shakes her curls and her tiara with a smirk. “You can try and get harmed. This is a fairy charm, not a spell like a witch, girl. The fairy wall surrounds and enforces the other wooden walls, the ceiling and the floor inside the fairy school. You cannot dig out the dirt from the interior floor either. You cannot break down the concrete from the interior wall either. And you cannot fly through a wooden plank or out the ceiling planks either. You are in there staying put until the fairy charm has dissolved. Now, please excuse me. I have a fairy class to teach to the healthy fairies.” She spins around and moves to the archway of sunlight. “Healthy fairies, please, follow me.”
I gasp with shock, moving and fighting between the bodies, reaching and touch the wall with a sad face and a nod to see Yachel. “I am so sorry…”
Yachel nods with a sad face to Persia. “Me, too.”
I sob with my tears, touching my side of the fairy wall. “It will only last a few more days at most…”
She sobs with her tears, touching her side of the fairy wall. “Yeah. A few more days…”
I grin. “So fly around the room for fun. You were having fun during fairy lore class today.”
“We got no fairy mentors on this side of the wall. So we’re doing whatever we want. Except, I do miss my fun with you, Persia.”
I frown. “Me, too.”
She frowns. “Me, too.”
I back step with a nod and a sad face. “Bye. I gotta go to class…”
She nods. “Bye. See ya later.”
“Okay.” I back step from the fairy wall into the archway.
She nods with a sad face. “Okay.”
“Later, okay.” I back step from the fairy wall into the patio of bright sunlight and fall backward over the pieces of broken concrete steps.
Britton rushes and captures Persia, cuddling and standing her on top of the grass, seeing the fairy wall with Yachel and exhales. “Let’s go to class before we get into trouble.”
“Okay.” I whisper, swinging around and facing Oviv.
Outside dry grass and red dirt, warm temperatures with partly clouds without sunshine, Britton and I move to an empty spot, standing in a long line of healthy teen fairies.
Oviv stands on the side in the dry grass with a smile and a nod. “Good morning, health fairies. We have a wonderful fairy adventure planned today. Since there are many, many fairies present, we will be able to perform a starburst maneuver. This is an important concept for the fairy queen coronation parade.”
One of the healthy fairies asks. “Will the other fairies attend the fairy coronation too? They look like insects, instead of fairies…”
Oviv says into her throat choker. “Yes. All fairies will attend the fairy queen coronation parade. Now, I would all the fairies to stand within their own class mates. Each class is structured with specific flying skills.”
The teen fairies shuffle around into their appropriate academic classes.
Oviv grins. “Now, I would like the fifth class to fly at an attitude of two feet. The fourth class will fly at five feet. The third class will fly at eight feet for starters today. Then we will work each wave up to twenty feet or more for the rest of the week. Please begin.”
I wipe the tears inside Britton’s cuddle.
Britton whispers into her eardrum. “Ya gotta stay calm. Or you’ll fall off the wave, Persia.”
“I know but I’m sad about Yachel.”
“She’ll be fine in a few more days. Concentrate here now. There’re lots of fairies here. Someone could get hurt.”
“Okay.”
Britton cuddles her with a whisper. “You can ride with me today. Oviv can’t see us behind the rays of light. She’s just making sure all the rays are floating above the ground.”
“Okay.”
Britton cuddles Persia, shooting and emitting his dark blue wave into the burnt and black forest. The other gem stone waves had almost burnt down the tall green trees and low green plants from numerous wave practice sessions in Gem Class. He slowly lifts his ray at the required five feet with both him and Persia on top of his fairy wave.
I feel sadness for the black trees. The terrible scene makes me feel more sadness for Yachel and the other sick fairies. I lean into his chest, feeling his heart beat with a little bit of happiness.
His dark blue fairy wave slowly soars up into the bright sunlight for the class task.
Thirty minutes later…Oviv says through her throat choker. “You did very, very well, fairies. Class is dismissed.”
Britton lands his ray back down over the dirt.
I jump off, turning and dashing into the auditorium, scanning the fairy wall.
The sick fairies are gone. Yachel has left the auditorium room too.


12:04 p.m.
Hallway setting


I turn and dash through the dark tunnel and into the dark hallway, whipping around the other slower fairies and hit the staircase, stomping up two at a time and race down an empty hallway on the female sleeping level. I stop at the fairy wall in front of Yachel’s closed door, lifting and yelling into my palm gem stone. “Yachel, Yachel, I’m at your door…”
Yachel says via her palm gem stone. “I…not. Eating…Stad. Bye.”
Yachel is eating lunch with Stad.
I exhale with a puff of disappointment and swing back and move to my room.
The door opens.
I enter and move to the bed, resting with moisture in my eyeballs, ignoring the food tray at the door.
The door closes.


01:01 p.m.
4th period
Music Class


I slowly move through the hallway as each other fairy swiftly scoots and rushes into the next academic class.
I shuffle and ponder the events of the past few days with both angry and sadness, moving by the open archway of the music room and halt, back pedaling and stop. I turn and enter the music room, stopping.
Yachel and the other sick teen fairies behind the fairy wall are there, playing on a set of musical instruments.
Of course, I can’t hear the music, pacing to the fairy wall, seeing the numerous fingers flutter on the top of the metal.
Yachel turns with a grin and skips to the fairy wall with her flute, saying into her palm gem stone. “Hey, darling, we can’t go outside again, since the door is on your side of the wall.”
I frown, “How convenient?”
“What?”
“Nothing. You can’t go riding on your winged steed either.”
“Naw, but we’re practicing our music in the band. Sondson told us that we can play our music during the fairy queen coronation.”
I drop my mouth, “After all this?”
She frowns, “After all this what?”
“After all this mess with the fairy charm, you want to participate in the silly queen coronation. I don’t wanna be in the stupid coronation. I don’t think ya know this. But Apella says that she can convert ya’ll back into fairies, if she wanted to.”
Yachel grins. “I don’t believe Apella and her silly statements. Apella is a teen, not an adult. Anyways, it’s a fun parade for all including my parents. The entire island of fairies will be there too for the celebration.”
“How can you think about a celebration? You look like…”
“A fairy with a bad hair day.” Yachel reaches and touches her yellow fangs with a giggle, since she cannot reach the green colored wings. “Anyways, I didn’t blast my body with the protection charm like you did. This is the academy. This is the purpose…”
“Stop it, Yachel.” I exhale. “I just happened to be wearing my protection charm. I didn’t know what was going to happen during my kidnapping. Huh. Did the kidnappers get expelled from the academy?”
“Don’t know. I didn’t know the teens.” Yachel turns and views the archway with a sour frown. “Go on, Persia, go to class.” She spins around with a giggle and runs into the face and arms of Stad. He kisses her lips, shoving the instrument back into his face, blowing the musical nots.
Of course, I can’t hear the musical notes but see the romantic entanglement. “Yeah.” I swing around with a sour frown and move through the exterior archway, strolling and stopping beside Britton.
Britton stands, whistling with two fingers that are shoved into his mouth. The whistle is both weak and sissy.
I whistle with my pouted lips and wave my arms, indicating my position among the crowd of rider fairies.
The duchess horse flies to Persia based on her specific whistle and soars in the white clouds, dancing side to side with the other horses in playfulness.
I see her black wings, turning with a sour frown and a lady sneer to see the nose profile of Britton. “I find it both intriguing and interesting that Yachel can’t stand in the sunshine. Daffodilly told us the day of the changeling that the sick fairies need sunshine and fresh air. The hot sunshine and fresh air is supposed to affect and kill the nasty fairy charm germs…”
Britton removes his fingers, turning with a snarl to see Persia. “You should not call Mentor Daffodil by that inappropriate name. It’s disrespectful from a fairy, Persia.”
Betilly, the duchess horse lands and advances forward, stopping and stands in front of Persia, pawing the ground. She senses that her mistress is upset with the other fairy guy.
I turn and smile at Betilly, “Yachel needs the sun and wind to dissolve the changeling charm. If Daffodilly knows that secret information, then why did she block all the exit doors from all the sick fairies?”
Britton turns with a sour frown to scan the clouds for his duchess horse. “Mentor Daffodil and the other fairy mentors run the Fairy Academy, fairy Persia. They have been here for years, maybe decades…”
I laugh, reaching and patting Betilly on her soft forehead. “Maybe, the word, centuries, is the best term. And why’s the teen band going to play at the fairy queen coronation parade?”
“Naw, there is no musical band.”
“The band with Yachel, Stad, Zann is practicing inside the music room now. Sondson told them that they are playing at the coronation in the parade.”
He laughs. “Sondson is teasing the sick fairies, since their sick and ugly and …”
I stomp my boot in angry. “Where’s the fairy fort?”
He turns and frowns to Persia. “What?”
“Where is the fairy fort? I want to visit the queen. I have lived here for almost fourteen years and I have never seen the fairy queen in person. Does she really exist? I see her pictures on the wall.”
Britton smiles to Persia. “You should not demand things from the mature fairies, Persia. You should talk nasty about the elderly queen either.”
“I do not care about the queen. And I demand things like Yachel to be turned back into a normal fairy. The queen can change all the sick fairies back into their usual cute selves. I want justice…”
He turns and scans the sky for his duchess horse. “I wanna call my steed…”
“Did the kidnappers get punished by Daffodilly?”
“You shouldn’t call her that nasty name, Persia?”
I stomp my boot toe. “Where’s the fairy fort?”
“I don’t know.” He scans the clouds and whistles for his duchess horse with the sissy song.
I sneer. “Fine, I’ll find it on my own.” I stomp and stop at the side belly of Betilly.
He turns and frowns to Persia. “Are you going to wait for me?”
I pat the soft forehead of Betilly. “No.”
“Persia, you need my company.”
I rub her soft hair on the back spine, looking for any infected wounds or open cuts, “Naw.”
Britton exhales. “Persia, you need my protection….”
I rub her soft hair on her legs, looking for any open sore or cuts also, “Naw.”
“Persia, you need my…”
“Naw,” I shove Betilly away from me to signal that I want to ride.
You can only mount a draft or a duchess horse by a fairy wave as they run away from you for fun. She turns and gallops over the grass, tossing clumps of dirt in the air, extending her black wings for flight.
I turn with a grin and shoot out my magenta wave, leaping on top like a mature fairy, walking over the flat and stable carpet of sparkling blues and reds and jump from the wave and onto her back spine.
My palm gem stone sucks back the fairy wave.
I lean over her good smelling mane of roses, breathing it the sweet odor, kicking her belly with my boot heels.
Betilly gallops faster to the open, spreading her wings, lifting off the ground. Then they fly as one up and into the white clouds.
My hair and my blue jeans soak up the wetness from the clouds of water droplets, sneering at Britton, worrying about Yachel and ponder our queen and her fairy fort.
I fly south, viewing the landscape below for a fairy fort.
Among the cloudy skyline of sunshine, the beach shoreline along the southern sands shows lots of dead critters, including snakes, fish, and broken shells. The items come in from the flooding, last night.
“There’s nothing down there but water and smelly death.”
I kick Betilly as she soars faster, flying over the grassy meadows in the low valley. I lean into her mane, spying on the earth terrain. “I don’t see any houses or farms either. I’ve never ventured this far south either. So who lives down there?”
I kick her belly again. The duchess horse flies to the southern edge of the island.
“Hmm, I have never been here out here before. Have you, Betilly? Is this your home? Are we flying to your residence also?”
The horse flies over the thick woodlands, slowly turning back to the school. I frown and kick her stomach. Betilly turns and flies back to the school. I smile. “Time’s up for me. Tomorrow, you fly faster to the southern side of Fairyland. And I’ll look quicker too.”
Within the open green colored meadow among the warm temperatures with bright sunshine, Betilly slows and lands with a soft thud in the grass as I slide off the sweaty horse. The open meadow fields, the stack of broken steps, and the entrance hallway is empty of both the fairies and the winged horses. I run and dash into the building, seeing that music room is empty too with a growl. “My skyline flight was too long.”
Music Class ends at 02:58 p.m.


03:03 p.m.
5th period
Enchantment class


I race down the dark hallway and to the open archway of enchantment class.
The room is filled with other unnamed and unfamiliar teen healthy fairies again who are not my age either.
I move through the archway and elbow my way through a thick crowd, finding a lonely chair, standing at a tall table with Apella and Kuelle and scan the room with too many unnamed faces and familiar faces.
Britton turns and views Persia with a sour frown and cuts his eyelids at Molfalso with a nod and a whisper.
I turn and slide into the empty stool with a whisper for my eardrums only. “Let him be mad…”
Apella turns and grins to Britton and Persia. “Where ya been, Persia? I didn’t see ya flying around the skyline.”
I wipe my hands over the smooth reader-table with a lady growl. “One, the duchess horses don’t hang with the draft horses. Two, I don’t hang with you, Apella. Three, Molfalso’s band is going to play at the queen’s coronation.”
Apella gasps, “Naw.”
“Yeah,” I turn and grin to Apella.
“No.”
“Yes.”
“Not possible.” Apella frowns.
I grin. “Way possible. Sondson told Yachel, who told me. Now, I’m telling ya, my newest gossip item. What’s your newest gossip thread again?”
Kuelle turns and frowns at Persia, “A band at the queen’s parade?”
“A band will be playing music at the fairy queen coronation parade.” I grin.
Kaapo stands in front of the room in her amber shirt, cape, and matching tiara, wearing a pair of blue jeans and a pair of hunter green cowgirl boots with a smile and a nod. “Good afternoon, healthy fairies. Welcome to our new wonderful fairy and fair day.”
I turn and smile at the fairy wall of amber which indicates the fairy color for Mentor Kaapo.


Fairy Wall side, Yachel and all the sick fairies

The sick fairies enter the other half of enchantment classroom, toting numerous baskets and bags. They stand in the center of the room, knocking around the stools again.
Each stool slides around the room, attacking the walls, falling over each other.
The sick teen fairies drop down to the naked floor, unloading the baskets and the bags, spilling the contents over the tile. The bags contain food items, consisting of raw meats, vegetables, fruits, and beverages. The baskets contain numerous tiny bits of kindle wood.
Then the sick teen fairies stack the wood into a tall pyramid and stand, aiming each gem stone at the wood.
Fire.
They start a fire inside the tall pyramid of wood.


Fairy Wall side, Persia and all the healthy fairies


In front of the white wall, Kaapo says to each healthy fairy. “We will be…”
One of the healthy fairies stands and points with a worried brow to the fairy wall. “Fire, there’s a fire inside the other half of our room with the sick fairies behind the wall.”
Kaapo turns and gasps at the flaming fire, dashing to the fairy wall, hitting it with her hands. “Stop. Put out the fire, now.”
The sick fairies can’t hear the noise but one of them sees Kaapo. Stad turns and waves with a silly smile, jabbing a finger at the growing fire of burning wood.
Kaapo bangs on the fairy wall with both her fists with a worried brow, “Stop, no fire in there.” She shakes her curls and her tiara to the sick teen fairies who ignore her body movements.
The healthy fairies stand from the stools, sliding to the fairy wall, banging or pointing the fire too.
I lean to Apella with a worried brow. “Can the school really caught on fire?”
Apella turns and grins at the fairy wall. “Naw, but one of the stupid and sick fairies can catch on fire, if the fire gets out off of control…”
Kuelle turns and smiles at the fairy wall too. “They’re cooking food, not torching their bodies, Apella. The fairy wall cannot be removed until all the fairy mentors release the charm. They’re having a cookout with food. The food looks good too.”
Apella frowns. “How in Fairyland did they get all the raw meats and ripen fruit?”
Kuelle says. “They rob and steal from the kitchen. Part of the fairy wall divides the school building literally, splitting the rooms in half. They can wander around without supervisor for fun and nonsense while I work…”
I watch the fire cook the food as my mouth drools for food, skipping my lunch with depression and sadness. “We know, too. When does the fairy charm terminate or end or finish or whatever?”
Apella stares at the burning fire and the cooking food. “I don’t know.”
“Don’t know either.” Kuelle stares at the burning fire and the cooking food.
Kaapo turns with a sour frown and moves back to her post in front of the classroom. “Fairies, there is no alarm. They are cooking. Do not observe their single activity. We need to focus our class time on class…”
One of the fairies stares at the burning fire and the cooking food but can’t smell the odor. “I’m hungry.”
“I’m hot.” Another fairy laughs.
“I wanna go home to my parents.” A third fairy frowns.
“I’m thirsty.” A fourth fairy nods.
I giggle for my fun too. “I’m tired.”
Kaapo stands and faces each healthy fairy with a smile and a nod. “Today, we will…”
Kuelle giggles. “I gotta go to the bathroom.”
Molfalso laughs. “I gotta go hunting.”
Britton slaps Molfalso on the shoulder with a chuckle. “I gotta go fishing.”
I turn and watch the fun activity of the sick teen fairies inside their fairy enclosure.
Kaapo frowns. “Fairies, we will not perform any feats of fairy magic today. We will discuss…”
Enchantment Class finally ends at 4:44 pm without performing a new fairy charm.
Since the entire class time and all the eyeballs were spent, watching the sick fairies fart around inside their fairy enclosure.


05:05 p.m.
Hallway setting


I march out the classroom with a giggle and a grin for a wasted day, moving down the semi-lighted half hallway between Kuelle and Apella. 
Kuelle grins. “If it wasn’t for the ugly wings and drooling salvia, I might wanna be a sick fairy too. They do enjoy eating and drinking…”
“Not studying.” Apella frowns and studies her earring gem stone in her hands with additional fairy charms. “They’re missing all the newest fairy charms and techniques that the healthy fairies are learning from the fairy mentors.”
I turn and move up the staircase to the female sleeping rooms with a grin. “I ain’t learning nothing new. Are you learning nothing new too, Kuelle?”
“I’m learning to smile and laugh more, having a fun time as a fourth class.” Kuelle grins.
Apella grins and reads her earring gem stone. “A group of us are starting a club to practice shooting our gem stone waves…”
Kuelle stops and turns with a confused brow to see the tiara of Apella. “Practice, what?” 
“Shooting, what?” I stop and turn with a worried brow to see the tiara of Apella too.
Apella looks up with a grin to see Kuelle and Persia. “We’re going to shoot the tiny animals like rabbits and squirrels.”
I frown. “Tiny animals don’t live around us here at the academy. Or they’d drown from the nightly flooding.”
Kuelle frowns. “Persia’s right. And the tiny animals are food for the brownies, not us. So I dare for ya to break one of the fairy queen rules.” 
I turn and gasp at the nose profile of Kuelle. “That’s a fairy queen rule.”
Kuelle nods. “Yeah. No killing the wildlife ever.”
Apella frowns. “We’re meeting and shooting always. And the fairy queen will never know.” She turns and strolls down the semi-lighted half hallway to her private sleeping room.
“She knows everything and everyone.” Kuelle turns with a smirk and moves down the hallway to her sleeping room too.
I watch both the buttholes of Apella and Kuelle with a whisper and a worried brow, squatting and retrieving the food tray for supper. “She knows everything and everyone.”
The door opens.
I stand and enter my room to do my fairy lore assignment.


05:22 p.m.
3rd level floor
Bedroom setting of Persia
Dinnertime meal
Warm temperatures with dull sunlight


I eat, bath, and redress in that order into a pair of my non-washed and stained blue jeans, not caring if they’re stained or stinky and move to the archway.
My white wall morphs into horizontal waves of apricot and light brown.
I want to visit Yachel before I am scheduled to meet Britton on top of the watcher station, since Yachel and the other sick teen fairies can’t go outside due to the fairy wall.
I whisper for my eardrums only, since my bedroom wall has eardrums too. “Geez, not now, parents.” I exhale, swinging around with a stern face, sitting inside my reader-chair.
Her parents appear on the wall, sitting and cuddling on top of the ratty sofa with smiles. Her mom grins, “Persia, honey, good evening.”
“Hey.” I do not frown or smile, still being annoyed that my parents do not help Yachel.
“How was your day, honey?” Her dad grins.
I say. “The same, like yesterday, and the day before that, and the day before….”
Her dad frowns. “That is impossible, Persia. Yesterday was the weekend and it was raining. Today is a school day with sunshine.”
I say. “Yeah, it is sunny here, too.”
Her mom frowns. “What did you do today in your fairy sessions, honey?”
I say. “Not much, I watched the other fairies entertain us through the fairy wall. We don’t really do anything…”
Her dad frowns. “Yes, we have also heard that shared news.”
I frown. “Ya have from whom?”
Her mom says. “Persia, you are there to become the ‘bestest’ fairy in Fairyland. You need all the fairy skills which are being taught from the wonderful and talented fairy mentors on a daily basis. One day or two days of non-training will vitally affect your fairy performance. It is very important for you to study and learn all the different fairy charms and techniques…”
“I am.”
Her dad says. “We are receiving reports that you are not.”
“I am.”
Her mom says. “We are only concerned about our fairy child.”
“I am not concerned.”
Her mom frowns. “Persia, because of the fairy wall and the scare of the changeling charm, we cannot come and collect you. So, we are trusting you to learn as much as you can in becoming a great fair, Persia. Do you understand our concern?”
“I do. Well, I gotta go. See ya later! Bye! Love ya!” I stand, moving and running to the archway.
The door opens.
I turn and run down the hallway.
The door closes.


06:02 p.m.
Fairy Wall location
Hallway setting with Persia


I stop and sit at the fairy wall, hugging the smoothness with my nose and my hands. The wall is cool, not hot. I lift and say into my palm gem stone. “Yachel, are you inside your room?”
Yachel says via her gem stone. “No.”
“Where are you?”
“Else and where…”
“Are you coming back to the room, here?”
“No.”
“Yachel.”
Silence comes from my gem stone.
“Yachel?”
Silence.
I whisper for my eardrums only, “Yachel.” I stand and exhale with a puff of disappointment, turning and moving down an empty hallway and stomp down each step, seeing no other healthy or sick fairies. I turn and move down the semi-lighted hallway which is shared with the sick teen fairies too.
However, I am not seeing one single healthy fairy or a sick fairy inside the hallway and stop at the closet.
At 06:04 p.m. in front of the closet, the door opens.
I slowly enter through the archway and stop, seeing no other fairies in the small room, moving and climbing an empty staircase. I don’t hear any sound or noise or music or moans or groans from the other healthy teen fairies either.


06:06 p.m.
Watcher station setting
Moon light with bright stars


The door closes.
I stomp onto an empty floor of the watcher station, scanning the level, seeing no other fairy either and move around the floor, seeing no other fairy also and halt below the opening. I lift my palm gem stone to the air molecules.
My magenta ray zooms up through the ceiling opening, attaching to one of the poles.
I close my eyelashes, soaring through the opening and land on my boot heels.
I open my eyelashes, seeing the numerous tall poles of wavering torn and stained flags. I close my eyelashes, hearing no moans or groans from kissing fairies.
I open my eyelashes with a sour frown, turning and moving around the edge of the rooftop and do not see any other fairies, hearing a set of swish noises in the far distance.
I halt and tilt my head, hearing more swish sounds in the far distance and move to the edge of the rooftop, scanning the darkness. I see the dry dirt which will be wet with ocean water in about six more hours. I rotate around the edge, scanning more darkness and narrow my eyelashes. I see a group of tiny figures in the darkness at the edge of the thin forestland and a tiny spark of a crimson fairy wave.
The fairy wave belongs to Molfalso.
“The non-firing squad,” I shake my curls, swinging around with a laugh, “Yeah, I’m totally alone at the Fairy Academy now right here at the moment. Britton’s not here. Apella’s not here. Kuelle’s not here. Yachel’s here someplace else.” I exhale, strolling around the edge of the rooftop back to the opening. “Do nothing. Do nothing for the evening but do nothing.”
I pause at the ceiling opening, daring my psyche to jump without my fairy magic. “Nope, I am not dumb like Gable.” I stretch my palm down to create a fairy staircase with my limited fairy wave with a smile. “Yeah, I’m learning something in Fairy Academy, Mama.” I slowly walk down a shimmering and wobbling set of magenta steps and land on the level floor, “Carefully, child.”
I move and hear my own boot taps over the new lumber of the floor, down the staircase, and stand in front of the closed door on the ground level. “Darkness fallen on me.”
The door opens.
I move and turn into the semi-lighted hallway, seeing no other fairies, daring my psyche to shout some vile words or scream with horror. Then all the fairy mentors will hear and I will get into trouble.
I turn and move up the beaten up wooden staircase to my room on the third level, seeing no other fairies either with a whisper for my eardrums only. “Every fairy is busy but me.” I stop at my door.
The door opens.


06:21 p.m.
3rd level floor
Bedroom setting of Persia
Warm temperatures with dull sunlight


The door closes.
I stroll and cuddle on the ratty loveseat like a boyfriend chest, removing my boots and fold my legs underneath my fanny and access my palm gem stone. “Show me the fairy queen rules.”
The gem stone glows and fills with many yellow colored sentences.
“Whoa. The fairy queen is busy.” I stand and move to the reader-chair, sliding inside, removing my palm shell with the embedded gem stone and place inside the big pocket of the reader-tray.
The reader-tray turns into many black colored words and sentences.
I slam the hand level on the chair, sending the chair and me down to the floor as the chair reclines like a flat mattress. I see numerous black words and sentences appear on the white plastic ceiling with a giggle and a grin. “Yeah, this is a much better eye view. The fairy queen proclamation regulation and rules. No killings in fairyland. No stealings in fairyland. No flamings in Fairyland. No flyings about the clouds in Fairyland.
“First, some dumb fairy needs some more schooling with the no flamings rule. No stealings. No flyings about the clouds. Second, I fly Betilly above the clouds. Wait, no, I fly her into the clouds, getting wet from the moisture molecules. Then we soar down underneath the clouds. So that’s an interesting fairy queen rule. The lands, the houses, the farms, and the buildings belong to the fairy queen.” I gasp. “Really, my parents don’t own their house. That’s really strange. I can’t fly above the clouds and can’t own a house. More stupid fairy queen rules include the following. No wildlife dies by the hand of a fairy. No animal dies by the hand of a fairy. No fairy dies by the hand of a fairy. No brownie dies by the hand of a fairy.” I gasp. “Brownies were killed by the teen fairies during blacksmith shop. I wonder if I should tattle tale to someone, regarding that nasty and vicious crime. Don’t know. I can ask my parents I guess. No human dies by the hand of a fairy. Why would be I harm a human? We take care of the humans in the human world as a favor of something. That rule’s silly. No crops are harvested by a fairy.” I frown.
“Yachel and her parents harvest the farms on a daily basis. Apella was right. The fairy queen does ignore some of her own rules. A fairy wears a cape, a gem stone, and a head gear always. A fairy flies a coach and not a winged horse or unicorn. Why I am learning to fly a winged horse?
“Britton said it was for fun in fairy school. A fairy attends school until seventeen years old. Then the eighteen-year-old fairy works as assigned by the fairy queen.” I gasp. “I thought I picked out my fairy job. This rules said that the fairy queen picks my job. Apella is correct again. The fairy queen breaks a lot of her own made-up rules.” I exhale and slam the hand level, up righting my reader-chair.
I rub my eyeballs from reading too much non-homework assignments, dropping and wiping my hands over the reader-tray and clean off all the annoying fairy queen rules, staring up at the plastic white wall.
I wonder if I can will my parents to call me and retract my mental thought.
I feel sorta alone but sorta, not alone.
This is the first time being alone without my parents or my fairy friends, except going to sleep late at night during slumber.
I stare at the wall, thinking but doing no activity. I can’t practice my wave, too dark. I can’t jog through the halls, too dark. I can’t talk to Yachel, too dense. And I am not joining Apella or her little shooting club to killing other healthy tree leaves, too stupid.
I exhale and view my gem stone. I had quit the caressing of the smooth gold paired with the silky stone. My fingers are numb from rubbing the thing over and over again.
However, I do have one fairy school assignment: pixie.
I scoot out the reader chair, turning and trotting and plop back into the ratty loveseat, curling into a kitten-ball, lifting and shoving my palm gem stone into my nose and whisper. “Show me any body part of a pixie!”


The yellow letters of the gem stone show on my magenta gem stone… Data not available.

I whisper to my gem stone. “Show me, pixie hair!”

Data not available.

“Show me, pixie ears!”

Data not available.


Inside the reader-chair, I grit my teeth. “I’m not giving up, never. I’m a fairy, not a fart. Show me, pixie hands!”


The yellow letters of the gem stone show on my magenta gem stone… Data not available.
299th day Fairy Academy
Month of May
Next to last day of school classes


07:40 a.m.
3rd level floor
Bedroom setting of Persia


I roll down from the loveseat, after falling asleep on top of the ratty, smelly fabric, last night.
I had quizzed the gem stone with one million questions about pixies and then received one million data “not available” sightings.
I stand, wiping the drool from my lips with both hands, marching into the bathroom and splash cold water on my sleepy face and brush my teeth. I turn and move to the other side of the room and into my walk-in closet, dressing my short cute red dress and my pair of dirty cowgirl boots, turning and stomping to the archway.
The door opens.
I stand in the archway with my hands on my hips, scanning an empty hallway, turning and moving down the half hallway.
The door closes.
I turn and stare at the multicolored fairy wall that shimmers and shakes with numerous fairy waves, not seeing Yachel or Zann or any other sick looking girl fairies with a sour frown, swinging and stomping down the staircase alone.
And I turn and step into a semi-lighted hallway, blending my foot prints with the other healthy fairies for breakfast but I don’t see Apella or Kuelle either.


07:58 a.m.
Banquet room setting
Breakfast meal
Cool temperatures with partly cloudy


I follow the fairy wall and the stream of healthy fairies, feeling tired and sad. I stayed up late to read my gem stone, looking for information on pixies. Then I feel sad and miss Yachel’s company.
I move and scoot into a naked wooden table with my classmates, wobbling the broken chair side to side with a sour frown and scan the room.
All the tables are bare without a patched tablecloth. All the tables hold the remaining class of healthy fairies that scoots chairs and punch elbows into other fairy body parts.
Daffodil stands on half of the elevated wooden platform. The other half of the platform glows with the fairy wall. She lifts her arm with a smile and a nod. “Good morning, fairies. Welcome to another wonderful fairy day at the Fairy Academy. I want to remind. This is the next to last day with your precious fairy school days. Tomorrow is the 300th day of school. And we have a grand celebration planned for you and your parents. Now, let us break our bread…”
I stare at my bread and view the fairy wall, seeing the sick fairies but cannot hear the commotion.



Fairy Wall side, Yachel and all the other sick fairies

Each sick fairy flies above the naked tables, dive bombing chewed food particles from their throats onto the walls, the floor, and the tables, missing the plates and sometimes hitting each other. Then each reacting sick fairy tosses back food or chews the food and spits it back at the attacking fairy.


Fairy Wall side, Persia and all the other healthy fairies

On the opposite side of the glittering colorful fairy wall, inside my breakfast room, I gag and turn my green colored face to the wooden wall, feeling sick to my stomach.
Beside Persia, in the breakfast chair, Gable stares at the sick teen fairies. “Now, that’s the most disgusting sight in Fairyland. The changeling fairy charm makes ya act and look like a boggart.”
“What?” I turn and frown at the nose profile on Gable.
She chews and swallows. “A boggart is an untrained, untamed, and uncivilized fairy. The clan died out when the first Fairy Queen destroyed them. That’s how she became the Fairy Queen over Fairyland.” Apella eats her bread.
“A boggart looks like the sick fairies ugly, drooling salvia, and vomiting nasty food particles.” Eadric stares and chews with his mouth open at the flying fairies.
Britton laughs. “I’m glad I didn’t get whacked with the fairy charm.”
“Me, too.” Molfalso chews and stares at the flying fairies.
Kuelle chews and stares at the fairy wall. “Yachel, Zann, Stad, Hadwin, Walcott…”
Nabell says. “They can’t hear ya, Kuelle unless ya talk into your gem stone.”
Kuelle stares at the fairies. “I’m not talking to the sick fairies. I’m counting the number of sick fairies over the fairy wall…”
“Why?” Apella turns and views the fairy wall.
Kuelle frowns. “There are twenty fairies in our fourth class. Five fairies turned and morphed from the changeling fairy charm. That’s one-fourth of our class. Now, I’ve counted about twenty fairies over the fairy wall. Our entire fairy classes hold hundred fairies…”
“That’s one-fourth again.” Gable spits his food with a laugh.
Molfalso laughs. “Or twenty-five percent…”
“Or four divided by hundred which is point two five.” Gable laughs.
“Your point, girl?” Britton turns and frowns to Kuelle.
I frown. “My point is that this is the next to last day of fairy school and the sick fairies are still sick fairies inside their imprisoned fairy wall. How are they going to go home tomorrow on the last day of fairy school? Anyone? Does anyone have an answer or a comment or an opinion?”
Kuelle exhales. “My point and Daffodilly’s point, this is the ‘mostest and bestest’ invasion of the changeling fairies at the academy, to date. The number of twenty morphed fairies flying around the air waves, tossing their chewed cookies should tell us something.”
Britton laughs. “Yeah, it does. We are going home. They are staying here.”
“What?” I turn and frown at Britton.
Britton chews and nods. “I hear from my parents. The sick fairies are really sick and they are not going anywhere. But they are staying here.”
I stand with a sour frown. “Yeah, it does. This is a silly game and they’re the victims. Why doesn’t one of the mature fairies change them back? This silly thing is against all and every fairy rule in the fairy book.”
Apella stares at the fairy wall with a smirk. “The puke green colored wings appear tiny at first and then the body grows smaller in height. They’ll become diminutive like our ancestors from the beginning of time, if the charm doesn’t dissolve before the end of the summertime days. However, the library is stored with tons of fairy information. The Fairy Queen has the power to morph a deformed fairy back into the original fairy. So tell Yachel to make a royal appointment, if she can?” she chews her bread.
I turn with a sad face to see the fairy wall as Britton steals her bread, staring and chewing at the sick fairies.
Daffodil grins. “We have finished our bread. Please go to your assigned classrooms for the start of a wonderful fairy day.”
Britton stands and grabs Persia’s arm, turning and dragging her from the fairy wall to class and cuddles her, moving through the archway and down the hallway in silence.


09:01 a.m.
1st period
Fairy Lore Class


I enter and scoot away from Britton and find an empty reader-chair. Today, I’m in the middle of the class room. My reader-chair and my mind face and focus on the fairy wall along with the rest of the reader-chairs.


Fairy Wall side, Yachel and all the other sick fairies

Each sick teen fairy has brought a basket of play balls into their fairy enclosure today. The fairies fly in the air, playing baseball, pitching the ball, hitting the ball back and forth. The ball hits the wall, ricocheting around the room.
Then the sick teen fairy laughs and plays a game of dodge ball with the flying baseball, racing around the room, hitting the wall too.


Fairy Wall side, Persia and all the other healthy fairies

On the opposite side of the gleaming colorful fairy wall, the room of healthy fairies sound with a series of giggles and laughs at the sick teen fairies behind the fairy wall.
Ibbie stands in front of the white wall and stares the side of each reader chair, shouting out loud with a sour frown. “Please, scoot your face to see me.” Each reader-chair slowly turns and faces her. She exhales with frustration at each healthy fairy face. “Do we have one or more oral presentations for this morning?” She doesn’t see any movement, turning and placing her broach pin gem stone into the wall slot and face each fairy with a sour frown. “No. I would like to remind that this is the next to last day of fairy school…”
One fairy points to the fairy wall, without moving the reader-chair. “What about the sick fairies inside the fairy wall?”
Ibbie says with a smile and a nod. “Yes. The infected and contagious sick teen fairies will not be presenting an oral fairy lore presentation on the last day of fairy school which is tomorrow. But the rest of fairies inside my classroom will. Thus, I expect an oral presentation for tomorrow to hear from all the current remaining and silence fairy students, so far. Therefore, I will lecture for the rest of the class time. I will start at the beginning with the first letter from our tiny library which is also duplicated on your reader-tray also. When I drag my gem stone from the cabinet door, it opens. The first item that I pull from the cabinet is called apple. An apple is a red juicy piece of fruit…”
I exhale, looking down to see my reader-tray. It is filled with numerous black colored words and sentences. Ibbie is talking to keep all the reader-chairs from turning and staring at the aqua colored solid fairy wall.


Fairy Wall side, Yachel and all the other sick fairies

Behind the fairy wall, each sick fairy flies around the room, driving the sitting chairs like a coach. They seat backwards inside the seat, except there is a set of individual wooden steering wheels which is attached to the back rest on each chair. Sometimes, a sick teen fairy hits another chair. Then, the chair and the fairy hit the wall. Each sick teen fairy laughs with a smile.
Sometimes, all the chairs race around the room together. When the first chair stops, the circle of fairies stops behind the chair too. Then, each sick fairy laughs with a smile while flying around the room again.
Each sick fairy is having some sweet fun playing games, instead of studying boring fairy fart tales.


Fairy Wall side, Persia and all the other healthy fairies

On the opposite of the fairy wall, I can’t see the commotion behind the fairy wall due to Ibbie talking. I exhale, resting both my elbows on top of the reader tray, lowering my chin and staring at the front wall. My eyeballs see Ibbie and the words, but my mind is blank. My heart is worried.
Tomorrow is the last night of fairy school. Yachel and the other sick fairies have been imprisoned and not healed for months now.
Ibbie turns and removes her broach pin gem stone from the wall, drinking a cup of water after talking for almost an hour and softly says. “Dismissed. Tomorrow, I would like another oral presenter besides me.”
I stand, turning and elbowing my way through the thick crowd of healthy fairies with a sour frown.
Fairy Lore Class ends at 09:53 a.m.


10:02 a.m.
Hallway setting


Britton cuts through the crowd and dashes to Persia, catching and cuddling her into his chest, moving to the Gem class.
I feel sad. “I don’t wanna go to class. Can I be excused for the rest of the day?”
He frowns. “Fairies don’t get sick. And fairies don’t cut class. We’re fairies, learning fairy stuff.”
“I don’t feel like learning nothing. I’m really worried about Yachel and Zann and…”
He chuckles, “Naw, they are fine and dandy tomorrow…”
I exhale, “Tomorrow was Sunday. This is Monday, the next to last day of fairy school. It’s been too many seconds, minutes, hours, days and months, since they were morphed into these ugly beings. When are they going to turn back into a normal fairy?”
“The fairy charm has to wear off, like wear off.”


10:06 a.m.
Gem Class setting

I stomp through the archway, slowly moving through the auditorium, turning to see the fairy wall without any sick fairies and halt with a gasp. “Where are they?”
Britton grabs and drags Persia by the arm to the archway. “Sleeping, eating, playing, or goofing off. Come on. We got work to do as fairies.”
“They’re fairies too.” I step into the bright sunshine, stopping and stand in a semi-crooked line of wiggling fairies.
Oviv stands to the side in the dry grass and touches her throat choker gem stone. “I wanna remind here. Our goal is practicing for the upcoming fairy queen coronation parade for next year which is about this same time period of autumn weather and falling leaves from each tree. So, we are still working and perfecting our gem stone fairy wave showcase moves. Today, we are going to soar up into the clouds. However, each gem stone wave has a fairy limit. Today, you will test your personal fairy wave limit and I will be monitoring your flight. I want each fairy to fly one at a time from the ground level up as high as you dare without falling out your fairy wave. If you happen to tumble from your wave, then I will catch you…”
Each teen softly moan.
Oviv grins. “Don’t worry. I have been teaching for decades…”
“Centuries.” Britton yells with a chuckle.
I exhale with a puff of worry, pondering Yachel and the other sick fairies.
Gable says into his cuff link lime green gem stone. “Mentor Oviv, I wanna participate in the fairy queen parade, but I don’t wanna fly into the clouds. Can’t I ride a unicorn on the ground, instead?”
Oviv grins. “Can you ride a unicorn, Fairy Gable?” 
The teens sound with a series of giggles and chuckles.
Oviv says. “Both your question and my question are very good queries. So to answer both queries as a trained fairy mentor, I will determine who can or cannot surf the wave during the fairy queen coronation parade. We don’t want any flying fairies falling down on the floats. Today is the next to last day of fairy school. And I do not see happy smiles or happy cheers. Don’t worry. We will have plenty of time for the next fairy school session to work on your fairy flying skills too. However, to determine who can or cannot surf the wave, I must visually see this event. So I will start here with the nearest fairy like always, Fairy Apella. Show off for the other fairies, Fairy Apella. How far can your gem stone wave soar into the clouds and to the sun?”
Apella touches and wiggles her earring gem stone down to the ground at the sandals. Her golden wave surrounds her sandals and travels forward over the dry dirt, the green grass, and the loose rocks and smashes into the burnt trees. She lifts her golden wave with a smile from the flat ground and over the tree top and into the tip of the wet clouds.
Oviv looks up to see the bottom of the fluttering golden fairy wave with a smile. “Very good, Fairy Apella, please come back down to the earth.” She turns and views the next fairy with a nod and a smile. “Now, every other fairy has a wave height standard to meet. Fairy Gable, please activate your gem stone wave…”
Gem Class ends at 04:55 p.m.


05:01 p.m.
Fairy Wall location
5th level floor
Hallway side with Persia
Warm temperatures with bright sunshine


For the past 159 school fairy days, I have limped around my academic classes without participating, without happiness and without eating. I continue to worry about Yachel, Zann, and the other sick teen fairies.
The fairy mentors are just as frustrated during class times. They can’t get the healthy fairies to pay attention in class, since the fairy wall exhibits the funny commotions of the sick fairies.
The sick fairies fly around, racing chairs or tossing balls or cooking food that perturbs and disturbs the academic atmosphere.
However, I am more frustrated. The sick fairies have not been morphed into ugly beasts for forty-five days and counting forward to the end of the academic year.
I lean my face into the coolness, feeling the fairy wall, talking into my palm gem stone. This is the only method of communication between the fairy wall and my best friend, who possesses the changeling fairy charm. “Hey.”
Yachel sits on the floor on the other side of the wall, saying into her pale blue palm gem stone shell. “Hey.”
“What did you do, today?”
“Read and eat and pee…”
“Don’t you wanna go to class too?”
“We’re not allowed outside. The fairy wall blocks all the archway exits and the glass windows. Believe me. We have been testing them good, producing bad results. The rotten wood busts and breaks, exposing the bright sunlight inside the auditorium. Daffodilly was screaming and yelling behind the fairy wall at us. However, we muted our gem stones, not hearing her soprano. However, the combined fairy mentor’s charm is powerful. We can break the wood, not the invisible wall. So we’re really stuck and trapped, in here.” She taps on the fairy wall with a sour frown.
I can’t hear the tapping on the wall with the knuckles but see the motion. “Why not?”
“Don’t know. What are you doing in class?”
“Nothing. We can see your fun time, racing the chairs and stuff. You’re distracting all the fairies. Ibbie gets so mad that her neck veins almost burst open.”
“Good. We’ve invaded all the other classrooms once or twice. The fairy mentors, all are going crazy too. It was fun at first. Now, whatever.”
I nod. “It’s part of the changeling charm. When will you change back to yourself?”
“Don’t know.”
I nod. “Yeah, don’t know either. Does Daffodilly talk with ya’ll?”
“Naw. She yells from behind the fairy wall. There’s a range of ages among the affected fairies. Some of the older ones from first class have been trying to schedule a formal meeting with Daffodilly. They’re trying to find out how much longer we stay ugly fairies behind the fairy wall. So far, no go.”
“Why not?”
She shrugs her shoulders as her wings flutter. “Don’t know either.”
I tap my fingers on the cool wall. “Well I’m going to find one. There must be an answer within the library. The library holds all the gem stones of history of Fairyland. This thing must have happened before. Right?”
“We can’t access the entrance of the library.”
I gasp. “Why not?”
Yachel giggles. “You say that, a lot.”
“Why not?” I giggle. “Cause, I don’t know either. Okay. This is the next to last day of fairy school. What are you and the other fairies going to do about leaving the school and going back home? I mean my parents are coming to get me tomorrow during the spiral tunnel ride which I don’t like anyways…”
She looks down at her palm gem stone, wiping the tears. “I do know.”
I slam the fairy wall with my hands and my nose. “What do you know, Yachel?”
She wipes the tears from her face. “I do know that it is the next to last day of fairy school. Daffodil told us last night when we were raiding the kitchen for more food stuffs. As sick fairies, we are hunger all the time. And as the sick fairies here, we stuck inside the fairy school until…”
I gasp, “Until when?”
She sobs with her tears, “Until whenever, too? She said that our parents did not want us to come home either and contaminate the young’uns and elderly fairies. So we are all stuck here until whenever the changeling fairy charm…”
“Curse.”
“I like to curse all my bad words behind closed door, darling.” Yachel softly giggles. “But we are…”
“…are not. No. We are not going to be stuck inside the smelly and rotten walls of Fairy Academy for the entire summertime days too. No.”
Yachel gasps. “You can go home, Persia.”
“No. I am staying here with you, Yachel. If you stay right here, I will right here too.”
She fakes a smile. “Persia, you should go home to your parents. They want you to be home for the summertime days.”
“What do you parents and the other fairy parents say, Yachel?”
She shrugs as her wings flutter. “They agree with Daffodil that we all must stay without infecting the other healthy fairies too.”
I slam the fairy wall with my palms. “I do not believe that lie.”
“I do.” She wipes the tears. “Persia, I do not want to harm another fairy, especially a young fairy child. I would feel so sad, if something bad happened. So the other fairies have agreed to our parents’ wishes and Daffodil’s concerns.”
I nod, “Me, too. Okay, sit tight.”
Yachel wears a silly grin and rolls her eyeballs.
I lift my palms with a grin. “Okay. Hang from the ceiling like a bat. I’m going to find the cure for the changeling fairy charm. I’ll devote all my night and find a solution. Don’t worry. I am a smart fairy too.”
She gasps. “Persia, I appreciate all your fairy effort. But there’s Britton and Betilly. This is the next to last day of fairy school. Your parents won’t let you see Britton during the summertime days.”
I exhale. “I know. And Britton has joined some type of shooting club, created by Apella. Every late afternoon, the club members go hunting and killing the sick tree leaves on the surviving tree branches from the flood…”
“Hunting for what?”
“I just told ya, sick brown tree leaves.” I giggle. “Don’t really know or care. It’s something else to do, unwinding and blowing off their frustrations too. All the fairies and mentors are frustrated about the situation too and can’t do nothing about it either.”
“What about riding your duchess horse?”
“Yeah, I do that in the afternoon. Britton got one too. He doesn’t want fly on a lady horse, preferring the male draft horse which didn’t like his smell. I go out into the clouds, flying around the skyline. I still can’t find the fairy fort. Where is it?”
“In the south…”
“The south?” I drop my mouth. “I’ve been flying in the southern direction. I ain’t seen it yet. But I found a tall mountain peak with no flowers, no grass, no trees, and no animals just a tall piece of rock. But it’s gotta a weird…”
She frowns. “Stay away from the mountain…”
I drop my mouth. “Why?”
“Just do.”
“Why?”
“That mountain is haunted.”
I giggle. “Now, I’m curious. Haunted with ghosts? Naw. Ghosts haunt buildings and structures or graveyards. Why aren’t the ghosts haunting the graveyards?”
She exhales, “Their human ghosts, not fairy ghosts. That’s a big difference.”
I nod. “O bad to remember from me. Human ghosts, they haunt fairies and buildings. Yeah right, I learned something today.”
“I don’t think there is a human graveyard either.”
“O good to remember from me. There’s no human graveyard. Where’re their bones?”
She shrugs as her wings flutter. “Dust to dust, I guess.”
“O bad to remember from me. If the bones were found, then the ghosts would haunt the gravesite instead, right?”
“Maybe!”
I nod. “I got two goals to accomplish for the rest of the year. You, back into normal and the ghost, back into the grave…”
“Maybe, I hope the charm wears off soonest.”
I nod, “Me, too.”
Zann appears, standing above Yachel’s hair roots with a smile to Persia. “Hey, Persia.”
“Hey, Zann.”
“Come on, Yachel. Stad and the others are having some fun near the library. They figured out that Daffodilly’s bedroom is located there. We’re going to spend the night, haunting her walls with moans and groans.” She giggles.
Yachel stands with a grin and a giggle. “I’m there. See ya’ll later, Persia.”
I stand with a nod and a giggle. “Moan and groan a couple of sounds for me too.”
Yachel grins, “Shore will.” She and Zann turn and fly down the half hallway with their fairy wings and disappear.
I turn and march to my room.
The door opens.


06:30 p.m.
5th floor level
Bedroom setting of Persia


I enter the room. The door closes. I slide down into my reader-chair, touching my gem stone to the reader-tray. The tray illuminates in white and then displays a set of numerous black words and long sentences with the letter of ‘P.’
I have spent the last forty days and nights, studying each picture and symbol from the letter A up to letter P, searching and looking for a pixie toe or a pixie wing tip or a pixie hair strand. And I have been very unsuccessful for meeting my fairy lore class assignment.
I wipe the reader-tray with both my hands, clearing the many sentences, starting a new search.
I tap on the black box, containing the letters of the alphabetic string and drag out the letter of C.
I fingernail write… Changeling fairy charm, give details!


The library writes over the reader-tray… See Fairy Queen.


I tap on the letter F and fingernail write… Changeling fairy charm inside the Fairy Queen topic, give details!


See Fairy Queen.


I frown and fingernail write… Give details of the Fairy Queen’s changeling fairy charm.


See Fairy Queen.


I frown and fingernail write…See Fairy Queen and give the details of the changeling fairy charm.


Teen fairy Persia, you need to make an appointment with the Fairy Queen for any details of the changeling fairy charm.


Inside the reader-chair, I gasp and then whisper. “See Fairy Queen. That means to talk directly with the Fairy Queen. I can’t do that. No one can do that. I’ve never seen the Fairy Queen in public either.”
I fingernail write…What are the components of the changeling fairy charm as told by the Fairy Queen?


The library writes on the reader-tray… See Fairy Queen.


Print out the noun-verb combination of the changeling fairy charm.


Only the Fairy Queen can activate the changeling fairy charm.


Inside the reader-chair, I gasp and then whisper, “Only the Fairy Queen, no, naw, nope.”
I fingernail write… The Fairy Academy was infected with a changeling fairy charm, turning the fairies into ugly beings with fangs, claws, and wings. What is the counter charm?


The library writes on the reader-tray…See Fairy Queen.



I slam my hands on top of the reader-tray with a sour frown. “So, only the Fairy Queen can activate and infect a fairy and then only the Fairy Queen can deactivate and disinfect a fairy. Why did she do this? How did she do this? Daffodilly told us that she gave the Fairy Queen permission to infect the fairies for fun. My parents told me that it was a test of protection charm which I passed by pure luck.” I stand and swing to the door with a sour frown. “I can’t change Yachel. I’m not the Fairy Queen. I don’t possess her talented fairy powers, but I am a fairy too. So, think of something else, fairy Persia!”
The solid white plastic wall wiggles side to side in the colors of apricot and light brown.
I exhale. “The parents are bothering me again.”
I turn and face the wall beside the reader-chair without sitting with a sour frown.
The wall morphs into her parents on the sofa with a head of black hair and a face of smiles.
Her mom grins. “Good evening, honey. How are your lessons coming?”
I cross my arms. “Okay.”
Her dad grins, “Hi, sweetheart! Did you enjoy flying the winged steed? We don’t have any here at home.”
I frown, “Yeah.”
Her mom frowns. “You seem upright, Persia.”
I exhale, “A little.”
Her dad frowns. “I know the circumstances are not ideal. However, we are fairies…”
“Gotta go! Later, ya’ll! Bye! Love ya!” I slap my palm gem stone down onto the reader-tray.
All the words, sentences, and faces disappear.
I walk backward from the door with a sour frown of frustration and defeat, slamming my back spine into the wall. Some of the rotten boards fall over the dirty carpet, making it dirtier. I slide down on the floor, holding my face between my palms, sobbing with my tears.
“What’s wrong, fairy?” The she-ghost enters and floats through the side wooden wall into Persia’s room.
The fairy mentor didn’t relocate my earth rocks from my original bedroom into my new fairy room. And I forgot to find and bring more earth rocks from outside the dirt after transferring into my new bedroom.
I wipe my tears without seeing the she-ghost. “This is my fun time at school. But I’m not having any fun. And you can’t scare me either. I’m too sad to be mad.”
The she-ghost floats around the room, moving through the furniture, looking at the tiara of Persia. “What are you sad about, fairy?”
I lift my face, wiping off my tears. “My school oral assignment of pixies is due tomorrow. And I can’t find any datum.”
The she-ghost frowns, “Your fairy school assignment, of course, what about your other fairy friends, fairy?”
I sneer at her. “I cannot. I do not have to explain my teen fairy thoughts or my teen fairy actions to you, she-ghost. You are welcome to leave my room, now.”
“I know about pixies.” She turns and grins to Persia, floating in front of the swollen crying face of the fairy. “I know about pixies, fairy.”
I exhale. “Ya can’t. The gem stones can’t tell me either.”
“I can.”
“You can’t.”
“I can.”
I frown. “Tell me then!”
The she-ghost grins, hovering near the floor in front of Persia. “Pixie is a human-like creature with a tone of pale tinted skin and a head of cropped short black hair, wearing a pair of wings like a fairy. The pixie mood is both friendly and nice. The sense of humor is mischievous and child-like. And they reside inside the beds of pretty flower gardens. The word pixie means ‘wee little fairy.’”
I gasp, “Naw.”
“Yeah.”
“No.”
“Yes.”
“You lie!”
“I cannot lie. I am a ghost.”
I frown. “How do you know all the information of a pixie?”
“I saw one, a very long time ago.”
“Why aren’t you haunting the graveyards, instead of the building?”
“I died here.”
I gasp and scan my bedroom.
The she-ghost stares at Persia. “Why are you all alone in your room without the other fairies?”
I look down at the repaired wooden planks on the floor with a sad face. “I miss my friend Yachel. I’m worried about her.”
The she-ghost floats up to the ceiling with a nod and a smile. “She is my friend too. I am worried about her too, fairy.”
I look up with a lady sneer to see the she-ghost. “Ghosts didn’t have friends.”
She floats around the room, moving through the furniture. “I have other friends too, fairy.”
I frown. “How did ya see a pixie?”
“A long, long time ago, I have been here a long, long time…”
I exhale. “So if you’ve been here a long, long time. Then you would know how to change Yachel who is your friend and my friend back into a pretty normal fairy.”
She twirls around, floating to the bed frame. “I have witnessed the cruel changeling fairy charm many times before here at the Fairy Academy, fairy. However, it is very usual for the charm to extend its present for so long of time.”
“Can you fix it?”
She spins around with a smile and a nod to see Persia. “I can fix it, fairy.”
I frown. “How can you fix it, she-ghost?”
“Fairies came from the woodlands before living inside a wooden house. It was your original homeland, so to speak. Therefore, any damage of a body limb or an open wound would always be completely healed inside the woodlands. So simply, the changeling fairies need to be absorbed by the woodlands again to convert back into their originals state of fairy…”
I stand with a smile. “I agree. You’re very smart, she-ghost.”
“My name is Lady Margaret.”
I smile. “You are very smart, Lady Margaret. Yachel can’t escape the fairy wall. Can you fly through the fairy wall?”
“Yes, fairy, I am a spirit without matter. And I understand your logic. However, I cannot float objects with my invisible hands. However, I could easily generate an invisible wind storm blowing a few tiny twigs of woodlands into the fairy school building.”
I grin. “That’s a great plan. However, me or you or a twig cannot penetrate the impenetrable multi-colored fairy wall.”
She grins. “Then my friend and your friend Yachel needs to find and locate a twig within the fairy wall perimeter.”
I nod. “Yeah, she does. And yes, she can. There would be plenty of wooden twigs all over the rooftop and around the watcher stations from the blowing winds.”
“Yachel cannot go outside the fairy wall.”
I exhale. “Yeah, she can’t. So she can simply use a knife, creating a big pile of sawdust. Sawdust is a by-product of sawed wood. And the wood can come from the wooden staircase or the wall…”
“No, fairy, the woodland twig must be fresh and not contaminated with the bacteria of rotten wood like here inside the Fairy Academy. Your logic was sound before. My friend Yachel must find and touch a fresh woodland twig, wiping it all over her biological body in a preferably naked state. The naked skin is closest to the heart and the mind, fairy.”
I snap my fingers with a smile. “There’re fresh tiny twigs down inside the basement. However, the twigs contain mud and leaves too.
She floats side to side in front of Persia with a nod and a smile. “A very good idea, fairy Persia.”
I frown. “Ya know my name?”
She turns and winks to Persia. “I know everything, fairy Persia.”
I grin. “You do at that.”
She says. “The mud and dry leaves are part of nature too. The mud will dry over the naked body and accelerate the rate of conversion for the changeling fairies into the normal fairies too.”
I grin. “And Yachel and the other fairies could go there right now.”
The she-ghost grins. “Yes, she can. And I can fly through the fairy wall, locating Yachel and the other fairies, explaining the magical effects of the tree twigs and the wet mud. But I will be back, fairy Persia.” She flies backward and disappears through the wooden wall.
I dance around the room with a smile and a clap. “Tree twigs, I hope it works. And I hope I beat out the old Fairy Queen and her wicked fairy curse. Yeah, take that you, farting fairy queen.” I halt and whip my hands side to side in circle with a grin and a giggle.
The she-ghost enters and floats from the wall with a smile and a nod to Persia. “I found Yachel and then explained about the dry tree twigs and the wet mud which is located down in the basement of the fairy school.”
I stand and bow at my waist, lifting my torso with a smile to the she-ghost. “Wow, you’re quick. Thank you, Lady Margaret. I’m very happy, relieved, and grateful.”
She frowns. “I didn’t do anything but relay information to my friend Yachel.”
“My friend Yachel, she suffers the changeling fairy charm when I don’t. No one like the fairy mentors wanted to help her either. I felt so lost and helpless. But you have helped my best friend Yachel, one…”
“My friend, too.”
“And, you can be my friend, three.” I giggle.
The she-ghost grins. “I would like that, fairy Persia. And I can help you with your fairy assignment of pixies.”
I drop my mouth. “How? There’s nothing on pixies. No words. No sentences. No pictures.”
The she-ghost floats in a circle with a smile. “I saw one, a long time ago. Remember, my new fairy friend Persia?” She creates a wind storm inside the room of Persia.
I slam my body back into the cracked bed poster frame and climb on top of the bed covers.
The she-ghost twirls around and around, plucking different materials from the items around the room.
A rotten piece of board falls from the wall, the size of a notebook as her whirlwind catches it. The board gently flies through the air and rests on top of the low table in front of the ratty loveseat.
Three separate ribbon pieces from the ratty bedspread rip and then fly from the fabric folding into an upright cylinder shape.
The cylinder shape parks on top of the rotten board vertically, like a slender body in bright orange hue. Then two more ratty pieces from the bedspread fold up and into two tiny cylinders which appear like two arms on a body.
Her whirlwind rips up and tears some of the dirty black carpet threads from the floor. The wind wraps them around the top of the cylinder shape like a set of tiny curls of hair.
Her wind chases and captures the specks of green mold from the corner walls. The green mold is curled into two circles and is applied to the bright orange fabric below the black yarns of carpet like a pair of two eyeballs.
I giggle at the creative pattern on top of the rotten board over the low table.
Her whirlwind chases and captures some of the scattered small piles of red sawdust from the broken red cider wooden planks on the wooden wall.
The red sawdust swirls in a circle and lands with slight plop on each side of the orange fabric, shaping the sawdust into a set of long oval shapes like a pair of two red fairy wings.
I clap with a smile as Lady Margaret continues to construct a pixie model for my oral presentation in fairy lore class.
The material pixie wiggles side to side from the whirlwind of the she-ghost.
The she-ghost stops twirling and floats, staring at Persia.
I clap with a grin and a giggle at the object. “Thank you. Thank you so much, Lady Margaret. She’s beautiful. I love my pixie doll. I’m so grateful for your whirlwind. If there’s anything that you need, please ask me?”
The she-ghost gasps. “Are you being really truthful, fairy Persia?”
I giggle and smile at the pixie doll. “Yes. I’m fairy. I always tell the truth.”
The she-ghost nods. “Yes. Fairies always do tell the truth. If you are being truthful, then I will accept your favor.”
I gasp and view her. “Is there something that I can do for you? What’s it? You’re a ghost. What does a ghost need?”
The she-ghost smirks. “I will come for my favor, one day,” she swings around and floats ahead into the solid side wall, disappearing from Persia’s room.
I gasp, sliding off the bed mattress, stomping to the archway.
The door opens. I stand in the archway with a gasp.
Yachel and Zann race up and down the hallway on their side of the fairy wall. They are colored in bright red mud from the top of the tiara and down to the toe nails over a naked body. The puke green wings glow within the darkness of the hallway as the shiny red mud gleams on a naked body.
I clap with a giggle and a grin.
Yachel sees Persia, turning and stopping with a smile of her yellow two long fangs, dancing and wiggling side to side for fun. Her fairy wings flutter up and down on her back spine. She winks and gives the okay signal with her thumb, turning and dancing down to her room for the evening.
I giggle with happiness for the first time in weeks and back step from the archway, swinging and staring at my pixie doll as it wiggles side to side from the slight wind breeze.
300th day Fairy Academy
Last day of school as Fourth Class fairy, wee tart


09:05 a.m.
Banquet room setting
Breakfast meal
Warm temperatures with bright sunshine


I prance side to side with glee, fluttering my fairy cape side to side with happiness and dance into the banquet room all alone on the last day of Fairy Academy.
I slide into a naked table into a chair that faces the open archway without my fairy classmates with a giggle as my fairy classmates are still sleeping or dressing for the last day of fairy school.
I lift and tear my bread, buttering and eating it in four bites and steal the bread on the plate next to my arm for my fairy fun. I tear and butter the bread, enjoying the soft warm-feeling bread which is the second one for my fairy meanness.
But I feel so happy with excitement.
The fairy wall is still erected and glows in the bright solid yellow color of Daffodil’s gem stone as Yachel and the other sick fairies had slept naked with the dried red mud, and fresh ting branch twigs and dried tree leaves last night in their private rooms.
I wait with a silly grin for Yachel to walk on her booted feet through the open archway of the banquet room, looking like her old fairy self. I bounce up and down in the wooden chair and chew the second bread with a grin and a set of closed lips like a good fairy girl.
The other healthy fairy teens slowly move with an ugly yawn and a puff of sour breath through the archway, scooting into a naked table and consume the plate of bread.
I chew and swallow, watching the archway for Yachel.
Gable enters and scoots into an empty chair with Persia, 
Molfalso dashes into the room and slides into an empty chair next to Persia, reaching and chewing the bread in two bites like an animal with a chuckle.
Daffodil moves from the kitchen and stands on top of the elevated platform, raising her arms with a smile and a nod to the teens. “Good morning, healthy fairies. Welcome to last wonderful fairy day at the Fairy Academy. This day is very usual for everyone.” She turns and grins at the fairy wall and back to the healthy fairies. “My understanding, there is a set of academic assignments that must be finished before we can commence with our final graduation ceremony this year. So please take a seat and let us break the bread…”
Apella, Britton, Kuelle and Gable enter and scoot into an empty chair around Persia and Molfalso.
One healthy fairy frowns. “What about the sick fairies?”
I whisper for my eardrums only. “They are coming now.”
Daffodil says with a smile and a nod. “The sick fairies will be at graduation too.”
Another one healthy fairy frowns. “When do the sick fairies get out of the fairy wall?”
I whisper for my eardrums only. “They are coming any moment now.”
Molfalso touches his empty plate with a grin and release his crimson wave at Gable. “Tricktum objecto, Gable.”
“Hey.” Gable feels his plate with the fresh piece of bread disappear between his fingers and sees a new plate of tiny bread crumbs from the mouth slobber of Molfalso, after eating the piece of bread.
The teens laugh.
Gable frowns. “That’s mine…”
Molfalso grabs and stuffs the entire piece of bread into his mouth as the bread particles fall from his mouth over the table and the plate.
The teens laugh.
Gable frowns. “That was mine…”
I chew with a grin on the second bread, darting my eyeballs to the archway for Yachel. She will lead the other sick fairies through the archway any second now, because the wet mud and ting branch twigs have healed them. I turn to see the fairy wall without a set of flying fairies, so I’m right, well, Lady Elizabeth is right.
The sick teen fairies are healed and happy but not here inside the banquet thou.
I swallow the lump of bread, bouncing in my broken chair, watching the archway.
Gable frowns. Molfalso reaches and steals the milk glass from Gable too, consuming the sweetness and burps with a laugh.
Daffodil grins. “We have finished our fairy bread. Please go to your assigned classrooms for the final end of a fairy wonderful day. Then we can begin the graduation ceremony. Your parents will be coming to pick you up after the ceremony.”
Britton stands and jerks the chair with Persia from the table surface. I sit and stare at the archway with a worried brow in silence. Britton gently touches and assist Persia to stand from the chair, cuddling her, moving to the archway.


09:31 a.m.
1st period Fairy Lore Class


I slowly walk, looking behind my collar bone to the banquet room, the fairy wall, and the semi-lighted hallway with the ugly portraits of the Fairy Queen with a confused brow.
Britton whispers to Persia, “Last day of school, let’s me and you go up to the rooftop for the last time. What do you say?”
I whisper. “Where’s Yachel?”
He clears his throat. “O yeah, the sick fairies are staying here. I heard that information from my parents. You know, I, we don’t wanna get sick too. It’s the summertime days. Are you going to come and see me in the marketplace this year too?”
I enter through the archway, turning to see the fairy wall without the sick fairies inside goofing around and then point at the glittering fairy wall with worry. “But the sick fairies…”
Britton touches her hand and cuddles the limb into his chest with a grin, escorting Persia to one of the reader-chairs. “They’re all asleep now. Are you ready for your fairy tale presentation too?”
I stop at the reader-chair, scanning the room and the other teens. All the fairy teens look bored and are tired from the ghost hauntings, the repetition classroom assignments, and the sick fairy entertainment.
Britton turns and sits inside the reader-chair next to Persia.
I turn and stare at the archway of the fairy lore classroom with a worried brow, looking for Yachel to walk through the archway as a normal fairy.
Ibbie stands in the wall corner, her new position this year with a smile and a nod. “Congratulations, fairies. You have may it to the last day of the fairy school year. Your oral presentation must last one minute or sixty seconds. Or you will fail Fairy Academy…”
“Fairies do not fail the Fairy Academy.” Gable laughs.
Ibbie frowns. “Excellent, fairy Gable will lead in the oral presentation for the last day of fairy school. Please come up and present, fairy.”
Gable slams his hands down on the reader-chair with a sour frown, sliding out and moving to the front of the classroom and spins around with a smile. “My fairy tale word is…”
My eyeballs dart to the open archway and the fairy wall, searching for Yachel or one of the other sick fairies. However, they were not present inside the banquet room. And they are not present inside the fairy lore classroom either.
I do not understand and warp my arms around my waist as my sobs start without the tears. My parents are coming to pick me up after the graduation ceremony within the hour. I will not be able to stay here at the fairy academy with Yachel. 
My parents will not allow it along with the fairy mentors.
Therefore, Yachel and the other sick fairies are permanently stuck as an ugly boggart in appearance and inside the fairy wall forever.
I sob with tears, pondering what would happen if the fairy school caught fire and burned down to the ground. Since the fairy wall cannot be broken or busted then the sick fairies would.
“Persia…”
I gasp and look up to see Ibbie with a whisper. “Yes…”
Ibbie says with a smile and a nod. “Fairy Persia, you are the last oral presentation for the last day of fairy school. Please come up the front and tell us your fairy word.”
I wipe the tears from my face, standing from the reader-chair, strolling to the front of the class and face the other teens with a worried brow. “I…
Ibbie frowns. “Are you prepared for your oral presentation? Please begin, fairy Persia. What is your fairy tale word?”
I whisper, “Pixie…”
She laughs, “Pixie, your presentation should be very creatively interesting. Please tell us about a pixie if you can?”
I turn to see the fairy wall without a single sick fairy and then look down to see my shaking hands with deep emotions of sadness for my best friend. “Pixie is a human-like creature with a tone of pale tinted skin and a head of cropped short black colored hair, wearing a pair of pink wings which is not like a fairy. The pixie mood is both friendly and nice. The sense of humor is mischievous and child-like. And they reside inside the beds of pretty flower gardens. The word pixie means ‘wee little fairy.’”
Ibbie sneers at the nose profile of Persia. “Where in Fairyland did you get that definition of a pixie? The fairy library holds no such datum on the definition of pixie. Where is your written presentation inside your gem stone? Why isn’t your gem stone inside the wall for all eyeballs to see? I do not believe your words, Persia.”
I turn with a sneer. “You…you do not believe me. I am a fairy.” I snap my fingers with a smile. “O yeah,” I lift and aim my palm gem stone at the archway, shooting out my magenta fairy wave through the doorway, around the wall corner, up the staircase and hold at my door.
My bedroom door opens.
My fairy wave enters and wraps around the ugly plank board with the cute pixie doll from the low table in front of the loveseat, turning and flies through the hallway, down the stairs and back into the classroom.
My gem stone sucks the fairy wave back into my palm shell and the board fills my hands as the pixie doll model wiggles side to side from the slight breeze inside the room.
The teens gasp.
Ibbie moves and halts with a gasp besides Persia. “Where did ya get that thing?”
The teens scoot from the reader-chairs with a set of smiles and giggles, surrounding the pixie doll and Persia.
I smile. “The rotten wooden board fell off my bedroom wall. The black hair comes from the torn dirty carpet shreds. The beige body and two arms are rolled up ribbons of torn bedcovers. The green mold, shaped as two eyeballs, comes from the wall corners…”
Each teen gasps and back steps from the pixie doll.
I giggle. “The red wings come from the piles of sawdust of the broken red cider wooden planks on my floor….”
Ibbie cross her arms with a sour frown. “You are very creative and very clever, Persia. And you have failed your fairy lore class. No one knows of the description of a pixie.”
I turn and sneer at her. “But you do, don’t ya? And my pixie doll is right.”
Ibbie frowns. “I might sorta agree with the slight vague description of the pixie. Who gave you this datum?”
“Me!” Yachel enters through the open archway with a smile and a nod, leading the other sick fairies, who are healthy fairies now.
I turn and point with a smile to Yachel. “Her!”
The she-ghost had told Yachel about our conversation inside my room along with helping the sick fairies become healthy fairies.
Each other healthy teen gasps and swings around to face the open archway.
Yachel, Stad, Zann, Hadwin, and Walcott stand in the rear of the room looking bright and healthy without a pair of puke green neon wings, a pair of two yellow long fangs, and a set of long claw-like bright orange fingernails.
Each teen dashes to them, hugging and back slapping numerous body parts.
Then the sparkling Fairy Wall sounds with a groan and a moan, collapsing down onto the floor. Then the colored fairy wall dissolves into tiny sparks of many colors, disappearing into nothingness.
And then classroom is white again.
I gasp and turn with a confused brow to see the non-fairy wall. “How? What happened? I don’t understand. The wall was built by the fairy mentors old fairy magic.”
Yachel turns and grins at the non-fairy wall and Ibbie. “The fairy wall burped. It only existed to separate our differences for a short period of time. Now, the fairies are all the same again. So the fairy wall has disappeared and never to return. Right, Mentor Ibbie?”
Ibbie frowns at Yachel in silence, crossing her arms with a nod.
I move and dash ahead with a smile to Yachel, giving her a warm hug. “Welcome back, my best friend!”
Yachel hugs Persia, pulling back with a smile and a laugh at Ibbie, “Yeah! I’m glad to be myself again, too, my best friend.”

Continue following fairy Persia with her friends and foes in the third Fairy Tale book series entitled Tael…
