Tell
A Fairy Novel


ipam



Smashwords Edition Copyright 2017 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Final Fairy Story...

Persia is still sixteen years old and is still finishing her fourth year of fairy school at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy within Fairyland.

She attends with her same friends and same foes as a fairy in Second Class for more fun or non-fun times while growing and expanding her learned fairy powers that flow from inward too outward.

Persia has one more year before she graduates from the Fairy Academy as an adult fairy, who will work for the Fairy Queen for the rest of her life within Fairyland.

However, she is still trying to figure out what fairy job she desires to do and qualifies for.

Her dearest friend and bestest neighbor Yachel is going to be a fairy farmer like her parents.

Her fairy guy Britton is going to be a fairy protector like his parents.

Her fairy foe Apella is going to be a fairy collector like her parents.

Her parents are fairy watchers that watch something during the day and sometimes during the nighttime.

During the school year, Persia will carefully use her neurons and her powers to figure out what type of fairy she will become in the future while still learning new things and more as a wee fairy tart at her new school.

This is purpose of the Academy. This is the purpose of the mentors. This is the purpose of you. You are a fairy within Fairyland.



Present day and place and space and time


1st day Fairy Academy
Month of August
First day of school of Second Class, wee tart


First day of the week
07:15 a.m.
Home of Persia’s parents
Bedroom setting of sixteen years old Persia
Cool temperatures with partly cloudy of sunlight
   with three miles-per-hour winds


I awake with a giggle and a grin and stand, dancing and bouncing over the bed mattress with glee. “I’m flying the coach. I’m flying the coach today. I’m flying the coach to my school of fairies, Yeah for me!” I have been practicing all summertime days which is not as easy as it looks, ya’ll. My dad gave his permission yesterday that I could drive the family coach to the school, since I am sixteen years old. I am starting my fourth year at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy which no one says or calls or uses. I am a fairy of Second Class.
I leap up and down on top of the soft bed mattress with a smile, dancing with happiness and a low cheer for not annoying the parents, “Yeah for me!”
I lift and shoot out my magenta fairy wave from my palm with the magenta tinted gem stone, curving around the wall corner. My fairy wave gathers each beauty item with a single fairy fingernail. The magenta colored fingernail is very flexible, corralling the items, wrapping the energy wave around the entire group. I retract my wave back to me toting back the beauty items. My magenta wave forms and acts like a table, holding each item.
I place a splat of toothpaste on my toothbrush with my two naked hands as the wave beams out from my shell palm. I brush my teeth, spitting the nasty contents down into the bowl of fresh water.
Yeah, I could go forward and walk into the bathroom, doing my beauty stuff there but why bother. The bathroom comes to me.
I giggle and gag spitting more nasty stuff from my mouth and lift up my toothbrush and then drop it back down onto my wave table. A gem stone wave is a self-cleaning energy form that never gets dirty or smelly, unlike my fairy classmates Gable and Hadwin. Both those fairy boys need some more fairy manners from their fairy dad.
I life up and brush my long hair with my fairy finger, counting out to fifty strokes. I decide to keep my long hair down my back spine, feeling the softness tickle my shoulder blades. My long slightly wave black colored hair strands gleam in the bright sunlight from the open window of my bedroom inside my residential home.
I will leave my private bedroom at my house for another nine months going off and staying at the Fairy Academy, where I learn to be a good fairy, sorta. But I will learn some wicked fairy magic, too.
I smile into the face mirror on top of my fairy wave table, seeing my glittering tiara with the numerous black tinted shiny diamonds, my white sparking slightly crooked teeth, my glowering white pale skin, and my glistering black long hair. I send an invisible kiss for fun with a giggle to the mirror. Then I send back the fairy wave with all the beauty items with my fairy fingernail and gently rest each item as it sits on top of the bathroom counter for my mom to pickup.
I retract back my fairy wave with a hiss and spin around on top of the messy bed covers slamming it into my bedroom closet for fun and drag out the funeral dress from my closet. It looks like a funeral day, all black and long and dull. The dress is sleeveless and collarless, holding no fabric around my neck and my arms.
I had begged with borrowing or stealing a sexy sleeveless dress like my fellow fairy mate Zann from last school year. So, my mom gave permission for this one.
Uh-huh! Yeah! Right on!
I scoot the heavy silk dress and associated three black crinolines over the floor and stack them into an upright vertical tunnel, sorta, with my fairy finger. I leap up from the bed mattress in the air and land back down on my naked feet, my two bony kneecaps, and my panty covered buttocks in the middle of the thick tunnel fabric on top of the wooden floor without pain.
Hey, I’m a fairy, ya’ll!
I pull up the three rough crinolines over my hips, my waistline, and the rest of the black silk fabric over my breasts. The dress is called a plantation dress.
Picture this, ya’ll!
A wide silk skirt blooms out from my tiny waistline, hiding my sexy long naked legs from naughty Britton. A wide circular skirt stands three feet from my waistline, all plain and decorative with nothing but black fabric.
Part of the bad deal from my mom, ya’ll!
The silk bodice is plain and tight encircling my breasts and my rib cage as I exhale with breathing, very slowly. It is tight around my rib cage. I inhale with air molecules, very light. I hope that I don’t pass out from lack of oxygen during one of my academic courses. Well, I hope that I do pass out in Britton’s arms, yeah, babe.
On top of the floor, I shake my bodice side to side, seeing nothing and shimmy my bodice back and forth, seeing nothing either. I twist my waistline side to side. Good! My breasts do move, a little. Britton will really like that.
I remember seeing an old photograph of my great grandmother when she had worn a similar ugly dark plantation dress like this and only the top of her pale colored breasts showed like this too.
I ponder what Britton will hold this year. He really enjoyed my sexy tight dress last year, holding my waist more than my naked hand.
I released out my fairy wave at the dressing bureau, capturing my gloves which are long, black, and silky, retracting back my wave, cuddling my gloves with care. I slide the left one over my fingers, my wrist bone, and up to my elbow crook, feeling the soft silk. Elbow length silk black gloves, too.
I slide the right glove over my fingers, my wrist bone, and up to my elbow crook. My palm gem stone stares back into my twinkling eyeballs of turquoise. The hand on each glove is fingerless which does not cover my fingers and my palm.
I had wanted the gloves, matching and complimenting the plain old black funeral dress. My mom approved and my dad purchased.
I shoot out my fairy wave down on the floor inside the closet and grab the big plain black colored platform shoes. Now, I will stand even in Britton’s height all year long.
My platform shoes have an even elevated heel of four inches, accommodating the width and length of my silk plantation dress. I am average height, making me average tall now. I slip one shoe over my naked toes. The leather is soft and flexible over my tender naked feet, feeling the soft touch which is like Britton’s lips on my skin flesh. I emit my magenta wave one more time and grab the hanging black cape of silk, accepting and tying the fairy cape around my right collar bone as the long silk flows and floods down over the floor, getting dirty.
Yeah, darling!
I am ready for my grand début inside the kitchen, smelling the cooked food, hearing the clanking of broken but repaired plates and a set of ugly misshaped utensils. My parents are a little anxious about me flying the family beat up coach too today to school. You like my too toots.
I move forward in a straight line through the archway of my bedroom suite. My ‘grandma’ dress rustles with a set of swishes sounds like I wear a set of baby diapers. And I do not for your information, Apella. I swish side to side, dragging my new fairy cape and my one-foot dress hemline like a fairy queen with a giggle of amusement.
At 07:45 a.m., a male adult possesses a body built of average height and average weight, a head of shoulder length black colored hair, a jaw line of black whiskers, a tone of pale tinted skin, a pair of turquoise eyeballs and is her dad. Her dad wears a pair of faded blue jeans over his cowboy boots of light brown. A matching ankle-length silky glittering cape of light brown with a tiny one-foot train covers one shoulder of his brown sports coat and his white Tee shirt. His halo headpiece encircles his forehead in a light brown ribbon with a set of tiny matching gem stones.
Inside the kitchen chair, her dad chews and swallows his food with a smile to his daughter, sitting at the food table. “Good morning, honey. You look so beautiful, Persia.”
“Thanks, Dad.” I swish through the archway in the kitchen, jerking the extra silk fabric over the rough floor of wooden planks and gather some of the cape’s fabric into ball for easy foot stride with a grin and a giggle. “I think you’re supposed to polish old wooden floor like you polish your old cowboy boots, Dad.” I swish to my chair slipping over the worn wooden seat and grab the table, balancing my body and the bigger dress with a giggle.
He chuckles and winks at his daughter, eating the food items.
I stare down at the repaired plate of food, before my smiling face and my hunger stomach.
A female possesses a body built of average height and average weight, a head of shoulder length black colored hair, a tone of pale tinted skin, a pair of turquoise eyeballs and is her mom.
Her mom wears a pair of high heeled sandals of apricot colored leather, with sparkling gem stones on the shoe band. A matching ankle-length silky glittering cape with a tiny one-foot train is tied across her naked collar bone. Her tiara of apricot colored gem stones twinkle under the bright sunlight, coming from the kitchen window. Her long gem stone necklace bounces back and forth along the thickly ruffled collar of the fancy fairy gown. The apricot colored gown has two ruffled short sleeves, a tied waist with a jeweled belt of apricot stones, and a long A-line dress hem down to her ankles.
She sits at the eating table and smiles at her daughter, “Morning, honey.”
 “Morning, Mama.” I eat fast, shoving the food over the tongue and down the throat without chewing, licking my lips from the juice of the eggs. “I’m finished with my breakfast. Thank you. The food was good. So let’s go now. I’m driving to the school.” I burp out loud with a giggle.
“Persia!” Her mom frowns with disgust and consumes her eggs.
I slap a hand over my giggles. “I’m not really nervous either. Like when I was allowed to fly to the market for fresh fruits and vegee-tables. I did a good job. Right, Daddy? Right, Mama?”
Her mom swallows her food and nods. “You did a very good job flying to the market these summertime days.”
I tap on my repaired glass tumbler of milk with a set of nervous fingernails. “Then why didn’t we go more often? I couldn’t have the opportunity of flying, getting more experience for today.” I drink my milk.
Her mom chews and swallows. “However, I often wondered why you were only interested in flying there, a little before two in the afternoon.”
I gag on the beverage and cough with a grin. “I wanted to be early…”
“The market opened early at sunrise.” Her mom frowns.
I cough and grin. “O! I don’t want to be too late for closing.”
“It closes it sunset,” her mom frowns.
I clear my throat and grin. “O! I wanted to avoid the sunshine.”
Her dad frowns. “Two in the afternoon is the hottest part of the day, Persia.”
I gasp and grin. “Why are both of you looking pretty this morning, too, like me? Where are both of you going this bright and sunny morning on a date, maybe?” I giggle.
“We’re going to school too.” Her mom grins.
I gasp out loud and stop tapping on the glass tumbler, dropping my mouth without food particles. “What for? I don’t get or got a type of academic evaluation, right? Do I?”
“Persia, please try to act like a fairy princess. Close your mouth.” Her mom frowns and consumes the food.
Her dad chews and swallows with a nod to Persia. “We are all requested to come to the school today.”
I gasp in shock, “What farting for?”
“School business, that’s all, Persia.” Her mom nods and eats her food.
“O! What school business?” I turn and look at the far peeling dull beige wall inside our kitchen in the direction of the school, realizing that it needs repair and new paint.
Her dad slides an empty repaired plate and a patched linen napkin over the scratched wooden table surface and then stands upright from the slightly repaired wooden table with a smile. “I’m finished with breakfast. The food was good, honey. We should be going to the school and finding out the big surprise today at the Fairy Academy. Persia, you can drive. Are you ready to roll, honey?”
I swiftly stand with a giggle and a nod, flipping my chair backwards with my fluffy dress, “I sorry. I’m oversized today,” smiling.
Her dad reaches out and grabs the chair with his light brown tinted fairy finger, nodding with a smile “No issue.” He sits the wooden chair upright and says to his teen. “You’re my beautiful fairy princess, now and later. Why don’t you move the coach out from underneath the protective shed, Persia? Your mom and I are getting some extra things for our travel.”
I nod. “Okay.” I spin around and move ahead swishing out through the kitchen archway to the front door with a giggle of excitement of flying as a fairy pilot.
The entrance door slides open.
I slowly move down the chipped wooden front stairs with care for not bruising my face for my first day of fairy school.
At 08:06 a.m. on the front porch among the warm temperatures and bright sunshine with two mile-per-hour winds, I land down on the uneven part dirt and part grass and part ground insects with a sour frown of annoyance. “My dad needs to mow the dirt and the bugs away from the front porch too.” I drag my dress hemline and my cape over the dirt, shooting out my magenta fairy wave down, gently touching the dirt and fly over the part dirt and part grass and part insects, feeling part bird.
I land my wave in front golden grill on the coach and swing my wave a little too powerful, tapping the front grill. The golden flakes fall down to the ground dirt. I slowly lift up the family coach a few inches from the parking spot dirt and carefully glide it out from underneath the ratty wooden shed, slowly twirling my wave, sailing the coach in the air and then park it next to the front steps for show and respect of my parents.
Her parents exit the front door with a nod and a smile. Her mom shoots out her apricot fairy wave, sliding over the pretty ray, soaring above the dirt without getting her ankle-length fairy apricot gown dirty and then lands in front of the coach.
Her dad stomps around each broken stone step holding a single piece of luggage in each hand. His wrist watch shell with a light brown gem stone fairy wave opens the boxed shaped trunk behind the rear seat on the fairy coach. He moves ahead and stores all the items beside Persia’s luggage, slamming the lid down with his fairy finger wave. The coach shakes side to side. He chuckles out loud with a smile and retracts back his fairy wave with a loud slurp. “I don’t know my own fairy strength today. Everyone, climb inside. Persia drives. I sit in the rear seat. I don’t wanna make you nervous on your first day back to the Fairy Academy.”
I jerk upward the edge on the black dress hemline and my puddling black fairy cape with my magenta fairy wave, not dragging my pretty clothes over the insects again and stroll forward in my black colored platform shoes to the driver’s seat, looking both royal and regal.
Her mom slides down into the front passenger seat with a smile and a nod. “I’ll be your guest today. Awe! You have created a lovely aura of purple around your naked ankles, honey. The royal purple glows with your pale skin, Persia.”
I whisper for my eardrums only. “Magenta, Mama!” I fake a smile, sliding down inside the driver’s seat with a giggle and a giddy of excitement as a flying fairy pilot today.
Her dad slips down into the rear seat, leaning back into the torn and worn leather rear seat, staring down at his gem stone for his work messages. 
Inside the driver’s seat, I lift up and pat my palm gem stone, staring ahead at the ground soil and then an empty skyline, looking for any other wavering family coaches that might driven by a first time sixteen years old too like me. I giggle with nervousness. “Are we webbed into our seats, ya’ll?”
Her mom looks ahead to a clear sky with a sour frown. “Please lift up the coach, Persia! We completely trust your flying.”
“Yes ma’am.” I rub my gem stone. My magenta fairy wave covers the floor and my platform shoes, but I can’t see the color. I feel the light heated energy at my naked toes, growing up over my ankles, two kneecaps, both thighs, my waist, my dress, and my torso. The energy doesn’t cover my face, thou. I need to see the other coaches and the vast blue skyline. And I am new at this, so I am taking my sweet tea time, ya’ll.
My magenta fairy wave surrounds the coach like I had learned and practiced in coach flying class last year. I tap on my gem stone. The coach lifts from the dirt kinda shaky, but it smoothes out within an elevated few inches. I lift up the magenta colored family coach into the air even with the rooftop tiles on our house and then up higher even with the row of lush green colored tree tops in the forest.
I continue to lift the family coach higher into the pretty blue skyline, ensuring I don’t hit the rooftops or the tree tops on the other houses and other groves of forests. I feel my stomach tickle with excitement. My hands don’t sweat so much from nervousness either.
I tap on my gem stone again, creating a twinkling smooth carpet of magenta wave. My fairy wave shows and communicates to another coach fairy pilot that I am occupying this section of air winds within the pale blue sky. So, beat it, tart!
I rub my gem stone sailing coach forward on a clear path to the Fairy Academy. My parents are kind enough to stay quiet or busy with their gem stones, doing some offline work, so I can concentrate on flying. I fly about thirty feet up from ground for safety and caution.
Some of the more experienced young pilots like Yachel can maneuver the coach at greater skyline heights like up to fifty or higher to hundred feet. I dare not try yet without a few more moisture clouds underneath my jeweled belt like my mom is wearing on her fancy fairy gala apricot gown.
Inside the driver’s seat, I grin with excitement flying in a steady pace without any more coaches around me. I travel over the landscape. Once in a while, I glance down at a field crop or see a grove forest around the landscape within my home of Fairyland. As I travel in a northwestern direction, the spare and ugly landscape becomes more dry ugly red dirt and clumps of gray dead trees from the nightly flooding of the ocean water which does not hit the school building but goes directly under it.
The Fairy Academy is a three-story wooden building which has been elevated from the ground dirt by a fairy charm. The ground soil is covered in thick salt water at night and rough dry dirt soil during the day. I don’t know why the school was built so close to the ocean shoreline. But maybe, I will learn more about the history of the Fairy Academy this year as a fairy of Second Class.
Each fairy student attends the Fairy Academy at the age of thirteen years old as Fifth Class. As the fairy graduates into each upper class, the name decreases from fifth to first.
The First Class is a group of seventeen-year-old fairies, who are eighteen years old at the end of the school year and then each one starts working as a fairy within Fairyland.
Right now, I don’t know what fairy job I want to do yet. Maybe, I will also learn more about the fairy jobs, guiding my fairy skills in that special direction.
My parents are a pair of Fairy Watchers. Some parents work as a Fairy Collector. And other parents work as a Fairy Controller. My best friend Yachel and her two parents are a pair of Fairy Farmers which is nastily nicknamed, FFs, by some of the meanie teen fairies like Britton, Eadric, and Apella.


08:19 a.m.
Fairy Academy (family school)
Campus ground setting


I see the tall wooden building, which is my fairy school, and wear a sour frown. I might wanna become a FF, too, when I graduate, since they grow food and I like to eat food.
Inside the driver’s chair, I gasp out loud with alarm. “Where’s the coach tunnel, Mama? I don’t see the vertical column of swirling coaches either, waiting to descend down onto the dirt at the crappy parking lot on my fairy school. Am I driving in the right direction, Mama?”
Her mom watches ahead the busy skyline and each flying lane is occupied with another coach, saying with a nod and a smile. “Yes, honey! There is no tunnel travel today for your first day back at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy.”
“Phew! That’s good. I was worried.” I rub my smooth gem without pointing to the school or my fairy wave. Since my occupied palm holds the gem stone and my free finger rubs the gem stone, controlling the flying coach. “Wow! Look at all the other family coaches parked all over the dead, brown colored dirt, Mama. There are hundreds and hundreds of ugly, rusty colored coaches. Is there a festival or something occurring here today? I’ve never seen so many objects lining the dry, brown tinted dirt before on top of the school campus grounds. What is this, Mama?” I guide the coach over the dirt low to the ground, which does not contain a single healthy plant bush or tall shade tree or pod of pretty wildflowers.
“It would seem that all the coaches have landed down on the campus before us.” Her mom grins down at row of the parked coaches on top of the dry, dead, brown colored dirt in front of the fairy school.
“It is something, all right.” Her dad stares down at the same rows of ugly, rusty family fairy coaches with a smile and sits inside the rear bench inside their family fairy coach as he tries not making his daughter too nervous during flight.
Her mom points at the air-borne figure which is a wobbling fairy male. “Please, follow the parking fairy that sits on top of his winged steed.”
I rub my gem stone sailing my wave and our coach around the draft horse, saying with a smile and a nod. “I see him. That’s Mentor Xing. He taught me to fly on the top of a beautiful duchess horse. I’m parking. Hold on to your gem stone,” laughing.
“That is not funny or appropriate, young fairy.” Her mom frowns, holding both of her hands onto the bottom part of the front seat cushion with care and caution.
I giggle. “Sorry! I’m a little nervous for my first time of flying our family fairy coach, Mama. I’m slowly descending, going down a few feet at a time, coasting over the dry dirt. I’m soaring over the ground now. Now, I’m coming to a slow stop. I’m parking next to that coach. I’m rubbing my gem stone, twisting the coach sideway, parking in the semi-crook line of other coaches. I did not hit the other coach beside me, ahead of me, or behind me either, Mama.”
The coach slowly lands stirring up a set of tiny dusty red colored whirlwinds. I retract my magenta fairy wave with a loud slurp back into my gem stone from my fast fairy speed with a giggle for my first travel adventure with my parents.
“Good parking job, honey! Let’s get out and go into the school building.” Her dad touches and cracks open the rear door, standing upright from the bench seat, stretching out his tight muscles from the tension at his daughter’s first skyline coach flying. He exhales with relief and then wears a smile of joy that he has arrived alive in body and mind.
I shove open my driver’s door with my hand and my platform shoe. It had become stuck inside the body frame from the gathered wet moisture of the air currents while flying through the scattered low cloud coverage. Our family fairy coach is beaten up with lots peeling flakes of golden tine, but it contains a solid rooftop, a frontal window shield of glass, a rear window shield of glass, a set of four curved doors of solid gold, and a set of four side windows of solid glass. “Are ya’ll coming into my school with me too?” I slide out with a frown and stands upright fighting with the thick dress fabric out from the driver’s seat.
Her mom stands upright from the seat and straightens out her long apricot fairy cape, her neat hair bun, and her ankle-length old fashioned matching apricot colored dress with a smile and a chuckle. She places a pair of elbow-length satin gloves in matching apricot over both her hands and her elbows. She can wear a set of enclosed palm and finger gloves, since her gem stone is a long necklace pretty apricot pendant. However, she must remove one of the gloves, exposing her naked fingers to use her fairy magic from the gem stone of apricot. Today, she will not need her fairy powers for the magical meeting at the Fairy Academy.
She turns and smiles at Persia. “Yes. We are requested at the school today, too.”
“Okay.” I slam…naw…kick the driver’s door shut with the heel on my platform shoe. The golden flakes release from the frame and then fall down into the dirt, twinkling in the bright sunlight. I eye roll and return back to the door while wondering if I will get this old coach for my personal school flying transport for the school year. Then my parents can buy another family fairy coach.
Then I wonder with mental puzzlement, if there is a place to buy a new shiny gleaming golden flying coach.
Her parents swing around with a smile and cuddle together moving down a single aisle with two rows of parked coaches, heading towards the front entrance porch on the fairy school.
I jerk the dress hem up towards my naked kneecaps from the ripped metal on the driver’s seat. I can’t use my gem stone wave as I am standing too close near two rusty and beaten up fairy coaches. I could cause an accident or something with my teenly fairy magic.
I slip backward, catch my body, and balance with a giggle, straightening my ankle-length dress, slowly scooting around the rear bumper on our family coach, strolling down a single tiny aisle with two parked rows of stationary fairy coaches with little moving space. I brush the top of one fairy coach with my folded knuckles on my right hand, jerking back my hand, yelling in pain. I rub my stinging flesh with a sour frown. “Ouch! It bites.”
I stop and look down back at my bloody hand, seeing a set of red marks, which are not permanent.
Her mom continues to move ahead with a smile and cuddles her husband, staring the front porch, “It stings. Each family coach possesses a fairy charm over the metal body frame, Persia.”
“What for? There’s no crime here within Fairyland.” I cuddle my stinging hand into my waistline and frown, carefully lifting my dress hem up in the air with a free, not touching any more heated gold.
At 08:22 a.m., at the open entrance doors on the front porch of the fairy school, I gasp with shock, slowing my pace over the dry dirt. Both of the broken, busted, and ugly and partly hanging double entrance door frames are gone along with the dozen or so nasty talking set of Fairy Watchers.
Her dad stomps around each busted and broken steps beside his wife. They walk around and between each broken planks of wood on top of the ugly front porch and then stop, standing in front of the fairy school building.
I skip over the broken concrete, lifting each platform shoe higher than each pothole, staring at the front porch with a grin. “Hey! There’s no door either. Where are the rows of nasty Watchers too?” I stop and stand behind the back spine on each parent with a giggle and a grin for annoyance of their escorting me to the first day of fairy school.
Her mom says with a sour frown at the doorless entrance way. “Please, present your good fairy manners, Persia! The front porch door has been replaced with an invisible fairy protection shield.”
“A fairy wall?” I eye roll and look back at the doorless space exhaling with a puff of annoyance. “I know what a fairy wall is, Mama.”
Her dad lifts up and aims his gem stone inside his wrist watch shell at the empty space in-between the two door frames, shooting out a light brown tinted ray and says the fairy charm, “Enterium dooro.” The fairy wall turns red hue in-between the twin archways and then disappears. Her dad holds his wife’s hand, slowly moving through the doorless entrance way. “Let’s go, Persia!”
I move ahead through the door-less invisible archway, dropping down, dragging my queenly gown. I reach out and touch the door frame with my naked fingers. I feel no sensation of heatness or coolness. I spin around and watch the space while slowly strolling behind my parents. The fairy wall turns into green hue in-between the two wooden archways and then disappears. I smile. “Wow! That’s some cool stuff!”
“That is advanced fairy magic, honey.” Her mom moves ahead and shuffles around each deep pothole on top of the wooden floor inside the semi-dark hallway.
“Yeah, that’s cool, too.” I slowly turn back around and march behind my parents with a giggle and a grin for annoyance.
Her parents continue to lift and float a pair of soles over each pothole inside the semi-dark hallway while ignoring the row of colorful and ugly, glowing pictures with the Fairy Queen on each side dark wall.
I wonder about my fairy school, this year, as a sixteen-year-old hot sexy teen with my elderly, biological parents leading my body into the banquet with puzzlement. I wanna show off my slightly exposed breast tops that can slightly jiggle at my fairy man, Britton.
The semi-dark hallway is filled with numerous teen fairies that wear a new, ankle-length gown or a pair of shredded blue jeans. Each mature adult fairy displays an ancient ankle-length colorful fairy gown or a faded sports jacket.
I scan the hallway with wonderment, wondering what the heck is going on here. Normally, the first day of Fairy Academy is only the collection of mischievous teens and studious mentors.
At 08:25 a.m., her parents approach the entrance archway into the banquet room with a set of closed doors and a nasty Watcher Fairy either.
I find it unwise to speak out loud without permission with the parents present as they will get upset swiftly.
I stare into the interior walls inside the banquet room without the door.
Her dad stops in front of a second invisible fairy wall between the exposed two door frames, shooting out his light brown colored fairy ray again and whispers the fairy charm also, “Enterium dooro.” The fairy wall turns yellow color and then disappears. Her parents enter the archway with a smile.
I follow behind my parents and look back over my collar bone with a giggle and a grin. The fairy wall in-between the two wooden frames turns blue hue and then disappears before my eyeballs. I frown with puzzlement swinging around to see the interior room and then gasp with alarm, halting in place, grabby my dress hemline.
The room holds numerous pieces of furniture, instead of a circular scratched up naked wooden eating tables with a particular patched and colored tablecloth that represents each teen fairy class. There are hundreds tiny side wooden tables. Around each tiny side table, there are numerous new, well, old pieces of furniture, consisting of ratty and patched colored loveseats, worn short and tall sitting chairs, old eating dining room chairs, ratty and patched colored foot stools, ugly tall wooden stools, long scratched sitting benches, and bedroom short wooden old and scratched chests. Each wooden chest comes from an individual bedroom suite for each teen fairy that lives and thrives for nine months at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy.
I frown with confusion wondering if one of the old and scratched wooden chests comes from my Second Class bedroom on the second floor. Then I wonder if I left something inside my old wooden chest from last year as a fairy of Third Class. I follow with a smile of amusement behind my parents thinking that I did not left behind a smelly sock or a pretty item at school last year.
Her dad moves ahead to an empty table with a set of three ugly, tall wooden stools, without a back rest and then he stops, pulling out the stool for his wife. Her mom has a problem, wearing her apricot colored fancy gala gown. She lifts up the dress hemline in the air and displays her naked boney kneecaps, struggling to sit on top of the tall seat with the aid of her husband. She cannot ignite her necklace gem stone which could burn another new hole down into the wooden floor with her vertically cat apricot fairy wave without causing a tiny fire of heated flames, even as a mature adult fairy.
I slowly move across the room and scan each wall, the ceiling, and the floor with a confused brow. Each wall, the ceiling, and the floor inside the banquet room are made from the same plastic white material like each one of the four walls inside my Fairy Lore classroom.
Her husband lifts her wife’s body in the air and then aids her buttonhole down inside a tall stool seat, quickly scooting a tall wooden table, pulling out the middle high stool for his daughter.
I bounce up and bend down at kneecaps, leaping up in the air with my fairy magic and land down inside the hard seat with a giggle for fun. Her dad scoots her stool closer into the edge of the table. I slide to the left and then to the right inside the slick wooden seat with a sour frown, shooting a tiny vertical fairy wave like a ribbon slice, tying my fluffy dress around the four tall legs of the stool with a giggle of amusement. 
Her father moves around Persia and climbs up into the farther high stool, sitting down, scanning the room with a grin in silence also.
The tall, smaller wooden table holds a repaired plate with a tall stack of cold hard bread in front of each chair. A small repaired bowl of fresh butter sits next to each food plate. There are three forks, missing some of the prongs and three rusty knives. Yeah! The knife could not cut a dying flower stem with one of those rusty and misshaped blades. I reach out and touch the repaired tumbler glass, feeling warmness, not coldness and then loudly mouth gag without a vomit reaction, swinging my face to see the interior of the banquet room. I gasp with shock and state with a low timber to only my parents. “The banquet room is so, so crowded, overcrowded. Who are all these little fairy boys and girls, Mom?”
Her mom removes her elegant pair of satin fairy gloves, resting them on the side of the table, reaching down and tears a small piece of one of the bread slice on the repaired plate. She holds the bread slice near her smile. “It seems overly crowded. They are your fellow fairies, attending the Fairy Academy with you, sitting with their biological parents. The special invitation called for a family gathering today at your fairy school. This is a very nice notion.” She eats the tiny slice of bread, chewing and swallowing the lump of wet food with a nod. “You should consume a small piece of bread in respect of the Fairy Queen, Persia. She is our leader and we are here to honor her, today.” I turn and stare down at a tall stack of hard bread, lifting my palm gem stone, shooting out a tiny fairy ray and slice off a corner of the bread slice. I form a tiny finger and toss the tiny sliver up to my open mouth. It hits my front teeth. I curl my tongue tip around the bread, sucking the bread chunk down into my mouth with a slurping noise. I close my lips, chewing and grinning.
“Persia, that was a great capture.” Her dad tears the bread with a laugh and a smile.
Her mom turns and frowns at her husband and then her daughter Persia. “Persia, where are the proper fairy manners that I have instilled unto you as a young child to a beautiful teen?”
I chew and swallow the wet lumpy bread, “Ah! I left them at the house. Thanks, Dad!”
Her mom frowns at her husband. “And husband, dear, you need to exhibit your proper fairy manners, too,” she turns and scans the room, rubbing her gem stone over her two dirty naked hands, slipping on the pair of elbow gloves. “As I was saying, these are your fellow fairies, Persia. I see Apella and her parents over there in front of the room facing the stage platform in about the third row.”
“Yeah, figures!” I swing around and narrow my eyelashes on the front row. Our table is located near one of the side walls without touching the newly installed white plastic. I see the entire room from a weird-like angle, but my fairy eyeballs can see more. I gasp and giggle. “Apella looks like her mom. They sit together, bumping their tiaras too.”
Apella sits in the middle of her parents at a small dining room table with three mismatched wooden chairs. Her mom wears a golden yellow tiara, a matching ankle-length fairy gown, a matching ankle-length fairy cape, and a pair of matching sandals.
Apella’s dad wears a dark purple tinted halo around his pink tinted forehead, a matching fairy cape over his long-sleeved dress shirt of the same hue while tapping out a silence musical song with a pair of dark purple colored dress shoes. His shirt is white like Persia’s daddy. Apella’s daddy has a tone of pink tinted skin and a head of bright red colored hair like his only child. His bone skull nods evenly with the nods of Apella and her mom also.
I look down and tap down on my magenta gem stone with a giggle and a whisper. “Her dad’s dark purple gem stone color means arrogance. So, that’s where Apella gets her attitude. Her mom’s golden yellow color gem stone means curiosity. Ah! This is why Apella sits in front of the class all the time.” I look up with a giggle, scanning the room, studying each gem stone color on each fairy for fun.
 Her mom says. “Yes! Girls reach their puberty height around sixteen years old. You will probably not grow any taller either, Persia. You are average height like us. Apella has her mom’s red colored curly hair and tone of pink skin.”
“Yeah! She is a petite body frame and blazing head of curly red colored hair, a smooth pinky, pink skin, a set of small green eyes, and uglier.” I giggle. Apella stands upright from the chair and scans the room for each one of her foes as she does not have any fairy friends.
I gasp with shock. “Apella wears a sleeveless, a collarless, and a nothingness on her naked neck and her two naked arms standing inside an ankle-length black colored gown, like me. But her gown is sticking to her body, unlike me. And each sides of her long gown is slit or split or open, showing off her pair of short ugly pale colored legs,” I exhale with jealousy.
The fairy cape of Apella puddles down the floor too as the black fabric displays a bowtie design that suffocates her esophagus. She wears a pair of elbow-length black silky gloves too. Her gem stone of gold is shown inside one of two earrings. One earring is her real fairy magical gem stone, thou.
At Persia’s pub table, her mom grins at Apella, “That is a very nice fairy gown for Apella’s tiny portions. Let’s see. I also see your fellow fairy Gable and his parents, who are huddled in the far corner.”
I swing around and narrow my eyelashes at Gable. He sits in-between his parents inside a ratty, long sofa with multiple red, yellow, orange, and blue colors. I gasp and giggle, “Gable looks like his dad. Unbelievable! I see the same shortness, the skinniness, and the mouth spit-ness with a set of curly brown colored hair and a tone dark colored skin. And his mama is petite and skinny too without the mouth spit-ness,” giggling.
Gable wears a black tinted long-sleeved dress shirt without a sports jacket and a pair of new dark blue jeans. His black halo gleams against his dark skin. His curly brown color hair is cut off, presenting a buzz cut, surrounding his baby face with a set clean shaven whiskers. He taps an invisible song inside his active mind with each one of his black tinted dress shoes and all of his fingers over the folds on his ankle-length black tinted fairy cape.
Gable’s dad glitters in indigo colors from his fairy gem stone on his halo, a long-sleeved dress shirt, a fairy short cape, and a pair of dress shoes, without a sports jacket too.
Gable’s mom wears an ivory lace dress with a set of cap sleeves and a pair of short ivory lace gloves. Her ivory stones inside her tiara glitters against her dark brown colored hair. She wears a set of two ivory stones as a pair of stunning earrings. One of the earrings contains her fairy powers but only she knows which one.
Back at Persia’s pub table, I gasp with shock. “Mom, I didn’t know that the color of ivory was a fairy gem stone from my Gem Class here at the school grounds.”
Her mom grins. “Yes. Each removed gem stone comes in an array of colors with an array of purposes as a purposeful fairy of Fairyland, honey.”
I look down and tap my gem stone with a giggle and a whisper. “The color of ivory means reserved. Hmm! That is truly Gable’s teenly personality also. And the color of indigo is order. Hmm! Gable displays, not orderly, but funny.”
“Genetics is amazing tool.” Her mom scans the crowded room with a smile. “Gable’s mom is petite also. I am not surprised that their son is short. I see Kuelle with her parents. Kuelle has not grown a peek, since last year. She is designed to be a petite female like her mom too. Her daddy is tall and muscular like his father and his grandfather. We all went to fairy school with her parents too.”
I look up and scan the room with a giggle and a grin, “Yeah! She fits and rides a ding-ding horse really well, like Gable, too. Kuelle sits between her parents like Gable, too, inside an ugly scratched up half circular eating table with three mismatched dining room chairs. O! Our student eating tables come apart. Well, that would make sense, inviting so many fairies here today on my first day of fairy school.” I exhale with annoyance.
The long dress hemline on Kuelle lounges and then puddles like a spot of water over the smooth plastic floor with a design of shiny black colored sequins. She wears a two-piece outfit over her semi-naked body. One piece covers her throat, neck, collar bone going down to her two breasts covering her tenth rib cage. A fairy only has twelve ribs on each side. Therefore, Kuelle is showing some of her pale, peach tinted skin tone between the two pieces of shiny black sequins. The second piece is straight and skin tight, showing the outline of her belly, belly button, waistline, parts of her two legs, and her two naked ankles, and all of her ten toe bones. Her fashionable black tinted high heeled sandals are decorated in black sequins too and as she gently flips each shoe up and down on top of the floor in defiance and annoyance of her parents. She doesn’t wear a pair of elegant arm gloves, since her dress has a set of long sleeves to cover her naked arms. But, she continues to dart her golden eyeballs and wiggles her naked fingers toward her fairy boyfriend Walcott as he stares with a smile in her direction. Her shoulder length strawberry blonde colored hair is curled into a ball on top of her skull. Her black tiara shines among the light colored hair strands. Her black matching sequin cape is attacked…naw…attached to her skin tight A-line skirt, puddling the floor, getting dirty and torn from the wandering boot heels.
Kuelle’s mom wears a thick dress of wide satin in solid dark brown, covering her breasts and her legs, puddling down on the floor too. Her matching satin dark brown fairy cape covers both her naked collar bones. Her blonde hair gleams against the dark brown stones of the fairy tiara.
Kuelle’s dad is a tall and muscular body frame with a head of red colored hair, and a tone of bronze tinted skin. He wears the rich mauve colors in his sports jacket, a long matching fairy cape, a matching forehead halo, and a matching pair of polished cowboy boots. 
Back at my table, I look down and tap on my gem stone with a smile and a whisper. “The mauve color means commonness. And the dark brown color is part of the protection of the fairy watchers. Kuelle’s mom is a watcher too. The color represents strength.”
Her mom grins. “I see Britton and his parents. He’s a nice boy. Do you like him, Persia?”
I frown with her nosy comment and more nosy questions, looking up to scan and see the room and Britton. “Yipe. There is Britton between his parents, like me. He wears a black shirt, a nice black sports jacket, and a black fairy cape, sorta like me. He sits on top of a tall stool, like me, too.” I reach down and touch the table surface, since I am not able to touch the stool. My black colored fairy dress is wide enough to cover the wooden stool which is wrapped around my lovely magenta wave. “These ain’t the reflection room tall stools. Since the reflection room tall stools are permanently glued down to the floor.” I look up and smile at the nose profile on my dad. “I remembered seeing flakes of light brown hue. Are those your gem stone flakes over the walls, the floor, and the chairs, Dad?”
Her dad chews and swallows the wet lumpy bread. “Some of them. There are numerous stones with the same color of gems, Persia. The others would be older and young fairies, chipping away their individual gem stone here at the school in the first class during the reflection class period.”
I smile, “O yeah! That makes sense.” I swing around to spy on Britton and his parents.
Britton is a handsome teen fairy male with a cropped head of blonde colored hair, a tone of pale tinted skin, a pair of aqua eyeballs, and a clean shaven chin that all rests on a slender built of tallness.
Britton’s dad is a handsome duplicate of his son, possessing the same slender body frame, a set of cropped blonde colored hair, a tone of pale tinted skin, a clean shaven chin, and a pair of aqua eyeballs too. His dad is dressed in the gem stone of purple hue which is displayed on his halo, his short matching fairy cape, a matching sports jacket, and a matching pair of unpolished cowboy boots. He wears a white and clean shirt, like Persia’s daddy.
Britton’s mom is pretty, slender, and tall with a set of dirty blonde colored hair, a tone pale tinted skin, and a pair of hazel eyes. She wears the gem stone color of soft teal which is displayed on her matching tiara and her long fairy cape. Her sleeveless ankle-length sheath dress shows off her slender figure which is wrapped in solid teal and is paired with a set of elbow-length matching gloves.
Back at my pub table, I look down and tap on my gem stone with a grin and a whisper. “Teal is represented by the meaning of trustworthy. Yeah! Britton exhibits the same personality trait. The color of regular old purple means justice.” I gasp. “Britton thinks like that too.” I look up with a smirk to spy on Britton. He holds on to his mom’s hand, whispering into her face. I might be a part of that fairy family, if I can get rid of my biological parents for the rest of the academic year at the Fairy Academy.
Her mom gasps. “I see Eadric. He’s sitting with Nabell. Are they a dating teenly couple currently?”
I exhale with a puff of annoyance for another nosy motherly question, darting my eyelashes at Nabell. Nabell is a tall and athletic teen fairy girl with a tone of dark tinted skin and a pair of hazel eyes. Her head of black colored hair is long blending into her black stones o her fairy tiara. She wears a two-piece outfit also.
I gasp with shock and looks down at my one-piece grandma dress, covering my entire slender sexy body, but my naked neck, my two arms, and the exposed tiny bits of wiggling top breast tissue. I never seem to wear the latest teen clothing trends during fairy school. Then, I look up to spy on Nabell’s fancy fairy gown.
Nabell wears a single piece of tight black cotton cloth around her two huge breasts. Her throat, her swan neck, her collar bone and her two arms are bare and naked. The single cloth has a series of horizontal thin straps, going around and around her exposed and naked waistline, making her waist look tiny. The second piece of fabric is a straight black cotton skirt with two vertical slits along both sides of her hips, showing off her naked and sexy long dark skinned legs. The black single strapped and four inched heeled sandals cover her ugly and non-polished naked toes. Her black fairy cape drapes from one shoulder, not spoiling her sexy nakedness.
I exhale with jealousy, puffing and huffing with some serious teenly envy.
Eadric turns and touches her each one of exposed body parts, sitting together on the same ratty green and purple tinted loveseat. He is a tall fairy male teen and built with a set of heavy muscles on two board shoulders. He has a set of cropped brown colored hair, a clean shaven chin, a tone pale tinted skin, and a pair of blue eyes. He wears a plain black colored tee shirt under a matching sports jacket. His black colored shoulder length fairy cape drapes across and down his broad shoulders. Both a new pair of dark blue jeans and a pair of unpolished black colored cowboy boots covers both his long legs and his ten toe bones. A row of black gem stones rests on his forehead halo that gleams from the sunlight, beaming down into the banquet room.
Eadric’s mom is average height, possessing a set of black colored hair, a tone of pale tinted skin, and a pair of blue eyes. She wears the pretty gem stone color of azure blue over her long ankle-length fairy gown, her matching fairy cape, and her matching gem stone fairy tiara. Her dress is A-line gown without a set of arm gloves. Her long matching fairy cape falls down from her shoulders and lands over the plastic floor with beauty.
Eadric’s dad is a tall fairy man with a set of big muscles like his son, possessing a set of cropped brown colored hair, a tone of pale tinted skin, and a clean shaven chin, showing off a pair of teal colored eyeballs. He wears a gem stone color of dull tan over his matching sports jacket, his matching short fairy cape, his matching pair of unpolished cowboy boots, and his jeweled halo.
back at my pub table, I look down and tap my gem stone with a whisper. “The dull color tan means uncomplicated. The bright color of azure blue is contentment. Ya gotta possess both those traits to have a daughter like Nabell.” I look up with smile to see the rear skull on my mom. “Eadric is the fairy king.”
Her mom swings around with a gasp to Persia. “The fairy queen is not married. Eadric is not related to the fairy queen by any means. His is not the current fairy king of Fairyland. There is not a fairy king that I can remember.” She turns and frowns to her husband. “Do you know of a fairy king, dear?”
“No, dear!” Her dad eats on a new piece of hard bread with a grin and continues to scan the room with rows of young and mature fairies too.
I giggle. “Eadric was the Third Class fairy king, sitting with his Third Class fairy queen Nabell. Yeah, they’re together and never parted, sitting inside several dining room tables with their combined fairy families. I see a section of long sofas.” I gasp. “That’s Molfalso.”
Molfalso is a tall fairy teen male with a tone of olive tinted skin, a set of light brown colored shoulder length hair, a chin of light brown whiskers and a pair of hazel eyes, housing a nice teen athletic body frame. He wears a plain black shirt without a sport jacket, a short black fairy cape, a new pair of dark blue tinted jeans, and a pair of matching polished black colored cowboy boots. His black tinted gem stone halo glistens at Zann only.
Back at my table, I gasp with more jealousy.
On top of the same loveseat with her boyfriend Molfalso, Fourth Class Zann stands upright from the cushion with a giggle and slowly twirls around for her boyfriend. She wears a cute two-piece outfit also. Her top is a solid band of black colored ruffled fabric around her two small breasts, exposing her naked neck, collar bone, back shoulder blades, her two naked arms, and too much of her rib cage. Her skirt is made of black tinted tulle, swirling in a wide circle, hiding her two long legs. Well, maybe not, you can see her two naked legs through a thin netting of black tulle. And Molfalso can see more, staring at her legs and her fanny, not her two big breasts.
Back at my table, I exhale with envy and swing to spy on my boyfriend.
Britton sits between his parents like a school kid, wearing a grin, staring at his two best buddies on top of a shared brown ratty loveseat with his biological parents.
Back at my pub table, I return and stare at Zann, like my boyfriend Britton.
Zann is a tall fairy teen girl with a head of long auburn colored hair, a tone of bronze tinted skin, a pair of big brown eyes, and a pout of pink colored thick lips. She continues to slowly whirl around without getting dizzy and entertains Molfalso, sounding with a giggle and a grin. The bit of tiny black fabric forms a tiny fairy cape wrapping around one of her arms, like a hand purse, sorta. 
A fairy cape does not have a requirement of length or width dimensions, only color, as the current academic class of the fairy.
Zann’s parents sit on top of a ratty long sofa in an ugly green and gray tones watching their daughter with a smile and a nod.
Zann’s mom is a tall and slender adult female fairy with a set of auburn colored hair too. Her mom has tone of pale tinted skin and a pair of blue eyes. She wears a gem stone color of pink blush, highly complimenting her skin, hair, clothing and tiara. Her dress displays a grandma style with a high collar and a set of long sleeves. Her long pink fairy cape flows down from both of her collar bones and puddles down onto the plastic floor with beauty.
Zann’s dad is a tall and slender adult male with a set of strawberry blond colored hair, blonde colored facial whiskers, dark tinted skin, and a pair of blue tinted eyes. His gem stone color is golden orange, wearing on his short-sleeved tee shirt without a sports jacket but with a matching short fairy cape, his matching gem stone forehead halo, and a matching pair of polished cowboy boots.
Molfalso’s mom is a tall and queen-sized adult fairy female with a tone of dark tinted skin, a head of black colored hair, and a pair of brown colored eyes. She wears the color of beige over her short fairy dress, her matching tiara, her matching short fairy cape, and her matching pair of unpolished cowgirl boots.
Molfalso’s dad is a tall and king-sized adult fairy male with a tone of dark tinted skin, a head of black colored hair and a pair of brown colored eyes too. He wears the gem stone color of silver, looking sparkly in his long-sleeved dress shirt, a short fairy cape, his shiny forehead halo, and a pair of unpolished gray colored cowboy boots.
Back at my pub table, I look down and tap on my gem stone, seeing the definitions of the colored gem stone with a whisper and a giggle. “Pink blush means shyness. Zann didn’t get her mama’s best trait. Golden orange is vitality. Yeah. She’s very active and vital inside Molfalso’s hands. The color of beige means practical. The color of silver is compromise. What a strange combination of gem stone colors and married personalities? I guess Molfalso’s parents belong together, having so many kids.”
Her mom scans the room with a nod and a smile. “Molfalso’s family is the biggest family on the island with several aunts and uncles and all their tall and fat biological children. Some of the children are still in elementary school. They’re taking up four long sofas…”
“Four fugly ugly long ratty and mismatched and patched mis-colored sofas, ya mean.” I giggle.
She frowns. “Persia, where are your fairy manners, this morn?”
“Mis-colored is not a proper fairy word, Persia,” Her dad chews the bread with closed lips in a smirk at his entertaining daughter.
“Inside the coach,” I look up and spy on Molfalso and his family.
Her mom returns back to see Molfalso and gasps in alarm. “Molfalso is sitting with Zann.”
I grin. “Mis-colored is an exclusive fairy world, Dad. And how do you know all of my teenly fairy fellows?”
“Be smart, Persia. I know every fairy family here in Fairyland. We live on an island, honey. And I attended fairy school with all these fellows, including the parents of your fellow fairies in second class.”
“O yeah,” I scan and spy on the room.
She frowns. “I can’t believe Molfalso and his family members are sitting with Zann.”
I scan the room, looking for familiar faces of my Second Class of fairies. “They’re a couple too.”
She gasps. “Zann’s family members are farmers.”
I grin. “Naw! They run one of the mill houses.” I share the fib, since Zann always incorrectly identifies her parents’ occupation, each school year, for some farting fairy reason.
She gasps. “No. They are farmers.”
“Naw, they’re collectors.” I giggle for my fun and her annoyance.
She gasps. “No. They are farmers.”
I grin. “Naw, they’re watchers like you and Dad.”
She frowns. “They are not watchers. Her family’s farm is fifteen miles from our land.”
I smile. “O good for me! But Molfalso and Zann are dating and the hottest coupled item at the Fairy Academy, last year.” I scan and spy on Walcott.
Walcott sits beside his mom, guarding her from bodily harm. He is a tall fairy teen with a head of dark brown shoulder length hair, a chin of red colored whiskers, and a tone of dark tinted skin on an athletic body type. He wears a plain black colored short-sleeved tee shirt, without a sporting jacket and his short black colored fairy cape, a pair of ripped and faded blue jeans, and a pair of polished black colored cowboy boots. His black gem stone forehead halo twinkles along his matching green eyes. He occasionally waves and wiggles his fingers at his girl Kuelle and then returns, attending to his mama, whispering down into her face.
Walcott’s mom is an average height adult female fairy with a head of long dark brown colored hair, a tone of dark colored skin on a slender body frame. She wears an ankle-length dress of violet color in the form of a tight lace around her slim body frame. Her matching tiara, her long matching fairy cape, and her matching pair of summer sandals dazzle in violet hue, making her look really pretty.
Walcott’s dad is a tall adult male fairy with a head of dark brown colored shoulder length hair, a chin of red whiskers, and a tone of dark tinted skin on an athletic body type from crop farming. He wears a gem stone color of dark yellow hue over his short-sleeved tee shirt, his short fairy cape, his forehead halo, and his pair of polished cowboy boots. He does not wear a sports jacket either.
Back at my pub table, I look down and tap on my gem stone with a giggle and a whisper. “The color of violet means imagination. And the color of dark yellow means…means depression.” I gasp, looking up and studying Walcott’s dad.
Walcott’s dad slumps both his shoulders, leaning his torso forward, staring down at the floor with a set of internal heavy mental thoughts.
Back at my pub table, I frown with concern and spy on Stad and his parents.
Stad is a tall and slender fairy teen male with a head of shoulder length black colored hair, a jaw line of black facial whiskers, a pair of blue eyes, and a tone of pale tinted skin, sitting with his parents inside a tiny orange and yellow tinted loveseat. He displays a short-sleeved black colored tee shirt, a pair of faded and ripped blue jeans, a short black tinted fairy cape, and a pair of polished black colored cowboy boots.
Stad’s mom is an average height and skinny adult fairy woman with a head of long black colored hair, a tone pale tinted skin, and a pair of blue eyes. She wears a gem stone of orchid, complimenting her light skin tone and her dark hair. Her short orchid colored dress shows off her polished orchid cowgirl boots, instead of a pair of summer heeled sandals. Her tiara of orchid stones glitters from the bright sunlight. Her short orchid fairy cape falls from her shoulders down to her waist.
Stad’s dad looks like his son, displaying a gem stone color of scarlet. The color matches his short-sleeved tee shirt, his short fairy cape, his forehead halo, and his pair of polished cowboy boots.
Back at my pub table, I look down and tap on my gem stone with a smile and a whisper. “The color of orchid is unconventional. The color of scarlet is defiance.” I look up and spy on the room. My eyelashes find teen Hadwin and his farmer parents who sit on a small and cramped ratty mis-colored loveseat too.
Hadwin is a tall fairy teen male with a tone of bronze tinted skin, a pair of amber eyes, a head of shoulder length red colored hair on an athletic body type, wearing a black colored short-sleeved tee shirt, a short fairy cape, and a row of black gem stones on his forehead halo. He stands up in his polished black colored cowboy boots, stretching to the ceiling, after sitting down inside the small cramped loveseat.
Hadwin’s mom is an average height adult fairy woman with a tone of pale tinted skin, a head of red short hair, a pair of hazel eyes on an athletic body type. She wears a short dress of citric yellow tone with her matching cowgirl boots, a short cape, and a shiny tiara of citric yellow stones.
Hadwin’s dad is a tall adult fairy man with a head of shoulder length black hair, a tone of dark tinted skin, a pair of blue eyes on an athletic body type too. His gem stone is plum color, displaying on his short-sleeved tee shirt, his short fairy cape, his forehead halo, and his pair of polished cowboy boots.
Back at my pub table, I look down and tap on my gem stone with a smile and a whisper. “The color of citric yellow is superficial. The color of plum is honor.”
Stad and his family are a farm family and the exclusive boy-fellow of Yachel. He sits on a really ugly piece of ratty multi-colored green, red, pink, yellow, blue and black patched loveseat with his parents which must be the smallest piece of ugly furniture in the world.
I look up with puzzlement and view the rear black tinted hairy skull of my mom. “Why doesn’t the school get new furniture settings, Mama? Stad’s mom is between her son and her husband. That’s so nice. I see Walcott, a fairy farmer too. He guards his precious mama too on the second ugliest and rattiest and smallest loveseat in the world. I see Hadwin, guarding his pretty mama, too, on another tiny loveseat, as well. Why are some of the biggest guys at the school, sitting on the littlest furniture pieces?” I laugh out loud with amusement
She frowns with a sneer at Hadwin and his family on the tiny loveseat. “The farmers are always both late and dirty. They stink up the entire room space when they enter during one of the fairy queen’s formal meetings.”
I gasp in shock. “You actually see the fairy queen in person. Do you really? We all thought that she was a figment of our horrible imagination in our minds and on the school walls. Is she, as ugly as, her colored portraits that hang on the dark hallway walls? I can see why the hallway is not lighted and dark like the midnight night sky,” I laugh with my dad.
Her mom swings around with a sneer at her daughter. “Persia, where are your proper fairy manners, today?”
I giggle, “Inside my luggage.”
“Uglier.” Her dad chews with a smirk and continues to scan each white tinted wall with wonderment as the wooden walls have been replaced with the white plastic.
“Do not talk bad about our queen, husband.” Her frowns at the rear skull of her husband.
I spy on the room with a giggle and a smile. “I see Yachel.”
Yachel sits on top of a single wooden chest from one the student’s bedroom for clothes in front of a low table with an empty second wooden chest beside her. The table holds a repaired platter of bread with three repaired mugs. Her parents share a double sized wooden chest from another student bedroom on the opposite side of Yachel.
Back at the pub table, Persia’s mom sneers at the fairy family. “Yes. There is Yachel.”
I frown. “She’s my best friend, Mama. Didn’t you go to our fairy school with her parents too?”
She studies Yachel and her family. “Yes. Yachel’s mom was in the class below me and your dad, if I remember correctly. She could barely hit any target with her firing ray of fuchsia. Do you recall that too, dear?”
“She’s pretty like her daughter Yachel with her dark skin and her pair of twinkling violet eyes.” Her dad chews with a grin at Yachel and her mom.
Yachel’s mom wears a fairy tiara of fuchsia stones twinkling across her blond hair roots. Her blonde colored hair is long, flowing down her back spine. She wears a simple gown of bright fuchsia, hugging one shoulder which is attached to her ankle-length fairy cape of fuchsia tint too. The gown makes her look both young and sexy.
Back at my pub table, I look down with a puzzled brow and examine my mom’s body. My mom wears an ancient and dull ankle-length gown with a set of big overbearing girly ruffles, covering both her breasts and her two collar bone in soft apricot hue while making her look much older than her original age. Her long black colored hair is pulled into a bun at the nape of her neck like a dead grandmother which also makes her look much, much older.
I look up with a smile and spy on Yachel’s daddy.
Yachel’s dad wears the color of soft turquoise, displayed in his solid short-sleeved tee shirt, his short waist-length fairy cape, his twinkling forehead halo, and his matching pair of polished cowboy boots. He doesn’t wear a sporting jacket like Persia’s daddy.
I look down and tap on my gem stone with a puzzled brow, accessing the stored mini-fairy library. The library holds all the pretty gem stones from each dead fairy providing tons of datum about everything here within my home island of Fairyland. I whisper with a soft giggle. “The dead do know.”
Then I whisper with a giggle and fingernail-write the word in my magenta tinted gem stone within my palm shell.


Fuchsia?


The gem stone writes back on inside the gem stone of Persia.


Fuchsia is a fairy color, meaning warmth.


I smile down with a whisper at my gem stone. “Yeah, Yachel’s mom is warmth, too.” I look up with a grin and view the platform, hoping something will happen soonest. With a pinch of fairy flare and magic, a set of white reader-chairs with an attached and matching reader-tray appears holding the entire staff of familiar faces from each fairy mentors here at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy for some reason.
I narrow the eyelashes and view fairy mentor Ibbie in her assigned fairy princess aqua colors. Oviv displays her usual hunter green colors. Kaapo wears her amber colors. Sondson presents in his usual fairy prince sky blue colors. Hamilcar wears in his burnt orange hue. Thurbet dresses in his lavender colors. And there are some other fairy mentors that teach the upper classes without my presence.
on top of the same elevated stage with a few rotten planks of wood, head fairy mentor Daffodil display a tall, queen-sized female fairy form with a head of blonde colored hair in a tight bun behind the nape of her neck, a pair of blue colored eyes, and a tone of pale tinted skin. She wears a long fairy cape and ankle-length gown of bright yellow with a set of matching gem stones. The bright yellow color and gem stones match her tiara too. She lifts both of her arms in the air and says with a smile and a nod to the room of fairies. “Welcome fairies, both parents and teens! We are gathered here today to discuss the plan, preparation, and presentation for the fairy queen coronation parade, walk and dance which will occur really soon this school fairy year. Of course, the fairy queen dance and dinner will be held at the fairy fort…”
Back at my pub table, I look down with a smile and tap on my gem stone with a whisper. “Bright yellow represents happiness. Yeah! Daffodilly is happy all the time,” I return back and frown with a whisper at Daffodil. “Fart! The farting fairy queen parade was scheduled for next year in the springtime, not right now, during the fall time here at school. This is ruining into my hot dating…”
“Persia,” her mom spins around and frowns at the nose profile on her daughter. “Persia. This is part of our surprise for visiting your school, this morning.”
I eye roll as my single eyeball sees Yachel with a sour frown. “Once upon a time…”
Yachel sits across the room on the opposite side of my chair near the white colored plastic wall, without touching it.
I twirl my fingers near my smiling lips with a giggle at my bestest friend and dearest neighbor.
Yachel sees her friend also and swiftly stands with a smile, waving her hand with a nod for Persia to come over and sit at her wooden chest also.
I view Daffodil and the nose profile on each one of my parents. My parents continue to view and listen to the string of words from Daffodil. So I retract my magenta fairy wave back from the tall stool chair, holding my dress hemline from the floor and my butthole up from the backless stool, sliding down from the tall stool.
Her mom turns and frowns at the back spine on her daughter with a whisper. “Persia, what are you doing? Where are you doing?”
“I’m sitting with Yachel. This is a fairy school for teens.” I move ahead and brush the smooth plastic wall with a smile, slowly dashing behind the back spine on my dad, without seeing the loud snarls on each one their distorted faces, crouching my head and two collar bone down into my breasts, sorta. I slowly run between each overcrowded pieces of furniture items that holds numerous fairy families. Finally, I stop and stand in front of a tiny wooden chest coming from one of the student’s bedrooms. The chest holds a repaired platter of stacked cold hard bread crumbs, where Yachel had consumed the lousy breakfast meal with her hungry pains.
I slide down and share the second wooden chest which acts like a very short and hard sitting bench on my buttonhole while sounding with a giggle beside Yachel.
Yachel scoots with a giggle and a grin into Persia’s long dress, hugging her best friend, whispering into the cheekbone on her friend. “I like your dress, if hugging on the hanger.”
I gasp in shock and then violently punch her bicep with a smile as Yachel almost falls off our shared tiny wooden chest. And then she and I both softly giggle with a smile.
On top of the elevated platform, Daffodil continues to smile and talks into her bright yellow tinted gem stone which echoes throughout the overcrowded and heated banquet room. The words slightly echo in a tiny soprano voice coming out from each gem stone too. “I would like to present our staff of dedicated fairy mentors…”
“Devious fairy dictators,” Yachel whispers to Persia as Persia giggles.
Daffodil grins. “The fairy mentors are housed in a reader-chair. Your parents remember the reader-chair and each fairy mentors too. The four walls have been covered with white plastic along with the floor and the ceil tiles for our fairy presentation, this early morning.”
“It looks better.” One of the fairies stands hidden within the heated and overcrowded room and sniggers into his personal gem stone that echoes throughout the room and into each pair of eardrums.
Some group of fairies laughs out loud from that funny statement as the other group of fairies spins around and tries to local the single rude fairy.
On top of the stage platform, Daffodil points down to her gem stone with a sour frown then smiles. “I am recording you here. Thank all of you for coming and missing your work assignment today. There has never been a fairy queen coronation parade marched here within our homeland of Fairyland. This is our first one. So, we plan to make the special once in a life time event both grand and great…”
On the shared wooden bench, Yachel stares at Daffodil and whispers to Persia, “Goody-goody!” She giggles with Persia.
“Why hasn’t there been a farting fairy queen coronation parade ever here within Fairyland?” I turn and frown at the nose profile on Yachel. She shrugs in silence and continues to watch Daffodil.
On top of the stage, Daffodil continues to smile. “Today, we present an animated picture of the planned parade route along with the planned marching parade attendees. Mentor Ibbie, could you please do the honor and display your animated picture upon the plastic material here inside the banquet room.”
Each wall, the floor, and the ceil tiles quickly display the same colored picture. A ground of red colored dirt and a section of pale blue tinted sky, and a bright yellow colored sun shines down on a set of numerous horizontal rows of solid gray square boxes.
Daffodil lifts up and shoots out, spreading her bright yellow fairy wave as her tiny thin fairy finger gently touches a tiny section on each wall, the ceil tiles, and the floor. The picture moves in a forward motion over the dirt, the sky, and sun. She points with her naked finger up to the ceiling with a laugh. “This is a winged steed’s point of view, ya’ll. The group of fairy mentors, including me, have drawn up a lineup of the parade characters, if you will. We painted the virtual picture scene on top of the dried red clay dirt hoping the coronation day is both sunny and bright. I will start with the first box, the biggest box at the beginning of the fairy queen coronation parade line. The first box is not gray, but white which will hold our esteemed fairy queen. She will be riding on top of a tower-like float using her own gem stone wave fairy power.” Each stunned fairy gasps in shock.
On top of the shared wooden chest, Yachel stares at one of the white colored boxes on the side wall with a sour frown and a whisper to Persia. “That’s weirdo!”
“Yeah!” I frown with a whisper at the same white box on the opposite side wall near her parents’ pub table.
On top of the elevated stage, Daffodil grins. “Yes. The fairy queen is still a very powerful and a very regal royal here within Fairyland. The fairy queen will lead her own coronation parade, since it is her parade and in her honor. The first group of solid gray boxes marches in four straight lines, hopefully too. Each gray box represents an individual band musician…”
Each fairy gasps in shock also.
On top of the shared wooden bench with Persia, Yachel reaches over and slaps her mother on the arm, saying with a smile and a nod. “I’m playing my flute.”
I gasp in alarm and continue to watch the moving picture. “I don’t play an instrument in the band.”
Yachel turns and grins at the hairy rear bone skull on Persia. “It doesn’t matter! Fake it and learn to play the drums. Zann can teach you to play the drums also. She is very talented in more than one ways. Who knew?” She laughs with Persia.
On top of the elevated stage, Daffodil grins. “Don’t lose your gem stone! I am going to describe overall each partitioned sections with the gray boxes. Then, each fairy mentor in charge of that particular section of gray boxes will speak later in my presentation. You and your family are here today to select which set of gray boxes represent your personal fairy participation in the fairy queen coronation parade. As I describe each section, please decide upon your specific solid box. The box is solid colored for a reason, which I will detail later in my presentation. As I continue to outline the summary of the parade, the third section of gray boxes will represent all the young school fairies from the age of three years old and higher towards seventeen years old, who will be dancing behind the row of talented band musicians.” One of the fairies blasts out a rock and roll musical song coming from his personal gem stone which echoes throughout the room as Daffodil swings her ankle-length dress side to side on top of the stage with her funky a dance and a giggle.
The other fairies gasp in shock. Then the musical song stops playing.
On top of the stage, Daffodil stops her dance and catches her breath, pointing up at the ceiling with a grin. “The fourth section of gray boxes will represent each unicorn rider. All the unicorns will participate in the parade, until all of them have been claimed by a fairy rider. And you are welcome to add your personal unicorns to the parade lineup, as well.”
One of the fairies stands hidden within the heated and overcrowded room and laughs into her gem stone for each pair of eardrums. “Can I bring my mule named Lucy?”
On top of the stage, Daffodil can’t identify the rude fairy but frowns. “No! You cannot bring your mule or your horse or your humor to ride in the fairy queen coronation parade. The fifth section of gray boxes will represent each ding-ding horse, until all ding-ding riders have been selected. The herd of small and tiny cute ding-ding horses are the favored pets of the fairy queen. There will be an assortment of older and younger ding-ding horses coming from her special stable barns for each qualified fairy rider. The sixth section of gray boxes will represent the brownies. The fairy queen has ordered all work brownies coming from every fairy family household to be present and participate in the fairy queen coronation parade. The brownies will be collecting and gathering up each piece of nasty and vile garbage item that will be left from each rider and dancer and beastie as the parade slowly progresses down the singe avenue towards the fairy fort.”
On top of the shared wooden chest with Persia, Yachel frowns at Daffodil. “That’s weirdo!”
“Yeah, weirdo!” I continue to watch the animated moving parade picture on the wall with a confused brow.
On top of the long wooden chest in front of Yachel, Yachel’s mom frowns at the nose profile on her husband with a sneer. “Our brownies are not going to this thing, dear.” He nods in silence and continues to stare at Daffodil.
On top of the stage, Daffodil grins. “So far, we have covered the ground surface parade participates.”
 One of the fairies stands hidden within the heated and overcrowded room and laughs into her gem stone for each pair of eardrums that echoes throughout the room. “Where are the rows of baton twirlers, ball jugglers, fire eaters, and body tumblers, which are usually seen in a fun festive festival parade?”
Some group of the fairies laughs out loud from the funny statement as the other group of fairies spins around and tries to local the individual rude fairy.
On top of the shared wooden chest with Persia, Yachel giggles. “Say that three times, fun festive festival! The funky fest…”
I silently mouth the three words with a giggle and return back, staring at Daffodil.
On the elevated stage, Daffodil can’t identify the rude fairy but frowns at the audience. “What are you referencing, rude fairy female?”
Inside the reader-chair on top of the stage, fairy mentor Ibbie slams both of her hands on top of the empty reader-table, staring into the audience, saying with a stern face into her necklace gem stone. “No! There will not be none of these things here within the fairy queen coronation parade or here within our homeland of Fairyland ever. I want to emphasize here. These things come from…”
“Thank you, Ibbie!” Daffodil nods with a stern face. “Let me emphasize here today! The fairy queen has devoted all of her valuable resources into developing her own personal fairy queen parade.”
“Dictated her numb subjects,” Yachel whispers with a giggle to Persia and continues to stare at Daffodil. Persia giggles and stares at Daffodil too.
Daffodil grins. “For the air exhibition within the parade, you see two set of gray boxes among the scattered white clouds that travel on each side of the parade route beside the rows and rows of ground surface marchers. They represent the fine fleet of winged steeds comprising both the draft horses and the duchess horses…”
“…pooping their smelly black colored turds down on the top of each ground surface parade participant,” one of the fairies stands hidden within the heated and overcrowded room and laughs into her gem stone for each pair of eardrums that echoes throughout the room.
Another fairy stands hidden within the heated and overcrowded room and laughs into her gem stone for each pair of eardrums that echoes throughout the room. “Mom, I don’t wanna march in the parade…”
“…the farting fairy queen coronation parade,” a third fairy stands hidden within the heated and overcrowded room and laughs into her gem stone for each pair of eardrums that echoes throughout the room. laughs into his gem stone for each pair of eardrums.
Some fairies laugh out loud from the funny statement as the other group of fairies spins around with a sneer and tries to local the set of rude fairies.
On top of the elevated stage, Daffodil lifts both arms in the air and sneers into her gem stone, “Silence, in here, please! I want silence in here, right now, fairies!” She drops down both of her arms and slaps her dress, exhaling with a smile. “Now, we will continue. Each mounted and controlled winged steed will fly high above the grass, not over the dirt…”
“What grass? It’s all dried weeds, dead flowers, and hard rocks. The island is stinky with lots of dead stuff. What is the fairy queen doing about the dead stuff?” A fourth fairy stands within the crowd and laughs into her gem stone for all eardrums.
“What dirt? It’s all dried weed, dead flowers, and hard rocks. The island is smelly like the farting fairy queen and her farting fairy parade.” A fifth fairy stands hidden within the crowded room and laughs into his gem stone for each pair of eardrums.
Some fairies laugh out loud from the funny statement as the other group of fairies spins around with a sneer and tries to local the set of rude fairies within the heated and overcrowded room.
On top of the elevated stage, Daffodil wear a sour face with a matching tone. “Each winged horse will fly and soar away from the parade participants, during the parade…”
“She forgot to say, the fairy queen coronation parade.” One of the fairies stands hidden within the crowded room and laughs into his personal gem stone for all eardrums.
Some fairies laugh out loud from the funny statement as the other group of fairies spins around with a sneer and tries to find the individual rude fairy.
On top of the stage, Daffodil exhales with annoyance and she cannot individual find the set of rude and nasty fairies within the heated and overcrowded room, fanning her sweaty face with her free hand. She fakes a smile with a nod to the audience of partially rude fairies. “Between each winged beast flying over the grass…”
One of the fairies stands hidden within the heated and overcrowded room and laughs into his personal gem stone. “Dead grass!”
Daffodil exhales with annoyance and continues to fake her smile. “There will be a beautiful zag-zig formation of numerous gem stone surfers on top of their individual colorful fairy waves…”
“I feel sick.” One of the fairies stands hidden within the heated and overcrowded room and laughs into her personal gem stone for each pair of eardrums.
“I fell off.” Another fairy stands hidden within the heated and overcrowded room and laughs into his personal gem stone for each pair of eardrums.
“I don’t wanna participate in the farting fairy queeny corny coronation puddy parade,” a third fairy stands hidden within the heated and overcrowded room and laughs into her gem stone for each pair of eardrums.
Some fairies laugh out loud from the funny statement as the other group of fairies spins around with a growl and tries to find the set of rude fairies within the heated and overcrowded room.
On top of the stage, Daffodil fumes with a fake smile at the group of rude fairies and then exhales with frustration, nodding her skull. “Now, I have described the parade line-up. I would like to present each fairy mentor, who will describe in detail his or her particular section of gray boxes…”
“The boxes are gray.” One of the fairies stands hidden within the heated and overcrowded room and laughs into her gem stone for each pair of eardrums.
“Gray ain’t a pretty color,” another fairy laughs via her gem stone.
“I’m sparkly silver,” a third fairy laughs into his gem stone.
“I’m happy blue,” a fourth fairy laughs into her gem stone.
“I’m angry red,” a fifth fairy sours into his gem stone.
“I’m precious pink.” A sixth fairy giggles into her gem stone.
Some fairies laugh out loud from the funny statement as the other group of fairies spins around with a snarl and tries to find the set of rude fairies within the heated and overcrowded room.
On top of the shared wooden chest with Yachel, I scan and spy around the room for the set of silly smartie fairies, but I can’t figure out which ones are voicing each silly cheer. The large banquet room is too densely packed for moving and too freshly heated for scooting around in my grandma dress. I turn and view the stage, shoving with a giggle on Yachel. She shoves back with a giggle and a grin too.
On top of the stage, Daffodil exhales with frustration and voices into her gem stone, back stepping from the middle spot on the platform, pointing to the first fairy mentor with a smile. “I would like to present Mentor Sondson. He is in charge of each band musician. You have the platform and the attention of the fairies, Mentor Sondson,” she continues to scoot backwards and stands between an empty spot within the row of reader-chairs that seats each fairy monitor, smiling at the audience of fairies.
Sondson swiftly scoots out from the reader-chair and moves into the same middle spot on top of the platform, after skipping over some of the deep pothole. He stands in place with a smile and taps his golden tinted left earring shell that holds his sky blue tinted gem stone with his finger. The sky blue fairy wave releases out from the gem stone and then spreads over each wall, the floor, and the ceiling. The moving picture changes into numerous straight rows of gray tinted boxes that appears on each wall, the floor, and the ceiling.
One fairy stands hidden within the heated and overcrowded room and laughs into her gem stone for each pair of eardrums that echoes throughout the room, “Gray boxes, again.”
A second fairy laughs into his gem stone. “Gray is not a color.
A third fairy laughs into his gem stone. “I don’t like gray.”
“Where’s the moving picture? I didn’t see it,” A fourth fairy laughs into her gem stone.
“Pick another real color, please, please, please!” A fifth fairy laughs into his gem stone.
Some fairies laugh out loud from the funny statement as the other group of fairies spins around with a sneer and tries to local the set of rude fairies within the heated and overcrowded banquet room.
On top of the stage, Daffodil continues to stand and crosses her arm with a sour frown while scanning each fairy for the troublemaker during the presentation, “Quiet out there, fairies!”
Sondson continues to stand in place and nods with a smile to the audience. “Good lovingly morn, fairies! I am Mentor Sondson. I have quickly collected and gathered a small musical band for the fairy queen coronation parade. And I am required to say it that way and in that order. Now, you will see my section of rows that represent the musical marching band, without a musical band member, presently. my section displays on each wall, the ceiling, and on top of the white colored plastic floor, which covers the ugly planks of rotten wood.
“The rest of the parade gray boxes have disappeared for the moment, but not the great big white tinted larger and taller box that will house our fairy queen.
“Please allow me to provide greatly details for your decision making. The first row will consist of flute players then a second row of clarinet players, then a third row of saxophone players, then a fourth row of trumpet players, then a fifth row of trombone players, and finally two rows of drummers. The gray boxes are plainly perfectly square boxes. The group of fairy mentors had selected the gray boxes for you to select your particular placement of your fairy being inside a box. If you greatly desire to play an instrument in the marching band, then please slap your tiny and flying gem stone color fairy wave into the desired box. Each box is equal.
“I am the leader of the marching musical band. There will be no co-leaders. However, the musical band must play and practice the single marching song over and over again until sick with a head cold or vomiting up your neon green colored puke.” He chuckles. “Without you then, we will gather and practice every morning here inside the banquet room, learning the marching song for our lovely fairy queen,” he chuckles, “So, please, zap a box, if you wanna be a marching musician…”
“Wait!” Daffodil quickly raises her arms in the air with a grin at the audience of fairies. “Yes, I forgot to explain something here, most importantly. The gray box serves a prime purpose. The box will accept your tiny and flying gem stone fairy wave and then record your name inside that specific, cold, gray spot for the parade. So, please select wisely here with your single most important fairy shot. This is the opportunity to place your name inside a gray box for your participation in the fairy queen coronation parade.” 
Each fairy turns and soft mumbles to their fairy buddy.
On top of the shared wooden chest beside Persia, Yachel frowns at Daffodil with confusion. “This is so weird-o.”
“Yeah, weird-o!” I frown at Daffodil and then study each side wall with rows of stationary solid gray boxes too.
On top of the stage, Daffodil smiles. “To make your decision easier for your brain cells, each fairy mentor will show his or his particular section of gray boxes first. Then, a partial or fulfilled section will remain up and on the white plastic all around the banquet room, until you decide which gray box you wanna occupy and then use and abuse. So, the musical band section is on the wall, currently. Please come and slam your personal colorful gem stone tiny finger flying fairy wave into one gray box, if you wanna play an instrument within the marching musical band. Then, the gray box will morph into your particular gem stone color as the participating fairy in the fairy queen coronation parade.”
On top of the shared wooden chest beside Persia, Yachel smiles with a nod and reaches out, gently tapping the collar bone on her mom. “I’m playing one of the flutes. Mama, are you playing a flute with me, too?” She claps her hand with a head nod of happiness.
I gasp in shock and study at the back spine on Yachel’s mother. “Can you really play a musical flute instrument like Yachel?”
Yachel’s mom spins around and grins at her daughter Yachel and then to Persia. “Well, it has been a long, long time, darling. But, you truly never forget how to do it. I’ll march with my daughter, playing my flute, too, during the silly parade. How’s that, sweetheart?”
Yachel grins. “Thanks, Mama.” She smiles to her father. “Daddy, can you play the rolling snarl drums, too, in the silly parade?”
Yachel’s dad turns with a smile and studies the side wall. “I am more interested in flying around in the non-saddle on one of the mighty draft horses, sweetheart. I wanna enjoy both the cool breeze and the hot sunshine above the dead grass, too,” he chuckles with his wife.
Yachel frowns with disappointment. “Okay, Dad.”
I turn and spy on the opposite side wall at the table with my parents. They lea down and bump heads while whispering in secret at their fairy table. They don’t play a musical instrument or ride a winged steed or surf on top of a gem stone fairy wave, like me. So, they might be interested in riding on top of a unicorn, like me.
On top of the stage, Sondson raises his arms with a nod and a smirk. “Go!”
An assortment of colored gem stone fairy waves swiftly shoots out across the naked air molecules in-between each skull bone inside the heated and overcrowded banquet room. One of the sailing colorful fairy rays quickly flies by the black silk on my right arm glove, leaving a trail of heat in the air as I gasp in alarm. “Mercy!”
“Mercy, who I didn’t know, ain’t here to save your butthole, Persia,” Yachel drags and drops both of them down onto the plastic coated floor with a giggle. “Get down now! Some of the adult fairies are a lousy shot with their gem stone too.”
I slip down and kiss the smooth plastic floor, feeling the coolness from the smooth material against my face and nose bridge, sitting upright on my kneecaps with worry, watching an array of colorful waves through the air.
On top of the floor, Yachel aims her palm upward with her pale blue gem stone at the ceiling tiles and fires out her fairy wave while receiving a seated position within the flute section as the gray box changes into the pale blue color from Yachel’s gem stone. She drops her head and nods to Persia with a smile.
Yachel’s mom had slid off the shared wooden chest with her husband for safety also. She continues to sit on top of the floor and discharges out her tiny finger fairy wave from her fuchsia tinted gem stone at each ceiling tile, too, making the box glow in her fuchsia color. She bumps the elbow of her husband with a laugh of delight.
 An array of fairy waves continues to fly out from a colored gem stone while fighting for air space and then slap against one of the white tinted plastic coated materials, without sizzling and burning the plastic surface, but turning a solid dull gray colored box into a pretty fairy gem stone color.
On top of the floor, I elbow Yachel with a gasp and stare at the new rows of beautiful different colored boxes that appear in the same spot on each white colored plastic material on each wall, the ceiling and the floor. “I realize some of these specific colored gem stone fairy rays. Zann’s fairy wave is candy pink. Stad’s wave is pale yellow. Molfalso’s mighty beam is crimson blood red. Hadwin’s ray is dark brown. Walcott’s fairy wave is a pretty amethyst tone. I bet he hates his particular gem stone hue as a tough and rough guy.” I continue to stare with a giggle at more flying fairy gem stone waves. “They all have zapped their finger fairy wave at each gray box for the marching band in the parade.” I feel sadness. I don’t know how to play a musical instrument while missing out marching over the dirt with my fairy friends.
Yachel grins. “No surprise there! We’ve been practicing like a real musical marching band without the marching steps, since Fourth Class. And we know the marching musical song too. We did a lot of practicing, when each one of us had been a changeling fairy that year also.”
I turn and gasp at her nose profile, “Really! That’s where you were misplaced during the school session, when I had attended each lonely boring class course and I couldn’t find your butthole, Yachel.”
Yachel turns and frowns at Persia. “We couldn’t do anything else but miss everything. We messed with each one of the fairy mentors until they were furiously angry. Then a set of slick fairy charms stopped our haunting during the mid-night hours. We are bored and started playing with a musical instrument, until we changed back. Thanks to you, again, Persia. You changed each changeling back into a normal fairy.”
I grin. “No. Lady Margaret figured out the secret earth mud and twig decoration, darling.” She and I elbow each other with a giggle, turning to watch some of additional zooming colorful gem stone fairy finger waves hit each white colored plastic wall, the ceiling, and the floor.
On top of the stage, Sondson continues to stand in place and claps with a smile, “Excellent job, fairies! Good shooting, teens! I can see that almost every gray box is filled with a vivid and bright gem stone color, at the moment. I will leave my section with the full and vacant rows of the musical marchers on each plastic coated material around the room, so if anymore musicians feel bold enough later to join the band. Thanks a lot!” He swings around with a smile and moves ahead, sliding back into his assigned reader-chair, nodding with a chuckle at the audience of fairies.
On top of the floor, Yachel and Persia safely stand upright and scan the room with a giggle, sitting back down on top of the small wooden chest. On each surface, the rows of boxes that form an ugly picture become animated also into a live action march that moves forward over the red colored dirt ground with a pale blue sky, and a yellow sun, displaying a tall and white solid colored box that leads the moving parade which is followed by rows mostly colored and a few gray tinted boxes that represent each true fairy musician.
Each fairy points and laughs at the surface animation of colored boxes around the room for fun.
On top of the stage, Daffodil points with a smile to the next fairy mentor and brushes her bright yellow fairy wave at each plastic surface as the picture animation stops. She nods. “The music section will remain on each side, down, and up plastic surface, until totally filled with beautiful gem stone colors. Mentor Ibbie has kindly volunteered to work with the herd of unicorn riders. She will add the unicorn rows that right now display lines of gray tinted boxes for any desirous minded fairy rider. Mentor Ibbie, if you would be so kind.”
Inside the reader-chair, Ibbie removes her broach pin and rubs the aqua gem stone over the reader-tray first, scooting out, standing upright from the seat. She slowly moves ahead with a smirk and stops, standing the middle of the platform in the same spot as Sondson.
On each plastic surface, four lines of gray tinted boxes appear behind the rows of twinkling gem stone color and a few gray tinted boxes that represents a true musical band musician.
On top of the shared wooden chest beside Yachel, I grin with a nod at the side wall with my parents. “I’m going to ride on top of a unicorn, not a duchess horse. I think my mom is riding on top of a unicorn with me too. I see her. My mom stands, aims her necklace shell with her apricot gem stone and readies for the play.”
Yachel touches Persia on the arm with a stern face. “Slide off the chest and back down on the floor again, before the firing rays begin. Those fairies are some dangerous beings. That’s good selection, too, Persia.”
I slide down over the floor again and spread my dress over my legs, lifting my palm in the air that contains my golden tinted shell that houses my magenta gem stone up towards the ceiling to capture one of the unicorn rider positions for the silly fairy queen parade, smiling at my brilliance.
Yachel reaches up with a gasp and grabs Persia by the glove, aiming her palm gem stone down at the floor, whispering into Persia’s cheekbone. “Naw! You might miss the gray box on the ceiling. Hit one of the gray boxes on the floor first, before anyone else. There’s a gray box trying to eat your naked toes. All the other dumb fairies are aiming at each wall. Hit the floor first! Then you got yourself a riding seat in the farting fairy queen parade,” she giggles with Persia.
I look down and smile at the gray box near my feet listening to the signal.
On top of the stage, Ibbie shouts out loud into her gems stone with a smirk. “Go!”
I hit the stationary single gray box with my tiny magenta fairy wave as the first fairy and capture the end position on the first row. The gray box turns into a bright magenta color. I slide side to side over the slippery floor of plastic and bump into Yachel for fun while crouching down, watching an array of flying colorful gem stone fairy waves sail through the air wave and hear the sizzle and sometimes feel the heat coming from the closest fairy ray with a sneer of annoyance.
I continue to crouch down and huddle with Yachel for both safety and protection without getting my hair roots burned off. Now, I understand the concept of a fairy tiara that deflects some of the sizzling out of control fairy rays coming from a set of lousy shooters. My eyeballs stare down at the floor plastic for amusement and protection. The apricot fairy wave from my mother grabs the second unicorn position beside me.
I raise one arm in the air with a gasp and then drop my limb back down into my chest as a red colored fairy ray barely misses my naked flesh. I sneer at the lousy fairy shooter and lean into Yachel. We both continue to huddle for protection, sometimes, one of us fires out our fairy finger wave while deflecting an inc0ming ray without getting burned or injured.
I lean over and sneer into her cheekbone, watching the fairy waves soar through the air waves. “Welcome to the first day of classes at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy!
“Yeah!” Yachel growls at the dangerous environment inside the banquet room and peels off another one of her pale blue tinted fighting ray and hits an out of control sap green colored fairy wave coming from another lousy fairy shooter. She slams into Persia for protection with a growl at the dangerous environment of careless mature and elderly adults plus the arrogant teens that are mixed with the young children, who do not own a gem stone. 
Numerous colored gem stone fairy waves swiftly fly across the room coming from various different angles that include standing or seated fairies who are trying to attack one of the empty gray boxes on each walls, the ceiling, or the floor. When two fairy waves collide on the plastic surface at the same gray tinted box, it makes a loud boom sound that does not harm the plastic. But the two battling angry fairies scream out loud, after feeling the heated sizzling pain from their powerful firing ray. However, the loud sound and the two or more yelling fairies do not stop the flood and flow of each flinging colored light that soars throughout the heated and overcrowded banquet room.
All of the children sit in the lap of one parent during the dangerous battle for the parade poll. Some of the fairy adults stand or crouch down, firing a fairy wave throughout the air at one of the plastic surfaces along with the elementary children, the pre-teen group, and the aggressive teenagers, and the elderly clan members.
Within the rows of unicorn boxes, an array of gleaming colorful gem stone hues morph and then shine inside the limited number of gray tinted boxes for a unicorn rider.
On top of the elevated stage inside her safe space in-between the rows of reader-chairs, Daffodil points with a smile up towards the ceiling. “All gone! Each gray box has completely been filled at hundred percent for all the unicorns. Please, stop discharging your personal fairy wave and lower down your personal gem stone to the floor. Please, calm down your intense emotions and slowly look around the room. And then count backwards from the math number ten very slowly, if you have not successfully attained the status of a talented musical band musician or a great unicorn fairy rider,” she chuckles and waves her gem stone the air with a smile. 
Each plastic surface starts to animate the live action march again. The tall and wide single white colored box leads numerous rows of colored gem stone hues, where a fairy cannot distinguish the lines of marching and playing musicians from rows of prancing unicorn with a fairy rider.
Daffodil smiles into the audience with numerous restless and active fairies. “I would like to introduce Fairy Mentor Thurbet. He will coordinate the lines of ding-ding horses that have been generously provided by our fairy queen for her fairy queen coronation.”
“I’m a ding dong.” One of the fairies stands hidden within the heated and overcrowded room and laughs into her gem stone for each pair of eardrums that echoes throughout the room.
Another fairy stands hidden within the heated and overcrowded room and laughs into his gem stone for each pair of eardrums that echoes throughout the room. “He’s a ding dong, riding a ding-ding.”
Some fairies laugh out loud from the funny statement as the other group of fairies spins around with a sneer and tries to local the set of rude fairies.
In front of the shared wooden chest, I struggle to stand from the floor with the assistance of Yachel, sitting on top of the wooden chest, seeing the next fairy mentor with a grin. Yachel and I both sit on top of the wooden chest without fearing a deadly firing ray for a ding-ding rider position on the wall.
On top of the stage, Thurbet stands in front of his reader-chair, instead of sitting like the other taller fairy mentors. However, no one notices as Thurbet is so short in his body frame. He holds both his hands behind his back out of sight, like usual, pressing his lavender ring gem stone over the reader-tray out of sight.
Between the glowing rows of color within the musical marching band section and the glittering rows of hue for the unicorn section, three rows appear and move forward consisting of gray tinted boxes that continues to cover each wall, the ceiling, and the floor.
Thurbet moves ahead, stops, and stands short in the same spot in middle on the elevated platform stage, waving his hand with the ring. The animation stops on each plastic surface. He lifts and whispers into his lavender gem stone inside his golden shell ring on his index ring as the stone catches his soft voice that echoes from each gem stone and into each pair of eardrums. “I’m a fairy of few words, short statue, and most action. Go!”
Three different colored gem stone fairy waves fly up and hit the ceiling plastic without harm coming from a single loveseat with teen fairy Gable and his fairy parents. Gable turns and giggles with mouth drool to his parents as each one slap hands and mouth spit their runny salvia over their lips like an abnormal fairy family, who has secured the front three positions in one of the ding-ding horse rows.
“Short action, shorty!” One of the fairies stands hidden within the heated and overcrowded room and laughs into her gem stone for each pair of eardrums that echoes throughout the room.
On top of the stage in her safe space between the row of reader-chairs, Daffodil smiles down into her gem stone. “We have confirmed three spots within the first row for each new ding-ding horse rider. Please use this precious time to swiftly ignite your colorful gem stone fairy wave for a desirable place among the gray boxes inside any one of the remaining four rows.”
No fairy wave slowly or swiftly emerges in the heated and overcrowded room as the other fairies laugh out loud and shake a bone skull with humor.
On top of the stage, Daffodil continues to stand and wait among the laughter from each fairy, tapping her foot underneath her gown with annoyance. “Maybe, my stone is not working. Please fly your fairy wave into one of the gray boxes as a new ding-ding horse rider within the fairy queen coronation parade.”
No fairy wave appears and as each fairy continues to laugh with amusement at Daffodil, Thurbet, and the absent fairy queen.
Daffodil exhales with annoyance and fakes a smile. “Well, there is more to show. So, we will return back to the empty boxes of ding-ding horse rows. Thank you, Mentor Thurbet!”
“Mentor Daffodil, you are very welcome.” Thurbet nods to the audience and spins around with a smile, moving back to his reader-chair, spinning around his boot heels. He stands in front of his chair again with both of his hands hidden behind his back spine, like usual.
Daffodil exhales with frustration and brushes her bright yellow fairy wave around the room. The still picture animates once again moving forward starting with the center solid white colored box, the glowing colorful with a few gray seats within the rows of marching musicians, a line of three glittering boxes with numerous empty and gray tined boxes within four frown, finally numerous rows of gleaming colors for the unicorn riders over the red colored dirt, underneath a pale blue sky with white scattered clouds, and a bright yellow tinted sun.
She smiles. “To summarize here quickly, we have almost hundred percent completion for talented musical band musicians, numerous open positions for a ding-ding horse rider, and one hundred percent completion filled for each unicorn rider. The next section is dedicated for the brownie area. You can see a blue colored circle instead of a solid gray box. Please, every fairy family clan member, zap out and paint each cornflower blue, which is so apropos now. Hit each cornflower blue circle using your gem stone fairy ray accepting each one of your brownie’s participation in the upcoming fairy queen coronation parade. This is indeed an honor for both the brownie and the fairy family. Go!”
 Numerous colored fairy waves soar each seat or from every wall hitting an individual cornflower blue circle without a colliding or fighting battle as each nice fairy allows another fairy to release a fairy wave next to them. After the fairy wave show ends without violence or fanfare, the room is quiet. However, there are still numerous dull looking cornflower blue circles left on each plastic surface that needs to be filled with an employed and abused tiny house brownie.
On top of the stage, Daffodil scans one of the clearer side walls which shows a duplicate picture on each wall, the floor, and the ceiling with a sour frown. “I see numerous cornflower blue circles that are not filled. I do not believe that the dull colored presentation of numerous cornflower blue circles is completely wrong. Please, zap out and paint each blue circle with your gem stone fairy wave, before of our session ends this morning,” she continues to survey the heated and overcrowded room of fairies without activating the parade picture with motion while determining which fairy family clan has not zapped their fairy wave into one of the cornflower blue circles.”
“Are you done here, fairy lady? I’m hungry. Is it time to eat?” One of the fairies resides hidden within the heated and overcrowded room and laughs into his gem stone for each pair of eardrums that echoes throughout the room. Some of the fairies nod with the great idea and smile at Daffodil on top of the stage.
Daffodil blinks her eyelashes and pops back into reality, nodding with a smile, waving her gem stone in the air and points up to the ceiling with the best view. “The next section has been highlight in the geometric shape of a solid diamond in midnight black hue that rises above the dirt and the grass...”
“What grass!” One of the fairies stands hidden within the heated and overcrowded room and laughs into his gem stone for each pair of eardrums that echoes throughout the room.
On top of the stage, Daffodil grins with a nod at the audience of fairies. “Yes, I can see many eyelids and eyelashes twitching swiftly with envy and delight. Many fairies have been waiting for this particular announcement which literally comes down from the air waves as a fairy rider is needed for each winged steed, that is our pride and joy here in Fairyland.”
One of the fairies resides hidden within the heated and overcrowded room and laughs into her gem stone for each pair of eardrums that echoes throughout the room. “I thought the ding-ding horses were the pride and joy of Fairyland.”
“They’re the fairy queen’s pride and pookie, tart.” A second fairy laughs into his gem stone.
“O my bad!” A first fairy laughs into her gem stone.
Some fairies laugh out loud from the funny statement as the other group of fairies spins around with a sneer and tries to local the set of rude fairies.
On top of the stage, Daffodil continues to stand in her safe space between the two reader-chairs, faking a smile into her gem stone, pointing up to the ceiling. “Look up into the sky!”
“What sky! I see dull looking plastic surfaces everywhere. Where have I landed down on the moon?” One of the fairies resides hidden within the heated and overcrowded room and laughs into her gem stone for each pair of eardrums that echoes throughout the room.
Daffodil frowns at the ceiling. “Please use your fairy imagination for a moment!”
I don’t know about fairy imagination, but my buddy next to me did cut a fairy fart. Woo! It stinks, ya’ll!”
She continues to frown and point at the ceiling. “Within the beautiful pale blue sky over our precious Fairyland, there will be six streaming, long horizontal columns of our fine winged steeds. Three long columns of draft horses will fly on the left side of our precious fairy queen. Three columns of duchess horses will soar on the right side of our darling fairy queen. Since, we all know that a draft horse becomes very jealous of any other male steed near his mated female duchess girl. Mentor Xing will conduct the recruitment and training of both the draft and duchess horse riders as our resident expert on the fine fleet of flying beasties,” she jabs a finger at the fairy monitor, “Please, come up here and orchestra your performance, Mentor Xing.”
Xing is a tall and muscular fairy male mentor with a brown colored ponytail, a brown colored full beard, a pair of blue eyes, wearing a pair of ripped and faded blue jeans, a dirty white tank top shirt, and a pair of polished brown colored cowboy boots without a silly fairy cloak. He sits inside one of the reader-chairs and touches the face on his indigo tinted gem stone which resides on his belt buckle, sending out a matching fairy wave over the top of his smooth reader-tray.
Each wall, the ceiling, and the floor quickly illuminate with six stationary horizontal rows with numerous diamond-shaped midnight black colored forms as each fairy cheers with delight.
Xing scoots off the seat from his assigned reader-chair and slowly moves ahead with a nod and a grin to Daffodil and then the fairy audience, stopping in the middle of the platform with a smile. “Thank you, Mentor Daffodil. I am very pleased and happy to be me and to be invitied to participate in the fairy queen coronation parade. Now, everyone can’t ride a winged horse. Some folks aren’t cut out for that. And there are a limited number of steeds for an individual fairy rider. No pairing. No two riders ever. The left side of the parade line will hold every draft horse. The right side lines will show off every duchess horses. So, I invite a competent rider to select any draft or duchess horse…” Numerous colored fairy finger waves fly out and try to place inside one the limited number of diamond-shaped forms of midnight black hue that represents a draft or duchess horse.
On top of the shared wooden chest, I gasp in alarm at the sudden appearance of numerous fairy waves and bend down at my waistline, slamming down into the used stack of repaired plates without food and the row of used repaired glass tumbles without liquid on top of another small wooden chest which is being used as an eating food table. Each plate and tumbler drops down over the hard surface and then rolls over the edge on the chest falling down on the floor.
On top of the larger wooden chest, Yachel’s mom spins around with a smile and shoots out her two fairy fingers from her fuchsia colored fairy wave, capturing each delicate object in the air without breakage, moving all the items towards the wall corner out of target range from Persia and any flying fairy wave.
On top of my shared wooden chest, I slide down and crouch with Yachel again on top of the smooth floor, looking up, viewing numerous colorful fairy rays slam into the ceiling, each wall, and the floor next my platform shoe and gasp with shock. I pull my body into a folded ball of worry.
Yachel’s dad continues to sit on top of the larger wooden chest with his wife while wearing a fairy shield, looking up with a smile at the ceiling, slamming his gem stone fairy wave into the white plastic without harm. His turquoise fairy wave captures one of the limited and available midnight black diamond shapes. He swiftly stands upright from the chest with a smile and dances around in a circle with laughter as numerous fairy rays zoom by his earlobes. He stops and sneers at the fairy with the mauve colored fairy wave, lifting his arm with the wrist watch for a revenge shot at the nasty fairy.
On top of the shared pub table, Persia’s dad continues to sit with a smile and slams his light brown fairy wave up into a flying emerald green wave coming from another fairy. His light brown wave bends and ricochets back down into his wooden pub table. Both of Persia’s parents gasp in alarm at the small fire on top of the wood and then drop down, kissing the white plastic coated floor as the wooden table swiftly burns with a lighter fire and sizzles the air with heaps of red and yellow colored fiery sparks.
Persia’s mom swiftly lifts up her naked arm and holds her gem stone necklace in the air near the edge of the pub table. She tosses out her apricot colored fairy wave in the form of a flat fairy hand and kills all of the oxygen molecules in the flaming fire, douching the fiery flames. Then the fire dies out but displays a big hole outlined in a burnt black ring in the middle of the wood from the fiery flames.
Down on top of the floor, Persia’s mom drops down her arm to the floor and continues to rest, panting with relieved breaths.
Persia’s dad lies beside his wife with a growl of annoyance. “I’m riding a duchess horse or else!” He swiftly stands upright from the floor and aim, firing out his light brown colored ray up at the ceiling as a flying plum colored fairy waves bats his ray away for a second time. The plum fairy ray grabs the empty gray box as the box gleams in the pretty color of plum.
A golden colored skeleton-like fingernail swiftly claws at a flying scarlet colored fairy wave, knocking the wave away from the side wall. The golden fairy wave easily slides down inside the gray box on the draft horse and morphs into a glittering gold hue.
The other colored fairy rays swiftly travel out from a gem stone and collide ugly with all the other soaring colored waves, creating a group of yelling angry fairies and a set of sizzling, booming waves.
On top of the elevated platform, Daffodil raises both of her arms in the air with a sour frown as the citric yellow wave soars to her eyelashes, “Stop!” She swiftly dives off the platform with a loud scream.
Some fairies chuckle and point at her flying fanny going down towards the floor. The other fairies spins around and tries to find the group of rude fairies.
On top of the elevated stage, fairy mentor Xing continue to stand in the middle of the platform, swaying his muscular body side to side while easily avoiding each heated flying fairy wave. Then he swings his indigo fairy wave, capturing two dueling rays from harming his person and the side wall with a chuckle. “Hit me again, fairy fart!” Numerous colored fairy rays fly out from an individual colored gem stone and continue to battle with each other over the limited number of gray boxes with each winged steed, until each gray box is filled with a pretty color. Xing captures both a dark orange and an azure blue fairy ray inside his indigo fairy wave of fingers, saying with a smile and a shout out. “Full! No more gray boxes! Stop the battle, fairies! However, it has been an excellent war. Now, war is done! Get over it!” He quickly releases the captured two fairy waves from his gem stone with a laugh. The two fairy waves suck back into the individual fairy gem stone and as each fairy expresses great disappointment and intense pain.
From the floor, Daffodil slowly stands with a huff, dusting the dirt off her bright yellow tinted fairy gown with a sour frown, slowly moving back onto the stage. She stops and stands beside the last reader-chair and frowns into her matching bright yellow tinted gem stone. “All right! Each gray box that once represented a draft or duchess horse is completely full. Each gray box is gone. There are no more posts to mount and then ride on top of a winged steed,” she exhales with a smile. “Now, I will introduce Fairy Mentor Oviv for the next set of gray boxes. Mentor Oviv, please come and stand in the middle of the platform, if you dare.” She laughs and slowly sidesteps moving back off the platform with a smile while observing the fairy audience.
On the row of stationary reader-chairs, inside her assigned reader-chair, Oviv touches and then shoots a tiny pinky-sized dark green colored fairy wave from her golden shell choker that holds her dark green gem stone. Her fairy wave hits her reader-chair first. Then each wall, the ceiling, and the floor quickly morph and add six columns of gray boxes. She raises both of her arms with a smile and a laugh, staring into the audience of fairies. “You can see smooth rows of new set of squared shaped gray boxes that stands stationary on the plastic surface but will fly high above the rows of musicians, riders, and brownies and beside the rows of draft horses on each side of the dirt road in the pale blue skyline. This area accommodates a fairy surfer. There are also a limited number of gray boxes for each new surfer also. So, I am going to move off the platform and stand over there inside the wall corner away from all the flying rays. Thus, you battle it out again until each gray box is glowing with a pretty gem stone color. Go!” She spins around with a chuckle and swiftly dashes off the platform without getting hit by a flying fairy ray, moving into the wall corner with a snigger. She stops, squats, and huddles with head fairy mentor Daffodil.
Inside the wall corner, Oviv and Daffodil both spin around with a smile and sit on top of the floor, watching an assortment of flying fairy wave action throughout the air waves while feeling some of the soaring tiny sparks of heat. Numerous colored fairy fingers target each the available gray box. Each fairy ray collides and then explodes into a set of pretty sparks, intersecting each other with beautiful violence. Simultaneously, numerous single colored fairy fingers swiftly touch an individual gray box, glittering within a pretty hue of victory for the winner. The loser receives a backward slurp of intense pain through their firing gem stone that echoes throughout their biological fairy body.
A few seconds later, three individual colored fairy rays target at the last gray tinted box as a surfer. The azure blue fairy wave wins the battle as the female fairy bounces up and down with joy from one of the naked tables, sitting back down with laughter.
Inside the wall corner with Oviv, Daffodil slowly stands upright from the floor and shakes her curls saying with a sour frown down into her gem stone. “That was not a set of very good adult fairy behavior, especially, in front of the developing proper adult behaviors for our group of young teens. Thank you, Mentor Oviv!”
Inside the same wall corner, Oviv slowly stands upright from the floor and strolls ahead with a smirk and a chuckle back toward her assigned reader-chair on top of the stage. She slides inside the cold, hard plastic seat listening to the rest of the oral presentation from the head fairy mentor of the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy.
Inside the wall corner, Daffodil slowly moves ahead, climbs the platform and then stops. She stands back in the center of the platform, saying with a smile down into her palm gem stone. “The rows of gray boxes for each fun surfer is one hundred percent and also completely filled. However, if more surfer-less fairies are desiring to participate in the fairy queen coronation parade, you might be able to talk the Fairy Queen into a couple of more surfer rows.” The audience of fairies loudly cheers for fun. Daffodil nods with a grin and tosses both of her arms in the air with laughter. “The word, maybe, is the key word here with the Fairy Queen…”
“Maybe then, I can quit the fairy queen coronation parade, too.” Yachel leans over with a sour frown and a whisper into the cheekbone on Persia.
I giggle with a nod and stare at Daffodil. “The two words, maybe then, is not the key word here, darling.”
Daffodil scans the room with a stern face. “As I study one of the side walls, the remaining unfilled boxes are located inside the ding-ding section. Hint! Hint! The fairy queen has ordered everyone inside this room to march in the fairy queen coronation parade. I address to the teens, exclusively. If you don’t wanna walk the three miles from here the fairy school to there the fairy fort, then…”
On top of the shared wooden chest, I gasp. “The fairy fort is three miles from the school.”
Yachel grins. “Sh! I wanna hear this from Daffodilly.”
Daffodil says into her gem stone. “Then each teen should now slam your fairy wave into a gray tinted box for a ding-ding horse, saving your sandal heels,” she laughs. “There will be no tall or heavy adults on top of any of tiny beasties.” Numerous colored fairy waves fill the remaining gray boxes coming from an individual or a gang of tiny adult fairies, slamming each wall, the ceiling, and the floor.
Daffodil had outfoxed the sly teen fairies with that slick maneuver.
She smiles at each plastic surface. “This is much better. I can see that all the gray boxes are one hundred percent full. Thank you for your cooperation and participation! Now, the group of unlucky teen and adult fairies without a pretty gem stone color inside one of the gray solid boxes will walking the three miles in the fairy queen coronation parade.” Some of the fairies loudly sound with a moan. She smiles. “We have finished with the selection process for your role in the parade, the easy part. All the fairies, both teens and adults, will meet every morning here at eight am to break the bread and start the day for rehearsing the parade route…”
“Just perfect!” On top of the wooden chest, I lean with a sour frown and a whisper into the cheekbone on Yachel. “This blows for me sending sets of my invisible kisses to Britton each morning during the breakfast meal. This stupid farting parade is soiling and spoiling my teen girly fun. I wish the stupid queen would celebrate her stupid coronation inside her secret fairy fart…”
Yachel hugs Persia and slams her hand over Persia’s mouth with a worried brow, whispering into the cheekbone on her friend. “Sh! Do not speak bad stuff about her…”
I slam her hand down from my lips, “Her, who?”
“Her, her,” Yachel whispers.
“Her, her?” I whisper.
Yachel scans the room with a whisper, “Yeah, her, her. The walls have ears. The ceiling has eyes. Her, her knows everything.”
“Whatever!” I whisper and back away from Yachel’s hug, wearing with a sour frown, scanning the crowded room for Britton. He sits with his parents on top of a long sofa, eating the bread with a laugh and a smile with his dad.
My eyeballs dart back to my parents with a giggle and a grin. My parents bump heads again and sit on top of new white plastic floor. Their wooden pub table still releases tiny plumes of white steam from an enemy firing ray that has burnt a large hole in the middle of the table.
I scan more of the room and see lingering white smoke clouds and more pieces of burnt furniture, where more dueling gem stone fairy waves had attacked each other targeting the same gray tinted box on one of the plastic surfaces. I frown with annoyance thinking that Daffodil should have handled the selection process differently.
On top of the stage, Daffodil smiles. “The talented fairies, who are musicians, will meet each morning here and practice the marching song with Mentor Sondson. Mentor Oviv will be in charge of the parade surfers and their individually colored flying fairy wave. Mentor Xing will organize the winged steeds for the group of riders. Mentor Thurbet is coordinating the ding-ding horses with the selected riders. Mentor Kaapo will direct the lines of unicorns and their fairy riders. Mentor Faddy is in charge of the marchers, not riding a fanny upon a warm body part. For the brownies, Mentor Hamilcar will assist me with that honor. However, that is much later.
“First, all the teen fairies from First Class, please rise and go with Mentor Faddy into his classroom working on sculpturing your individual rocks into a polished gem stone. Second class, please stand and walk into the Blacksmith Shop which is located behind this white rear wall behind my back spine. Mentor Ibbie will be responsible for the Third Class. Mentor Hamilcar is working with the Fourth Class. And I take charge of Fifth Class, until all ponies are in place.” She giggles. “I would like each adult to join one of the three groups of fairies assisting Mentor Xing or Mentor Thurbet or Mentor Kaapo outside. Everyone, please, rise and go with your fairy mentor. Then, I will contact the fairy mentor for the next step in the fairy queen coronation parade. You may leave right now! Get up! Scoot! Scat! Get going!”
on top of the wooden chest, I slowly stand on top of the floor and jerk my long dress up and over my kneecaps, keeping the hemline from tearing underneath the pairs of rough boot heels from each male or a pair of spiked heels from each female. I follow the other teen and adult fairies slowly scooting out of the banquet room.
Inside the crowded hallway, I reach down and rub my gem stone over my lovely long dress with a smile, morphing into my comfortable peach colored tee shirt, a pair of faded and ripped blue jeans, and my unpolished brown colored cowgirl boots. I trot ahead of my parents without waving goodbye either. Since they have been invited to stay and spy on me on the first day of the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy. I move down the semi-dark hallway with Yachel and my fellow fairies avoiding each old and deep dirt pothole and each new one too.


11:04 a.m.
Fairy Lore Class
Classroom setting


I wait my turn to enter into the familiar room, holding my past, present, and maybe future fairy lore lectures. The other fairies laugh and talk, moving through the open archway.
Inside the wall corner, Molfalso stands upright with his two buddies Hadwin and Stad as he yells out loud with a chuckle at her buttonhole. “What did you get, Apella?”
Apella stops a few feet from the open archway and turns with a grin and a nod, saying to Molfalso, Hadwin, and Stad. “I got a draft horse.”
I gasp in shock and stop before the open archway, standing beside Yachel. “You’re joking, Apella. You captured a winged steed within the numerous blasting adult fairy waves. I don’t believe it.”
“Move your muffins, Apella!” Yachel shuffles through the open archway with a sneer and shoves Apella over the floor, moving ahead toward the side wall.
Apella flows with the shove and slowly strolls ahead into the room, saying with a grin and a giggle to the forward wall of plastic hue. “I do not joke about fairy facts. I had secured a gray box with a draft horse in the fairy queen coronation parade.”
I gasp in shock and shake my curls with amusement at Apella and enter a room without a set of reader-chairs and attached reader-trays again. Each wall, the floor, and the ceiling tiles are colored plastic white hue. I follow behind Yachel and stops, leaning upright against one of the smooth walls, staring at each teen in silence.
Yachel wiggles side to side on the wall beside Persia, saying with a smile to each pair of eardrums, “I’m in the musical marching band, playing the flute with my mom.”
Zann stands and elbows Yachel, saying with a smile and a nod. “Me and my mom are participating in the musical marching band too. My dad, he is riding on top of a duchess horse, thou.”
Hadwin stands down the wall corner with his friend and a grin. “Me and my dad are riding a draft horse flying side by side together like a son and father.”
On the opposite wall, I gasp in shock and turn to see Hadwin. “Congratulations, Hadwin! I’m riding one of the unicorns with my parents.”
A few feet down from Molfalso, Gable stands low between tall Britton and taller Molfalso, saying with a giggle and a tongue mouth spit. “I’m riding a ding-ding horse with both of my parents.”
On the front wall, Apella stands and grins. “My parents and I, each one of us is riding on top of a draft horse.”
I gasp in silence and shock, staring at the ugly face on Apella. 
on the opposite wall beside Britton, Walcott raises both of his arms in the air, saying with a smile and a nod. “I’m a surfer with my parents, riding the sky waves, ya’ll.”
Molfalso laughs. “What did you get, Kuelle?”
On the same wall next to Persia, Kuelle stands and exhales with great disappointment, “I got a ding-ding horse; I wanted a unicorn and missed it.”
Beside tall Walcott, taller Nabell stands and crosses her arms with a sour frown. “I’m not participating.”
Kuelle points with a giggle across the room to Nabell. “She’s walking.”
Eadric leans and hugs his girl Nabell, saying with a laugh and a nod. “She’s dancing over the dirt. She didn’t capture a gray box.” The other teens laugh. 
Then classroom door opens. “No chairs. No mentors. No class. Yay! We can leave for the day. I make a rhyme, ya’ll.” Gable swings around to face Ibbie. The door closes shut.
“Good morning, fairies!” Ibbie moves ahead from the closed door through the wide space of the side wall, where each teen leans against the plastic surface. She stops and stands in front of the classroom, placing her broach pin inside the wall insertion pocket, tapping on the aqua tinted gem stone. All four walls and the floor, but not the ceiling tiles change into individual sections within the parade structure.
She swings around with a smile to see each teen. “I have split out the section layout of the parade structure over each wall and the floor. The musical marching band musicians are on my left hand or left side. The winged steed riders are on my right hand or right side. The ding-ding and unicorn riders are located at the rear wall and opposite from my face. The walking walkers are located in the center of the floor. Please, move around and stand in front of your glowing gem stone fairy wave position. I need to instruct. You are still Second Class, teen fairies.”
Each teen slowly shuffles around and eventually stands in front of their selected parade role.
I leave the side wall and stroll ahead with a giggle and a grin, standing in front of the side wall with the other ding-ding horse riders and unicorn riders which are represented by Kuelle, Gable, and Eadric.
Nabell, Britton, and the other fairies stand in the center of the room as an individual farting fairy walker.
Zann, Yachel, Walcott, Hadwin, Molfalso, and Stad stand together on the opposite side wall as a group of talented musicians. Each one shoves on each other for fun, sounding with laughs and grins.
Apella stands alone on the side wall for the winged steeds.
On the front wall, Ibbie grins at solo teen. “Fairy Apella, very good! You were very swift and accurate with your golden colored fairy wave. It was stiff competition for each winged steed, truly indeed.”
“Is ‘truly indeed’ the right adverb-verb combo here, ya’ll?” Stad chuckles.
“I wanna ride on top of winged steed too.” Britton raises both of his arms in the air with a sour frown, crossing them over his green colored tee shirt with a sad pout of angry and disappointment.
In front of the classroom, Ibbie turns and frowns to Britton. “You ain’t! You need to practice your flying fairy wave better, fairy Britton. I see a nice lineup of unicorns and almost an entire orchestra of talented musicians. Congratulations to each teen! Each one of you has done a good job of zapping one of the plastic surfaces with your gem stone fairy wave. This year, at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy, your class time will be very different. Starting today, you will be practicing your specific role in the fairy queen coronation parade. Starting today, you will be participating with the other fairies, sharing your similar parade role. Therefore, you will not be socializing with the usually classmates, unless you are also in the same similar parade role, for example, the musician group. Unlike Apella, she does not have any of her fairy classmates…”
“And we don’t mind either.” Molfalso laughs.
Ibbie smiles to each student. “Starting today, you will practice your role in the parade, until the lunchtime meal. Then, you will eat lunch with your parents and then…”
I eye roll and exhale with annoyance, returning back to see Ibbie, whispering for my eardrums only. “My social life is over this year at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy.”
In front of the classroom, Ibbie nods to each student. “Starting today, after the lunchtime meal, you will entertain your parents…”
Each teen sounds with a series of cheers and claps.
I barely clap with a soft moan and a sour frown. “My school life is dead.”
Her aqua gem stone broach flashes. Ibbie smiles and reads out loud the written message down on the stone, returning back to see the room of teens. “You will show off your learned fairy skills now. It is time to go to your selected fairy grounds. All winged steeds have landed on the north campus beside the building wall. The ding-ding horses and the unicorns are standing in the dirt grounds on the western end of the school campus. The marchers are all located in front of the school, so go and gather on the front porch. The band musicians are to report to the music room with Mentor Sondson. The rows of flying surfers are working a wave on the east side of the building. The brownies are not present, currently. Please, go and find to your designated side within the school campus ground for your role in the…”
“Fairy queen farting coronation parade,” Hadwin continues to stand against the side wall and shouts out loud on a row with his buddies.
The classroom door opens. Each teen spins around and exits the classroom for the new school assignment.
I swing around and slowly move ahead, exiting the room, moving into the overcrowded hallway. without my friend Yachel.
The classroom door closes.
At 11:11 am, I elbow a clear pathway through the semi-dark and hotly overcrowded hallway that holds too many fairies and their parents. Every single teen fairy is out from the room and slowly moves towards one of the designated campus ground spots for their designated parade role.
I follow the other fairies heading towards the western side of the building with the unicorns and the ding-ding horse riders. I halt inside the open archway and see a pile of shiny flutes at the exit door archway with a nod of understanding.
Each beastie lives on the southern side of the island including the group of draft horse and the duchess horses. Even though, Mentor Xing said that the winged steeds lived in the sky and the clouds. The beasties eat and sleep inside a horse stall away from the nightly flood and the nasty weather elements, which is maintained by a group of barn brownies.
Then I remembered. Yachel’s daddy had turned and moved in the opposite direction on the northern side of the building. A winged steed can fly over the rooftop on the school building and then land down in front of a fairy rider. While the rows of unicorns and ding-ding horses gallop from each barn, over the dirt hilltop, and then down into the green colored valley on the south side of the Fairy Academy. 
I wait my turn to exit the building and reach down, grabbing a flute. The flute song is used to call my personal unicorn, who is named Komilly. I had ridden her at the age of thirteen years old during my Fifth Class here at school. I wonder if Komilly will remember me. I reach up and rub my stone over the nasty smelly thing.
I sneer with disgust. “Nasty, nasty, nasty…”


11:22 a.m.
Fairy School building
West exterior building side 
Row of colorful unicorns
Warm temperatures and partly sunny


I slowly move outside and stomp down each broken stone into a plot of knee-high yellow tinted weeds with a sour frown. “Doesn’t someone own a grass mower machine or a corral of hungry two-horned farm goats? Geez!” I elbow my way through the heavy smelly crowd of standing fairies and locate my mom. The fairies have formed a semi-crooked line at the southwestern corner in front of the building while calling for their individual unicorn to topple the hillside. I squeeze between my mom and another unfamiliar female, saying with a giggle of amusement, staring at the dirt hilltop. “Do you actually possess a unicorn here, too, Mom?” 
Persia’s mama frowns at the top of grassy hill. “Yes, Persia! I do possess a personal unicorn here.”
“Okay.” I toss the flute in the air and shoot out my tiny magenta fairy ray on each flute key, blowing my invisible sour breath germs in the air too. My breath and the flute connect, lovingly.
The flute starts to play a set of musical notes, beautifully.
I narrow my eyelashes at the same grassy hilltop without seeing a green colored face on my unicorn Komilly and then wait, shooting out my tiny magenta fairy ray again at the flute keys. The flute starts to play the song, again, beautifully.
“Persia, please play the song continuous. With all surrounding musical racket, your personal unicorn won’t here your sweet song.” Persia’s mom continues to scan the landscape as her flute continues to play the lovely notes over and over again.
I nod without words and shoot out my tiny magenta wave at the flute keys. The flute starts to play the same song over and over again.
The mom of Persia reaches over and touches her daughter’s naked arm, staring at the hilltop with a smile. “You must wear your lovely long fairy dress.”
I scan the hills for Komilly, “On the day of the parade, yeah.”
“During the parade practice, too, you must wear your lovely fairy dress today,” Her mom drops her hand from Persia and continues to look for her orange unicorn.
I turn and frown at her nose profile, “No way, Mom!”
She continues to scan the landscape for her unicorn with a smile. “Change the jeans into your lovely long fairy dress, honey!”
I shake my curls and rub my gem stone over my comfortable peach colored tee shirt, a pair of faded and ripped blue jeans, and my unpolished cowgirl boots. The black colored collarless, sleeveless, and strapless gala dress appears over my pair of unpolished brown colored cowgirl boot, getting dirty in the red dry dirt.
And then the ground shakes underneath my foot soles.
I wobble side to side in my fashion dress sandals, looking up with a smile at the hilltop. A line of colored unicorns topples the hill and halt as they neigh and paw the dirt for attention.
The first row of colorful unicorns gracefully leaps in the air, galloping down the sloped hilltop, shaking the ground again.  The row of fairies shifts to the left and to the right moving ahead towards their individual unicorns.
I do not see Komilly among the galloping herd. My flute plays over and over again with my unique stinky bad breath and pretty musical rhyme. A third line of colored unicorns appear, galloping up the hillside, sounding like rolling thunder. I wave with a giggle and a grin at my green colored unicorn.
Komilly sees Persia, kicking her two rear hoofs into the air with excitement and then charges down the hill into the valley, slowing her pace and then stops in front of her fairy mistress.
I extend both my arms with a smile of love to Komilly and moves ahead toward her back spine, igniting my magenta wave, lifting it up in the air. I create a tiny whirlwind, lifting the skirt on my dress from my sandals, two naked ankles, and my two naked legs but not showing off my fanny bloomers either as I am a fairy lady.
Whatever, ya’ll!
I slowly ascend up and then down on top of her naked back spine, whipping my gem stone wave in the air. A worn saddle appears there instead of my fanny bloomers. I shoot my fairy wave and place a mouthpiece inside Komilly’s teeth with a set of reins, guiding down the parade route for practice.
A magnificent feat of fairy showmanship!
I spread both of my legs wide underneath the ankle-length skirt over the tiny saddle and the warm beastie coat on Komilly. My fanny lands on top of the smooth saddle leather. My two legs bow around her thick stomach of good eating inside the fertile meadow fields. I giggle and wiggle my thickly padded fanny side to side, conforming to the soft leather. 
The mom of Persia sits on top of her unicorn turning with a sour frown to spy on her daughter’s teen misbehavior. “No saddle is allowed during the fairy queen coronation parade.”
I wiggle and giggle inside the worn soft saddle. “What, Mom?” I gently press the skirt around my legs and the rump of the beastie, finding a comfy spot.
Her mom frowns. “We are re-enacting the first coronation of the fairy queen parade during the year 1604. Fairies did not ride on any type of fanny saddles or use any type of steering reins, Persia.”
I eye roll and then view my mom. “Geez! I learned that in my farting Fairy Lore class. The old farting fairies lived on top of forest trees, Mom. I’m not going to climb a tree in my fancy fairy gown either.”
Her mom frowns. “You’re feisty today, child.”
I lean over and pat on Komilly’s pale green colored mane with a smile, “I’m sixteen years old with a fairy license to drive a coach during the coronation march too. I wanna do that transport…”
“No reins are allowed on the unicorn in the fairy queen coronation parade either.”
“Geez! I’m going to fall out the beastie before the parade even ends.” I frown.
Her mom frowns. “You’re disobedient, too, child.”
“I’m a teen, a pre-requisite.” I turn and view the doorway.
I do not see Yachel, because she is inside the building out of hot sun, practicing the flute with her mom, wearing her fancy fairy gown. I bet she doesn’t argue with her mom over a padded seat in the chair and a dress hemline either. I like Yachel’s mom. She looks like Yachel as she is tall with a head of blonde colored hair, and a pair of violet eyes. She is very nice with a smile and a laugh all the time.
My mom is tired all the time. She looks similar in physical appearance of her daughter, but is missing my funny personality and tender feelings.
On top of the saddle, I look down and tap on my gem stone, making the worn leather saddle and raw scratched leather reins disappear too.
Actually, the brownie does a flash run, grabbing up the two horse items. A fairy cannot materialize an object. They steal it, bestest.
I feel the bony spine rub my bony butthole numb, exhaling with annoyance.
Persia’s mother wiggles both of her legs to the side inside her apricot colored gala dress too. “You are to ride side saddle.”
I turn and frown at her. “You told me no saddle is allowed.”
She fluffs her long dress over the side of the unicorn’s stomach. “You are to ride with both of your legs to one side, preferably your left side, conforming to the rest of the fairy lady riders. Look on both sides of our rows!”
I turn and scan to the right. Since I am on the end, seeing the other dress hemlines hang on the left side of their individual unicorn and then lovely eye roll. I look down at the mane on Komilly and lift up from her bony spine back again, slowly descending down, curving the skirt on my dress to the left. Then my thickly padded fanny, inside the thickly padded dress, lands on top on her boney spine.
Komilly slightly shuffles side to side and shifts away from red unicorn with annoyance. I lean down and gently pet her green colored unicorn mane with a smile. “Good girl! Good girl!”
Each fairy continues to stand in a semi-crooked row and plays their flute, finding their unicorn. Or each fairy whistles out loud calling a ding-ding horse.
Each beastie appears and then slowly forms into three rows of solid chestnut red ding-ding horses with their tiny wings in front of the four straight rows of prancing colorful unicorns with their sparking single horns.
On top of my unicorn at the end of the line, I lean over her mane and pat her dark green tinted horn with a smile. “Good girl, Komilly!”
In the front of the rows of beasties, a short male stands on top of his ding-ding horse, saying with a smirk down into his lavender tinted gem stone. “I am Fairy Mentor Thurbet.”
I grin. “I didn’t know that Thurbet rode a beastie.”
“He rides a ding-ding horse like me.” Gable swings around with a smile to Persia, showing a tongue of mouth spit and a silly giggle.
I grin. “Thanks for that enlightenment or entertainment or entitlement or…” 
“Persia.” Her mom turns and frowns at the nose profile of her daughter.
I giggle at Gable. “What, Mom?” Gable swings back around with a smile and leans down, rubbing the mane on his ding-ding horse.
Still on top of the ding-ding horse, Thurbet continues to lecture down into his gem stone. “We will be spending hours…”
“…days and nights, too, ya’ll.” One of the fairies laughs into his gem stone.
Thurbet continues to stand on top of his ding-ding and says into his gem stone in front of the rows of beasties. “We will be spending hours of time on your beast. The beast is represented by either horse or unicorn for saving my windpipe. We will be walking through the steps of the parade from here towards the edge of the fairy fort…”
“That distance is marked at three long miles here in the hot sun, wearing our good clothes, dude.” Another fairy laughs into his gem stone.
Thurbet had heard the same words coming out from his gem stone. He nods with a smile down into his gem stone, “Yes, you are correct, my young fairy friend. The key to riding a beastie inside a tight pack like this is to watch the body language of the beastie. The beastie will speed up with the running pack. Or the beastie will canter at a steady pace. There is not anything you can do about it. So, let it go. Let it snow. Let it run free. We will start the beastie at a walking pace and then move up to a canter prance. The elegant canter is for the fairy queen…”
“Who cares?” Another fairy laughs into her gem stone.
“You should never touch the horse’s rump in front of you. And you should never touch the horse’s nose into the fanny on the beastie ahead of you either. This is the first exercise, watching for change in both prancing energy and body language or a swinging neck or a swishing tale…”
“It pookied in front of my beastie, Mentor Thurbet,” One of the fairies points down at the steaming colorful object on the ground with a sour frown into his gem stone.
Thurbet smiles into his gem stone. “This is a trust exercise.”
“I trust no one fairy or beast.” One of the fairies laughs into her gem stone.
Thurbet smiles. “No saddles or reins. That’s a no-no.”
One of the fairy laughs into his gem stone. “It’s mo-mo.”
“What’s mo-mo?” Another fairy says into her gem stone.
Thurbet says. “Mo-mo is a fairy charm settling a saddle from the beastie barn by a brownie, which is a no-no, also.”
“Mo-mo,” I whisper for my eardrums only. A small saddle appears under my wide dress.
Still on top of the bony back spine of the poor ding-ding horse, Thurbet smiles. “For the first hour, we will simply allow the beastie to see and smell each other…”
One of the fairies laughs into his gem stone. “I smell it too. It’s invisible to my eyeballs, not my nose holes.”
“You know the invisible ones are the most deadly.” A second fairy laughs into her gem stone.
“If you hear it, don’t fear it.” A third fairy laughs into his gem stone.
“If you don’t, find the toilet now.” A fourth fairy laughs into his gem stone.
I nod with a giggle at the silliness of the gem stone conversation too.
“Persia!” Her mother turns and frowns at the nose profile of her daughter.
I lean down and stroke the mane of Komilly with a giggle and a grin. “It’s funny.”
Another fairy laughs into his gem stone, “Yeah, I see it too. It’s glistening yellow hue in a short tower pile attracting a flock of black tinted houseflies. Yes, there are some fugly, ugly biggie flies in that flock. My mom could cook them suckers for the dinner meal tonight.”
On top of Komilly, I giggle with silliness and slap one of the annoying houseflies from my face with a sour frown. The flies buzz around the muzzle on each beastie with annoyance, making the ding-ding horses all sound with a ba-ba, like a tiny lamb.
I giggle at the cute sound as my face slams down into the mane of Komilly. Komilly slams her muzzle into the rump of the unicorn ahead of her.
And then a bad chain reaction occurs.
The other beasties leap in the air and kick out a pair of rear legs at each other. The rear line kicks at the unicorn line.
Komilly and some of her unicorn friends rear upright on the back legs and then land down on her front legs, running away from the semi-crooked ugly line. I scream out loud and slide off the slick back spine on Komilly along with some of the other fairies. I release out my magenta fairy wave and jump on top, panting with panic. I see my unicorn dash away from my person.
Still on top of the back spine of the poor ding-ding horse, Thurbet smiles into his gem stone, pointing at each runaway beastie. “Everyone, come back here and get back into the correct line formation. We are not running yet, only standing. Get back into line now!”
I stand on top of my gleaming fairy wave with a sour frown and wipe the dirty from my long fairy gala dress. Komilly has run into the thick green tinted forest with the other fleeing unicorns. I exhale with annoyance, “Ugh!”
“Call your unicorn to come back here, right now!” Thurbet continues to shout into his gem stone, standing on top of his ding-ding horse.
I spin around with a sour frown and shoot out my magenta fairy wave for one of the flutes on top of the door step again.
At 12:02 pm, I eye roll, hiss, and exhale, heading towards the open archway of the building. Then I growl, grunt, and exhale, moving away from my mom and the rest of the happy fairies. I inhale fresh air molecules and then sneer coming from the coronation parade practice which has finally ended for the day.
I rub my gem stone over my black dress removing the bold red dirt clumps. The tiny patches of dried mud and dirt are staying in the dang dress, until I graduate from Fairy Academy, next spring. I enter the building and slowly move down a crowded and heated, semi-dark hallway towards the banquet room with the other miffed and hunger fairies.
Daffodil had called for the lunch meal over her gem stone to all fairies.


12:12 p.m.
Banquet room setting
Lunchtime meal


Each wall still consists of the white plastic.
I enter the room and slide down at one of the patched-covered black tinted table with my parents and the annoying houseflies. They buzz around each covered dish. I gag and turn my distorted face coughing and clearing my throat.
The mom of Persia swats with her hand at the gang of flies away from the steaming lids of food. The flies leave buzzing around another food plate.
I return back and uncover my meal with the lid, quickly spooning up the food, swallowing it whole with chewing, before the flies return.
The rest of my table consist my friend Yachel and her parents, my foe Apella and her parents, and my boyfriend Britton and his parents.
On top of the elevated stage platform, Daffodil in yellow raises her arms in the air with a smile and speaks into her matching gem stone for all eardrums. “Welcome, fairies to the lunchtime meal. I am filled with both pride and pleasure. The Prince and Princess Fairy Academy has arranged a set of numerous fairy fun teen activities for this afternoon. We do not want any parent or teen bored to death, ya’ll.” She releases out her bright yellow tinted fairy wave, bombarding a naked wall. Three of the white walls morph into a colored scene. One of the side walls is still white colored. The ceiling and the floor material are still white colored.
Daffodil grins. “You see only three walls have changed. You see a sky view from the campus grounds surrounding the school building, except the northern grounds are blocked off. The beasties are corralled inside the north pasture…”
One of the fairies laughs into her gem stone. “Dirt with smelly pookie and nasty flies. Call up the fairy queen and make her issue one of her powerful fairy charm.” The other fairies laugh.
I burp up my food with a giggle.
“Persia!” The mom of Persia turns and frowns at the nose profile of her daughter.
“Sorry.” I spoon my food with a giggle again.
Daffodil points the three walls with a grin. “The fairy staff members and I have arranged for a series of races as our new entertainment module during the afternoon, after practicing for the fairy queen coronation parade.” The other fairies cheer between the bites of food.
I turn and frown at the nose profile on my mother. “How long are ya’ll going to stay at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy, this week?”
“Shush, Persia!” The mom of Persia watches with a smile Daffodil on top of platform. I turn and dive into the food, chewing and listening with worry and annoyance.
Daffodil smiles, “Please, listen to my words, very closely. I am not repeating this information. First Class will not participate in the afternoon races, since each fairy is working on sculpturing their rock into a beautiful gem stone.” The young fairies of First Class sound with a series of boos and facial expressions of sour frowns.
Daffodil grins. “Second Class will not be participating in the afternoon races either. Since each fairy is constructing their individual gem shell inside the blacksmith shop. Once your gem stone shell has been construction, you are working with Mentor Thurbet to chip away the polished gem into a new creation.” The young fairies of Second Class produce a series of boos plus a set of facial expressions of sour frowns also.
I turn and frown to Yachel beside my elbow. “Why’s that? Why are the Second Class of airy mates chipping away their gem stones, like us, last year?”
Yachel chews and swallows the food, looking down at her empty place. “Don’t know. Don’t care.” She reaches over and steals the bread from Persia, eating the cold hard food item.
Daffodil says. “Therefore, only the Third, Fourth, and Fifth Classes will be participating in the fun races, every afternoon.”
I turn and scan the room with a sour frown. Every fairy face is watching Daffodil. “This thing doesn’t sound like fun to me or for me or from me or…”
The mom of Persia leans over with a sour frown and a whisper to her daughter. “Did you say something, Persia?” I shake my curls and chew on the food.
Daffodil says. “Each colored wall is purposefully dressed, showing the fun fairy races for the afternoon. Inside the music room, which is located on the southern wall, there will be numerous musical blowouts, using band instruments with a pair of pouted lips.” She giggles. “The western wall behind my collar bone represents a coach race over the grove of tall and lush green tinted shade trees. The duchess horse race in the blue sky will start on the southern side of the building. The selection of the duchess horse is presented by the gray boxes located over your hair roots and above the ceiling. Now, I said that both the adults and teens will be participating in the fun races…”
“I ain’t racing against my parents.” One of the student fairies laughs into his gem stone.
Daffodil says. “Each nicely decorated wall shows a familiar colored scene, for example, a grove of tall, green trees for each coach race. Black musical notes show off the music room. And a clear blue sky is the background for each duchess horse race. You can see in the middle of the design on each white surface. There is a single column of gray boxes.”
“I got my gray box already. Thanks ya, kindly!” One of the fairies laughs into her gem stone.
Daffodil says. “There are nineteen fairies in Third Class. There are twelve fairies in Fourth Class. And there are eleven fairies in Fifth Class. And all are participating in the fun fairy races.”
Apella turns and frowns at the side wall. “There’re only seven boxes on the duchess race on the wall.”
Daffodil grins. “Very good, fairy Apella! There are only seven boxes on each wall in a column. That means, there are only a total of twenty-one gray colored boxes, coming from the combined fairies from the Third, Fourth, and Fifth Classes. So, the selection process will be both part good luck and part great skill. Or it is part bad luck and part lousy aim.”
I lean with a grin into the cheekbone on Yachel. “That’s half of our Second Class hairy, fairies. We don’t gotta do this silly thing.” I fist bump with her and then sip my drink, swatting at the swarm of nasty houseflies. Some of the teen fairies mumble and stand.
Daffodil motions with a smile. “Please sit down, teen fairies.” The teen fairies sit. She says. “I must explain the single rule. I mentioned before that both the parents and the teens are participating in the afternoon fun fairy races. One of your parents will aim and shoot their gem stone wave at one of the many gray boxes, surrounding the walls for your individual participation in the fun fairy races.” The adult fairies mumble. Some of the fairies stand.
One of the adult fairies stands with a smile and a nod. “I’m ready.”
Daffodil smiles, “I will repeat for all eardrums. The music room will host the band instrument blowout. The western side of the building will host the coach races. And the southern side of the building is for the duchess races.” She moves off the platform, getting away from the dressed wall, hiding safely underneath the closest wooden table and says into her gem stone. “Go!”
The mom of Persia stands upright from her chair and shoots out her apricot wave at the side wall with a smirk. I gasp in alarm and slam her arm down towards the floor with a sneer. “Don’t, Mom! I don’t wanna play these silly fairy games today. I wanna the afternoon day off, having fun and doing nothing. I wanna entertain with my friends like Britton and Yachel and...”
The mom of Persia stares at the wall with a smile. “Duck down, if you don’t wanna get hit by a flying ray.”
I gasp in alarm and feel the burn from a roaming fairy ray, dropping my body down underneath our eating table with my friend Yachel and Yachel’s parents.
Each soaring fairy wave hits the wall for the limited number of gray boxes. A set of pretty fairy waves continue to duel once again for a single box with two or more piles of flying fiery sparkles. The dominate ray wins claiming the gray box, shining with their particular gem stone color. Then the sizzling sounds of the waves stop, after each gray box is filled and glowing in a different pretty color.
The mom of Persia nods with a grin underneath the eating table. “Stand up, Persia! I got you in the fairy race, honey. You received one of the seven positions inside the coach racing, Persia,” she struggles to stand from the floor and parks in front of the table, pointing at her fairy hue. “Do you see over there? My apricot wave glows inside the first box. I can shoot my fairy wave at anything, at anytime, at any…”
“Yeah,” I frown with annoyance and stand in front of the table, frowning at her shimmery apricot inside the first box of the coach race. “Thanks, Mom.” I whisper for my eardrums only, “Not.” I turn and frown to Yachel.
Yachel slowly stands beside Persia and reaches down, chewing on the bread. I shake my curls in silence and swat away each one of the brave houseflies from my distorted face, sitting back down on top of the chair with my parents, my friend Yachel, and her parents.
Daffodil crawls out from underneath the table and the slowly stands with a grin, pointing to each wall. “The gray boxes all shimmer in pretty colors which are one hundred percent full on every wall. That was the fun part. Now, comes the easy part. Each box shines with a pretty color. The new rule, if your parent has been success in getting you into a box, then you will be participating in the fun fairy race. However, if you parent was unsuccessful in acquiring a pretty colored box for you, don’t sweat pixie dust. The winning fairy parent gets to select another teen fairy opponent for their son or daughter in the fairy race.” The fairies gasp in alarm.
I gasp in alarm and slam my hand on the table, missing the sitting fly, turning to see the nose profile on my mother. The mom of Persia nods with a giggle and watches Daffodil.
I turn and frown towards Yachel. Yachel swallows the food and scan each wall for the gem stone colors from one of her parents. However, they did not participate in the silly afternoon race. Some of the fairies sound with a series of cheers and claps. Some of the fairies sound with a series of grumbles and frowns.
Daffodil back steps and stands on top of the elevated platform, raising her arms in the air with a smile, saying into her gem stone for all eardrums. “I will be very logical here, fairies. The winning fairy gets to choose from all the other teen fairies, who are not exhibiting a glowing gem stone color by a fairy parent. I will consult with my gem stone first. I was recording the event during the ray race.” She giggles. “You are welcome to look down into your gem stone too and verify my findings. I will announce one firing ray from the corresponding fairy parent, one at a time. I will start with the first firing ray that penetrated the wall on the first gray box and then second firing wave for the second gray box and then etcetera. Do all the fairies understand my logic?
“Good! I see lots of head nods and numerous faces of bright smiles. And I can see each sequential gray box is not necessary associated with one fairy race course. That doesn’t matter here now. The gem stone does not lie. The first fairy parent to slap a gem stone wave first into a gray box is the mom of Persia. Please, sit and bow, Persia’s mama.”
The other fairies sound with a series of cheers and claps.
I drop my chin and cover my face with embarrassment, shaking my curls as the first dumb fairy in the dumb fairy race. And I am being humiliated by my parents at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy on the first day of school at sixteen years old. I wanna go back home and start this day all over again.
Yachel reaches over with a laugh and slaps Persia on the naked forearm with a nod.
The mom of Persia slowly stands and waves both her arms in the air with a smile and a nod in silence to Daffodil.
Daffodil grins, “Before we start attacking the opponents within each fairy course, I must present the next rule.”
“Tell us all the rules first, fairy mentor!” One fairy frowns into her gem stone.
Daffodil giggles. “And what fun would that be, fairy? After each fairy race, the loser of the race gets to clean up the numerous colored pookie piles, each afternoon, after the dinnertime meal inside the northern pasture that hold each winged and non-winged beastie…” Some of fairies stand and sound with a series of cheers and claps. Some of the fairies sit and sound with a series of boos and hisses.
I gasp in alarm and whisper for my eardrums only. “I don’t wanna clean the pookie piles.”
Persia’s mother leans down with a sneer over the black stoned tiara on her daughter. “I will not clean up one single pile, Persia. You will win your competition bout. Do you understand, fairy?”
I grit my teeth. “Yes ma’am.” I scan each teen. I can do that. I think. I’m pretty good with my fairy skills, maybe a little about average. I guess. Anyways, cleaning up pookie piles ain’t that bad. I can think of worse chores like cleaning up the boys’ toilets. I slap a hand over my giggles, hearing my mom growl again.
Daffodil circles her bright yellow ray around the apricot colored box with a smile and a nod to each fairy adult, “The mother of fairy teen Persia, who should be the opponent of your daughter fairy Persia in the coach race?”
The mom of Persia points with a smirk and a chuckle to the teen fairy at her eating table. “Teen Yachel will compete with my daughter Persia in the coach racing.”
I gasp in alarm and turn with a sour frown to see the nose profile on my mother, “Naw!”
“Yeah!” The mom of Persia stares with a smirk at Yachel.
I shake my curls with a sneer at her nose profile, “Nope!”
“Yes!” The mom of Persia points with a smirk to Yachel.
I stand and sneer into her nose profile. “No, Mother!”
On top of the elevated platform, Daffodil grins with a nod. “The race opponent of teen Yachel has accepted the race with fairy Persia.” The mom of Persia claps with a smirk, sitting and bumping heads with her husband.
I sit down and lean over with a sad face and a whisper into the cheekbone on Yachel. “I don’t wanna compete with you and I don’t wanna clean up the pookie either.”
“Ditto, twice!” Yachel turns and frowns to her parents.
“What do we do?” I look down with a whisper at my hands.
Daffodil reads from her gem stone. “The second firing ray belongs to Apella’s dad in the duchess horse race.”
Apella’s dad stands with a clap and a smile to Daffodil. “My daughter fairy princess Apella will race inside the duchess race with teen Zann.” Some of the fairies gasp in shock. Some of the fairies sound with a series of cheers and claps.
Zann gasps in shock and leans over with a worried brow into her boyfriend Molfalso. Molfalso tries to stand and growls at Apella. Zann cuddles him, shaking her curls.
Daffodil grins. “The race opponent is teen Zann to compete in the duchess horse race with fairy princess Apella.” Some of the fairies sound with a series of cheers and claps. Some of the fairies sound with a series of boos and hisses.
I lean with a whisper and a stern face to Yachel. “We quit.”
Yachel whispers to Persia. “We can’t. Then we sentence both families and us to clean the dookie piles of the beasties tonight.”
I look down with a worried brow to see my platform shoes. “Right! Yeah! Right! O bad of me! Know that!”
Daffodil smiles. “The third firing ray belongs to Gable’s mom in the coach flying race.” The fairies sound with a series of boos and cheers.
Gable’s mom stands from her chair with a smile and a nod, saying into her gem stone. “Teen Molfalso will compete with my son fairy prince Gable.”
Yachel grins with a whisper to Persia. “I think I can beat you, too.”
I grin with a whisper to Yachel. “Yeah, you can beat me, too.”
Yachel whispers. “I can fail.”
I whisper. “I will fail.”
Daffodil reads from her gem stone. “The fourth firing ray belongs to…”
I turn and scan the room for each teen. “I don’t think any of us teens are happy about the fun fairy afternoon races.”
Yachel turns with a sour frown and scans the room too. “Yeah. I can feel their emotions and see some of their unemotional faces. Apella is happy. She always wins her race.”
Daffodil reads her gem stone, calling off the next firing ray sequence. “The thirteen firing ray belongs to…”
I turn with a giggle to see Zann. “Apella thinks she wins her races. She has challenged Zann. Zann is a very good fairy.”
Yachel giggles. “A flaky fairy, you mean?”
I grin. “Naw, my fun girl fairy! Zann might look sweet and innocent, but she ain’t sweet and innocent. She’ll do anything that Molfalso tells her to do. And Molfalso is whispering down into her eardrum, right now. And it ain’t the words: Do you love me, sugar?”
Yachel gasps and swings to Zann and Molfalso with a smile. “Well, I guess I would do anything that Molfalso wanted me too, too.” She and I lean over and bump heads with a giggle and a grin.
Daffodil reads from her gem stone. “The nineteen firing ray belongs to…”
Yachel looks down with a confused brow to see the floor. “Why are we doing this silly stuff? Why aren’t we practicing wave surfs and fairy charms, doing more advanced stuff this year, instead of rehearsing for the fairy queen thingy?”
“Don’t know.” I look up with a blank face to see Daffodil. Some of the fairies stand and sound with a series of cheers and claps. I look up to the ceiling and slowly stand upright from my chair with a soft clap and a sour frown of annoyance, looking at Daffodil.
Daffodil raises both her arms in the air with a smile and a nod. “We have assigned both the challenger and the opponent for each race. The race will run in pairs of challenger and opponent based on the firing sequence of the gem stone race. For example, in the first fairy coach race, fairy princess Persia and teen Yachel will race first. Then, fairy prince Gable and fairy teen Molfalso will race second. Do you get it! Good! Please, stand up from your chair and walk to your fairy race.”
At 01:01 pm, I turn and watch the crowd of adults and teens exit the banquet room, rubbing my gem stone over my dress, changing into a pair of faded and ripped blue jeans, my peach colored tee shirt, and my unpolished pair of brown colored cowgirl boots. I back step from my table with a stern face and slowly spin around, moving towards the open archway, exiting the banquet room with an upset stomach and worry of raw nerves.
The mom of Persia leaves her table, rushes through the crowd, and then moves beside her daughter, reaching over, hugging Persia. She pulls back with a smile and a nod. “Do a proud fairy performance for us, honey?”
Yachel exits the banquet room and moves down the same crowded hallway with her parents, rubbing her gem stone over her fairy dress into a white colored tee shirt, a pair of faded and ripped blue jeans, and a pair of polished red colored cowgirl boots. She leans over and whispers between them as they move towards the front porch.
Persia’s dad rushes through the heavy crowd and halts beside his daughter, hugging her body, pulling back with a smile and a nod. “You’ll win. Good luck, honey!”
I exhale with worry and angry, “Yeah.” I move ahead and separate from my parents, quickly dashing through the open archway, pulling up beside my friend Yachel.
Yachel and I move together towards the front of the building, without talking.


01:11 p.m.
Front porch
warm temperatures with bright sunlight


The other teen and adult fairies slowly march towards a designated race spot for the afternoon fairy activity.
Before the open archways, I lean over with a whisper and a smile into the eardrum on Yachel. “We sorta just pretend to compete with each other.”
“How?” Yachel views the hallway floor and steps over each rotten hole.
Yachel and I move outside leaping over the broken steps with a giggle and then stand in the middle of a huddle of teen and adult fairies.
Fairy Mentor Hamilcar stands in front of broken steps at the bottom the front porch, raising both of his arms without a smile, saying into his bracelet gem stone. “Stop! There are no bleachers here for sitting. Please stop and stand. Or stop and sit on the front porch between the potholes. Or stand inside the pothole. Or hover over the pothole.” He chuckles. “For the first coach race, there will be two separate coaches which are sitting flat over the dry ground behind me. The route of the race is the same as when the non-licensed fairy was vying for a fairy license. The coach will fly over the short green bushes with the gang of nasty biting black plant flies and then over the pretty field of flowers with the fluttering soft butterflies and then the tall wooden fences with the buzzing yellow and black bees. The last obstacle is the grove of tall healthy trees. You will skim the top of each tree flying and facing each other. Then, you will zoom paralleling each other and then race down the opposite slope of the tree branches. The winner will fly directly over my hair roots. Now, there will be two judges…”
“Why not three judges? Three is a tie-breaking number, not two.” One of the adult fairies says into his gem stone.
Hamilcar clears his throat and says into his gem stone. “The anonymous judges…”
Another fairy laughs into his gem stone. “They ain’t anonymous. They live inside and own their houses, which are near my farm.”
Hamilcar says into his gem stone. “The two anonymous judges will judge the end of the race based on a single digit score number. The minimum score is zero. The maximum score is four which states for forgetting and foregoing about cleaning up the pookie piles.” The fairies sound with a series of laughs and claps. Hamilcar says into his gem stone. “I would like for fairy princess Persia and teen Yachel to please come up and enter down their individual racing coach driver’s seat.”
I feel a set of strange naked hands shove my back spine forward as I slowly move towards one of the other beaten and battered fairy coaches. I stroll ahead and bump heads with Yachel with a whisper and a giggle. “Follow my exact lead with your coach and then do it!”
“Do what?” Yachel gasps in shock and parts from Persia with mystery, sliding down into the driver’s seat on her beaten and battered pumpkin-shaped fairy coach.
“Each racing coach is not dressed with a set of glass windows, metal doors, or even a glass rooftop like every licensed fairy remembered here at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy.” Hamilcar says into his gem stone. “Please, enter down your coaches.”
Beside my coach, I turn and wink to Yachel, sliding down into my driver’s seat.
Inside her coach, Yachel exhales with a puff of nervousness, facing the windowless front shield, lifting her palm gem stone into her face.
I lift up and rub my palm gem stone, releasing out my fairy wave. My magenta wave curls over my boot heels and then my body. I send the magenta wave curling around the coach. I rub my gem stone as my coach sails back and forth on top of the fairy wave. I growl down into my gem stone for drama and nervousness as the sound echoes into the other gem stones. The other fairies sound with a series of laughs and claps for the first coach fairy race.
Yachel rolls her fairy coach back and forth on top of her pale blue fairy wave with a giggle and a grin.
Hamilcar spins around and watches the two coaches, shouting into his gem stone. “Go!”
I rub my gem stone and lift my fairy wave up from the dry ground, tilting my coach at a forty-five degreed angle, soaring upwards into the blue sky.
Yachel copycats the exact flying movements of Persia’s coach too.
I guide the coach nicely over the two feet short plant shrubs while making the nasty plant flies mad and split the end of my fairy wave, forming my single fairy fingernail. I ride the smooth part of the flat magenta wave, carrying the frame of the light weight coach for the race. Then, I flick my fairy fingernail at a swarm of approaching plant flies from the coach’s windowless window. The nasty flies fling and fall in the direction of the audience of fairies on the front porch as the plant flies turn and attack the silly audience.
Some of the dumb fairies scream and flee from the new invasion on the front porch as the plant flies give chase too. Some of the smarter fairies mumble a protection shield over their body to watch the rest of the coach race.
Yachel copy cats Persia’s cool move with a giggle and a grin, forming her two fairy fingers and shoves a swarm of black plant flies at the rest of standing fairies on the front porch too. The rest of the dumb fairies scream and flee into the building as they are chases by the angry plant flies.
Inside my fairy coach, I soar over the field of colorful wildflowers with a smile and a giggle, disturbing the soft colorful butterflies. I ignore the fluttering butterflies, dropping my magenta fairy fingernail down into the lush deep flowers, gathering a batch of pretty loose petals and curl my wave around each flower stem. I retract back my fairy fingernail, resting the batch of flower petals in the passenger seat and giggle out loud, feeling the soft petal tickle my legs and my tummy.
Yachel copy cats Persia’s flying and flower maneuver with her two fairy fingers resting a batch of loose flower petals over her seat too.
I continue to soar up and over the tall wooden fences with yellow colored honeysuckles, dragging the rear of the coach over the overgrowth vines of the honeysuckles, capturing the greenery on the chipped and broken rear bumper on the coach. I lift the coach higher in the air dragging an array of fluttering vines behind my coach like an array of pretty banners, giggling with a grin.
Yachel performs the same flying motion and honeysuckle vine maneuver like Persia. The other fairies sound with a series of claps and cheers.
Hamilcar frowns into his gem stone. “This is very strange. Teen Yachel is plowing through the vines like fairy princess Persia. What are they doing up there during the first coach fairy race?”
One of the fairies laughs into the gem stone. “I know. I know. I can answer that stupid question. they are teenagers and they are having fun, unlike me down here in the heated sunlight.”
I sail up beside each tree branch carefully dragging my new greenery decoration, floating the coach upward towards the white clouds and the clear blue sky. Then I hit the top tree branch and level out my flying coach into a flat position, soaring over the top on each shade tree. The breeze is cool on my sweaty face. I wipe my hand over my jeans from nervous perspiration.
Hamilcar says into his gem stone. “The two coaches must zoom passed each other, accomplishing another leg of the coach flying race. The two are approaching at fairy flying speed over the tree tops. The next maneuver will show them passing and then the two coaches will speed down towards the finish line to determine the winner…”
Yachel flies the same pattern as Persia but comes from the opposite direction over the row of tree tops, seeing the other coach approach.
I watch our two coaches become closer in math distance.
On the dirt ground, in front of the front porch steps, Hamilcar narrates the race via his gem stone. “The two coaches come closer at twenty feet and then at ten feet and then at five feet.”
I write into my gem stone to Yachel only the capital letter of J and then retract my magenta fairy wave back into my gem stone as my flying coach falls down towards the tree tops. I lift up and plop my boot heels on top of the driver’s seat and bend my kneecaps, launching my folded body into the sky, going through the windowless rooftop with my fairy magic.
Yachel looks down to see her gem stone with a single capital letter of J from Persia and gasps in alarm retracting her pale blue fairy wave back from her coach and her body, like Persia. Her coach swiftly falls down to the trees like a block of gold, without her fairy power. Yachel leaps through the front wind shield in a horizontal motion, shooting out her pale blue fairy wave, attaching and capturing the falling coach from Persia, before it hits down and smashes the tree tops. Her pale blue fairy wave stops the coach in mid-air sorta as Yachel dives down over the engine hood through the front windowless wind shield, sliding down into the driver’s seat with a giggle, scattering the flower petals into the air. Some of the flower petals gather and form a cute halo over the rooftop of Yachel’s new coach which did belong to Persia.
Are you keeping up?
I somersault in the air twirling in the direction of Yachel’s falling coach. I release out my magenta fairy wave, curling it around her fairy coach. My magenta flat wave stops Yachel’s coach in mid-air too from falling down and smashing the top of the trees. I dive down through the open rooftop and land both of my boot heels on top the hard seat, panting with my fun. I slide down into the seat and scatter the flower petals in the air from Yachel.
Some of the flower petals float out and drift upward forming a pink aura around the rooftop on the Persia’s coach, which once had belonged to Yachel.
I jerk my naked arm out the window passing Yachel inside her new coach. Yachel jerks out her naked arm through her window with a giggle, passing right next to Persia.
Persia and Yachel both pass and then fist-bump with a set of giggles. The other fairies on top of the front porch bounce up and down with a series of cheers and claps.
I travel towards the end of the tree tops and turn the coach and then halt, facing the sloped tree lines, carefully watching Yachel.
Yachel flies her coach to the end of the tree tops, turns her coach and then halts, facing the down slope of the tree branches also. She turns and waves to Persia.
On the ground, Hamilcar smiles into his gem stone at the silence and still sight of the two golden shiny coaches in the blue sky, wearing a pink halo over each roof top. “Wow!”
I tap and say into my gem stone to Yachel only, “Flowers.” I rub my gem stone and advance my coach down the sloped tree line as my magenta fairy wave splits. My fingernail flings the pretty pink flowers out through each windowless window, the open rooftop, and all four windowless doors. I turn with a yell and a smile to see Yachel with my fairy eyeballs.
Yachel flies her coach with a yell and a smile pushing out the pink flower petals through the same windowless windows too as the array of honeysuckle vines drag behind in fine flaring greenery like a banner.
The two coaches fly down towards the dirt with an aura of pink tinted flower petals a few inches from the golden shell.
“Wow, again!” Hamilcar smiles into his gem stone. “Is that a beautiful moment of fairy magic? The two coaches are zooming down the sloped row of tree branches, moving nose-to-nose. I cannot distinguish a subtle hint of a winner. The pink flower petals are a nice touch of prettiness. The two teens are definitely having a lot of fun out there, fairies. The honeysuckle vines add to the lovely air acrobatic, dragging behind each coach like a long shredded banner. This is so magical. The two coaches are almost hitting the red clay dirt.”
I slow my fairy speed and come too close to the flat dirt, rubbing my gem stone, titling the coach upward at an angle.
Yachel darts her eyelashes and spies on Persia, seeing the tilting nose of the coach, copycatting the same slick flying maneuver.
“Both coaches are tilting upright in the air at the same time. Wow! This is a wonderful showmanship of fairy magic for a pair of young fairies. The coaches both do not slam down into the dirt but zoom over the flat ground towards me. Yeah, I am standing and walking in the middle of the finish line. And those two girls betta not touch my gem stone ray.” Hamilcar releases out his burnt orange wave. The circle of light holds over his skull extending into a solid fairy line. He raises the burnt orange wave two hundred feet above his hairy skull, marking the finish line.
I see the burnt orange wave form in a straight line and dart my eyelashes with a nod to Yachel, using my fairy eyeballs and my common sense. I can’t communicate to Yachel with my gem stone. Or the other fairies will hear, including my parents.
Yachel accelerates her coach with Persia.
We fly nose-to-nose towards the burnt orange fairy wave, wobbling with plenty of air and wind space above the rooftop on each coach. The burnt orange ray will measure and mark the winner of the coach flying race.
I keep the nose of my coach even with Yachel.
Inside the driver’s seat, Yachel bites her lips, keeping the nose of her coach even with Persia.
We fly each coach closer towards the finish line in solid burnt orange. The other fairies gasp in shock. We fly each coach within fifty feet. The other fairies gasp in alarm. We fly each coach within twenty feet. The other fairies gasp in shock. We pass each coach underneath the burnt orange fairy wave and maintain an even nose-to-nose position, slowing the fairy speed, turning our coach back through the sky.
We each land down on top of the ground as a set of dusty tornados kicks up the dirt. Each teen exits the coach and dashes ahead stopping beside Hamilcar with a giggle and a grin, bouncing up and down with excitement. We stare into the crowd of fairies that clap and cheer with delight.
Hamilcar looks down into his gem stone, “A tie! The first coach flying race is an exact tie. Both fairies won the first coach race competition.” He looks up and nods to each tiara with a smile, “Excellent job, fairies!” The other fairies bounce up and down with a series of cheers and claps.
Daffodil stands inside the open archway with a sour frown and advances ahead, elbowing her way through the heavy audience, down the dirt, and stands in front of Hamilcar with a lady sneer. “That’s impossible!”
Hamilcar looks down to see her tiara as he is the taller fairy and then growls at her. “I am exact with my race results. My gem stone wave is more accurate with my race results too. The nose tips of both coaches touched the air waves of my wave at the same time. It is a tie.”
Thurbet dashes through the archway, the audience and then stops, standing between a tall Hamilcar and a tall Daffodil. “It does not matter. We have a set of judges to give out a math score for each fairy in the race for this exact reason in case of a tie. Judges, what are your score, please?” He spins around with a nod to see each fairy judge.
Judge One stands upright from the broken step with a smile and a nod. “I am the judge for fairy princess Persia. She receives the number four for forgiving and foregoing picking up the pookie piles in the manicured lawn.”
“What manicured lawn?” One of the fairies laughs into her gem stone.
I slide closer and hug Yachel with a worried brow that she would be cleaning up pookie piles with her parents tonight, after the suppertime meal.
“Persia won. She’s my daughter.” The mom of Persia smiles and says into her gem stone.
A little fairy child moves ahead and then stops, presenting a bouquet of colorful wildflowers to Persia. I accept with a smile and a nod the flowers, cuddling them into my arm.
Judge Two stands upright from one of the broken step with a nod and a smile too. “I am the judge for fairy princess Yachel. She receives the number four for forgiving and foregoing picking up the pookie piles in the manicured lawn.” The fairies sound with a series of cheers and claps.
“What! What is the meaning of this? There cannot be a tie. There cannot be two winners.” The mom of Persia hisses into her gem stone.
On top of the dirt, I jump up and down with Yachel.
Daffodil frowns to the judge. “You cannot award them the same score, Judges One and Two.”
Judge One says with a smile and a nod to Persia and Yachel. “I can. I did. I will again. The ability to switch individual driver seats in a mid-air coach flight during a hot and heated coach race is a magnificent fairy move. I bow to both fairy teens.”
Judge Two smiles to Persia and Yachel. “Magnificent fairy magic and bravery, too, too. For the two fairy princesses, it was truly a dangerous stunt and successfully executed exhibition. Bravo! Bravo!”
The fairies cheer in unison. “Equal. Equal. Equal…”
Daffodil tosses her arms in the air with a sour frown, moving back towards the building through the crowd of fairies. “Very well! I am not one of the two judges here. Fairy princess Persia and teen Yachel both receive the same number score of four for forgetting and foregoing an assignment of cleaning up the pookie piles tonight, only. I hope your good luck lasts tomorrow. I guarantee a fairy family will be among the patties piles tomorrow evening.” The fairies sound with a series of boos and hisses.
I bounce up and down with happiness with Yachel. A second little fairy child moves ahead and then halts, presenting a different bouquet of flowers to Yachel.
Yachel accepts and waves her bouquet of flowers in the air with a smile and a nod of glee too.
I copycat Yachel’s movement, shaking the bouquet in the air. Some of the loose flowers fall over my tiara and my hair roots. I drop the bouquet down into my arms and jerk the flower stems apart, tossing the flowers into the air and slap the loose bouquet with my magenta wave. The flowers sail over the crowd of fairies. Some of the fairies grab at the flying flowers with the sound of chuckles and giggles.
Yachel separates from Persia and stroll towards her parents, handing the pretty bouquet of flowers to her mom. Yachel’s mom accepts the flowers and hugs her daughter as both parents hug Yachel with a smile and a nod, turning and moving back into the interior school building.
I giggle at the cute family moment and turn to a sour face of each parent. Persia’s parents struggle side to side through the crowd of happy fairies.
Hamilcar stands between the two coaches, using his burnt orange fairy ray to clean the flowers out of the seat, saying into his gem stone. “Fairies Gable and Molfalso, you are to report to me as the next race team. Please, come here and enter your individual coach. Other fairies, please. move away from the racing coaches. Brownies, please finish cleaning each coach. Everyone, please cooperate with my instructions…”
I quickly sidestep in the opposite direction from my parents, getting lost within the crowd as I do not desire a like a lecture of something bad. And I don’t feel like another hug of greatness.
My parents should have objected to these set of silly afternoon races like a good loving supportive parents of a proper teenager.
I swiftly shuffle through crowd of sparkling tiaras and polished boot heels with a giggle, sliding back inside the interior hallway at school building as my parents work a footpath to my last hot spot near the two coaches.
“Persia!” The mom of Persia waves her hand with a sour frown and says into her gem stone. “Persia, come back here!”
Inside the hallway, I drop my shoulders and race through the crowd of fairies with a whisper for my eardrums only. “I don’t wanna hear her lecture now.” I move through the archway and scoot down the single overcrowded hallway, bumping into the other fairies, getting far away from the parents and run to nowhere. “Where can I hide?” I stop and snap my fingers, turning the wall corner, dashing down an empty hallway with a giggle, “Yeah, fairy!”


02:02 p.m.
Fairy Library
Bench reader chair and tray setting


I turn and stroll into an empty room, sliding into one of the reader-benches, tapping the floor. The reader-bench falls down to the floor like a bed mattress. I close my eyelashes, arching my arms behind a skull, exhaling with a puff of happiness and a grin, after tying with Yachel in the first afternoon silly fairy race.
The she-ghost appears and drifts from the side wall, floating in the air and stops next to the reader-bench. “Why is she here?”
The he-ghost appears and drifts from the same wall, floating in the air and stops on the other side of the reader-bench. “Why are you here?”
I exhale with a puff of happiness with my closed eyelashes with a giggle and a grin, “Getting away from it all!”
The he-ghost frowns, “What or who are you getting it away from?”
I giggle. “The teens, the parents, the boyfriend, the musicians, the unicorns, the colorful pookie piles, the fairies, the mentors, the ding-ding horses, the hot sun, the blue sky, the white clouds, the wind breeze. Did I leave anyone out? O! And the annoying flies…”
The she-ghost says. “She is not like the others.”
“She is real.” The he-ghost says.
I smile. “I am listening too.”
“The others are fake.” The she-ghost says.
“The others are different.” The he-ghost says.
“I am here too.” I rest a long body over the hard reader-bench with closed eyelashes.
The she-ghost says. “We do not belong here, but we are here.”
I open my eyelashes, staring up at the ceiling with a confused brow. “We do not belong here, but we are here. What...what does that mean? I don’t understand your riddle, human ghost.” I turn and view his nose profile that glows in translucent white. “Then, you and you go and stay away from here. Quit haunting the fairies, including me ...”
He laughs. “I want to go. I really do. Except, I am trapped, here, forever...”
“Fine!” I stare at his ghostly human face without a fairy halo like a fairy with a laugh. “If you tell me the secret of making you go away from the school forever, then I’ll do everything in my fairy power to make it happen, sir.”
He gasps in shock and narrows his ghostly eyebrows at Persia. “I do not believe you.”
I exhale with annoyance. “Look! I promise. Can you depart from here, really?”
He studies Persia. “Yes, I can depart from here. However, I do not possess the ability. But you as a fairy do.”
I grin. “Really?” It would be nice not to be invaded by a gang of ghosts during my Fifth Class. And if I can help the poor glowing creatures leave the school and the planet.
He says, “Really!”
I grin. “All right! Come or go and show me! I promise to help both of you to escape the rotten wooden walls of the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy.”
He waves a pair of two glowing white hands sideways. A set of black words within long black colored sentences and numerous colored photographs appear on top of all three reader-tables. Then he swishes his single hand which shows only one black and white photograph.
“Hey!” I slide from the reader-bench and stands, tossing both of my arms in the air. “I gotta go in a minute or two or three. Put it all back into the filing cabinets walls or drawers or sheets now. Or I’ll get into trouble now.” I look down and frown at the photograph, gasping with shock.
Captain Robert floats around the row of reader-tables, pointing at the single picture with a stern face. “The spirits are caged against the wall, staring at you. You must understand the story before fixing the problem of my haunting here at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy.”
I study the horrible photograph, slowly nodding with a touch of fear. “Okay...”
He moves and floats beside Persia with a stern face. “This is only half of the story.”
I gasp. “What is the other half of fairy tale?”
The mom of Persia says into the gem stone, which echoes into her daughter’s gem stone. “Persia, it is time for the lunch meal. Where are you?”
I exhale with annoyance and swiftly swing around to face the archway, raising an arm with a yell and a sour frown at the two ghosts. “I’ll be back tomorrow for the other half of the fairy tale. Bye, ya’ll!”
2nd day Fairy Academy


08:08 am
Hallway setting
Warm temperatures with bright sunlight


I wear my jeans and boots, stomping an off-key harmony with my footsteps from my private bedroom.
The other fairies are inside the banquet room, sitting with their parents and friends. I am not there yet. Hopefully, something will happen along the way like getting lost inside my familiar four-story school of four years. I giggle with amusement. I have been attending the Fairy Academy for four years from the age of thirteen years old.


08:11 a.m.
Banquet room setting
Breakfast meal


I slowly move into the banquet room, sliding underneath one of the ugly patched tablecloths, which is not pretty. The utensils are missing three out of four prongs, which is not good. I sit with my parents, Yachel, Yachel’s parents, and Apella’s parents, which is not fun either. I turn and view my boyfriend across the room, which is fun.
Britton sits with his parents, teen fairy Gable, Gable’s fairy family, teen fairy Molfalso, and Molfalso’s fairy family. They eat at the same ugly patched table cloth, sitting across the room at the fairy boy table. House Mistress Daffodil will not allow the girls to mangle with the boys, even with the parents present.
So far, this year, my Second Class is turning into a totally f-bomb of my love life. I can’t sneak up into the watcher station meeting and kissing on Britton, since my parents occupy the sleeping room across from my bedroom for annoyance. I am totally spied on all day and night with my frustration and their enjoyment. I see my parents at breakfast time, at parade practice, at lunchtime, at snack time, and finally at suppertime, but not a midnight time. I am sleeping at midnight.
I slide down into an empty chair, tearing the bread and eat, nodding with my mouth full to my mom.
The mom of Persia swishes her hand over both her plate and Persia’s plate with a sour frown. “You’re late, Persia. I’ll been fighting with the flies over your food.”
I gag and almost vomit over the food but hold it inside my mouth. The flies buzz around the space between the bread and the air. I swallow the food and then shove the plate with my upset stomach. “Thanks.” Individual hands wave side to side not to a friend, but the flies.
Apella’s mom chews and swallows, saying with a sour frown at the buzzing flies. “Where did they come from?”
“The ding-ding horses and the unicorns were corralled along the grounds, stomping down the tall weeds last night. They left their creative carding calls over the weeds and dirt.” Yachel’s dad chews his food with a grin.
Yachel chews and swallows the food with a laugh, “Yeah, and the beasties interacted having a good old time fu…”
“Yachel!” Yachel’s mom frowns.
Yachel giggles. “They had a good time funning and running around the corral, last night. The pookie dookie from each beastie is a different colored also. I didn’t know that. The great big brute of a draft horse produces a big pile of gleaming green sh…”
“Yachel!” Her mom frowns again.
“They are big green colored shoved pookie dots out their wiggling tails. The duchess horses are pink colored tiny balls of poo. The ding-ding horses are yellow. And the unicorns are baby blue.”
I tap on my repaired glass of cold milk with a giggle and a grin. “I didn’t know either. I’m never seen baby blue sh…”
The mom of Persia turns and frowns at the nose profile of her daughter. “Persia!”
“Baby blue colors shoved pookie out from a wigging tail of a beastie either.” I have some fun with my parents, swatting the nasty flies from my milk. Yachel reaches and steals Persia’s bread, as usual, eating with a grin.
Yachel’s mom watches the single fly with a confused brow. “These particular flies are very large, larger than the horse flies, buzzing around our barns. Do you agree, darling?” She turns and views her husband. He chews with a nod in silence.
The mom of Persia watches the flies with a sour frown. “I thought house flies lived inside houses.”
Yachel’s mom says. “They live outside and come into the house, hunting for food like these flies.”
“The flies are big and colored in pink, yellow, blue, and green. I don’t think that I have ever seen a colored house fly.” Apella’s mom watches the flies with a sour frown.
“We don’t have house flies, Mom.” Apella turns and frowns at the nose profile on her mom.
Yachel giggles. “They come from the colored pookie piles of the corralled beasts. A fairy fly is asexual, having a good time fu…”
Yachel’s dad frowns. “Yachel!”
Yachel giggles. “A good time funning around with itself inside the colored pookie and then the fly gives birth to baby colored flies.”
Apella’s mom watches the flies with a sour frown. “O dear, this is an invasion here at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy. Call Daffodil to exterminate them, immediately, honey!”
“Where are the baby colored flies?” Apella scans the room and chews her food.
Yachel says. “Well, the fairy fly is unique. It eats its young for nourishment and growth…”
Apella’s mom frowns. “Goodness! These flies are very large. So, they ate their young, this morning.”
“Since the first of the year based on their flying speed and rounded girth size.” Yachel’s dad watches the flies with a laugh. The big colorful flies leave the table to go and bother another group of fairy families.
Daffodil stands on top of the elevated platform, raising both of her arms in the air, saying with a smile into her gem stone. “We have broken the bread. Let us rejoice in good cheer and peace with our fellow…” The colored flies attack her arms and hit her face. She gags and swats the flies, saying with a sour frown. “Our fellow fairies are at peace…” The flies attack her face again. She spits out her tongue salvia in the air, whipping out her gem stone downward, and targets the single fly, firing her ray.
Her bright yellow gem stone fairy wave misses the flies, hitting the first table. The first table of fairies dives down over the floor for breathing life. The flies attack Daffodil’s face again.
I giggle with the teen silly fairies but not the serious adults.
Daffodil smiles down at the gang of fallen fairies that are not injured from the firing ray, “I am so sorry.” She swats the flies and growls into her gem stone. “Leave for your parade practice.  First Class, go to your shaper room. Second Class, stay here and work on your gem stone. Brownies, get me a fly swatter now.”
I stand with a giggle and swing to face the archway, leaving Daffodil and all her attacking flies.
At 08:45 am, I slowly move towards the archway, turning and marching down the correct semi-dark hallway, grabbing one of the nasty flutes from a tall stack of silver band instruments. I rub it with my gem stone and my sneer, “Nasty. Dirty. Unsandy thingy…”


08:49 am
Exterior Fairy building
West side of unicorns
Campus ground setting
Warm temperatures and partly sunny


I move outside with the crowd of fairies without waiting for my mom and stand in the semi-crooked line again. I toss the flute into the air and blow my breath to the instrument. The flute automatically plays the musical song for Komilly. I cough and gag, covering my nose holes, scanning the dirt of potholes and colorful patties.
The ding-ding horses had been corralled here and stood in the weeds last night. There are hundreds of colored horse dookie droppings all over the stomped weeds, entertaining millions of nasty flies.
Okay. I lie. There are millions of colored beastie dookie droppings with billions of nasty flies.
The mom of Persia exits the building and then stops, squeezing between her daughter and another rude fairy, scanning the ugly field too. “Goodness! This is not sanitary.”
I hold my nose holes, looking for my unicorn.
Thurbet stands on top of his ding-ding horse, saying into his ring gem stone. “We will prance over to the western side of the building, this morning.” Then he falls onto the boney spine, kicking the horse and gallops around the side of the building.
One of the fairies says into her gem stone. “Let us all go towards the front of the building.”
A second fairy shouts into his gem stone. “The walkers are in front of the building.”
“The losers are there, walking.” A third fairy laughs into her gem stone.
A fourth fairy says into her gem stone. “Not nice, fairy!”
“Another loser on top of a ding-ding pony comments.” A fifth fairy laughs into his gem stone along with some of the other fairies.
I giggle at the comments coming from my palm gem stone, seeing Komilly. Komilly shakes her mane, galloping down the hillside with the other unicorns. I trot side to side around the colorful beastie piles and the elbowing fairies and stand in front of Komilly, tossing a short magenta fairy wave. I jump on top of my wave and slide over her boney spine with a grunt of pain on my boney tailbone.
One of the fairies raises both of his arm on top of his unicorn, laughing into his gem stone. “Charge something! Spear the enemy! Go! Come on, ya’ll! Run! Flee! Pursue!” His blue unicorn gallops forward within a pack of unicorns. And then all the other unicorns follow the blue unicorn.
I reach for the mane of Komilly with both my hands too late. Komilly neighs and lowers her skull, galloping at a full run for her fun and my annoyance. I fall backward off her boney spine with a gasp, flying completely off her boney spine and hover in the air for .0001 seconds. I toss out my magenta wave from my gem stone.
The wave is my alley and my friend.
I jump in the air and land in a horizontal pose, really ugly, with a thud over the wave, soiling the front of my thick fairy dress and not really injured or hurt, but very annoyed. I exhale. “Dang.”
The mom of Persia slowly trots by the magenta wave. Komilly runs ahead, having fun with the other galloping unicorns. She frowns with confusion. “Get up, Persia! The herd and Komilly are both leaving you,” she prances away from Persia to the end of the herd.
I exhale with a puff of frustration, struggling from the ground in my fluffy dress and frown, standing upright on top of my stationary wave and whisper for my eardrums only and not into my gem stone. “Please, leave me. Please, go without me. Please, somebody help me.” I retract my wave, jumping off and slowly walk around the colorful patties, swishing away the colorful flies. I giggle with silliness.
At 09:55 am, I spin around and exit the dirty ground, stomping up each broken step, entering inside an empty dark hallway. I feel angry and wipe the dirt and grass from my fancy dress, whispering for my eardrums only. “I don’t wanna be in the fairy queen coronation thing.”
The other fairies scoot and chuckle around Persia with fun of the exciting rides.
I slowly move among the other happy fairies without seeing my fellow fairies from Second Class.
At 10:01 am, I slowly exhale with a puff of frustration, moving down the quiet and empty hallway, rubbing my sore arms and stroll into the fairy library.
Captain Robert floats near the side wall with a smile and a nod to Persia. “You came back, fairy Persia.”
I slide down into on top of the reader-bench with a fake smile. “I promised that I would come back into the fairy library today. I always keep my promises as a good fairy. So, what’s the other half of the fairy tale?” I tap my gem stone on the side of the reader-bench, leaning the back rest over the floor, viewing a ceiling of white.
He says. “The fairies of Fairyland long ago lived in enclosed caves like in cave men and women…”
I stare at the blank ceiling. “Where’s the visual stuff like photographs or pictures or words or sentences, usually showing on the white ceiling for an oral presentation?”
“I will not present those item today. I narrate with my vocal words our fairy tale.”
“Okay.” I stare at the blank ceiling, resting inside the hard reader-bench and close my eyelashes, resting up for the next non-fun fairy race, this afternoon, after the lunch meal.
  “We wrecked the sea ship along the pile of tall jagged rocks, while we were exploring the new lands...
I open my eyelashes and wrinkle my eyebrows, “What new lands?”
“We came from the time period of 1604…”
I stare at the blank ceiling. “That date is the same date the fairy school building was erected in the year 1604.”
“In the year 1604, we sailed across the deep blue ocean waters, landing here within mysterious Fairyland, an island. Most of my sailing crew drowned from the wicked waves which are called tidal bores.”
I frown at the blank ceiling but listen. “What is a tidal bore?”
“A tidal bore is a large surge component of a tidal wave. When the sand blocks the flow of ocean water, it becomes a tidal bore. These tidal bores come and arrive every night fall, flooding the land.”
“O bad on me! That’s the reason for the nightly flooding. I wondered why the fairy mentors haven’t told the fairy tale on the fairy tidies.”
He says. “We were shipwrecked. Our sailing ships were beyond our and any handmade repair. We ventured over the shoreline, walking for days and camping at nights. Then, we came across the colony of fairies. The fairies were barely above primitive species at best. There were no tools unless you count the bones of animals as one unit. We built the fairies a wooden house…”
“You are very nice and fairies are very nice folks too.”
“They were not nice to us.” He sneers.
I frown at the white ceiling. “Why not?”
He says. “We used nails to put together the wooden planks for the walls, floor, ceiling, stairs. Nails come from steel. Steel comes from iron ore…”
I gasp in alarm and sit upright with a worried brow, staring at the far blank white wall. “Iron is poison to fairies.”
He says. “Correct, fairy Persia! So, I pose for you to ponder one question.” I turn and nod to the he-ghost. He says. “Why are all the tables, chairs, dishes, linens, pots, pans, glasses, teacups, walls, floor, and ceiling made of rotten wood or broken items?”
I gasp and giggle. “I don’t know. I’ll been pondering that question since my first year here as a First Class fairy girl.”
He drifts back into the wall with a smile. “Good! Sleep with that information tonight. I will reveal the answer, to you, tomorrow.” He disappears into the wall.
I stand and shake my curls. “Naw! Do it now! No! Tell me now! Please, pretty please.” I toss both my arms in defeat with a whisper for my eardrums only. “How does he know that?” I exhale with annoyance and spin around and gasp.
Britton smiles and stands inside the open archway, strolling into the room and scans each white wall that show nothing. “Why are you hiding in here, honey?”
I look down and rub my dirty jeans with both of my sweaty hands. “Day dreaming…” I look up with a silly smile.
He stops in front of Persia and leans down, kissing her lips, pulling back with a smile. “What are you daydreaming about, honey?”
I fake a smile. “No parade route. No unicorns. No plate of cake.”
He cuddles Persia and spins them to face the archway, wearing with a smile. “It’s the fairy queen.”
“FFCCPP,” I grin. Britton and I move out the archway into the dark hallway.
He frowns. “What!”
I giggle. “Guess?”
He shakes a skull. “Naw, I’m too tired from marching to guess.”
“Guess?”
“Naw, I’m too hungry for lunch to guess.”
“Guess?”
“Naw, tell me!”
I giggle, “And you should guess, before I tell you.”
He exhales. “You’re so befuddling, Persia.”
I grin. “Yes, I’m a free spirit, sometimes.”
He turns and winks to Persia. “Yes, you are. And I love you for it.”
I bump into his shoulder with a grin. “I love you, too. So guess?”
He stops and kisses Persia, pulling back with a smile. “We gotta go to lunch now.” She exhales with a nod in silence. They move ahead and enter the banquet room, splitting apart, moving to the separate tables with our parents.


12:04 p.m.
Banquet room setting
Lunchtime meal


I slide down into the same chair with the same old patched tablecloth, holding the same old set of parents with Yachel and her parents. 
Daffodil stands top of the same elevated platform, swishing the colored flies from her face, saying with a smile into her gem stone. “Good afternoon, fairies! Welcome to the lunch meal.” She swishes the flies with her hand and not her ray. “Good news. We have three more fun fairy events for the afternoon. Bad news. The flies are reproducing.” The fairies laugh.
She releases her bright yellow wave, slamming into the two walls and the ceiling, saying into her gem stone. “Our fun fairy event, this afternoon, consists of the following three races. There will be a unicorn race in rear of the school building on the western campus. You make choose your unicorn by selecting a gray box on top of the ceiling. A ding-ding horse race on the red dirt grounds in front of the building. Please select a gray box along the northern wall. And, finally, there will be a surfing wave race shown along the southern camp grounds and displayed among the gray boxes on the same geographical wall. I don’t need to repeat the selection process instructions. Go!” She ducks down over the platform with a loud grunt.
Numerous colored gem stone rays attack the walls and the ceiling, filling very quickly with glowing pretty colors. 
At my eating table, I gasp in alarm and turn with a sneer to see the nose profile on my mother. “Why did you pick out that surfing wave thing for me, Mother?” The mom of Persia sits in her chair with a grin and removes her patched linen napkin, lifting the damaged utensils, consuming her food plate.
On top of the elevated platform, Daffodil slowly stands with a grin at the glowing plastic walls. “The colored flames are flying swiftly today. I do believe that some of the adults have been practicing their firing rays,” she looks down with a smile to read her gem stone. “I see. The first gray box tapped for the surfing wave was a dark purple wave from Gable’s dad. Who will fairy prince Gable compete with in the surfing race, sir?”
At the front eating table, Gable’s dad stands, not very tall, and wears a smile to Daffodil. “My son fairy prince Gable will compete in the surfing wave race with teen Walcott and then he will win. We will not have to touch another pookie pail and pile tonight. Isn’t that correct, son?” He turns and smiles over the hair roots on Gable.
Gable stares with a nod at his hands in silence. Some of the fairies sound with a series of laughs and claps. Some of the fairies sound with a series of cheers and claps.
I continue to frown at my mother without eating my food.
The mom of Persia chews and swallows her food, staring at the nose profile of Yachel.
Daffodil grins. “The second gray box illuminated came from the surfing wave race belonging to the beige gem stone wave of Molfalso’s mom. Who will fairy prince Molfalso compete with for the surfing wave title, Molfalso’s mom?”
The mother of Molfalso is a tall and queen-sized fairy adult with a tone pale tinted skin, a head of black colored hair, and a pair of brown eyes. She stands with a nod and a smirk, slapping Molfalso on the collar bone. “Teen Eadric will compete and lose to my son, isn’t right, fairy prince Molfalso?”
Molfalso eye rolls and turns, giving a wink to Eadric. Eadric turns and smiles back to Molfalso.
The other fairies sound with a series of cheers and claps.
Daffodil grins. “I predict any excellent surfing race between the two talented teen fairies. Say that three times, ya’ll.” She looks down with a laugh to read her gem stone. “The third gray box was highlighted with an apricot wave, belonging to the mom of Persia. Now, between me and you, I do believe that I know which teen will compete with fairy princess Persia. The mom of Persia, please confirm.”
“Yachel,” The mom of Persia grins at the nose profile of Yachel.
I eye roll with annoyance and turn with a sour frown to see the nose profile of my mom and Yachel.
Yachel chews and swallows, sliding her repaired plate to the center of the table and stands, wiping her mouth with her patched table linen. She tosses it into the plate, viewing the tiara of Persia’s mom.
Daffodil reads out loud her gem stone. “The fourth gray box is…”
I slowly stand upright from my chair and elbow Yachel on her arm.
Persia’s dad looks up with a smile to his daughter. “Good luck, Persia!”
I exhale. “Thanks, Dad.” Yachel and I spin around and dash out of the banquet room.
At 01:03 pm, I exhale with a puff of frustration and slowly move down the semi-dark hallway towards the south side of the building.
Yachel slowly moves with a sour frown with Persia. The other teen and adult fairies exit the banquet and stroll down the hallway behind Yachel and Persia.
“I’m not good at the flying and racing and slamming the objects from the ground and then into you.” I giggle. “I don’t wanna get pookie all over my face both literally and physically with this dumb fairy race.”


01:10 pm
Fairy School building ground
South side series of races
Warm temperatures with partly cloudy sunlight


Yachel elbows Persia with a giggle and a grin. “You won’t. I got a new plan.” She leans over with a whisper to Persia, moving down the broken steps and outside the building, standing next to each other near the edge of the wall for a good eye view at the races.
Mentor Kaapo does not smile and stands on side of the dirt ground for the new fairy race. Each teen and adult fairy stomps around each broken step and then stops, standing in front of the wall at the school building out of the harm’s way, sounding with a set of chuckles and giggles. The group of teen fairy racers stands in-between the adult fairies, watching and waiting their turn to race on their individual surfing wave for glorious fairy fun this afternoon. Kaapo thumbs with a smile at each fairy judges beside her, saying into her gem stone for all eardrums. “There are two fairy mentors as two distinct judges. One judge is for racer number one. A second judge is for racer number two which is similar to the fun fairy races of yesterday.”
“Why not three judges? Which is the same question that I asked yesterday too?” One of the fairies laughs into his gem stone.
Kaapo exhales with a puff of annoyance, saying with a fake smile into her gem stone. “In case of a surfing tie from our talented fairy surfers, each judge will assess each appropriate fairy surfer with a numeric math score from one to four. Four represents forgetting and foregoing the cleanup the pookie pile duty tonight.” Each other teen and adult fairy sounds with a series of claps and cheers. Kaapo says with a grin. “I am standing at the finish line on purpose to witness the winner of the fairy fun surfing race. The two fairies will fly down to the end of the lane, starting in front of the forest line and then come all the way down through the obstacle course. The first race fairies begin with teen Walcott and fairy prince Gable.”
I lean over with a whisper and a grin to Yachel. “Gable’s parents will never give up. Walcott is going to slam fairy prince Gable into one of the colorful pony patties on the north side of the building for his funny frustration.”
Kaapo waves her arm in the air and speaks into her gem stone. “Fly to the forest, fairies! Then, you must stand at the dotted line of red dirt, facing the school building and cheering crowd of fairies, until I give the call.”
Walcott stands next to his parents near the wall of the building and releases out his amethyst fairy wave, jumping on top and soars over neat piles of stuff on the ground and lands his fairy wave on the opposite grounds. He turns and struts to the dotted line, sucking up his fairy wave into his ring gem stone with a loud slurp, stopping and standing in front of the green forest.
Gable shoots his lime green tinted fairy wave from his dress shirt cuff link, almost touching the ground dirt.
Kaapo frowns into her bracelet gem stone. “Don’t fly into the set up obstacles along the way there, fairy prince Gable. Get moving now, Gable! We got lots of race teams to finish before the suppertime meal.”
Gable steps on top of his flat lime green fairy wave, slowly flying down to the forest line and finally arrives, swinging around. He hovers in the air on top of the wave in front of the dotted line for the start of the silly fairy race.
Kaapo sees with her fairy eyeballs in the far distance that both the surfers stand on the dotted line, saying with a smile into her gem stone. “Go!”
Walcott stands at the dotted line on the ground with a grin and a chuckle without releasing out his fairy wave for the silly teenly race.
Gable dashes ahead towards the first obstacle, a tall wall of rocks. He forms his single lime green fairy thumb and slaps his fairy thumb into the hard rocks. The rocks do not move. He swings his fairy thumb back and forth in the air, slapping at the tall wall of rocks. The rocks do not move again.
The other fairies sound with a series of chuckles and giggles for all eardrums.
At the dotted line, Walcott frowns with annoyance, shooting off his amethyst tinted fairy wave. His wave gently flows from his boot toes. He leaps onto the fairy wave, forming his three amethyst fairy fingers and a fairy thumb and folds his fingers into a fairy fist, guiding to the first pile of rocks. He stops, rearing and swinging his fairy fist and pops into the wall of rocks. The broken and spilt rocks shoot outward from his footpath.
Gable slams his lime green fairy thumb into the rocks again with more frustration. The rocks do not move.
Walcott slowly moves over the ground on top of his flat fairy amethyst wave to Gable and slams his amethyst fist into the rock wall of Gable. The rocks split and scatter in different directions. Walcott frowns with annoyance of the stupid fairy races for someone entertainment but the teens. “Come on, Gabbie! Make this a really good race.”
Gable flies forward on top of his fairy lime green wave with a smile and a nod to the second obstacle, a wall of tree stumps and stops, slapping his thumb into the tree stumps. The stump stack doesn’t move.
Walcott exhales with a huff of annoyance, slowly moving his amethyst fairy wave to the wall of tree stumps, slamming his amethyst fist into the lump. The wood shatters into tiny pieces of kindle and sawdust. He continues to the next pile, a tall stack of hay. He punches the hay, sending yellow particles into the air. Walcott flies to the next pile, a stack of books. He continues to bust each pile, almost reaching the finish line and stops, hovering on top of his amethyst smooth fairy wave with a grin and a laugh.
Kaapo gasps and says with a smirk into her gem stone. “Walcott has stopped. Gable, get moving, right now! You can catch and pass him and then win the race now.”
In front of the building, Yachel leans over with a giggle and a whisper to Persia. “Only if the blue cows jump over the red moon…”
I giggle with a whisper. “There ain’t no such thing as a blue cow.”
Gable hits the wall of tree stumps again with his fairy thumb. The stumps do not move. Walcott rears back his amethyst fairy fist with a chuckle and an evil grin to Gable. The fairies gasp, back stepping from the incoming implosion.
Kaapo yells into her gem stone. “Don’t! Do not hit that pile of…”
Walcott slams his fairy fist into the tall pile of yellow sawdust inside Gable’s flying lane. The sawdust scatters and swirls in the air. The air current and the speed carry the sawdust forward to the audience of fairies, standing in front of the school building at the end of the finish line. He slowly crosses the amber colored finish line alone, wiping his face and his arms from the flying sawdust with a laugh and a grin, raising his arms in victory too.
I swing around to face the wall on the school building. Actually, I face another face of a fairy with a giggle and whisper the fairy charm, “Rainee offaa, Persia.” My palm gem stone forms a magenta wave raincoat around my body for protection as the flying sawdust hits my back spine and my rear skull. I cover my face with my hands with a giggle from the tiny attack of tiny soft flakes.
The other non-protected fairies sound with a moan and back step from fear, spinning around, running into the school building too late. Numerous particles of tiny sawdust cover the dirt, the air, Kaapo, and the other fairies that do not enter the school building safely.
I shake my fairy raincoat, dropping the rest of the tiny soft yellow sawdust particles from my body and swing around with a smile and whisper the fairy charm. “No rainee offaa, Persia.” My raincoat disappears from my body as I watch the new action.
The brownies invade the messy dirt and trashed soil ground, replacing the stack of piles or creating a new duplicate stack of stuff for the next racing fairy team.
Kaapo frowns into her bracelet gem stone. “Walcott, you are very lucky that you have won your surfing fairy race first.”
Walcott stops beside Kaapo and jumps off his flat fairy wave with a chuckle, sucking it back into his ring gem stone with a loud slurp and smiles. “Do I get a silky star?”
Kaapo cleans off the sawdust particles from her distorted face with her gem stone. “No.”
“Do I get a shiny trophy?” He extends his arms with a laugh and a smile.
“No,” she cleans the sawdust off her dress and her fairy cape with a sour frown.
“Do I get a satin ribbon?” He raises his arms with a smile and a snigger.
Kaapo thumbs over her collar bone with a sour frown. “Get out of my eyesight, Walcott!”
Walcott dashes ahead with a smile to his gang of fellow teen fairies, hand slapping, back slapping, and fist bumping with amusement.
Kaapo exhales with a puff of annoyance, saying with a sour frown into her gem stone. “Fairy prince Gable, you have lost the race again for the afternoon. You and your fairy parents will be cleaning up pookie piles for the evening again. Fairy prince Gable, please return to the finish line. The next surfing race is represented by fairies Eadric and Molfalso. Please advance down the flying fairy lane and line at the dotted line, until I yell the signal to go.” Each fairy teen releases a flat fairy wave and leaps on top, flying over the piles of obstacles and down to the starting line in front of the forest line. They turn in the air and stop in front of the dotted line of dirt and ready for the race. Kaapo grins. “Go!”
I bounce up and down for an even talented surfing fairy race with a smile and a clap. “Who do I root for?”
“Both and neither, but only us,” Yachel watches the fairy surfing race with a grin and a laugh.
Eadric and Molfalso ride down to the first wall of rock evenly.
Molfalso forms his crimson fairy fist with his three fairy fingers and a thumb, slamming the wall of rock into pebbles with force, moving slightly ahead of Eadric. Pieces of the hard and broken rocks fall on top of Eadric’s skull and his flight pathway.
Eadric is cool as he creates a fairy protection umbrella over his hair roots and splits his emerald green fairy ray into two fairy fingers and a thumb. He forms a small fairy fist with his two fairy fingers, readying to bust the wall of rock and expands his emerald green fairy thumb, forming a fairy shovel, batting back the flying pieces of rock and wood from leader Molfalso.
Molfalso hits the wall of tree stumps into the air with his crimson fairy fist. Some of the thick trees stumps are too strong to break into kindle wood, flying in lumps of trees at Eadric.
Eadric hits the tree stumps out of his fairy pathway, trailing behind Molfalso. 
Molfalso says with a chuckle into his gem stone. “The piles of stuff are getting easier, not harder.” He increases his surfing speed as his crimson fairy fist slams side to side into each tall pile, sending the rubble everywhere in different directions, sometimes into his face and over his hair roots. “Protectee, Molfalso.” He forms a crimson fairy protection shield over his hair roots and his body, finishing the fun fairy race for the afternoon.
Eadric races and surfs his emerald green fairy wave tip to tip even with Molfalso, slapping his fairy fist into each pile with ease also.
Kaapo says with a smile and a nod into her gem stone. “These two fairies are much more entertaining in the second leg of the surfing race this afternoon. Both fairies are tip-to-tip even as their colored individual fairy waves soar up into the blue sky and down into the colored pile of stuff. I can’t call the winner, either. The race is too close with two highly talented fairies, surfing on top of their individual waves. The next to the last pile of stuff, the old and torn paper and leather books have been scattered by both fairies. The fairies are heading for the last obstacle, the soft stack of yellow saw dust.”
Molfalso retracts his fairy fist back into his crimson gem stone with a loud slurp and a whisper. “No protectee, Molfalso.” His protection shield disappears back into his gem stone with a soft slurp too. He squats and lowers at his kneecaps on top of his smooth flowing crimson fairy wave, riding it in flight.
Kaapo frowns. “What is fairy prince Molfalso doing? He has retracted his crimson colored fairy wave fist. He is riding the smooth fairy wave to the finish line. I don’t think that fairy Molfalso realizes that there is one more pile of stuff, the yellow sawdust pile. I admit the tiny pile of sawdust is easy to miss, flying in the misty white clouds. If he misses the tiny pile, then he will lose to fairy Eadric,” she giggles.
Molfalso speeds his smooth crimson fairy wave faster and pulls ahead of Eadric to the finish line.
Eadric is a little slower in speed, dragging his emerald green fairy fist, his tinted emerald green fairy umbrella, and his emerald green fairy protection shield. All the additional fancy fairy wave accouterments drag and slow down his overall performance from his wave surfing motion.
Molfalso surfs his smooth crimson fairy wave to the amber colored finish line.
Eadric whispers. “No protectee, Eadric.” His fairy protection shield disappears as he retracts back his fairy thumb into his emerald green fairy fist and then he soars to the pile of sawdust, darting his eyelids to the side.
Molfalso surfs at the rear of his smooth, flat crimson wave without his crimson fairy fist, wearing with a smile and a chuckle of amusement.
Eadric gains speed flying towards the boot heels on Molfalso.
On the sideline of dead weeds and dirt, Kaapo frowns at the teen fairy. “Fairy Molfalso is not slowing down for the last pile of stuff, the delicate tower of yellow tinted sawdust. If he misses and does not toss the sawdust bits from his pathway and crosses the finish line, then Molfalso will lose.” The other fairies sound with a series of cheers and claps.
Molfalso speeds toward the amber colored finish line for the victory win and then halts his fairy wave motion mid-air, slamming his smile down into the soft, heated crimson colored wave material. He slowly stands upright and sits on his kneecaps, wearing with a chuckle and a smile from his silly fairy move. He forms a small flat fairy palm at the tip of his crimson wave, such like, a fly swatter.
On the sidelines of dead weeds and dirt, Kaapo gasps with shock at the fairy teen. “What is fairy prince Molfalso doing? He has stopped his fairy wave and poses in mid-air. Eadric is tip-to-tip with Molfalso’s crimson fairy wave. Eadric is about to pass Molfalso for the lead and then he will eventually win the victory too. What is going on here? Molfalso is starting to surf again and steers towards the amber colored finish line, speeding up. He is keeping the slight lead in the two fairy surfing race. However, Molfalso has formed a flat colored crimson fairy hand, instead of a folded fairy wave fist for some reason. He holds a flat fairy hand in the air, swinging his hand at the…the…”
Eadric darts his eyelids to the side and views the quick motion with his buddy.
Molfalso flights forward and holds his flat fairy hand in the air, readying to slap at the pile of sawdust, swinging his smile with a wink and chuckle at his fairy buddy Eadric.
Eadric gasps in alarm and reshapes his emerald green fairy fist into a flat fairy hand, too, lifting his hand in the air like Molfalso also while flying ahead toward the last pile, a stack of medium high, light-weight yellow colored sawdust.
On the sideline of dead weeds and dirt, Kaapo says into her gem stone. “Both fairies have formed a set of flat fairy hands for some strange reason. Both fairies are about to whack the pile of sawdust. This race is too close to call, fairies.”
Molfalso swings his crimson fairy hand backward toward his face without hitting his face and then drives the same fairy hand forward with laughter, slapping the last pile of soft sawdust. The sawdust particles quickly scatter in the air while sending the majority of the yellow sawdust bits towards one particular sideline within his flying lane.
Eadric slaps his matching pile of yellow tinted sawdust with his flat emerald green colored fairy hand towards the same geographically direction, without hitting his fairy buddy Molfalso too. Then, they both swiftly race ahead towards the amber colored finish line, sounding with laughter.
On the sideline of dead weeds and dirt, Kaapo says into her gem stone. “Both teens swing a flat fairy hand hitting the pile of sawdust. The sawdust has been hit and is flying, flying…,” she drops down into the weeds and dirt, too late, as the yellow sawdust slams into her tiara, her hair roots, her distorted face, her fairy dress, and her fairy cape again. The other fairies sound with a series of cheers and claps.
Molfalso sails his crimson flat fairy wave over the amber colored finish line first and then soars over the hair roots of the other fairies, tossing his flat fairy hand and his other naked arm up to the clouds, yelling with laughter with his fairy fun. 
Eadric sails over the amber colored finish line on top of his emerald green smooth fairy wave, after Molfalso, and then flies up to the skyline, yelling out loud with laughter. He lifts his flat, fairy hand and other naked arm over his hair roots too.
Then each teen fairy slowly flies and completes a circle in the air, diving back down to the earth, landing on top of the dirt. Each teen retracts his fairy wave back into their individual gem stone with a slurp sound and then rises both arms, yelling with laughter. The other fairies sound with a series of cheers and claps.
On the sideline, down in the dirt, Kaapo slowly stands upright from the ground with a loud grunt and a sour frown, wearing numerous yellow sawdust bits, wobbling side to side from her dizziness. She touches her gem stone and exhales with a puff of annoyance, rubbing her bracelet shell over her dirty clothes and her dirtier body. “I do not know who won the race. I must check my gem stone later.”
One judge stands upright from the broken step in front of the entrance door at the building, wearing a smile and a chuckle, without the yellow sawdust bits. She looks down to see her gem stone. “I can call the race for you, Kaapo. I see inside my gem stone that Molfalso hit the pile of sawdust first, before Eadric hit the second pile of yellow sawdust with his fairy hand. Then the first pile of yellow sawdust completely covered your hair roots first, before the second pile of matching yellow sawdust from fairy prince Eadric. So, I declare the official winner of the sawdust covering as fairy prince Molfalso.” The other fairies sound with a series of claps and cheers.
On the sideline, Kaapo wobbles and frowns at the first judge, looking down at her bracelet gem stone with a sigh. “After hitting the pile of sawdust, Molfalso crossed the finish line first. Fairy prince Molfalso is the winner of the second surfing race.” The other fairies dance around with a series of cheers and claps.
Eadric’s mom appears and stands beside her son, reaching out, slapping his naked forearm with a sour frown and a matching tone. “Eadric, you have lost your second fairy race, again! Now, we must clean up all the pony patties, again, tonight. I am not happy with your fairy performance, boy.”
Eadric reaches out and fist bumps with Molfalso, Gable, and Walcott, saying with a smile and a nod to each teen. “I didn’t win. But I’m very happy. Cool move, Molfalso!”
A set of short, gray-haired, and brown skinned brownies run from the sidelines of forest and clean up the trashy grounds, replacing a set of new stack of stuff with duplicate items. The other fairies dance around the dead weeds with a series of cheers and claps.
On the sideline of dead weeds, red dirt, and yellow sawdust bits, Kaapo stands in place and sneers down into her gem stone. “We will continue with the next fairy surfing race. The next racing team is fairy princess Persia and teen Yachel. Please, do not imitate fairy prince Molfalso for any reason. Go! Get to the starting line near the forest trees, now!”
I fist-bump and smile to Yachel, nodding with our new secret fairy plan.
The mom of Persia reaches out and grabs her daughter by the naked forearm, saying with a sour frown. “Persia, you are to win this fairy race.”
I turn and frown to my mom. “Yeah, I will.” I jerk my arm from her and swing around, slowly moving between the parted rows of fairies and enter the clearing. I release out my magenta fairy wave and jump on top the smooth material, slowly steering down towards the starting line behind Yachel. I halt in the air, land down on the dotted line, and retract my fairy wave back into my gem stone with a slurp. I lean over and fist-bump with Yachel again with laughter. She and I continue to stand at the dotted line.
On the sidelines, near the building, Kaapo says into her gem stone. “Go!”
I release out my magenta fairy wave, jumping on top of the flat ray and squat down on my kneecaps, balancing with my arms.
Yachel shoots out her pale blue fairy ray in the air and jumps on with a yell and a laugh for fun.
I slowly stand and extend both my arms for balance, carefully walking towards the end tip on top of my magenta fairy wave. My wave surfs up and over the first wall of hard rock. I rub my gem stone and lower my wave down even with the dirt and then rub, lifting my fairy wave up and over the wall of tree stumps with my fairy fun for the afternoon silly fairy race.
On the sidelines, Kaapo gasps down into her gem stone. “Fairy princess Persia is walking from the rear of her fairy wave to the front of her fairy wave. I’m very impressed. That’s a very cool move.” The teen and adult other fairies sound with a series of cheers and claps.
I continue to soar on top of my fairy wave over the other piles with assorted stuff while hearing through my palm gem stone. 
“Persia, smash the piles of objects! Persia, you are going to lose the surfing race, this afternoon.” The mom of Persia screams into her necklace gem stone at her daughter.
“You do it.” I whisper, not into my palm gem stone, for no one else’s eardrums and wear a sour frown.
Beside the other racing lane, Yachel uses her pale blue fairy fist with three fingers and one thumb and slams each pile away from her speedy flight path towards the side, without harming her bestest friend Persia. She doesn’t want to compete either, but she doesn’t want to spend time cleaning and picking up animal pookie patties in the north grounds either.
I continue to stand almost along the edge on my magenta fairy wave, extending both of my arms even with my flying wave, a beautiful pose. I close my eyelashes and feel the cool breeze on my sweaty face. I feel the heat lift up from my fairy wave underneath my boot heels. I hear the squawking birds, the rustling squirrels, and the croaking frogs that live with me here within Fairyland going inside each one of my fairy eardrums.
I open my eyelashes, coming closer to the pretend amber colored finish line from fairy mentor Kaapo. I soar over each untouched semi-tall pile of rocks, tree stumps, hay bales, kindle wood, non-read books, dead birds, and other stuff. And then I hear through my palm gem stone.
“Persia, I will not be picking up pookie piles, if you lose.” The mom of Persia sneers into her gem stone at her only child.
“Maybe!” I giggle with a smile and continue to sail my flat fairy wave over the ground and then form at the tip of my magenta wave an elegant single, slender fairy fingernail. I use my fingernail and reach down for the object, plucking a dead pink flower from a healthy plant, sailing over the invisible air waves, even with my bestest friend Yachel.
Yachel flies on top of her pale blue fairy wave and continues to slam each pile into the air and away from her bestest friend Persia. Her scattered pile of stuff does not hit another fairy, either, but gently scatters into the wind as it is carried off from her fairy racing lane, unlike silly teen fairies Molfalso and Eadric. The other fairies have formed an individual fairy protection shield around an upright body or a sitting pose for this surfing race.
I slide over the finish line with a giggle, even with Yachel, wiggling my wave side to side and surrender to her. I turn and offer my almost dead flower with my single magenta fairy fingernail, bowing down at my fit waist, hearing a giggle from Yachel.
The other fairies gasp in shock. Some of the fairies sound with a series of cheers and claps. The other fairies sound with a series of boos and hisses.
On the sidelines of dead weeds, red dirt, and yellow sawdust, Kaapo frowns at the delicate scene. “Quiet here! Silence here! What is that?”
Beside Persia, inside the second surfing lane, Yachel on top of her fairy reaches out, grabbing Persia’s bouquet of dead flowers with her pale blue fairy two fingers and thumb, bowing down at her fit waist to Persia. Next, she stands upright with a smile to Persia.
The other fairies gasp in awe. Some of the fairies sound with a series of cheers and claps. Some of the fairies sound with a series of boos and hisses.
I draw back my fairy fingernail and lift up my torso with a smile to Yachel, safely landing my fairy wave on top of the flat dirt, jumping off and retract my wave back into my gem stone with a loud slurp. I smile with cheers, raising both my arms in the air at the set of both cheering and booing fairies.
On the sidelines, Kaapo gasps with shock. “We have a perfect tie. Each fairy wins her race run.”
“Fairy princess Persia didn’t hit one pile of stuff. She’s disqualified and loses the surfing fairy wave race.” One fairy sneers into her gem stone.
Kaapo tosses her arms in the air, “We are prepared for a tie. Judges, please, score each fairy now,” she drops her arms and slaps her gown.
One of the fairies says into his gem stone. “Yachel won the race, fair and square. She smashed all the piles in the surfing race, so Persia and her parents get to pick up pony patties tonight.”
Kaapo exhales with a puff of frustration and views each judge. “Judge for Persia, what is her score?”
The fairy judge looks down with a smile and a giggle, tapping on her gem stone. The number four shows in all the fairy gem stones. The other fairies gasp. Some of the fairies sound with a series of boos and hisses. Some of the fairies sound with a series of cheers and claps.
The first judge smiles into her gem stone. “Fairy princess Persia showed us that there is a time for peace. Her pretty surfing on a peaceful magenta wave represents both beauty and peace. Then she presented the cute innocent flower to her fellow fairy. Bravo! Bravo!” She claps with some of the other fairies.
“She didn’t obey the rule, slamming the piles of stuff.” One fairy growls into her gem stone.
Kaapo raises her arms in the air with a nod and a smile into her gem stone. “Fairy princess Persia wins the race.”
The second judge stands and shakes her curls, tapping into her gem stone at the same too. “Not necessarily, Mentor Kaapo! I have awarded Yachel with the math number of four too. She showed all the fairies that there is also a time for war. Her magnificent pale blue fairy surfing wave busted and broken all the piles of rock and tree stumps. Yachel is an accomplished fairy also.” The other fairies sound with a series of cheers and claps.
Kaapo frowns. “We have again a tie for fairy Persia and Yachel. Both fairies have won the surfing wave race, this afternoon.”
I clap with a giggle of excitement and hug Yachel.
Yachel pulls back with a giggle and a clap, turning and runs to her parents, hugging and giggling in their faces too.
The mom of Persia elbows her path through the crowd, grabbing her daughter by the arm and sneers into Persia’s face. “You were to fight for the win, Persia.”
I jerk my arm with a growl away from my mom. “I will never fight with Yachel, Mother. Get over it or get another daughter!” I swing around, elbowing my way through the crowd of fairies.
Kaapo says into her gem stone. “The next race team is…”
3rd day Fairy Academy


08:08 am
5th level floor
Hallway setting


The bedroom door opens.
I turn and race with a giggle and a grin on my boot heels down the hallway with Yachel and Zann. I’m winning. I go around the wall corner first, releasing out my magenta fairy wave and jump on top, squatting on my kneecaps for more stability in the swift tight race.
I soar down the staircase over each deep pothole on top of my fairy wave, shouting out loud, waving my free hand, “On your left! On your right!” The other fairies scream and slam into the rotten walls of the staircase with a sneer.
Yachel rides on top of her pale blue fairy wave racing beside Persia, standing on her knees, shuffling her arm side to side with a sneer and a yell. “Move it! Get outta here! I’m coming through too. I’m racing…”
Yachel and I are in the lead going girly nose-to-nose and then reach the bottom step, turning into the crowded of the dark hallway with the ugly portraits of the Fairy Queen.
Yachel raises her fairy wave up to the ceiling, breaking numerous tiny pieces of ceiling plaster over the other fairies. The other fairies stop and yell in angry, whipping arms and middle fingers at Yachel.
I turn and race my magenta fairy wall beside dark wood of hallway wall in a pretty slick fairy pose. My wave scoots along the wall, busting more rotten wooden planks over the weak paneling but not harming any of the other fairies. The other meaner fairies stop and finger the silly race of the two Second Class females.
I soar up to the wide archway of the banquet room. However, it is located on the opposite side of the hallway. I turn my fairy wave parallel with the ceiling, not hitting the ceiling with my tiara. I drop down and rest over my wave, surfing the air waves with a giggle, raising both of my arms in the air and a yell for fun.
Some of the other nicer fairies stop and clap, watching the magnificent fairy performance of Persia and Yachel.


08:10 a.m.
Banquet room setting
Breakfast meal


I duck down underneath the wide archway on top of my wave, touching the archway frame with my hair roots with a giggle, slowing down and then descend down towards the eating table with my parents and friends. I sizzle a new burnt black spot on top of the plastic floor.
I slowly stand upright on top of the fairy wave and raise both of my arms in the air with a smile and a laugh without yells or dirt balls.
The other fairy adults are too busy, swishing away a set of nasty colorful pookie flies from the uncovered food plates. Or they are giving a set of winning words of advice to the fairy teen son or daughter for conquering the next set of fairy races for the afternoon, hoping to get out of cleaning up colorful pookie piles tonight.
I move ahead while slurping up my fairy wave back inside the gem stone and scoot down into an empty chair that will hold my bestest friend Yachel and my sneering mother. I grab my bread and swaddle it into my arm, whacking away at the buzzing insects with a sour frown.
The other occupants include Persia’s father, Yachel’s parents, Zann, and her parents.
The mom of sixteen-year-old fairy princess Zann sits in-between her husband and daughter, wearing a sour frown, wiping her hand side to side in the air over her open food plate. “Uoo! Disgusting things.” The flies land down and attack her food. She shoves the plate to the side and frowns at the set of annoying flies.
I lift and chew my food fast with a grin and a burp. “What’s up with the freaking horse files? I didn’t know that the school corralled the horses too along with the unicorns and winged steeds.”
Yachel lands without fanfare over the plastic floor behind Persia, sizzling a new burnt spot in the plastic also and advances to the empty chair, sitting down with a smile. She chews and cuddles her food swiftly too. “These things are not a set of horseflies. Those are a gang of monster flies. I’ve never seen a batch of bigger and uglier flies in my life. Their tails light up in color too.”
Zann’s mom follows each fly around the food table and swishes her hand over the plates of her husband and daughter. “Their fluttering wings are not multi-colored like a tree butterfly. They are solid colors, glowing around each food plate. Uoo! Shoo fly!” She continues to swish her hand over the food plate.
Zann cuddles her bread with a smile “O! They have a pretty tail hue in the colors of pink, green, blue, and yellow.” She lifts and eats the bread swiftly, chewing with a grin like a fairy flake.
Yachel mouth spits her food over her plate and the tablecloth. “The color of pink represents the word, love. The color of green represents balance. The color of blue means trust. And the color of yellow means knowledge.”
The mom of Persia frowns and swishes at the flies around her food plate. “I do believe that the colors represent the island. The color of pink is the sunset within the western skies. The color of green is the growth of the trees and bushes within the southern grounds. The color of blue is the ocean water along the eastern shoreline. And the color yellow is the reigning sunshine over our home of Fairyland.” She crams her mouth with the bread, before flies attack it.
The group of colorful flies zoom away from Persia’s table and viciously attack Daffodil on top of the elevated platform as she says with a smile down into her gem stone and swishes her hand at each flying pest. “Breakfast is done. Every fairy, go and get lined up for your specifically assigned parade role outside.”
At Persia’s table, Yachel slowly stands and chews the last of her food, watching Daffodil and the set of colorful flies. “Hmm! I do believe that the flies have good aim and bad taste.”
On top of the platform, Daffodil continues to stand and swishes at each flying fly, shouting out loud with a sour frown and a yell. “Someone, go and get me a witch’s broom, now.”
“All creatures great and small like to eat, too.” Yachel spins around with a giggle and dashes ahead through the open archway for her music practice session.
At 08:32 am, I spin around with a smile and slowly shuffle out from the banquet room, strolling with some of my fellow fairies down the semi-dark hallway in silence. I rub my gem stone over my funeral-type fluffy black colored fairy dress, changing into my comfortable ripped and faded blue jeans, a red colored short-sleeved tee shirt, and my favorite pair of unpolished pink and green cowgirl boots.
I stomp beside the music room, reaching out, grabbing one of the flutes that lay in a pile of shiny instruments. The unicorn is called by flute or the pitched octave of the notes C, D, F, and G.
I don’t feel like singing today or tomorrow or for the rest of the school year. 
A chestnut reddish colored ding-ding horse comes from a mouth whistle like a winged steed.
inside the same hallway, Yachel moves behind Persia and holds Stad’s hand. Stad only flirts with her smile, her eyelashes and her earlobes. 
Yachel is playing and practicing in the band with her fairy boyfriend Stad.
I am prancing beside my mom inside the same hallway. However, I will be trotting on top of my personal fairy unicorn, instead of my heeled sandals during the farting fairy queen corny coronation parade.
No pain, girlfriend!
I exhale with a puff of gloom. My boyfriend Britton is walking the parade route during the farting event.
You know, if I was a good fairy girl, I would walk with my fairy guy.
Pain, girlfriend!


08:33 a.m.
Exterior school building
West side of unicorns
Warm temperatures with bright sunshine


I move outside the building and shade my eyelashes with my other hand, hearing with my fairy eardrums. 
In front of the forming rows of animals, Thurbet stands on top of his ding-ding horse, waving both his short arms in the air, directing a group of wandering fairies and their wonderful unicorns or smelly ding-ding horses into some type of parade formation.
He says with a smirk into his ring gem stone. “We will begin in a line about ten feet apart. Please, go and mount your beastie, once it has been called and claimed.”
I exhale with a puff of annoyance, moving towards a very semi-crook line of fairies that got lucky enough to ride a beastie. “How hard is it to ride a unicorn? Geez!”
Thurbet continues to stand and shouts out loud. “Please, call your unicorn to here for the start of the parade route!”
I stop and stand in the wet grass, staring at the hillside. “Mom, does your unicorn remember you from all these years?”
She turns and frowns at the nose profile on her daughter, “What do you mean, ‘all those years’?”
I fling my sanitized flute into the air for a third time for the third day and blow my breath activating the musical song. I shade my eyelashes, seeing the beautiful black wings of the draft horses as they gracefully flap up and down against the pretty blue sky.
I barely see the flapping wings of the duchess horses. The pair of white wings blends beautifully into the white clouds, until they fly through the wet puff. Then I look down to see more of the unicorns stomp the hillside with a giggle and a grin. “You do know.”
“I do not know.”
“You do know. It has been a while since your young days here at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy, Mom, hasn’t it?”
She exhales. “The unicorns live and thrive around here within Fairyland. They have mates and babies, too, like a family clan, Persia.”
I frown. “O!” The flute shines in the sunlight from silver tint and my magenta wave on the instrument. The smooth song plays in perfect harmony smoothly into my eardrums. I feel the rumble of the ground and see the top of the colored hairs, watching the herd of colored unicorns gallop over the hilltop.
Komilly stops on top of the hilltop, tilting her green skull to the side, listening for the song. Her pale green colored mane falls over her green colored forehead. She hears the song from her mistress and gallops down the hill to Persia.
I move forward and wave my arms to my galloping unicorn, rubbing my gem stone over my jeans and morph into my hot and dirty fancy fairy gown. I stop and extend my arms to my unicorn.
Komilly halts at the dress hemline of Persia, waiting.
I rub her body with my gem stone, cleaning her coat into a shine and rub her silky mane. Her green colored unicorn hair glistens under the hot bright sunlight. I release a short magenta smooth wave and form an elevated set of fairy footsteps into a ladder, slowly climbing the stairs and plop over her boney spine and whisper for my eardrums only. “Mo-mo.” The brownies rush a tiny worn leather seat over my fanny and her boney spine. I giggle and wiggle side to side, hearing the familiar complaints for a third time on the third day through my em stone like the rest of the other fairies.
Thurbet says into his gem stone. “Males do not ride sideways, only females. No pair of guiding reins or sitting saddles are allowed during the fairy queen coronation parade.”
I lean over and pat her forehead, brushing her long silky mane from her eyeballs. “Good girl, Komilly! It’s been a while since we have some fun like yesterday. For the rest of the week, maybe the month, and then maybe the rest of the farting year, we are still prancing in the farting rehearsal parade for some farting fun.”
Komilly neighs with approval.
“Yeah, me, too, Komilly!” I laugh with amusement.
Thurbet slides down over the naked spine on his ding-ding horse and face a southerly geographical direction, speaking into ring shell with the jabbed nasty-looking gem stone. “Today, we will walk very slowly in a row together. Please, try to stay inside your assigned row of beasties and try to keep the line straight as possible. Please, begin.”
I raise my arms in the air and tilt my chin with silliness, laughing out loud. “Sit down and in my dress on top of a prancing unicorn. Sit down and lean sideways on top of a prancing unicorn. Sit down, without a saddle, on top of a prancing unicorn…”
Persia’s mom rides beside her daughter and wiggles side to side on top of the boney spine of her purple unicorn. “You don’t have to voice each one of your fairy movements, Persia. Anyways, we are all fairies, riding on beasties, honey.”
“I am farted.” I frown. “I don’t wanna do the parade thing.”
Thurbet continues to ride and steer his ding-ding horse first and speaks into gem stone. “We are finally in correct beastie formation. We will prance ahead from her for one mile and then turn around and then prance back the single mile. By that time, the lunch meal will present for both the hungry fairies and the beasties.”
The other unicorns neigh and paw the dirt ground, waiting for the three rows with each shorter, slower ding-ding horse to advance ahead within the overcrowded beastie lines of stinky rumps.
Komilly becomes excited, neighing out loud, pawing the ground with impatience too, rearing her front legs in the air for some reason.
I gasp in alarm and drop my arms, slapping both my naked hands over her hairy mane. Then Komilly becomes more excited from the impact of a pair of warm hands prancing sideways from the beastie row, galloping ahead of the unicorn line.
I scream out loud and wobble side to side, sliding off her back spine, producing my magenta tinted fairy wave in the air. My wave parallels the dirt ground and as I fall down from the unicorn and land flat on my face, exhaling with a puff of fear.
The other beastie fairies laugh out loud and point down at a grounded Persia on top of the dirt.
On the ground, I lift up my face from the heated fairy ray and wipe off the splattered blood running down my two nose holes, staring at each wigging unicorn tail.
On top of the purple colored unicorn, Persia’s mom reaches down and fluffs her apricot fairy dress, passing her daughter, saying into her necklace gem stone. “Are you okay, honey? Please, get off the dirt and join your runaway unicorn into the line soonest. We’re marching down the road. We are leaving you behind, Persia.”
I continue to lay on the ground and on top of my fairy wave, sneering with love at my mom. “Okay.”
I slowly stand upright on top of my wave with a sour frown and step off into the dry dirt, retracting my wave back inside my gem stone with a soft slurp, raising a free hand at my unicorn, whistling out loud the four musical notes.
Else, the unicorn will enjoy her day of play without her mistress Persia.
Komilly slowly spins around and gallops with a loud neigh, racing back to Persia.
I release out my fairy wave over the dirt and leap on top of the wave, jumping onto her boney back spine. I shove her skull forward without the aid of guiding reins towards the walking line of the other unicorns.
In front of the numerous beastie lines, Thurbet leads his ding-ding horse slowly over the dirt soil as the dust kicks up creating a series of tiny red tornados.
I slide my unicorn at the end of the walking line next to my mom and rub my gem stone over my bloody face and my sweaty hair. The other unicorns prance, kicking up dust balls into my dress and my unicorn again.
Komilly becomes annoyed and dashes ahead of the unicorn line, side stepping her hoofs and her body away from the rude and bumpy fairy riders. She escapes the unicorn line again, running ahead of the other beasties. The other beasties become excited prancing into a canter movement while wanting to run with Komilly for their beastie fun.
However, Komilly wants to lead the pack of beasties, as usual, so she canters into a full gallop through the air molecules of a heated day.
On top of her back spine, I scream with panic holding and pulling on her mane hair. “Whoa! Stop! No go!” I bounce side to side inside my tiny worn leather saddle without a pair of neck reins for guiding my unicorn and a hand horn for holding my body over her boney spine. I scream and slide to the right. My dress swishes to the left.
I compensate and pull on her mane hair. “Stop! No go!” I scream out loud and slide to the left as my dress swishes to the right.
I scream out loud. “Whoa! Halt! No go!” Then I slide to the left and slip off from the slick leather on the tiny saddle, of course. I release her mane and shoot out my magenta fairy wave into the air.
My fairy wave acts like a unicorn dragging me through the air waves.
I hold my breath and run my upright body through the air as my body falls down with earth gravity towards the ground dirt. I see and then say it. “Crap!”
A small pile of baby blue unicorn pookie patties rests directly in my face.
I jump forward over the pookie pile and roll ahead, landing on my face on top of my smooth flat fairy wave. My magenta wave slowly guides over the dirt and the other crap piles of beastie pookie, gently landing down on top of the ground. I exhale with relief and then inhale with fury.
Within the lines of moving beasties, Persia’s mom slowly steers her unicorn and passes her daughter, saying with a sour frown into her gem stone. “Persia, get up and get back on your unicorn. You are very far behind the walking group. This will not look good to the fairy queen. Persia, please get up and get back in line, right now. We are moving further away from you.”
“I quit.” I slowly stand upright from the dirt and wears my dirty, fluffy fairy gown on top of my fairy wave, stepping off into the dirt, retracting my wave back into my gem stone with a loud slurp.
I move ahead, stop, and then slap the rump of Komilly. The unicorn rears her front legs upright in the air and drops down onto the dirt, galloping away from Persia, racing over the hill and disappears.
Persia’s mom frowns at the sight of her unicorn-less daughter, saying with a stern voice into the gem stone. “Persia!”
I stand in place and rise both arms in the air with a sour frown, swinging away from my mom and the prancing line of beasties. “No, Mother! I quit! I’m not riding on the unicorn in my fancy fairy farting dress. I’m dirty. I’m sore. I’m tired. No, I’m going and walking with Britton.” I drop both of my hands and slap my dress, slowly moving ahead towards the entrance door at the school building. shouting out loud back to my mom. “I wanna walk in the farting fairy parade.”
At 09:19 am, I miss the entrance door and stroll around the corner on the school building and then stop with a smile.
In front of the porch, on top of the flat dirt, a short, king-sized fairy mentor displays a tone of pale tinted skin, a smooth bald head, and a pair of blue eyes. He sits inside a wooden dining room chair next to a small wooden table which is covered in a blue and white tablecloth with a smile.
The tablecloth is patched with black swatches of fabric from tears and rips. The dining room chair shows different shadings of walnut wood from his body rubbing pose on the elderly body parts.
On top of the small table, a black tinted tea kettle heats over a fire of burning red and orange coals. Behind the tea kettle, there is a non-matching china bone sugar bowl in orange and green hue and a non-matching pink and white tinted creamer jug. A set of non-matching solid colored cloth napkins in orange, red, white, and beige are horizontal displayed inside a napkin holder. He raises a repaired teacup in turquoise and black colors on top of a non-matching saucer in yellow and red hue, slowly stirring the spoon in the heated tea. He and all the items are posed on top of his shimmery, burgundy colored, flat, smooth fairy wave, staring down at the semi-crooked rows of marchers. He smiles down into his wrist watch gem stone. “This is the Walker Class or the marchers for the fairy queen coronation parade. I am Mentor Faddey for the actually event and the numerous rehearsal practices. We will march down the road and then come back on our feet, using your sandals soles or your boot heels. You are not a surfer, who flies overhead. You are not a rider, who rides overhead. You are a marcher, who marches ahead…”
I swiftly charge ahead with a laugh toward a semi-huddle of fairies, elbowing my way through the crowd, slamming into the back spine on Britton. I pull back with a nod and a smile. “Hey!”
“What!” Britton shuffles forward with a sneer and then spins around with a growl. “Hey!” He gasps at his fairy girl. “Persia! What are you doing here? Why are you here, Persia?”
I flip my dirty and grass stained covered hand near my smile, dropping both of my arms behind my sore fanny, swaying side to side with a giggle to him. “O! I fell off Komilly about thousand and one too many times, making one thousand and two pains on my rear end.”
He frowns. “You can ride a unicorn. I have seen you ride a unicorn very well.”
I nod. “Yeah, I can ride a unicorn with a proper saddle and a set of guiding reins, not on top of my fancy fairy dress.”
He cuddles Persia with a smile and a chuckle. “I’m so glad that you’re here with me.”
“Me, too! I don’t wanna be in the parade without you, darling.” I lean over and tap his cheekbone with my wet kiss in front of the other fairy mentors and adults, without getting in minor trouble. I pull back with a smile.
He swings them around and assumes his pose inside the marcher row, staring at the row of rear skulls ahead of his face while listening for Faddy.
Faddy still sits inside his chair on top of his burgundy fairy wave, still holding the teacup and saucer in his hand, saying with a smile and a nod, speaking into gem stone. “Are you finally in some kind of straight lines, marchers? Good. This is the third day of the parade rehearsal. And we yet have not traversed down the dirty dusty road,” chuckling.
Inside one of the row, one of the fairies laughs into his gem stone. “What road? I see dead grass and deader flowers and dirtier dirt…”
“Where’s the road ahead? Fairies fly a flying coach, not drive a rolling car,” another fairy laughs into her gem stone.
I whisper with a puzzled brow. “Have you not marched down the road yet?”
Britton exhales with a nod. “We’re getting really close, maybe, today. Mentor Faddy is making certain all the lines are perfect.”
I sway my body into his leg with my flirting giggle, getting my fairy farting gown dirtier with the red clay and the dead flower petals.
On top of the fairy wave, Faddy stirs his teacup with a smile and a nod. “We will transverse down the road now and…”
A gray colored ponytailed brownie runs from the open archway, down the smooth part of the broken steps, and then stops, standing below Faddy, tossing both of its two fat arms and wiggling its four fingers in the air, shouting out some type of musical notes.
Faddy looks down with a smile at the tiny brownie. “Ah! It is time for lunch meal. Shoo along, brownie!” He looks up to see the row of standing marchers. “Please, leave here and depart for the banquet room and then listen to Mentor Daffodil for her set of new announcements this afternoon.” The brownie leaves the dirt ground and returns back into the building.
Each straight row of fairies breaks formation. Each fairy scatters around and eventually enters back into the building.
I spin around and tug Britton in the direction on the front porch. “Hey! We can go and get a quick something on the rooftop, before…”
Britton pulls away from Persia with a sour frown and shakes his skull. “Naw! I got some ideas about the marchers and the straighter lines, making our walker section highly impressive to the fairy queen.” He releases Persia and swings around, waving both arms in the air, swiftly dashing ahead towards Faddy.
I stand in the dirt and slowly swing around, staring at the pair of moving boot heels on Britton, wearing a sour frown in defeat, spinning around to face the front porch. I slowly shuffle with the crowd of fairies back into the building, slowly moving out from the hot sunshine and into the cool hallway.
At 11:25 am, I slowly stroll down the familiar semi-dark common hallway without bothering to clean off my black fancy fairy gown, again. The red clay dirt, the grass stains, the red blood stains, the green unicorn hair, and the white unicorn mane hair have all changed and stuck onto the black fabric, creating an assortment of ugly swatches of orange for some dang reason.
I don’t know how or why or care. No fairy wants to have some fun but walk or ride in the silly fairy queen coronation parade.
I rub my gem stone and change back into a pair of faded, ripped, and dirty blue jean, my dirty peach colored short-sleeved tee shirt, and my unpolished pink and green colored cowgirl boots, strolling with a sour frown of defeat, annoyance, and a bad mood.


11:32 pm
Fairy Library
Bench reader and tray setting


I race into the room for my next unfamiliar and exciting fairy tale from the set of ghosts. I don’t understand why the fairy mentors do not lecture about the Fairy War, the set of living ghosts, and the washed away wrecked ships from the year 1604. These true tales are more exciting rather than the silly fairy races.
However, it doesn’t matter. I’m getting a first tongue experience from the ghosts. Ghosts do not have a set of hands, since they are transparent, ya’ll.
I stop and stand inside the open archway with a smile. Captain Robert, Sailor John, and Lady Elizabeth all hover in a row on the front wall in between the floor and the ceiling, glowingly clear transparent as usually.
I move ahead and slide down into a reader-bench, facing the row of ghosts. The filing cabinet of alphabetic letters inside the fairy library illuminates with an array of colors including pink, red, green, yellow, blue, orange, silver, and gold.  I watch the pretty light show.
Captain Robert points down to each reader-table as an array of colors of pink, red, green, yellow, orange, silver and gold cover each white tinted tray. Then a set of the colored pictures glows around the four walls, the ceiling, and the floor.
I rotate my neck muscles with a smile around the room.
He points down to the first photograph on top of the reader-tray with a stern face. “The fairies of Fairyland long ago had lived inside enclosed dark and damp caves like cave men and women…”
I jab numerous fingernails at a couple of walls and the two of the reader-trays, saying with a giggle and a grin. “Wait a second! How are you able to do this thing on each wall, the ceiling, the floor, and all three reader-trays, sir? I see hundreds of still photographs of fairies and more fairies and blue water, and hundreds of wooden ships.”
He nods to Persia and extends both arms in the air. “The fairy library contains all the memories from each dead fairy in the format of their individually colored gem stone, fairy Persia. The array of alphabetic letters on each wall are meant to confuse a young fairy mind. However, I have studied each individually colored gem stone from a dead fairy for centuries. May I precede, fairy Persia?”
I return back to him and nod with a smile like a judge. Of course, Fairyland does not have a judge or a jury, only the short and fat fairy queen. “Please, precede, Captain Robert!”
He points down at the reader-table. “This is a set of photographs...”
“There is a recording of an event from a fairy memory.” I gasp with shock and look up to see Robert. “Is the recording from a dead fairy? Who is the dead fairy?”
He shakes his curls. “No. This recording of the event comes from me. I was once living in human form...”
“Naw!” I gasp with shock. “Any type of single recording memory from a human is impossible here within the fairy library archives.”
Lady Elizabeth smiles. “You are correct.”
Captain Robert nods. “We had wrecked each sea ship along the tall, jagged rocks, while we had been exploring the new lands. We came from the time period of 1604. The same date the fairy school building was erected. In the year 1604, we sailed across the blue ocean waters, landing in mysterious Fairyland, an island. Most of my sailing crew drowned from the wicked waves, which are called tidal bores. A tidal bore is a large surge component of a tidal wave. When the sand blocks the flow of ocean water, it becomes a tidal bore. The numerous tidal bores come and arrive every night fall, flooding the landscape. This is the reason for the nightly flood waters, foaming underneath the fairy school building.”
Sailor John says. “Our wrecked sailing ships were beyond our and any hand-made repair. We ventured over the shoreline, walking for days and camping at nights. Then, we came across the colony of fairies. The fairies were barely above any known primitive species at best. There were no tools, until you count the bones of animals as one unit. So, we build the fairies the first sets of wooden houses.”
I giggle. “Ah! You used and abused all the poor trees on Fairyland. There’re hardly any trees left for the birds today.”
Lady Elizabeth shakes her curls. “There were no trees in the year 1604, only sand and rock and water.”
I gasp. “Where did the wooden planks come from?”
Sailor John touches the temple with a nod. “Think, fairy kid! All sailing ships were made from wood products, such like, shade trees and tree bark, too.”
I gasp. “The school contains ugly and non-repaired wooden furniture. So, did all of the furniture pieces here at the fairy school come from the wood of each wreaked sailing ship?”
Lady Elizabeth nods, “Everything came from the wood that had been built from the set of wrecked sailing ships, fairy Persia.”
I nod with a grin. “Okay! I got it. What else?”
Sailor John nods. “Both the fairies and the humans worked together and used nails to put together the wood for the walls and staircases. Nails come from steel. Steel comes from iron ore.”
I gasp with a nod. “Iron is poison to fairies.”
“Right, fairy Persia.” Sailor John nods. “When we completed Fairy Academy, the nails poisoned hundreds of the fairies, entering the building structure.”
I gasp with a nod. “What! But, that’s not your fault. You didn’t know that the earth mineral of iron ore would kill a fairy.”
“That’s what we argued also.” Sailor John nod with a grin.
I exhale. “Okay. So, the iron ore possessed or pressed in each nail inside each wooden plank poisoned some fairies. So, my question is posed here, why did you stay and aid the ungrateful group of fairies, after you landed here on the sea shoreline of Fairyland? You could see that the shore line and landscape were different from your homeland. Right? Right! So, why didn’t you leave out and be gone from Fairyland by another means like a canoe or a smaller sail boat, foreverly?”
Captain Robert growls. “The ungrateful fairies murdered us in cold-blood first, creating a trio of three drifting spirit forms here at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy.”
I gasp in alarm and then hear the words coming out from my gem stone.
Yachel shouts through her gem stone to Persia. “Where are you, Persia? Whatever! Come outta of hiddy hole and get going to the banquet room, Persia! It’s time for some food.”
I continue to stare at Captain Robert and lift my palm gem stone into my lips with a whisper. “Okay.” I slowly stand and continue to stare at trio of ghosts. Each ghost continues to hover against the forward wall and stares back at Persia in silence.
I scoot out from the reader-bench and slowly back step from the row of three reader-tables with an array of colorful photographs staring back at me and then slowly shuffle towards the open archway, staring at the trio of ghosts.
I exit the fairy library.
At 11:55 am, I spin around and slowly move down the side hallway towards the common hallway with the row of ugly fairy queen portraits, shaking my curls, whispering for my eardrums only. “I don’t believe the trio of ghosts. They’re stuck here living foreverly inside the Fairy Academy, until whenever. The ghosts all lie to the fairies. Fairies always tell the truth.”
At 12:03 pm, I rub my gem stone over my sweaty face and my dirty hands, wearing my dirty smelly jeans, feeling both confused and angry at the trio of ghosts.
I had lounged inside the fairy library, getting away from my parents, who never had found out my secret hangout for the past three days. However, the mean ghosts had enjoyed teasing and taunting me for some strange reason.
I turn the wall corner and pace down the hallway with the other fairies, washing the horrible thoughts of three cold blood murders from my active mind and concentrate on the current event, affecting my current body, consisting of my blood and ground dirt mud. And I hope I become exempted from the fun fairy race this afternoon after stinky up the room with my bad body odor.
Inside the banquet room during the lunchtime meal, I move ahead and stop, standing at an occupied table with my parents, my bestest friend Yachel, my worsest foe Apella, and her parents. Yachel or I always hold an empty seat for each other.
Yachel’s parents are always late coming into the banquet room, sitting inside the wall corner, eating without their daughter.
Apella and her parents continue to eat and chat with each other.
Since I had won my fun fairy race, I had not been required to clean up pookie piles yet. 
However, this is only the third day of non-academic courses at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy.
On top of the elevated platform, Daffodil stands and smiles. “Welcome to lunch, fairies.”
I slide down into an empty chair between my parents, tapping my elbows on the patched tablecloth like a rude child. I eat the good food, using the bent and broken fork and spoon plus my clean fingers, before each housefly comes and attacks everything. All the physical exercise is making my stomach really hungry. Or all the fury of silly events is making my mind really hungry.
Daffodil continues to stand on top of the platform, raising her arms in the air, saying with a smile into her gem stone. “There will be no more winged steeds, racing in the skyline on top of a draft or a duchess horse today. There will no more ding-ding horse races on the dirt ground either. The coach racing will not be a selection today due to the extreme number of damaged coaches. The musicians have played tooted out both their breath and guts. The beasties are beat also. They’re resting from the two day exhaustive activities. So, we have an enchantment war.”
Within the audience of tables, one of the fairies laughs into her gem stone. “Enchantment wars, yeah. I’m in.”
“Why not a fairy lore quiz, too?” Another fairy smiles into his gem stone.
On top of the elevated stage platform, Daffodil releases out her bright yellow fairy beam, covering one wall and the ceiling. “There is a surfing wave race repeat which is shown with numerous gray boxes along the ceiling. The race will be performed outside along the southern grounds. I know, if you are forced to select a gray box during the vicious flying rays of color and then land inside the surfing wave for a second time, then I will allow you to replace into one of the first gray boxes of the enchantment wars, which is shown along the single wall on the southern side of the room. The enchantment race will be held inside the school, located in the auditorium today.” Some of the fairies sound with a moan. Some of the fairies sound with a series of cheers.
At my eating table, I lean over with a moan and a whisper into the cheekbone on my mom. “I wanna go surfing again.”
The mom of Persia swiftly stands upright from the seat with a smirk and aims her necklace gem stone at the side wall. “Nonsense! Yachel is too good at surfing on her wave, slamming her fist into the piles of hard rock. You only exhibit a single fingernail which is too soft for breaking hard objects. I will acquire you a gray box inside the enchantment wars…”
“It is called an enchantment race, Mother!” I continue to sit and chew the food, eye rolling with a sour frown.
The mom of Persia shoves her daughter from the table with a sneer. “Get down now and underneath the table for safety, Persia! This round of discharge firing will be a real battle for the ugly boxes.”
“Ugly battle,” I slide down on the floor and hide underneath the table in fear and annoyance. I don’t want my hair roots burned by a straying gem stone ray. Yachel drops next to Persia, eating in silence. I shake my curls with a whisper. “Here, we go, again!”
Daffodil slides off the platform and squats down in the wall corner out of the firing range, saying with a giggle into her gem stone. “Every fairy knows what to do. Go!”
Numerous colorful gem stone fairy waves hit the wall, battling for the precious limited gray boxes. Some of the rays are deflected and bounced over the floor or hit the ceiling.
Underneath the table, I watch the colored fairy waves bounce around the room. The mom of Persia ducks further down on the floor from an incoming fuchsia tinted fairy wave, smashing her face into the tall stool with a sneer. The fuchsia fairy wave overtakes one of the remaining gray boxes on the wall for the enchantment race. The colored rays fill up the remaining gray boxes in glowing pretty hues.
Daffodil continues to squat inside the wall corner and screams into the gem stone. “Stop the rays! The gray boxes are filled. You did a very good job, fairy adults. So, let’s see what racing teams are paired for the fun fairy race, this afternoon. I’ll view my gem stone for the first team from the surfing race. It is fairy …”
I clap with amusement at my mom’s bad luck and then gasp in shock. My mom missed one of the gray boxes. I lean over with a whisper into the cheekbone on Yachel. “Who’s going to be my challenger?”
Yachel gasps in alarm and scans the ceiling and each wall, sitting on the floor underneath the tall table next to Persia with a whisper. “I didn’t know. You didn’t make it into a gray box. I don’t see your mom’s apricot ray anywhere. Or your dad’s light brown wave color either along the ceiling or the wall. She missed one.”
I gasp with panic. “O no! Who do I compete against, this race?”
Yachel frowns with worry. “And who do I compete against one of the Fifth Class fairy mates, maybe? Geez! I hope not I can’t compete with the older teens.”
Daffodil looks down and reads her gem stone, “How interesting! The surfing wave boxes all filled up first, before the array of boxes inside the enchantment race. I wonder why that is,” she giggles.
Some of the fairies sound with a moan. The other fairies produce a series of laughter.
Daffodil reads out loud from her gem stone. “We will move to the first race team of the enchantment race.” The fairies sound with a series of boos or cheers. She continues. “The salmon pink tinted gem stone wave glows inside the first gray box belonging to Piredat’s mama. Who is fairy opponent of fairy prince Piredat?”
Piredat’s mom is a tall and overweight adult fairy with a tone pale tinted skin, a head of blonde colored hair, and a pair of blue eyes, slowly standing upright from her chair, pointing with a smile to the teen, “My fairy prince son Piredat will compete against his classmate Fitscut.”
Daffodil nods. “Piredat and Fitscut are excused from the meal time and may leave the banquet room, getting prepared for your fun fairy bout. The enchantment race will be held in the auditorium under the guidance of Mentor Oviv.”
On the front row of tables, Oviv swiftly stands upright from the chair and swings around, leaving the room without fanfare. The two teen male fairies slowly follow behind her and fist-bump with laughter, strolling out the open archway.
On top of the platform, Daffodil reads out loud from her gem stone. “The second gray box holds a gem stone color of pine green hue coming from Memecap’s dad. Who is your fairy princess daughter’s opponent in the enchantment race?”
Memecap’s dad has a body of average height and weight with a head of red colored hair, a tone of dark tinted skin, and pair of green eyes. He slowly stands upright from the chair with a smile and a nod, patting his daughter down on her collar bone. “Teen Fabbrai and my fairy princess Memecap will compete in the enchantment race, today.”
Daffodil reads out loud from her gem stone. “You may leave the room also. The third gray box glows with a pretty fuchsia colored gem stone wave.”
Yachel gasps in horror and gently slaps Persia on the arm. “Persia!”
Daffodil gasps in alarm and then frowns. “The fuchsia colored fairy wave belongs to Yachel’s mom. I must compliment you on a very good ray duel, madam. I do believe we know the opponent of teen Yachel’s enchantment race.”
Yachel’s mom stands in the wall corner with a smile and cuddles with her husband, nodding to Daffodil. “Persia and Yachel are together again.” Some of the fairies sound with a series of cheers and claps. Some of the fairies sound with a series of boos and hisses.
Yachel carefully pulls Persia off the floor and then slowly stands in front of the table, exhaling with worry, spinning around with a hand wave to her parents. She leans over and whispers to Persia, “Let’s go and practice our enchantment charms before our dual, Persia.” She swiftly dashes ahead and exits the banquet room with worry.
On top of the stage, Daffodil smiles. “Each teen fairy may leave the room at any time, preferable now, in preparation for your upcoming enchantment race. The fourth gray box is …”
I continue to stand and stare at Daffodil, exhaling with annoyance at another silly fairy race as a warm hand catches my fairy cape. Her mom drags her daughter into her parted lips while bad breathing into the cheekbone on Persia. “You will compete and win, alone, today. There will not be a tie, young fairy princess. The other fairies are getting the impression that you can’t perform any fairy magic, Persia. You and Yachel are equal…”
“We are both equal and talented friends and fairies, to boot.” I jerk my cape from her hand with a sneer and stroll away from my parents, exiting the banquet room.
The parents of Persia spin around and gasp in shock at the fairy behavior of their teenager.
I race down an empty semi-dark hallway and bump into Yachel, cuddling into her space, whispering with worry. “What is an enchantment war? I’ll never heard of one.” Yachel’s mom had selected me as the new opponent, not the enemy for some reason.
Yachel exhales with worry. “You pick out a fairy charm and then use it on me. Then I have to defeat myself against it.”
I exhale with worry. “Good! I’m lousy at the fairy charms. You’re great.”
Yachel giggles, “One of us has to win this time, darling.”
I look down with a worried brow to see the pothole in the floor. “O yeah!” 
The mom of Persia exits the banquet room and elbows a pathway through the crowd of fairies, sneering into gem stone. “Persia, come back here.”
I race ahead with Yachel down the common hallway and enter the auditorium for the new silly fairy race.


01:08 pm
Gem classroom
Auditorium setting
Outside bright sunlight and light windy breeze


I dash underneath the dark tunnel and then halt, slowly scooting into one row of side bleachers. The bleachers are slowly filling up with the fairies. The room is labeled as Gem Class, where I am a student of learning, not a competitor of something.
I sit with Yachel on the first row bleacher with the other competing fairies not knowing their individual fairy personality, just their fairy name. They come from First Class. I wiggle side to side and hold my sweet breath, slowly releasing out the air with a puff of nervousness. “How are we going to make the event tie?”
Yachel scans the auditorium and the bleachers with nosily fairies, “Working on it!”
“Work faster!” I scan the auditorium, the teen fairies, and then my hands, exhaling with a puff of more nervousness. I do not want to pick up pookie piles of pony droppings with my parents today or any other night here at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy.
She nods. “I would, if I could. I don’t know which fairy charm we get to share and compete with, which would clue me into how to make our event tie again.” Yachel giggles. “Our purposeful tying is making lots of the fairy teens and adults really mad at us for some dang reason.”
I giggle. “Your statement doesn’t make any sense. But, yeah, and include my fairy parents in that statement for some dang reason too.”
On the side wall of peeling beige paint inside an empty auditorium setting, fairy mentor Oviv stands alone and wears her dark green colored fairy dress, fairy long cape, and her matching tiara, saying with a smile into her matching dark green tinted gem stone on her throat choker. “Welcome to the next leg of the afternoon fairy races, enchantment! The first racing team consists of fairy princes Fitscut and Piredat from First Class. Come on up here with me, boys! Please, stand beside me. I must first explain the new really weird rules.” Both tall males stand from the first bleacher row and slowly advance ahead towards Oviv without fanfare.
Each one spins around and stands beside her long dress, wearing a smile to the audience of cheering fairies.
Oviv smiles into her gem stone and stares at the bleachers of cheering fairies. “Be quiet! I must have silence in here right now. I must explain the rules to the two competitors. Or each one of you will become my new competition,” The audience produces a series of gasps and then total silence. She nods with a smile to the audience. “This is the enchantment race. However, in a historical race, the first fairy to cross a solid non-broken horizontal line wins the event. But, a set of fairy charms does not contain a visual set of pretty familiar geometric shapes, such like, a round circle or a long line. A fairy charm is a set of vocal words, producing a set of physical actions.
“So, we have created a race, where the first fairy to utter the correct fairy charm activates the proper physical fairy action, which in turn, the fairy action will determine the winner of the match. Therefore, you must be patient and listen for the fairy charm, before you can perform the set of fairy actions.”
The other fairies sit in the bleachers turn and mumble quietly to each other.
Oviv grins. “Yes, this is a confusion of jumbled words coming from my parted lips into your gem stone. Therefore, I will show you a short demonstration instead.” She touches her gem stone on the throat choker and releases out her dark green tinted fairy wave.
Her fairy wave slams into the forward wall of peeling dull beige paint that faces the bleachers and the sitting fairies, busting off more pieces of the wood. The plaster droppings hit down on top of the ugly white carpet. Within her fairy wave, four individual mists of dark green hue appear and stand in front of the wall. Then Oviv retracts her fairy wave back into her gem stone with a soft slurp.
The four individual mists of dark green hue morph into an outline of a solid upright figure. Two of the upright figures appear like a pair of fairy males wearing a sheet of green for the skull, without any hair strands. There are two yellow tinted scary eyeballs, without an eyelid. There is a black colored outline of a mouth, two bowed arms, two fat hands, a chest torso, two hips, two legs, and two feet. Then the dark green tinted male doll magical materializes with a set of clothing items, wearing a black tinted sports jacket, without a shirt, a pair of pale blue jeans, and a pair of cowboy boots colored in bright red.
The other two upright figures appear similar to a fairy female wearing a sheet of green that represents a head of long black hair on the skull, two yellow tinted eyeballs, without a pair of eyelashes. The female outline has two arms, two hands and a chest torso with two breasts. There are two hips, two legs, and two feet. The green colored female doll wears a short dress in bright orange hue with a pair of red colored sandals, showing off her two green colored feet with a set of ten toes.
On the side wall, Oviv chuckles into her gem stone. “This is an enchantment doll for each fairy male or female for a dance.” The other fairies gasp. She nods at each newly created fairy wave doll. “Yes! Your eardrums heard me correctly. Each racer will dance with one of the enchantment dolls. Each enchantment doll has been built with a sequence of random fairy charms from fixing your hair to popping a colonel of popcorn.”
On the first row bleacher, I elbow and lean with a smile and a whisper into Yachel. “We did that in enchantment class. Do you remember that event, Yachel? Then we ate all the popcorn colonels, not wanting any food for our suppertime meal. That was really fun in our Fifth Class.”
Yachel frowns at the four enchantment dolls, “Yeah, I vividly remember that food event. The new rules are making it very difficult for us to end this silly enchantment race in a tie, Persia. I don’t know what our particular fairy charm will become ahead of time, coming up with an equal solution for us to end in a tie again.”
I exhale with a sour frown. “Yeah, it is.”
Oviv reaches out and pats the arm of each racer, saying with a smile and a nod to the audience. “Now, each racer will grab an enchantment doll and start dancing over the entire floor space here in the auditorium, if need be. I would suggest a cheek-to-cheek dance move with your enchantment doll, so you can hear the fairy charm coming from her or his open mouth. The enchantment doll will whisper the fairy charm into your ear or your face or your nose hole, whichever is available as you dance.” She giggles. “Then, you should act pretty darn fast, sir. Because the fairy charm is scheduled to be whispered at the same time into the other racer’s face too. Then the first racer to properly act upon the correct fairy charm words and then do something physical to the other racer will be determined the winner of the match. Do the rules and the actions make sense? Good! Do you have any questions, comments, or complaints? No! Excellent!”
“Yes, mama! I do.” Fitscut clears his throat with nervousness, looking at the row of fairy wave dolls. “I got tons of questions, Mentor Oviv. When will the secret fairy charm be whispered into my face? How do I perform a fairy charm with a life-size girly doll in my arms or near my face? What happens, if I lose? Do I grow a long, green colored, pointy fairy tale like Fourth Class fairy butthole Hadwin did during that cruel, truel duel stage last year?” The other fairies sound with a series of chuckles and associated head nods.
On the top row in the bleachers, Hadwin swiftly stands upright with a sneer and tosses his fist in the air at the teen, growling into his gem stone for all eardrums to hear also. “Hey, ya hairy fairy buttonhole, please, come over here and say that to my face, non-buddy!”
On top of the floor, Oviv turns and smiles at Hadwin. “Sit down, Hadwin!” She exhales with a nod. “This is the mystic of the race, only the enchantment doll knows for sure. I designed the fairy doll. Mentor Kaapo programmed the fairy charms. And Mentor Daffodil created the dance sequence. You could be dancing with the doll for five seconds. Then the fairy charm will be revealed into your face. Then you must act first or suffer the consequences from the other racer as first shooter. Or you and doll could be dancing for five minutes. Then she will whisper the fairy charm into her nose holes. You will not grow a long, green tinted, pointy fairy tale like another fairy teen that will not be mentioned here,” she laughs with the other fairies.
She exhales with a nod. “If you lose, then you will become the victim with one nasty fairy charm from the victor.” She laughs. “Then, you and your fairy family got to pick up a new set of colorful pookie piles from the winged beasties on the northern side of the school building…”
“… like last night with Fitscut and his hairy fairy farting parents.” One of the fairies laughs into his gem stone.
Oviv grins. “Does that answer your posed questions, fairy prince?”
Piredat claps with a smile and a nod, staring at the audience. “Yeah, I’m ready. Let’s do this thing now. I wanna dance with the pretty green colored misty girl.” The other fairies sound with a series of claps and cheers.
Oviv touches and releases her dark green tinted fairy wave, hitting a speaker box on the side wall. A slow moving dance song plays from the speaker box for each racer. She smiles. “Go!”
The two males race from Oviv towards the wall of enchantment dolls for a female which is located at each end of the row in between the two green colored male dolls.
Piredat grabs the arm on the enchantment doll with a laugh. The doll smoothly glides off the wall and into his face, wearing an outline of a green smile. Her face shows an outline of two yellow colored really scary eyeballs and a head of long black colored hair. He cuddles and swings his fairy doll side to side, moving with the sound of the musical notes.
Fitscut stops in front of the green colored female enchantment doll with a smile and touches her waist and her collar bone, back stepping from the wall. The fairy doll lifts up from the floor and floats into his hands. He slowly waltzes the doll around the floor as she leans into his face.
The female doll wears a black colored smile and a pair of two yellow colored scary eyeballs with a head of black colored hair like the other fairy wave doll. His doll places her two green hands with a set of four fingers over his collar bone and his waistline, completing the picture of a proper dance waltz.
Piredat separates with a chuckle from his enchantment doll and swings his hips side to side, clapping his hand against his leg and holding her hand with his free hand, having a good dance time. The doll stands but does not move. She has been programmed to slowly perform a dance waltz across the floor, not execute a set of fast-paced dance moves.
“No, dumbo fairy! Piredat, you need to stay closer to the fairy doll, dummy. She’s going to whisper the fairy charm word into your nose holes, not your butthole.” One of the fairies laughs into his gem stone.
On the first row of bleachers, I gasp in alarm and watch in horror. “He’s right. I don’t know this teen Piredat. I’ve seen him around the school. He’s going to miss the fairy charm word and then…”
Piredat stops his wild dancing and looks down at his golden wrist watch that holds his gem stone with a confused brow, holding the fairy wave doll with one hand. “What did you say, man? I can’t hear over the loud music.”
Fitscut slowly dances around the floor and holds the doll like he is going to kiss her lips. Then, the doll retracts her black colored smile and moves her lips, whispering the fairy charm into his smile. Then the green tinted fairy doll disintegrates between his two palms, morphing back into a new vertical smooth green fairy wave.
The vertical dark green wave quickly travels back to Oviv, sucking into her gem stone with a loud slurp. She pats her stone with a giggle on her throat. The physical patched and torn short orange colored dance dress and the pair of two red tinted sandals covering the enchantment doll falls down on the floor with a thud.
Fitscut gasps in shock and smirks down at the floor.
The green colored enchantment doll that stands a few feet from Piredat also quickly disintegrates into a second smooth dark green fairy wave which soars back into the gem stone on Mentor Oviv with a loud slurp too. The enchantment doll’s physical clothes of similar color and style land on the floor in a pile with a slight thud.
Inside the row of bleachers, the other fairies gasp with shock.
On top of the auditorium floor, Piredat looks down at the grounded doll clothes on the floor and then gasps in alarm, swinging around with a puzzled brow to see his fellow fairies inside the bleachers. The other fairies swiftly stand upright from seat and wear a puzzled brow, producing a series of cheers and boos, pointing at Fitscut.
Fitscut spins around and faces the opponent, lifting up his golden tinted wrist watch near his chest and releases out his periwinkle blue tinted fairy wave at Piredat, saying the secret fairy charm. “Rippa, Jimbo.” His wave hits Piredat on the upper torso.
Piredat feels the sting and shock from the periwinkle blue fairy wave. The wave touches his tee shirt, his short fairy cape, and his leather belt. Then, a periwinkle blue wave tornado rips the three items from his body, not harming the fairy for the fun competition. Piredat continues to stand in the middle of the auditorium floor without his taupe brown tee shirt, his matching fairy cape, and his leather belt. The belt contains his glittering gem stone in taupe brown that is housed inside a golden buckle shell that accesses the fairy powers coming inside to outside.
On the first row bleacher, I gasp with shock and slap my hand over my giggles. “O no! He’s missing his shirt and cape and belt buckle. He’s semi-naked out there.”
Yachel jabs a finger with a grin and a giggle at Piredat. “He is really lucky that powerful First Class fairy wave tornado didn’t rip off his jeans and underwear too. This particular fairy charm is very effective. When the gem stone fairy wave actually touches the object, it rips off each object like your shirt or your sandals. And Fitscut has stolen the gem stone belt buckle his fun and Piredat’s defeat. A fairy never, ever loses their gem stone or foreverly.” The other fairies sound with a series of laughs and giggles, pointing at poor semi-naked Piredat.
Piredat screams out loud like a girl and slaps his naked chest with his fists, wearing a sad face. “My shirt! My cape! My gem stone! Hey, tornado! Come back here with my clothes, you or it or wave.” He chases after the periwinkle blue tornado wave that captures his clothing items. The periwinkle blue fairy wave runs through the dark tunnel, out the auditorium space, and into the semi-dark common hallway.
Inside the auditorium, the other fairies continue to stand and sound with a series of claps and laughs for winner Fitscut.
In the middle of the floor, fairy prince Fitscut raises his arms in the air with a smile and a nod, retracting his periwinkle blue fairy wave from the hallway, sucking it back into his wrist watch gem stone with a loud slurp. His fairy wave had soared into the hallway and dumped the set of stolen clothes off Piredat down on the floor, which was part of the fairy charm.
Inside the common hallway, Piredat quickly re-dresses his semi-naked body with a sneer and a snarl for some personally violent later in the evening, after picking up all of pony pookie piles, after the suppertime meal.
On the side wall, inside the auditorium, Oviv continues to stand and laughs out loud. “That is not how it is done, fairy Piredat.”
On the first row of bleachers, I smile at Fitscut. “What’s does that fairy charm mean? I’ve never heard it before.”
Yachel grins. “We’re supposed to learn it this year, if academic classes ever re-start after this stupid-o parade stuff. The first word is the verb. Rippa or rip or steal or gotcha. The second word is the object. In this case, the word ‘jimbo’ is representative of the male.”
I giggle. “O boy.”
“In our case, the word ‘jimboe’ is representative of the female.”
I giggle. “O girl.”
Yachel nods. “Both the words jimbo and jimboe are untamed greatness, representing the silly idiot, standing on the other side of the room like semi-naked fart Piredat. Jimbo is a male fairy that rushes into something and regrets what he did.”
I exhale. “O dear!”
Yachel nods. “O dear!”
On the side wall, Oviv grins and speaks into her gem stone. “Fairy prince Fitscut has won the first enchantment race of the day. His family will not be picking up the pails of colorful pookie pony patties this evening. However, I can’t say the same comment about fairy prince Piredat. What have we learned here? Start your dance with the enchantment fairy wave doll immediately. My dark green tinted fairy wave doll could whisper the fairy charm immediately too. You must be vigilance, alert, aware, and ready, fairies. What else have we learned here? The fairy wave doll will disintegrate within your arms, since the doll is not part of your gem stone wave but mine. And the fairy wave doll cannot be in your firing range either. When the doll disintegrates, you fire off the secret fairy charm on your opponent immediately. Or you will lose the race. That was really fun, ya’ll. The next racing team is also from Third Class. Please, come and stand beside me, princess fairies Memecap and Fabbrai.”
The two girls slide off the first bleacher row, dash ahead, and stop beside Oviv facing the bleachers of cheering fairies.
Memecap is a short fairy princess with a head of long blonde colored hair, a tone of dark tinted skin, and a pair of green eyes.
Fabbrai is a tall fairy princess teen with a head of short black colored hair, a tone of pale tinted skin, and a pair of blue eyes.
Oviv smiles and speaks into her gem stone. “I believe that the enchantment race instructions are very clear and very successful. The slow dance music continues to play over the speaker box. Go, fairy princesses.”
Memecap runs and stops in front the closest fairy wave male enchantment doll first, touching his green arm. The doll touches her collar bone and his waistline with his green hands for a dancing waltz, lifting up from the floor, departing from the real dull peeling auditorium wall. She leans into the doll near his fake chin and as she is shorter than the taller doll while patiently waiting to hear his secret fairy charm.
Fabbrai dashes ahead without stopping, slamming into the second fairy wave male enchantment doll, laughing out loud with amusement. The fairy wave doll is strong without hitting the wall. Fabbrai wraps her arms around the neck of the doll as she is taller, slowly back stepping from the wall and slowly spins them in a circle over the floor. She watches his black colored smile, looking for his lip movement that will form the secret fairy charm.
The slow dance musical notes continue to play out loud in the room as the two fairy couple slowly waltz around the holes in the carpet. The other fairies sit quietly inside the bleachers watching and waiting for the upcoming fairy girl action.
On the first row bleacher, I clear my dry throat and lean over with a whisper into the cheekbone on Yachel, staring at the dancers. “I’m not going to be mad when you win the race. I didn’t know lots of the enchantment words. I am going to lose.”
Yachel exhales with worry and stares at the dancers. “You never study, Persia.”
I look down with a sour frown to see my hands with a whisper. “I know. And I’ll be paying the price nasty and shortly. We’re the next scheduled team for the enchantment race. Too bad! Your mom’s a very good shot with her fairy wave.”
Yachel giggles. “I know. I didn’t realize she was so good with her firing ray better than my dad.”
I exhale with worry. “My mom is not going to like picking up pony patties this evening.” I look up and back over my collar bone, seeing the bright apricot colored hemline dress on my mom within the bleacher seats. I exhale with a puff of annoyance and return back to see the dancers. Each couple slowly dances around the dirty carpet holes as the musical notes continue to play really slower.
Yachel nods. “My mom wouldn’t…” she gasps. “Wait! We can still tie up the enchantment race,” she chuckles.
I frown. “How!”
Yachel leans over with a whisper and a smile to Persia. “Look! We don’t need to know the fairy charm. When the doll disintegrates, it signals to everyone that the secret fairy charm has been mumbled into your face. So, do not fire at me, but create a protection shield over your body. I’ll fire at you. Then, we just keep firing and missing at each other. Then, after a while, Oviv has to declare a tie, as long as, one of us hasn’t gotta naked or slimed or burned or whatever.”
I whisper. “You fire at me. Why can’t I fire at you?”
She frowns. “Really!”
I frown. “Okay! All right! You fire at me first as the bestest fairy shooter among us. But, my protection shield only covers me from my boot toes up to my waist.”
“I know that. You know that. But Oviv doesn’t know that. I don’t see the anonymous third-party judges standing around in here, either, because the result of the fairy charm is the finale act of the race.”
“I can’t walk much less run in my protection shield, covering both feet and legs.” I exhale with worry. “This is cheating, Yachel.”
She frowns. “Do you really wanna pick up colorful baby blue, mint green, candy pink, and pale yellow pookie piles this evening or tomorrow evening or the evening after that?”
“Naw.”
“Naw, twice!” Yachel exhales. “Okay! Form a fairy umbrella shield from your kneecaps up to your waistline or higher, if you can from my deadly ray.” She giggles. “Anyways, when the doll disappears, don’t fire at me, but zap at my pale blue protection shield. I’ll dance around you both firing and missing at your magenta protection shield. You dance around me both firing and missing at my protection shield. We have the advantage of the race being best friends and not wanting to pick up pony turds, tonight.”
I exhale. “For how long do I keep firing and missing with my wave at you?”
She giggles. “However long it takes to annoy Oviv and get us tied again, again, again. I ain’t got nothing better to do but annoy my parents, later tonight. Yes, they annoy me, too, with their blab, blab, silly banter. So, I don’t mind annoying Oviv instead along with the other silly fairy mentors, performing some overtime on my penned up mixed wickedly teenly emotions.”
I giggle, “Okay! I got it. My wickedly teenly emotions are doing some overtime too.”
The fairy wave male enchantment doll retracts his black smile, forming a set of moving lips. Fabbrai gasps in shock and leans into his open mouth, hearing the secret fairy charm. Then her fairy wave doll disintegrates as its physical clothes fall down over the floor with a thud.
Memecap gasps in alarm and hears the secret fairy charm too as her fairy wave male doll disintegrates within her arms. She swings around and around, looking and finding Fabbrai with a smirk and lifts her bracelet.
“Curlette hairbo!” Fabbrai aims and fires her coral colored fairy wave first from her matching gem stone inside her golden tinted necklace with a wicked grin. The other fairies gasp.
The coral fairy wave hits Memecap on her rear skull. Then her long blonde hair starts to rise and dance in the air from her collar bone, her forehead, her earlobes and her skull. Memecap screams with shock, touching her skull, spinning in a series of ballet circles. Her hair folds into numerous blonde long strands. Then, the long hair strands twist into short blonde curls. The short curls stand on top of her blonde skull, bouncing up and down. And then the blonde short curls dance back and forth with the fairy magic of Fabbrai.
All the other fairies sound with a series of giggles and laughs.
Memecap screams in fear and dashes out from the auditorium as her blonde tight curls drag behind her skull.
The other fairies sound with a series of claps and laughs again.
On the first row bleacher, I stand and shake my curls with a sour frown, crossing her arms without cheering for the winner. “That’s a really mean fairy charm to perform on her.”
Yachel stands beside Persia and claps for the winner. “Look. I don’t like the race thingy. But it’s more fun than practicing the parade song. I’m sick of that song. I can hum it in my sleep. But we’re supposed to be learning to be the ‘bestest’ fairy in Fairyland. Fairy princess Memecap should have applied her own counter fairy charm, stopping the fairy curse of curls.” She giggles. “That’s hard to say. The fairy curse of curls. The fairy curse of curls, that particular fairy charm is used to curl your hair. But the charm is strictly limited to a few thick hair strands, not your entire hair roots like poor Memecap is experiencing.”
I view the exit archway in the auditorium, where Memecap has run out the door. “When does it terminate for Memecap?”
“All fairy charms terminate in twenty-four hours from the first zap of the gem stone ray.”
I frown and view Yachel. “I thought a fairy couldn’t zap a fairy charm on another fairy.”
She nods. “Normally, the answer is yes. But, these are very common fairy charms to improve your fairy appearance for some dang reason which are usually used by the tender gem stone wave of your loving mama or your sweet grandmother, not a silly untrained teen fairy for her evil revenge.”
I nod. “O, bad for me!”
“O, good for us!” Yachel whispers. “We’re next. Let go and give them a good horse show, darling.”
Oviv grins and speaks into her gem stone. “Fairy princess Fabbrai is the winner of the second enchantment race. Memecap and her family will be busy tonight on the southern lawn. Let’s move along here! The next race team is fairy princesses Persia and Yachel. Come up here, girls!”
I continue to stand and exhale with worry, sliding off the bleacher, slowly strolling beside Yachel. She and I split and park in between Oviv and then perform a hand wave to the bleachers of cheering fairies.
Oviv leans over with a whisper to Persia. “Persia, you must fire first. Or you will lose the enchantment race today. Your parents will be very upset and then your family will be picking up pookie piles. I promise.”
“Yes, ma’am.” I look down with a sour frown to see the dirty holes down in the carpet.
Oviv shoves Persia towards the side wall first with a new row four enchantment fairy wave dolls, two girls and two boys. “Go!”
The slow dance music continues to play out loud inside the auditorium.
I dash ahead and leap over each dirty hole on the carpet for fun, slamming into the soft male enchantment doll, wrapping both of my arms around his neck with a giggle. I slowly drag the fairy wave doll into the middle of the floor and lean into his tight bubbly chest, hiding my wicked smirk expression with our secret mission.
Yachel runs to the fairy wave male doll, touching and dragging it from the wall. She wraps both her arms around the neck of doll, slowly gliding it across the dirty floor with a smile and a giggle with their secret fairy mission.
The slow dance music continues to play.
I hear the mumblings of the other fairies inside the bleachers and dart my eyelashes to the crowd of fairies, seeing my parents.
Her parents sit near the end, staring at Persia.
I slowly spin around and around, waiting for the whisper of the secret fairy charm.
Yachel slowly swings around and around too and waits also.
The fairy wave male enchantment doll slowly shifts his black tinted lips from a smile into a flat line as he whispers the secret fairy charm into Persia’s face. I gasp in shock and whisper, “Risium, uh, pimpleo. Pimples!” I quickly release the doll and slap my face with both my hands, panting with fear.
The dark green fairy wave enchantment doll disintegrates in front of Persia as his physical clothes and his boots fall and land over Persia’s boot toes.
I rub my face, feeling and searching for an ugly red bloated risen pimple or two, when a streak of heated fire hits near my left boot heel and gasp, swinging around with a sneer to my bestest friend in deceit.
Yachel frowns with yell, “Risium pimpleo.” She aims and releases out her pale blue fairy wave at the floor. The floor eats her fairy wave, spitting out tiny chunks of concrete.
I scream out loud in fright and lift up my palm shell, releasing out my magenta fairy wave, “Protectee my knees to waist, Persia!” I create a magenta wave umbrella shielding around my body from my knees up to my waist with my limited fairy magic. Then, I run around the auditorium like a silly idiot as Yachel fires her pale blue ray at me.
I turn and shoot out my magenta ray back at Yachel, yelling the fairy charm into my gem stone. “Risium pimpleo.” My magenta firing ray launches and misses Yachel by three feet like we have secretly planned. I dash around the floor in a semi-circle with a smile and a giggle, staying away from Yachel and her dangerous fairy ray.
On the side wall of peeling paint, Oviv sneers into her gem stone, “Aim and fire at Yachel, Persia!”
I continue to run around the auditorium and leap over each dirty hole with a loud grunt and a soft giggle, swinging around, running backwards and fire my magenta ray at Yachel. I miss, of course, again.
Inside the bleacher stands, the other fairies stand and sound in a series of cheers and claps.
“Get her, Persia!” The mom of Persia stands and flings her arms in the bleachers, shouting into her gem stone.
On the floor, I continue to dash in a large completed circle and fire my magenta ray, missing Yachel, of course. I giggle and form a new circle. Our plan is working.
Inside the bleacher stands, the other fairies sound with a series of boos and hisses.
One fairy growls into her gem stone. “That down there is a fine pair of lousy fairies. Not one female can shoot a straight line from the wall towards the other wall.”
The other fairies sound with a series of boos and hisses.
On the floor, I continue to run and form a wider circle, moving away from a newly discharged pale blue fairy wave. Yachel fries her beam over the carpet hitting near one of my boot heels.
Inside the bleacher stands, the other fairies sound with a series of boos and hisses.
A second fairy sneers into her gem stone. “They’re playing a game. And they’re playing at Oviv. You should fail the both of them, Oviv make them eat the pookie piles, instead of scooping them.”
Inside the bleacher stands, the other fairies sound with a series of boos and hisses.
On the floor, Yachel can hear the set of nasty comments coming from some of the fairies and then stops with a growl, facing the bleachers. She spins around to face Persia, tilting her head to the right.
I run backwards and stare with a confused brow at Yachel. “O! I get it!” I slide to my left and avoid her next pale blue fairy ray and hiss out loud from the burning particles in the air waves.
Inside the bleachers, the other fairies sound with a series of cheers and claps.
I halt and hiss at the crowd of mean fairies, whispering for my eardrums only. “This is supposed to a fun fairy race, ya’ll.”
In the middle of the bleacher seats, the mom of Persia yells into her gem stone. “Get her, Persia! You must win the race.”
“You almost got her, Yachel. Do it again!” A fourth fairy shouts into her gem stone. 
“Someone end this running around in circles. I’m getting dizzy.” A third fairy laughs into her gem stone.
On top of the floor, I spin around and dash ahead towards Yachel.
She and I continue to circle the widest part of the auditorium, staying away from each other’s firing ray.
Yachel steps to the right and stands in front of Persia. I frown with confusion. Yachel is not continuing to race in a completed circle along the floor. She has sidestepped in the opposite direction. I sidestep in the same direction, staying in front of Yachel.
Yachel tilts a chin to the left.
I quickly understand. Yachel wants me to slide in that direction and out of her anticipated gem stone discharge ray. I shift to Yachel’s left and fire my magenta wave at the poor carpet. The carpet fibers swiftly burn with a small fire in red and yellow flames. Yachel’s ray hits the right side on Persia.
Inside the bleacher stands, the other fairies sound with a series of boos and hisses.
One of the fairies jabs a finger down at the floor and sneers into her gem stone. “They’re cheating. They’re playing the rules of the enchantment race.”
On the side wall of peeling beige paint, Oviv frowns and speaks into her gem stone to each teen. “One of you must win today. One of you must zap your ray at the other fairy, now, today.”

Yachel tilts a chin head to the left again. I slide in that direction as her firing pale blue tinted fairy ray hits the wall of peeling beige paint beside fairy mentor Oviv.
Inside the bleacher stands, some of the other fairies sound with a series of claps and cheers. The other fairies sound with a series of boos and hisses.
Oviv gasps in horror and dashes from the burning wall with a sneer at the young teen foe. “Stop the race! Halt the event! Stop moving around the floor!” She stops in the middle of the floor and raises both her arms in the air.
On top of the floor, near the forward wall, I slowly move around the auditorium floor and twist around to see the angry mod of fairies.
In the bleachers, the other fairies stand and waves their arms sounding with a series of boos and hisses.
In the middle of the floor, Yachel halts and spins around, raising her arms in the air, facing the bleachers. She yells into her gem stone to the angry fairies and jabs a finger down to the carpet. “Hey! You come down here with me right now. I’ll burn my ray on your butthole, b…”
“Back down and calm down, all fairies!” Oviv sneers and wears a sour frown into her gem stone. “Please, stop yelling and shouting. We are a group of civilized and peaceful beings,” she presses down her dress with both her hands with a smile and speaks into her gem stone. “I call this enchantment race a tie for fairy princess Persia…”
In the bleacher stands, the other fairies stomp a boot heel and hiss with an air of lips at Oviv.
Oviv nods and speaks into her gem stone. “Each fairy has shown and displayed with not very good accuracy their individual firing rays. Each fairy is currently not showing any signs of the fairy charm…”
One fairy sneers into his gem stone. “Another fairy curse, another fairy fart, another fairy mentor…”
Inside the bleacher stands, the other fairies sound with a series of boos and hisses.
On the forward wall, I race ahead with a sour frown, reach out, and grab Yachel’s arm, flinging her and my arm in the air with our twin victories again, stopping beside Oviv. And we do not pick up the pookie piles tonight either.
Some of the fairies sound with a series of boos and hisses. The other fairies sound with a series of cheers and claps.
In the middle of the floor, Oviv smiles and speaks into her gem stone. “I could allow this particular enchantment race to continue until whenever. However, there are other race teams waiting for their fairy performance. Therefore, it is a tie again for the race team off fairy Persia and Yachel. Please, teens Persia and Yachel, exit the auditorium and maybe the school building,” she turns and sneers at the nose profile on Persia.
Inside the bleacher stands, the other fairies sound with a series of boos and hisses. Some of the other fairies sound with a series of claps and cheers.
I cuddle Yachel and lead us ahead through the dark tunnel, out the archway, and away from the angry mod of fairies and my parents, exiting the auditorium for the afternoon.
Inside the auditorium, Persia’s mom continues to stand inside the bleachers and waves both of her arms with an angry brow, shouting into her gem stone. “Persia, come back here. I wanna talk to you, young fairy…”
4th day Fairy Academy


08:10 a.m.
2nd floor level
Hallway setting
Warm temperatures with bright sunshine


I race on top of my magenta fairy wave and wear a grin, flying around the busy hallway with my fellow girl fairies and some fairies from First Class.
The Second and First Class talented teens rule the air waves, the school hallways, and the exit archways today, since the lower classes can’t keep up the high speed surfing pace.
I slam into the hard wood panel wall with a curse and fall down on the floor, eating some of the red tinted sawdust, swiftly standing with a growl. The other wave surfers slip and slide side to side moving ahead towards the banquet room.
Stad was at fault here. He was wave surfing too close to Persia and then curled around the wall corner, taking all the space and Persia with him. 
He continues to sail on top of his pale yellow tinted fairy wave down the semi-dark common hallway.
I wipe off the jealousy and the dust, jogging my boot heels toward the banquet room, burning up all my furious energy. I slow my pace and whistle a weird make-up song, strolling through the open archway, rubbing my gem stone over my dirty clothes.
I morph into my fairy farting princess dress which is becoming a dirty, fairy farting orange gown of red dirt, green grass stains, and someone else’s red blood, not mine. I don’t really care as I must practice the morning fairy queen coronation parade and the afternoon farting fairy race with Yachel, probably again, if my mom doesn’t leave my fairy school today, right now, this moment.
I wonder what lovely race is coming my way today.
I stop and scoot down in a chair underneath one of the long dull patched black cloth tables in between my mom and my bestest friend Yachel. My table contains my dad, my other friend Zann, and her parents. Some of the families tend to click together, since the first day of Fairy Academy. But some family members do not.
I perform a hand wave and a silly grin, giving a general hello to the occupants. “Howdy, ya’ll!” I drop my hand and my grin diving into the bread and butter, eating and chewing.
The mom of Persia chews and swallows the food with a grin. “You seem more comfortable this morning. Are you getting used to your parents, hanging around the school, Persia?”
“Uh huh!” I eat with a loud grunt of annoyance.
She smiles. “Well, you need to get used to …”
“Good morning!” Daffodil, in her yellow gown, stands on top of the elevated platform, raising both of arms in the air, saying with a smile and a nod into her gem stone. “We will forego the usual parade rehearsal this morning for a new adventure.”
At my table, in my wooden chair, I chew and swallow with a worried brown and a whisper, “O no!”
Yachel leans over with a worried brow and a whisper into the cheekbone on Persia, “O yeah!”
Daffodil releases out her bright yellow fairy wave from her palm gem stone as her wave gently covers the four walls, the ceiling, and the floor.
I turn and study the design on the wall with a gasp and a hiss. “It’s a diamond shape…”
“No way!” Yachel turns and studies the design with an angry brow and a hiss too. “It’s a diamond shape, representing a cruel, truel duel stage.”
I gasp in horror. “Ah, naw! I am not participating in a cruel, truel duel. No way, hay!”
On top of the stage, Daffodil claps with a smile and a nod, speaking into her gem stone. “O yes! I can hear the soft gasps. O yeah! I can see the worried faces. O wow! This is truel duel stage. There are exactly fourteen truel duel dirt coated stages. There are exactly forty-two fairies, learning to become a fiery fairy from the Third, Second, and First Classes.
I lean over and laugh out loud into the cheekbone on Yachel. “I don’t remember. Which class do we belong inside today?”
“O yeah! I’m Fifth Class man or woman or fairy today, darling.” Yachel eats the food and sneers at Daffodil.
Daffodil smiles. “There are three positions within a single truel duel stage. A simply math lesson, the number forty-two is divided by the number three which equals the number fourteen. Awe! I love arithmetic problems, too.”
Among the crowded tables, some of the fairies sound with a series of chuckles and claps. The other fairies sound with a series of boos and hisses.
“Then, Daffodilly can use some elementary algebra and substitute her fat fanny in my single place at the single truel duel stage,” I growl into the cheekbone on Yachel while studying Daffodil, who is almost dancing side to side with happiness on top of the pothole stage.
“Persia!” The mom of Persia turns and frown her misbehaving fairy daughter.
On top of the stage, Daffodil grins and speaks into her gem stone for all fairy eardrums. “To be fair here! Each teen fairy must illuminate a gray box with their individual gem stone wave and will not rely on one or both of their biological parents. Do you understand me, fairy parents? Each truel duel stage holds only three gray colored boxes. After the first truel duel stage has been completely filled at one hundred percent, the first diamond shape will become the first competitor in the truel duel exhibition. There will be fourteen individual matches of furious, fast, and fierce competition. This event will be running from morning and until the evening, until each teen fairy has participated, totally, ya’ll. Now, I would like for the parents and the small children and the younger teens to stop eating, drop down and crouch underneath their eating table or on top of the floor for both protection and safety. I do not want anyone hurt from a, sometimes, misplace teen firing ray. The teens are still learning to control their fairy waves.”
Yachel gasps. “Go and get down to the floor now!” She falls down and rests on her stomach.
“Why?” I look down and frown at her glittering black colored tiara and blonde hair roots.
“We don’t wanna compete with each other inside the same truel duel stage. Because I’ll win.” Yachel aims her palm with the embedded pale blue gem stone at the side wall with a snigger without firing.
I slide off the seat and rest down on the floor beside Yachel with a set of giggles. “O yeah! Right! Right! Right!” I aim my palm shell with my embedded magenta gem stone down at the plastic floor at one of the gray boxes inside a different truel duel stage.
Each adult fairy loudly grumbles and slides down the chair from each table, resting on top of the floor for protection with the small children, who do not attend the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy yet.
Underneath the table, on the floor, I exhale with a puff of nervousness, eyeballing one of the gray boxes for the newest and dumbest fairy event, a truel duel stage, readying for the vocal command.
On top of the stage, Daffodil swiftly scoot sideways and drops off the edge, hiding inside the wall corner, squatting down. She shouts into her gem stone for all eardrums. “Up! Stand up, teen fairies! Get a good position for your desired gray box within one of the fourteen truel duel stages. Go!” She laughs out loud.
Some of the teen fairies stand from the chair or continue to sit inside their child as each one aims and then fires at one of the gray boxes with laughter.
On the floor, I gently fire and carefully hit one of the stationary gray boxes inside the diamond shape stage on the floor for my personal participation in the cruel, truel duel event. The gray box glows in my magenta hue. However, I do not celebrate with joy or cheer but frown with annoyance at the floor.
Beside Persia, her mom continues to rest on top of the floor and watches with smile the heated and sizzling commotion. “Great discharge, Persia! You’re going to win your truel duel stage.”
“Uh huh!” I continue to rest on my stomach and watch the fireworks. Some teens perform a set of lousy shooting skills at the side wall while other colored fairy waves hit a single gray box that shines in a unique gem color.
Inside the wall corner, Daffodil shouts into her gem stone. “Stop! Halt! All the gray boxes now glow in prettiness. Stop all the rays! Please sit down for the results!” She slowly stands inside the wall corner with a smile and speaks into her gem stone. “We have filled all forty-two boxes. The truel duel stage will be hosted by Mentor Thurbet, as usual. The female truel duel stage will be located over the dry dirt on top of the southern campus grounds. There is a set of tall bleacher stands in between the southern grounds and western grounds which allow all the fairies to see two separate stages, one for the teen females and one for the teen males. The fairy prince truel duel stage has been constructed directly in the rear of the school building on top of the flat lush green grass…”
“… covered in colorful tall stacked of steaming pookie piles,” one fairy laughs into his gem stone.
She exhales with annoyance. “As I mentioned before, the competition will continue all day and into the late, late afternoon. We will alternate the stage setting also as some of the upcoming fairy battles are sometimes very vicious and a little too rough on their opposing opponents while destroying the entire diamond shaped stage.” The other fairies sound with a series of cheers and claps.
On the floor, Yachel slowly stands with a growl, pulling out her chair, “I only hear the gang of blood thirsty creatures of Fairyland,” she sits down with a sour frown and stares at Daffodil.
I swiftly stand and then sit back down in my chair, exhaling with a nod, staring at Daffodil. “Yeah!”
Daffodil slowly steps back onto the platform and smiles, looking down at her gem stone, and then stops in the middle of the stage. “Let us view the results for each truel duel competition. You may join me, if you were able to record the fast action within your personal gem stone. There were too many flying fairy colors to figure out the first trio of competition for the first truel duel. I am reviewing my gem stone. I welcome the other fairies to view their gem stones too. I see. I see here. The first truel duel stage will consist of…of the following three female princess fairies consisting of Apella, Persia, and Nabell.”
The other fairies sound with a series of cheers and claps.
She looks up with a grin to see the audience. “As you name is mentioned, please stand upright from the chair and walk towards your particular illuminated truel duel stage on the side wall, or in this case, stand on top of the plastic floor. After the three names have been called, the trio can leave and mentally prepare your body and your mind for your upcoming fairy truel duel competition. Please, come up and stand by the side wall, princesses Apella, Persia, and Nabell! You know what to do and where to stand. The second trio of competitors for the second truel duel …”
I slowly stand upright from my chair with a sour frown and scoot around the table, the other fairy feet in shoes, and each chair, stopping beside Apella and Nabell on the side wall of white plastic. I wear a fake smile with a hand wave to the cheering crowd of luck non-competing fairy adults and small children.
 Apella stands in between tall Nabell and tall Persia and blows a silly pretend kill in the air waves to her parents, leading ahead toward the open archway, waving her hand.
I continue to stand. My parents slide off the chair and glide in between the crowd of parked chairs and fairy feet, moving ahead towards Persia.
From the side wall, I sneer with annoyance and move ahead, elbowing through the fairy crowd again toward the open archway, meeting up with my parents. I fake a smile and a heavy heart in frustration.
My parents and I exit the banquet room and veer down an empty semi-dark common hallway, strolling over each pothole in silence.
The mom of Persia leans over and hugs her daughter with a smile and a nod. “I cannot believe that Yachel didn’t secure a gray box within the same truel duel with you, Persia. She must really be afraid of your awesome fairy talents.”
“Uh huh! Yeah, that’s it!” I sidestep from her hug and cough out loud with a giggle, viewing each deep pothole in the wooden floor, stepping over it. “Yeah, she’s really afraid of me. Uh huh! That’s it!”
The dad of Persia leans over and pats his daughter on the arm with a smile and a nod. “You must strike your opponent, opponents first. You can split your fairy wave apart. You had learned that last year in Third Class. Do you see the reason for us sending you to the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy for almost the entire year? You are learning the tricks and trades of a fairy very swiftly…”
“Slowly …” I whisper for my eardrums only.
The dad of Persia nods. “Form your smooth flat wave into a folded fairy fist, whacking each one of your opponents at the same time into a state of unconscious. This slick fairy maneuver will ensure a single victory win within the truel duel, Persia.”
I continue to move in between my parents and rub my gem stone over my dirty fairy gown, morphing into my worn and dirty peach colored tee shirt, a pair of dirty faded and ripped jeans, and a pair of worn and dirty pink and green cowgirl boots. I never clean the clothing items, after the dusty parade practice or the dirty fairy race.
We turn the wall corner and face a new hallway, slowly strolling towards the music room on the southern side of the fairy school building.
I feel nervous, excited, and relief that Yachel is not going to beat my body up. I see the open archway and feel the flutter of invisible butterflies inside my stomach lining. I wonder how butterflies get into my stomach and then laugh out loud with teenly nervousness.
The mom of Persia leans over and hugs her daughter with a smile and a nod. “You’re a good fairy, Persia. You have won all your fairy races, so far.”
The dad of Persia leans over and pats his daughter on the arm with a smile and a nod. “Strike out first! Get the other fairies off guard. Slam your fairy fist into each face for the truel duel charge!”
I feel scared, fearful, and frightened, looking back over my collar bone to see my enemy.
A few feet behind Persia and her parents, Apella and her parents huddle with a string of whispered, hushed tones. She is receiving valuable advice for a hopeful truel duel victory win. However, Apella had already fought inside a cruel, truel duel losing the match but gaining fighting experience with fairy princess Nabell.
I return back and exhale with worry, facing the hallway, slapping my hand over my parted lips. I swallow the bitter bile back down my tight throat without vomiting on the hand, the floor, my clothing, or my parents. I feel really sick and worried now.
I exit through open archway and slowly move around each broken step, stopping on top of the dead grass, seeing the diamond shaped wooden railings. I feel really nausea and frightened.


08:38 am
Exterior wall building
Northern side
Truel duel stage setting
Warm temperatures with bright sunshine and few clouds


Her parents cuddle their daughter for protection and stare at the newly erected diamond-shaped wooden stage for the first truel duel match.
Parallel to the exterior wall, an extra-high set of tall wooden stands dominates the skyline with a flat top that holds an array of chairs for the fairy mentors and judges. On each side of the stadiums, an individual set of short wooden railing that create a diamond-shaped on top of the red tinted dirt.
The overcrowded banquet room of fairies had quickly exited through the missing or misplaced front porch doors and then raced around the dirt, finding the two individual truel duel stages on each side of the building while elbowing and yelling for that fantastic seat within the tall wooden stand of bleachers.
I continue to stand at the bottom of the stone steps in front of the exit archway as each fairy shoves or shuffles or shifts around Persia and her parents, mumbling with a string of really ugly nasty words.
Her parents slowly drag Persia to the side exterior wall and continue to smile at the diamond shaped truel duel stage.
In the pale blue sky, fairy mentor Thurbet flies over the rooftop on the school and dives down, landing his lavender colored fairy wave on top of the newly constructed flat wooden platform on top of the stadium, jumping off his wave. He sucks the wave back into his gem stone and moves ahead, sitting down in the middle chair on the long row. He smiles down into his gem stone. “Come all. Come one. Come now. This is the first truel duel of the morning. There will be fourteen different truel duel stages for both males and females, consisting of mixed fairies from Third, Second, and First Classes.
“The first truel duel stage involves the lady princess fairies consisting of Apella, Persia, and Nabell and not in that specific order. Order has nothing to do with winning the truel duel, fairies. It is your firing ray and quickness of hand, your wave hand. Welcome to the first truel duel. You see two individual truel duel stages on each side of the sideways stadium, which is very clever for viewing each stage. The two stages provide a set of sequential events one after another for both show and speed. Now, let’s welcome the trio fairies for the first truel duel. Please, come out and come in here for the first competition of the morning, ladies.”
In front of the side wall, I do not move my legs in fear and fright of getting a green pointy fairy tail for the rest of the night while picking up the colorful pookie piles underneath the grazing beasties on the southern, western and eastern sides of fairy campus. I giggle with nervous silliness of the stupid fight moment.
Her golden fairy wave bends over the watcher station rooftop on the school coming from the opposite side of the building first. Fairy princess Apella rides on the rear of her golden wave. She raises both of her arms with a wave and a smile to the cheering fairies, sailing around in a wide circle over the skyline and the stage for her pre-victory dance.
Her dark orange fairy wave shoots in a straight line, flying twenty feet underneath the golden fairy wave of Apella. Nabell stands upright tall and proud on her flat wave and lifts both of her two naked fists with a sneer and a growl for her pre-victory dance too.
In front of the side wall, without moving, I roll my eyeballs with the lady drama of each entrance from my two fellow girl fairies before the cruel truel duel show.
The mom of Persia hugs her daughter with a sour frown and a nod. “Hmm! We should have thought of emerging from the other side of the school building like your two talented fairy friends. Apella is really showing off both her strength and wit.”
“Her sh…show is nothing, but wave energy, dear.” Persia’s dad follows each colorful fairy wave with a sour frown. “The real key of flying is controlling your fairy wave like Nabell is doing, every well. She sails in a straight fluid line, that is not easy. You have some tough competition, this morning, Persia. How are you going to enter the truel duel stage?”
I stomp forward with my boot toe. “Like this!” I hold my breath and jog over the dirt on my boot heels, not my fairy wave. I need the physical burn of energy to control my nervousness without plowing my energy wave into the two fairy faces or the newly constructed wooden railing or the grove of tall shade trees in the distance.
“Go and win, Persia!” The mom of Persia waves with a smile and a pretend kiss of motherly love at the pair of moving boot heels on Persia, hugging her husband with a grin and a nod, huddling near the exterior wall for the show.
“Fast win, Persia!” Persia’s dad gives a thumb up with a smile and a nod, hugging his wife with a chuckle.
I don’t look back to see but hear the nice and nasty compliments from my parents, nearing the wooden railing and bend my knees, leaping my body over the short unbroken wooden railing like a ten-year-old fairy child, a great fairy talent indeed.
Fairies cannot fly but jump over tall objects like a cow, naw, a cat. I think. Actually, I can’t think as I’m too scared to burn neurons.
I land down in the dirt creating a series of tiny red whirlwinds and then jog to an empty post position at the top on the diamond shape, looking up in the sky.
Apella continues to slowly circle through the clouds and around the flying flock of birds and drops down towards the dirt like the spiral tunnel.
Nabell sails back and forth in the air waves without moving down toward one of the empty spots within the truel duel stage, looking down with a smirk and a laugh at the tiara on Apella.
I reach the intersection of the wooden railing and stop, facing the interior dirt, shading my eyelashes from the bright sunlight. I look up and continue to see the two showoffs. The tall sideways bleachers of fairies stand from each seat and sound with a series of cheers, claps, and stomps over the wooden planks as the bleaches shake and moves side to side from weak and rotten wooden planks.
Apella continues to slowly curve her fairy wave down through the spiral almost to her spot with a hand wave and a smile to the bleachers of fairies.
Nabell dashes back and forth at the twenty feet air space like she is guarding and protecting it.
Apella continues to slowly drop and curve her fairy wave to her spot with a hand wave and a smile to the bleachers of standing and cheering fairies.
Nabell continues to soar back and forth in a straight line in the skyline without a hand wave or a smile to the bleachers of standing and cheering fairies, parking both hands on her hips with a sneer at Apella.
Apella continues to slowly curve her fairy wave down through the spiral almost to her spot with a hand wave and a smile to the bleachers of fairies.
Nabell continues to sail back and forth on top of her dark orange wave with a smirk and a growl at Apella.
Apella faces the bleachers of fairies with a smile and a wave. Her golden wave hits something in the air, wiggling side to side, stinging the boot toes on Apella. She gasps, dancing and wobbling side to side over her golden wiggling wave and extends her arms outward, trying to balance her upright body and looks up to see a vertical dark orange wave.
Nabell flies down from the skyline and halts, forming a small fairy set of stair steps, holding onto a set of fairy hand-holds on her fairy wave as her dark orange fairy wave falls vertically down on top of Apella, before the start of the match. Nabell rams the tip of her dark orange wave on top the slightly flat golden ray, shocking both the surfers and the waves. Nabell stumbles forward from the violent jolt, straightening and kneeling on top of her semi-flat fairy wave, exhaling and inhaling heavy breathes, controlling her vomit, trying to come from her esophagus. She sails her fairy wall forward without falling down on the ground.
Apella wobbles side to side on top of her fairy wave and retracts her wave, trying to pull it apart from the wave collision with the dark orange ray.
However, both the fairy rays are melted together, sticking like honey.
Apella jerks on her golden wave, trying to unglue the two rays. The golden wave buckles and detaches from the dark orange ray, sucking back into the golden earring of Apella. She falls down to the dirt with a scream without the protection of a fairy wave and whistles. The group of fairies inside the bleacher row gasps in shock. Apella rolls side to side in the air down to the dirt for some major hurt.
A pair of big black wings disturb the calm air waves, creating a set of invisible wind tornados. The bleachers of fairies look up and gasp in shock. A big white colored draft horse had launched from the northern campus ground. Now, it soars over the blue skyline on a set of expanded black colored wings to Apella. The horse dives and maneuvers underneath a falling Apella. She rolls and dives her body down to the skull of her draft horse, catching both the black mane and the white skull with her hands. She struggles over the body and swings her butthole over the boney spine of her draft horse. The draft horse swoops down and flaps its wings, gaining speed and altitude. The horse and Apella circle the skyline again. Apella performs a hand wave and a smile to the bleachers of cheering fairies.
On top of the dirt, I continue to stand at the top of the diamond formation and claps with a smile at Apella’s excellent fairy performance.
Apella slowly guides the draft horse through the air and down towards the center of the truel duel stage, landing the beastie with a single hand wave and a smile on top of the dirt. She slides off, patting his forehead and his mane with a whisper and a grin. “Good, boy! Go back and enjoy your duchess horse wife.”
I fling my upright body backwards over the rough wooden railing, crouching down in the dirt, avoiding the slap from the draft horse wings. The wings are twenty-five feet in length or more. I exhale with annoyance at both Apella and Nabell for showing off and failing to achieve the goal. Their two silly entrances are making the truel duel longer than usual. I’m nervous out here in the dirt. I bet my other fellow fairies are getting more nervous, watching on their individual truel duel stage. I scan the bleachers for my friends. My parents sit in the second row of honor for the fighting teen fairies.
I gasp with shock.
The top two rows of bleachers are the teen fairies from the Third, Second, and First Classes. They are laughing and tossing ice cubes at each other, not watching the truel duel stage or Persia. Or some of the young fairy couples are kissing and hugging, not watching any of the show or Persia.
I scout the bleachers with a sneer.
Young fairy couple Stad and Yachel are on the top bleacher at the end, hugging and giggling and not watching the show or me either.
Another teen fairy couple Molfalso and Zann cuddle so close that you can’t see her pink fairy cheekbones.
another fairy couple Kuelle and Walcott suck on each other’s face without breathing.
Gable sits between his parents on the third row behind Persia’s parents, standing and kicking the back spine on each one of Persia’s parents as they are so short.
Apella’s parents sit between Persia’s parents, raising the arms, slapping Persia’s parents in the face with a wiggling hand as they are so short.
Eadric stands on the top bleacher with crossed arms, watching his girl Nabell fall from the sky.
I don’t see Britton inside the bleachers with the other fairies and growl with angry, scanning the landscape for my fairy guy. Britton stands away from the bleachers, shooting his dark blue one fairy finger and a thumb at the tree line, slapping the tree silly with his sissy fairy fist. I laugh with amusement, crouching in the dirt.
The draft horse launches and flies away from the truel duel stage into the sky, flapping its glittery of black wings as it turns and sails over the air space back to the northern campus grounds of the school again. The bleachers of fairies stand with a series of cheers, claps, and stomps over the wooden planks as the bleaches shake side to side in danger.
Apella turns and skips to her wooden side intersection with a wave and a grin to the cheering fairies.
Her dark orange wave falls and lands outside the truel duel stage on at an angle, dragging Nabell with it. She holds onto the edges of her fairy wave with a lady sneer to Apella. She flings her wave into a flat shape, stomping to the front of the wave like a royal carpet with a lady sneer at Apella to the diamond formation of the truel duel stage.
Apella had landed the draft horse inside the diamond exhibition, taking up all the extra dirt. Then the big draft horse needed the air space to launch from the dirt also.
Nabell jumps off her fairy wave and retracts her dark orange wave back into her golden bracelet shell with a snarl, leaping over the wooden railing and moves, stopping and standing in her assigned post for the start of the cruel truel duel event. The bleachers of fairies continue to stand with a series of cheers, claps, and stomps over the wooden planks as the bleachers continue to shake.
I slowly crawl underneath the bottom wooden railing and stand with a sour frown at my fairy guy, my fellow fairies, and my fairy parents.
On top of the flat platform with the other fairy mentors, Thurbet laughs into his gem stone. “Well, that was a most unusual entrance into the truel duel stage. I do believe fairy princess Apella has become the favorite fairy of the roaring crowd. Fairy princess Nabell is ready, standing in her spot, as well as, the third fairy princess Persia. We all know the rule. No firing ray, only a shooting wave…”
Apella laughs, “No slender finger is allowed here, either, Persia.”
Nabell stands on the side within the diamond with laughter and thumbs over her collar bone to the school wall. “You finally go and get to pick up numerous pookie piles, tonight, Persia. And it ain’t real fun, fairy girl.”
I swallow the bitter bile back down my tight throat and act cool, standing at the top intersection in the diamond point, shouting out loud with confidence. “I guess so.”
Nabell sneers. “So, surrender now! Then there will be no blood on your cape, fairy girl.”
I gag back up the bitter bile and mouth spit on the dirt, looking at Nabell, acting kinda brave. I shout out loud with a stern face.  “I guess not.”
“Go!” Thurbet smiles into his gem stone.
I whisper for my ears only. “I am going down.”
Apella runs ahead from her post and releases her golden tinted fairy wave directly at Persia, yelling with a sneer. “Get her first! She gets to pick up the smelly beastie patties, tonight, since I didn’t wanna again.”
I watch both fairy girls and view an approaching golden wave towards my face, swiftly dropping down in the dirt. The weak and rotten wooden railing swiftly burns from the sizzling fairy wave and then breaks in half behind the butthole on Persia. The individual burning pieces fall down over the dirt.
I swiftly stand with a growl. Her dark orange fairy wave from Nabell directly aims at Persia next. I drop back down and eat dirt again. Her dark orange wave hits a clump of tall green colored shade trees burning in red and yellow fires in the far distance.
I slowly stand with a sneer. Her golden tinted fairy wave launches at Persia again. I drop down with my fairy speed on the dirt as the wave travels over my hair roots. I sideways over the dirt and jump on my feet, landing on top of Apella’s golden wave.
Apella stops and gasps in shock, stinging from the invader attack, tap dancing her burning boot toes over her golden fairy wave. She leaps off her ray and stands on the ground, sucking back her ray into her gem stone with a loud slurp and a string of curse words within the fairy language.
I feel the golden wave wobble and hear the familiar sucking sounding, swiftly jumping in the air with a smile, posing for a half-a second of time.
That’s long in fairy time.
I shoot out my fairy wave and create a magenta tornado in the air, slowly dropping down towards the dirt and slam into the dark orange wave of Nabell.
The two fairy rays collide in an array of full colorful sparks.
I cover my face with a free hand and feel a string of heated fiery sparks burn my flesh. I swish my distorted face side to side, flicking off my blood from my two closed eyelashes, opening my eyelids. One eye watches a nasty Nabell. The other eyeball observes a deceptive Apella.
Apella and Nabell stand on the opposite side in the dirt and sneer at their common enemy Persia, whipping each fairy wave in the air at Persia, at the same time.
I continue to stand and sneer back at my two common foes, quickly releasing out my magenta wave, jumping on top of the magic fairy carpet. I surf my wave and twirl a single fairy fingernail directly at Nabell for the frontal attack. Then I touch my black colored ankle-length fairy cape with my left hand, like Apella is doing, giggling with a whispered fairy charm. “Switchee clotho, Apella!”
The tip on my magenta fairy wave reaches behind the fairy cape on Apella. The air waves swirl and twirl.
I whirl on top of my magenta smooth wave in a circle, flowing among the cooling air breeze with a laugh and wear Apella’s long black beautiful shorter fairy cape. Then I toss her cape off my collar bone.
Apella’s cape slowly drops from the skyline and gently falls down towards the red dirt inside the truel duel stage in silence and innocence.
The dark orange wave from Nabell strikes out and touches the fluttering fairy cape, burning it into a crispy golden brown and as Nabell turns and laughs at Apella with amusement.
I giggle with amusement and fly around the air, like a witch, on top of my magenta wave, without my cape and my broom.
Inside the dirt, Apella stops twirling in a circle and halts on top of the dirt, gasping with shock, slapping both of her hands around her petite body. She feels the rouge fabric, which is not her soft cape. She tosses the black cape from Persia off her collar bone, dropping it down on the dirt, racing ahead towards her falling and burnt golden reddish brown tinted fairy cape. The burning cape from Apella hits the dirt and continues to burn in sight and sizzle. The cape fabric melts down into a tiny pile of gray colored ashes and stream of pink tinted bubbles.
I continue to fly on my wave and form an index fairy finger on the tip end for my revenge. I reach down with my finger and slam sideways into Apella, shoving her upright body into the wooden railing, the other one.
I fling sideways my same fairy finger at Nabell and then halt, sounding with a giggle, swinging my fingernail around her back spine. I reach down and tickle her rib cage for my fun and her confusion.
On top of the dirt, Nabell draws both her arms into her folded body and giggles out loud from her protective instinct.
I slam my finger sideways into Nabell’s face.
Nabell screams out loud in pain first and then twirls in a circle second and finally falls forward over the wooden railing, the other one. She lands down on her distorted face.
On top of the platform, Thurbet raises both of his short arms in the air and smiles down into his gem stone. “She’s down, too. Nabell is down and out.”
Apella shakes off the dizziness and slowly stands upright in the dirt, wearing a sour frown and a growl, releasing out her golden wave at Persia.
I continue to fly through the air and retract my fairy finger back into my palm gem stone with a loud slurp and a yell out loud. “Apella, watch out! Here I come to get you, darling!” I twirl my fairy wave into a thin fairy whip, capturing her golden wave like it is an arm wrist.
I lift both her golden wave and a petite Apella from the dirt and into the air using my fairy strength, retracting back my magenta fairy whip back into her palm gem stone with a loud slurp and an evil chuckle.
Apella screams out loud and falls down through the air, slamming her golden wave underneath her butthole and as her fairy wave swiftly drops down out of her fairy control, hitting the wooden railing, the other one.
Within a shape of a diamond, there are four sides that intersect with a set of end points.
Well, I have lovingly broken three out of the four wooden railings within the cruel, truel duel diamond formation.  I whisper with a sneer. “One more railing and one more fairy to go!” I land my wave down on top of the dirt in the center of the broken diamond.
I release out and sail my magenta fairy finger towards an upright Apella.
Apella lifts her bloody face from the dirt, standing upright on her palms and her boot toes, drooling with fear. I halt my fairy finger one inch in front of her broken nose. Apella gasps in fear. My fairy fingernail flings outward and hits her exposed chest, tossing Apella from the broken wooden railing over the dirt, in the sky, and out of the stage exhibition.
Apella lands down in the dirt on her back spine, creating at huge dust red whirlwind. 
On top of the platform, fairy narrator Thurbet raises both of his arms into the air and laughs, speaking into his gem stone. “She’s down, too. Apella is down.”
The bleachers of fairies continue to stand with a sound of with wild cheers, claps, whistles, and stomps over the wooden planks as the bleachers shake side to side.
Thurbet drops his arms and slaps the wooden table, smiling down into his gem stone. “The first truel duel has ended for the three princess fairies. The results are unanimous. There will be zero points awarded for fairy princess Apella. A fairy leaving the truel duel stage is not allowed, if not under your own gem stone wave power. And fairy princess Apella is unconscious, to boot.” He chuckles.
“Third Class teenager Apella also receives another set of zero points. Fairy princess Apella has double zero points, if that math number is even possible, folks. Fairy princess Nabell is unconscious, resting her face and eating the dirt on top of the broken wooden railing, all lovely compliments of fairy princess Persia too. And Third Class teenager Nabell is being retrieved and carried by a bright yellow wave coming from Mentor Daffodil into the school building for some medical aid and sleeping comfort. Fairy princess Nabell is unconscious or dizzy or both while receiving zero points also. Fairy princess Persia is the declared the first winner of the first truel duel diamond shaped. Congratulations, fairy princess Persia. You may leave the truel duel stage.
“Brownies, please come out and quickly replace the wooden railings for the next truel duel bout with the female fairies. We are still exhibiting the female princess fairies on the southern side of the school building. Now, we will begin the second truel duel stage for the trio of selected fairy princes. If you wish to see the fairy prince competition, please sit back down and swing your smile sideways viewing a second newly constructed diamond shaped truel duel stage. Gentlemen prince fairies, please, present your wave and your person for the second match of the truel duel.”
I wipe the blood from my hands. A fairy wave is both heated and sharp, tearing a series of tiny cuts into my exposed skin on my arms, my neck, and my face. I scratch my cut earlobe and slowly stroll through the lumpy and bloody dirt, stepping over the array of broken and busted wooden pieces from the damaged railing without a fanfare or a single cheer of victory.
Within the throng of seats, the mom of Persia stands upright from her seat and waves both arms in the air for attention, speaking with a smile down into her gem stone. “Persia, come over here, honey. We’re here inside the bleachers. We can’t move yet. Persia, we’re over here, honey.”
On top of the dead grass, I hear the string of my mom’s whimpering words through my gem stone and see both of her waving arms in the stadiums seats with my fairy eyeballs also.
Persia’s parents are trapped between the rows of cheering fairies that fight for a better seat for the next truel duel with the trio of fairy princes.
On top of the platform, fairy mentor Thurbet releases out his lavender tinted fairy wave and surrounds the wooden platform, lifting the platform and then faces the second truel duel stage.
On top of the dead grass, I continue to slowly pace through the ground dirt, rubbing my aching muscles from the vicious teenly fight, exhaling with annoyance at my mother.
From the top bleacher row, Third Class fairies Yachel and Stad jump off the seat and then float down on top of Stad’s pale yellow fairy wave, landing on top of the dead grass. They step off the fairy wave as Stad sucks it back into his gems tone. They cuddle with a smile and elbow through the crowd, stopping in front of Persia.
Yachel bounces into Persia with a hug and a smile, pulling back with a nod, cuddling back into his arms. “You won your truel duel. I was worried at first. Apella is such a show off …”
“Show nothing! Congratulations, Persia! You’re a good fairy fighter too.”  Stad continues to hug Yachel and nods a smile to Persia.
“Wow! You showed Apella off, on, and underneath, thou,” Yachel grins. “I got the trio of Kuelle, me, and one of the First Class hairy mates. I don’t know her. We’re like number eighteen on the truel duel stage exhibition. I gotta wait all morning and afternoon, before I kick some hairy fairies,” chuckling.
I exhale with a puff of exhaustion and victory. “You’ll win.” I scoot around them and brush the dirt and the blood off my body.
Yachel turns with a frown and grabs the arm on Persia. “I’ll win, too, like you, darling. Where are you going, Persia? Aren’t you going to see the trio of prince males fight?”
I exhale with a puff of exhaustion and frustration, brushing the blood and the dirt off my face. “To the bathroom…”
Yachel gasps with shock and releases Persia, nodding with a smile. “O yeah! Go and get cleaned up, darling! But, you hurry up and be back for my fairy performance too. I promise to include more blood than you.”
I wipe the red dirt and someone’s blood from my dirty clothes. “Yeah! Right! Okay! I’m looking for Britton too.” I turn and scan the dirt.
Stad thumbs back over a collar bone and points the shaded tree line in the short distance, laughing out loud to Persia. “Your fairy boyfriend Britton is out by the trees, practicing up on his wave fist. He is fighting with two other First Class fairy mates. They’ll see his hairy fairy for shore,” he laughs with Yachel.
I find Britton with a gasp and shake my curls, feeling sorry for Britton.
Yachel reaches over and slaps Stad’s chest, saying with a giggle and a grin. “Stad, you’re so right!”
I exhale with a puff of worry for my boyfriend without seeing my friends. “See ya’ll later! I’m going to give Britton some of my expert advice from my victorious truel duel.” I slowly move away from Yachel and Stad with a fake smile.
“Later, Persia!” Stad grins and shoots out his fairy wave, creating a small wave for him and Yachel.
“Don’t forget about me, Persia! So long for now!” Yachel waves with a smile at the butthole on Persia. She and Stad lean over and kiss first, pulling back, stepping on his shortened wave. He carefully lifts them both from the ground into the air while hunting for a new hot spot on the top bleacher to watch the first fairy prince cruel, truel duel exhibition.
At 09:09 am, I dash through the dirt, stomping around each broken stair on the rear porch steps towards the open archway of the building. I do care for Britton, but I agree with Stad. The two First Class fairy mates are going to beat his hairy fairy with absolute certainty.
I stomp over each deep pothole on top of the rear porch also and quickly enter the semi-dark hallway. I am more interested in seeing and hearing the trio of ghosts rather than the trio of truel duel fools. Yeah, I had been mad and upset with three ghosts last night. But, I had slept on it while dreaming of the terrible murders, creating tons of curious questions about the fairy school, the fairy queen, and the ancient fairy war.
I step over the newest deep pothole of dry dirt on top of the common hallway floor which had been created from the additional volume of heavy boot heels coming from each pair of annoying parents of every teen fairy.
I am not the only teenager, who greatly wishes for my set of my elder, wiser parents to disappear from the semi-dark hallway here at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy. I can’t have any teenly boyfriend fun yet as I continue to watch the other meekly fairies get beaten up by a set of bully teenagers. And I find that eye sight and ear screams revolting and disgusting, to boot and with too many boot toes.
I race down the semi-dark hallway which is completely empty of other fairies and I hear the blood thirsty cheers coming from the bleachers of cheering fairies. I exhale with a puff of annoyance. All the other fairies enjoy watching and hearing each horrid, cruel, truel duel competition, but me.
At 09:12 am, I turn down the new hallway, dash ahead, and then stop, standing with a smile inside the open archway of the Fairy Library.
On the forward white tinted plastic wall, the trio of three ghosts hover in the air and each one stares back at Persia without a facial expression.
Captain Robert smiles, “Hmm! I am impressed. You came back to the Fairy Library, fairy Persia.”
I don’t show any emotions, fairy or human, “Yeah.” I slowly move into the room and slide down into the first reader-bench at the reader-table, nodding with a stern face, staring at the forward wall.
Captain Robert spins around and touches the forward wall. Numerous colored photographs appear surrounding the entire library room even over each tall filing cabinet, like fairy magic.
I gasp and stare at each wall. “How did you do that?”
He swings around with a stern face and wobbles side to side in front of the forward wall. “This is a live recording of an event from a fairy memory. Now, you know that all fairies dream and record in living color.”
I gasp with shock, pointing at each wall that holds an array of colored pictures. “Is this recording coming from a dead fairy? Who is the dead fairy? Do I know the dead fairy? Is it my grandmother, by chance?”
He shakes his curls. “No! This recording of the event comes from me. I was once human...”
“Look out!” I gasp with shock. “We had this same conversation yesterday or the yesterday before yesterday. That is not possible or impossible, dude! Any type of single recording memory from a human is impossible within the fairy library archives. I should know as I am a fairy.”
He nods. “You are correct, fairy Persia. However, once I set my boot toes upon the soil here in Fairyland, I became a part of the historical record of the native fairies too. Therefore, this is my fairy tale,” he chuckles with the other ghosts and wears an evil grin.
I continue to sit and gasp with shock, studying his evil face.
He thumbs back over his collar bone at the forward wall. The wall changes and then shows an array of different pictures, flipping one after another. 
Each picture displays a sailing vessel with cloth sails on top of the calm deep blue ocean waters. Then it displays the same sailing vessel in pieces over the sandy shoreline and shallow waters in Fairyland.
He nods to Persia. “We are almost ready. Now, let us quickly review here. Aye! During the year 1604, we had shipwrecked our sailing fleet of sea ships off the shoreline of a mysterious island, which is presently known now as Fairyland. I and my crew had wandered around the golden colored sandy beach running upon a batch of native but primitive fairies. They had carried no shaped tool but a handful of shaped bones from dead native animals for both food hunting and body protection. We had aided the native fairies in the Fairy War and won the battle. Then we had offered our pair of skilled, naked working hands and numerous damaged parts and pieces coming from each wrecked wooden sea ships. The wrecked ships had drowned within the shallow water from the series of nasty tidal bores. Each wrecked sea ship had furnished each wooden plank that had built the first row of ugly wooden houses, the Fairy Academy, and the sitting furniture items. Each wooden plank had been hammered with a set of nails. A shaped nail comes from steel. A piece of steel comes from the raw mineral of iron ore. Thus, iron is poison to a fairy. When we had completed the first row of wooden houses and entered the newly constructed structure, the nail dust had poisoned thousands of innocence fairies, which had not been our fault really.
“However, the angry natives from Fairyland had been highly miffed and then they had murdered all the humans, where each one of us became a free floating spirit here at Fairy Academy, foreverly. Now, let us reverse our Fairyland history lesson…”
“What!” I frown with puzzlement. “What for? What does that mean?” I laugh out loud. “You sound like Ibbie always telling something and then changing it…’
Fairy Mentor Ibbie is a very old and wise fairy. You should learn from her during your academic studies.”
Look out! I am here to learn something from you. Else, I will go …”
“I have told the final ending like a cheater and looking at the last page of the last chapter inside a good reading novel.”
I frown with confusion. “What!”
He points to the other walls with a stern face. “The new set of colorful pictures come from the first Fairy War. During the Fairy War, the native fairies were losing badly to the boggarts. A boggart is a particular type of fairy with a set of evil fairy skills and uglier fairy features. The boggart fairy possesses a pair of puke green colored neon wings, a pair of red colored pointy horns slightly off the forehead, a set of yellow colored fangs dangling from the top lip, a pair of furry brown pointed ears, and a set of long, orange colored claw-like eight fingernails ...”
“Look out!” I lift my palms near my frown and shake the curls. “Wait! Hold up here! I don’t believe you. I have never, ever seen a visual picture from an ugly boggart, who is not a cute fairy. Who is recording this Fairy War event?”
He grins. “I am. I am the recorder of the event.”
I frown. “How is that possible?”
He exhales. “I had briefly explained before. Once I had placed my wet boot toes down upon the soil of Fairyland, I, both chemically and biologically, morphed into half a human and half a fairy. I had become a half-breed.”
I gasp with shock. “What is a half-breed? I have never, ever heard that term before anywhere here within Fairyland. How is all of this and that possible, sir?” I swiftly slide off the bench and shake my curls, jabbing a finger at him and each wall. “I don’t believe you. I’m going. I’m leaving here. I did not come here to waste my precious time …”
“I am a half-breed. The funky or funny soil here in Fairyland contains some type of unique bacteria. The unique bacterium is dangerous for a human body. It doesn’t kill a human body but transforms the human blood cells into something. I cannot explain it from a biological point of view. I’m only a captain of a sailing ship ...”
“What!” I gasp. “Are you really a sea captain from one of the wrecked and damaged sailing ships? I thought some teen fairy just created that name for your ghostly person, sir.”
He slaps his chest with a nod. “No one created that name. I had been a human captain from one of the human sailing vessels that had wrecked here on the shoreline of Fairyland.”
Sailor John reached out and touches the wall. A single photograph displays over each wall, the ceiling, and the floor replacing the pretty blue ocean waters and sailing wooden sea ships.
I gasp at the horrible photograph and slowly sit back down on top of the bench, nodding in fear to the trio of ghost, “Okay.”
Sailor John nods. “This is only half of the fairy tale, where the group of vicious and angry native fairies had murdered us in an act of cold blood.”
I softly say. “What is the other half of fairy tale?”
Sailor John points the picture and wears a sad face. “This is steel cage which is located inside one of the mill houses holding a batch of human babies. You can see that their tiny fingers clutch the darken vertical bars. Each pair of tiny white colored eyeballs shine from the gem stone flash wave. Each brownie is a human baby coming from the human world. Every night, the fairy queen invades the human world. Her sky flight from this island creates the midnight array of tidal bores which is not really a natural phenomenon, but a fairy created one. The fairy queen possesses some unknown fairy powers, allowing her to tarry and then carry on inside the human world. A fairy cannot exist within the human realm, fairy Persia. Inside the human world, the fairy queen locates, captures, and then carries off an isolated and defenseless human ...”
“Naw! No! Nope! No way, he-ghost!” I swiftly stand with fury and shake my curls at the trio of ghosts. “Who photographed that picture? A silly teen did that. Because you can tell me. I only see some smooth fingers and some glowing eyes, because that is a captured wild animal from the wilder forests.”
Sailor John shakes his curls. “This picture is a group of humans from the human world, who are about to be turned into a group of brownies. Each human baby is captured there within the human world, brought here, and then caged waiting to become a short house servant brownie …”
“Naw! No! Nope! No way, ghost!” I shake my curls and my hands. “You are confused here, he-ghost. I know the correct fairy tale. A fairy oversees the care of each and every orphaned human baby within the human world like our wonderful Fairy Queen had promised to the group of straddled humans that survived here after the Fairy War, in the year 1604. Isn’t that right, sir? Yeah, that is right, ma’am. Each assigned fairy enters the human world while carrying and then caring for any human baby orphan there inside the human world, until the babe is old enough to care for his or her person like my person as a mature teenager. I have heard this fairy tale all my life from my birth and until now a wise and clever teenager. My parents are a pair of Fairy Watchers. They escort each one of the Fairy Controller to the human world and then watch over each caring fairy for both protection and safety.”
Sailor John frowns. “What for?”
I gasp in shock and then fake a smile, “For …for …”
“…for naught, fairy Persia!” Lady Elizabeth nods. “You are not correct, fairy Persia. The Fairy Queen does leave here and invades the human world carrying off and then uncaringly houses a human baby here inside Fairyland. Each household brownie is really a human baby from years ago. Some of the brownies are centuries old. The rest of surviving sailing crew members became the first colony of brownies. A brownie is an ugly and short creature with a long gray colored ponytail, a set of fat four limbs, and a pair of blue colored eyeballs. A human baby is born with a pair of blue colored irises that change into their natural color later in life. Where do you think the white linen dresses on a brownie comes from, fairy Persia?”
I gasp in shock and then sneer. “Don’t know! Don’t care! Naw! No! Nope! Not possible! How is all this possible from your human perspective, which is wrong-o?”
Captain Robert nods. “When the Fairy Queen attacked me after the Fairy War and the construction of this Fairy Academy, I, immediately, became a free floating spirit living here within Fairyland coming from the violent impact of my human soul. As she was attacking the other defenseless humans, like me, I floated between the live and breathing human life forms ...”
“Look out!” I jab a finger at Captain Robert and shake my curls. “Naw! You are a spirit. You can’t harm anyone or anything or me or him or it or she or another fairy or an animal.”
Captain Robert nods. “You are also correct, fairy Persia. I could not harm the fairy queen and I could not help my fellow humans either. During one of the fairy murders, I flew as a spirit in front of a live and breathing human. Then the human tumbled down into one of the many broken jars of golden colored honey. The human swiftly morphed into a different body appearing brown colored and tiny with a head of short gray colored hair, a pair of big blue eyes, without a nose, a tiny mouth, two fat arms and two legs and completed naked. Every fairy and human being was shocked. Then, the group of fairies grabbed and tossed all the honey on each one of my poor, helpless sailing crew members. I was helpless to stop them as I was dead in spirit. Each human sailor was too stunned to react also.
“By the end of the honey toss, each standing and bleeding human body had been morphed into a tiny brownie body. Thus, the fairy queen dubbed all of them as a group of brownies. Each brownie has lived a long and tormented life working for the group of fairies as a group of slaves. Some of the fairies are very friendly allowing the set of brownies to work as a group of house servants. Some of the fairies are very, very mean and cruel to their house servants. However, some of the fairy families have never seen any of this brownie transformation.”
I shake my curls and rub my face, whispering for my eardrums only. “We don’t own a set of house brownies. Why don’t we own a set of house brownies? I can’t go and ask my parents. They won’t tell me the real truth here. So, some of the fairy families know the true secret of the humans, the honey, and the brownies. Some of the fairy families do not know the secret. Apella knows. Yes! She purposed murdered a set of brownies during our shared Blacksmith Shop in Fourth Class.” I look up with a sour frown to see Captain Robert, shaking my curls. “Naw! No! Nope! No way, ghost. You’re fibbing or lying or trying to do something here.”
Captain Robert nods. “Fairy Persia, think out loud! The school walls, the damaged floors, and the damaged ceilings are comprised of rotten wood which had never been replaced, ever. The ceramic dishes, the silver utensils, the colorful linens, the tablecloths are all old, patched, repaired and are not newly replaced, ever. The chairs, the tables are scratched and worn and not replaced, ever. Finally, you destroyed the numerous wooden steering wheels. The numerous wooden steering wheels came from each wrecked sea ships which had been stripped of its wooden planks, that had been used to build the fairy school and each fairy house. Your residential fairy house is in very bad shape. Am I not correct?”
I gasp with a whisper, “Golly.”
Sailor John says. “The flying body frames from each fairy coach is are made of the earth mineral gold coming directly from the personal possessions of the human passengers within the numerous wreck sailing ships. Fairyland is an island with no natural minerals, but a river of spring water, short dead grass, tall shade trees, and a few wildlife animals. There is not a single gold mine located here on the island.”
Lady Elizabeth nods. “And each human passenger, who had been sailing inside one of the numerous shipwrecked vessels is not really dead but a house or field working brownie. Fairyland is surrounded by low sandbars creating the nightly tidal bores. A sailing ship will run into the low sandbar, wreck, not being able to repair and depart from the shoreline here in Fairyland. This is where each new set of wooden planks comes from each one of these damaged and wrecked sailing ships that sails from the human world. And honey is a common dessert item on a sailing ship.”
I spin around and face the archway, exhaling with a puff of doubt, swinging around to face the three ghosts. I lift my palms near my sour frown. “Okay! Okay! This is my version of Fairyland history. The ancient fairies lived here in tree branches. The ancient boggarts lived here inside damp, deep, dark caves. They met and hated each other. Then, they fought and killed each other. Then, the white men came from the sea ships with numerous honey jars of peace. Then, the white men were murdered making them spirits. The honey jars turned the white mean into the brownies. Honey is colored golden, not dark brownie, like a silly short brownie, who is really centuries old ugly brown boggart. And honey comes from insects of honeybees. The golden colored honeybees do not thrive here on Fairyland. So, therefore, I conclude that I still don’t believe you, sir, and sir, and ma’am. The end!”
Captain Robert turns and floats to the filing cabinet. “I can prove it.”
I nod with a grin at his back spine. “Do it to me! Prove it to me! I don’t believe any of it and any of ya’ll. Geez! This is a waste of my time here in the fairy library.” I hear the roar of the fairies from my gem stone, looking down at my gem stone.
A trio truel duel displays three First Class fairies fighting inside the diamond shaped stage. I don’t know or care to know the three fools.
I look up to see Captain Robert. He reaches into the filing cabinet with his invisible hand into the letter of C.
I smile. “O! I see. The letter of C is for captain.”
He growls. “The letter of C for captive,” he removes both of his hands and flings the pictures over the wall, the ceiling, the floor, and the three reader-tables. I stare down at each moving pictures on the wall. Captain Robert says. “I am in the short plot of green colored grass, wanding my personal sword, protecting my person. Then, a black fairy ray hits the grass, burning it into a tall blaze of fire. I swing around and face the fairy queen. I stab her right crooked leg with my sword blade. She quickly grows back another right crooked leg, too quickly, standing upright, smirking at me. Then, she fires out from her gem stone shooting out a solid black colored fairy ray into his upright body. I had died right there and then in the year 1604.”
I stare down at the picture of a handsome and young Captain Robert with a sour frown. “That’s it! This is all you got here. This is there on the walls from the vast fairy library with zillions of colorful gem stones. And you had died there that day in the year 1604.”
Captain Robert exhales. “The fairy queen killed me with her personal gem stone that emitted her personal first ever fairy wave of dead. She was the one. She was there that day of my death in the year 1604.”
“Look out!” I cross both of my arms and shake my curls. “Naw! You fought with the band of ugly and nasty boggarts. I see them there in the moving pictures all over the walls, the ceiling, the floor, and the three reader-trays. The bad boggarts were fighting and killing the good fairies too. They are itchy brown colored skin with a head of long stingy red colored hair, a pair of puke green neon wings, a set of long yellow fangs, and a bed of long orange claw nails or something color code like that. I have never saw one before or neither or never, until now. Anyways, the group of nasty boggarts are all dead and all gone and all buried here from Fairyland, a long time now. And I did learn something from fairy mentor Ibbie in boring Fairy Lore class.”
John nods. “Yes, you have seen a boggart, fairy Persia.”
I frown. “No, I have not ever seen a boggart, buddy.”
Elizabeth smiles, “You have seen a boggart, fairy Persia. Yachel was a boggart fairy, during your shared Fourth Class.”
I gasp in fury and then sneer, shaking my curls, defending my friend. “No! My bestest friend Yachel had been under a changeling charm from a wicked teen fairy. The physical characteristics all faded.”
She smiles. “The boggart fairy physical characteristics all had reversed with a goo of thickly packed wet mud and tree twigs. Wood is an alley to each fairy.”
I exhale. “Yeah, I read that before, too.”
“Persia, where are you?” The mom of Persia speaks into her gem stone.
I lift up near my sour frown and speak down into my gem stone. “I am coming to you, Mother.” I stare at the three ghosts and a whisper. “Look! I gotta go. But, I wanna continue this strange conversation. I am not convinced here.”
Captain Robert bows down at his fitted waist and lifts upright, wearing a sad face. “I am so sorry that I have failed to convince you, fairy Persia.”
Elizabeth frowns. “Fairy Persia, please, be aware, always.”
I swing around with a smile and move back towards the archway. “Shore thing, ya’ll!”
At 06:03 pm, I turn and slowly move down the dark hallway, heading towards the common hallway, shaking my curls. I spy on every single rotten pothole among the warped and buckled ancient and stained wooden planks, holding my boot heel over the next pothole inside the wooden floor, whispering for my eardrums only. “Impossible! Wrong! Naw! No!” I skip over the next deep pothole with a sour frown. “The fairy tale is not right. The trio of ghosts like to tease and taunt me, like a fairy fart. That’s all.”
Yachel says into her gem stone. “I won. Persia, where are you at, now?”
I stop with a gasp and stare down into my gem stone. 
Yachel stands alone inside the truel duel stage after winning her bout.
I say into my gem stone, “Inside my bathroom, performing my own personal pookie dookie. Okay!”
Yachel says with a giggle into her gem stone, “O yeah! Hurry back, Persia! I’m in the winner’s circle now. Did you see me sock it to them?”
I purse my lips with puzzlement and swiftly jog down the common semi-dark hallway, speaking into my gem stone. “Yeah! I see everything, very clearly now.” I feel angry, nervousness, and excitement plus other mixed emotions and feelings. I watch my gem stone and view the last truel duel stage with last three fairy prince males.
From the top platform, Thurbet says into his gem stone. “This is the last truel duel of the evening. Stad, Molfalso, and Hadwin, all slam a pair of two individual fairy wave fists into each other’s cheekbone. Ouch! That hurt! Now, Stad, Molfalso, and Hadwin are all passed out, rolling and moaning over the dry dirt. One. Two. Three. No male is standing from the violent fist and face collision. So, the number zero is awarded to all three prince fairies, since there is a tie inside the last truel duel stage.”
One fairy laughs into his gem stone. “They all cheated there.”
Another fairy laughs via his gem stone. “They all passed out in there, tart.”
Thurbet chuckles into his gem stone. “Passing out, during a truel duel, is allowed. However, you receive zero points automatically. No debate. No argument. You are unconscious to voice your complaint too. Three zeros. Three ties. Three new pookie pushers for tonight’s punishment chores. Thank you for attending the day and evening’s fun fairy event, the truel duel stage. Please, fly very slowly from the tall set of bleachers. Do not ram your fairy or buddy or lady!”
Inside the building, I turn from the common hallway and move around the wall corner, slamming into a wall of flesh, back stepping with a gasp, “Mother?”
Thurbet says into his gem stone. “The truel duel has completed. All the activities are completed for the evening. Tomorrow will be another new daylight of something else. Good night, fairies!”
Daffodil says into her gem stone. “All the fun fairy race losers report to Mentor Xing. He stands at the side porch, holding your personal newly cleaned out and re-washed wooden pails and shovels.”
I giggle. “Mother!”
The mom of Persia hugs her daughter and pulls back with a smile. “Persia, you did a very good job winning the truel duel stage. That is a mighty big accomplishment, honey. Where did you go after your truel duel show? I couldn’t find you ...”
I touch the face and pick at the dried blood scabs with nervousness. “To whip the blood off my face, my arms, my lips …”
Persia’s dad stands beside his wife and smiles with a nod, “You repaired your body with the gem stone. Good job, Persia!” He leans over and hugs his daughter, pulling back with a grin.
The mom of Persia back steps from the family huddle with a worried brow. “Persia, the fairy queen is here. We have a meeting with the other adults inside the banquet room tonight.”
I turn and scan the walls, the hallway and the wall corner, where the banquet room is located, “Really! The fairy queen is here right now. Where is she?”
Persia’s mom thumbs back over her collar bone towards the door-less archway, saying with a stern face and a serious tone. “Go and locate Yachel and busy with your playtime for the evening, Persia,” she reaches out with a smile and pats Persia on the arm.
I return back and frown at my mom. “Yeah! I’ll go and find Yachel and play like a little kid.” My parents shuffle around my body and move down the semi-dark hallway toward the banquet room. However, I have tons of questions for the fairy queen. 
I spin around with a smile and swiftly dash after my parents, heading for the front porch of the building.
Yachel says into her gem stone. “Where are you Persia?”
I halt with a gasp. Maybe, after the adult meeting, I might purposefully run into the fairy queen with my smile and my questions.
I say into my gem stone. “Yachel, I…”
Yachel says into her gem stone. “I see you, Persia. Stay put in front of the school building! I’m coming over there.”
How did she do that?” I whisper for my eardrums only and move ahead, exiting the building, moving down the front steps. Actually, I had to elbow my way through a heavy crowd of teen and adult fairies. The teen and adult fairies are coming up the front steps, after the truel duel events. I stop and stand on top of the dry grass, scanning the crowd.
Yachel dashes ahead with Stad, stops, and stands with a smile at the nose profile on Persia, “Hey, Persia!”
I turn and touch Yachel on the arm, spinning her boy around, checking the butthole on her pair of faded and dirty blue jeans. I laugh out loud, “I don’t see one. Who got a green pointy fairy’s tail?” I giggle at the silly image.
Yachel frowns, “No one got a green pointy fairy’s tail, Persia.”
I frown, “No one got a green pointy fairy’s tail, why not, so? You said that you won the truel duel event among the trio of fairy princesses.”
She grins. “Well! Didn’t you see me win the truel duel event?”
I look down to the dirt. “Well, yeah!” I look up and frown. “So, why didn’t Kuelle and the other girl each get a green tinted pointy fairy’s tail?”
“Well, I kinda won.” She frowns.
I frown. “Well, how do you kinda win a cruel, truel duel? I don’t understand.”
“Well, I kinda was the last fairy standing. My brilliant wave,” she gasps. “Didn’t you see me and my fairy wave, Persia?”
I look down and kick the dirt with my boot toe again. “Yeah, I did,” I return back with a smile to see Yachel. “But, that doesn’t explain the missing two other green tinted pointy fairy’s tail.”
She grins. “I slammed my wave fist into both Kuelle and the other girl’s wave, shocking the lot of us. They fell down onto the wooden railings and then flat on each back spine while whining and crying. I wobbled to stand upright without falling as the last fairy standing. So, I, technically, had won, without a green tinted pointy fairy’s tail. And they lost without a green tinted pointy fairy’s tail too.”
I frown. “But, why didn’t each one girl receive an ugly puke green colored fairy’s tail like Hadwin did last year?”
“Did Apella and Nabell get an ugly puke green fairy’s tail, after you won, Persia?”
I exhale. “I don’t know. I don’t think so. I mean they were completely unconscious and breathing without talking or snoring.”
She nods. “Unconscious is the key here. My understanding, if the loser is unconscious, then the loser fairy does not receive an ugly, fugly puke green colored fairy’s tail.”
I nod. “Okay! That’s fairy logic or logical or lore or fact. Who else got an ugly, fugly green colored fairy’s tail this time?”
“No one did!”
I frown, “No one! That’s so strange. And that doesn’t make any sense, Yachel. Hadwin got a fairy’s tale after losing to Britton in the male truel duel thingy, last year. I saw the green tinted pointy fairy’s tail. I remember the tail.”
“And the three fairy girls all lost, without getting one, last year, when we were Third Class. I didn’t see a tail on one of the fighting girls either. And I remember the fairy tale,” she giggles with a nod.
I exhale with a puff of frustration. “So, who else lost getting a fairy’s tail?”
“Don’t know!” Yachel snaps her fingers with a smile and a nod. “I bet their parents get the ugly, wiggling green fairy tail too. So, all the teen and adult losers are wagging their tails, cleaning up the beastie pookie in the dark. It dissolves in twenty-four hours or so.”
I grin. “Okay! I got your silly fairy tale. Yachel, I got some intriguing questions that you might be able to address for me.”
Stad wraps his arms around Yachel, whispering down into her eardrum as she giggles with a smile and slowly back steps from Persia with her girly wildly thoughts.
I gasp. “Where are you going?”
She grins. “I’m going to back to my home to feed the horses …”
“What farting for? You hold a set of house brownies for that chore,” I frown.
Yachel sneers. “And the brownies did their job today. This is my job as a fairy farmer female tonight. Are you coming or not, with me, back to my house, Persia?”
“How are you going by your fairy wave? That’s going to take hours to get there as a Third Class fairy mate, mate. Then you gotta come back by the same slow method, fairy girlfriend. I mean you …”
“By coach,” She points at the row of parked coaches.
I gasp in alarm and thumb back over my collar bone to the banquet room wall, where my parents are sitting and entertaining the fairy queen for some reason. “O yeah! By coach, yeah, of course, a great resource transportation. Naw! I gotta stay here with my mama and daddy.”
Yachel winks with a giggle. “Stad and I are going alone to my house and feed the animals. My parents have been here all day. Now, they are all night in some type of social thing with the fairy queen inside the school too.”
“I know that. My parents are in there also. But I got some questions …”
Yachel back steps into Stad’s arms with a giggle and a wink. “Leave here and come with us! We can eat and have fun, without our parents around. I can call Britton …”
I shake my curls. “No thanks, Yachel. My parents told me to stay right here during the night. I can’t be missing, if they are really seeing the fairy queen. That’s the right farting thing to do for the folks.”
Yachel grins. “Yeah, I see. Okay! We’ll be back much later in the evening. Then, we can talk. Okay?”
I nod. “Okay.”
“Bye, Persia!” Yachel swings around and dashes ahead with Stad towards meet the pair of Hadwin and Walcott. She and the other fairies load and then leave the parking lot, flying away inside the pumpkin shaped golden tinted coach through the dull sunlight.
On the dry dirt, I wave goodbye to Yachel and a whisper with an evil grin, “By coach too! I’ll travel by coach, my parents’ coach, of course.” However, I wanted to go with Yachel and my other fairy friends. But I have some other tasks to perform right now.
I slowly move ahead towards our coach with a smile and a whistle like I am supposed to perform this task for my parents. “I got a fairy license, too. If my parents call, I’m at…at Yachel’s house. No, I’m checking on our house. Yeah. I’m looking for spies or thieves or fleas or whatever.”
I continue to slowly stroll through the rows of parked coaches and stop beside our beaten up and bent up family fairy coach as it glows in golden color underneath the dull sunlight.
The family coach doesn’t have a fairy charm, since no stupid fairy would steal it either.
I open the door and slide down into the smooth golden seat, wiggling side to side for un-comfort in the hard metal seat, releasing my gem stone wave. My magenta wave bombards my boot toes first and curls around my folded body, curving around the pumpkin-shaped coach, including protecting each real glass window from the windy breeze, each tree limb, and fairy prince Gable.
I tap my gem stone with a giggle and a grin.


06:06 p.m.
Dark skyline of bright stars
Wet clouds and light breeze, cool temperatures


My beaten up family coach lifts from the ground and rises over the rooftop of the watcher station. I can see the numerous colorful, ratty flags over each ratty sofa.
I swiftly soar through the dark night in the sky. The coach wobbles side to side and levels out over my flat magenta carpet of energy. I lift the coach higher up from the other damaged coaches, like you couldn’t tell, if I did damage one.
I swiftly fly my coach into the white clouds, disguising my escape from whatever. The nose of my coach accumulates a set of tiny wet moisture cloud droplets without getting my hair or clothes wet. I sail over my magenta carpet to one of the mill houses.
Each mill house is made from a set of dull gray limestone rock and all squared looking with a rotating wheel house, carrying fresh water into the building for cleaning and preparing the raw meats, vegetables, and fruits. The mill house feeds the entire population of Fairyland. A fairy cannot miss a ten-foot rotating wheel in the dark or light skyline.
I want to see a group of brownies. I want to talk to the group of brownies too. They would tell me, if each one really is a human in surprise or disguise that had been chained and trapped inside a metal cage like the picture from Captain Robert. Each brownie works inside a mill house preparing the food items that each fairy consumes.
Inside the driver’s seat, I say. “Yeah, the mill houses are behind the fairy fort. But, where is the fairy fort?” I rub my gem stone, steering my magenta wave underneath the coach towards a southern flight, where the fairy fort is located, sorta.
I continue to fly underneath the clouds, searching for a familiar structure. I don’t know where the fairy fort is located. However, I do see a mill house.
I touch my gem stone, gliding my coach down from the skyline and into a short descent, landing down on top of the manicured grass. I scoot out of the metal seat with a grunt, slowly moving to a row of the mill houses.
At 08:18 p.m., I see rays of dull sunlight over the western horizon without a set of overhead lamps or brownie workers or a set of loud sounds around the square shaped gray colored limestone rock structure. A mill house doesn’t have display a glass window which allows a single wind current or a ray of sunshine or a cloud of rain inside the enclosed structure.
So, I guess it could appear like a cage, holding all the worker brownies.
I halt inside an open curved archway, narrowing my eyelashes into the single dark room. I see a set of four enclosed walls. I stomp from the open archway, scooting deeper into the long and wide room.
The forward wall holds a long, wide square-shaped opening like a fire pit, without a burning fire and smoke. One of the side walls holds a set of square-shaped long wooden shelves, holding rows of raw food items. The entrance wall with the doorway holds rows of long stone shelves with numerous fresh food items. The other side wall is split in half with rows of rounded vats with fresh water flowing down from the rotating water wheel on the exterior of the mill house.
In front of the forward wall without a fire inside the pit, an older and gray headed fairy male swings around with a smile to see Persia. “Hello!”
I gasp with a nod and a fake smile in shock. “O! Hello! I’m sorry. I’m looking for…”
The old fairy male grins. “Fairy prince Britton is at the school, studying to be the ‘bestest’ fairy here in Fairyland.”
Inside the open archway, I bounce side to side, clapping my hands, faking a silly smile, “Yeah, fairy prince Britton, the ‘bestest’ fairy here within Fairyland. Britton, he was coming to gather some fruit and other food stuff for his dinner meal. I…I thought I would help me…him. Since…since I don’t see any of the brownies here…here.”
The old fairy male views the open archway looking beyond Persia with a stern face, where a row of residential houses stands. “The working brownies are located at their residential home asleep. They work during the daylight hours and sleep during the evening hours. Britton, he knows that also.”
I bounce side to side, clapping my hands, faking the same silly smile. “O! Okay. I was trying to be helpful here for him, with him. Okay. I’m leaving right now. I’ll see fairy prince Britton at our fairy school. Thanks for your fairy help. I really appreciate it, fairy sir.” I slowly back step from the archway and then swiftly swing around, skipping back towards my coach, whispering with a nod and a smile. “I did not see a cage. No cages with brownies. No brownies. They are home with a full stomach and a warm bed.”
I stop with a deep sigh of relief and scoot back down inside the metal hard driver’s seat, releasing out my magenta wave, surrounding the and coach again. I slowly lift up from the manicured grass and hover in the skyline, swiftly flying the coach from the mill house back to my fairy school, without incident.


10:07 p.m.
Fairy Academy
Parking lot of coaches setting


I arrive at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy among moonlight beams and slowly dive down from the clouds, landing back down in an empty parking space on top of the dead dirt with the other quietly parked family coaches.
I suck my magenta wave back into my gem stone with a loud slurp and an ugly yawn, sitting in the front campus. I scan the landscape with a smile and my two fairy eyeballs.
No other fairies. No other fairy mentors. No other fairy beasties. No flood waters yet.
I slide out from the coach and do not bother to place a fairy charm on the beaten up coach, slowly moving ahead towards the rotten front porch, sliding around each broken stone step. I stroll over the front porch toward the set of invisible front doors. I have completed my secret mission, whispering with an ugly yawn. “I solved the problem, Mother. And I feel better too, Captain Robert. There are no such humans that live here within Fairyland.”
No exterior lamps exist on the exterior walls on the fairy school. My eyeballs can see the herd of winged beasties on each side, without a single mad fairy family member that had to clean up the colorful pookie dookie piles, tonight.
I march through the front doors and scoot around each deep, dark dirt pothole within semi-dark hallway, saying with a whisper and an ugly yawn, “Okay. My newly revised history lesson of Fairyland goes as following. The trio of human sailors had been murdered and then became a trio of transparent spirits. Okay. A brownie is a boggart that became a work servant for each fairy family. Okay. I’m not okay with the nasty concept of slavery. No. Brownies are humans. No. Humans are not located at the mill houses and neither are the brownies. No. I didn’t see a familiar photographic face of a human inside the fairy library. That’s very odd, but not okay. So, the trio of ghosts live between the rotten walls here inside farting fairy school. They got wood rot. Okay. They got brain rot from wood rot. Yeah!”
I turn and march up the wooden staircase avoiding each pothole and move onto the floor towards my private door.
I stop and stand in the middle of the hallway, swinging around to see the closed door of my partners, whispering with a giggle and a nod. “Good night, my parents! I love you, sometimes.”
I spin around to see the bedroom door with an ugly yawn. The bedroom door opens.
I run through the open archway and leap in the air, like a fairy, towards my pretty ugly bed mattress, landing on top of the uglier patched bedspread within my dirty clothes with a soft thud.
I close my two eyelashes with a grin and slumber with peace and harmony.
5th day Fairy Academy


08:38 a.m.
5th level floor
Bedroom setting of Persia


I open my two eyelashes, shading my sensitive eyeballs from bright sunlight from the early morning, coming through the open curtains. I yawn with lack of good sleep.
I sit upright and stretch both of my arms in the air falling back down into my warm bed. “Too much work! I wanna have some fun today.”
My bedroom door opens.
Yachel enters with a smile and stops at the foot bed with Persia. “Come on and get up! We’re being flashed inside our gem stones. Time for the breakfast meal.”
I view Yachel and look down at my gem stone. The bowtie flashes off and on. I moan. “I thought it was gone, the little girly bow. I bet Molfalso is smashing his gem stone, destroying the already damaged walls,” I laugh with Yachel.
“He did that our Fourth Class, getting a reward for the ultimate violence or something silly.” Yachel grins.
I roll out the bed and stand on the floor brushing the bands over a pair of dirty jeans and my dirty boots, feeling hungry, but not fashionable.
“We gotta where our fairy dress for the breakfast meal too.” Yachel slaps her dress with a sour frown.
“Really? Really!”
She frowns. “Come on. My mom told me to get into the banquet room right now. No toddling, tarrying or tooting with three exclamation points!”
I rub my gem stone over my jeans, morphing into my dirty fancy fairy black and splattered orange colored gown. I slowly stroll ahead towards the closed door with a smile. “What is the next fun fairy race today? Could we be picking up individual rose thorns with our front teeth, this afternoon?”
My bedroom door opens. I exit first and move down the hallway with Yachel.
My bedroom door closes.
I stomp down the hallway and then stop with a gasp. The girl’s hallway is overcrowded with girly fairies, swishing in their fancy fairy gowns too. I start to move and punch a pointy elbow around the one of the other fairies in a big fluffy dress. “What’s up here this morning? Why is it different today?”
Yachel elbows through the crowd and slowly scoots down the overcrowded staircase with a confused brow. “I don’t know. The excitement motion has been active all this morning. My mom has been flashing me with that girly bowtie since sunrise. Get up and get dressed!”
I gasp with alarm and slap Yachel on her naked arm, nodding with a nod and a smile. “This is Friday, the end of the work and school week and the last of the academic school days. Our parents are leaving the fairy school, foreverly. Yay! Hey! Hurry!”
“Yay! Hey! Hurry!” Yachel nods with a smile. “That’s it. My parents have been buzzing around their room and packing all of their stuff too. I noticed the full cases of luggage. I just didn’t connect the dotted lines. Finally, I don’t have to sneak off in the middle of the night to be with Stad.”
I gasp in alarm. “What! How? When? Where? Why didn’t you invite me?”
“First, I don’t invite other eyeballs on my fairy guy Stad. Second, your set of nosy parents had occupied the girly room straight across from your personal slumber suite, Persia. I bet your dad sleeps with one eyelid open and one closed wearing his wrist watch gem stone,” she laughs with Persia.
I smile. “Yeah, he does.” Yachel and I turn and move down the overcrowded dark hallway, tripping over other sandals and stumbling over the numerous potholes.
At 09:09 a.m, I stop with a confused brow along with the other fairies in a set of heated, fancy clothes and lean over, viewing the entrance door into the banquet room that contains food. “What’s going on up ahead of us? Why’s the line stopped back here with us?”
Yachel halts beside Persia and jumps up from the floor a few inches, standing the air with her fairy magic, viewing the entrance door. “I don’t know. I can’t see anything that far ahead of the heated and overcrowded hallway.”
In front of closed door, fairy mentor Ibbie stands with a sour frown and speak into her gem stone. “No fairy magic. No fairy rays. No fairy waves. No fairy charms. Please, come and enter one at a time, after I open the door. Please, enter and stand along the wall, if possible.” The door opens releasing a bright light and a sound of clapping applaud.
The semi-crooked fairy huddle slowly moves ahead towards the closed door of the banquet room archway.
I continue to stand and frown with annoyance, staring over some bone skulls and colored hair strands. “What’s going on inside the banquet room?”
Yachel drops down from the air onto the floor with a smile. “O! I knew. The wooden floor must’ve finally sunk down into the dirt. This is the bread line for food plate.”
The crowd of teen fairies slowly push and shove Persia and Yachel towards the closed door.
I halt and scan over each set of colored hair roots on the small young fairy children and say with a confused brow. “There are children here today too. Why are there children here today too? What’s going on here today with children? I thought my parents were leaving the fairy school.”
“I don’t know!” Yachel wobbles to the left and to the right with the rest of the fairies, running into the other bodies, sneering with annoyance.
Finally, I stop and stand in front of the closed door, saying with a sour frown and a matching tone to Ibbie. “What’s going on here, Mentor Ibbie? Where are my parents? Where are the other adult fairies? Why are there children here today at the fairy school? This is the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy for a teen prince and princess …”
“Hush, fairies!” Ibbie frowns. “You enter and walk to an unoccupied spot on the floor. And then you kneel like the rest of the fairies. And be quiet. Go, fairy princess Persia!” She opens one of the side doors with her aqua tinted finger wave shoving Persia through and then closes the door.
Inside the banquet room, I stop and gasp with alarm, swishing my black and orange funeral dress through the open archway. Each side wall is designed with a series of half-bumps of dull beige coming from the ceiling down to floor that had been presented inside my Coronation Class during Fourth Class.
I slowly stumble side to side in my heeled sandals, gasping in alarm, and looking down at the floor. The floor is comprised of smaller half-bumps in dull beige tinted cut circles.
I slowly wobble side to side and scan the physical room with a gasp of shock. The ceiling, each wall, and the floor display rows and rows of dull beige colored half-bumps going around the entire room. Then, I tumble over the short object, a kneeling child.
“Ouch!” The kneeling child loudly moans but does not move from her folded pose on top of the floor as her face looks to the floor.
I halt and scan each fairy occupant inside the silly bubble room. Each fairy is kneeling and folded down at a waistline which was presented inside the practice fairy queen coronation walk as Fourth Class.
I look up with a gasp at the front of the room on top of the elevated stage dropping open my lips.
The true fairy queen in person sits on top of a dull beige colored bumpy framed throne chair. The chair matches the walls, the floor, and the ceiling also. She wears a magenta long ankle-length gown over her tall body with a pair of matching gloves over her hands. The gown covers her throat down to her two bone ankles. Her magenta crown shines on top of a head of long blonde straight hair. She has a pair of big blue eyeballs, wearing a smile of yellow teeth and a tone of pale tinted skin of ugly tiny red bumps like teen acne.
I slowly stumble over the bumpy floor and then stop, standing in an empty spot. The room is void of naked tables, wooden chairs, food plates, drinking mugs, servant brownies, and yummy food items. I slow kneel down on top of the bumpy floor resting my right kneecap on the floor, sliding my dress fabric to the left. My right knee scoots to the left as I slide to the right with a giggle, slipping side to side out of control over the bumpy floor.
From the open archway, Yachel slowly rushes ahead and then hits the back spine on Persia. Both girls tumble side to side over the floor and into some of the folding fairies.
I softly growl, “Yachel!”
“Sh!” Yachel stands upright with a giggle and then kneels down on her kneecap onto the bumpy floor, staring the fairy queen, leaning over into Persia’s cheekbone. “She is visiting the school today.”
“I see that. So, our spying and nosy biological parents are not leaving the Prince and Princess Fairy School.” I slide side to side on the bumpy floor on my right kneecap in pain, searching for my parents in frustration.
“I guess not.”
I exhale with a puff of annoyance of the current fairy event. “I see my parents are still in here with me, too. They are inside one of the wall corners kneeling down like me. I only know that it’s my mom from her apricot colored ugly cocktail dress. What is going on here, Yachel?”
On the forward wall inside the wall corner, head fairy mentor Daffodil in her yellow dress stands upright and speaks into her matching yellow tinted gem stone. “All the fairies have arrived, Fairy Queen. You may begin your special announcement.”
On top of the new elevated stage, inside the half-bump on the throne chair, the fairy queen slowly stands upright from the seat and presses her gown down over her two legs, showing a smile of yellow colored teeth and a nod with her large magenta colored crown. Her big magenta gems glow underneath the rows of artificial overhead lamps from the bumpy ceiling. “Thank you, Mentor Daffodil. I do not get to visit to the Fairy Academy enough as I am too busy running our homeland of Fairyland. But, I can see wonderful improvements here within the school and the campus grounds.”
On top of the bumpy floor, I giggle with a grin into the cheekbone on Yachel. “Where are the fairy house, home improvements? I must be blind like a human.”
Within the audience, each fairy flips up a smiling face and views the fairy queen, producing a sound of claps and cheers.
On top of the bumpy floor, I swiftly slide side to side in my dress over the bumpy floor, without clapping or smiling.
Yachel softly claps with a confused brow at the queen. “The bumpy floor is the best improvement now. Doesn’t your kneecaps hurt too?”
I growl. “Yeah.”
On top of the stage platform, the fairy queen says. “Today is a special day. We will practice for my coronation this morning.”
“What for?” Yachel frowns at the fairy queen and whispers to Persia. “It ain’t until next springtime, next year. We got all year to practice.”
I exhale. “Because she is here right now and present. Then why don’t we just do the coronation thingy now and get it done and over with here right now and present too?”
Yachel slides to the right and off her kneecap with a giggle, landing into Persia. “You stand tall and tell her that, fairy girl.”
I slip to the left off my kneecap into Yachel. “No! Not me! Or not I. Or not never! My mama would beat my butthole.”
On top of the stage platform, the fairy queen raises her fairy wand in the air as her single magenta colored gem stone glitters from each overhead lamp. “Please rise, good fairies! Please, go forth and stand in your parade pose for the morning practice of my queenly coronation. I will lead my coronation parade down to my fairy fort, where we will be served the brunch meal, this mid-morning.”
The audience of fairies slowly stand and slide into each other, producing a sound of soft moans, loud cheers and continuous claps.
I don’t clap and slide to the left and then to the right, slowly standing upright from the bumpy floor with the assistance of my bestest friend Yachel.
We both help each other to stand, wearing our fairy gown. The other fairies slowly swing around and bounce into each other with a sound of soft curses, slipping and sliding sideways over the bumpy floor and then finally out through the open archway.
I hug Yachel as a friend and balance my body upright, whispering with a smile into her cheekbone. “Did you see her fairy wand? She carries a wand, not a bracelet. Why is that?”
Yachel slips sideways and catches her body into Persia. “Ugh! She is old, ancient. Back then, each ancient and dead fairy guy and gal used a wand, not the modern day cool devices, like a palm shell,” she slips and slides over the bumpy floor advancing towards the archway.
I reach the open archway and release Yachel, holding onto the door frame, sliding my sandals over the last two bumps in the floor with a deep sigh. “This entire show is really weird and dangerous.”
Yachel holds the opposite door frame and slowly slides her first sandal over the smooth wooden floor, standing upright on the level surface, saying with a nod and a smile. “But, our parents will surely leave the fairy school today, after the bunch lunch meal with the farting fairy queen. Or they’ll stay with queen, until we graduate into First Class,” she giggles.
Within the banquet room, I stomp onto the level surface with a sigh of relief and slowly move down the common hallway with the rest of the fairies towards the door-less front porch. I nod with excitement. “Wow! The parade thingy line holds the entire assembly of musical instruments, the chestnut ding-ding horses, the stomping draft horses, and duchess winged steeds, the neighing unicorns, and numerous rows of tiny brownies too. The fairy school is extremely overcrowded today.”
“Uh huh!” Yachel strolls with Persia and wears a sour frown of frustration.


09:19 a.m.
Fairy School building (eastern side)
Front porch and gravel road
Warm temperatures and partly sunny


Daffodil shoves a clear footpath between the crowded fairies and slowly heads through the door-less archway, releasing out her bright yellow fairy wave and leaps from the ground. She lands on top of her wave and slowly surfs toward the front of the parade line, speaking into her matching gem stone. “Please, go and get into your assigned parade position. Please, go and hurry. We do not have all morning or all afternoon to waste time. The fairy queen is a very busy entity. We should do this fast and swift.”
From the open archway, the fairy queen appears out from a side door inside the Blacksmith Shop at the school building and rides on top of her magenta colored fairy wave. Her butthole is parked inside the bumpy seat on the throne chair. She swiftly flies ahead through the air waves and then dives down, landing her fairy wave on top of a gray colored tall empty box within her fairy queen coronation parade. She faces the southern direction without seeing the gathering rows of giggling fairy children, tuning fairy band musicians, pawning set of winged steeds, other grazing beasties, moaning fairy marchers, and the row of wiggling short fairy house servant brownies.
Each fairy slowly moves ahead from the building and finally stands in their assigned parade spot.
I exit the building and part form Yachel, slowly strolling ahead with a smile towards the section which is marked for the marchers, stopping in my stop on the edge. I start a new line of marchers and turn sideways searching for my fairy guy Britton. I see my mom, who dashes towards her standing unicorn.
Persia’s mom mounts her orange colored unicorn, stroking its mane, keeping the beastie calm from the set of loud sounds coming from each parade row.
From the front porch, Yachel slowly strolls ahead and stops underneath one of the hovering flutes in the air which had been charmed by Mentor Sondson. She stands with a row of other musicians. Each band musician uses a fairy finger to retrieve their personal band instrument, lifting up, blowing sour tinted mouth air through the mouthpiece and warm up their individual musical instrument for the happy fairy queen marching song.
At the end of the first marcher line, I sway side to side and continue to stand in the first position of my new line of marchers, looking for Britton.
An ugly adult male appears and violently slams into Persia, saying with a sneer. “Move over, teen! Make room for more marchers.”
I gasp in alarm and then slowly scoot down into the dirt, standing as the second fairy within the new marcher line.
A second adult male appears and slams into the first fairy with a snarl. “Scoot over, dude! I’m on the end now.”
The first fairy sneers and then slams into Persia again.
 I gasp in shock and then slowly scoots down into the center of the road and stand as the third fairy position within the new marcher line. I search the crowds for my hairy guy Britton.
A third adult male appears and slams into the end fairy at the edge of the marcher line, saying with a growl. “Get over, guy! I walk on the end all the time.”
Within the new marcher line, the second fairy growl and shove into the first fairy. Then the first fairy slams into Persia again.
I gasp in frustration and then slowly scoot further down into the center of the marcher line standing as the fourth position. I scan the front porch and crowds for my boyfriend Britton.
A new adult fairy appears and slams into Persia grabbing the fourth position, chuckling at the teen. “I’m here. Move over, honey!”
I growl and slowly slide sideways further down into the center of the line as the fifth position within the marcher line.
A new adult female appears and smashes into Persia, saying with a smile as the fifth position on the line. “Thanks for holding my spot, fairy teen! Slide over, darling.”
I sneer and slowly slide deeper into the middle of my forming marcher line.
A second female appears and slams into the first fairy at the end of the line, saying with a lady sneer. “This is my spot for four days. Shift your hairy fairy over, dude.”
The other fairies shuffle and shove a body into their buddy, slamming into Persia.
 I gasp in angry and slowly scoot deeper down into the formed line of marchers.
“Persia!” Britton speaks into his gem stone and elbows a clear pathway through the crowd of marchers.
I spin around and smile at my boyfriend. “I tried standing on the edge and form a new marcher row. But …”
Britton appears with a grin and stands beside Persia, pointing down at the dirt. “Do you see the new road surface? The fairy queen burned the old grass and dead weeds with her awesome gigantic fairy wand, making a dirt road for us to walk towards the fairy fort. She is something else, isn’t she? Did you see her awesome fairy wand? Her fairy wand contains a set of sharply jagged edges like my fairy wrist watch gem stone too.”
I shuffle side to side and look down with a confused brow at the dirt, seeing a new layer of fresh red soil and plowed up rows of tiny sharp pointy rocks that will enjoy my naked toes. “Yeah, she is something else, right. Right! All right!” I look up and see the rows of wiggling children.
Britton leans over and cuddles Persia with a smile and a nod. “This parade practice is going to be so much fun. We get to go and visit the fairy fort. I’ve never been to the fairy fort. Have you been to the fairy fort? Apella has. She boasts all the time. Gable has too. He doesn’t really mention though, like big mouth Apella. Now, I’m going to the fairy fort and I can boast about it too with Gable and Apella.”
I slowly view with a sour frown each line of fairy and beast and then return back to see the rear end of a large gray colored box that holds the fairy queen like a queen. I exhale with annoyance, “Yeah, I can boast too. I’m hot and hunger and heated.”
On the side plot of dead weeds and red dirt, beside the forming rows of parade participants, head fairy mentor Daffodil stands on top of her bright yellow colored fairy wave, speaking into her matching gem stone. “Welcome to the fun final fairy queen coronation parade practice. This is our final last practice, until next year. We are so honored to have the fairy queen here as she will lead and ride in the parade with us today. We will trot, not walk. The unicorns trot, not walk. The winged steeds fly, not glide.”
Each participant sounds with a series of moans and groans into each gem stone.
Daffodil frowns. “Please, quiet your hunger stomachs!”
“That was not my stomach, Daffodilly,” One of the fairies laughs into his gem stone.
Daffodil frowns. “I realize that there wasn’t a lot of bread.”
Another fairy laughs into his gem stone. “No one piece of hot, hard piece of bread, like my hot, hard p …”
“Please, may I have your undivided and quiet attention over here! Daffodil exhales with annoyance and then smiles. “I was very surprised and pleased, like you, to see a visit from our fairy queen here with us today. So, please endure the march for the morning. After the march, we will all tarry into the fairy fort for our brunch lunch meal.” Each fairy sounds with a series of moans and groans into the gem stone.
Daffodil raises both of her arms in the air with a smile and speaks into her gem stone. “Please, let us fly each winged steed up from the ground and into the air waves. Please, let us launch from the ground each surfer into the air waves too. Please, give each brownie a tin pail and a shove, indefinitely.”
Each fairy sounds with a series of chuckles and claps into the gem stone.
Daffodil drops her arms and speaks into her gem stone. “Please, announce to me your readiness for the start of the fun final and last fairy queen coronation practice run.”
The rows of draft horses rumble over the dry dirt ground and then leap into the blue sky. Each set of black wings flaps up and down sailing up towards the white clouds on one side of the parade line. Each winged steed halts and forms one of six semi-straight columns while hovering in the air.
The fairy leader, from the gang of the draft horses, wiggles on top of the naked back spine on her beastie and speaks into her gem stone. “We are all present and accounted for, Daffodil. We are ready for anything.”
On the other side of the parade marchers, the semi-crooked rows of white colored duchess horses prance over the dry dirt and then gently leap up from the ground and into the air. Each set of white wings gently flap and soar the beastie riding the wind currents up towards the clouds. Each girly horse halts and forms one of six matching columns with the draft horses while hovering within the calm winds too.
The fairy leader from the rows of duchess horse rides on top of a naked back spine on the beastie and speaks into his gem stone. “We are in place too, Daffodil. We’re ready for anything, too.”
On top of the dirt, each surfer stands and then shoots out their colored fairy wave over the ground, stomping on top of the wave. Each fairy wave lifts up from the ground and hovers about thirty feet from the dirt riding even with the rows with the flapping wings from each winged steed. 
The leader of the surfers stands on his fairy wave and speaks into his gem stone. “The surfers are all shiny and shimmery in the sunshine, Daffodil. We are ready for something special too.”
On top of the newly created dirt road, fairy mentor Sondson lifts both of his arms in the air and flings both of his hands sideways, nodding to each musician. “Gimme a C-chord please, musicians.” Each band musician exhales a sour breath and toots a single musical note on their individual instrument. He nods with a smile and speaks into his gem stone. “The rows of band musicians are ready to begin the marching song for the fairy queen and her final coronation practice parade, Daffodil.”
On top of the dirt, in the first row, fairy mentor Thurbet paces side to side on the back spine of his ding-ding horse, viewing a series of semi-crooked lines with a ding-ding horse and fairy rider and then a unicorn and fairy rider, speaking into his gem stone. “The beastie lines look pretty good. We are ready for the fairy queen march practice, Daffodil.” He moves ahead, halts, and spins around, posing his ding-ding horse in the front of the beastie lines behind the rows of band musicians.
Faddy sits on top of his flat, burgundy colored fairy wave, holding his repaired teacup and the mismatched repaired saucer. His wave flies on the side of the dirt and not inside the parade line. He waves his arm in the air, saying with a smile and a nod via his gem stone. “Get in line. Straight up line number three. Good, much better. You, you there get in your line, too. The marchers are ready, Mentor Daffodil.”
Daffodil surfs her bright yellow colored fairy wave in front of the throne box. The throne box holds a dull beige throne chair which is made from the half-bump designs. The fairy queen sits inside her throne chair, facing south which is the location of the fairy fort in silence. Daffodil bows down at her waist to the fairy queen and then lifts upright her torso, saying with a smile into her gem stone. “All the brownies spots are filled and they stand in numerous rows holding a pail and shovel. They are ready too. Fairy Queen, we are ready to begin. Please, give me the signal!” The fairy queen nods in silence to Daffodil.
Daffodil raises both of her arms in the air and shouts into her gem stone. “Go!” She drops her arms and surfs her fairy wave towards the side dirt and away from the dirt road, halting in the air, watching each parade attendees.
The front gray elevated box with the fairy queen slowly jolts in forward motion as the queen continues to sit inside her chair in silence.
The rows of band musicians start to play the fairy queen marching song, slowly marching forward on a pair of either sandaled or booted soles up and down. Each shiny silver colored band instruments gleams in the bright sunlight.
The columns of winged steeds slowly flap a pair of black tinted or white colored wings up and down, slowly guiding over the pale blue sky.
Each air-borne surfer ride on the winds causing each individual fairy wave to roll up and down as each colorful wave glistens in the bright sunlight.
Each ding-ding horse farts out loud first and then slowly walks side to side in a forward motion. Each fairy riders on top of a unicorn swishes a hand over their face batting back the nasty, farting air molecules.
In the first row of marchers, I hear each farting sounds while moving with Britton. He moans and then covers his nose. I frown with disguise and then a moan and finally giggle at the same time. I cuddle into Britton for fun and love.
Britton looks up at each flying beastie in the sky and says with a smile. “This is all great. Look at row of surfers having fun in the wind. Look at each winged steed. They fly in a set of long columns. I wished that I had gotten a draft horse.”
“You…you’re trained to fly a duchess horse.” I turn with a sour frown and stare at his jaw line.
He looks down with smile to see Persia and flips a hand in the air. “The winged steeds are all the same. I can fly a draft horse. The only difference is the set of bigger wings. You gotta kick harder to make them twist into the direction you want.”
“Ah! So, why didn’t you ride the winged steed of a ding-ding horse?” I march forward in my sandals over the soft red dirt with a giggle and a grin.
Daffodil slowly guides on top of her bright yellow colored fairy wave beside the throne box with fairy queen observing each section, row, and column of beasties, steeds, and fairies. She says with a smile into her gem stone. “I can hear the marching song. Very nice selection, Mentor Sondson! I smell the farting ding-ding horses. Not very nice selection, Mentor Thurbet!” she chuckles. “Some of the winged steeds are flying ahead of the fairy queen. Please, pull back on the mane hairs of your steed. I know that they are both feisty and untamed, but this is the fairy queen’s parade. I can see some of the surfers have gotten out of line from the roaming and soaring semi-columns. Please, sail in your hot spot only. This is a parade, not a race. The teen fairy races have concluded for the day and the night. Please, all fairies, tarry to the fairy fort for the food and fun, later today.”
In the first row of marchers, Britton continue to move down the red dirt with a sour frown. “They…they were taken like the unicorns. I would’ve ridden a unicorn too.”
I smile. “You’re walking with me. I like walking the fresh air, the soft dirt, the tiny pebbles between my naked toes.” I kick my sandal from the ground, flinging out a tiny rock to the side of the newly constructed red clay dirt road, looking up to see the skyline. A violet colored fairy wave drops down and hits the dirt.
I follow the fairy wall with a smile and then look up to see the blue skyline. The skyline glitters with numerous colored fairy waves that swiftly drop down from the white clouds. I smile with a nod. “Ah, nice! A pretty part of the parade, I guess.”
Each colored fairy wave hits down on top of the dry red tinted dirt, swirling a set of angry dust balls into the air. Then a burning fairy ray appears and sizzles, cooking a patch of dead and healthy grass into a pile of gray ash.
I continue to march and as my eyeballs absorb a pretty usually sight in silence.
Britton swiftly drags Persia down over the dirt covering her body for protection. I mumble into his chest, without seeing the action. “What’s happening?” I can hear the neigh from each beastie and ear-piercing scream from numerous fairies. I can feel the sizzling heat from each the attacking fairy ray fumes drift through the air, making the temperature air hot and heated over my body coming from each attacking fairy wave.
On top of Persia, Britton pants with panic and ducks his face down into her back spine, watching each firing ray, winged steed, and running away unicorn and ding-ding horse, yelling out loud with worry. “We’re being attacked.”
I struggle between his arms with a confused brow. “Attacked, from whom? From what? What’s going up here, Britton? I can’t see anything. Who is attacking us, fairies?”
Britton continues to rest across Persia for safety and studies the sky, lifting up, firing his gem stone. He shoots off his dark blue fairy ray at one of the swooping draft horses, missing. He yells out loud with fury at the fight. “The fairies on the ground are being smoked by a fairy rider on top of a winged steed. Each fairy rider is shooting from the sky and down at us for some dang reason.”
I continue to eat the dirt without seeing the action and exhale with a puff of confusion. “What! How! Why! Could this part of the fairy parade somehow?”
Britton exhales with a puff of fear and a shaky voice. “Naw, honey! This is a murderous attack on each grounded fairy and the row of helpless house servants. Each brownie has been hit with an incoming firing fairy ray and swiftly dies without screaming in pain.” He gasps in alarm. “O no! Each brownie is melting down into a pink puddle of goo. Ugh! This is so horrible and a creepy sight for my eyeballs.”
“I wanna see.” I gasp in shock and wiggle over the ground, sitting upright inside his chest cavity, turning to the rear end on the parade line. I view the horrible sight. Numerous colored fairy rays continued to fire down from the sky and hit one of the brownies on the row, without mercy. Each brownie yelps in pain and then falls down on top of each other forming a puddle of pink guts. They do not move, after falling down on the dirt or over each other.
On the side dry dirt and tall weeds, Mentor Faddy falls sideway off his burgundy fairy wave and kneels down on his leg on the dirt, lifting up his wrist watch gem shell, firing out his burgundy colored fairy ray at one of the fairy rider on top of the winged steeds and misses. He yells out loud. “Fire back! Fire back with your gem stone ray. Yaw, laddie! Ugh!” He drops down his firing arm and holds both hands over his chest. “Ugh! I feel faint, lassie.” He collapses down over the dirt on his face.
From the third row of marchers, sixteen years old, Second Class Nabell gasps with shock and drops down to the dirt, slowly hand-crawling between each firing ray towards Faddy and reaches his grounded body. She flips his body over with a gasp and touches his blue tinted face, yelling out loud with tears of fear. “He’s dead. Mentor Faddy is dead, ya’ll. He ain’t breathing over here. His face is blue not pale toned.”
Britton turns and stares the dead fairy mentor with a gasp and a yells out loud. “Faddy was hit by one of the deadly firing rays. Fire back! Go and get each tart, now.” He returns back and protects Persia, lifting up, aiming his wrist watch shell at one of the moving winged steeds. He fires out his dark blue fairy wave and misses the target with a sneer.
I turn and see the fallen body of Faddy, feeling the tears on my face. “No.”
From the unicorn, Ibbie kneels down on the ground with a stern face and discharges out her aqua colored firing ray at each winged steed that soars over each grounded fairy and misses too. “Shoot the boggarts! Shoot the boggarts now! Use your firing ray! Kill the boggarts now!”
I narrow my eyelashes and scan the sky. Each pair of black wings on every draft horses or each pair of white tinted wings on every duchess horses swiftly flap up and down against the pale blue sky. I can’t see an individual fairy rider, but I don’t see a single brown colored boggart like in the photograph from Captain Robert. Then I spot a plum colored fairy ray coming towards my face and gasp with fear.
Britton fires out his dark blue fairy wave and hits the plum ray, creating a plume of red and green sparks while bending back the attacking ray down towards the dirt. He folded hand burns from the fairy ray collision, flinging his arm out to the side, yelling out in pain. “Hot! Heated! Ouch!”
A fuchsia firing ray hits the fairy queen on top of her throne box, engulfing the box in purple and red flames of fire.
I return back to see the gray box and gasp in shock. “The fairy queen is hit.”
On the side dry weeds and grass, Daffodil swiftly surfs fairy wave towards the throne box. The queen slowly stands upright from her throne chair and then wobbles side to side over the bumpy surface of the box, falling down over the side from the elevated towards the dirt road.
I gasp with shock and still cuddle Britton for protection while sobbing with tears of sadness at the death of the fairy queen. Then I hear a set of strange flapping noises. I narrow my eyelashes at the throne box.
Two tips from a pair of puke green colored fairy wings flap in the air and appear in front of the burning throne box. The pair of flapping wings carry the queen upwards from the dirt road and into the pale blue sky.
The fairy queen has morphed into something different and weird.
Her exterior skin tone has turned into dark brown hue. She has a set of four long fanged yellow teeth inside her smile. A set of long stringy waist-length red colored hair tumbles down her straight back spine. A pair of four puke green wings flutters on her straightened, not crooked back spine also.
And she wears a pair of large blue eyeballs on her face. And the pair of two orange colored curved horns protrude out from her dark brown colored forehead.
The fairy queen hovers in air and smiles with her yellow fangs at each grounded fairy, swishing side to side with a black colored wiggling fairy’s tail.
On the musician row, each musician sits on top of the dirt and then stops playing the song, staring at the fairy queen in silence.
Each winged steed halts and hovers in the air staring down at the fairy queen in silence, also.
Each grounded fairy turns and stares at the fairy queen in silence.
Each brownie loudly moans and then dies, without staring at the fairy queen.
Each surfer halts and hovers in the air staring down at the fairy queen in silence too.
In front of Britton’s chest, I gasp with shock and stare at the fairy queen while whispering for my eardrums only. “She’s a boggart.” I clutch my throat with fear and nervousness.
The fairy queen/boggart slowly lifts up her crooked dark brown colored arm in the air and holds a crooked hand which is filled with five individual orange colored, claw-like fingernails. Each sharp claw surrounds her fairy wand. The wand gem stone shoots out a single black colored fairy ray, targeting a row of hovering winged steeds. Three of the winged steeds explode into a heap of red and blue fire ball and then disintegrate with the three unknown fairy riders.
I gasp with shock and watch each death. “She’s killing them.”
“They attacked us. They all should die, slow and painful.” Britton looks up and views each death of fairy saying with a sneer, lifting up his wrist watch. He fires out his dark blue colored ray at one of the stationary winged steeds, missing.
I continue to sit and do nothing, sobbing with my sad tears, watching my pretty world Fairyland end. I whisper for my eardrums only. “Why is this happening? What is going on here?” I do not lift my gem stone in the air for killing a life form. I do not know any of winged steed riders, but we are all fairies who live, work, and play here in Fairyland too.
I wipe the sad tears and continue to view the horror with a whisper. “Why is this happening? I don’t understand.” I shake my curls and crouch down inside Britton’s chest for love and protection. I view the ugly scene of death.
Each winged steed swiftly dives down from the sky and swiftly flies away from the next deadly midnight black colored fairy ray from the ugly brown colored boggart, who is also known as the Fairyland fairy queen.
The queen fires ray after ray from her crooked fairy wand, hitting and then killing each attacking draft horse, duchess horse and fairy wave surfer within her target pathway.
On the dirt, I continue to cuddle with Britton and sob with my sad tears, watching the horror scene.
Each fairy and their winged beastie catches fire and then explodes into a heap of pretty yellow and red colored flames. The yellow and red ashes burn into a pile of floating pretty purple colored ashes. Each purple tinted ash swiftly scatters across the pale blue skyline with prettiness. Then each pile of drifting purple colored ashes slowly floats down from the clouds, landing over the red dirt, dying in silence.
Some of the pretty colored ashes land down on my tiara and haunt my hair roots. I gasp in alarm and shake my curls side to side in horror.
Britton cuddles Persia closer into his chest from the falling plumes of colorful dead ashes from each death beastie and fairy rider.
The fairy queen continues to stand and swiftly fires out numerous black death rays at each escaping winged steed and rider or a fairy surfer on top of their glittering pretty fairy wave. Some of the horses and their fairy rider explode into a new colorful fireball of colored ashes.
Some of the horses and their riders escape.
Finally, each winged steed is gone from the pale blue sky. Each air of white wings on a duchess horses swiftly ascend upward into the white clouds for protection cover and then disappear from the skyline too.
And finally, finally, each fairy surfer is gone from the sky also or slowly lands down on top of the bloody dirt along with the other fairies on the ground. 
The fairy queen takes flight in the air on two pairs of puke green colored glowing neon fairy wings flying over each fallen fairy, circling once and then hovers over the crowded fairies. She yells out loud with an evil laugh. “Boo!”
Some of the fairies scream out loud and drop down, eating the dirt. Some of the fairies swiftly stand and race into different directions. Some of the fairies slowly stand and laugh out loud with humor, nodding to the fairy queen.
I continue to sit on the ground and scream out loud in fear, struggling from Britton’s hug. He hugs Persia without letting her go with a chuckle and a smirk. “It’s okay. She is the fairy queen just in living color. Let’s go and get into the school for safety!”
I struggle side to side with fear and watch the fairy queen fly around like a common housefly, shouting out loud in terror. “Naw! No! I wanna go home right now. I wanna get out of here right now. I want my mama and daddy …”
The front porch is filled with standing rows of fairies, whispering to each other, pointing at the flying fairy queen with her four wings.
A fairy does not possess a pair of flying wings or a mouth of sharp fangs or a long wigging tail here within Fairyland.
The fairy queen drools a tongue of mouth salvia over a set of swollen pink lips that falls down over her wrinkled brown colored chin. The thick salvia descends down onto the red dirt and sizzles in sound. She hovers over the crowd of fairies and orders with a nasty deep baritone timber. “All fairies, go and get into the school right now.”
Some of the grounded fairies slowly stand and scatter around each other, moving back into the school building.
From the skyline, sixteen years old, Second Class, fairy girl Apella slowly dives down from the clouds and lands her uninjured draft horse down on top of the bloody dirt, sliding off the back spine, standing in place. Her parents drop down from their individual draft horse and perform a fist bump with their daughter while laughing with an evil tone and wicked smirk. They move in a row and face the front porch of the school building, leading the other fairies into the school building.
From the skyline, sixteen years old, Second Class, fairy guy Molfalso swiftly dives down from the clouds and carefully lands down on top of the soft dirt, sliding off the back spine on the beastie, leaning his face into the sweaty coat on his beastie. He sobs with his tears of fears and sadness regarding the future here in Fairyland.
Molfalso’s mom appears behind her son and slaps her hand at the back spine on Molfalso, shouting out loud with a smirk and a laugh. “How many boggarts did you kill up there in the skyline, son?”
Molfalso exhales with a huff of fear and slowly spins around, wearing a sad and red tinted face of fear, facing his mother. “No boggarts, Mom! Those are…” He looks up with a sad face and views the happy rows of white clouds, recalling his mind memory.
Molfalso’s mom punches her fist into his chest with a loud grunt and shoves her son towards the front porch. “Go and get into the school right now, son.”
Molfalso continues to stand over his shorter mother and exhales with a huff of worry. His family members swiftly move ahead towards the school building. He slowly strolls behind his mom, his dad, and his other family members, wearing with a sad face and meek voice. “Yes ma’am.”
On top of the dry dirt, sixteen years old, Second Class, fairy girl Kuelle continues to ride over the ground on top of her blue tinted unicorn, shooting out her lilac fairy ray down into the body parts on each dead fairy, shouting out loud with a laugh and a smirk. “Die. Die. Die …”
Kuelle’s dad rides beside his daughter on top of his red colored unicorn, saying with a smile. “They’re all dead, before you discharged your ray, again, honey.”
Kuelle laughs. “I know, Dad. I wanna to make sure they are all died.” She continues to ride with a smile around each dead fairy and their dead unicorn or ding-ding horse.
Kuelle’s mom rides on top of her yellow colored unicorn with a smile and a nod. “Good job, daughter! Now, go and get inside the school building, Kuelle. The fairy queen will be addressing the attack on us, fairies for some reason.”
Kuelle kicks her unicorn and rides ahead of her parents, yelling out loud, parking her unicorn near the tree. She slides off and scans the landscape that shows a bloody dirt, numerous dead fairies and the dead horses, looking for Walcott. She lifts up and smiles into her gem stone. “Walcott, are you here on the ground? Are you in the skyline still? Are you blooding? No, I’m not hurt either. I’m on the ground. Please, come down here to me. I’m going into the school. See you there in a few. I love you, Walcott.” She trots towards the front porch of the school building behind her parents, wearing a smile of victory.
 On the ground, Britton assists Persia to stand and then cuddles her for protection, kissing her cheekbone for comfort.
I stand inside his arm and blink my wet eyelashes, hugging into his chest with fear and fright, watching the horrible scene.
The fairy queen flies through the air wave like a bird and then lands down on the front porch like a bird also as the crowd of fairies split and part an empty spot for her new body. She wobbles side to side from a pair of bend and crooked skinny dark brown colored naked legs and her two humpback shoulders, slowly waddling through the door-less archway, disappearing into the darkness.
Britton and I slowly advance towards the front porch.
Persia’s mom appears and stands with a worried brow beside Persia while scanning each fallen fairy. “Each injured fairy and beastie needs our help and some medical attention.”
Kuelle’s dad appears and moves beside Persia’s mom, laughing out loud, moving towards the front porch also. “No! An injured fairy becomes quickly infected and then sickly. We do not care for any of the injured fairies. The life form will drain and then pass from life within a few more minutes. Let them be dead!” He laughs again and dashes up the broken steps, moving over the front porch.
She nods with a stern face and follows his footsteps. “Yes! Yes! Yes, you are correct. I am still stunned and I am not thinking rationally now.”
I gasp with shock, after hearing the vile conversation from my mom and Kuelle’s dad. I scan the campus school grounds and view each bloody limping injured fairy. Each injured fairy tumbles down from the air and lands down on the ground while softly whining and whimpering in pain.
Some of bloodier fairies kick their legs out, jerking side to side over the ground in pain. The other bleeding fairies are still and dead.
I feel both sad and depressed.
At 10:05 a.m., Britton cuddles Persia and slowly climbs the stone steps, leading them through the door-less archway in silence, without an invisible fairy wall. They slowly move down a new bright illuminated hallway, once a dark midnight black corridor. Each portrait of the fairy queen is glowing in colored light, highlighting more of her ugliness. And all the portraits have morphed into her new ugly boggart state also.
I continue to stroll, gagging and cough, turning my tear-stained face, counting each deep pothole down in the hallway floor towards the banquet room.
At 10:20 a.m., Britton slowly moves with Persia through the open archway of the banquet room. The room space has returned into back into a floor of rotten and hole infected wooden planks that cover each walls and the ceiling.
I had realized too late that the bumpy walls and bumpy floor was a trick illusion part coming from the fairy queen’s sick mental mind. The banquet room is devoid of any type of tables, chairs, tablecloths, food items, and glass windows, except for the overcrowded bodies of stinky fairies from the short fairy battle. Each wall is sectioned off, holding a group of specific fairies.
The forward wall, which is opposite from the entrance archway, dangles that dirty black tinted, patched multi-colored long curtain behind the newly modified fairy queen.
The fairy queen/boggart has re-created her ugly beige tinted bumpy-shaped throne chair, sitting with her naked crooked skinny brown colored legs curled over her naked feet of eight skeleton toes. She does not wear a pair of shoes but her ugly torn outfit of magenta fabric which has been ripped down from her throat and over her arms. The dress stops at the top of her kneecaps, exposing her ugly crooked brown legs and her uglier naked feet.
The opposite wall, which is the entrance wall with a doorless archway, displays a single wooden railing that displays a line of ancient wooden steering wheels, not a single sitting chair for a single butthole. The gang of cheering fairies slowly form a set of semi-crooked rows and then stand shoulder-to-shoulder as each one whispers about the deadly fairy battle during the fairy queen coronation parade in front of the school building that still shows each stinky dead fairy and every smelly dead beastie.
One of the side walls holds numerous rows of fairy mentors. The first semi-crooked row parks behind a line of ancient wooden steering wheels as each fairy mentor stands shoulder-to-shoulder whispering the deadly fairy battle.
The opposite side wall shows an assortment of tiny rotten holes inside each wooden planks with a single wooden railing post that holds a line of ancient and busted wooden steering wheels, without a set of fairies.
Each wooden railing post marks off a dedicated section, such like, no one is allowed to leave the section for any reason and then wander into the middle of the room which is empty.
In the middle of the banquet room, numerous deep dirt potholes and repaired wooden planks highlight upon the empty and unpolished wooden floor, without a single fairy also.
From the archway, Britton shuttles Persia into the second row of standing fairies for a good view of the upcoming action inside the banquet room.
I stand in-between my boyfriend Britton and my mom, wiping off my face of tears, exhaling with a puff of sadness. “Where’s my dad?” I turn and scan each row of fairies, fairy mentors, an empty wall, and finally the fairy queen, sneering at the ugly boggart-thing.
Persia’s mom smiles at the queen. “He will be along soonest, honey. Rub your gem stone over your face and create a fairy projector, like me.” She lifts up her necklace shell with the apricot gem stone and holds over her matching apricot tiara, slowly dropping the stone over her face with a fairy charm whisper. “Projectium mambo…”
Her face becomes hidden behind a projection. The projection shows to another set of eyeballs, a faint outline of a face in the color of orange tint with a pair of closed eyelashes. Each eyelash is outlined in black hue. There is set of two nose holes in black tint also. Her fake lips are painted in the purple hue.
I continue to scan the room. “No.” I turn and then gasp in alarm at my mom’s new face. “What! What’s that? What are you doing, Mother? I cannot see your normal face. You wear a faint facial outline of orange hue that covers her natural face with the silly black outline of two eyelids and nose holes. What is going on here, Mother? Why do you look so silly, Mother?” I huff in annoyance.
Britton turns and smiles at the cheekbone on Persia. “Does it not look familiar, Persia? Projectium mambo…”
Persia turns and frowns at Britton.
Britton lifts his wrist watch shell over his blonde hair roots and the slowly drags his dark blue tinted gem stone down over his face as his face turns into a faint facial outline of red tint with a pair of closed eyelids. Each solid lined eyelid is outlined in black hue along with his two fake nose holes. His lips are painted in a bright color of yellow. He smiles behind the projection, but Persia cannot see his grin.
I gasp with shock and then giggle with silliness. “You…you look like the silly teens from last year, when we had been kidnapped from the watcher station for my non-fun. Why are you doing that? What is going on here? I don’t understand. I don’t wanna be here. I wanna…”
“Every fairy is doing it.” He spins around and flings his arm to the side without hitting Persia, saying with a stern tone. “Every fairy is required to dress like this, here inside the banquet room. Rub your personal fairy gem stone down your pretty face, Persia. The method does not hurt, but tickles. Your face is unharmed but will be tinted over as you clearly see the rest of the upcoming activity here inside the banquet room.”
I slowly spin around and gasp in alarm. Each fairy face inside the crowd of fairies displays a fairy projection which does not readily identify the true fairy.
I complete the circle and look to the side wall, viewing each fairy mentor, who also wears a fairy projection face too.
I can’t figure out the face on each fairy mentor, but I do remember the color of each fairy gown.
Fairy mentor from my Fairy Lore Class, Ibbie wears a gown of aqua hue and shows a new facial outline of gold with a pair of closed eyelids in black and a pair of matching nose holes. Her lips are green hue.
Fairy mentor from my Reflection Class, Thurbet is short, which is easily spotted. He wears a facial outline of sky blue with a set of gray tinted lips.
Each fairy projection face shows a pair of closed hairy eyelashes for a female or a solid line of two eyelids for a male in black hue with a pair of nose holes.
I lean forward and views the row of fairies down my row. Each face from a true fairy is painted in a different hue of color with a set of two closed eyelids or eyelashes plus a pair of rounded black colored nose holes. A separate pair of colored lips finishes the fairy projection.
I stand upright with a huff and can’t figure out, who is who on my fairy line or the line behind my back spine.
I continue to study each fairy face, seeing the fairy projection hue instead. But I do recognize a long black tinted fairy gown on some of my Third Class females by design, of course, picking out my girly fairy friends.
Kuelle is wearing a facial outline of yellow hue with the two black closed eyelids and a set of black nose holes with a pair of brown colored lips.
Apella is wearing a facial outline of fuchsia with a set of black closed eyelids and a set of black nose holes and lips of green colored.
I stand upright with a puff of frustration, lifting my palm shell over my glittering gems of black on my tiara with a sour frown. “Whatever! Anything to end this day of ultra silliness. Projectium mambo…”
I slowly drag my stone over my face as I see the same images throughout the banquet room. A sitting fairy queen of ugliness, a section of disguised fairy mentors of silliness, an empty wall on my right, and an empty floor in front of my face.
I turn and smile inside my projection mask, seeing my mom with her orange face and pair of purple lips. I cannot recognize her motherly face but her apricot dirty and ripped fairy ankle-length gown.
I spin around and giggle inside my projection mask to Britton, seeing his red tinted face and pair of yellow lips, sniggering with amusement.
I return back and scan the banquet room again, seeing the other facial projections very clearly, lifting up my gem stone. I view my fairy projection through my shiny stone with fairy magic and then gasp in shock, “My face is colored in tint of light green with the closed eyelashes in black and a pair of black nose holes. My lips are lavender colored. But my stone is the color of magenta which is a flare of reds and blues. How is this all possible?” I gently touch the fairy projection on my face with a free hand as the mask does not waiver or shimmy, only shine in light green colors.
Her mom leans over with a whisper and a smile inside her projection mask to Persia. “The gem stone also reflects light. When you say the fairy charm, the stone captures and places a particular ray of light and then projects the lighted ray over your face for some teen fairy fun, Persia.”
I puff with annoyance. “This ain’t fun, Mother.” I drop both of my hands down to my side and stared with a sour frown at the fairy queen with puzzlement.
On top of the elevated platform of rotten wooden planks, the fairy queen continues to sit inside her throne chair and lifts her crooked fairy wand of gold in the air and releases out her black tinted fairy ray into the ceiling planks for her attention as the poor ceiling planks burn, drop down sizzling chunks of fiery wooden pieces down over the empty floor. She shouts in a deep croak with a smirk. “Welcome to the Un-fairy Court, my royal and devoted fairy subjects!”
On the second row of fairies, I lean over with a sour frown and a whisper into Britton’s cheekbone behind my fairy projection face. “Un-fairy Court! What is an Un-fairy Court? I have heard that term. Is this part of the farting fairy queen coronation parade? Is this all a joke? Are the dead fairies going to jump up and dance with joy?”
The fairy queen says, “An Un-fairy Court is a court of law, where each non-fairy is trialed and then executed, both painfully and suffering. Bring in each captured prisoners!” She slams the ceiling again with her black fairy ray as particles of wooden ceiling pieces burn off and then bombard the row of standing fairies, each fairy mentors, and the empty floor, producing a very large hole in the ceiling, where a fairy coach could land inside the banquet room.
On the second row of fairies, Britton quickly activates his dark blue tinted fairy wave into a set of fingers and hit away each flying piece of wood from his face and Persia along with some of the other quick thinking fairies.
I gasp with fright, covering my projection face with my bruised and naked arms. My projection does not shake as my eyeballs see an assortment of colored fairy waves fall down at a vertical angle from the broken ceiling hole coming down from the pale blue sky. Each colored fairy wave is tied around a fairy teenager for some reason.
I gasp with shock and drop down my arms, sucking up the air molecules, holding my sour breath in fear.
Floating down from the pale blue skyline, sixteen years old, Second Class, fairy girl Yachel slowly descends down first through the broken ceiling without a fairy projection mask but an angry scowl on her natural face. She is fairy-tied within a light brown fairy fist which belongs to Persia’s dad. He wears a fairy projection face in indigo hue with a pair of aqua lips, gliding beside Yachel, like she is his prisoner.
They slowly sail down from the pretty skyline and then carefully land down on top of the floor inside the empty section on the side wall within the banquet room.
Persia’s dad halts and stands beside Yachel but does not release his light brown tinted fairy fist from her standing body for some reason.
Sixteen years old, Second Class, fairy guy Stad slowly descends next down through the broken ceiling planks and is wrapped within a dark brown tinted fairy fist coming from Kuelle’s mom. She wears a projection face in the solid color of turquoise and a pair of red tinted lips.
Sixteen years old, Second Class, fairy girl Zann appears next and is curled around a golden yellow colored fairy fist coming from Apella’s mom. Apella’s mom wears a fairy projection face in the solid color of tan with a pair of light green tinted lips.
Sixteen years old, Third Class, fairy guy Hadwin is entwined inside an indigo colored fairy finger coming from Gable’s dad. Gable’s dad wears a plum face and a set of lavender tinted lips within his fairy projection.
Sixteen years old, Second Class, fairy guy Walcott is tied inside a silver tinted fairy fist coming from Eadric’s dad. Eadric’s dad wears a dark yellow tinted fairy projection face with a set of rose colored lips.
On the entrance wall, in the third row, sixteen years old, Second Class, fairy student Kuelle slides out from the row of fairies and covers her mouth with a gasp, shaking her curls with a whisper. “It isn’t true. Walcott isn’t one of them. He loves me. I love him.”
On the same row, Kuelle’s dad shuffles out from their row and cuddles her daughter, smiling at the row of teens. “I am so sorry, honey. It is true. All of it is so true.”
On the entrance wall, in the second row, I recognize each tied fairy as each teen lives here at Prince and Princess Fairy Academy. Each teen is wrapped in an individual fairy wave fist coming from a mature and experienced adult fairy, including my dad.
I exhale with worry and lean over, whispering into the cheekbone on Britton. “These are our friends …”
“…our un-friends,” Britton growls at each tied teen, “Our new set of un-friend tried to kill the fairy queen.”
I gasp in alarm and continue to stare at the rows of tied teens. “You do not possess the true knowledge and identities from each fairy rider that was shooting off their fairy rays at us. No! Yachel was on the ground a few feet in front of me and beside her mom, playing in the musical band. Stad, Zann, and Hadwin were each a musician in the musician band too with their musical instrument, a few feet in front of us, Britton. They were not firing off a deadly fairy ray at me or you.”
Britton turns and sneers inside his red tinted projection face at Persia. “I fired at the enemy, fairy princess Persia. Why didn’t you fire back at the same enemy, fairy princes Persia?”
I stand upright and gasp in alarm. “You were laying over my body and my dress …”
Persia’s mom leans over into her daughter and Britton. “Hush, fairies! Shush here! This is the beginning and ending right now of the non-friends during the Un-fairy Count,” she stands upright with a huff of annoyance and smiles through her fairy projection at the young teens.
I turn and frown at her nose-less fairy projection in orange hue. “What is the beginning and ending right now, Mother? Who are the non-friends of fairies? What is an Un-fairy Count? Why is my dad holding my bestest friend and my dearest neighbor Yachel, Mother?”
On top of the elevated stage, the queen continues to stand and places her wand near to her open mouth, saying with a deep croak and a smirk. “Your parent has been identified and named and recorded while riding upon a prancing land beastie or a surfing fairy wave or a flying winged steed as your parent was trying to kill my person. You can see with your own eyeballs that your parent has failed, beautifully. I am so still alive and well and in good healthy for many, many, many long decades to come. So, both of your parents have fled away from Fairyland.”
Each watching fairy with a fairy projection gasps in shock with a pair of colored lips.
The queen lip spits and mouth drools a drip of clear salvia over a pair of busted pink tinted lips, licking a long pink tongue over her red and pimpled face and as she says with a deep croak and a smirk. “Therefore, you will stand in their place for each and every killing fairy crime of cold-blooded murder. Your parent had fired death upon the good fairies here within Fairyland. I find each one of you guilty of the crime for your parent …”
On the side wall, teen Yachel twists side to side inside the light brown fairy fist without shifting her arms and her feet. shouting out loud with a lady sneer to the fairy queen. “I didn’t fire my fairy ray. I didn’t harm any fairy. I used my musical flute to bat away the other fairy waves away from me, before getting my butthole murdered, too, ya ugly boggart witch.”
On top of the throne box, the queen shouts out loud, “Silence!” She performs a mouth drool with her tongue salvia over a pair of swollen pink tinted lips without sucking inside the liquid. “I am queen here. However, I will allow a vote of guilty from the other good fairies here inside the Un-fairy Court too. Please, raise an arm or two for guilt from each un-fairy criminal,” she laughs with the other fairies and lifts up her free in the air as the other fairies shoot up an arm towards the ceiling, but one fairy.
I reach over and slam the raised arm on my mom down to the floor, leaning over, sneering into her orange tinted cheekbone, “Mother, Yachel is innocent …”
On the side wall, Yachel turns and frowns at entrance wall, seeing rows of disguised fairy, shouting out loud with a furious tone. “You wear a fairy protection mask. I can’t see your true face, but I know who you are. And I will remember you and this event too. Don’t think that I can’t see you for what you really are a batch of b …”
“Back in line, un-fairy criminal!” The queen points a skinny finger at Yachel, “Hold your fairy fist on that one tighter, fairy.”
Persia’s dad nods to the fairy queen and wraps his three fairy fingers around Yachel as she turns and sneers in his face with angry also.
On the second row of fairies, Persia’s mom turns and sneers at her daughter, raising her arm in the air, wiggling her fingers, for fun. “A parent is responsible for the welfare and safety of her child. Thus, a child is responsible for the crime of her parent …”
I gasp in alarm. “Where is that fingernail-written, Mother?”
“A fairy law,” Her mom smirks inside her fairy projection mask.
“What fairy law?” I gasp in shock.
Her mom turns with a smile and views the fairy queen. “Hush, Persia!”
On top of the stage platform, the queen tongue drools with numerous dripping salvia droplets while flowing down a chin, nodding to wall of teen fairies, lifting up her fairy wand, “I see. I hear. I smell. Now, it is done. Each one of you have been found guilty of cold-blooded murder by the queen and the all the fair and good fairies here within Fairyland.”
I gasp in alarm and turn, staring at the fairy queen with her proclamation, “Mother!”
“Hush, Persia!” Her mom smiles and drops her arm with a chuckle.
Britton leans over and hugs Persia with a smile, watching the fairy queen and the captured teens. “Shush now! Watch this, Persia!”
The queen mouth drools at the wall of fairies. “Your individual punishment is death. Your death sentence will be carried out by the fairy queen and the rest of the fairies here inside this enclosed Un-fairy court room.”
Each fairy projection face produced a series of soft chuckles and head nods, since you cannot see an individual smile.
I gasp in alarm and turn to stare at my friend Yachel. “No!”
The queen smiles. “Move away from each un-fairy criminal and get out of harm’s way, my good fairies. All fairies assume your stance.”
I gasp in shock. “What stance?”
Britton shoves Persia down towards the floor with a sneer. “We’re in the second row. Sit on your knees on the floor, Persia. We don’t wanna get hurt by another fairy ray.”
Kuelle stands in the aisle of empty space and gasps in fear. “No! Make her stop this death sentence, Dad!”
Kuelle’s dad leans over and hugs her daughter, dropping them down towards the floor out from harm’s way from each future firing ray. “I can’t do anything, honey. The fairy queen has issued her royal command to the wall of un-fairy criminals.”
Kuelle slowly lands down on the floor with her father and sobs with her sad tears of horror, talking to the rotten wood. “Walcott is not an un-fairy criminal. Tell the fairy queen, Dad! Tell Mom to grab Walcott from the group of teens! He’s innocent like me. I love him, Dad.” 
Kuelle’s dad hugs his daughter and lifts his wrist watch shell in the air, aiming the gem stone at the wall of stationary tied teens. “I am sorry, honey. I must obey the fairy queen, like your mom.”
Kuelle continue to sob with her sad tears and rests on top of the floor, staring at Walcott. Walcott hugs one of the other First Class fairy girls as they do not know each other but are scary anyways.
I kneel down on my kneecaps with a worried brow. “What fairy ray?” I cuddle inside Britton’s chest and stare at Yachel.
Britton continues to aim his gem stone at the wall of teens and whispers back to Persia. “Do what the fairy queen says? Point and aim your gem stone at the group of un-fairy criminals …”
“No! Naw! Yachel is in there along with our friends Stad and Zann and Walcott …”
Britton continues to smile inside his mask and aims his gems tone at the huddle of teens. Sadly, with his limited fairy skills, his dark blue tinted fairy ray can only kill one life form at a time. He sneers back at Persia. “She is an un-fairy criminal along with the other un-fairy criminals including Stad and Zann and the other teens. She and the other teen un-fairy criminals must die for their fairy crimes of cold-blooded murder. This is the fairy law here within our home Fairyland. Aim your gem stone at the huddle of un-fairy criminals, Persia.”
I scan the room and gasp with shock, shaking my curls, sobbing with my sad tears.
Each fairy mentor is staggered inside their section, still wearing the silly fairy projection mask too. The first row of mentors sits flat down on the floor like Persia.
The second row of mentors bends down at their kneecaps.
The last row of mentors stands against wall.
Each fairy mentor aims their individual glittering gem stone at Yachel and the other teen fairies, who are a group of un-fairy criminals.
I gasp with fear. “No!” I understand. Each fairy stance is staggered in a different height within a different level, so each fairy gem stone ray will hurt and then kill Yachel and the other teen fairies in cold-blooded murder. Each teen is tied and can’t reach their gem stone.
A fairy is not a witch. Each gem stone must touch the fairy body and also work with a softly or loudly spoken fairy charm.
I continue to sob with my tears. My bestest friend and dearest neighbor Yachel is going to die, right before my blurry eyeballs. I can’t stop it. The entire population of Fairyland has gone crazy with the wicked fairy queen, who is a monster now.
Britton slides his wrist watch over in the air with a soft grunt, aiming his gem stone with a grin at his school mate Stad, whispering with an evil chuckle. “Raise your stone at our un-fairy friends or un-fairy criminal or murderous teens, Persia!”
“No!” I shake the curls and cross my arms tickling the armpits with a worried brow. “Naw! Nope! Never!”
On top of the floor, Kuelle covers the mouth with a gasp of horror and shakes the curls without touching her choker.
Kuelle’s mom releases her fairy fist from Stad and scoots backward with a giggle and halts, touching the dark brown gem stone inside her throat choker, aiming at Stad. He smirks with an evil chuckle.
Kuelle’s dad leans over and hugs his daughter, aiming his gem stone ring at the gang of bound teens. “We have to do this, honey. Lift your gem stone choker like the fairy queen orders!”
Kuelle sobs with tears. “No, I can’t kill Walcott. He’s innocent. Make the fairy queen stop! She’ll harm Walcott. He will …”
The dad of Kuelle continues to aim his gem stone ring at the teens. “I am so sorry, honey. I can’t stop the orders from the fairy queen of Fairyland. She is our leader.”
Molfalso sobs with tears, rolling down his face, seeing his girl Zann with the other un-fairy criminal teens. He stands between his mom and his dad, wearing a silly facial projection in dark brown tint and a pair of orange lips.
His mom elbows her son with a lady sneer. “Lift your gem stone belt buckle, Molfalso.” He does not move but stares at Zann, sobbing with his rolling tears.
She reaches down and rips off the belt buckle from Molfalso’s waist, handing to her son with a growl. “Fire and kill all the un-fairy criminals, when the queen shouts the order, son!” She lifts up and aims her necklace shell at the group of teen fairies that stand behind a row of steering wheels, smiling with soft laughter.
He continues to stand and exhales with a huff of fear, sobbing with his tears, holding the belt buckle between his hands. He stares at Zann with love and sadness.
On the fourth row, Eadric and Nabell stand side by side and lift up their gem stone, aiming at the huddle of un-fairy criminals, wearing a grin and a chuckle. They wait for the queen’s command.
On the third row, Gable stands beside his mom and lifts his cuff link shell with the embedded lime green gem stone in the air, closing his eyelids inside his fairy projection in lavender with a pair of brown lips. He doesn’t want to see a cold-blooded murder of each teen fairy. Some of the teens are his fellow fairies from the Second Class.
On the first row, Apella stands beside her daddy and reaches up, touching her gold tinted earring, targeting at Yachel. She whispers with a smile and a giggle. “Yes, I get the last laugh, here, un-fairy criminal Yachel.”
On the side wall inside the banquet room, Yachel cuddles inside the arms of Stad, sobbing with her sad tears, whispering with a sad face. “I don’t wanna die. I didn’t do nothing wrong. I didn’t shoot my fairy ray at any other fairy. I didn’t harm anyone. Why is this happening? Where are my parents?”
Stad hugs and kisses her forehead, pulling back with a stern face, facing the rows of angry fairies. “We die together, I love you, Yachel.”
Zann cuddles with Hadwin, sobbing with her set of tears and a sad pout. “I didn’t harm anyone, either. I didn’t fire my wave. I was playing my drum.”
Hadwin whispers with a stern face to the row of fairies. “I know.”
“I love you, Stad.” Yachel closes her eyelashes while sobbing with tears, without facing her teen death.
On the second row, I can’t close my eyelashes of tears. I watch Yachel, Stad, Hadwin, Zann, and the other teens. The group of teens huddle together while waiting to die. I sob with tears, seeing a set of blurry lines within my vision.
On top of the throne box, the queen slowly stands upright from her throne chair. Actually, her humped back doesn’t allow an upright pose, so she slumps both of her shoulders forward. She performs a tongue of mouth drool and a smirk into her gem stone, aiming a jagged magenta gem stone at the front of row of un-fairy teens with Yachel, Stad, Hadwin, Walcott and Zann. “Ready! Aim…”
A swarm of pretty and colorful houseflies buzzes around the skull on the queen, attacking each one of her blue tinted irises. The queen gasps in shock and swishes a free hand around the face, batting back at each housefly, missing.
Each housefly soars away from her face. She aims a jagged magenta gem stone on the front row at Zann with a yell. “Ready! Aim…”
Then the same set of colorful house flies attack her eyeballs again. The queen lifts up her free hand and bats back each housefly, missing again. The flies buzz away from her face.
She shouts out loud with fury. “Ready! Aim! Die!” Each housefly separates from the swarm flying ahead and halts, hovering in front each railing with a line of wooden steering wheels. Then a colorful fairy wall appears in front of each rail on each wall.
On the entrance wall, in the first row, sixteen years old, Second Class, fairy gal Apella presses and fires out her golden fairy ray coming from her earring. Her shooting ray slams into a blue colored fairy wall, absorbing the entire golden wave. The wall shimmers side to side in pretty blue colors.
I wipe the tears with a gasp of relief and disbelief while seeing that the golden wave and other fairy shooting rays absorb into a tall and pretty blue wall.
On the opposite side wall, Mentor Kaapo aims her gem stone and releases out an amber fairy ray toward the front row of un-fairy teens and as her amber ray is nicely absorbed into a green colored wall in front of the line of wooden steering wheels. She sneers and fires another amber fairy ray for a second time. The green wall shimmers side to side and absorbs her second amber wave again.
Standing outside the blue wall, there is a tall female. She performs a hand wave and a smile to the rows of the angry fairies on the entrance wall inside the banquet room.
The blue colored housefly had morphed into an extremely tall female unfamiliar life form with a head, two arms and a hidden pair of legs.
The female displays a tall and queen-sized fairy, wearing an ankle-length plantation dress which is covered in glittering sequins of blue color, a matching tiara, a matching ankle-length cape, a pair of matching elbow length gloves with a warm smile and a wicked-looking blue colored gem stone on top of her silver tinted wand. Her personal wand holds a rock that is sharp and pointy on both ends. The rock is logged between each end point on the silver tinted cylinder. And the rocky gem stone has created the colored wall in front of each wooden railing like a fairy jail prison cell, sorta.
The other three houseflies had morphed into three other female life forms also.
Each female is a tall and queen-sized fairy, wearing an ankle-length gown, a pair of elbow length gloves, a fairy tiara, an ankle-length fairy cape, holding a wand, showing off an individual color in either pink, green, or yellow.
In front of the elevated platform stage, a pink-colored dress on the tall female fairy stands in front of a pink tinted fairy wall, saying with a smile and a nod to the fairy queen, “O! It is so nice to see you again, Fairy Queen.”
Behind the pink tinted fairy wall, on top of the throne box, the fairy queen gasps in shock and then perform a mouth spit, saying with a sneer at the fairy. “Fairy Godmother West, I am most displeased.” 
On the entrance wall, in the second row, on the floor, I lean over with a whisper and a smile into the cheekbone of my mom. “Is she really a fairy godmother, Mom? She is a really fairy godmother.”
Persia’s mom looks down and performs a mouth spit down on the floor, saying with a lady sneer, staring at the fairy in front of her section. “She is at that. And she is supposed to be a fairy godmother to us, fairies, not the group of un-fairy criminals.”
Britton frowns at each queen-sized fairy godmother. “She has saved all the un-fairy criminals from my death fairy wave.”
Persia’s mom mouth spits again down on the floor with a lady sneer. “She did at that too.”
I smile with a whisper. “She saved Yachel and all the other fairy teens. Yeah!”
On top of the elevated stage, in front of the throne box, behind the pink tinted fairy wall, the fairy queen sneers at the Fairy Godmother West. “You didn’t belong here, four fairy godmaggots.”
On the side wall, Fairy Godmother North stands in front of a yellow fairy wall that holds Yachel and the other fairy teens, wearing a long yellow fairy gown, saying with a smile and a nod to each un-fairy teen. “Yes, ma’am! We do belong here and everywhere. Are you ready to leave, children?”
On the first row, behind the yellow tinted fairy wall, Yachel opens up her eyelashes and gasps with the confusion, wiping off her tears with a puzzled brow, staring at Fairy Godmother North. “Leave! Where are we to leave and then go?”
On the opposite side wall, Fairy Godmother South stands in front of a green colored fairy wall and as each captured fairy mentor continue to sneers and perform a mouth spit down on floor. Her fairy godmother power holds in place a shimmery green fairy wall in front of the line of steering wheels. She displays a wickedly jagged green colored gem stone on top of her fairy wand. Each fairy mentor cannot walk or fire through the powerful fairy godmother wall.
Fairy Godmother South shakes a long black colored ponytail with a grin and a giggle. “You have all been very naughty today. Too bad, I can’t punish each one of you, too.”
Fairy Mentor Ibbie lifts up her broach pin and fires out her aqua fairy ray into the green colored fairy godmother wall. The wall eats up the aqua wave. She sneers with a set of curled lips. “I promise. We will punish you, four no good for nothings.”
“Awe! We are still friends. Yay!” Fairy Godmother South winks at each angry fairy mentor.
In front of the pink tinted wall, the fairy queen sneers and laughs to Fairy Godmother West. “Four against eight ain’t good odds, Fairy Godmother West. Fire, ya’ll!”
The seven remaining and alive fairy mentors, consisting of Ibbie, Oviv, Kaapo, Sondson, Daffodil, Hamlicar, and Thurbet, aim an individual glittering gem stone and then fire their individual colorful fairy deadly ray into the solid fairy godmother green tinted wall and as the fairy wall continues to block each deadly fairy ray discharge and every shuffling fairy body.
Mentor Xing continue to stay outside attending to each injured winged steed.
Mentor Faddy is dead along with some of the other fairy mentors.
Inside the banquet room, the fairy godmother green wall, in front of the seven fairy mentors, slightly wobbles side to side from the combined intensity of the powerful seven fairy mentors.
On top of the elevated stage, in front of the throne box, the fairy queen discharges her wicked fairy wand, producing a black colored fairy ray, hitting the individual fairy godmother pink wall that blocks her body motion too. The fairy godmother wall shifts side to side without producing an opening hole, yet.
On the entrance wall, the other fairies lift up their individual gleaming colorful gem stone and shoot out an individual colored deadly, fairy ray at the blue tinted fairy godmother wall, which blocks and protects Fairy Godmother East.
In front of her blue tinted solid wall, Fairy Godmother East watches with amusement as her fairy godmother blue tinted wall slowly diminish from the combined strength coming from each mature and experience adult fairy. She smiles with a nod to the rows of angry fairies. “Eight is a backward derivative of four. Four is the prime number.”
“Eight divided by four is two,” Fairy Godmother North watches her fairy godmother yellow tinted wall slowly waffle in front of the huddle of un-fairy teens that protects them from the nasty fairy mentors and other angry fairies. She smiles with a nod to the teens. “I love math.”
“Sixty-four divided by four equals sixteen.” Fairy Godmother East watches her fairy godmother blue tinted solid wall and smiles with a nod to the group of angry fairies. The wall continues to shake and shimmy in blue colors.
“How much is four plus sixteen?” Fairy Godmother West stands behind her pink tinted fairy godmother wall and grins to the fairy queen.
The queen continues to blast the wall with a sneer. “Twenty.”
In front of the yellow tinted fairy godmother wall, Fairy Godmother North winks at the huddle of captured un-fairy teens. “Wrong! The answer is none. And we are all gone. Bye, ya’ll!”
Her yellow fairy godmother wall completely vanishes and as she captures up each un-fairy teen fairy and then disappears with them in a puff of yellow smoke inside the banquet room.
Then, the three other fairy godmother walls completely vanish in colored smoke as each smoke stacks slowly drifts up and around the banquet room, wiping away each silly fairy projection mask, making each fairy face appear normal again.
On the second row of fairies, I gasp in shock and feel my face tickle from the impact of the fairy godmother magic as my gem stone paint dissipates along with the other fairies.
One top of the elevated stage, in front of the throne box, the fairy queen performs a mouth spit of salvia in the air and blows out her clear nose snot over the platform, raising a fist in the air, without her fairy wand. She sneers at each smoke stack like it was each fairy godmother person. “Come back here and fight you, four fairy goof balls!” The queen laughs out loud with a nod and waves her free arm around the air. “The four fairy goody-goody girls have lost. They have now disclosed their hidden tree house residence, inside my mind, which is located somewhere within the northern part of our shared home of Fairyland. For years, decades, and centuries, I have personally searched to seek their secret hidden hideaway. Now, we can easier trace their dissolving sweet colored fairy dust back to their secretly hidden tree house. Now, I order a scouting group to track the trial of colorful fairy dust, uncovering their secretly hidden tree house. The scouting group must comprise only teens, no adults. A fairy godmother cannot harm a child or a teenager but can destroy an adult. So, who wants to go and find the secretly hidden tree house? Slam your teenly fairy wave down into the middle of the floor here inside the banquet room over there.”
Sixteen years old, Second Class, fairy girl Apella fires first and lands her golden tinted fairy wave down in the middle of the floor, sneering with a nod to the fairy queen. The wood splits into hundreds of individual pieces burning with glowing ambers of fire.
The fairy queen laughs out loud.
On the second row, sixteen years old, Second Class, fairy guy Britton elbows Persia, saying with a sneer and a smirk, “Me and you, we go together and kill all the teens, too.”
Persia’s mom leans over and hugs her daughter, saying with a whisper and a smirk, staring at the fairy queen. “This is your opportunity to help your criminal friend Yachel, if you feel that she is not guilt.”
I continue to sit on the dirty floor in-between my mom and my boyfriend and wear a stern face, staring at the floor. I lift up and aim my palm shell, shooting out and slam my magenta colored fairy wave down into the middle of the floor too. The wooden planks do not burn. The broken wood pieces slowly fall down into the deep pothole going straight down into the muddy basement below.
Britton, Nabell, Kuelle, Gable, Molfalso, and Eadric also slam an individual colorful fairy ray down into the middle of the wooden floor, causing the wood to separate and burn into a small pile of red and yellow flames, creating numerous puffs of black smoke inside the banquet room.
The rest of the fairies loudly cheer for the group of brave teens while wiping away the smoke from their face.
On top of the elevated platform, the fairy queen continues to stand and claps with laughter, flinging a free hand in the air with her new royal order to the brave teen fairies. “Go and get now, teen fairies! Get moving right now, brave fairies! Go and find me that secret fairy godmother location of their tree house, right now!”
Britton assists Persia to stand upright, laughing with a grin to the fairy queen. “This will be fun and murder.”
I gasp in alarm and turn to face Britton. “I am not harming my friend Yachel.”
Persia’s mom swiftly stands upright from the floor and turns with a sneer into the cheekbone on her daughter. “Persia, your new fairy duty is to locate the secretly hidden tree house that belongs to the four pesky fairy godmothers and then report back to us and the fairy queen. Then, the fairy queen and the fairy adults will take care of business with the remaining group of un-fairy criminals and their un-fairy protectors, the four nosy fairy godmothers too.”
I turn and gasp at her natural motherly face. “Why do you wanna do that? What for? What are you going to do with Yachel, Mother?”
Fairy mentor Ibbie swiftly moves ahead from the side wall towards the open archway, shouting with a smirk into her gem stone, tossing her free arm in the air. “Scout team, please, come and follow me.” She exits the banquet room.
At 10:40 a.m., Persia’s dad appears and stands beside his wife, staring at his daughter in silence with a smile and a nod.
Britton reaches over and grabs Persia’s hand, twisting them around to face the entrance wall, slowly moving ahead towards the open archway. They exit the banquet room in silence.
The rest of the brave group of fairy teens exit the banquet room with their parents, slowly walking down the semi-dark hallway without the illuminated lights on each one of the ugly fairy queen portraits.
Britton and Persia leads the group. He follows the dress train on Ibbie and says with a confused brow. “We’re going the wrong way from the front door of the school. We are heading towards the interior of the school, Ibbie.”
I turn and view each side wall, skipping over each pothole, feeling nervous and anxious for my person and my friend Yachel. My fairy life has morphed from dull into disaster within days here at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy.
A few feet behind Persia and Britton, sixteen years old, Second Class, fairy guy Gable slowly strolls down the darkened common hallway in-between his parents, saying with a pink tinted tongue of mouth spit and a sad face. “Fairy Mentor Faddy died from the un-fairy attack. And Nabell’s mama is dead too. There are lots and lots and lots of dead fairy men, women, children and teens, when each unicorn and ding-ding horse stampeded away from every killing rays of death. My parents are okay, thou,” he leans over and hugs each parent with a smile, pulling back with a nod. “Thanks for walking next to me to wherever. Where are we going, Daddy and Mama?”
I continue to hug and stroll with Britton and gasp with the terrible new, looking back over my collar bone to see Nabell.
A few feet behind Gable, sixteen years old, Second Class, fairy guy Eadric and her father cuddle Nabell as she sobs with her sad tears between the twin biceps on Eadric, her fairy boyfriend.
“We are going to finally rid the land of each un-fairy criminal including the nosy teens and the annoying parents.” A few feet behind Eadric and Nabell, sixteen years old, Second Class, fairy gal Apella slowly strolls in-between her parents and laughs out loud with a grin. “My parents had been with me on top of their draft horse. I had aimed my fairy ray at a couple of the fairy riders on top of their duchess horse but missed the tarts. They had been a couple of good riders on their winged steed. And they had stolen their winged steed that they were riding also.”
Each parent from the teenly scouting team is strolling or following behind their child.
A few feet behind Ibbie, I continue to stroll and frown with confusion.
Persia’s parents stroll their daughter and lean over, head bumping with a set of whispered words to each other in secret.
Apella frowns. “Lots and lots and lots of fairies are dead from the surprise un-fairy criminal attack. This is why we’re tracking down Yachel and her parents too. Her parents killed lots of our family fairies with their infant babies, tiny kids, and tall teenagers and elderly seniors. Her parents are going to die too,” she laughs with the others.
I jerk my hand from Britton and cross my arms feeling lonely and sad, shouting out loud with fury and worry. “My friend Yachel is innocent here. I want every pair of eardrums and every closed mind to know that first.”
Apella shakes her curls with a stern face and follows behind Nabell and Eadric. “Not here in Fairyland. If a fairy parent is guilty of a fairy crime, then each parent, grandparent, and their babies, young children, and older teenagers are all guilty and are all punished, too.”
“Stupid fairy law,” I shake my curls with a stern face and a heavy heart.
A few feet behind Apella, sixteen years old, Second Class, fairy gal Kuelle slowly strolls in-between her parents, staring down at each deep pothole, wiping off her sad tears from each eyeball. Her parents hug and pat each one of Kuelle’s arms with love and relief that Walcott is a running away un-fairy criminal.
At 10:44 a.m., fairy mentor Ibbie leads and stomps from the darkened hallway into the familiar auditorium and then stops, standing against the forward wall inside the large room with a stern face.
The teenly scout team members separate from their parents and advance ahead, and finally halt in the middle of the auditorium floor for further verbal instruction. 
Each fairy parent sits down inside the bleachers to observe in silence.
Ibbie continues to stand in front of the forwards wall and grins to each brave teen fairy. “Now, the scout team will leave immediately from the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy campus for their journey towards the northern part of our island. Teen fairies, you have not studied this new fairy magic within your future academy classes, yet,” she exhales with a nod.
“Your glittering gem stone is a source of power for shooting out a fairy wave and retrieving any object with your finger fingers. I am teaching you a new fairy charm, Getteherro. Getteherro will get or retrieve an object that you desire.
“For example, Getteherro, bread.”
A piece of fresh cooked bread appears in front of her sandals on top of the dirty carpet. She looks down and points with a grin at the bread slice. “My aqua colored fairy wave swiftly moved with super-flash fairy speed to retrieve and then to return back the fresh bread slice, which is an object, back down on the floor and in front of me.”
Each teen fairy stares at the bread and gasps in shock as each adult fairy softly claps with a chuckle.
Ibbie looks up from the break and nods to each teen. “Your fairy journey towards the northern part of the island is going to be very long. You will …”
“How long?” Gable spins around within the line of teen and frowns to his parents.
Ibbie exhales with annoyance and continues to stare at each teen. “A long journey towards the northern plain will be full of surprises, too. So. for your long journey, you will need both food and drink. You are not a witch, producing things out of the air. You are a fairy, stealing material things from the ground, like here,” She points at the floor with a smile. “There will be a pile for each teen, containing food, beverages, clothes, shoes, blankets, pillows, and other items. Now, I want you to work with your smarter and wiser set of parents, giving them a list of any other desired items for your personal pile here on the auditorium floor.
“I would suggest to go and find any and all additional items coming from your private room. Then you must come back here and place each item building your personal pile of stash too. On your long journey, say the fairy charm, Getteherro plus the item. If the items exist within your pile of stash here on top of the auditorium floor, then that spoken item will jump from your individual gem stone fairy wave and then down on the ground at your feet, like a peasant object,” she laughs with the other fairies.
“If the spoken item is not found inside your personal stack, then tough pookie cookies! You should have planned better with your set of smarter and wiser parents. Do you understand me, teen fairies from the scout team?”
Each teen within the row stands and nods in silence while staring at Ibbie.
I stand beside Britton and Apella, looking down at the floor, pondering each necessary and luxury items for my survival and my long journey towards the northern part of Fairyland, where I have never ventured.
Ibbie nods to each teen. “A fairy does not wear either a winter coat or a wooly sweater as a fairy is able to adapt for hotness or coldness from the current and present air temperatures. but a fairy must need both food and water. The footpath on your long journey might not provide a fresh stream of drinking water. Your personal fairy pile will be maintained and replenished by your set of loving parents. Don’t worry! They will be here morning, noon, snack time, and night filling the pot of stuff. Part of stealing the object from your stash is replacing the item.
“For example, the water will be inside a teapot. When you receive the teapot of water, drink it down and then return the empty teapot, using your gem stone fairy wave, back into your personal stash here inside the auditorium school. The fairy charm, Puttatherium, teapot. Then the teapot will disappear from your hands or off the ground and come back here into the personal stack at the school. Now, go and change into a pair of worn blue jeans and a pair of comfortable walking boots.”
Gable spins around from his parents and frowns at Ibbie. “Are there any other fairy charms we need to survive on this long cold trip?”
Ibbie grins. “No.”
He frowns. “Wonder if, we run into a bear or a tiger that affects my life form?”
Molfalso scoots sideways and hugs on Gable, laughing out loud with a grin. “Fairy protection shield, dude!”
The other fairies clap and chuckle with Molfalso.
“O yeah!” Gable looks down at the floor with a sour frown, feeling too many mixed teenly emotions of nervousness, fear, proud, and sadness.
Gable’s parents slowly stand upright from the bleachers and move ahead towards their son. His dad hugs his son and pulls back with a smile and a nod. “Gable, do not fight with any of the un-fairy criminals. You are assigned to only find their secretly hidden tree house hideaway which is located on the northern side of the island from the eyeballs of the fairy queen. Then, we all will gather together and surprise attack them at their place,” he laughs with the other fairies. “We don’t want our personal lands destroyed or damaged here on the southern end of the island. Do you understand me, fairy prince?”
Gable nods with a stern face. “Yes, sir!”
I spin around, move ahead and then stop, standing in front of my parents, saying with a stern face. “I need bread, food, water …”
“We know that, too, honey,” her mom continues to sit and smiles at her daughter.
On the forward wall, fairy mentor Ibbie lifts up from the floor and soars up towards the ceiling tiles, hovering near the broken and busted plaster. She aims and blasts her aqua colored fairy finger down on top of the ugly, dirty white carpet, burning through the dirty materials, searing the hard rock. She speaks into her gem stone. “Scout team, I am burning your name down into the school’s auditorium floor, permanently. This particular location will house and hold all of your personal fairy stash pile. Your parents will pile up all of your possessions here including food and water to survive the long journey.”
“How will my possessions know which pile is mine? I don’t want any fairy stealing my stuff, since a fairy likes to steal everything,” Gable continues to stand and laughs at the glowing aqua colored fairy finger wave from Ibbie.
Ibbie flies around the ceiling plaster on top of her fairy aqua wave. “Quiet, Gable! Tell your personal fairy wave, Puttatherium plus the object that represents all of your personal fairy possessions. The fairy wave is smart enough to place all your personal stuff here inside the correct etched proper name on the rock floor.”
“O yeah!” Gable swings around with a worried brow and dashes from the auditorium room to gather up all his personal items down into his personal fairy stash before venturing out towards the mysterious northern side of Fairyland.
I exhale with anxiousness and lifts both palms, saying with nervousness to my parents. “Okay! Okay! Yeah! Yeah! Food and water need to be provided. So …”
Persia’s dad continues to sit and nods with a smile to his daughter. “Calm down, honey!”
I wiggle my arms in the air along with my upright body, sneering at my uncaring parents. “Calm down! Yachel wasn’t almost murdered today. And you want me to calm down my teenly emotions, Father. I can’t calm down my teenly emotions, Mother. I’m nervous, afraid, scared, mad, angry, and furious. I’m going up into my personal fairy room and zapping all the necessary stuff down into my personal fairy pile here on the auditorium floor. And do not remove any of my possessions, Mother and Father. I will be …”
“You will be what or do what, Persia?” Her mother frowns. “Are you ...?”
“I am mad, Mother and Father,” I continue to sneer at my uncaring parents. “I am mad and upset, Mother and Father. I want some more valid explanations with that un-fairy court, that ugly fairy queen, these four pretty fairy godmothers. But, there ain’t anymore time for me or you. So, see ya’ll whenever!” I swing away from my uncaring parents with a huff of annoyance.
Inside the first row of bleacher, Persia’s dad continues to sit and frowns at the black dress hem on Persia. “We are your parents, Persia.”
Persia’s mom turns and smiles at her husband. “Our teen daughter is a little nervous, honey. This is a big job from the fairy queen. Persia will success like always. I am most assured.”
He nods with a smile. “I am most assured also. I love you, honey.”
“I love you, too, honey.”
I overhear the mushy words from my parents and exit the auditorium with a sour frown into the hallway. I race by the other wandering teen and adult fairies, running up the wooden staircase and then stop, standing in front of my private closed bedroom door.
The bedroom door opens.
At 11:01 a.m. on the fifth level floor, I enter my private room and then stop, bending down forward at my fitted waist, exhaling hard from my physical run mixed with my raw teenly emotions of sadness and madness.
I slowly stand upright and wave my gem stone over my dirty, fairy gown, changing into my clean white colored tee shirt, my pair of faded and ripped blue jeans, and my dirty pair of cowgirl boots in pink and red hue.
I look up and scan my room for my personal fairy items, seeing a bed frame of ugly and mismatched bed linens, a ratty brown colored loveseat, a broken side table, and a white tinted reader-chair. “I can’t use any furniture items. I need sleeping items and bathing items.” I move ahead towards the bed frame and ignite my magenta fairy finger. My finger sails ahead and touches the bedcovers as I touch each item with a whispered work. “Puttatherium bedcovers, linens, pillows.”
I see each item disappear. The bed frame is naked, except for the lumpy bed mattress. “Too bad, I can’t bring that lumpy bed mattress.”
I advance inside the bathroom space, touching each item with my magenta tinted fairy finger. “Puttatherium toothbrush, toothpaste, mouthwash, hairbrush, shampoo, soap, lipstick.” Each item disappears before my eyeballs. The bathroom holds a dirty sink and a dirty bathtub for the brownies to clean. 
However, each brownie is dead.
The working fairy mentors get to do some domestic work for a non-fun today.
I return back the tube of girly lipstick on top of the bathroom counter, saying with a girly sneer. “Too bad, I won’t be kissing on meanie Britton with my pink painted lips either.”
I leave the bathroom space and head towards into the wardrobe closet door, slamming the door open with my fairy finger. The door burns off the curved arches and then lands down on top of the dirty carpet in a small pile of sawdust and a series of dirt swirls.
I stop inside the closet and scan each item, touching each one with my fairy wave, whispering the fairy charm. “Puttatherium jeans, boots, socks, undergarments, shirts. Okay! I got sleeping items, clothing items, and bathing items. What else do I need? My mom and my dad are getting food and water for my travels. Well, I guess, I’m ready to go somewhere.”
I back step from the closet interior and spin around with a stern face, scanning my room, touching my tiara. I flutter my fairy cape and move ahead to the broken window glass, seeing through the spidery cracks the far away landscape with tall shade trees and flock of flying birds. “If I was going on a long trip, what else would do I need to bring?” I snap my fingers with a giggle and a grin. “Yes, I definitely need that.”
I spin around from the broken window glass and face my closed door, lifting up my palm shell, shooting out my fairy ray with laughter. I smash the closed door with my fairy ray for annoyance and fun and frustration.
My bedroom door will not open on command again as it swiftly burns from the wooden door frame and then falls down on the floor with a loud boom.
I giggle and perform my fairy dash through the open archway, turning down the hallway, leaping over each pothole and racing down the staircase. I hit the darkened common hallway without seeing the ugly fairy queen pictures and race out the doorless front entrance way of the school.
I continue my awesome first time fairy dash, feeling the cool breeze cut into my face flesh, racing towards one of the ancient watcher stations along the shoreline.


11:24 a.m.
Eastern side of Fairyland
    with the ocean waters and white sands
Watcher Station location
Warm temperatures with bright sunshine and breezy


I slow my fairy-dash and pant from the fast exertion, slowly pacing over the white sand grains towards one of the rotten and badly tilted structures. One more nightly flooding, this particular watcher station is going down with the ocean tides.
I move through the bottom open archway underneath the covered platform, looking up to survey an upper wooden floor with numerous large potholes. “This is not good.”
I stop and stand, lifting up, flinging my palm shell in the air and release out a fairy finger from the gem stone. My fairy finger slowly climbs upward and onto the rotten ceiling on the useless watcher station, flying downwards and lands on top of a wobbly platform.
I stretch my legs sideways and balance my two boot heels down into the loose sand, exhaling with a puff of fear. “This is not good either.”
I stomp down on the edge of my fairy finger and slowly ride up from the sandy ground, through the naked air waves, and then carefully land down on top of the rotten wooden floor, surveying the platform.
I scan each wooden railing and locate the wooden chest on the opposite side, standing in place in-between an open pothole. I step off the tip of my finger wave and fling the fingertip at the chest, flipping open the unlocked wooden lid, flinging the wooden lid into the air. The rotten piece of wood hops over the wooden railing and lands down on top of the dirt with a soft thud.
I reach inside with my finger wave and grab a pair of spy glasses, saying with a smile and a nod. “This is good.”
I fling my finger and the spy glasses out from the empty chest and attach my fairy finger back into my fairy wave, catching the glasses with my free hand. I created a downward fairy wave from the ceiling, jumping on top, sliding down the wave like a playground equipment slide, screaming with a giggle of fun. I land down on top of the sandy ground on my boot heels with a soft thud, whipping my fairy wave back into my gem stone with a loud slurp.
I slowly stand and spin around, dashing from the beaten open archway on the ancient watcher station, performing a second fairy dash back towards the school campus.
Well, I really have learned a lot of fun fairy magic at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy.


11: 30 a.m.
Fairy Academy building location
Front porch setting


I slow my fairy dash several feet before the school ground with a worried brow and slowly move ahead towards the exposed front porch meeting the rest of the brave teens from the scouting party on top of the dry dirt.
Tall, black-colored ponytailed, fairy mentor Xing stands in front of the porch and holds several reins with an individual horse, staring at the scout party of teens.
I hold the spy glasses behind my back spine and tap it with my gem stone, whispering the fairy charm. “Puttatherium, spy glasses.” The spy glasses disappear from my hand and land down into in my personal stash in the school auditorium. I move ahead and stand beside my mom with a stern face.
Persia’s mom turns and frowns at the nose profile on her daughter. “Where have you been, Persia? You took a long time to accumulate all of your personal items for the long trip,” she looks back over her collar bone at the horses. “We were worried.”
I giggle and grin at Xing. “I ran away from home, but I came back. However, I really wanted to run away and hide …”
“What!” She turns and frowns at Persia.
Xing lifts up each horse guiding rein near his jaw line, saying into his gems tone with a serious tone. “You must run on a horse. A winged steed cannot penetrate the territory on the fairy godmother lands …”
I turn and frown to Xing. “What fairy godmother lands?”
The mom of Persia sneers. “Hush, Persia!”
Xing says. “I don’t know why. Well, I do not why. The four fairy godmothers have performed a series of fairy charms over their private lands. One of the fairy godmother charms will down any winged steed or galloping unicorn but not a four-legged ground running horse. These are a set of farm horses which are used by brownies, fairies, and humans. They do not perform any magic like a unicorn or a winged horse. A farm horse will eventually tire of running, thou. They need both water and rest, too, like a scout of brave teenagers. I would suggest running no more than twenty miles-per-day …”
“How far are the fairy godmother lands?” Kuelle stands in-between her parents and frowns at Xing.
“The fairy godmother lands are far, far away from here the Fairy Academy.” Ibbie appears inside the door-less archway and moves over the rotten front porch, down the steps, and stops a few feet from Xing and the smelly farm horses, staring at the scout team of teen fairies.
Xing nods. “Use the horse saddle also! The saddle leather is easier on your tender fairy fanny. Use the horse guiding reins too! The reins are easier for you to drive the horse. Finally, go and hop onto a horse! Who needs more horse riding instructions?”
Apella runs ahead from her parents and mounts at the rump on the horses as the horse swiftly back steps from Xing with the sudden jolt. She reaches down and grabs the set of guiding reins with a chuckle. “Not, I. I lead all of us, ya’ll.” She kicks the plump belly on her farm horse with both of her boot heels. The horse rears upright from the dirt and paws the air with two front legs, landing back down on the ground, galloping ahead and kicks twirls of dirt in the air. She leads the horse towards the forest line on the northern side of the campus.
“Me, either!” Molfalso runs ahead with a smile and leaps at the rump rear on the horse, landing down into the leather saddle with his fairy magic, kicking its stomach. The horse leaps from the ground and gallops over the dirt. He hollers with a loud cheer and a grin. “Yeehaw, ya’ll.”
Gable is being assisted by Xing. Nabell is being assisted by Eadric.
I continue to stand in-between my parents and watch the other teens climb over the back spine on a farm horse with a sour frown. I don’t like using the horses within the evil fairy queen’s revenge. 
I whisper for my eardrums only, “This is revenge, not a war.” One of the loose horses moves away from Xing and advances towards Persia.
Persia’s mom leans over and hugs her daughter, pulling back with a smile. “Good luck, Persia. We will be waiting here for your return …”
The horse stops and nudges Persia on her shoulder, pulling back with aloud neigh.
Persia’s mom screams out loud and swiftly back steps from the farm horse and her daughter, flinging both of her arms at the horse. “Get away from me, right now! Shoo! Go back!”
I turn with a gasp recognizing the familiar horse, reaching out and pat her neck with a grin. “Hey, Sassay! What are you…?”
I gasp with shock and grab her guiding reins, leading her back to Mentor Xing. I stop beside his nose profile and frown with fury. “This is Yachel’s farm horse from her fairy farm. Why is her horse here at the Prince and Princess Fairy School, Mentor Xing?”
Xing scans the grounds and reaches out, grabbing the arm on Persia, dragging her from the other fairy parents and stops. He leans into her face and whispers with worry. “Persia, please, go and take this horse away from here, please.”
I gasp in alarm and scan the grounds also. There are numerous long and large fresh red colored dirt mounds representing a dead beastie from the fairy battle. Xing had spent his time, during the Un-fairy Court, burying each dead beastie with his deep love and sad grief. 
I return back and view the fear within his eyes, nodding with my whisper. “Okay. Yeah. I will. Don’t worry, Mentor Xing. You won’t see this horse again.” I swing around with a stern face and lead the horse away from the crowd of parents and then stop, mounting onto the leather saddle with a set of riding stirrups and a saddle horn on top of the horse.
I wiggle down into the saddle and exhale with a puff of fear, leaning down into her sweaty mane, kicking her plump stomach muscles.
Sassay smoothly runs ahead from the fairy school ground galloping to catch up with the other horses, heading towards the forestland which leads in the direction of the secret location of the fairy godmothers within Fairyland.
1st day Fairy Journey


12:01 p.m.
Northern side at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy
Warm temperatures with bright sunshine without clouds or rain
   and no wind with 67 percent humidity at 71°F


I raise my butthole into the air from her back spine, eating some of her sweaty mane, releasing some of my heavy weight from her back. I allow the horse to gallop at a faster speed.
Sassay slows instead and searches for a running path through a thicket of tall trees on the outskirts of the Fairy Academy campus grounds. She maneuvers around each tall shade tree as Persia leans down into her mane, without getting punched in the face by a set of long tree branches and tons of tree leaves. Sassay scoots around the last set of tall shade trees, seeing the open clearing and views the group of horses along with her mistress rider Persia. Sassay freely gallops away from the thick forest ground and tries to catch the other gang of galloping horses.
I lay over her sweaty skin and soft mane, making our ride aerodynamic too. The cool breeze calms both my fury and my shaky nerves allowing me to reflection on the fast paced weird events this morning.
Yachel is an un-fairy criminal with some of the other teens.
I don’t understand.
Four fairy godmothers had appeared and rescued the other un-fairy criminals and my friend Yachel.
I don’t get it.
The fairy queen had declared war on the four fairy godmothers and the group of un-fairy criminals.
I don’t like it.
However, I have volunteered to ride and find my friend Yachel. Then I will be talking and taking both her and the other un-fairy criminals away from the fairy queen.
Yeah, I like that plan.
I’m take Yachel and my other fairy friends hiding them inside my house or my forestland. There are plenty of forestland and grove of tall shade trees. We are fairies who had been born from tree bark. Okay, we had resided inside the tree bark per the Fairy Library.
The herd of galloping horses continue to race over a plot of flat green tinted short grass about three miles ahead, seeing with my fairy eyeballs.
Sassay races over the flat ground too.
I exhale with a puff of nervousness, not enjoying the fun ride but tense with the future event with the four fairy godmothers. I didn’t know that there existed a set of fairy godmothers. My parents, my mentor, and my friends didn’t tell me.
I continue to trail behind the other fairies leaning down into her mane, sobbing with tears with my changing homeland of Fairyland.


12:46 p.m.
15 miles, north, from Fairy Academy
Hot temperatures with bright sunshine without clouds, rain showers
    or wind and 95 percent humidity at 108°F


Apella raises her palm in the air and slows her horse down into a walk, saying with a stern face into her gem stone. “Whoa! Stop!” The other fairy riders slow, then walk their horse, and finally halt, forming a semi-crooked row with her.
I slow the gait of the horse and narrow my eyelashes in the fair distance, stopping beside Kuelle, feeling tense and unsure of the situation with a worried brow. “What is that?”
“That is called a body of water, fairy princess Persia,” Gable narrows the eyelids with a smile and stares at the new landscape.
“Naw! We are surrounded by a body of water which is called an ocean. There ain’t no ocean water in the middle of a dry landscape here inside Fairyland.” Eadric studies the object with a stern face. “This is something else. We should advance confronting the thing and then destroy the thing and then be done with the thing. We have un-fairy criminals to find,” he kicks the stomach on his brown colored farm horse with a sneer. His horse back steps from the new landscape, instead of galloping forward.
Molfalso scans the landscape with a puzzled brow seeing flat land. “Where are we?”
Kuelle spins around inside her saddle and views the new landscape with concern. “The teenly scout team is about fifteen miles from the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy,” she views a combination plot of short brown dead and grass healthy patches of grass.
On top of a yellow colored farm horse, Britton wipes the sweat from his brow, staring at the new landscape with a confused brow. “That is a called a desert. I didn’t know we have a desert on the island.”
Apella points with a stern face at the new landscape. “Naw! This is one of the main flooding valleys coming from the ocean water, creating a desert along with desert-like conditions. Hot. Humid. No clouds. No rain. And a pretty mirage …”
Kuelle swings back around to see the mirage, wiping the sweat from her brow with a confused face. “A mirage is an invisible object, which is not real, but fake. The heat rises and slams into a cold air, creating an image or a mirror like a shimmery reflection of light. Blast it!” She reaches up and touches her lilac tinted gem stone inside her golden throat choker with a smile.
“You can’t blast a mirage. A mirage is invisible and pretend.” Molfalso kicks the stomach on the horse. “You run through it. Yaw, horse! Yaw, horse!” His horse back steps from the mirage and then stops, pawing the ground, nodding its bone skull up and down, without moving ahead towards the mirage.
“My farm horse is scared of the mirage too.” Gable feels his horse slowly back step away from the mirage, without stopping.
I exhale with a puff of frustration and continue to sit on top of my horse. Sassay paws the ground and then slowly back steps from the mirage also.
Each farm horses continue to back step from the mirage with Sassay.
Apella slides down from her horse and holds the reins in front of the muzzle, jerking the animal forward, yelling with a sour frown. “Come ahead with me, horse! We walk through the mirage leading the other horses. A horse is one of the lowest intelligent beasties. They didn’t understand. Get off your horse! Walk your horse through the make believe water mirage!”
I slide off my horse and step forward, holding the reins. “I don’t know, Apella. I will guide Sassay through the pretty yellow and red shiny image. A mirage is a series of air currents dancing and playing together, creating a reflection which echoes along the landscape. I can see it, but I don’t believe that my horse or the other horses can see it.” Sassay continue to back step and swings away from my grip. I swing around and jerk on her reins. “Whoa! Whoa, girl! Nothing is out there.”
“Stop, horse!” Gable pulls back on the guiding reins with a worried brow and a yell. His horse continues to back steps further and further away from the mirage.
Kuelle slides off the saddle and walks forward, jerking on the guiding reins towards the mirage. “I don’t know. I think the pretty red and yellow water mirage is scaring my horse.”
“Impossible! A farm horse does not see a color, only shadows of objects.” Molfalso continues to ride on top of his horse going around in a completed circle as an expert horseman. However, he fights with his horse which does not want to advance forward towards the mirage.
Nabell slides off her horse and stands on the grass, wiping her sweaty brow. Her white tinted farm horse spins around with fear and run away with pant. She spins around with a gasp and blasts out her dark orange tinted fairy wave at the leather saddle on the horse. The saddle slides off the back spine from the running horse.
Nabell blasts out a second ray at the two leather reins that flutter in the air. The pair of reins burns and then drops down over the grass away from the running horse.
She swings around with a stern face and a nod of satisfaction, looking down, reading her gem stone inside the grin, pointing an arm into the skyline. “There you go, horse. At least, the horse will be entangled into the tree branches and starve to death from food and water. Wait! Hold up! I see the issue here inside my gem stone. We are not looking at a physical image but a batch of horse ghosts. The clouds are colored dull gray, coming from the smoking buried bones of dead horses. This hot and heated spot was one of the many battle grounds from the first Fairy War. Tons of dead horse bones have been scattered around the desert tan colored landscape by the flood waters every night. Now, the poor ghost horses haunt the dry dirt foreverly.” She looks up and narrows her eyelashes, seeing a row of ghost horses with her fairy eyeballs.
“What!” Molfalso twirls around and fights with his horse, wearing with a sour frown. The horse continues to back step further and further from the pretty red and yellow watery mirage.
“Nonsense!” Apella spins around to face the horse and jerks on the reins fighting with her mammal too. The horse continues to back step further from the mirage.
Nabell exhales with a puff of annoyance and points down at her gem stone bracelet. “The answer is right here on our gem stone. Look and read your individual gem stone, fairy tarts.”
Kuelle narrows her eyelashes and points at a raising gray smoke coming up from the watery mirage. “I see a wall of ghost horses coming up from the mirage of water. I don’t need to read my gem stone.” Her horse breaks loose from its reins and spins around, running away with fear in the opposite direction from the mirage, heading back to the Fairy Academy. Kuelle exhales with a puff of frustration and swings around with a sour frown, raising her arms at the rump of her horse.
“Blast it!” I slide off Sassy and spin around at the rump of the running horse, aiming my gem stone and fire. My magenta fairy wave sails out and touches the leather saddle, removing it from the horse, in case, the horse gets caught on a tall plant brush or a tall tree limb.
I blast the set of fluttering twin reins in the air shortening the leather straps, so the horse doesn’t choke from a tree limb also. I exhale with a puff of honor and a nod with my good deed.
The runaway horse will run back home to the Fairy Academy and find its way back home to its farm property.
I swing around to see Sassy and remove the saddle and the reins, rubbing her sweaty forehead, whispering. “Go and find a new home, Sassay. Yachel wants you to do that. Good bye, Sassay!”
Sassay neighs and paws the ground, spinning around, running away from the mirage, Persia, and the other fairies.
The other horses jerk loose from a fairy rider and spins around fleeing away the mirage also.
I swing around and stare at the red and yellow colored mirage, gasping with shock. The gray smoke has formed into one ghostly horse and then appears with numerous ghostly horses. A set of galloping ghostly horses tramp over the tan colored sands creating clouds of tan colored dust. They come directly into my direction.
I scream with the other fairies and drop down, hitting the dirt, eating the grass and cover my head with my arms. I feel the sandy dry dirt scatter over my tiara, my hair, my clothes, and my boots. Then I feel the hot breeze of the air, lifting my dirty face, seeing a smooth flat tan sandy landscape again.
I look over my collar bone and gasp with worry. Each ghost horse is chasing after a live horse belonging to each teen fairy.
Kuelle swiftly stands upright from the dirt and spins around with worried brow, pointing at the ghost horses. “The dead horse ghosts are chasing after our real live farm horses. What does a horse ghost do to a real flesh and blood horse?”
Gable slowly stands upright from the dirt and spins around, watching all the horses run away, tossing his arms with a worried brow and a tongue of mouth spit. “Great! There goes our only transportation back home to the Fairyland and the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy and my parents and my fairy house.”
Nabell looks down and reads her gem stone, resting down in the sand. “My gem stone says that a horse ghost will chase a real horse until it become crazy or dead.”
I lift my palm gem stone and aim at the rump on Sassay, sobbing with my tears. Molfalso performs a fairy dash towards Persia and shouts with fear. “No!” He reaches Persia and slaps her arm down to the sand, ripping off his belt, holding his crimson gem stone buckle from his waist. Then he aims the gem stone at Sassay.
A thin crimson firing fairy ray hits one of her rear running legs. She stumbles and then falls down on the ground. Then a fairy blanket of crimson covers Sassay. She kicks with all of her legs and then stops moving with life.
I gasp with shock and hug my body, sobbing with my tears.
Molfalso swiftly kills each running horse with his crimson colored fairy wave, until each one has fallen down over the grass, dead. A puff of gray smoky cloud ascends up into the dull gray clouds again.
I feel really sad and depressed.
Kuelle frowns with fear and worry, staring at each dead farm horse. “What happened here?”
Eadric frowns with annoyance. “Why did this happen to us now?”
Apella swings around with a stern face to see the desert, stomping forward on her boot toes. “It happened. Forget it! We walk. Hike it, Gable!”
I stare at each dead horse feeling sadness and depression along with losing my new friend. I slowly spin around and move behind Apella, Gable, and Kuelle in a semi-crooked line. The desert is dry and hot. The sun is bright and high. The wind is hot and sizzling.
Apella touches her golden earring, holding a physical umbrella, lifting it over her tiara and her hair roots. She leads the scout team of teen fairies to the fairy grandmother fairies.
I stop and sneer. “Getteherro, water.” A teapot of full water appears in my hand from my personal stash inside the auditorium floor of the Fairy Academy. I lift the tiny lid and pour the cold water over my tiara and my hair roots, feeling the cool liquid. I whisper the fairy charm. “Puttatherium, teapot.” Then the empty teapot disappears back into my personal stash inside the auditorium floor at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy for my parents to replenish with new water again.
I say. “Getteherro, water.” A new teapot of water appears in my hand. I flood my hair and my face again with the cold water. “Puttatherium, teapot.” The empty teapot disappears from my hand. I say. “Getteherro, shirt.” A new clean and white tee shirt appears in my hand, placing the shirt over my wet hair roots, blocking out the heated sun with my fun activity.
Kuelle slowly strolls beside Persia. Her face is wet with water too. She holds a clean red colored tee shirt over her wet hair roots, blocking out the blinding hot sunlight and the glittering stones of her tiara. She growls with a sour frown. “Someone seems very prepared for our fairy journey, finding the four fairy godmothers on the northern side of the island. I didn’t know that we had a fairy godmother. I didn’t know there was an Un-fairy Court. I don’t like this thing that we have unfortunately volunteered for.”
I stare down at each boot print from Apella in the tan colored sand with a whisper and a sour frown. “Apella! She is always one step ahead of everyone. Her parents are also always one step ahead of everyone, but they share their secret fairy information with their daughter. I didn’t know about the four fairy godmothers or an un-fairy court or a fairy tree house either. Mine do not share with me.”
“Mine, neither.” Kuelle sneers at the back spine on Apella. “I’m thinking of turning back and going home. I can ride my wave over the desert and fairy godmother lands and then find …”
“I wanna do that too.” Molfalso dashes ahead and pulls up between Kuelle and Persia. “First, don’t and second, you can’t. And third, I can’t and fourth, none of can turn back and go home.”
Kuelle turns and frowns at the sweaty nose profile on Molfalso, “Why not?”
“The fairy queen will be very upset.” Molfalso wipes the sweat from his brow with his hand, viewing the far horizon with a worried brow.
“I don’t care about the fairy queen.” Kuelle sneers.
Molfalso laughs. “Your parents will be upset too.”
“I wanna go back home.” Gable slows down and strolls beside Persia with a whine and a sad face.


06:06 p.m.
20 miles, north, from the Fairy Academy
Hot temperatures with dull sunshine without clouds, rain showers
   or wind and 105 percent humidity at 118°F


Eadric stomps over the soft grass, raising both his arms in the air and stops. “Stop here! The air temperature is cooler than the desert. And the grass is green and softer than the hard dirt. The sun is slowly sinking into the red sky. I guess we’re out of the horse graveyard. So, we rest after traveling eighteen miles from the fairy school. Xing said to go twenty miles each day. We stay and camp here today.”
Apella swings around with a sour frown and a sneer. “Naw, I’m leader.”
“No one is the leader, here, Apella,” Britton frowns with defeatism, annoyance, and frustration on the first day journey to the hideaway of the fairy godmothers. He aims his wrist watch shell and shoots out his dark blue colored fairy wave over the smooth short grass, whispering the fairy charm. “Getteherro, tent.” A tiny upright hallow tent of cloth appears from his personal stash, which has been provided by his parents inside the auditorium floor at the Fairy Academy. He moves ahead with a laugh towards the cloth flap, flipping open a soft door and enters the tent, humming a musical song.
Eadric aims and releases out his emerald green colored fairy wave with a laugh and speaks his fairy charm. “Getteherro, tent.” A large cloth tent roof appears and shades several feet over a plot of green grass.
Molfalso stares with a worried brow at the oversized tent, parking his hands on his belt, shaking his skull. “Save your fairy wave energy, Eadric!”
“Naw, I got plenty.” Eadric shoots out his emerald green wave again, creating a large rug over the grass with a set of three separate broken and repaired wooden bed cots. Each cot wears a patched and dull colored bed linen underneath the large cloth tent roof. There are a long table with a barrel of ale and mugs.
Britton leans over and sticks his nose bridge through his tent door flap, gasping in shock, moving out from his personal tent with a nod and a smile. He slowly strolls and stops underneath the large tent from Eadric, laughing with a smile. “Wow! A cloth tent with a set of sleeping cots and soft bed linens and nice repaired plates and nicely repaired mugs too. Hey! I see a barrel of cool ale too. Your parents love ya, boy. I’m sleeping right here, today. Someone elses can use my little tent. It holds about four or five fairies in comfort, without the linens and cold ale. I sorry, ya’ll. My fairy parents are cheap, cheap, cheap,” he grabs and drains the barrel of ale into one of the repaired mugs on the short beverage table.
Kuelle spins around and stroll ahead with a smile towards the smaller tent from Britton. “Okay! The fairy girls will sleep here today. The fairy boys are over there.”
“That doesn’t sound right.” Molfalso laughs and stands underneath the large tent from Eadric, releasing out his crimson tinted fairy wave in the wall corner. “Getteherro, food.”
Gable stands on the edge of Eadric’s tent, saying with a giggle and a tongue of mouth spit, pointing at the object. “Woe! Hey! Look out! Molfalso has released his gem stone and then produced mountains of hot and cold food. I wished my parents were fat and overweight like Molfalso’s parents. They give out good stuff like sweets and desserts. My parents only give me porridge and bread. Come in here and eat!” He moves inside the tent interior and scoots around the small table of food items, filling an empty plate.
Nabell appears and shoves Gable away from the dessert table, saying with a sneer. “Ya’ll come over here and eat first, before Gabbie eats all the food. I bet he eats like a hunger draft horse.” She stops and grabs the meat from the small table, using her naked hands, placing the food item on top of a new repaired plate.
The other fairies slowly move inside the larger tent and prepare a plate of food and a glass cup of water, sitting on top of the fancy rug, eating with laughter and smiles.
Gable sits on top of the tent floor, chewing and swallowing his food alone near the corner of the tent. “I feel safe in here, right now, today and tonight. Can we stay right here, tomorrow, too?”
Eadric drinks and then burps out loud with a smile, sitting in the middle of the huddle with Molfalso and Nabell. “What’s the story a behind the four fairy godmothers?”
Apella chews and swallows the food with a smile, sitting next to Kuelle on the side of the huddle. “There are four different geographical directions around the planet. East. West. North. South. So, there is a fairy godmother that lives in every different place. The fairy godmother used to watch over the tree fairies from the beginning of time. Fairies used to live in trees over the branches or inside the trunks until the shipwreck.”
I sit next to Britton around the huddle and across from Apella and Kuelle with a smile and a nod. “The human sailors shipwrecked in the year 1604 along the shoreline beach.”
Apella turns and frowns at Persia. “How do you know that, Persia?”
I sneer. “How do you know that, fairy princess Apella?”
“I’m never met a fairy godmother before. Why doesn’t she visit me at breakfast, lunchtime, and suppertime too?” Gable chews his food.
“How do you tell them apart? The fairy queen was calling out their individual names along with the fairy mentors? I saw the different colors. So, the different colors are their individual fairy names. Do they get some real life names like the mighty Molfalso or something awesome too?” Molfalso laughs out loud and coughs back up his un-swallowed food, re-chewing and then swallowing the food item.
Britton says. “The color designates each fairy godmother’s name. Yellow is the color of the sun which is parked in the blue sky, mostly seen from the northern part of the island. Fairy Godmother North lived there, adopting the yellow color in her dress, tiara, and …”
“Style.” Kuelle grins. “They all got style and class unlike …”
“Continue, Britton.” Apella reaches over and slaps the leg on Kuelle with a sour frown. Kuelle chews and swallows the food with a smile.
Britton chews and swallows the food with a grin. “The sun sets in the western sky, looking kinda pinky. So, Fairy Godmother West used to live in the western part of the island, adopting the color tone of pink. Green is the grass, where most of the fresh green grass grows in the warm south. So, Fairy Godmother South used to live over the southern part of the Fairyland. Fairy Godmother East lounged along the shoreline and beach. She is represented by the color of blue like the ocean water,” he eats more food.
“How do you know this?” I chew and swallow, turning to stare at the nose profile of Britton.
“My parents.” Britton chews the food.
Apella says. “Anyways, each fairy godmother protected the young and adult fairies. Back then, the fairies didn’t have any powers, only instincts to survive by hunting and gathering food like fruits and nuts and leaves and wild vegetation. Then, the fairies revolted and rebelled, beating up the fairy godmothers …”
Britton tosses the bread at Apella, hitting her tiara and chuckles with the other fairies. “You lie good, Apella. The fairies didn’t have powers, because the fairy godmothers owned the stones, wanded the power, keeping for their selfish pleasure. When the humans attacked the fairies, the fairy godmothers refused to help out the primitive fairies too. Then, we fairies were created. Now here we sit, eating under a tent from a repaired plate…”
Eadric tosses the teacup at Britton. Britton smashes the teacup with his dark blue wave with a sneer.
Eadric snarls. “Hey! That’s my water teacup.”
Britton laughs. “Betta call your mama and daddy to fetch you another and then leave it on top of your personal stash into the Fairy Academy, dude.” The other teen fairies laugh.
Gable chews the food and taps on his lime green colored gem stone inside the cuff link which is attached to the long sleeve on his black dress shirt. “Hello, Mama and Daddy!” He listens to the gem stone with a sour frown and taps on the gem stone again. “Hello, Mentor Ibbie and Mentor Daffodil.” He listens to the gem stone with a confused brow.
Eadric shakes his black tinted forehead jeweled halo and a bone skull. “Forget it, Gabbie! Our long-distance island gem stone communication doesn’t work out here within the fairy godmother lands only among us and among our individual fairy talents.”
“Why?” I tap on my palm magenta gem stone and do not see any flashes or words from my parents either.
“Just don’t.” Apella chews and swallows.
Kuelle giggles. “Stop fibbing to Gabbie, teens! Back to the main subject, the four fairy godmothers did not share the power of the stones, since it would create a rebellion like this one today. They were very old and very wise. However, there were a handful of smartie fairies that watched and spied on the fairy godmother’s tree house. Anyways, the group of humans shipwrecked upon the shoreline during the Fairy War. The boggarts and the fairies were fighting and killing each other. Then, fairy godmothers were forbidden to fight and interfere into any type of warring battle always and forever. The end.”
I frown. “Why?”
Kuelle chews and swallows the food. “I don’t know. They just are.”
“The four fairy godmothers are too goody good. That’s why?” Apella eats with a nod.
“Goody is good.” I sip on the water.
Apella nods. “Anyways, the humans carried jars of honey which was used to turn all the boggarts into brownies. The end.”
I look down to see my hands of food with a stern face. “I think there’s more to the fairy tale.”
“Naw.” Apella sneers.
“Yeah.” I look up with a stern face and a nod.
“No.” Apella snarls.
“Yes.” I sneer.
“What more of the fairy tale is there, Persia?” Britton turns and frowns at her nose profile.
I exhale. “The brownies are …”
Apella stands with a stern face and her command. “The brownies are the boggarts from tossed honey centuries ago. The brownies have babies, producing more baby brownies that grow up to be adult brownies. Yes. That’s the cycle of life in Fairyland. Time for bed! Girls, let’s go inside the tent, leaving the boy fairies for the night. Tomorrow, we rise early and walk longer to the fairy godmother tree house.” She swings around, moving out the large tent, strolling to the smaller tent and disappears behind the cloth.
I stand upright from the tent floor with a sour frown, leaving the larger, moving ahead to the smaller tent with Nabell and Kuelle in silence.
2nd day Fairy Journey


06:06 a.m.
20 miles, north, from Fairy Academy
Cool temperatures with bright sunshine without clouds or rain
   with three miles-per-hour winds
   with 56 percent humidity at 68°F


I had retrieved my black patched and worn bedcovers, pillows, and linens from my personal stash inside the auditorium at the Fairy Academy, using the nifty fairy charm last night.
Now, I have wrapped my dirty body around the clean blankets, enjoying my slumber of the cool night.
“Puttatherium, tent,” Britton stands outside his smaller tent, saying the fairy charm, releasing his dark blue colored fairy wave and hits the fabric of the tent. The small tent disappears from the ground.
On top of the ground, I moan and feel the bright sunlight on my closed eyelashes and cover my face with my ratty bedspread.
Apella stands on the grass and yells with a stern face to each teen female. “Get up, sleepy heads! We need to start hiking. Eat breakfast along the way too. Get up! Get going now!”
I softly moan and roll around in my ratty bedcovers, getting wet from the dew drops, jerking the bedcovers from my body. I sit upright on top of the linens and say the fairy charm. “Puttatherium, bedcovers, linens, pillow.” All my sleeping items disappear underneath my fanny and the wet grass. I slowly stand and rub the sleepy crumbs from my eyelashes.
The other fairies slowly march ahead while grumbling and mumbling with loud words. Each one produces a repaired teapot of water and a repaired plate of fresh hot food for nourishment.
I smoothly move over a plot of flat ground of grass and say with the fairy charm. “Getteherro, bread.” The repaired plate with food appears in my free hand. I stuff the food into my mouth, chewing and walking behind the teen fairies.
Apella leads the teens and slowly paces over the plot of smooth grass. Each teen continues to eat and moves ahead without stopping.
Molfalso eats and scans the landscape. “Grass. Flat. No trees. No flowers. Where are we?”
“We are twenty-two miles from the Fairy Academy,” Kuelle eats and strolls beside Nabell and Eadric.
“Are we there yet?” Gable giggles and drinks the teacup of water, moving last in the line.
I finish eating and burp from the walking exercise, saying the fairy charm. “Puttatherium plate.” The empty repaired plate disappears and returns to my stash at the Fairy Academy. “Getteherro, toothbrush, toothpaste.” The fresh items appear in my hand. I brush my teeth, spitting on the ground and say the other fairy charm. “Puttatherium, toothbrush, toothpaste.” The used bathroom items disappear from my hand. I stretch my arms in the air and feel the bones snap and pop, yawing ugly, moving over the green grass.
Apella swings around with a smile of her newly brushed teeth and a full stomach of food. “All right! Halt! We’re going to surf the rest of the distance to the fairy godmother tree house.”
Kuelle stops and shakes her curls and her tiara. “We didn’t know the location of the tree house. That’s why we were running horses, going at least twenty miles per day …”
Apella thumbs over a collar bone with a smile and a nod. “So, simple, ya’ll. The tree house is somewhere ahead of us. The somewhere ahead of us is north. Inside the northern part of the island, there lies the hidden fairy godmother tree house. We’re wasting our time and our body energy, frying our neurons and delicate skin within the hot sunlight. We surf to the tree house.”
Molfalso laughs. “You go first, Apella. Show us how to do it!”
Apella smiles with a nod. “Fine! I’m leader. I’ll go first.” She spins around and slams her golden fairy wave around her boot toes. She and her golden wave lift up from the grass and then soar through the air about ten feet from the ground.
Nabell flings both her hands near a stern face and shouts out loud. “Wait, Apella! This is fairy godmother lands. There’s a fairy charm over the landscape.”
I frown. “Ibbie told us not to fly around the fairy godmother lands, fairy girl Apella.”
Apella soars further away from the other fairies as you hear a loud boom echo throughout the air waves.
I gasp with shock.
Britton laughs, tossing both arms in the air, dancing side to side, “Wipeout!”
I slap Britton’s arm with a sneer. “Not funny.”
“Yeah, funny! I didn’t wipeout.” Britton chuckles with the other teen fairies.
Eadric laughs. “How far did she soar, before she fell out of the air winds?”
Gable jogs with a worried brow to Apella. “I hope she’s not bleeding.”
“I hope she still breathes as our leader and such.” Eadric trots with a laugh beside Nabell, moving behind Gable.
Kuelle jogs with Eadric and Nabell and narrows her eyelashes at the far distance. “The fairy eyeball can see straight for thirty miles or so. I guess she’s about thirty or a little more.”
Nabell frowns. “Geez! Let’s go and aid her. Apella might be hurt, maybe.”
“Apella, hurt?” Molfalso laughs with Persia and Britton. “The fairy charm might be hurt instead.”
Britton chuckles, “I’m glad she went first.” He releases his dark blue tinted fairy wave, covering his boots and lifts up from the grass, sailing over the air about two feet.
Each fairy shoots out a fairy wave and lifts up from the grass, slowly traveling towards Apella too as each one chuckles and remarks with a set of more nasty jokes on her absent behalf.


08:08 a.m.
45 miles, north, from the Fairy Academy
Cool temperatures with partly clouds, without rain
   with two miles-per-hour winds
    and 57 percent humidity at 66°F


Nabell lands her dark orange tinted fairy wave first on the ground and retracts her wave back into her gem stone with a loud slurp, dashing ahead towards Apella.
Apella had landed down on her face without moving in the red dirt.
Kuelle and I carefully land down on the grass retracting a fairy wave back into a gem stone with a slurp and dash to Apella.
Nabell stops and kneels down on the ground, slowly shaking Apella with a stern face. “Apella, can you hear me?”
Apella moans and groans on top of the dirt. “Yeah…”
I stop and slide over the dirt, observing Apella.
Apella slowly sits upright on her knees, touching her face and swings around, sitting on her fanny. Her face is bloody. Her nose is broken. Her eye sockets are bruised. She breathes through her mouth. She removes her golden tinted shell earring and lifts up the golden gem stone, rubbing it around on her face. Her bones crack and snap back into place.
I hold my nose with a soft moan from her healing pains
“Ugh! That sound hurts my face.” Eadric holds his nose too with a loud grunt.
Molfalso chuckles, “Good thing, fairies are self-healing. Or Gabbie gets to carry our leader to the secret location of the fairy godmother tree house.”
Britton stops and kneels down on the red dirt, touching the ground with a smile. “Okay. We learned something new. Each fairy charm has a surfing wave limit within the fairy godmother lands. So, our leader is good. What’s this place?” He turns and scans the new landscape.
Apella falls down and crawls ahead on her palms and her knees away from the invisible fairy wall with a grunt and a sneer from the terrible event, slowly standing upright, blinking her eyeballs into focus in silence.
Molfalso looks back over his collar bone with a confused brow. “This spot holds dry tan colored sand behind us and a plot of moist red dirt before us.” He looks ahead to see the new landscape with a puzzled brow. “We are traveling into a different landscape with different air temperature as part of the fairy godmother charmed lands. I see only clouds. What’s ahead and waiting for us?”
I say with a grin, “Getteherro, spyglasses.” The spy glasses appear in my hand. I slam the lenses over my eyeballs, viewing the far, far distance. “Wow! I see a mountain way far ahead in the far distance, ya’ll. That must be the fairy godmother hideout.”
Britton stands upright from the dirt and moves ahead, stopping beside Persia, narrowing his eyelids in the far distance with his fairy eyeballs. “How can you see a mountain over yonder? I see a batch of white clouds or fog or mist or smog, blocking everything ahead of us.”
Nabell and Kuelle helps Apella to stand as Apella wobbles from the surfer wreck.
Gable moves ahead, stops, and stands beside Persia, holding out his palm with a stern face. “Can I please see it, too, Persia?”
“Okay.” I remove the spy glasses, handing to Gable.
Gable lifts the spy glasses to his face, viewing the far, far distance. “Woe! I see a mountain too. It’s only a mountain peak, hiding inside a set of low drifting white clouds.” He scans the landscape. “I see water on my right.” He swings to the other side. “And water is on my left too. Hey! We land on an island.” He drops the spy glasses from his face as Molfalso reaches over and steals them from Gable with a naked hand. Gable frowns. “Hey!”
Molfalso lifts the spyglasses, studying the landscape too and scans the landscape in a circle. “Gable’s right. There’s water on each side of us. Why’s that?”
Nabell stands beside Apella without touching her. She waits and watches if Apella starts to fall down with a stern face. “We’re marching due north away from the inner lands of Fairyland. No one lives out here, but the four fairy godmaggots. They claim the low lands, mostly water and swamps, except for the parts that have been charmed by their fairy magic.”
I turn and frown to Nabell. “Who told you that, Nabell?”
Nabell watches Apella with a smile. “My parents.”
Kuelle scans the clouds and skyline with a worried brow. “You shouldn’t say bad things about the fairy godmothers on their lands. They possess far greater fairy magic than us, untalented fairy teens. And they didn’t like bad fairies at all. Period! And my parents mumbled that to me in secret.”
Apella wipes the dirt from her clothes and her face with her golden gem stone, saying with a stern face. “The four fairy godmaggots are like us too. They want Fairyland too.”
I turn and frown to Apella. “Who told you that, Apella?”
Apella looks up with a grin to see Persia, rubbing the stone over her arms. “The fairy queen.”
I turn and view the red moist dirt with a puff of frustration, “Of course.”
Britton receives the spy glasses from Molfalso and views the mountain. “Is that our destination holding the un-fairy criminals and their un-fairy criminal parents? How far is that mountain from here?”
Molfalso squats down in the dirt and looks down, staring at the weird circles on the ground. “Yes. I believe so. This is our final destination on our little wee fairy journey. And I would guess about sixty miles or more of foot walking.”
Gable kneels down in the dirt and studies the circles too. “This is really weird, ya’ll. The red dirt is covered in numerous outlines of darker red colored circles. Some circles are big. Some circles are little. And all the circles are not moving in a rounded circle or rotating counterclockwise either. What’s it?” He swiftly stands upright from the ground and points down at the red dirt.
Nabell stands besides Apella, looking down, typing on her dark orange gem stone and waits for a reply. She frowns. “These are called fairy rings.”
“Fairies don’t live inside a ring or inside the dirt.” Britton holds the spy glasses and scans the sky around the mountain, seeing clouds and sunlight only. He is too far for getting a good view of the mountain.
“Use the spy glasses. See if you can look and peek down inside one of the fairy ring.” Molfalso points down with a confused face at one of the rings.
Britton swings the spyglasses down and views one of the fairy rings. “I see. Wow! I see a circle more of dark dirt inside the red dirt. There’s nothing down there but flat red clay dirt. However, I can tell you that one circle goes about hundred feet down into the dirt ground and then stops. This is really weird, ya’ll.”
Gable exhales with a huff of exhaustion. “The entire wee fairy journey is weird. Can we go back home to the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy, my fairy home, and my fairy parents right now?”
Kuelle kneels down on the dirt without touching but stares at the circles too. “There is some type of hand writing around the circle.” She tilts her skull and reads the upside words. “Step on a crack, break your mama’s back,” she gasps in alarm as the other teens laugh.
I stomp near the dirt with a confused brow and squat down without touching the fairy ring or the dirt, staring each circle. “That’s intriguing! That’s a childish fun game, except the words could be interpreted as a danger sign to me. Step on a crack, harming your mama!”
Gable carefully back steps with a worried brow from his spot and points down at one of the fairy rings. “What does that mean? Step on a crack, break your mama’s back!”
Eadric stands upright from the dirt and wipes the soil from his hands, saying with a sour frown and a nod, staring across the dirt. “Nothing! It speaks nothing for us. We are wasting our time here.” He moves ahead and stomps inside the nearest fairy ring, scooting both of his boot toes into the middle, expanding his arms even with the red dirt. He spins around and grins to each teen. “Look out! Look at me! See here! This is a ring of nothing. Let’s get moving right now!”
Kuelle raises both of her palms and studies the ring of dirt. “Wait, Eadric! There is more hand writing around a second ring. Step on a ring, you go zing.”
Nabell screams out loud and flings one of her arms in the air, and then points down at her gem stone, swiftly racing ahead towards the edge of the red dirt and then stops. “Eadric, get out! Get out right now!”
A tiny swarm of black colored bugs swiftly ascend up from the red dirt and cover his upright body like a pad of sticky glue. Eadric yells out loud with fear and swats back at the group of bugs using his of naked hands and one of his boot toes. The bugs do not leave his tallness. Instead, more black bugs fly ascend up from the red dirt inside the fairy ring, outlining his tallness in midnight black coloring.
I gasp with shock and swiftly stand upright from the dirt, covering my open lips and mouth drool with my vomit fumes. The other teen fairies slowly stand or continue to stand while watching in horror.
Molfalso shoots out his crimson colored fairy ray from his belt buckle as Apella slams it down with her golden tinted fairy wave. She sneers at the black-covered Eadric. “No! Your fairy wave will become stuck and then sucked into the black bugs swarm with Eadric, too. He is nothing but a tall black plant bush now.”
Eadric and the sticky bugs fall down into the red dirt making the fairy ring empty again.
On top of the red dirt, Britton gasps in fright. “He…he’s dead.” The other teen fairies continue to stand in horrible silence.
Nabell sobs with her sad tears, covering her mouth and her face.
Molfalso sidesteps and hugs Nabell, slowly back stepping them from the edge of the red dirt.
Apella continues to squat and sneers at the edge of the dirt. “We go ahead now.”
Gable wipes his sad tears from his wet face with a meek voice. “We go back home, please.”
Apella snarls. “I will remind here. We are under the direction of the fairy queen to find the fairy godmother tree house and the un-fairy criminals and their un-fairy criminal parents here. We go through the fairy rings. There must be another way. We can’t fly over them like a wave surfer. Access your gem stone for the new information,” she jerks her golden earring shell from her earlobe, tapping on top of the golden gem stone for the new information.
I back step and continue to cover my mouth in horror, stumbling in shock, sitting on the grass. I stare at the numerous small and large dark red fairy rings.
Nabell continue to stand and sobs with her tears inside the biceps of Molfalso.
Kuelle exhales with a puff of fear, scooting from the edge of the red dirt and fairy rings.
Gable slowly back steps away from the etched series of dirt rings, wiping the tears off a sad face, staring one at a time at each dark red fairy ring.
Britton scoots away from the red dirt and sits down in the dirt, reading his dark blue tinted gem stone.
Apella swiftly stands upright on the dirt and reads out loud from her golden tinted gem stone. “Okay.” She studies each fairy ring. “I have the answer. The writing was a hint. Step on a crack, break your mama’s back. That is a silly direct hint of performing a physical feat with deadly results. Step on a ring, you go zing!”
Nabell sobs with her tears, cuddling inside Molfalso’s arms as he pats her back spine, studying the fairy rings, listening to Apella.
Apella frowns. “Do not step inside the ring.”
Britton reads out loud while viewing his gem stone. “We learned that already, Apella.”
Apella points down the dirt with a sour frown. “No. I mean we step outside the ring, stomping on the red dirt in-between each etched or crafted rings, the safe footpath. I’ll go first.”
“Our leader!” Britton looks up with a chuckle and views the buttonhole on Apella.
Apella slowly stomps towards the edge of the red dirt and exhales with a puff of fear, stepping a right foot over the flat, moist, red colored dirt between the two fairy rings, leaving a fairy footprint with her cowgirl boot toe. Then she balances upright quickly and places her left foot down into a new pile of red dirt in-between another set of two fairy rings.
Britton swiftly stands upright from the dirt and tosses both arms in the air, saying with a chuckle and a smile. “Apella has figured it out. Go, fairy!” He watches her stomp the moist red clay dirt to death in-between each fairy rings.
I sit on the grass and watch Apella.
Apella screams out loud and stops, standing in the red dirt. The other teen fairies gasp in fear.
Gable gasps. “The fairy rings are rotating in circles.”
Kuelle frowns. “Naw! They are shifting around inside the dirt like moving side to side and forward and back. Apella, run to the opposite side with the grass, right now. Go, fairy!” The other teen fairies gasp in fright.
Apella leaps up from the dirt and flies over a rotating ring, landing down in the red dirt, panting with fear. She leaps from the dirt and jumps over another rotating ring, landing down inside the plain red dirt. She repeats the dangerous stunt over and over again, finally leaping down onto the plot of green colored grass, falling over into the soft plants with a puff of relief. The other teen fairies bounce up and down with joy on the opposite side of the Fairy Ring landscape sounding with a series of claps and cheers.
“She did it.” Gable cheers with a smile
“Now, we each get to do it, too.” Britton exhales with a huff of fear.
Gable whispers with fear. “I wanna go home, now, please.”
Kuelle moves towards the edge of the red dirt and exhales with a puff of fear. “I will go next.” She leaps from the dirt and lands down on a plot of solid red dirt, not inside a fairy ring. Then each fairy ring starts to rotate around and around, shifting the dirt side to side slowly. She leads with a right foot and touches the dirt, planting a left foot down into a new pile of dirt, quickly crossing the Fairy Ring landscape, one ring at a time. Then, Kuelle leaps up from the dirt and jumps through the air, landing down, rolling over the grass with a giggle. She rests on her back spine. Sweat pours from her face, her neck, her arms, and her palms.
Apella crawls ahead on her palms and kneecaps toward Kuelle, resting on top of her friend, hugging with their fairy victory.
Britton frowns with fear. “I will go next.” He leaps up from the dirt and land down in the solid dirt on both his feet. Each fairy ring starts to shift the dirt very quickly. He jumps towards the side and avoids the next rotating ring, exhaling with a huff of fear. He jumps side to side away from each rotating dark red colored fairy ring.
“No, Britton!” Molfalso continues to stand on the edge and flings both of his arms in the air, yelling with a worried brow. “You’re going side to side. Move forward. Jump forward. You’ll get too tired from leaping over each fairy rings.”
Britton watches each rotating fairy ring ahead of his eyeball continue to shift sideways, up and down. Then he leaps up from the dirt and jumps forward through the air and lands down on both his feet, more quickly, avoiding each fairy ring. He exhales with worry and leaps up from the dirt again, holding both of his legs deeply into his chest, dropping down through the air wave. He lands and rolls over the smooth green grass safely with Kuelle and Apella, resting on his back spine, smiling at the sun and sky.
Molfalso shoves Nabell towards the edge on the red dirt with a whisper. “Go, Nabell! You must remember our mission for the fairy queen.”
Nabell nods in silence. She is a tall female and extends a long leg, stomping down onto the flat surface of red dirt, quickly marching between each fairy ring with numbness. She quickly crosses the short distance, walking over the plot of smooth grass and stops in front of the row of plants, standing with sobs for her dead fairy guy Eadric. 
I stomp towards the edge and exhale with fear, stepping down into the red dirt, extending both of my arms to the side in the air. I balance my tall body and leap side to side and then front to back while avoiding each rotating and shifting fairy ring.
“No, Persia! Come forward towards me, Persia!” Kuelle flings both of her arms to the other side of each fairy ring, yelling out loud with a worried brow.
I halt on top of the red dirt and exhale with a puff of fright, wiping the sweat from my face, inhaling a puff of fresh breath. I leap up from the red dirt and fly in the air, feeling my heart rate increase. My pulse rate races with fear. I land down in the solid red dirt and then jump up from the dirt and land down inside a new plot of dirt. I continue to leap from the dirt and fly in the air, shooting out my magenta tinted fairy finger at one of the short green plant bushes. My magenta wave acts like a rope carrying my body over the rest of rotating fairy rings and the surface of flat dirt. Then I land down and roll over the soft grass on my back spine, exhaling with a puff of relieve, smiling at the pale blue sky.
The other teen fairies loudly cheer for Persia, except for Nabell.
Molfalso leans his body forward and uses his crimson tinted fairy wave to carry his folded body in a flat position, sailing over each rotating and shifting fairy ring.
On the opposite side with grass, Kuelle says via her gem stone. “You gotta touch the red dirt with your hand, Molfalso. Or the fairy godmother charms will drop your crimson wave down into one of the rotating and shifting fairy rings. Then, you know what will happen, stupid fairy boy.” She laughs.
Molfalso doesn’t answer and leans over the wave, carefully touching the red dirt with his fingers, sounding with a chuckle and a smile. He easily and swiftly glides over each shifting and rotating fairy ring. Then he flies over the grass and lands down over the ground with a chuckle, slowly standing upright on top of the wave, retracting the crimson wave back into his gem stone with a loud slurp. He spins around and views Gable, who is alone on the other side of the Fairy Ring landscape. 
I stand upright and cheer with the other fairies for Molfalso, except for Nabell.
Gable pants with fear and shakes his skull. He is the last teen fairy to cross the Fairy Ring landscape. “I can’t do that. I’m not good with my fairy wave. I can’t stabilize the air flow like fairy boy Molfalso.”
Britton stands upright from the grass and stares at Gable, yelling into his gem stone. “Then, you can jump over each fairy ring and land your boot toes down in the red dirt, like I did.”
Kuelle hollers. “Gabbie, jump like a frog over each fairy ring and land down in the dirt. You did that as a little wee fairy at your home in front of your loving parents. Do you remember doing that fun kiddie event, Gabbie?”
Gable exhales with worry. “Yeah, I recall. Yeah, I can do that.” He slowly moves into the red dirt as each fairy ring starts to slide into his footpath. He screams out loud and leaps from the dirt and flies sideways, landing down on solid dirt, not inside a ring.
“Yeah, come forward to me, Gabbie.” Kuelle flings both of her arms in the air and yells into her gem stone. Gable screams out loud and leaps from the dirt, flying sideways through the air, settling back down on surface dirt.
“Don’t go sideways! Come forward to us, Gable.” I scream into my gem stone and waves both arms in the air. Gable screams out loud and repeats the leaping pattern again.
Britton yells into his gem stone and waves his arms in the air. “You’re going sideways, Gabbie. Jump forward to me, Gabbie.” Gable screams out loud and leaps forward and then backward and then sideways, landing down on solid dirt, exhaling with worry.
“Someone has to go and get him.” Britton drops his arms and frowns at silly Gable.
“No.” Apella sneers at stupid Gable. “We leave him here. He can catch up with us, if he survives.” She swings around with a sour frown and slowly stroll over the soft grass, heading northern toward the secretly hidden tree house of the four fairy godmothers.
“We leave no fairy behind.” Molfalso sneers and watches Gable.
Kuelle continues to yell into her gem stone and waves her arms. “Jump forward, Gabbie! Come forward to me, Gabbie!” Gable screams out loud and leaps forward, landing in the dirt. She yells. “Jump forward to me, again, Gabbie.” He screams out loud and leaps from the dirt and flies forward through the air becoming closer to the grass plot and the row of other cheering fairies.
Molfalso stands at the edge of the red dirt, cupping his arms with a nod and a grin. “Come on, Gabbie. Jump up from the dirt, fairy! Jump from the dirt and land into my arms! I’ll catch you, buddy.” Gable screams, leaping forward over and over and jumps into the air.
Molfalso reaches over the dirt and grabs Gable by the arm, jerking the fairy into his chest, shouting with a smile and a chuckle, “Gotcha!” Gable exhales with relief, cuddling on Molfalso. Molfalso releases and drops Gable down over the grass, saying with a stern face and a serious tone. “We rest and recover now for the remaining daylight …”
“No!” Apella spin around and moves ahead of the teen fairies, yelling with a sour frown into her gem stone. “We go forward towards the fairy godmother tree house and find the criminal gang of un-fairy teenly ...”
“We do not go forward to anywhere, Apella,” Molfalso spins around and follows behind the butthole on Apella, and stops several feet from the Fairy Ring landscape, releasing out his crimson tinted fairy wave with a stern face and the fairy charm, “Getteherro, tent. We stay here now for the rest of the night. We go forward tomorrow, Apella.” A medium sized cloth tent appears and shades the grass. He enters the tent and shoot out his wave, mumbling the fairy charm, producing an assortment of numerous sleeping cots, clean bed linens, and food items for the other fairies, like last night.


12:03 p.m.
23 miles, north, from the Fairy Academy
Warm temperatures with cloud cover without rain
   with four miles-per-hour winds
     and 66 percent humility at 71°F


Britton spins around and moves ahead from the fairy rings, stops, releasing out his dark blue colored wave, mumbling the fairy charm. “Getteherro, tent.” He produces his tiny tent for each female fairy.
Nabell enters his tent alone and wears a red tear-stained face.
I spin around and slap Kuelle on the arm, pointing at Molfalso’s tent. Kuelle nods in silence and slowly moves ahead, entering the tent.
Apella stops her steps and softly curses with annoyance, shooting out her golden tinted fairy wave, mumbling the fairy charm, “Getteherro, tent.” She creates her own sleeping tent and then enters inside. The cloth door closes.
I move ahead and enter Molfalso’s tent for the company and the food.
The teenly mood is somber. The other teen fairies sit around the red colored solid rug, without eating or talking. They stare with numbness into the invisible air waves.
I feel their numbness and sit in the wall corner, closing my eyelashes, pondering my deep teenly mental thoughts. This is not fun but too hard and too dangerous. I don’t want to harm Yachel and the other un-fairy criminals as the fairy queen calls them. I only came to warn Yachel of the fairy queen’s new war threat with the group of un-fairy criminals and their un-fairy criminal parents too.
Molfalso moves ahead and sits beside Persia, sliding down onto the rug. She opens the eyelashes and turns to see him. He holds two cold beverages and hands one to Persia.
I accept it and feel the coldness between the sweaty hands, exhaling with a puff of worry. “Are you worried about Zann?”
He nods. Yeah.”
“I don’t understand this. Why can’t we all live in peace, not start a war?”
“She started the war.”
“Then we need to stop her.”
He exhales. “How? She has lots of fairy power making herself a Monster Queen. That is quite a monstrous task among the less talented farting fairy tarts.”
I giggle. “You’re too silly to win a war, bro.”
He exhales. “The silly humor helps me through the serious pain.”
“I know.” I turn and view Britton, my fairy guy.
Britton leans over with a laugh and a smile into the cheekbone on Gable, flinging his hand in the air, retelling his array of jumping feat over each fairy ring. He enjoys the fairy queen’s mission and the fairy teen’s journey.
Molfalso elbows Persia with a whisper and a stern face. “Hey! Get some rest and then food. We don’t know what we’re up against tomorrow.”
I slowly stand with a nod and exit his tent, moving into the smaller tent from Britton, purging the fear from the morning.
Inside the teen, Kuelle rests inside the wall corner on her rib cage side with her back spine facing the other teen girl fairies, softly whispering into her gem stone. “Walcott, can you hear me? Walcott, please, answer me. Walcott, are you okay? Walcott…”
Apella rests in the other wall corner on her rib cage side with her back spine to the other teen fairies, reading her gem stone in silence while memorizing all the learned secrets of the four fairy godmothers.
Nabell occupies the other wall corner on her rib cage side with her back spine to the other teens, wiping off each sad tears, sobbing the loss of her fairy boyfriend Eadric.
I exhale with a puff of worry and advance to the fourth wall corner, sitting down on top of the white colored rug, whispering the fairy charm. “Getteherro pillow, bedcovers, and linens.” Each sleeping item floods both of my arms and my hands. I toss each item down on top of the rug and sit down, leaning over, curling into a ball into the soft sleeping accouterments.
3rd day Fairy Journey


07:07 a.m.
23 miles, north, from Fairy Academy
Warm temperatures with cloud cover without rain
   with 4 miles-per-hour winds
    and 61 percent humility at 68°F


Apella is awake from her sleep and loudly stomps around the rug inside Britton’s tent, tossing around her fairy temper with a loud yell, waving both of her arms. She stops and stands in the middle of the room with a sneer. “Get up! It’s day break. We’re moving out. Get up, fairy girls! Grab your breakfast food on the walk. I’m walking ahead, scouting the next fairy godmaggots obstacle, which is probably blocking our foot path towards their secretly hidden tree house.” She swings around to face the flap door and exits the tent.
My eyelashes are closed and as I stretch out my crooked legs over the warm rug. My dirty bed linens feel too warm and cozy underneath my body. My parents are not washing the bed sheets as I continue to smell the stench of my sweat and landscape dirt from last night. I frown with annoyance.
Kuelle slowly stands upright from the wall corner and scratches her body, brushing her hair with a real hair brush coming from her personal stash at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy.
Nabell slowly stands upright from the rug and wears a red tinted sad face with a tall body of numbness, moving ahead towards the flap door, following behind Apella. She exits the tent in silence.
I sit upright on my fanny in my dirty bedcovers. Then the tent disappears and the rays of bright sunlight bombard my person and the wet grass. I close my sensitive two eyeballs and whisper of fury. “Britton!”
Britton retracts both his dark blue tinted fairy wave into his gem stone and his sleeping tent back into his personal stash at the fairy school, saying with a grin and a yell. “Rise and don’t shine in the morning light, little wee farts. Let’s go, ya’ll.” He swings around with a laugh and slowly moves ahead, mumbling out the fairy charm. “Getteherro teacup and food.” Each item appears in both his hands. He chews and then eats slowly following behind Nabell and Apella.
I touch the bedcovers and bed linens with a whisper. “Puttatherium, bedcovers, pillow, linens.” The smelly and used bed items disappear. I slowly stand upright on top of the grass and brush both my hands around my messy hair, since I do not feel like saying the words or getting a hair brush from my personal stash at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy.
I face the northerly direction and slowly move behind the back spine on Britton, Gable and Molfalso while stumbling in the grass. 
Each teen eats the breakfast meal and slowly strolls ahead viewing the new landscape. The ground is a plot of short patches of green grass mixed with the red dirt. There are not grove of trees or pods of flowers or rows of plant bushes or roaming animals, such like, a flying bird or a flying squirrel.
I whisper into my gem stone, “Getteherro, bread and water.” The full teapot and food plate appear in my hand. My parents are performing their fairy duties for their only child. I swiftly eat the food and then whisper, “Puttatherium, teapot and plate.” The empty food items disappear from my hands.
Apella and Nabell race ahead from the other teen fairies out of fairy eyeball sight. A few minutes later, they return back running back to the other fairies, appearing with eyeball sight.
Apella stops and smiles with a nod. “We can use our fairy wave to go faster and further than foot speed. We scouted about thirty miles forward with fairy speed, without wrecking. No trees. No fairy wall.”
I chew and stare at Apella.
Molfalso frowns. “How did you scout ahead by thirty miles, Apella?”
Apella thumbs back over her collar bone with a smile and a nod. “I shot my fairy wave out from my gem stone like a flying arrow without me on top. My wave didn’t flicker or fall or encounter any type of vertical obstacle in the far, far distance. The next thirty miles are safe for traveling by air, not cowgirl boot soles, ya’ll.”
Molfalso extends a hand towards Persia. “Gimme the spy glasses, Persia.”
I say. “Getteherro, spy glasses.” The spyglasses appear in my open palm. I hand to Molfalso. Molfalso lifts the spy glasses and studies the far distance.
Britton stands next to Molfalso and wears a confused brow, looking in the far distance with his pair of fairy eyeballs while eating his food. “What are you doing?”
Molfalso stares at the landscape with the spyglasses. “If there is a fairy wall, then I can see a set of tiny colorful reflections that glitter from the overhead bright sun beams which would sparkle like little diamonds in the sky.”
Gable frowns. “Can you really see that?”
Kuelle snaps her fingers. “Of course, a fairy wall is multi-colored coming from a colored gem stone, which comes from their inner fairy talents. Good thinking, Molfalso!”
Molfalso removes the spyglasses and hands them back to Persia, staring at Apella. “She’s right. I don’t see any fairy glitter for about thirty miles, so we can safely fly on top of our fairy wave. But, we all stay very low right above the ground level and above the wet dew.”
The other teen fairies nod in silence and immediately create a fairy flat wave to ride towards the fairy grandmother tree house.
I shoot out my fairy wave and mount my smooth magenta flat wave, sitting on top of the ray, slowly moving over the grass about one foot from the ground. The landscape is flat with a patch of short green grass. There are not any trees or flowers or bushes or animals or fairy rings or fairy godmothers or fairy un-criminals either.


07: 41 a.m.
88 miles, north, from Fairy Academy
Warm temperatures with bright sunshine without clouds or rain
   with 5 miles-per-hour winds
     and 76 percent humidity at 83°F


Apella holds her palm in the air and halts hovering on top of her golden tinted fairy wave in front of the teen fairies. Each fairy behind Apella slows their wave in the air and then lands down in the grass.
I jump down from my wave and retract it back into my gem stone, studying the new landscape and gasp with shock. “Okay. I see a repeating pattern. First, there is a carpet of manicured short grass and then a monstrous obstacle course …”
Kuelle stands on the dirt and stares at the new landscape ahead with a worried brow. “I agree with Persia. This is a monster fairy obstacle course for non-fun and big fright.”
Gable stands on the dirt beside Kuelle and frowns with concern. “The monster fairy obstacle is not an obstacle. This is a common place of fairy mounds.”
Britton stands beside Gable and scans the new landscape with a sour frown too. “What’s the place?”
Gable says. “Is that all you ask?”
“Yeah,” Britton says.
Apella moves ahead towards the edge of another plot of red dirt. “This is the very first fairy graveyard coming from the Fairy War a long, long time ago.”
I exhale with worry. “There are thousands and thousands of fairy mounds.”
Gable grins. “Don’t eat on a mound. You’ll bring back a live ghost. And I’m the expert.”
I kick at the dirt with a worried brow. “And each fairy mound lives on top of red dirt, which is another fairy godmother pattern.”
Apella hears the mumbled fairy charms first and swings around with a sour frown, seeing an assortment of repaired colorful teacups and plates from each hushed fairy charm. She raises her hand and shouts out loud, “Stop! Toss your food and drink on solid dirt ground, before entering the mound graveyard.”
Britton holds his cool teapot of water with a sour face. “Naw! It’s hot. I’m thirsty.”
Apella frowns. “Toss your food and drink back into your personal stash at the school’s auditorium. You will eat later. If you eat near a mound, then a fairy ghost will haunt us. Then we can’t get through to the opposite side. We don’t know how many miles are left until we reach the secretly hidden fairy godmother tree house.”
“Why do they live in a tree house?” Gable sips his repaired teacup and swallows the cool water.
Apella points at the fairy with a sour frown. “Toss out the food, Molfalso!”
Britton eats and chews the snack of food. “Whey can’t we just surf over the mounds with a wave like Molfalso did at the Fairy Ring landscape?”
Nabell sips on her repaired teacup of water. “Naw! Your fairy wave energy will awaken each and every fairy ghost that sleeps inside each and every fairy mound. So, go for it, moving us ahead, Britton!”
Britton frowns, “Puttatherium, teapot.” He sends the half-empty teapot back to his personal stash. “Dang! Go on and lead, Molfalso.”
Apella swings around with a loud grunt and leads carefully stepping inside on a patch of flat red dirt in-between two gigantic red tinted dirt-covered fairy mounds.
Kuelle follows behind Apella. Nabell walks behind the back spine on Kuelle.
Britton shoves Gable into the dirt with laughter, “Go on, Gabbie! I got your back and butthole from the dead ghosts.” Gable leads Britton while slowly, cautiously stomping a boot print around each fairy mound in silence.
Molfalso mumbles, “Puttatherium, teapot.” He sends his drink back to his personal stash at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy, slowly skirting each fairy mound too, moving ahead toward the opposite side.
Each teen hikes halfway into the fairy graveyard of dirt mounds. Each dark red tinted mound is very tall and completely covered in vines of colorful wild flowers and batches of ripen fruit plants.
Apella halts with a scream. “Stop!” She does not swing around to face the other fairies but pants with fright.
Kuelle stops and wipes the sweat from her face with fear and anxiety. “What is your probe, Apella?”
Apella points down at the green plants on top of the dirt mound with a stern face. “As I venture further into the fairy mounds, the graves are becoming taller and older. This particular plant has overgrown over the entire dirt mound. Part of the leaves and stem block the narrow pathway of the solid red dirt surface. So, do not touch the plants, either. Some of the healthy expanding small plants hold colored berries, which you know as food. I see blueberries, blackberries, raspberries, which are growing wild …”
“I’m hungry.” Britton wraps his arms around his body with a chuckle and a smile and does not daring to touch the food plants either.
Nabell points at the opposite side of grass over the tiara on Apella. “We know all of this stuff. Get moving, Apella.”
Apella carefully swings around the dirt mound and avoids the extended stem on the green plant, gingerly strolling ahead, missing each overgrown vines.
Nabell slowly moves through the graveyard of tall dirt mounds and extended stems of each food plant too.
Kuelle follows behind Nabell last in the teenly line. She exhales with a puff of fear.
Britton shoves Gable through the dirt and follows behind Kuelle.
Molfalso rolls the eyeballs with a loud grunt and looks down, moving forward behind Britton. The thunder booms over the sky.
I move behind Molfalso and stop looking up to see the sky. The white clouds turn black. The slight wind increases speed. The thunder booms again. The yellow lightning bolt strikes in the air.
In the distance, Apella screams out loud and stomps through the dry dirt, landing down on the opposite side in a tall patch of green grass first. She falls down over the ground with a smile and exhales with relieve and fear. Then, a sheet of rain drops pour down from the black colored clouds on top of each fairy mound, the green food plants, and the other walking fairies.
I continue to stand and get wet, exhaling with the fairy charm, “Getteherro, umbrella.” A physical umbrella appears in my hands, since I cannot use my fairy magic around the dead ghosts that reside inside each fairy mound. I expand the fabric over my wet hair roots and slowly move through the thick mud.
Nabell and Kuelle race ahead through the graveyard over the muddy ground, avoiding both the mounds and the overgrown food plants. Nabell lands and slides over the wet grass first, giggling with a smile as she feels happier than yesterday with the fun activity.
Kuelle runs side to side around each dirt mounds and foot plant in panic mode, sliding over the wet grass, waving both of her arms in the air. She shoots out her lilac tinted fairy wave into a tall tree. Her wave grabs and wraps around the tree bark, halting her facial collision with ground mud or the tree bark. She stands in front of the tree and wipes off the rain drops from her smiling face, spinning around, watching the other teen fairies inside the ancient lands of the fairy mounds.
Britton shoves Gable ahead and slowly trots through the mud, getting wet from the raindrops. But they both avoid the overgrown food plant stems and tall wet fairy mounds.
Molfalso stops and scans the raindrops that drown his tall body. “Dang!” He swiftly races through the muddy ground and accidentally clips one of the extended plant stems. A single blueberry falls down from the stem and then lands on top of the fairy mound.
The fairy ghost slowly ascends up from the wet dirt in a cloud of white smoke, developing into an outline of human form, without flesh, turning around to see Persia.
I gasp in shock and halt my march.
The awaken fairy ghost tilts its glowing whitish skeleton skull and shakes its skull at Persia. This is not the flesh and blood fairy that has awakened his family mound. He swings around and views the back spine on the fleeing fairy prince.
I gasp with shock and yell into my gem stone, tossing my umbrella at the ghost without injury, “Molfalso, run! Run! A fairy ghost has awakened from its dead fairy grave site.”
Molfalso halts in the mud and spins around with a gasp, realizing that he must have disturbed the food berries. Then the food berry must have bothered the fairy ghost. More fairy ghosts from that single family mound swiftly ascend up from the wet dirt and appear in a puff of white smoke, forming a line of glowing skeletons, without flesh and blood.
The cloud of thunder rumbles. Each lightning bolt flashes and the raindrops fall down over each fairy mound and every live teen.
I gasp with shock and yells into my gem stone again. “Run, Molfalso! Get out of the mound!”
Gable hits the grass on the opposite side from the fairy mounds and spins around with a gasp, yelling into his gem stone, pointing at the row of fairy ghosts. “Molfalso, a fairy ghost is behind your butthole. Run for your life! Get outta of the fairy mounds!”
Kuelle slams her body into Gable and hugs his face, sneering into his nose profile. “What’s the fairy charm getting rid of a fairy ghost, Gabbie?”
Gable giggles and stares at Molfalso. Molfalso races ahead and then falls down in the sticky wet mud, slowly standing upright, running away from the row of flying ghosts. Gable shrugs with a smile and continues to stare at Molfalso. “I don’t know. We have lots and lots of dead ghosts flying around Fairyland, dead fairy ghosts, dead horse ghosts, dead human ghosts …”
Nabell marches and stands over the hair roots of Gable as she is taller. She sneers. “Shut it, Gable! Run out of the mounds, before the ghost gets you, right now, Molfalso.”
Kuelle hugs Gable with a growl and watches Molfalso. “Ibbie got rid of your family fairy ghost from her classroom, the year before. What did she say or do?”
Gable performs a tongue spit and watches Molfalso and the flying ghost. “I know.”
Kuelle sneers. “What fairy charm words did she use, Gable?”
Gable shrugs with a giggle and a tongue of mouth spit, watching the ghost chase Molfalso. “Don’t know.”
Nabell watches the ghost get closer to Molfalso and gasps with fear. “There’s no fairy charm, Kuelle. A live fairy returns the plot of dry dirt back down into the fairy mound, where it originally came from.”
Britton gasps with fear, “The dirt is mud and muddy and wet mud, not dirt dry. You can’t return back a handful of wet mud. You can’t return mud back down into the wet muddy fairy mound.”
The ghost reaches Molfalso shoving and slamming the teen fairy down into the wet mud. Molfalso shakes off the mud and swiftly stands upright, running ahead with fright towards the plot of green grass.
I race through the mud also and gasp with fear, running after the row of dead fairy ghosts.
More of the dead family fairy ghosts follow behind Persia. Then the other fairy ghosts fly over the hair roots on Persia and swoop down, attacking fairy prince Molfalso. He stumbles away from the next dirt mound and the stems of extended fruit plants, running towards the plot of green grass. 
I leap from the mud and hover in the air, igniting my magenta fairy wave, slamming my wave into one of the flying ghosts. Of course, each ghosts go through my fairy wave as a being of translucent matter of death.
Molfalso swiftly stands and races around the rest of the fairy mounds, exiting the fairy graveyard, landing down in the wet grass during the rain storm. 
I gasp in alarm and drop down into the mud, racing ahead, retracting back my fairy wave with a loud slurp back into my gem stone. I reach up and bat each ghost with my arms and my hands. Each ghost giggles and laugh with amusement flying through my flesh, my blood, and my bony fairy hands. 
Each ghost soars down and attacks Molfalso again and as he grunts and moans in pain. 
I dash ahead and slide over the wet grass, shouting out loud, pointing the fairy ghosts on top of Molfalso. “The dirt has to be returned to the mound.”
“Mud is not dirt, Persia.” Apella stands a few feet from Molfalso and points down with a grin at the fallen prince fairy, slapping her wet pink colored tee shirt, “This serves you right, fairy prince Molfalso, for not following me as teen fairy leader now.”
I slam into Apella and then shove the petite fairy from my body with a loud growl.
Apella stumbles away from Persia and maintains her upright balance, spinning around with a snarl, exhaling without the set of animal sounds. She replaces her physical umbrella over the wet hair roots with a smile. She enjoys watching the huddle of dead fairy ghosts torment poor and stupid Molfalso.
I yell out loud and point down with a worried brow at Molfalso. “The mud from the fairy mound is still clinging onto his wet clothing. Splash your teapots of water over Molfalso now!”
Apella giggles. “It’s raining. Can’t you feel the falling raindrops, Persia? Let’s go. The rain will wash Molfalso clean, eventually.” She extends her arm from her chest and touches the rain with her finger tip from underneath her physical umbrella, laughing at the amusing scene.
I yell with worry. “The rain ain’t washing it all away. Wash the mud off Molfalso’s clothing and face. Getteherro, teapot.” The teapot appears in my hand. I toss the water over a grounded Molfalso and bat at each fairy ghost, which is not any effective weapon, of course. But, I continue to try.
Molfalso rolls side to side on the ground in the rain from his pain as each fairy ghost attacks each one of his body parts. He grunts and screams out loud in more torment and pain.
The other teens mumble the fairy charm, materializing teapots, except for snobby fairy princess Apella. Each teapot of fresh water flood down over Molfalso’s body washing away some of the larger clumps of sticky red mud from his wet clothing.
I grin and gasp. “It’s working.”
Britton frowns. “It works on some of his exposed body parts. The mud is all gone from his distorted face and his two exposed naked and cut arms.”
Nabell jabs her finger down at Molfalso. “Remove his boots. Most of the red mud is attached to his boots.” Britton and Gable squat down and use a tiny fairy finger, jerking off each boot heel from Molfalso. They successful remove both his boots and toss each item back into the fairy mounds.
 Nabell gasps in alarm and points down at his boots. “Some of the fairy ghosts follow the flying cowboy boots. But, most of the ghosts are still attacking Molfalso. Why? I don’t understand.”
I bat my hands and my arms at each one of the flying ghosts which is not effective.
Kuelle stands beside Nabell and frowns with worry down at Molfalso. “Sorta! There’re tiny clumps of red mud stuck onto his wet clothing. He needs to strip off his clothing.” Each mound ghost continues to attack Molfalso on the ground and as he screams with pain and bleeds from small cuts. He has bruising black marks on his exposed face and his two naked arms.
Gable moves ahead and stands behind Apella, yelling out loud, pointing down at Molfalso. “That’s doesn’t work. All the dirt must go back to the fairy mound. Even if his clothes stay here, the fairy ghosts will haunt Molfalso, until …”
I gasp with shock and squat down, touching my wet ankle-length black colored fairy cape, my white colored tee shirt, and my pair of ripped and faded blue jeans, which are not covered with any mud bits, releasing out my tiny fairy finger on Molfalso, “Swishee cloth, Molfalso.”
His clothes consisting of his shorter black colored fairy cape, his black colored tee shirt, and his pair of faded and torn blue jeans all disappear from his body and then are replaced with each one of Persia’s wet girly clothing.
I feel his set of larger clothes over my tall girly body and see my clothes consisting of my cape, my dirty wet tee shirt, and my pair of blue jeans over his fallen and wet body.
Molfalso exhales with a puff of relieve from his pain and continues to rip into the smaller clothing items into threads of shreds, exposing his naked skin.
I swiftly stand upright from the wet grass and twirl, running away from the other teen fairies, dragging the huddle of dead fairy ghosts with me. I curve around a grove of tall shade trees and yell out loud with the fairy charm, “Puttatherium cape, jeans, shirt.”
His clothes consisting of the cape, the shirt and the pair of blue jeans disappear from my body. I stand in the rain storm in my wet undergarments and my pair of pink and green tinted cowgirl boots, saying with a giggle and the fairy chair. “Getteherro jeans, shirt.”
My personal clean dry white tee shirt and my clean dry pair of faded and ripped comfortable blue jeans appear over my wet undergarments. A fairy only possesses one cape. I giggle with relieve.
The wet and mud dirty cape, shirt, and jeans from Molfalso are located inside my personal stash pile at the auditorium of the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy. My parents will recognize the wet and dirty items do not belong to me and then alert Molfalso’s parents. The rain stops along with the thunder and lighting bolts.
I spin around with a smile and dash back around the grove of shade trees, returning back to the other teens.
Molfalso is standing with a smile and wearing a dry set his clothes, consisting of a white tee shirt and a pair of faded and ripped blue jeans. His face and arms display an array of black tinted bruises and pink colored skin cuts which heal fast on a fairy prince or princess.
He had sent Persia’s wet clothes back into his personal stash at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy in exchange for his new set of clothes. His parents will realize that they are not his clothes and then give to Persia’s family.
A fairy only possesses one fairy cape. However, a fairy is useless for the rest of the walking or surfing fairy journey.
Molfalso advances to Persia with a smile and stops, hugging her wet body with a chuckle, painting Persia in some of his fresh blood proteins with a whisper. “Thank you so much.” He pulls back with a wink and releases her.
I reach over and slap his collar bone with both my hands and a smile. “You’re most welcome, darling.”
Kuelle dashes to Persia and stands beside her friend, slapping her back spine with a smile and a nod. “Good thinking, Persia!”
Britton dashes to Persia with a puzzled brow and stops, hugging Persia, capturing some of the wet blood. He pulls back with a nod. “Wow! You learned that slick fairy trick from me. Do you remember, Persia?”
Gable dashes to Persia and frowns at the fairy graveyard. “I guess I missed the event. Did all the fairy ghosts go back into their fairy mound?”
Apella advances to Persia and the small huddle of teen fairies with a sour frown and a matching tone. “No! The gang of dead fairy ghosts have been sent to the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy. They were following Molfalso and his muddy red stained wet clothes. When Head Fairy Mentor Daffodil finds out you sent a gang of dead fairy ghosts into the Fairy Academy, Persia?”
Britton shoves Apella down to the grass and jabs a finger at her distorted face. “Persia saved Molfalso’s life, a fairy life. You should be singing in praise, not mouthing off in your nasty fairy tone. Get up and get moving towards the tree house, right now, Apella!” He slaps his dry red colored tee shirt. “I’m the leader now,” he spins around with a smile and leads the teens ahead towards the northern direction of the island. “Everyone, follow me!”
Gable smiles. “Good going, Persia! So then, Ibbie will vanish or banish or do something to the uninvited dead fairy ghost. She knows how to do that, Apella. You’re not the only smart fairy here, Apella.”
Nabell stands beside Molfalso and gasps in alarm to Persia. “Your parents are going to find the fairies ghosts inside your personal stash. You need to call and warn them, Persia.”
Apella slowly stands upright from the wet grass and moves ahead with a sour frown, ripping off her golden earring, wiping down her wet clothes. She follows behind Britton toward the northern direction with the fairy godmother tree house. “We can’t call our parents or the fairy queen. One of the fairy godmaggots charms. Our long distance gem stone communication doesn’t work out here in the northern part of the island. Let’s start walking, fairies. We have daylight to kill and un-fairy criminals to find.”
I swing around and move behind Apella. “Yes. My mother and father will find the fairies ghosts, shockingly soonest,” I smirk with my evil victory.
The other teen fairies move ahead over a carpet of green grass, whispering the fairy charm, trading out a set of wet clothes for a pair of dry ones.
Apella and Nabell both produce a fairy wave and mount the ray, soaring ahead through the air waves, scouting for a hidden fairy wall of injury.
I slowly move from the grass and hike over the golden sands and ocean water, saying the fairy charm. “Puttatherium, boots and socks.” My boots and my sock disappear from my feet as I feel the soft sand and the cold water over my naked toes.
Molfalso scoots closer to Persia and studies the ocean water, saying the fairy charm. “Puttatherium boots and socks.” His boots and socks disappear as he feels the water and sand between his naked toes. “The water is really high here.”
I splash my feet in the water with a giggle and a grin. “It’s fun being a fairy. When not being chased after? Who are we chasing after? I get confused.”
He exhales with a distorted face. “We’re running, not chasing. We’re running out of land. The island is drowning nightly from the flood water,” he kicks the water again.
I kick the water. “So, this fight is about land.”
He kicks the water too. “Look at the landscape here. It’s mostly low lying grass surrounded by water.” He views the ocean. “I see miles and smiles of greenish-blue water, not more land. Yes. This fight is about land.”
I view the water. “I see miles and miles of ocean water too. Why can’t we both live peacefully together in the center of the land, like a society of civilized beings?”
He chuckles. “Fairies are not civilized or nice beings. They’re fairies. They steal, not deal.”
I turn and gasp at his nose profile “Is that the new motto? Steal, not deal!”
He chuckles. “Well, it sounds better to me rather than kill, not heal.”
Apella yells into her gem stone from the air waves on top of her golden tinted fairy wave coming back from the far distance. “We’re back from our scouting flight,” she lands her wave down on the sands and stands on top of it, thumbing back over her collar bone at the new fairy obstacle. “There is thirty miles of clear surfing the air space between us and the next fairy god-maggot obstacle.”
Britton stops and stares at Apella. “What is the next fairy god-maggot obstacle, Apella? Did you find that too?”
“The next fairy god-maggot obstacle is a surprise for ya’ll, wee fairies.” Nabell turns and winks to Apella.
Molfalso scoots away from the ocean waves and stands in a huddle with the other teen fairies in silence.
I turn from the pretty ocean waves and wear a sour frown. “I don’t wanna be here.” I follow behind Molfalso and ignite my magenta tinted fairy wave underneath my naked toes, slowly soaring above the golden sand by two feet, steady and stable.
I had been taught this trick at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy.
I slowly continue to fly towards a fog of white clouds in the far, far distance with fear and fright. The four fairy godmother charms do not provide a single visual landscape view beyond thirty miles within my fairy eyeball vision. They want each teen to come and find them as they are waiting for each teen to approach and then stumble into their secretly hiding tree house.


09:09 a.m.
91 miles, north, from Fairy Academy
Warm temperatures with heavy clouds of dull sunlight without rain
   with 6 miles-per-hour winds
     and 85 percent humidity at 78°F


Apella lands her golden tinted fairy wave down a patch of the dry yellow grass. Each other teen slows their fairy speed and halts their fairy wave down over the same plot of dry grass too.
I retract my magenta wave back into my gem stone with a loud slurp and whisper the fairy charm. “Getteherro, boots and sock.” My boots and socks appear back on my feet. I study the new object with intrigue and worry.
Kuelle retracts her wave into her gem stone, moves ahead, and then stops, squatting down in front of a pile of yellow sawdust, saying with a puzzled brow. “Fairy rings. Fairy mounds. Fairy what?”
“Dirt, dead, and dang,” Molfalso stops and stares with a confused brow at the new object, viewing the row of stunned teens.
“What is this or this or thing?” Britton stops at the edge of the sawdust too.
Gable stops and stands away from the edge, the thorns, and the other teens with a worried brow. “A sharp blue colored thorny forest of thorns.”
I exhale with worry. “Now, we are seeing a color change pattern, ya’ll.”
Gable frowns. “At least, it’s not red dirt again.”
Nabell stops and stands at the edge of the yellow sawdust next Britton and Molfalso. “A fairy forest of thorns, the fairy tale from a long time ago goes something like this. The original wild fairies couldn’t talk or walk. So, they lived inside a forest of thorns for bodily protection. Of course, after years of evolution, they learned to walk and talk leaving their forest of thorns for the next set of losers to occupy.”
Gable slowly back steps from the edge of the yellow sawdust and shakes both his skull and his hands. “Uh! Who lives inside a blue colored thorny forest now? I don’t wanna find out. Okay! Are we done here? Yes, we are done here. Can we leave and go back home to the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy, my fairy parents, and my fairy home?  I miss my fairy bedroom and my soft bed mattress.”
Kuelle nods at the forest with a stern face. “Well, it is the prettiest fairy godmother charm, so far. I see entwined pale yellow vines with tons of the dark blue sharp spikes.”
Nabell grins, “And this is the most creative fairy godmother charm. However, we still can outfox the four fairy godmaggots as we are the prettiest and smartest of them all, ya’ll.”
Apella points with a nod and a smirk at forest of sharp thorns. “Don’t get cut!”
Gable frowns. “Why?”
“Don’t get cut!” Apella folds down at her waist and avoids a set of low yellow branches, slowly entering into the thick forest of blue hue, jumping through a large opening in-between the tree branches. She rolls and lands down into the soft yellow sawdust, slowly standing upright with a sigh of relief, wiping off the dust from her face and hands. She slowly strolls towards another open hole between the yellow branches.
Britton does not move with a puzzled brow, “Why not, Apella? Why do we not get cut? I don’t plan to get cut. but why should we not get cut? I could accidentally become cut, thou.”
“You grow at a midnight colored black wiggling fairy’s tale like our ugly fairy queen.” Molfalso laughs out loud.
I stand beside Molfalso and smile while watching each fairy enter into a pretty blue and yellow colored thorny forest.
Kuelle yells out loud and bends down at her waist, moving through the yellow tinted branches and hanging blue sharp bards. “Don’t follow behind me or each other either! The thorn stems are too thick. They are cutaway holes along the yellow sawdust grounds for crawling down on your knees or jumping holes between the blue thorns for leaping like a tiger, one body at a time. Don’t get behind me! Find your own farting pathway! I don’t wanna get cuts with infections then die, without seeing ...”
Nabell finds an open semi-rounded hole near the sawdust dropping down to her knees, crawling through the low hole which is highly arched with a set of yellow branches and blue and protruding sharp thorns.
Britton searches each yellow twisted and entwined branches, locating a clear open hole near his kneecaps and carefully tosses one leg and the other leg. He lands down on his knees, crawling through the sawdust, avoiding each sharp blue colored barb and seeks around the yellow sawdust for a new larger opening for his tallness.
Gable turns and paces side to side with a worried brow, seeking an opening and finds a clear hole, even with his waist. He dives through the opening with ease with a short and light weigh body frame, “This is fun.” He slowly stands upright on top of the sawdust and moves forward scanning each yellow branch and tons of blue thorns for another new opening.
Molfalso turns and views Persia. “I guess we can’t use our wave.”
“Naw! We do this one the old fashion way, red cuts and blue bruises.” I slide sideways with a laugh away from Molfalso and throughly scout the blue thorns and yellow twisted branches for a great, big hole, finding a medium hole. I thrust my hand through the opening while checking for spiders or snakes or fairy walls.
Clear!
I lift up and land one leg over the thorny seat, sweating with fear and quickly toss my other leg over the blue thorns, falling down into the yellow sawdust. I sneeze and wipe the dust from my face.
I slowly stand upright on top of the yellow sawdust and move forward, searching for another opening and find a bigger hole on the ground. I drop down to my knees, crawling under the blue protruding thorns, reaching the opposite side and slowly stand, bending half-way underneath one of the many twisted and thick yellow branches.
I walk ahead bent over at my waist. My hair roots almost touch the low thorns as I search for a taller opening. I find a medium one and lift one leg at a time, crawling over the thorny seat.
Apella speaks into her gem stone for all eardrums. “Come on, ya’ll! Get moving now! We’re killing daylight.”
“Really! Really? Really!” I whisper for my amusement and scan a wall of blue thick sharp thorns like a room feeling the cool wind breeze. I turn and view the western horizon. A pink sun is slowly disappearing down from the bright sky.
I gasp with alarm. I can’t get lost inside this thick, deadly, thorny forest. I’ll never find my way out, without the bright sunlight. “Dang! The four fairy godmothers are really good at stopping your advancing fairy feet prints.” I walk faster and avoid each sharp thorn, looking for another hole and find a big one, almost walking upright through the opening.
Kuelle scratches her naked skin on the sharp bard cutting her forearm, shouting out loud in pain through her gem stone. “Ouch! It bites.” She wipes off the red blood.
Apella slowly stroll ahead and avoid each bard shouting back into her gem stone. “What bites?”
Kuelle drops down into the thick yellow sawdust, crawling underneath a batch of blue sharp thorns, “The thorn spiky thingy bit me.”
“O no! Run, fairies! Get out of here. Get outta of the thorny forest, right now!” Apella yells into her gem stone and leaps up from the sawdust, flying through the air, landing down on her fanny safely on a patch of short grass.
Inside the thorny forest, Gable stops and scans each yellow tinted branch with a puzzled brow, avoiding each blue thorn. “Why?” The sound cracks and then swishes side to side as each yellow colored thorny branch slowly stretches and expands into a new branch with an array of protruded sharp blue colored thorns.
Britton stops from the sound and scans each expanding yellow tree branch with a confused brow. “What’s happening in here, Apella? The branches are snapping and growing like a forest. I think …”
“Don’t think!” Apella slowly stands upright from the grass and spins around, staring into the forest, shouting into her gem stone. “Blood makes the thorns grow. Fairy blood makes the thorns grow. Run! Get outta of the thorny forest! The opening will close up from within when each new growth of long twisted branches and sharp thorns grows faster.”
I gasp with the bad news and swiftly stomp through a flat plain of rough, yellow tinted sawdust, looking for an opening, a high one. I jump from the ground and dive through the medium-sized opening, rolling down over the rough sawdust. I swiftly stand upright with heavy pants and quickly dash ahead with more pants towards a new opening. I’m getting closer towards the edge of the thorny forest, seeing two figures on top of short green colored grass. “A repeating scene, too!”
I hear each crackling tree branch that splits and then grows in different direction right before my two fairy eyes. “Find another passage, right now, quickly!” I dart to the right and then to the left, seeking a new opening and find a small one. “No!” Then, the new opening swiftly closes shut with a series of creepy crawling, crackling new yellow tinted branches. I gasp in alarm and whisper for my eardrums only. “Run!”
I turn to the right and race beside the growing yellow tinted tree branches. Each new barb glows in bright blue from the new growth. I gasp in alarm and spot a medium-sized hole, diving through the opening, rolling down into a fleshy ball on the other side.
I uncurl with a loud grunt and stand upright on my kneecaps and my palms, swiftly crawling through the sawdust while coughing and gagging with dust bunnies and worry. I continue to crawl underneath the low tree branches with numerous blue tinted thorns, ripping the back spine on my tee shirt, cutting the top skin of my back spine. I grunt with pain and continue to crawl faster.
I crawl upward and swiftly stand upright on top of the sawdust, bending down at my waist, running through a series of low tree branches underneath a thread of sharp thorns as I am half-way blinded from my bent angle pose, coming out from the thorny forest and halt inside Molfalso’s biceps.
I lean over into his chest and sob with my tears of fear, terror, fright and pain, gagging on my mouth spit and nose mucus.
Molfalso wraps both of his arms around Persia with a hug and a whisper, patting her back spine with care. “It’s okay. You’re outta of the forest now, Persia.”
“Help!” Britton yells out loud inside the thorny forest landscape. His leg is caught on a branch of sharp blue barbs. He jerks and then rips his leg jeans, exposing his naked skin. His fairy skin isn’t cut. But, each blue barb is slowly crawling over his ripped jeans. He starts to dash around the tree branches searching for a safe footpath, escaping the natural nightmare.
on top of the short green plot, Kuelle stands at the edge of the thorny forest and spots Britton with a smile, reaching up, touching her lilac gem stone on her throat choker. She shoots out a thin and tiny fairy wave at each blue thorn cutting through yellow tree branches for her friend.
Britton dashes ahead through the burning tree limbs and melting blue barbs with freedom, tripping through the grass, falling forward on his face. He pants with fear.
Nabell sits on top of the new patch of green grass and rubs her dark orange gem stone over each one of her red tinted skin cuts and deep blue colored bruises. She sneers with angry, “We stay here, healing and eating, tonight.”
The other teens softly mumble the fairy charm and create a set of patched bedcovers and a warmth repaired plate of food.
Molfalso mumbles his fairy charm and supplies the oversized tent and sleeping rug again for each teen, entering without fanfare or cheer.


01:01 p.m.
94 miles, north, from Fairy Academy
Tent setting of Molfalso
Cool temperatures with heavy clouds of dull sunlight, without rain
   with 6 miles-per-hour winds
    and 65 percent humidity at 64°F


Each teen stands in a huddle in rest while healing their individual body wounds on top of the red colored rug, eating food plate in silence.
Britton sits beside Persia and Gable, reaching down and touches the food stain on the dirty rug with a confused brow. “I think that I ate here before, last night. The rug is still dirty from my last food spillage. Mama needs to clean the rug, Molfalso,” he laughs out loud to relief the serious tense of the fairy journey.
Molfalso sits beside Nabell and Apella, lifting up his repaired mug of ale near his smile, nodding back to Britton. “Your mama will.” Britton sneers and tosses his teacup of ale at Molfalso. Molfalso smashes the soaring teacup with his crimson colored fairy finger, laughing out loud. “And your mama is slow too.”
Kuelle sits between Apella and Persia, frowning with annoyance. “Stop it, little boys! Save the teacups and your energy while we find the fairies.”
Apella sips her drink and then sneers. “They are not fairies. They are the un-fairy criminals.”
Kuelle continue to heal each skin cut with her lilac tinted gem stone, saying with a growl back to her un-friend fairy. “Eat it, Apella! We find the missing teens and their parents. Then, what? What is next? What do we do next? Does any fairy know?”
Gable chews and swallows the food, nodding with a grin. “We call the fairy queen.”
Britton laughs. “Why she is so ugly?”
“She is old, ancient looking life form.” Apella smiles.
“She is fugly, ugly looking life form, too.” Britton laughs.
“Only a teenager can traverse the fairy godmother lands and then find their hidden tree house, not her or her mama or my mama or your mama.” Apella nods.
I continue to heal each one of my yellow tinted bruises and pink tinted skin cuts with my magenta gem stone. “So, we come and identify the other fairies. Then, the fairy queen and her fairy squad comes running from her fairy fart. What do they do? That makes no sense, to me, Apella. If the fairy queen can’t touch the tree house, now, then she can’t touch the tree house later.”
Kuelle continues to heal her wounds. “I agree with Persia’s true statements. How can the fairy queen come around here, even after we find the fairy godmother tree house, Apella? The fairy queen should come and do her own dirty fairy work, not us.”
Apella gasps. “You are disobeying the fairy queen’s direct royal command.”
I point at Apella with a growl. “Why, fairy princess Apella? You are obeying a direct royal command. How come you know about some of the fairy godmother obstacles, here within the fairy godmother lands, fairy princess Apella? I don’t know about any of them.”
Apella giggles with a nod. “My parents. They were assigned to find the four fairy godmaggots tree house, a long, long time ago. They provided me with specific directions and instructions to survive …”
“Alone! She wants the royal reward of coin, fame and non-beauty.” I turn and wink at Molfalso. He sneers at Apella with understanding also.
“What coin, fame and non-beauty reward, Apella?” Nabell sneers at Apella and finally understands her fairy mission, too late. “We all share in the coin, fame, and non-beauty rewards, all together, fairy princess Apella.”
Kuelle rubs her leg with the blue bruise with her lilac stone. “I am stating like Persia has done. The fairy queen has some other interior motive or agenda besides a set of runaway teenly fairies from our fairy clan. Why did she send us, teens, instead of her ugly selfie, fairy princess Apella?”
Apella grins. “Yeah, she does have an interior motive and agenda. The agenda is called the second Fairy War.”
The other teens look up with a gasp and stare at Apella in silence.
I exhale with worry and break the silence, “A war, with whom? From whom? What whom, fairy princess Apella? We don’t need a second Fairy War. The first one went sour fast.”
Apella grins. “Each one of the identified fairy rider, who had attacked the fairy queen and then killed every helpless brownie and murdered our hiding fellow fairies, who rested on top of the dirt in cold blood, is an un-fairy criminal including, so far, our former fairy mate Zann and her parents, our former fairy mate Yachel and her parents, our former fairy mate Stad and his parents, our former fairy mate Hadwin and his parents, our former fairy mate  …”
“We know our new set of enemies, fairy princes Apella. We were all there and hid between that silly fairy projection mask.” Nabell sneers at the petite fairy.
Molfalso exhales with worry after hearing his girlfriend’s proper name and looks down with a stern face, rubbing his crimson tinted gem stone over the rest of the healing skin cuts on his arm. “These particular sets of parents are fairy farmers. Why would the FFs wanna attack the fugly, ugly nasty fairy queen first, and then wanna kill each cute and smart teenly fairy second? That does not make any FF farting good sense, to my neurons, fairy princess Apella.”
Gable looks down with a smile and rubs his lime green gem stone over his bruised leg. “The FFs wanna completely rule our homeland of Fairyland.”
“There is nothing to rule here in our homeland of Fairyland but flooding sea water and dying sea weeds.” Britton laughs out loud and rubs his gem stone over his body aches for the next upcoming fairy godmother obstacle course, tomorrow.
“The four fairy godmothers want to rule our homeland of Fairyland, dethroning our smart, wise and pretty fairy queen. Then, the four fairy godmothers will take over and will take away each one of our gem stones. Since, the four fairy godmaggots continue to hide the secret of the gem rock from every fairy, like before. Each gem stone is the only power source for each fairy charm and every fairy wave.” Apella grins.
I lift and stare at my pretty magenta gem stone that twinkles in blues and reds, whispering for my eardrums only. “I do not want to lose my stone or my fairy power or my fairy wave or my fairy charms, never, ever.”
Apella slowly stands upright from the rug and brushes off the food crumbs down her clothing, saying with a grin and a nod. “Time for bed! We all have an early rise with the sunlight, tomorrow morning. Hopefully, we use fairy luck and find the four fairy godmaggots’ tree house, tomorrow afternoon.”
“Don’t rhyme!” Britton slowly stands upright from the rug with a laugh, tossing his personal bedcovers over the dirty rug for some deep sleep. His body is healed and his mind is ready to fight with the four fairy godmothers in the upcoming second Fairy War. He kneels down over the bedcovers and puffs the array of pillows with a chuckle.
I slowly stand upright from the rug with a sour frown, hearing some clear knowledge, staring at Apella in silence fury.
Apella continue to lead the scout team of teens under the fairy queen’s royal command while hoping to become the next fairy queen of Fairyland. That old, ancient fugly, ugly, nasty fairy queen boggart thing can’t live, foreverly.
I turn and stroll out from Molfalso’s tent, shuffling into the smaller tent, scooting into one of the wall corners. I sit down and wrap my dirty, smelly bedcover and bed linens over my dirtier and stinky clothes, wearing my dirty cowgirl boots, resting on top of the dirty yellow colored rug. I guard my body and close my eyelashes with a puff of exhaustion.
I don’t know which nasty fairy godmother obstacle is left to fight here inside the fairy godmother lands, but I am, sorta, ready and deeply scared.
4th day Fairy Journey


09:09 a.m.
94 miles, north, from the Fairy Academy
Hot temperatures with bright sunshine, without clouds or rain
   with two miles-per-hour winds
    and 95 percent humidity at 95°F


I am awake before Britton comes and yanks his tent away from my body, like yesterday morning, sending my smelly bedcovers and bed linens with a pray back to my personal stash, wishing my parents would wash the smelly items.
I stand in the wet grass and eat the fresh bread and drink the cold milk, narrowing my eyelashes at the fairy action.
Apella and Nabell, each fly over the flat grass on top of their fairy wave, quickly returning back from the new scouting flight.
Apella lands on top of the grass and stands on her golden fairy wave without retracting it back into her gem stone, saying with a smile and a nod of excitement. “We saw it.”
Britton narrows his fairy eyelids and chews the food while scanning the far, far distance, “The next obstacle, how far is the thing?”
Nabell lands down on the ground and stands on top of her dark orange wave, killing the grass, too, “The next fairy godmother obstacle is thirty miles from our position, ya’ll.”
I chew. “A repeating math number, thirty, what does that mean? What does that say?”
“We saw it.” Apella thumbs back over her collar bone with a smile and a nod.
Gable chews and swallows his breakfast food. “What did you see exactly, Apella?”
Apella grins, “I saw a mountain peak. You can see a mountain peak through the set of dense white clouds. We’re getting closer to the four fairy godmaggots.”
My heart drops down into my pit of my stomach acids, burning the lining excitement and fear. I am getting closer to the four fairy godmothers that hold super duper fairy powers.
Kuelle gasps in alarm. “Did you truly see a mountain peak? I…I didn’t know that a mountain lived here on an ocean island.”
“It doesn’t.” Molfalso swallowed the food and burped out loud.
Britton frowns. “A mountain is not a tree house, Apella.”
Nabell sneers. “A mountain has grove of tall shade trees for one or more tree houses, fairy prince Britton. The single mountain is located at the end of the island, fairy prince Molfalso. Beyond a mountain, there is miles and miles of ocean water and no more land. I thought you passed from Third Class into Second Class. I must be wrong. This is it, the secretly hidden hiding tree house of the four fairy godmaggots.”
My heart drops further from my stomach lining down into each one my toes, burning in fear and nervousness.
Kuelle frowns. “Stop calling them that, Nabell!” She looks up and scans the sky with worry. “This is their land, not our home.” she looks down and sneers at Nabell.
Apella lifts her golden wave up from the burned grass, sneering her teenly non-royal leader order. “However, there is another obstacle or another set of fairy godmother phenomena between us and that mountain. Let’s go and surf, ya’ll.” She swings around from the row of teens and swiftly sails ahead on her golden wave over the flat green healthy grass.
My heart jumps back into its valves and then painfully thumps with fear while trying to bust out of my rib cage. I whisper with fear. “This is it.”
I lift up my gem stone and release out my magenta tinted fairy wave, flowing underneath my two boot soles as my fairy wave lifts up from the burnt grass and hovers in the air, swiftly soaring ahead low over the carpet of green grass.


10:10 a.m.
124 miles, north, from Fairy Academy
Cool temperatures with heavy gray clouds, without sunshine or rain
   with 4 miles-per-hour winds from the south
    and 56 percent humidity at 68°F


Each teen halts in the air on top of their fairy wave and slowly dives down one at a time on top of the healthy green colored grass.
I retract my magenta wave back into my gem stone with a soft slurp and stare with a worried brow at the new object, a long stone gate.
Apella retracts her golden wave back into her gem stone, dashing ahead with a smile and stops, standing in front of a broken set of entrance gates. The two gates are piled high in a vertical pose and are made of gray tinted limestone rock. The entrance way is open and not blocked by a large physical object or a colorful fairy wall from one of the fairy godmother charms.
Kuelle slowly moves ahead and stops beside Apella, staring at the entrance gates with a puzzled brow, “A garden of stones, that is not good, ya’ll.”
Britton moves ahead and stops beside Kuelle, studying the entrance gates and some of the landscape inside. “Naw, this is a pile of stones. This is very good, ya’ll.”
Gable moves ahead and stops next to Britton, studying the stones with a smile. “Well, sorta, this is a messy pile of broken stones. This is harmless to me, ya’ll.”
Nabell paces side to side behind the row with Apella, Kuelle, Britton, and Gable, looking down, silently reading her gem stone. She accesses the fairy library information that is housed inside her personal gem stone. She frowns. “This is an ancient fairy footpath,” she stops and turns to view the broken set of entrance gates and part of the landscape, pointing at each object. “Do you see the chipped away rock pebbles along the edge of the squared limestone on the nearest squat building of gray limestone rock? These squares are nicely placed gray stones that once represented a row of mill houses, making fairy food. A long, long time ago, the working brownie built each one of the mill houses, except the fairy children liked playing games, running into the wall corners of the stones and getting hurt. So, the worker brownies chipped away each sharp edge on the building for a kiddie fairy footpath of games and play.”
Gable giggles with a tongue of mouth spit. “Well, I can honestly say that there are no more children here, playing or farting for fun game. This is fairy footpath. I’m a fairy. Let’s footpath. Get it! Got it! We foot and path. We go footpath along the foot stones.” Each teen softly chuckle along the giggling winds. Gable stomps a left foot and advances towards the broken entrance gates with a giggle of fun.
Britton reaches out and grabs the collar bone on Gable, jerking the teen back from the mysterious entrance gates. “Naw! Wait, Gabbie!”
“Uh!” Nabell scans each stone and then looks down, silently reading the information on her gem stone. “There are children around here still.”
Kuelle gasps in alarm and narrows her eyelashes, studying each curved stone through the broken gates. “Why would there be a set of fairy children here inside a garden of curved and broken gray colored stones, Nabell?”
Nabell reads her gem stone. “A fairy couple is only allowed one child. I come from one family without a sister or a brother.”
Britton turns and frowns at Molfalso. “That is a false statement, Nabell. Molfalso has a baby brother and an older sister which are three siblings within his fairy family clan.” Eyeballs turn to stare at Molfalso.
Molfalso shrugs his shoulders and turns to smile at each teen. “Uh! That statement is false, Britton. My baby brother and older sister are really my two blood cousins. My mother had two sisters with one fairy baby, each. They are the kids from that family clan, not mine.”
Gable frowns. “What happened to your two aunts?”
“They died.” Molfalso nods.
Apella frowns. “That’s so strange. A healthy mature adult fairy does not die young, but in old, old age. What did you two aunts die from?”
Molfalso nods. “I didn’t really know. They died. My two cousins came and lived with me and my parents. I was born in-between my older female cousin and my younger male cousin. We all attended the two fairy mounds for the two deaths and then nothing else was said about the deaths of my two aunts and two uncles.”
I whisper for my eardrums only. “That’s weird.”
Nabell looks down and silently reads her gem stone. “Okay! The fairy library is giving me more information, ya’ll. A second born fairy child who lives here never, ever grows up. The second child still remains as a little tiny child.” A series of tender faintly giggles sing through the light winds coming from the Garden of Stone.
Gable slowly back steps and gasps with fear from the broken entrance gates. “Did you hear the giggling sounds of children? I heard the giggling sounds of children. I didn’t giggle either. Britton didn’t giggle either. Kuelle didn’t giggle either …”
“The second born fairy children really exist and live here.” Kuelle scans the interior of the gates. “They really are here now, present and somewhere.”
I scan the sandy ground and examine the long gray colored wall which is attached to the set of broken gates. “What do we do now?”
Nabell reads out loud from her gem stone. “The fairy footpath is like an honorary walk of their life presence. We leave a gift like bread or blossoms. The bread comes from a fairy male. The blossoms come from for a fairy female,” she looks up with a smile and stares at the gate. “That’s easy!”
Apella frowns. “O blossoms! Getteherro, blossoms.” She views her palm. “Nothing! My personal stash at the school auditorium doesn’t contain any type of flower blossoms.” She turns and frowns at each teen.
Nabell shakes her curls and her tiara with a worried brow. “Mine, neither.”
Kuelle shakes her curls and her tiara with a worried brow too. “I didn’t pack any flower or blossoms, only food and clothing on top of my personal stash inside the auditorium at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy. Do you remember what Ibbie said to each one of us? If you didn’t place it inside your personal stash, then pookie cookies on yookie,” she giggles with the other teens.
Britton says the fairy charm with a smile. “Getteherro, bread.” The item appears inside his palm. He raises the bread near his grin. “Then, you could use bread like a fairy guy …”
“That don’t sound right, bro!” Molfalso shakes his skull and laughs.
Britton smiles. “The fairy lore says to present bread or blossoms. The word, or, is usually one or the other.”
“Here!” I yell into my gem stone and stand at the end of the long wall, reaching out, pulling handfuls of flower petals from a healthy flowering bush. “Here! Come over here to me and view the rest of the long wall. There are branches of pink colored flower blossoms like for an honorary walk, honoring the tiny fairy children, who live here for some dang reason, which my neurons can’t comprehend ever.”
I continue to pull off more flower petals and store them down inside each pocket on my blue jeans.
Each fairy female dashes ahead to Persia and the flowering bush and stops, picking and pulling off numerous blossoms, storing them down inside their clothing too. Then, each female fairy smiles with glee and swings around, moving back to the huddle of fairy males.
Each male holds a piece of bread in one hand coming from their individual personal stash at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy.
Apella stops inside the huddle and say with a grin and a nod. “We’re ready. I lead…”
“Again…” I frown with annoyance at Apella’s teenly behavior. I hope the fairy queen’s eyeballs can see her pet Apella, because I am not bragging to any other fairy.
 Apella spins around and slowly moves through the set of broken gates first, scanning each vertical piles of stones, where a fairy or mill houses had been destroyed over wind and time.
She spots and squats down the first chipped away rock stone column, forming a bottom cubby hole in-between a pile of rocks, saying into her gem stone. “I found the first column of stones! The column is located at the ancient third stoned covered mill house. I am placing my blossoms down into a small hollowed out and chipped away stony cubby hole.” She places the blossoms inside the cubby hole with a giggle and then swiftly stands upright from the gray dust, looking down at the pink flower altar. “I’m done here. Come on in, Nabell! Come in one fairy male or female at a time, ya’ll!”
“Why, Apella?” I shout into my gem stone at leader Apella with mysterious and worry.
On top of the grass, outside the gates, Nabell slowly moves inside the garden mentally counting each house, strolling to the ancient third stone mill house and then stops with a gasp. She stares down at the cubby hole a puzzled brow, whispering for her eardrums only. “Apella missed this one. Well, that’s okay. Apella left another pink flower sacrifice at the other mill house. But, I got this one.” She squats down in the dust and places a bunch of pink tinted blossoms inside the chipped away cubby hole with a giggle. She swiftly stands upright from the dust and slowly paces forward while seeking the next chipped away, stony cubby hole for the next blossom sacrifice.
On top of the grass, outside the gates, Britton shoves Gable towards the opening with a sneer. “Go next, boy! I got your hairy butthole for protection.”
Gable does not move and swallows the bitter bile of worry back down his dry throat, staring at the interior of the Garden of Stone. “Is it really safe inside there?”
Britton growls and shoves Gable again. “Go ahead, Gabbie! Tear the bread and leave a big sliver inside the cubby hole like Nabell and Apella did.”
Gable still doesn’t move, “How big a tear from the bread? I only got one slice of bread from my personal stash.”
Britton exhales with annoyance, “It does matter. Let a bread tear the size of your finger.”
Gable raises a hand with a smile at the Garden of Stone, giggling and wigging his five fingers. “Which fairy finger? I got four of them and a fairy thumb.”
Molfalso leans over and shoves Gable into the open gates with a sneer. “Pick a dang finger! Go on, Gabbie! We ain’t got all day. Go, Persia! Go, Kuelle! Go, Britton! I go last, this time, watching for any fairy farts behind my hairy butthole.”
Gable moves through the broken gates with a huff of worry and seeks the first column of stone for the bread sacrifice, drooling with mouth spit over his parted lips of fear.
 Persia enters the Garden of Stone and slowly moves a few feet behind the back spine on Gable. 
Gable continue to stroll and then sees the first chipped away stone-looking empty cubby hole and stops, squatting down in the dust, tearing out a finger-sized bread crumb, tossing it inside the cuddy hole. He slowly stands upright from the dust with a sigh and scans the stones for the next chipped away stone-like cubby hole.
I slowly pace and watch the teen.
Gable slowly strolls away from a rumble of twisted stones, once a mill house.
Then I see a short whirl of red color in front of my face blinking my eyelashes with a gasp of shock. I slowly stroll ahead towards the same ancient third stone mill house. The chipped away stone-like cubby hole is empty, without holding one single flower blossom from Nabell or Apella or one sliver of bread from Gable.
I gasp in alarm.
I had eyewitness the event. Gable had tossed his sliver off fresh bread down here into the same cubby hole.
I nod with a giggle at the empty cubby hole. “The fairy child is collecting the pretty yummy loot as we drop them down inside the hole.” I squat down in the hard rock surface and cough out loud from the dust, placing one pink tinted flower blossom down inside an empty cubby hold. I don’t know how many chipped away stone cubby holes are located here within the stony garden.
Kuelle allows Persia to leave the ancient third stone mill stone house and then runs ahead towards the same chipped away cubby hole, tossing in her single flower blossom down into the same hole, slowly moving ahead.
Britton slowly moves inside the Garden of Stone and views the action ahead.
Kuelle leaves the rumble of a crumbling wall with broken gray limestone rocks.
Britton dashes ahead to the same damaged mill house and stops, looking down and tears off a finger-sized piece of bread, tossing the bread item down into the cubby hole with laughter. He races ahead towards the next ancient mill stone house and finds an empty cubby hole, tossing in his bread sliver. He continues to sprint forward while desiring to exit the Garden of Stones, following closely behind the back spine on Kuelle.
Molfalso moves inside the Garden of Stone and views the commotion ahead.
Britton runs away from a pile of crumbling stones.
Molfalso slowly struts ahead, stops, and stands in front of the crumbling column of stone, looking down at his bread. He rips a sliver from the bread and squats down, staring into the first chipped away stony cubby hole with a confused brow and a whisper. “The cubby hole is empty. How is that possible? I saw…” He scans to the right and then to the left with nervousness, seeing numerous piles of broken gray stones, saying with a smile. “Ah! This is so logical. The tiny fairy kids are swiping the goodies right after the fairy drops the item down into the cubby hole.” He tosses the bread down into the small hole with a chuckle and swiftly stands upright from the rock surface, moving forward to seek the next cubby hole. Then he feels a brisk wind behind his back spine and halts, exhaling with a huff of fear, whispering to his scared ego. “Don’t look back! Don’t look back! Go forward, fairy! Go faster, fairy!”
Several feet ahead of the other teens, Apella squats down on the hard rock surface and drops down a single pink tinted blossom down into the next chipped out stone-like and empty cubby hole, standing upright from the surface, narrowing the eyelashes in the far distance. She speaks into her gem stone to the other teens as the leader of the scout team. “I see eight more walls of crumbled stones, ya’ll. So, keep up and keep walking.” Then she feels a brisk wind behind her back spine and gasps in alarm, swinging around to see nothing, whispering for her eardrums only. “No teen fairy is here.” A series of faint giggles invade the winds. She frowns with annoyance at the damaged houses and speaks to the wind, “Creepy little kids.” She spins around with a stern face and quickly dashes ahead seeking the next empty cubby hole.
Nabell tosses a handful of pink tinted flower blossoms into the next cubby hole and then sees the motion.
Apella had finished her flower sacrifice and swiftly ran ahead front from damage mill house.
Nabell slowly stands upright from the hard surface and smiles, “Good! Apella is a wise leader. She can see the clearing ahead. This thing is close. This is almost done.” She dashes ahead and slows to a halt at the next mill house with a column of crumbling stones, seeing the chipped away, stone-like, empty cubby hole. She lifts both palms near her sour frown. “I possess no more blossoms.” She says into her gem stone. “How many more cubby holes of chipped stones are left, Apella? I’m out of flowers.”
Apella is squatting down at the next miler house and tosses in a single pink tinted blossom down into the cubby hole with a confused brow. She had heard Nabell’s word over her gem stone. 
Apella quickly stands upright from the hard surface and feels the brisk wind behind her fanny, swinging around with a gasp of worry. She views a fast, faint whirl of red hue in front of her face as and her eyelashes dart back to the chipped out cubby hole.
Empty!
She gasps with a whisper. “The fairy child is grabbing the blossoms, after I pitch them down into the hole.” She says into her gem stone. “Hey, fairies! Did any fairy view any of my pitched-in pink blossoms inside any of the filled cubby holes?”
Kuelle slowly stroll over the hard rock and seeks the next mill house, saying into her gem stone. “No, Apella! When I approached the next cubby hole, after Persia left the scene, it was totally empty. Aren’t you supposed to be dropping your blossoms too down inside the cubby hole, Apella?”
Apella continue to stand and gasps into her gem stone. “Yeah, I do and I did drop down my blossoms. So, the fairy children are grabbing them, as soon as, I drop them down into the cubby hole. Thus, the cubby hole is sitting pretty empty for the next fairy. Nabell, have you been dropping down your pink tinted blossoms?”
Nabell continues to stand in front of the damaged mill house with the column of crumbling stone and says with a sour frown into her gem stone. “Yeah, I have dropped down my blossoms. Now, I’m all out of the silly, pink tinted, girly blossoms.”
Apella spins around and dashes ahead to the next damaged mill house, quickly tossing a single pink tinted blossom down inside the an empty and last cubby hole with a sigh of relief. She swiftly advances ahead and stomps down on a carpet of green grass, landing down on her kneecaps, smiling down into her gem stone. “I finished. Move faster, fairies. Get outta of the Garden of Stone, right now!”
I slowly stroll over the dust and then cough from the flying dust, moving to the next damaged mill house, sneering into my gem stone. “Why, Apella? Why do we need to get outta of the Garden of Stones right now? What is wrong? What is right?”
Gable stands in place and smiles into his gem stone. “I got some more bread. I’ll bring it to you …”
“No!” Apella screams via her gem stone and safely stands on the manicured grass. “Do not move. Do not breathe. Listen to me. Each fairy must present bread or blossom. A blossom comes from a girl. A bread come from a boy. Do not move a step forward or go backward inside the Garden of Stone. Do not use your fairy magic either. Stay put for now. Okay! Okay! Let me think here with a clear head!”
Kuelle stops and stands on top of the hard rock surface smiling down into her gem stone. “I got some more blossoms, Nabell. I will zap a few of them to you with my fair ray …”
“No!” Apella screams into her gem stone. “No! Do not move. Do not use your gem stone powers or your fairy wave. Our fairy magic doesn’t work here inside the fairy godmother charmed lands. Don’t you remember? Always remember that!”
Nabell frowns down at her empty hands. “What do I do, Apella?”
Apella frowns. “Okay! I’ll toss some blossoms through the air waves. The wind current will float the flowers back to your stationary position at the mill house, Nabell. Everyone, stop and stand still. Do not move from your position. Wait until Nabell gets her blossoms, then everyone can start walking again leaving a gift of blossoms or breads.” She tosses up a handful of pink tinted blossoms into the air. The air currents dance side to side scattering the blossoms around the stones as each flower disappears from Apella’s eye sight.
In front of the damaged mill house, Nabell continue to stand with a sour frown and watches the winds. Her eyeballs spot a drift of pink tinted flowers slowly dancing around the air wave. She smiles into her gem stone. “I see. I see. Yeah, you’re good, leader Apella. I can see the dancing pink blossoms coming straight to me. The wind currents are blowing the flowers directly to me,” she lifts her two long arms in the air and over her hair roots, wiggling her fingers at the gently drifting pocket of dancing flowers. She exhales with glee. “I can almost reach them. I’m reaching for them. I have almost got them. I am reaching for them and me almost …”
“Nabell!” Apella screams into her gem stone. “Nabell, do not step forward for the dancing flowers. Stay in your position. Do not move from your pose.”
Nabell reaches up and barely touches the lowest flower petal in the air wave, stepping a right foot forward with a giggle, grabbing a handful of pink tinted flowers with a smile. A fast faint whirl of red hue slams into the ankle bone on Nabell.
She screams in fright and drops the blossoms from her hand. A second fast faint whirl of red hue hit and cuts into the leather on her cowgirl boot, holding the naked ankle bone on Nabell. She falls down onto the hard rock surface in the dust. The dust covers her face. she sits down and wipes the dust off her face with one hand, clutching her injured ankle with the other hand. She screams out loud in fear and releases her ankle, hitting with both fists and her healthy leg at each tiny fairy child in red hue.
On top of the grass, Apella screams into her gem stone, pacing side to side over the manicured ground. “Nabell, what’s happening with you? What’s going on over there? Nabell, talk to me, please!”
Gable continues to stand in place on top of the gray hard rock surface and views Nabell at the mill house, covering his parted lips and gasps of horror. He narrates into his gem stone. “Nabell, she…she is down lying over the hard gray stones. She is not standing. Something hit her body. Nabell, she…she is screaming for help. Something is attacking her. Something in red hue is tearing apart her two arms, her two legs, her hair strands, her bone skull.” He gags and turns his face to view the broken wall.
Safely on top of the green grass, Apella screams into her gem stone, jumping up and down over the ground with worry, “Nabell, answer me now. Nabell! Gable, what else is happening over there? What do you see? Describe it to me right now?”
Gable swallows the bitter bile down a dry throat and looks up, viewing his friend and fairy mate Nabell. “There are tiny whirls of red hue. Many whirls of red hue coming from each column of stones from the right and from the left, out of nowhere. Nabell is lying down over the gray stones. Each red whirl surrounds and envelops Nabell. The whirls of red hue are flinging about red blood, white bones, and pink tissue in the air waves, eating the body of Nabell. I can’t see Nabell anymore. I can’t see her long fairy body. I can’t see any of her arms or legs or skull or hair strands. The whirls of red hue cover her entire body. The whirls of red hue are swirling back around the stones. Now, the whirls of red hue are completely gone from the hard rock surface. I don’t see anything. Nothing is there but rock and columns of stones. I don’t see Nabell. Nabell …”
“… is dead.” Apella says into her gem stone. “Leave a tiny sliver of bread or a single blossom! Do you have more bread, Gable? Leave a tiny sliver of bread, Gable. Get going, Gable! Do not bypass any one of the crumbled stones, fairies. Get moving ahead right now and finish this, right now!”
Gable continues to stand in horror and wipes each sad tear from his red tinted face, slowly strolling ahead to the same mill house and stops, standing in front of the same empty cubby hole. He looks up and scans the dust, saying into his gem stone. “I am standing right where Nabell stood. There are tiny bits of dried red blood proteins here. But, nobody, no piece of clothing, no ripped skin flesh, no piece of bone is left here.” He returns back to see the hole and tosses a finger-sized bread down into the empty cubby hole, swiftly dashing away from the damaged house and the last place where his friend Nabell stood. He seeks the next cubby hole when a brisk wind rushes behind his back spine without seeing any of the evil wee fairy children.
I continue to stand in place with fear and see Gable. He leaves the same mill house, where my friend Nabell stood. I look down and gasp in alarm, counting the flower blossom, saying into my gem stone. “I’m almost out of blossoms too. How much further through the property of stone garden, Apella?”
Safely on top of the grass, Apella smiles into her gem stone. “I see Gable. He’s running forward towards me. I’m in the grass. There are four more holes of chipped away cubby holes ahead of Gable. That’s your mark. Move faster on foot, fairies. Get outta of there, right now, fairies.”
I gasp in alarm and shout into my gem stone. “I…I don’t have four more blossoms inside my hands. What do I do?”
Kuelle stops and stands in front the next mill house, saying into her gem stone, viewing Persia in the middle of the rock. “Tear off one individual flower petal from each blossom. You can leave a single petal, not the entire blossom, too. This counts as a beautiful gift to the batch of evil nasty little wee fairies,” she squats down on the rock surface and gently places the single blossom down into the cubby hole with seriousness, standing upright, dashing ahead to the next damaged mill house. 
“All right! Okay! Yeah!” I pant with fear and start to stroll towards the next damaged mill house, stopping and then squat down on top of the hard surface. I gently tear off a single flower petal and place it down into the empty cubby hole, slowly standing upright. I feel a fast whirlwind behind my back spine and exhale with fear. My hands shake along with my kneecaps.
I whisper for my eardrums only. “Go and get outta of here, right now.”
I feel a brisk breeze behind my back spine and spin around to see. A fast faint whirl of red hue rushes inside filled cubby hole and takes my half-tear pink tinted blossom within my fairy two eyeballs.
I slowly scoot sideways from the mill house and then spin around, quickly racing ahead in panic towards the next cubby hole, almost running into the crumbling wall on the next damaged house. I back step with panic from the wall and then squat down, tossing the half-flower down into the empty cubby hole. I whisper for encouragement, “Three more cubby holes to go!” I swiftly stand upright and leave the mill house, quickly finishing my task in record time. I think.
I dash over hard rock with a handful of tiny flower petals that are smashed and sweaty from my palm, seeing Apella and Gable.
I race onto the grass and slide over the slick elements, tripping down on my feet, landing on my kneecaps with a loud grunt of relief.
i am alive.” I sob with tears for my new dead fairy friend.
From the Garden of Stones, the other teens in order consisting of Kuelle, Britton, and Molfalso do not hesitate and quickly exit out from the terrible landscape as a healthy and live teen fairy.
Molfalso races over the grass and purposefully slams into a petite and upright Apella, dropping both of their bodies down on the ground. He mouth spits and sneers down into her eardrum. “You knew! Didn’t you! Yeah, you knew what would happen here inside the Garden of Stones! And you didn’t do anything. Nabell and Eadric both have died, because you kept your silly fairy secrets, secret. I’m going …”
Britton rushes ahead with a gasp and shoves Molfalso away from Apella. Molfalso rolls off Apella. She continues to rest on the grass and sneers in angry.
Britton lands down the grass and stares at Molfalso, yelling at him with fury. “Apella didn’t know. She told us that last night that her parents traveled inside the fairy godmother lands, not her or me or you.”
Molfalso slowly stands upright on his kneecaps on top of the grass and jabs a finger with a growl at Apella. “Apella, she knows more than we, me and us. I hate you, Apella. I will hate you forever. I hate you for getting my two friends Nabell and Eadric murdered and killed and dead.” He exhales with a huff of angry and slowly standing upright from the grass, sobbing with his tears, wiping off his face. He strolls a few feet ahead from away from Apella and the other teen fairies.
The other teens exhales with a loud grunt of pain and sadness also. Each one spins around from Apella and follows behind Molfalso towards the next obstacle, traveling over a patch of healthy grass and dry dead brown tall weeds in silence.


11:11 a.m.
147 miles, north, from Fairy Academy
Cold temperatures with white fog, heavy gray clouds, no sunshine
   with 8 miles-per-hour winds
    and 11 percent humidity at 28°F


Kuelle has taken the fairy lead of the scout team and scans a new landscape with a thick white fog and low gray clouds, moving ahead of the mumbling angry fairies, feeling sadness for Nabell and Eadric and worry for her person, the other teens and her boyfriend Walcott.
The fairy queen plans a second Fairy War with the four powerful fairy godmothers, so more innocent men, women, baby, child and teenage fairies are going to die, not today, but tomorrow, and the other tomorrow. 
The teens continue to travel the fairy journey and seek the four fairy godmothers and the gang of un-fairy criminals.
Kuelle might die, today, hoping not. However, her boyfriend Walcott had been labeled a un-fairy criminal by the fairy queen. Kuelle has come along with Apella and the other teens finding out why.
In the tall weeds, Kuelle halts with a gasp and runs backwards from the object, smiling into her gem stone. “I found it. I found that tall mountain. We’re here. We made it. Come over here now. Come quick, ya’ll.”
I hear Kuelle’s voice and lift my sad face up from the dead weed looking ahead with a gasp. A short mountain peak stands among a series of low gray tinted thick clouds in front of my eyeballs.
I quickly dash ahead toward the mountain side through the dead grass. Then, one of my boot toes hits a sheet of white colored ice, sliding my body sideways, screaming out loud with fear. “Whoa!” I quickly balance my body and extend both of my arms sideways, keeping upright, sliding to the right and then to the left while screaming. I land down on my kneecaps with a giggle. It takes a lot of power to injury a fairy.
I stand on top of the cold, slick icy ground and scan the new landscape with a smile.
Britton gasps and then grins. “We’re here. The mountain is here too directly in front of us hidden within a thick foggy whitish-gray clouds.” He dashes toward the mountain over the flat dead weeds and then hits the icy ground. He falls forward through the air and ignites his dark blue fairy wave over the ice sheet. His wave hits the ice like an anchor. Britton stands upright and wobbles to the right and to the left, not falling down on his face, either.
Molfalso continues to walk and growl at the butthole on Apella.
Apella claps with a giggle and races away from the other angry and miffed teens and then stops before hitting the ice sheet without busting her nose holes. Yes, her set of loving parents had warned her about each deadly event inside the fairy godmother lands, which had saved her fairy hind, since leaving the school for the assigned royal task.
Apella looks up with a smirk and views a blanket of thick gray clouds surrounding the peak, shouting out loud down into her gem stone. “We’re here. Climb up the mountain towards the peak! Go and find the fairy godmothers and un-fairy criminals now.”
Gable slowly strolls behind the other fairies with a stern face and stops in place, before hitting the icy ground, scanning a brown colored mountain and the white colored ice. “Where is the location of the green and brown colored tree house? Where are the rows of tall green colored shade trees? This stop is cold and icy, at the same time, right here. I don’t see any green forests. Forests didn’t grow on top of a sheet of cold ice. We’ve seen any forestlands either, since leaving the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy.”
Molfalso dashes ahead and then stops, staring down at the solid sheet of ice that covers the ground, saying with a confused brow. “There ain’t any more healthy green forests here within Fairyland. All the land is used for food crops or flooded in death from the salty sea water.”
I look up with a confused brow and view the mountain peak. “You know, the mountain looks kinda funny, to me. It’s flat on top like a pancake and then sharply sloped around each curved side, like something. I don’t what. Why is that way, ya’ll?”
Kuelle points down with a puzzled brow to the ground covering of ice. “Why is there a pretty shimmery glacier sheet of solid ice in the middle of the mountain that is made of natural wood? The ice looks funny, too, like something. I don’t know what either. Why’s that, ya’ll?”
Apella smiles at the mountain slide of ice and the ground sheet of ice. “The spot here is called wintertime. The glacier sheet on the mountain is disguises a falling waterfall during the summertime days. Now, the falling waterfall is frozen water up there, today, right now, during the wintertime season, here on the northern side of the island. We climb up the frozen waterfall and then find the four fairy godmaggots on top of the mountain peak, attacking them in the name of our fairy queen. So, every fairy tart, go and start climbing the frozen glacier of mountain ice. Each side slope is too steep approaching from the side.” She stomps her right boot toe on top of the ice sheet and then slides down on top of the ice, landing down on her back spine, gliding over the ice sheet, without stopping. Apella hits the foot on the mountain and grunts out loud.
The other teen fairies point and laugh at Apella.
I continue to stand before the icy ground and tall mountain, giggling at a stupid Apella. “Can’t we call them on a gem stone now?”
Apella slides backward on the belly button with a sneer towards the edge of the dead weeds, slowly standing upright, jabbing a finger at the mountain peak. She sneers in fury. “Our fairy magic doesn’t work here, fairy fart. We climb the glacier and then find the four farting fairy godmaggots, right now, wee tarts. Follow me! I’m the leader of the scout team,” she slowly paces around the ice and views a crack or weak spot for climbing up towards the mountain peak.
I continue to stand and exhale with annoyance. “Yeah! Nothing is working right or out or here inside the fairy godmother lands. Yeah, I hope my friend Yachel is okay.”
Apella quickly back steps from the ice sheet and then races ahead, leaping from the weed, flying through the air, and lands down on top of the ice, sliding backwards towards the weeds again. The other teen fairies laugh again.
Gable continues to stand and frowns at the ice and mountain. “Can we go back home to Fairyland now? We found the mountain. We were told to locate the tree house. A mountain has trees. So, during the summertime days, there is a tree house. We can report all of this new information to the fairy queen. Then, she can come here and do her thing to or with or at the four fairy godmothers. I don’t like violence or blood or gory or pain.”
Kuelle squats down and touches the ice with a puzzled brow. “You know, these marks or symbols are embedded in the ice sheet look like a set of individual hand prints. Why is that here, ya’ll?” 
Molfalso moves ahead and stops, standing on top of the icy ground, shooting out his crimson colored fairy wave, like an anchor, like Britton. He slips to the left and them to the right, not falling on his face, saying with a chuckle and a grin, “Because it is a reoccurring theme. Why’s that here, ya’ll? Why’s it here, ya’ll? Where’s my mama, ya’ll?” He continues to laugh with some of the teens.
Apella stands upright on her kneecaps on top of the weeds with a sneer and moves ahead towards the glacier again with a growl. “These are the individual four fairy godmother’s hand prints. The four fairy godmaggots are really a quartet of boggarts in disguise that possess six hands and nine feet. So, we walk all over each fairy godmother hand prints and crush each one down into the ice, foreverly.”
Britton squats down and touches one of the hand prints inside the ice. “Naw, you don’t walk over a hand print. You walk with a hand print over a hand print. These are hand prints, not boot prints. You can’t walk on our feet over a hand print. You must walk with a hand over a hand print. yeah, that’s it! I figured it out, ya’ll.”
I gasp with shock and look down at the ice, studying each embedded hand print. “Yes. Yes. Yes. Britton is correct.”
Britton chuckles, “Watch me!” He slowly stands upright from the squat and releases his fairy ray, falling forward towards the ice sheet, standing on both of his hands with an upside body. He slowly walks ahead with one hand at a time reaching out for the first hand print.
He slams a right hand down into the right hand print from the fairy godmother while standing upside in balance, without falling down.
Then he slaps his left hand into the second embedded icy fairy godmother hand print, standing on both of his hands, not falling over to the side. He mumbles from a swollen face of rushed blood down over his skull into his gem stone. “The hand print is cool feeling, not icy cold. Come on, fairies! This is how we walk up the glacier sheet over the mountain on our two hands.” He loudly grunts and shifts his hand to the next embedded imprint in the ice, slowly climbing up the sloped glacier on the side of the mountain.
I remove my palm gem stone and wrap the long chain around my naked throat like a fashion choker and slowly fall forward on both of my flat palms walking upside to the first fairy godmother embedded hand print. I slam my right hand down into the right embedded hand print, feeling the coolness of the design with a giggle, slowly following behind Britton. I slowly climb up the sloped ice-covered glacier with my fairy magic that keeps me from falling backwards and busting my grass, yeah.


12:01 p.m.
Mountain peak location
  (three miles into the clouds)
Cold temperatures with dull sunlight and heavy gray clouds
   with 10 miles-per-hour winds
     and 03 percent humility at 08 degrees 


Britton slams his left hand down into the last fairy godmother’s embedded hand print on top of the flattened mountain peak surface and leaps up from the ice, flying through the air with a somersault. He lands two boot heels on a level surface and wears a puzzled brow.
He stands upright and scans the new landscape, slowly scooting around the limited space while scattering a thick layer of gray colored snowflakes in the air and around his boot toes.
I slam my left hand down into the last fairy godmother’s hand print and flip my body forward in the air, landing down on my two boot heels within a pocket of gray colored snowflakes. I stand upright and survey the new landscape with a grin and a giggle, spinning around. I watch each teen walk upside down and climb the icy slope of the mountain.
I kick my boot toe and hit an assortment of slowly drifting gray tinted snowflakes down from the mountain peak, for my teenly fun, saying with a chuckle and a smile. “Where did all of these gray looking snowflakes come from the matching gray clouds?” I look up and view the heavy gray clouds in the matching gray colored skyline.
Each teen slams a left hand down into the last fairy godmother’s hand print and then flips their upside down body into an air-borne somersault, flying through the cold air waves, landing down on top of a thick layer of gray snowflakes. Each teen slowly stands upright with a smile and surveys the mountain peak along with their fairy mates, Persia and Britton.
Gable continues to stand on the edge of the mountain peak and kicks at each drifting snowflake, sounding with a giggle and a tongue of mouth spit. “Snow.”
Kuelle stands beside Gable and scans the new landscape with a confused brow. “Snow and ice on top of a mountain, this is a very common and logical natural phenomenon of Mother Nature. So, what do we do next, leader Apella?”
Apella stands beside Kuelle and slowly shuffles around the mountain peak, scattering each snowflake in the air, wearing with a sour frown with a matching tone. She surveys the wooden flat surface. “Well, there’s nothing up here. No tree house. No building. No structure. No statute. No forest. No trees. No flowers. No bushes. No four fairy godmaggots. No gang of un-fairy criminals. I just don’t get it.”
Molfalso continues to stand on the edge of the peak and scans the array of drifting snow flakes, the mountain peak, the pale blue skyline and finally the snow. “Well, we see the same thing, Apella. So, shut up, tart!”
I carefully lean over the edge on the sloped mountain side with a puff of fear. “The banked sides sliding down the mountain peak are steep slopes of natural wood that wears an ice coat or coating. No four fairy godmothers are standing or sitting or leaning down there either.”
Britton kicks the snow from the hard, rounded surface with his boot toe and spots something with a gasp, squatting down, wiping the snowflakes from the object with a smile. “Found it I found it.”
Apella spins around with a gasp and stops in place staring down at the hair roots on Britton along with the other teens.
Britton slowly stands upright from the hard surface and points down at the object, saying with a smile. “Every teen, come over here and stand beside me and gather around this rough edge on top of mountain peak.”
Each teen carefully shuffles through the snow and forms a loose semi-circle with Britton in the middle of the array.
Britton stands in-between Gable and Kuelle and aims his golden tinted wrist watch shell with the dark blue embedded gem stone down at the hard surface, saying with a grin. “Now, carefully fire out a tiny and thin fairy wave down at the small piles of snow on top of the hard surface without melting it the hidden wood, Gabbie. This is called a barrow which is similar to an underground house. So, there is something below the barrow.”
Each teen whips out and aims their golden shell with the embedded gem stone down at the snow. 
“Fire!” Britton yells with laughter.
Each teen swiftly fires a controlled tiny thin fairy wave down at the thick layer of gray colored snowflakes. 
I stand between Kuelle and Apella and fire out my tiny and thin magenta colored fairy wave. Each snow pile quickly melts down into an array of runny hot boiling water. The boiling water swiftly drops off down each side on the mountain and then quickly re-freezes over the soft ice from the cold air temperatures here on the mountain peak. I gasp in alarm and view a sculpted circular ring that has been etched into a hard rock formation.
Kuelle frowns down at the rock formation with annoyance. “The next formation is made of gray colored limestone rock. No grass. No trees. No flowers. No bushes. No four fairy godmothers. No runaway fairies. This formation is all rock. What do we do next, Apella, our farting leader?” She laughs with the other teens, except for Apella.
Apella stands beside Persia and continues to survey the hard rock with a sour frown. “I….”
“No! Don’t go into the circular ring!” Gable gasps in alarm and slowly back steps from the revealed circle of rock, jabbing his finger with his tongue spit down at the gray rock. “Don’t go into the ring. It’s a great big fairy ring. Step into the ring, you go zing!” He slowly shuffles towards the edge which leads down over the sloped side.
Molfalso reaches out and grabs Gable by the forearm, before the petite fairy falls backward down from the mountain peak. Molfalso continues to stare with a frown down at the rock formation. “It’s a rock formation which is shaped like a circular ring. This place is safe, Gabbie. Calm down and be still, fairy boy.” He continues to hold onto Gable for protection.
Britton shuffles side to side in place and continues to examine the exposed part of the etched ring on top of the hard gray rock. “Naw! Look around the edge on the etched circular ring. The edge is a smooth circle like a true ring. The ring contains a set of etched markings around the edge like a fairy ring. The array of etched markings represents the ancient Fairy Language?”
Apella stands beside Persia and giggles. “No such thing as ancient Fairy Language exists. We all speak the same language, since the beginning of time, once the group of fairies could utter a set of words and form a completed sentence.”
Kuelle squats down and touches each etched letter. “No! This etched marking comprises a set of giant shaped letters from the common alphabet. Each letter had been etched down into the hard rock. This letter in front of my face is a gigantic capital letter C. The big letter of C is next to a small letter of E. What does it all mean?”
Britton shoots out his tiny dark blue colored fairy finger down into the middle place on the rock surface and slowly outlines each embedded letter, forming a single sentence inside his dark blue gem stone. “The group of letters form a complete sentence with a capital letter and a comma. It says: Come and see me, if you dare!” He gasps with the other frightened teens in horror.
Britton tosses the sentence formation from his gem stone into the air as the sentence sizzles in dark blue colors. Each teen looks up and gasps again in shock and terror at the final four godmother’s un-warmth warning to each teen.
Britton looks down at the rock and leaps up from his spot, landing down in the middle of the surface, slowly twirling around in a circle, staring down at each letter that forms the ring. He shouts loud out with laughter. “I dare you.”
Gable continues to stand in place and whispers for his eardrums only, staring at the fading fairy sentence over his hair roots, shaking his skull. “I dare not.”
Apella looks down with a stern face and stomps ahead into the middle of the rock with Britton, slowly whirling around in a set of completed circles. She lifts both arms in the air towards the pocket of gray tinted clouds, shouting out loud with laughter. “The four fairy godmaggot’s secret hideout is not a tree house. The place is a tree fort. This is a tree false. Don’t you get it, fairies! This is a false tree holding the godmaggot’s fort underneath a pocket of gray clouds.”
Gable continues to stand and whispers for his eardrums only, shaking his skull, hugging his body with both arms. He looks down and stares down at the etched fairy godmother warning, “I wanna go home, now, right now, this moment of my short fairy life.”
Kuelle slowly moves ahead and stands beside Apella with a worried brow, studying the hard rock formation with care, in silence, without dancing.
I stomp ahead into the middle of the rock and stand in-between Apella and Britton without twirling in a circle, lifting both of my arms in the air with laughter. “Hey, ya’ll! The teens are here standing on top of the ring or mountain peak or something really weird, right now. We should see them warning them of the upcoming Second Fairy War with the fairy queen.”
Gable sees Persia inside the etched ring and moves ahead, standing inside the middle of the rock formation with her, Apella, and Britton. He slowly shifts around and shouts loud out with a giggle and a tongue of mouth spit, dancing side to side, pounding each boot heel down on top of the hard rock. “Knock! Knock! They’re not home, not working, today. So, let’s go back to our Fairyland home, right now. I wanna hug my parents. Okay? Okay!” He looks up and views the pale blue sky, lifting both of his arm in the air, sounding with a giggle and his tongue of mouth spit.
Molfalso slowly moves ahead and stands inside the middle of the rock with the rest of his friends, parking both of his hands on his belt, staring down at the rock formation with a puzzled brow. 
The hard rock surface swiftly cracks into a series of tiny exposed fissions.
At 12:18 a.m., my boots dance side to side avoiding each tiny gray colored crack while gasping in fear. One of the holes quickly expands and drops down a large chunk of solid rock. I quickly fall down into the darkness and scream in terror landing down inside an air-borne net of yellow hue that glows in the darkened tunnel, stopping on my face, saying with a sour frown. “Ugh!”
The other teens swiftly fall through the large crack with yells and lands in-between a ground Persia inside the same air-borne netting too.
I twist around and sit upright on my fanny, surveying the netting. “This is a catching net of some type that has captured us. I see space between the set of glowing yellow tinted ropes. It feels silky soft.”
Apella has landed and sits beside Persia, shaking her curls, reaching out, touching the thick fabric on the netting. She pulls back her hand and frowns. “Farting farts! We’re trapped, tarts. This is a fairy godmother trick. O no! The four fairy godmaggots have tricked and then trapped us here inside a vertical tunnel from the mountain peak. How do we get out of here? They could …”
Britton has fallen down and sits beside Apella, trying to stand upright on top of the netting.
Apella rolls away from a struggling Britton and lands down on her belly button, sneering at the stupid teen.
Molfalso sits beside Gable and next to Persia and Kuelle in silence studying the net and then each curved wall inside the vertical tunnel.
Kuelle reaches out and touches the netting with a worried brow. “The netting is silky feeling like a spider’s web.”
I scream out loud and drop downward from my stationary place, sliding further towards the sloped end on the netting. My one boot toe hit a smooth surface. I fall forward and scream in fear, sliding down on my back spine towards the end of the net. The next slick surface is a similar to a playground slide, curving around and around, going down into somewhere.
I halt on my fanny and as my upper body and face hits a wall of rock. My pair of lips are bloody from biting my tongue. I spit out blood over my body and the dark floor, if there is a floor. I touch my forehead with worry, “I’m dizzy.”
“I’m stuck.” I drop my hand and wiggle my arms in the air, without moving while jerking upwards both of my legs and my pair of boot toes from the rock wall, without moving either.
Kuelle falls down next and lands beside Persia, hitting her face into the wall of rock, biting her lips with warm blood. “Ugh!” She shuffles her hands ahead and touches the contents. “Yuck! Below me the surface is sticky, not silky.”
Britton falls next and hits the side wall inside the curved tunnel, hanging off the rock with disgust while sticking his face and body onto the side surface, shouting out loud with new information to each teen. “The contents below your butthole and on my face is composed of sweet, sticky honey.”
I continue to sit and whip up my palm, emitting a tiny array of heat from my gem stone, blasting at the sticky honey. The honey quickly melts into a pile of golden goo, slowly slipping down into the honey contents.
Then I fall downward again and scream with horror, landing down on my back spine on top of a wobbling trampoline-type surface. My poor body slowly bounces up in the air and down on top of the rubber surface over and over again.
I giggle during the funny ride and view another falling teen coming down in my spot.  I quickly roll to the side and a giggle from the funny sensation within my teenly body without injury.
On the side wall, Britton can’t mount both of his hands or boot toes into the sticky honey and drops down, landing directly in Persia’s spot.
I wobble side to side from Britton’s impact and continue to bounce up and down with harmless fun.
Each teen falls off the netting and lands down one at a time on top of the trampoline surface, bouncing up and down in varied heights, depending on the individual weight.
I lean down and rest over the trampoline floor still bouncing with the up and down motion that affects my ears and my stomach while becoming getting seasick.
Gable lands down on his face and as his petite body slowly bounces up and down on top of the trampoline floor. He moans with sickness. “I feel sick. I’m going to…” His set of green vomit exposes from his parted lips and lands further down into the long, dark tunnel.
Apella falls next and lands upright on her two boot heels, slowly bouncing up and down, going high, higher, and then highest. She lands back down on the rubbery floor and shouts into her gem stone. “The trampoline floor is wedged in-between a circular wall of gray colored rock. We’re trapped here foreverly.”
At her highest jump point, she points with a smile at the side wall, saying into her gem stone. “Wait! I see a bright light. There is some type of bright artificial or natural light that is located and fluttering right above our hair roots. And I see a flat level also to stand There is a flat surface level right above our hair roots also.” She swiftly drops back down from gravity and lands on top of the trampoline floor with a heavy grunting, bouncing back up, gaining more height several times. She hovers in the air and see the same flat level within the bright light again, pointing at the floor. “Yes, there’s light here. Yes, this is the way outta of here. Yes, we need to bounce up and jump into the light,” she falls back down from gravity and bounces upwards back towards the light.
Each teen slowly rolls side to side with seasickness and shuffles away from Apella’s powerful acrobatics with her feet. 
Apella bounces off the trampoline rubbery floor again and gains enough height in the air above each sea sickened teen, leaping outward from the air towards the flat level platform, clawing both of her hands onto the rock ledge. She breaks her pretty set of manicured fingernails and slowly crawls ahead using her two palms and her two boot toes over the rock ledge, panting in sweat.
She slowly stands upright on top of the rock floor and face a single square-shaped room in pink, yellow, blue, and red hues. Each side comprises circular limestone colored rock. Each sitting chair is made of solid dark wood with an odd design.
On top of the flat level, within a mysterious vertical tunnel, inside the single mountain, sixteen years old, former Second Class, un-fairy criminal, fairy girl Yachel gasps in shock and stands against the far wall, seeing the familiar teenly face. She slowly moves away from side wall and sneers at her enemy fairy girl Apella.
On the top of the floor near the edge of the ledge, sixteen years old, Second Class, fairy girl Apella gasps in alarm and slowly moves from the ledge, spotting and sneers at Yachel.
Yachel advances ahead and swiftly shoves each furniture piece away from her footpath, growling at loud. “Apella!”
“Yachel!” Apella advances towards Yachel and shoves each furniture piece away from her footpath, snarling for the fight.
They slowly meet and circle a rounded table like two growling she-wolves without touching each other.
Yachel is blocked by the large circular table and then halts her footpath, whipping up her golden palm shell that twinkles underneath the row of artificial bright lamps overhead. She aims her pale blue palm gem stone at Apella.
Apella halts with a gasp on the opposite side of the same circular wooden dark and jerks off her golden earring shell, aiming her golden gem stone at Yachel, sneering the warning. “Die, un-fairy criminal!”
Yachel snarls. “You die, first, fairy girl!”
Each other teen fairy swiftly bounces up from the trampoline floor and hovers in the air, reaching out, attaching a set of naked fingernails and a pair of boot toes onto the solid rock ledge, except for Persia. Each teen fairy views the rear skull on a sneering Apella and a forward face on a snarling Yachel. Each one slowly crawls over the edge and carefully stands upright in a row on the top of rock ledge while watching in horror.
On top of the trampoline rubbery floor, I slowly stand upright and bend my two kneecaps, bouncing my body upwards, hanging in the air waves with a gasp of worry. I reach out and miss the rock ledge screaming out loud with worry.
On top of the solid floor, Britton tears his body away from the upcoming death kill between Apella and Yachel and quickly spins around to see Persia, leaning over into the empty space, grabbing her wavering arms.
I loudly grunt and hit the rock wall at my chest and with my kneecaps, magically hanging in the air waves.
Britton slowly drags Persia upwards from the hard rock wall, over the rock edge, and stands her upright, cuddling into his chest. They swiftly swing around and view the upcoming death kill.
I cuddle with Britton and gasp with a worried brow, shouting out loud, “Yachel, no!”
“Go ahead, child. Kill her!” Fairy Godmother North smiles and wears the color of dull pale yellow, consisting of a long gown, a long fairy cape, a big tiara, a pair of long elbow gloves, and a long wicked wand, slowly floating down from the ceiling wooden planks, landing at the rear wall down inside one of the wall corners that glows in pinkish, reddish, and yellow rock colors. She stands away from the targeted firing range between the two teens.
The room is made of rock that display numerous curved out holes for an individual sleeping chamber and four walls within a squared-shaped space. Each hole displays a worried face from a un-fairy criminal representing both a teenager and their parents.
Fairy Godmother South laughs and wears the color of green, comprising a long dress, a long fairy cape, a big tiara, a pair of long elbow-length gloves, and a tall wicked wand, gently dropping down from the ceiling planks also, landing inside an empty wall on the rear of the room. She stands out of harm and smiles at the nose profile on Yachel, “Do it, child. Murder her!”
Fairy Godmother East chuckles and wears the color of blue, consisting of a long dress, a long fairy cape, a big tiara, a pair of long elbow-length gloves, and a tall wicked wand, slowly floating down from the ceiling planks too, landing down inside the other empty wall corner. She stares at the nose profile on Apella. “Now, child. Terminate her!”
Fairy Godmother West grins and wears the color of pink, comprising a long dress, a long fairy cape, a big tiara, a pair of long elbow-length gloves, and a tall wicked wand, slowly descending down from the ceiling also, landing inside the last wall corner out of target range. She smiles and giggles at the nose profile on Yachel. “Finish it, child. Slay her!”
In front of the wooden circular table, near the row of teen fairies, fairy girl Apella taps her golden earring shell with the golden gem stone and screams out loud with a sour frown and a sneer at her enemy teen Yachel. “You die, un-fairy criminal.” Her gem stone emits nothing. Her golden tinted fairy wave does not shoot out from her golden gem stone within the earring shell.
Yachel aims her palm shell with the embedded pale blue gem stone at the distorted face on Apella without releasing out her fairy wave, exhaling with annoyance, sneering at her enemy.
Inside the rear wall corner, Fairy Godmother South shakes her long black haired ponytail and says with a grin and a giggle. “Your fairy magic does not work here inside the fairy godmother three house from a set of various reasons, fairy teen. One, the limestone rock is rock that blocks your teenly fairy wave. Second, the electromagnetic stuff the planet emits and other scientific reasons also blocks your teenly fairy wave inside our fairy godmother tree house. So, please, come inside and sit down in a chair or stand on the floor.”
Inside the forward wall corner, Fairy Godmother East releases out her blue colored fairy wave and nods with a smile to Apella. “Would you like a cup of hot tea, fairy dear?” A repaired colorful ceramic teapot of solid blue with tiny yellow flowers carefully floats in the air and then lands on top of the wooden table in-between Apella and Yachel.
Inside the rear wall corner, Fairy Godmother North shoots out her yellow colored fairy wave and chuckles with a grin at the two teens. “Would you like a tray of freshly baked chocolate chip cookies, fairy dear?” A wooden tray carefully floats in the air with rows of cookies and passes a row of the un-fairy teen criminals.
On the second level, sixteen years old, former Second Class, un-fairy criminal, fairy guy Walcott stands on the edge of his private sleeping chamber with a smile and reaches out with his long arm and a set of wiggling fingers at the floating tray. He steals two cookies with a quick hand and a loud chuckle. “I want some cookies.”
Zann stands next to Walcott and reaches over, slapping his chest, saying with a giggle and a grin. “Walcott! The cookies are for our guests.”
Walcott lifts one of the cookies to his lips. “I’m hungry and didn’t invite these guests.” He eats and then chews the food with a silly grin, winking at his girlfriend Kuelle on the rock edge.
The wooden tray slowly drops down through the air and lands down on top of the table beside the two teacups in-between Apella and Yachel.
On top of the floor, behind the table, in front of the row of teen fairies, Apella looks down and taps on her golden gem stone, sneering with a sour frown. “My gem stone doesn’t work in here. I don’t feel any heat coming from my gem stone. Why is that? What is wrong here?”
Yachel drops down her palm with the wrapped shell and stares at the row of teen fairies, saying with a sour frown and a matching tone. “Why are you in here?”
I struggle from my boyfriend Britton and slowly move ahead with a stern face towards Yachel. “Why are you in here, Yachel? What is happening in here, Yachel? What is this place?”
Yachel continues to stand behind the table for protection and stares at Persia, exhaling with worry, slapping her chest with a nod. “I am a half-breed, Persia. I am half of a human and half of a fairy.”
I halt with a gasp and then back step with a sneer. “What! What does that mean? What are you saying? How is that possible? I don’t understand, Yachel.”
Yachel nods. “My mom is a human from the human world. Each one of us, in here, staying here, inside this mountain retreat, is half of a breed, Persia. Each one of us is half a human person and a half a fairy.”
On the edge of the rock ledge, Molfalso shakes his skull with his halo and says with a confused brow, staring at each un-fairy criminal. “That’s impossible. This is impossible. The only known and identified group of humans coming from the human world here within Fairyland came from a set of wrecked sea ships, in the year 1604 that are centuries and centuries gone. A human does not live with a long life like a fairy. You’re wrong, Yachel.”
From the rear wall, sixteen years old, former Second Class, un-fairy criminal, fairy guy Stad moves from the wall of sleeping holes and stands beside Yachel, nodding to each fairy teen. “You are correct, Molfalso. However, I am a half of a breed too. My biological dad is a human coming from the human world.”
Yachel frowns. “Persia, I ...”
“We have come here to harm each one of you half a breed things. Each one of you that stays here inside the mountain peak will die, when I get my fairy wave to work,” Apella continues to tap on her golden gem stone without emitting her personal fairy wave, wearing with a sour frown.
On the edge of the rock ledge, Kuelle exhales with worry and annoyance, staring at Walcott. “We can’t harm them in here, fairy princess Apella. So, we have come here to warn you about a new war between the fairy queen and the four fairy godmothers. The fairy queen is very angry, not wanting peace or a peaceful outcome. She will attack you all here very soon. We are her eyes and her spies. I am so ashamed. But I wanted to warn you, my fairy friends. So, you should leave out from here and seek better shelter, before the fairy queen arrives,” she stares with worry and nods directly to Walcott, her boyfriend at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy.
Inside the forward wall corner, Fairy Godmother North grins at each fairy teen. “Thanks for the update, fairies. However, the nasty fairy queen cannot come here inside the godmother tree house for a planned or surprise deadly attack, either. However, the fairy queen is correct. There will be a Second Fairy War between her and us. Thus, we will be attacking her and each one of you and your set of fairy parents there at her farting Fairy Fart.”
I gasp with shock and stare at each godmother. “You…you can’t attack the fort or the queen. A fairy godmother is incapability of harming an innocent child or a stupid lazy teenager or another breathing life form. Isn’t that right? Right!” I nod my skull several times with doubt.
Inside the wall corner, Fairy Godmother South smiles at Persia. “Fairy princess Persia is a very smart teenly fairy. You are correct, fairy dear.”
Stad nods with a stern face to the row of fairy teens. “This is my warning to ya’ll. Each one of us here is defiantly defending the four fairy godmothers from that fugly, ugly, nasty fairy queen. We are their fairy fighters and their fairy warriors for the upcoming Fairy War. So, all of you get outta of her and go back and warn that fugly, ugly, nasty fairy queen that all of us are coming to her farting Fairy Fort, making some fairy dust of the palace,” he cheers with the other un-fairy criminals
I continue to stand beside Apella and gasp with shock at Stad. “But, you and me, we are only teen fairies with teenly fairy powers.”
Apella stomps her foot and laughs out loud, staring at some of the un-fairy teen criminals. “Very good, four fairy godmaggots and un-fairy criminal Stad! Now, we, the true fairies both understand the new rule. The winner of the Fairy War will take it all including each permanent death from every single half of a breed or fugly, ugly half-breed. I plan to dust my private bedroom furniture pieces with your long gorgeous black colored hair, half-breed Stad.”
Molfalso stares with a worried brow at Zann. “Shut up, Apella!”
Inside the wall corner, Fairy Godmother East frowns at each teen fairy. “There is another old rule here that each fairy must understand, too. A fairy cannot kill another breathing and living life form, including an animal or an insect or a mammal.”
“She’s right.” Kuelle nods with a stern face at Walcott.
“She’s afraid!” Apella continues to tap on her gem stone and sneers with annoyance at her blocked fairy powers. “I can kill each one of you right here, right now, if I could only get deadly firing ray working.”
“You can try, child.” Fairy Godmother South giggles.
Yachel exhales with worry. “The other fairy rule states, if a fairy kills another live and breathing life form, then the killing fairy becomes an ugly boggart.”
“No! Nope! Never! Naw, un-fairy criminal, you are so wrong, Yachel!” Apella looks up and spits at Yachel, shaking her curls.
“Yes.” Yachel nods with a stern face to Persia.
“No, not right or correct! Our talented fairy guy Molfalso killed each horse including Yachel’s farm steed.” Apella thumbs back over her collar bone to Molfalso and laughs out loud. Molfalso gasps in shock and nods to Yachel in silence. 
Yachel sobs with my sad tears. “You! Did…did you really kill my horse, Molfalso?”
Apella sneers at Yachel. “He cold-blooded murdered all the farm horses with his pretty crimson colored gem stone ray like a shotgun. Zap! Sizzle! Die!” She looks down with a laugh and taps on her golden gem stone.
Inside the wall corner, Fairy Godmother East points with a sad face to Apella. “That child is very mean.”
Fairy Godmother North slowly moves ahead and stops, hugging Yachel, saying with a soft timber. “I am very sorry, child. The group of farm horses had encountered the gang of dead horse ghosts inside the horse graveyard, which is centuries old. Each horse ghost likes to make a live and breathing farm horse crazy. Each crazy farm horse becomes wild running around and around in a circle until body exhaustion and then permanent death. Fairy Molfalso performed a noble duty, indeed, with your horse, Yachel.”
“Indeed! He cold-bloody murdered a life form, seven life forms to be exact. Thus, fairy Molfalso didn’t turned into a nasty boggart like you have lied, half-breed Yachel. Molfalso is still a handsome teen and a smart fairy prince.” Apella looks up and laughs at Yachel.
Fairy Godmother West nods. “Each formed boggart was once a bad fairy that had lived a long, long time ago. Then each boggart had been turned into a brownie on a bright sunny day, a long, long time ago. Then each brownie became too old and too weak to fight against the four fairy godmothers. So, each brownie had accepted their permanent place as a house servant for each fairy clan family. Our homeland island of Fairyland had been happy and kind ...”
“She lies.” Apella jabs a finger and a sneer at the fairy godmother. “Fairy God-maggot in blue hue is trying to get us to surrender our gem stone to her or them or each one of them.”
Each teen fairy gasps in alarm and cuddles their golden shell with the embedded gem stone into their chest, wearing a worried brow of concern, staring at each fairy godmother in silence.
“I don’t wanna lose my gem stone.” Kuelle whispers for her eardrums only.
Gable cuddles his arm and pats his cuff link with the lime green gem stone, staring at each fairy godmother. “My gem stone makes me a talented fairy.”
Britton points with a sneer to each fairy godmother and a few of un-fairy criminal. “We are leaving here and you, reporting back to inform our leader, the fairy queen. We are tattling your location here within the fairy godmother tree house that resides on top of an icy mountain or inside a mountain hole or within a mountain. Whatever! You live inside the only mountain which is located here within the northern part of the island. Our fairy queen will know what to do, then.” He spins around and leaps off the rock floor, gasping in shock, staring down into deep pit. “Ugh! How do we leave from here, ya’ll?”
Inside the wall corner, Fairy Godmother North darts her two eyelashes to the other godmothers, nodding with a grin in silence.
Inside the wall corner, Fairy Godmother South grins at Apella. “Fairy princess Apella is your leader. So, I address my statement to fairy princess Apella. We are going into a Second Fairy War with your fairy queen and any of the other silly fairy friends or family members which stand between her meanness and your stupidity. Your long teenly wee fairy journey has been very fruitful. You have located our hidden spot here within a mountain peak. But, that new information is of no matter to us or to you. We will not be here tomorrow morning. We will be on the warpath towards the fairy queen within your homeland of Fairyland at sunrise. I promise, fairy princess Apella.”
Each teen fairy within the row gasps with shock.
In the wall corner, Fairy Godmother East smiles at each teen fairy, “We all will go into a Second Fairy war, including each teen and adult fairy against each teen and adult half-breed, tomorrow morning at sunrise.”
Yachel gasps in alarm, dashes around the circular table and stops beside Persia, reaching out, dragging the arm on Persia from the other teen half-breeds and teen fairies. She stops and stands near the side wall out of hearing range. Yachel leans into the cheekbone on Persia with a whisper of worry. “Persia, please, do not fight in the Second Fairy War. Pleas, do not kill in the Second Fairy War. You will become an ugly, fugly, smelly boggart like that nasty fairy queen. Do you understand me?”
I gasp in shock. “No! I don’t understand any of this or you, Yachel. My leader, the fairy queen had commanded us to come here locating the fairy godmother hideout. So, we found it, I guess. Now, we find out that each fairy had been expected to arrive here inside the tree house without a glass of sweet milk and a tray of sugar cookies. We find out that the four fairy godmothers are threatening to harm each one of us and our fairy queen, tomorrow morning at sunrise. This entire plot or plan or probe is so stupid. I’m shocked and scared, Yachel. Why can’t you come back to Fairyland with me? You and I can go and hide within the lush grove of forestland throughout Fairyland. There are plenty of tall healthy shade trees that serve as food and shelter. The ancient fairies started out living on each tree branches. You and I can run away and hide within the forest, for years or decades or centuries. Look out! Each fairy godmother didn’t seem to mind you and us leaving here from the tree house, isn’t that right? Right!” I smile.
Yachel shakes her curls and her tiara. “I can’t. The fairy queen will murder me into a permanent death, for certain. I wanna live. I wanna see the yellow moon come up tomorrow night. I wanna marry my half-breed boyfriend Stad. We love each other. We wanna become a family …”
“I understand. I want the same thing, Yachel.” I turn and view the rear skull on my boyfriend Britton, who continues to scan the deep pit for an escape. I return back and frown at Yachel. “I wanna live to see the moonlight, tomorrow night, too. I wanna love and get married, too.”
“You can stay safe here inside the fairy godmother tree house, Persia. Don’t fight within the Second Fairy War, Persia! Don’t go and change into a boggart from killing within the Second Fairy War, Persia. I promise. No! I swear that I will kill you. The hidden group of boggarts are nasty and mean and kill everything including each other.” Yachel nods.
I gasp in shock, “I …”
“…want you to live,” Yachel reaches down squeezes Persia’s arm, saying with a worried brow. “Please, stay here inside the tree house during the upcoming Second Fairy War, my bestest friend and dearest neighbor Persia. You will be safe here inside the tree house and out of the way there within Fairyland,” she smiles.
I gasp in alarm. “Are you really going to war with our fairy queen? Then, you will become a boggart along with Stad, Zann, and other un-fairy criminals, if…if you believe the pookie dookie coming out from your pink-painted lips, Yachel. I can’t believe this is happening to me, to you, to fairies, to Fairyland.”
She giggles. “Well, I guess that I am an un-fairy one, not a fairy criminal. I didn’t kill a brownie during the surprise attack, Persia. I didn’t kill any of other helpless fairies there on the ground. I was on the ground too, worrying about my live, also.”
“Mentor Faddy is dead. Nabell’s mom is dead, too. All of the brownie servants are dead.” I say with sadness.
Yachel frowns. “No! Fairy mentor Faddy was a very old fairy and then he had died from a heart attack during the surprise attack. No! Nabell’s mom and other dead fairies had been trampled on by each sharp hoof from a scared fleeing unicorn. Yes. All of the brownies had been killed while ending their long-term suffering. Yes. Each un-fairy had planned this terrible event, attack during the farting fairy queen coronation parade. Surprise! Good luck had been with them. The fairy queen wanted a rehearsal, before her parade. My parents and the other un-fairy parents had been the ones that had killed each house brownie. Persia, this is the truth. Each brownie had been a true human in disguise.”
I exhale with sour breath. “Yeah, I know that.”
She gasps in shock. “What! How do you this information? When did you find out? Who told you the truth?”
I nod. “I mean to say that I found out too. When I was researching your fairy tale word, humans, I saw the memories from each dead brownie that was really a dead human. Each brownie had been embedded within each gem stone from a dead fairy for some reason. I saw a set of pictures both horrible and terrible. I will never forget that.”
She nods. “The fairy queen flies into the human world. Then, she captures an orphaned baby infant within the human world. She brings the orphan baby back into Fairyland. Then, she gives the orphaned baby to the set of brownies for caring and nurturing into a toddler. Each brownie family cares and raises the babe. The babe becomes a teenager. Then, the teen is chained and dipped down in a set of honey inside an enclosed cage. The pot of honey turns the human teenager into a fairy tale brownie. The brownie can live for hundreds and hundreds of years within its new fairy form, since Fairyland is a magical different place from the human world.”
I look down with a sad face and view the streaks of pretty gray and pinks within the rock floor. “I don’t understand, then.” I look up with a confused brow and view Yachel. “How are you a half of a breed? How is your mom a human? A human resides within their human world, not here inside Fairyland. A fairy lives in Fairyland, not there inside the human world. A fairy only visits the human world during the night and then returns back to Fairyland as part of their fairy job which was a foreverly promise from the lips of the fairy queen, centuries ago.”
She grins. “My dad is the true fairy. His family had a group of house and farm brownies, too. One day, as a teen fairy male, he was messing around the mill house looking for some extra apples as a growing tall and hunger teen. He saw my mom as a small child in human form. He spied on her for days. Then he ran back home and tattled on her strange human presence to his biological parents. His fairy parents kidnapped and then captured the young human female child from the group of caring brownies. Well, actually, the brownies and his parents had worked out a trade for some food and farm equipment.
“His fairy father or my grandfather had freed his group of brownies as a slave servant on his crop farm. Each brownie freely lived and worked the farm, like a fairy family. In exchange, each brownie surrendered up each human child. The human child lived and grew up within a fairy household like a sister or a brother to the fairy family. My fairy dad fell in love and then married the human teenager. Then, they mated and produced me. So, I am half a human from my mom and half a fairy from my dad. Thus, my married parents hate the fairy queen. They plotted and then attacked and finally killed off each brownie, who really an enslaved human child coming from the human world. I know some much about the human world then …”
“I don’t believe you, Yachel.” I shake my curls and my tiara with a sad pout. “That story is a real good fairy tale, since it is not recorded anywhere inside the Fairy Library. I should know. I have searched every photo and file for something about a human. There is nothing there about one single human coming from the human world. So, you lie good and fib well and make stuff up. This is very serious, Yachel. You! Well, it was your parents and the other un-fairy criminal parents tried to murder the fairy queen, our leader of Fairyland.”
She shakes her curls and her tiara with a stern face. “My dad wasn’t the only young fairy child that saw a real human kid, either. Zann and Stad and Hadwin, each teen is a half-breed also. One parent is human, one is not. Each fairy family had exchanged a real human child for farm food for decades, maybe, centuries.”
I turn and view each un-fairy criminal.  Zann, Stad, Hadwin, and the other half-breed teens continue to stand beside their biological un-fairy criminal parents. Each un-fairy criminal continues to hide here inside the famed fairy godmother tree house with the four fairy godmothers inside a fake mountain. I return back and frown at Yachel. “I still don’t believe you, Yachel.”
Yachel reaches out and shakes Persia, saying with a whsiper of worry. “Stop! Look! And listen to me here! Each fairy farmer lives within the countryside, not inside the Fairyland limits. Each mill house trades with a fairy farmer for crops and fruits. It was a matter of time before each fairy farmer had figured out what the fairy queen was doing to each human child. So, each farm fairy did something about it unlike your set of uncaring fairy parents, Persia. Your set of unloving fairy parents and the other fairy parents were helping or hiding the true fact, a kidnapped human baby from the human world ...”
“Stop!” I gasp in alarm, “No, that’s not true. That’s false.”
“True!”
“No!”
“Yes!”
I scan each un-fairy criminal and then each teen fairy on the row, returning back with a stern face to see Yachel. “I believe you.”
Yachel smiles, “Good! Now, you understand, also. You must stay here inside the fairy godmother tree house for protection within a mountain and out of harm’s way, Persia.”
I snarl. “What about my world within Fairyland? I am a fairy, not an un-fairy criminal, like you, Yachel. I live there. I love it there. I wanna stay there within Fairyland, not here inside a rock wall with some broken down wooden furniture. I know what will happen out there. I will live. I will win. I will fight you and your little band of outlaw criminal fairies. Goodbye, Yachel!” I swiftly spin around and dash away from Yachel, slamming into the back spine on Britton.
Britton wobbles side to side and balances his body on the edge of the floor, spinning around with a sneer and then gasps, reaching and cuddles his love Persia. He stares with a sneer at her enemy half-breed Yachel.
I lean into his chest and sob with my sad tears, holding my chin high, feeling pride as a fairy.
On the side wall, Yachel stands alone and gasps in shock, shaking her curls, sobbing with her sad tears for the upcoming future death of her bestest friend and dearest friend within Fairyland.
Stad dashes ahead and hugs Yachel, whispering into her eardrum, sneering at both Britton and Persia.
Zann slowly moves down each stone step as her fairy talents does not work inside the tree house. She lands on the rock floor and advances toward her fairy boyfriend Molfalso with a sad face.
Molfalso slowly moves ahead and gently collides into her body, hugging her into his arms, whispering into her tears. “Please, come back with me to Fairyland, Zann. I’ll protect you, I promise …”
“I cannot.” Zann shakes her curls and her tiara with a sad face. “The evil fairy queen wants me and each one of the other half-breeds permanently dead. She held a fake un-fairy court trial finding each one of us guilty of something. I didn’t do anything.”
He smiles. “I know that, darling. I didn’t do anything either. So, you are not guilty of anything, too. Please, come back with me to Fairyland. I’ll protect you and your parents. I promise. We can get married and live within the forestlands among the twinkling stars and tall shade trees like our silly fairy ancestors. I love you, Zann. I can’t be without you. This silly little battle has proved that to my heart and my soul.” He leans over and tries to kiss her lips.
Zann pulls away from Molfalso and crosses her arms, shaking her curls and tiara “No! I trust you.” She turns and frowns at Apella, returning back to Molfalso. “But, I don’t trust the other ninety-nine percent teen and mature fairies. I am half a human and half a fairy, a half-breed. I am not a true hundred fairy gal. I love my half-breed family. They love me. We must stay and survive out here inside the tree house for the rest of our lives.”
Molfalso gasps in shock. “A Second Fairy War is coming to Fairyland. Are you saying to me that you are going to fight against me during the Second Fairy War? Are you saying to me that you are going to harm me also during the war?”
Zann slowly back steps from Molfalso and sobs with her sad tears, wearing a sad face. “I don’t wanna fight against you, Molfalso. But, this thing is out of my hands, my pair of half a breed hands, now. I guess, I must depend upon my pair of fairy and human parents to guide and protect me, now. Farewell, fairy guy!” She spins around with sobs and dashes ahead, landing inside Hadwin’s open arms.
Hadwin stares with a worried brow at Molfalso and shakes his curls in silence.
 Molfalso gasps in alarm and slowly back steps from the side wall, standing beside the wooden table with the tray of uneaten cookies and two teacups of cold tea in silence and in shock.
Walcott jumps down from the second level still chewing on the handful of freshly baked chocolate cookies and lands on top of the rock floor, slowly advancing ahead towards Kuelle with a grin.
Kuelle swiftly moves ahead from the edge of the deep pit and stops, hugging his body with a sad face.
They both have overheard the whispered conversation from each un-fairy teens, Yachel and Zann.
Walcott chews and then swallows the food with a whisper. “I love you, Kuelle. I’m more worried about your safety during the upcoming Second Fairy War.”
Kuelle exhales with worry. “I’m worried about your safekeeping, too. We should run away and leave the fairy mountain, the fairy school, and the fairy godmother lands. We can survive and live off the lands somewhere else but here. You’re a farmer. You know how to grow food. We only need food and each other. I’ll go anywhere you wanna go, Walcott.”
Walcott turns and views his parents, who also need to survive with food and air too. He returns back and frowns at Kuelle. “I can’t, Kuelle. I gotta take care of my mom and dad. I love them, too. But, you can stay here inside the fairy mountain for safekeeping, instead. After the stupid Second Fairy War, I’ll come and get you here. Then, we can live anywhere you want here on the island with my parents also.”
Kuelle wipes each rolling tear from her eye socket. “I can’t leave my parents, either. Isn’t there another solution, but fighting and then dying?”
Walcott hugs her with laughter and pulls back with a wink, whispering into her sad face. “I ain’t going to die, sweetheart. The farting Fairy Academy has taught me greatly about fighting and surviving with my trickery fairy magic and my cool fairy wave. You won’t stay in here, so don’t fight, either, Kuelle. Don’t go and fight during the Second Fairy War. Stay inside your house or hide inside the fairy school. Yeah, that’s a good idea. Each half-breed is leaving here and going to attack and then ultimately destroy that farting Fairy Fort, not the Fairy School. So, you stay and be safe inside the fairy school. I’ll come and get you right after the farting Fairy Wall. I promise. We will be together foreverly, Kuelle.”
Kuelle wipes off each rolling worried tear with a whisper. “Yeah, I promise. I will go and stay there at the fairy school and stay outta of the upcoming Second Fairy war. I will be waiting and watching for you to come and get me there inside the fairy school. How’s that, darling?”
Walcott slumps down and kisses her cheekbone, pulling back with a wink. “Yeah, that’s a good plan for the both of us, darling. You will be waiting inside the school. And I’ll be coming back there.” He leans down and kisses her lips, pulling back with a grin. “I love you, my fairy princess Kuelle.”
Kuelle wipes each one of her rolling worried tears and fakes a smile with a whisper. “I love you, too, my un-fairy criminal boyfriend Walcott.” She releases his body and slowly back steps from her boyfriend while staring at Walcott, dropping a rolling tear from each one of her red eyeballs.
Walcott slowly back steps from Kuelle and mouths each word in silence to her face: I love you.
His body slams into one of the fairy godmothers inside the wall corner, sounding with a chuckle, grinning at his girlfriend.
Kuelle stops and stands in-between Gable and Molfalso, wiping off each one of her rolling worried tears, nodding with a fake smile to Walcott.
Fairy Godmother North slides Walcott to the side and says with a giggle and a grin to each teen fairy. “Who would like to stay here and live with us inside our warmth and comfortable tree house for the rest of your happy days?”
On the row of fairies, in front of the deep pit, Gable scans each rock wall and then each one of four fairy godmothers, saying with a puzzled brow. “Why do you call this space and place, a tree house?”
Fairy Godmother South smiles, “This is not a mountain, but a chopped down ancient tree which is almost thousand years old in age. This is the remaining inner chamber from a damaged tree trunk. The fairy queen and her band of wicked boggarts had destroyed the top portion on the ancient tree with each deadly fairy wave, in the year 1604. The long, thick tree branches and healthy green leaves had burned into melting piles of drifting gray ashes and then floated away within the smelly yellow tinted clouds. So, we had fused layers of colorful limestone rock here within the inners on the raw tree trunk meat while preserving the ancient wood from the nasty weather elements. Then we had cast a set of fairy godmother charms around the tree and all of the surrounding lands while keeping the fairy queen out along with the group of nasty brown tinted, ugly boggarts.”
Britton frowns. “There are any boggarts living there within Fairyland.”
Fairy Godmother West giggles. “Yes, there is only one, the fairy queen. And I promise to each one of you. There will form more nasty, brown tinted, ugly boggarts, before the Second Fairy War ends.”
Fairy Godmother East chuckles, “I can hear and see that there will be no additional guests to stay here today or tomorrows. Then, each one of you may leave us and our tree house.”
Each fairy godmother lifts up their wicked wand that exhibits a really nasty-looking, but pretty colored gem stone. Each one releases out and sends an individual colorful fairy waves that consist of pink, yellow, green, and blue hue.
The blue tinted fairy godmother wave surrounds each teen fairy and sweeps them together into a tight huddle, without a flinging arm or leg but lots of scrams for godmother protection.
Then, the yellow tinted fairy godmother wave scoots underneath the tight huddle of fairy bodies and then gently lifts the bundle of fairy bodies from the rock floor for godmother protection making a new fairy color wave in purple hue.
Each teen fairy screams in panic and slams into each other while the huddle slowly lifts upright from the rock floor surface.
The green tinted fairy godmother wave cuddles the batch heated bodies in the formation of a cupped hand for godmother protection.
Then, the pink tinted fairy godmother wave covers the top on the bundle of teen bodies for godmother protection, making a new fairy color of red hue.
The four godmother fairy waves work as one wave while glowing in red and purple hues, creating a single magenta color. Then, the one fairy godmother magenta tinted wave floats the bundle of teens within the air waves and then safely transports them upwards through the tree tunnel again.
At 01:11 p.m., within the cold temperatures with an array of dull sunlight, the single powerful fairy godmother magenta tinted fairy wave exits the crack on top of the mountain peak and travels through the air waves in a southern direction at great speed, sending the bundle of teens back home into Fairyland.
The fairy godmother wave travels above the dangerous Garden of Stones, then the thorny forest, then the fairy graveyard of tall red tinted dirt mounds, over each embedded fairy rings, and finally over the horse ghost graveyard. Then the magenta wave travels over the tan colored desert and over the dead brown weeds from the nightly flood on the edge of Fairyland. Each tightly huddled teen can view the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy structure, without a loud cheer or a hand clap as they are all smashed together into each other’s limbs and faces.
Then, the single fairy godmother magenta wave breaks apart into four individual fairy godmother color of yellow, pink, blue, and green. The yellow tinted fairy godmother wave lands the huddle of teens on top of the dry dirt and dead brown weeds. The pink tinted fairy godmother hand releases the teens from the tight huddle. The blue tinted fairy godmother hand waves good bye to each teen fairy.
And finally, the green tinted fairy godmother wave forms into a nasty single middle finger and appears in front of the fairy queen, who stands on top of the rotten front porch with in her pair of crooked and bent legs.
The four separate fairy godmother waves spin around from the group of fairies and soars through the air, flying back towards the mountain peak within the northern sky underneath the sunrise of purple, orange, silver, and gold.
91st day Fairy Academy


06:06 p.m.
   (150 miles, south, from Fairy Grandmother Mountain)
Northern campus, without the winged steeds
Cool temperatures with pink, yellow, green, and red sunset
   with two miles-per-hour winds and 17 percent humidity at 57°F 


Persia’s mom stands on top of the dry dirt and gasps in shock, racing ahead towards the grounded set of teens, reaching her daughter first. She bends down and assists Persia to stand, saying with sobs of happy tears, “Persia, you’re back home. You’re here with me. I love you, honey. Why didn’t you call us, honey? We were worried to death, Persia,” she hugs her daughter with more happy tears.
Persia’s dad dashes ahead and stops, hugging his wife and daughter, saying with a happy smile. “We didn’t know your location, Persia. I love you, too, honey.”
I pull back and smile to each parent. “The fairy gem stone didn’t work inside the fairy godmother lands. We couldn’t call you or anyone else here at the school or within Fairyland, except I did use my personal stash of clothing all the time for both sleeping and eating. Why didn’t you wash my dirty, smelly, and stinky bed linens, Mom?”
Her mom gasps in shock. “We…we thought you as a dead fairy teen, Persia.”
I gasp in alarm, “Dead! Naw, I’m here and alive. I ate and slept inside the fairy godmother lands. So, who had replenished the food items and the teapot of fresh water inside my personal stash here at the Fairy Academy?”
“The fairy mentors took care of each persona stash here at the school. You have been gone for four months, Persia. This is the wintertime season here within Fairyland. So, the fairy mentors still conducted school and took care of each teenly personal stash while each set of parents waited and worried.” Persia’s dad nods.
I gasp with shock. “I have gone for four months. This is the wintertime months. Wow! It seemed like I had been gone for a few days. Are you certain it has been four months, since the month of August?”
Her mom nods. “Yes, look around at the dead trees and the dry grass. The landscape is almost dead.”
“The grass is always dead. How can you tell dead from life?” I turn and scan the grounds, seeing each fairy mentor, sneering with annoyance. Each surviving fairy mentor stand in-between the fugly, ugly, nasty boggart Fairy Queen. I feel angry, hate, and sadness for my sacrifice, Yachel’s sacrifice, and each wasteful sacrifice from my fellow dead fairy teens, Nabell and Eadric.
Her mom frowns the distorted face on her daughter. “What’s wrong, Persia?”
“Everything is wrong!” I continue to growl at the fairy queen on the porch.
Inside the pile of arms and legs, Molfalso rests over a grounded Britton, growling with annoyance. “Your breath stinks, fairy boy. Brush your teeth, when surf traveling.” He slowly stands upright and spins around, advancing to his parents with worry, not happiness.
Kuelle slowly stands upright from the pile of arm and legs, dashing ahead to her parents, tossing both arms in the air. She stops and narrates her fairy adventure, sounding with sobs, smiles, and laughter. Her parents hug Kuelle and nod with a smile of relieve.
Britton slowly stands upright from the dry dirt and wipes the dirt off his fairy cape and his jeans, moving ahead to his parents, pointing at the parents of Nabell and Eadric. He stops and whisper the sad tale.
His parents nod with understanding and spin around with a stern face, advancing to Nabell and Eadric’s parents. Britton and his parents stop and explain the sad event to each fairy family.
Gable slowly stands upright from the dirt and finds his parents, dashing ahead, waving both of his arms along with his tongue spit in the air. He stops and continues to dance side to side with happiness regarding his personal fairy journey.
Apella stands last from the ground and spins around, skipping with happiness to her parents and then stops. She hugs her parents and pulls back with a smile. “We found them. We found the four fairy godmaggots and each un-fairy criminal inside their tree house. We know the location of secret their tree house that hides within the extreme northern part on our island. Now, we can go and attack them before they attack us here within Fairyland.” Her parents nod with a smile.
From the front porch setting within the cool evening, the fairy queen slowly moves down each broken stone step, limps over the dry dirt towards Apella and her parents and then stops, standing in front of Apella and her parents, saying with a frog-like croak. “What did the four fairy godmaggots say, fairy princess Apella?”
Apella spins around and bows down at her waistline to the queen, standing upright with a stern face. “The four fairy godmaggots are coming here within Fairyland for the upcoming Second Fairy War tomorrow at sunrise. They promise.” Each teen and adult fairy overhears through their individual gem stone and then gasp with shock.
The fairy queen claps with a nod and a grin of yellow tinted teeth. “Very good! Very good! You did an excellent job, fairy princess Apella. We will all be ready for the four fairy godmaggots and the group of non-talented half-breeds. Let them come and die here within Fairyland. We will not bury the dead bodies and let the nightly flood water wash the dead things away with the tide,” she laughs with the others.
Persia’s mom pulls back from her motherly hug with a smile and a nod. “I’m glad you’re safe and alive, honey. Now, time for the supper meal. Please, go to your room and dress for the supper meal, Persia.”
I continue to stand and park my set of dirty hands on top of my dirtier jeans, saying with a sour frown. “I just survived the threat from four fairy godmothers and the group of half-breeds. Now, you want me to go and dress up for supper meal food which is not a formal affair, right now, this moment. We are going to be invaded here at the fairy school at dawn by…by a set of invaders. Why are you so calm? Why is everyone calm, but me?”
Persia’s dad grins with nod. “We are fairies. We will win the Second Fairy War battle again. The fairy queen will lead us to our fairy victory, again, like she had done five hundred years ago.”
I lift both arms in the air and say with a sour frown. “What! How? Who? When? What?”
Her mom grins. “You are presented with skin cuts and body bruises. You must heal your wounds, before the suppers meal, tonight, right now, this moment. You must be presented with body wounds in front of the fairy queen.”
I turn and view the far distance in the south, west and east. My fairy eyeballs can see numerous black and smoke stacks. “O! My broken heart does not show. What are these forest fires in the far, fair distance from the southern, western, and eastern parts of Fairyland, Mom? Are those grove of thick forest trees burning down over yonder, Dad?”
Persia’s dad does not turn or view each one of the smoking forest fires, saying with a smile to Persia, “O that! That is nothing, honey. They’re cleaning up the dried and dead forestlands, before the rains fall.”
“Go and change into your fairy fancy gown, honey. We are all required to attend the fairy queen dinner tonight.” Her mom spins around and rubs her apricot gem stone over her clothing. Her gem stone magically changes her blue jeans into her long, ruffled apricot gown and a set of matching sandals. She shoots out her matching fairy wave and stands on top, not getting dirty from the red clay, soaring forward ahead towards the school building beside her husband.
On top of his light brown fairy wave, her dad rubs his gem stone over his casual clothing, changing into a light brown sports jacket, a clean white tee shirt and a clean pair of dark blue colored jeans, riding his wave a few inches above the ground and beside his wife. Then they both land down on top of the rotten and busted wooden planks on the front porch, burning up more of healthy wooden planks there at the school building.
I look over my butthole and view each grove of chopped down forestland with a deep sigh of sadness, slowly returning back to stare at an empty front porch with a growl.
Each teen has escorted their set of parents along with the other mature and senior adults inside the school building and are all gone from the outside landscape of burning fires and smoked filled skies, except for Persia and the scattered herds of ding-ding horses, the pride from the fairy queen’s barns.
Each ding-ding horse carefully grazes down on the tiny fresh grasslets on the northwestern side of the school building. Rows of rusty and dull golden tinted coaches twinkle in front of the school building inside a pretend parking lot.
I slowly stomp ahead towards the steps with a growl and move over the frozen red colored dirt clay without getting my boots dirty, climbing each solid step, scooting around each deep or newly burnt pothole in the wooden planks on top of the front porch. I enter the door-less door.
At 06:35 a.m., I stomp over an array of new and old deep potholes within the well-lighted common hallway with a side wall of ugly colored portraits of the ugly fairy queen, turning into the side wall, climbing up the staircase and skip over each hole. I land on the fifth floor level and advance to my private fairy princess bedroom.
I stop and stand in front of the door-less room. Yeah, I had slammed it broken, when I had gone on my non-fun fairy adventure to visit the four unknown fairy godmothers and the familiar set of un-fairy criminals.
At 06:40 p.m., the door archway is open.
I enter into my room, shooting out and split out my fairy wave, grabbing my bedroom door off the floor. I replace the broken door between each door frame for some dressing privacy, holding it shut with my fringe ringer.
I stop and stand in my dirty clothes sounding with a series of snarls and growl in angry and frustration, pondering my deep mental thoughts.
The fairy queen had known about half-breed Yachel and the other fairy half-breeds the entire time during Persia’s school day and maybe even before that first time event, three years ago. However, the fairy queen had not acted on her own accord, instead she had used the scout team with each teen fairy to expose the ugly truth about half-breed Yachel and her kin plus the other half-breeds.
I slide down into my reader-chair and glide my gem stone over the white tinted reader-tray. The tray still appears in white hue without words or images.
“Wee, farts!” I slide my gem stone over the reader-tray again, activating the filing cabinet for further educational materials to defeat the fairy queen, protect my friend Yachel, and save my own hindie, hoping in that order.
The reader-tray remains white and dull without words or images.
I snarl, “Figures! I’m two dance steps behind the fairy queen, always.” I scoot out and stand upright from the reader-chair, looking up and sneer at the ceiling and then growl down at the ratty wooden floor. “This is the purpose of the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy. And I both have missed and messed it up. So, I go and fix it better, somehow, someway,” I look up and smile at the rigged broken bedroom door, strutting ahead with my bad fairy princess attitude. The door does not open. I shoot out a tiny fairy finger and slam the broken door open in-between the two wooden frames. The poor wooden door falls over the floor again with a loud thump that echoes into the dormitory hallway.
At 06:51 p.m., I stroll, alone, down an empty corridor and rub my magenta tinted gem stone over my dirty tee shirt. My fancy fairy dirty and stinky gown covers my upper bodice plus my wiggling buttocks and my long legs. But I still wear my pair of torn, stinky and dirty blue jeans and my pair of dirtier cowgirl boots underneath the fancy gown, growling at each spying fairy. “I double dare you to make me take the blue jeans off.”
I cut lose my magenta fairy wave through the air and jump on top of the sizzling beam swiftly sailing down the staircase and turn the wall corner. I extend both arms outwards for my body balance, wobbling side to side, maneuvering down a narrow hallway. I wear my puffy, fluffy black tinted funeral dress with a grin and feel happier, since whenever.
I stop my fairy wave before the open archway in front of the banquet room and jump down onto the floor without somersaulting, like a mischievous teen, retracting my wave back into my gem stone with a loud slurp. I stand in place and view the interior of the room while trying to calm down each teenly emotion consisting of fury, angry, disappointment, and sadness. My teenly emotions want to come out as a series of wet tears, angry yells, and folded fists.
However, I will go some place quiet and release out each teenly emotions later within the evening as a promise my bent and bruised teenly ego.
At 07:00 p.m., the doorless archway into the banquet is still door-less.
I move ahead with a stern face and stop inside the open archway, gasping in shock.
The room is newly decorated in a set of fresh green lumber. The horizontal lumber planks completely surround the four walls, the ceiling, and the floor. There is new elevated platform stage, holding a new wooden throne bench and two long eating tables. The two eating table holds an assortment of teen and adult fairies, and each fairy mentor. The fairy queen sits alone on top of the green lumber, making up her new throne chair.
I growl in an array of low animal sounds, without attacking the fairy queen, whispering for my eardrums sonly. “So, this is the explanation for each tall, wild, and smoky forest fires around Yachel’s house and her family’s barn. The other fairies have stolen all the tall shade trees from each family lawn and then chopped up each healthy tree bark for the new banquet room.”
I stomp in my cowgirl boots underneath my ankle-length ugly fairy gown towards one of the patched, dull blue colored tablecloths that seat my two parents and my other fairy friends, scooting down into an empty chair. I slap the patched linen napkin down into my lap.
Persia’s mom continues to sit and chews, swallowing her food item, leaning with a fake smile and a whisper into the cheekbone eon Persia. “You are late.”
I growl down at the plate of food, “Getting pretty.”
She frowns. “You smell also”
I giggle, “New perfume.”
She frowns. “What new perfume?”
I lift and tap the beaten up fork on top of the repaired plate, not eating the prepared and cooked food, surveying the room with a puzzled brow. “Why is the banquet room so full and filled with numerous warm bodies?”
She looks up and smiles at the new banquet room décor and the new bodies. “The banquet room holds all of your fellow fairies. Fairies of Fairyland are attending here inside the banquet room for the food. It is the suppertime meal. Did you hit your head during that nasty flight from the four fairy godmaggots magenta colored wave, honey?”
“Yeah, right, I forgot.” I continue to scan the room. “But, the room seems to be extremely overly overcrowded tonight during the suppertime meal. I see fairy adults, teens, and children here tonight.”
She smiles. “We are celebrating the safe return of the overdue scout team and the fairy queen’s declaration of war, and the upcoming war battle which will occur tomorrow at sunrise. The evening and the suppertime meal is a fairy tradition.”
I whisper for my eardrums only. “Yeah, a new tradition, all the wooden un-fairy criminal homes have been burned down into the dirt.” I continue to scan the room and tap my fork on the plate feeling anxiety and nervousness.
At a different dining table, sixteen years old fairy guy Gable sits in-between his two parents and scans the room, sounding with a giggle and a tongue of mouth spit, not eating his food.
At another different dining table, sixteen years old fairy girl Kuelle sits in-between her two parents, not eating and whispers to each cheekbone on each parent with her worry for her boyfriend Walcott. Her parents continue to eat the food and point down at the full plate of food in front of Kuelle.
Kuelle shakes her curls and waves her arms with a fake smile of worry to each parent.
At another different dining table, sixteen years old fairy guy Molfalso sits in-between his two parents with each cousin on each side of the parent. His two parents take a turn and slap Molfalso on the collar bone, offering a private conservation with a nod and a smile. Then they take a turn eating and chewing the foot.
However, Molfalso watches the food on top of his plate go stale. He doesn’t show either hand for flinging food item or the interior of his mouth for eating one of the food items.
On top of the new elevated wooden platform, the fairy queen sits in the middle of the front table and raises a repaired mug of yellow tinted cold ale to the audience of fairies, saying with a croak into her gem stone on her wicked fairy queen wand. “To the young teens, they found us the four fairy godmaggots.”
Almost each fairy raises a repaired glass mug or tumbler with a loud cheer of delight and the consume the cold ale, dropping the glass with a grin.
At my dining table, I look down and view the golden colored ale, pondering the usage of drinking fermented grapes, before an upcoming battle war at sunrise. I guess, it is another fairy battle tradition. I don’t consume the sweaty mug of cold ale and continue to tap on the pink meat with my beaten up fork. I look up and stare at the elevated platform with puzzlement, “Who are the fairies sitting at the honored table with the fairy queen tonight, Mom?”
Her mom views each eating table and smiles with a nod at the platform. “The honored dead teens and the other honored fairies who come from the battle, four months ago. That is another a fairy tradition.”
I stare at the row of fairies. “Okay. Why didn’t you honor …?”
“Persia, please, eat your hot meal.” She leans over and taps on the repaired plate of food in front of Persia.
I look down with a sour frown and a sour stomach viewing the colorful food. “Who made our dinner plate of food for each fairy, tonight, Mother? This is a lot of food for each fairy here in Fairyland. Food was prepared by the brownies, before they all died. So, who touched and prepared the raw dead food from a dead animal, Mother?”
She chews and swallows the food with a smile. “Some of the fairies chipped in making the prepared meal for the supper of the fairy queen tonight. This is a joyful celebration of your arrival back home to Fairyland, Persia. You should be happy and eating, not sad and frowning, honey.”
I gasp in alarm and turn to see the nose profile of my mother. “Did you…you touched the dead meat from the dead mammal, Mother?”
“No, honey! I didn’t help prepare the plates of food with cooked meat or dead meat, Persia. I was too upset with you missing from here and then you were found back here.” She giggles and then eats the cooked food
I turn and gasp at the eating table on top of the platform. “Where is Nabell’s father? He isn’t sitting at the platform honor table with the fairy queen either.”
“Persia!” She exhales with annoyance and leans with a sour frown and a whisper into the cheekbone on Persia. “Do you possess a single sad emotion, here tonight, at the moment? He has discovered that is only child is dead by the hand of the four fairy godmaggots. And his wife died during the vicious surprise attack from the gang of fairy half-breed criminal here within Fairyland. He is all alone and upset there at his residential house, this evening.”
I tap down my beaten up fork on top of the repaired plate. “Yeah, I know that and more, Mother.”
She frowns. “And please, stop beating your utensil on that repaired plate. If you damage it, then I must repair it later.”
I exhale with annoyance. “Yeah, I might damage it. If I damage it, then I’ll repair it. I know how to do that too from my magical fairy learning at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy.”
On top of the elevated platform, the fairy queen raises her repaired mug of ale again and says with loud croak into each gem stone.  “We found them. Now, we are ready. We will win the Second Fairy War.” Almost each fairy raises their repaired glass and loudly cheers, consuming the beverage, dropping the glass down with a grin of happiness, but Persia.
Britton’s dad sits at the same dining table with Persia and lowers down his repaired mug, saying with a smile to each fairy. “I am so happy with the secret discovery of the four fairy godmaggots and their secret tree house hideaway. But, please, tell us the tale, teens!”
“The fairy tale,” I continue to tap on my plate with my broken fork with my annoyance to my parents, wearing a sour frown, spying the new banquet room and each fairy.
Apella sits at the same dining table with Persia and nods with a smile to each face. “We found the four fairy godmaggots. They wanna start the Second Fairy War, not us, but with us.”
Persia’s mom gasps in shock, “The four fairy godmaggots wanted to start the Second Fairy War first. Well, we have started the war first. Didn’t we start the war first, honey? When we start the war first, we can control the war too. Then we can start the war on any day. Isn’t that correct, honey? Does anyone know the answer to my question?” She views her husband, who continues to eat and then stares at each adult face in silence.
Britton sits in-between his two fairy parents and chuckle with a nod to each face. “And we’re going to end the Second Fairy War, that’s for shore.”
I exhale with annoyance and return back, staring at each face at my table. “First, why is a Second Fairy War happening to us and to them? I don’t understand the battle with a Second Fairy War. Second, why didn’t I know about the fairy war, the four fairy godmothers, the group of half-breeds, the brownies?”
Apella laughs with food inside her mouth. “Naw! You’re a fairy first. But, you still missed the signs, fairy princess Persia.”
“What missed signs, fairy princess Apella? I didn’t miss anything. I saw and heard everything.” I continue to tap my fork on the repaired plate and stare with a sour frown at Apella. 
Britton chews and swallows his food, chuckling with a smile at Persia. “The changeling fairy charm had changed each un-fairy criminal into a fugly, ugly brown colored boggart during our Fourth Class year, Persia.”
Britton’s mom gasps in shock. “So, that was the catalyst that modified a true fairy into an ugly boggart.”
I frown. “Naw! That brown thing on top of …”
“Please, eat your hot food, daughter!” Persia’s mom slaps her daughter on the arm and wears a sour frown.
I frown at Apella. “It was a fairy charm that changed my friend Yachel and the other teen fairies into a temporary ugly boggart, fairy prince Britton and fairy princess Apella.”
Britton’s dad nods with a grin. “A pure fairy cannot be affected by a fairy charm, fairy princess Persia.”
“A human cannot be affected by a fairy charm either.” Apella’s dad eats with a nod.
Apella’s mom nods. “However, a half of a breed, who is half a human and half a fairy, can be affected and then does get affected by a fairy charm, since they are half a fairy and half a human or a half of breed.”
I raise my palms near my frown and hold onto the fork. “Look over here and hear me! Apella left out a fairy tale from her fairy story. The four fairy godmothers inside their hidden tree house said to us, if you kill a life form, then you become a boggart.”
Apella’s mom grins. “Yes, we all know the ugly truth.”
“And you still wanna fight in new Second Fairy War tomorrow morning at sunrise and risk your life to become an ugly boggart too. I don’t understand this or that or her or you or them. I don’t get this Second Fairy War.” I shake my curls and exhale with frustration.
Britton’s father grins, “The four fairy godmothers like to tattle their own version from the infamous fairy tale. If a fairy kills a human, then a fairy becomes an ugly boggart. A boggart, such like our fairy queen, she had killed each pesky human, in the year 1604, when the human’s sailing sea ships had crashed and burned on our tan colored shoreline. She is still the only boggart that lives here within Fairyland. Therefore, each fairy is safe and remains within a strong proud group of pure fairies, who will fight for their right of fairy on tomorrow morning at sunrise. Then at sunset, the Second Fairy War will end with our final fairy victory.”
I look down and whisper to the plate of uneaten food. “If a fairy kills a human…” I look up with a confused brow and view Apella’s mom. “So, there is not a single human here within Fairyland.”
“You are correct, fairy princess Persia. There are only fairies and half-breeds. A half of a breed is half of a fairy. Thus, the later species of humans do not exist here. After the ending of Second Fairy War, the half of a fairy breed will not exist here within Fairyland, only the pure fairies like you and me and Apella.” Apella’s dad eats the food with a nod.
I gasp in alarm and cough out loud with worry, raising my palm with the fork, saying with a worried brow. “Look out here! This is all wrong. We are all wrong here.”
Over the wooden floor, a single teen fairy male moves ahead towards the open archway and reaches out, slapping Persia on her collar bone, saying with a smile and a nod. “Way to go, Persia!” He passes behind her sitting chair and struts towards the open archway to the exterior bathroom.
Fairies gotta do it too!
I spin my stern face and view his pair of forward marching boot heels as he exits the banquet room.
Apella continues to sit and giggles at Persia. “You missed the other sign, fairy princess Persia.”
I turn and frown at Apella. “What other sign, fairy princess Apella?”
Over the wooden floor, an adult fairy male smiles and reaches out, slaps his hand at the collar bone on Persia. “You did it, Persia!” He walks behind Persia and moves back to his chair at the table with a second plate of food.
“Did what? What did I do?” I spin my confused face and view the pair of boot heels on the mysterious fairy male.
“You showed the ugly truth, fairy princess Persia.” Britton’s mom nods with a smile to Persia.
“What ugly truth?” I turn and frown at Britton’s mom.
“Good work, Persia!” An adult fairy female moves behind Persia and reaches out, gently touching the collar bone on the teen and prisses back to her eating table with a plate of dessert.
“You showed us the dark light,” Britton’s dad smiles at Persia.
“What dark light?” I return back and frown at Britton’s dad.
“You showed us the wrong presentation.” Apella sips the ale.
“What wrong presentation, did I show to you, Apella?” I growl at Apella, not liking her person and personality, right now, at the moment.
“You tattled on Yachel.” Britton chews the food.
Apella giggles. “She got the treat.”
“She got the trap.” Britton smiles with food between his teeth.
“What!” I frown with confusion at my fairy friends.
“Why did you help Yachel, Persia?” Britton frowns.
I exhale. “I …I ...”
“You did.” Apella smiles. “Why do you think half-human Yachel and the other half-human teens had been trialed and found to be guilty within the un-fairy court as a gang of un-fairy criminals?”
I gasp in alarm and wait for Apella’s answer.
She giggles. “Last year in Third Class, half-human Yachel presented her oral speech on the fairy tale word, humans. She showed numerous pictures of the colored lights coming inside the human world. How is that possible? How did half-human Yachel do that? Why did half-human Yachel do that?”
I raise my palms with the fork and a smile, slapping both hands with fork on top of the table, laughing out loud. the fork falls down on the floor “Ha! A pair of spyglasses will capture numerous pictures of the colored lights coming inside the human world as you stand inside a watcher station floor in-between each open potholes during a night of twinkling stars and dull moonlight. Geez, ya’ll! I could’ve taken each one of these colored picture through a pair of spyglasses too. I know how to work a pair of spyglasses and know the location of the human world when I stand on top of the floor of any watcher station. All fairy children know the location of the human world from fairy school. And the human world is only a set of colored faint lights inside a digital picture, fairy princess Apella.”
Apella grins. “But, you didn’t do it, fairy princess Persia. You didn’t have the fairy tale word, humans. Yachel did. And Yachel took each one of the colorful picture from the human world for one reason.”
I frown. “What one reason, Apella?”
Britton nods, “For her tease and our challenge, Persia.”
I frown. “What tease?”
Britton says. “Yachel described in great detail each colored light and the significant of the light within the human world.”
I grin with a nod. “She did,” Then I gasp and fake a smile. “She did not. She must’ve fibbed during class time making it up, for fun, on Ibbie. I like to have fun with Ibbie, too.”
Apella nods. “However, Yachel is very correct. Because, Yachel is a part human creature like her part human parent knowing all about the different colored lights and the precise definition of c …car …b …bar …tar …”
I gasp. “I …I …”
“It all worked out there. You had presented Yachel as the fairy villain and you are my heroine, fairy princess Persia.” Britton winks with a nod to Persia.
“What worked out? I am not a hero here or there or every.” I frown.
“You showed each true fairy that Yachel was a truly, ugly human creature.” Britton smiles.
“I didn’t do that. I didn’t know.” I gasp in shock.
“Yeah, you did. You partnered with Yachel during our Fairy Lore class in Third Class and spied on her private personal confidential research work from the human world. Then you helped Yachel give the oral presentation with humans. Yachel was truly a lazy fairy girl. She would’ve never given her oral report in front of Mentor Ibbie, if not for you, fairy princess Persia.” Apella laughs.
“You’re so modesty, honey.” Persia’s mom reaches out with a smile and pats on Persia’s arm, pulling back, eating the food.
“You are a true hero, Persia!” Another adult fairy male slowly moves behind Persia and reaches out, gently touching her collar bone, strolling back his table.
I gasp in alarm and clutch my throat, holding the sob of defeat. I slowly stand upright from the repaired chair and toss the patched napkin down into my plate of uneaten food, scooting back from the table. Each child, teenager, young, mature, and senior adult fairy continue to eat, drink and laugh about the upcoming Second Fairy War with the four most powerful fairy godmothers of all at tomorrow morning’s sunrise.
Persia’s mom looks up and smiles at her daughter. “Where are you going, Persia?”
I stare ahead at the new green limber on the side wall without a viewing window. “I’m tired from eating. I need some rest, before the war thing.”
She reaches out and pats Persia’s hand, saying with a nod and a smile. “You, go on to bed and enjoy your sleep, honey. This fairy celebration is breaking up, very soon. Each fairy warrior needs our beauty rest, too, tonight.”
I frown. “Yeah, the war is coming.” I swing around and face the archway, holding my sour breath. If I don’t breathe, then I want start to cry.
I slowly stroll ahead and whisper for my eardrums only. “I had exposed my bestest friend and dearest neighbor Yachel and the rest of the other half-breed teens and their fairy half-breed families to a death kill tomorrow morning at sunrise.”
At 11:00 p.m., I exit the banquet room alone and slowly move over new wooden lumber floor, wiping off each rolling tear of sadness, stumbling down into each pothole inside the lighted hallway. I slowly drag my fairy gown hemline without my destroyed fairy cape and whisper for my eardrums only. “Why are there not any more boggarts like the fairy queen here, present at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy? If you kill a life form, then you become a boggart, the fairy godmothers told that fact. Each servant brownie had handled the raw dead meat from the dead animal. Then each servant brownie had killed each live animal, not a pure fairy, always. I don’t know. My reader-chair is dead also. My gem stone is dead too.
“Why? Why? Why is each fairy device of communication dead here inside the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy? The fairy queen wants it so. Why does she want it so bad?”
I slap my dress and wear a worry of whisper. “The stupid upcoming Second Fairy War, of course, farting tart Persia.”
I turn from the hallway and slowly scoot around each nasty pothole on top of each staircase step without a flying surfer or a marching fairy. I am alone and whisper. “A fairy could turn into a boggart. The queen is a boggart. Why is she a boggart? She had killed each innocent human from the wrecked sea ship in the year 1604. Okay. If I kill a human, I turn into a boggart. Right? Right! No human lives here within Fairyland, only a fairy. My bestest friend Yachel is a half a fairy and half a human, thou. My logic is right or wrong or don’t know. If I kill a half a human, what happens to me then? I become a boggart, a she-ghost, a half a human also.”
I sob with my sad tears of fear and doubt, wiping off my wet face, stumbling over my dormitory hallway and stop, standing in front of my door-less room.
The wooden broken door rests down on the floor.
At 11:15 p.m., I move into my private bedroom and stop, standing inside the open archway while loudly crying and sobbing with my sadness and grief.
I enter into my room with a sad face and a whisper for my eardrums only. “If I kill a human, then I become a boggart per Apella’s mom. But if I kill a life form, any life form, then I become a half a fairy or a squirrel or a cow or a boggart. Yeah, right! So, prove it! Do it!” 
I advance to the broken window and open the busted glass, whistling with my singing voice for a nature bird. I squat down and gather a handful of stale food crumbs from my friend Yachel that had not been picked up by one of the dead servant brownies four months ago and slowly stand upright on floor.
I drop down each stale food crumb over the window seal. A single red colored bird lands on top of the window seal, reaching down, pecking up and swallows each stale, dry food crumb.
“Yeah, good bird!” I swing around with a stern face and march ahead toward an empty on the opposite side wall in-between the reader-chair and the door-less archway, spinning around. The bird continues to eat the stale food crumbs. I lift up and aim my palm shell with the embedded gem stone at the occupied bird.
I exhale with bravery and stare at the innocent bird, “Okay! Fire and kill the bird. The life form will die and end its life. Do it! Prove it! You won’t turn into a boggart like the fairy queen.”
I point my gem stone at the innocent bird and then lower my arm, shaking my curls. Then I lift up my arm and aim my gem stone at the eating bird again with a sissy whine. I exhale with a puff of fear. “I can’t kill an innocent bird that hasn’t harmed me. I’m not a mean fairy. I’m a good fairy. I can’t. I can’t prove it. I can’t do it. I’m a coward, a fart, a tart. I’m scared. I don’t wanna become an fugly, ugly brown colored smelly boggart or a she-ghost or a human or half a fairy. I wanna be a whole, true, pure fairy with my fairy boyfriend Britton and have some baby fairies here within my homeland of Fairyland.”
I slide down the smooth white tinted wall and loudly sobs with my sad tears, whispering at my two boot toes. “Is it true or false? Do you become a boggart or not? I don’t know.”
I snap my fingers with a grin. “Wait, fairy girl! I do know. I know this. All of my fellow fairy families from my Second Class. They haven’t changed their physical fairy appearance one bit. My Second Class hairy, fairy mate Molfalso had killed each live and breathing farm horses, which were lots of breathing life forms. He didn’t change into a fugly, ugly brown tinted, smelly boggart either during the fairy journey to find the four fairy godmothers and their hidden tree house. But, Eadric had been sucked down the fairy ring. And Nabell had been eaten to death by the gang of sick fairy children within the Garden of Stones.
“For what? What for? Who is going to die next? Me!” I sob with my sad tears and place my face into my two palms, feeling sadness and death. And then, I hear the rustling of gowns and the taps of sandals as the other teens shuffle through the dormitory hallway into a private room from the fairy queen dinner event.
I don’t know where my parents are and I don’t care. I only care about thinking of something to save my bestest friend and dearest neighbor Yachel and the rest of the other un-fairy criminals from the evil fairy queen.
The gem stone on Persia flashes in bright red and blue hue and then speaks with a tiny voice from her biological mother, “Persia, we are very busy down here planning the great details with the upcoming Second Fairy War with the fairy queen inside the banquet room. Please, do not wait up for me and your dad. Please, go to sleep and rest up for the Fairy War tomorrow morning at sunrise. We love you! Good night, honey!”
I lift my palm gem stone to my lips and whisper into the glittering mineral. “Okay.” My gem stone turns into black hue as the communication is disconnected from my mother.
Lady Elizabeth appears and drifts from the side wall in glowing white transparence, turning to view the door-less frame with a giggle. She flies out the door and laughs with her fun. She spins around and flies back through the open archway, creating a small wind storm of dust bunnies with a giggle and then halts, floating side to side in front of Persia. She smiles. “Your private bedroom door is missing, fairy Persia. Did you know that fact? Why are sitting down on the dirty floor, fairy Persia? There is a sitting loveseat with ratty and tore brown tinted fabric. What is wrong, fairy Persia?”
I continue to lean against the wall and sit down on the dirty floor, sobbing down into my hands, saying with a sad face. “I, me, alone, did it. I personally have exposed each one of the half-breeds, who are really half a human, including my bestest friend and dearest neighbor Yachel.”
“We know.” The she-ghost floats side to side in front of Persia and nods with her glowing smile of white teeth.
“We know!” I inhale a fresh breath from the sobbing and look up with a sour frown, viewing her white grin.
She smiles with a nod. “They are different from you, fairy Persia.”
I catch my sob and frown, “They are different from me. How are they different from me? I don’t understand.”
She nods. “They are nice and tender and caring and …”
“…are going to die, all of them,” I slowly stand upright from the floor and sobs with their future deaths, feeling sad and confused and afraid, staring at the she-ghost.
“No.” She smiles.
“Yes.” I flex my two palms into a pair of fighting fists with angry and worry at the silly she-ghost, that only floats around the school day and night without a fairy care.
“No.” She smiles.
I sneer. “Yes. How is it that they, who are different from me, are not going to die coming from your thoughts or whatever, Lady Elizabeth?”
“They are not you.”
“Yeah, we just debated that fact. I am not a half of a human and half of a fairy. So, why are they not going to die per you?”
“They are a human.”
I gasp with a smile and a nod. “Can you help each one of the humans?”
“No.”
“Can you save each one of the humans?”
“No.”
“Can you do something for each one of the humans?”
The she-ghost frowns. “You own me, fairy Persia. You had promised to help me, after I had assisted you with the creation of that cute pixie doll which had been two academic years ago, during your Fourth Class, here at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy.”
I wipe my sad tears of worry and nod with a whisper to the she-ghost. “Yes, I promised to help you. Yes, I will help you. What do you want me to do to help you, she-ghost?”
“Follow me.” The she-ghost flies backwards and disappears back into the side wall.
I spin around with a sour frown and exit through the doorless frame, standing inside the empty hallway, wearing a sad face. I had forgotten my vocal promise to Lady Elizabeth two years ago. But I still feel sad and worry about the upcoming Second Fairy War with the four powerful fairy godmothers, my bestest friend Yachel, and the rest of the group of half-breeds.
92nd day Fairy Academy


12:01 a.m.
5th level floor
Hallway setting
Outside cold temperatures with bright stars


Lady Elizabeth floats away from the wall panel and flutters in the light winds within the dormitory hallway, nodding to Persia, in silence. She spins around in the air and floats ahead down the empty hallway.
I rub my gem stone over my boots and my socks making a series of quieter footsteps, following behind the she-ghost, wearing my set of sweaty and smelly naked ankle bone and toe bones.
The other teen fairies are soundly and peacefully slumbering, after all the eating, drinking, and dreaming with their upcoming fairy victory against the four fairy godmothers, tomorrow, at sunrise while inside their warm patched and dull bedspread.
Each adult fairy is working the details, planning out the upcoming Second Fairy War inside the banquet room.
I continue to follow the she-ghost down the staircase, land down on top of the well-lighted common hallway and stop, searching for any wandering fairy adults.
Clear!
I crouch down at my kneecaps and dash ahead both scared and alone at midnight over the newly constructed floor. Each glowing portrait of the ugly fairy queen is well-lighted also from a mystery source, beaming an array of tiny colorful rays down over the floor like a creepy horror show.
The she-ghost swiftly floats down the same hallway in the direction of the auditorium and passing the music room, moving in the opposite direction from the banquet room. She halts and hovers in front of the infamous side closet, yeah, that one. 
The side closet leads upwards into the famous watcher station, where each sofa contains a set of ratty blankets and a silly torn flag for each kissing, hugging, and other creative interaction between two teens.
I stop with a giggle and slap both hands over my loud echoing sound, standing beside the floating she-ghost in front of the closed door. I drop my hands over my mouth and turn with a wink to see her nose profile. “Are you interested in a having a good time tonight with your he-ghost friend, Lady Elizabeth?”
The she-ghost ignores the silly fairy girl and drifts through the closed door.
Then the closet door opens.
At 12:07 a.m in the early morning with stars, not sunlight, I smell the fresh green lumber planks and enter the small enclosed room.
The door closes shut.
Lady Elizabeth slowly moves ahead and hovers within a row with the two other he-ghosts, Captain Robert and Sailor John. The trio of ghosts floats in the air inside the wall corner, below the staircase, in silence, staring at fairy Persia.
I stop a few feet into the room and raise both palms near my sour frown while whispering without getting into trouble from the fairy queen and her spies. “Okay. I’m in here now. What am I doing in here now? What am I seeing in here now? This is the size of wardrobe closet or smaller with a tall staircase without viewing windows.” I look up and smile at the staircase of new green tinted lumber, smelling the pine scent inside my two nose holes. “Do we want to go up there? We are going up the staircase and inside the watcher station.”
Lady Elizabeth shakes her curls and jabs a ghostly finger down at the floor. “We are going downstairs and into a new room.”
I stomp each new wooden plank in a completely circle without sound coming from my bare feet, studying the floor, narrowing my eyelashes and then gasp. I halt and squat down, touching an outline of new green lumber with all of my fingers. 
The new wood covers a perfect square over part of the new flooring.
“This is so odd. Nothing at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy has new lumber. And nothing at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy is so perfectly shaped either. Nothing! I remembered the rotten wood on the staircase had been replaced during my Fourth Class in here. So, what’s down there to see or feel or taste or hear?”
“This is a room which is located down here.” The she-ghost says.
Captain Robert points down at the new lumber with a stern face and a serious tone. “Can you break through the new lumber wooden planks and then travel down to the next level, fairy Persia? We cannot aid you as we do not need a manual working tool to go through any solid floor or wall here inside the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy.” The trio of ghosts slowly drift down through the new lumber floor and disappear from the closet floor and Persia in silence.
Inside the closet room, I slowly stand alone and wear a sour frown while participating within their silly ghostly game.  I continue to stare down at the new lumber floor and lift my palm near my nose, aiming my gem stone down at the floor. I slowly release out my magenta fairy finger and illuminate the small room space, gasping in shock.
The four edges had already been burnt into a perfect square like it had been concealed or closed from a pair of viewing fairy eyeballs, like Persia.
I look up with a puzzled brow and study the tall staircase, sniffing the air while inhaling the good smelling pine scent coming from the new set of stairs. I whisper of fury. “The staff of fairy mentors did this under the direction of the fairy queen. I know. I feel it. They both are hiding something here inside the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy too. I know too. I feel it too. Why kill tons of healthy shade trees to cover an old rotten staircase? When each teenage fairy can soar up the dangerous staircase on top of their fairy wave, for fun, and fly up towards the floor on the watcher station, making each one of the broken floor planks, for more fairy fun and with lots fairy practice?”
I gasp in alarm. “And there was a new set of climbing steps leading up towards the ancient rooftop to reach each cubby hole, for more fairy fun, which leads a silly teen fairy away from this ancient rotten floor with more extreme fairy deception. This feels like, to me, that each fairy mentor is truly hiding something else down here. Why? Why? Why? Why are they doing this to me and the other teens? I don’t know. But I am going to find out and then I am going to tattle to my parents.”
I growl with annoyance and drop my arm towards the floor, slowly burning my tiny fairy finger wave, outlining the same dull burnt and blacken edges on the perfect hidden square design. The new lumber pieces swiftly drop down from the floor and land on top of a solid floor, which is located below the closet floor and fairy Persia, creating a new square opening.
I slowly kneel down and view darkness, whispering with puzzlement. “What is that place down there?”
Lady Elizabeth glows in white translucent hue and floats in front of a dark wall, looking up and views Persia. “This place is called a junk room.”
I climb down into the new hole with a soft whisper. “Yachel told me the name of this spot. I didn’t know that it really existed.” I land down on the floor with a soft thump and slap my naked feet over the new lumber floor with a gasp. “There is another new and green tinted lumber floor down here, too, which has replaced an old rotten floor, but not each smelly ancient wooden wall. Each wall is dark and filled rotten wooden planks and holes without a light fixture too. Where are we?”
“This is the half-level surface which is directly above the dirt basement.” Sailor John wears a stern face and glows in white hue, floating in the air in front of a dark wall, standing beside Lady Elizabeth.
I turn and scan an enclosed semi-dark room with a square shaped design. Each ghost floats in front of the forward dark wall.
I gasp with a whisper. “There are tons of junk down here. I see broken stuff, such like, tables, chairs, lumber pieces, dishes, linens, mugs, steering wheels, cloth flags. Why is a set of cloth flags down here?” I gasp in alarm. “This is place where Britton and the other male fairies got an individual ratty flag to personalize their individual cubby hole. Britton and the other males found and then robbed some of the contents down here inside the junk room. So, the evil gang of fairy mentors had sealed it back up from the nosy group of fairy teens. And then Yachel and the changeling fairies also found and robbed stuff from the same junk room too, during our shared Second Class. So, the group of fairy mentors permanently sealed the junk room up from all the wandering pair of fairy eyeballs and a pair of smart neurons.”
Sailor John continues to hover in the air and nods with a stern face to Persia. “Yes. Each torn and ripped colorful silk flag that flies over a cubby hole on the rooftop of the watcher station had been stored down in here. Each flag had come from a sailing sea ship that had wrecked along the tan colored shoreline here within Fairyland.”
Lady Elizabeth nods with a stern face to Persia. “But, this is not the entire collection. Please, come and examine the forward wall, fairy Persia.” 
The trio of ghosts slowly float sideways and away from the forward wall, in silence, sliding in front of the side wall while staring at Persia.
I narrow the eyelashes at the forward wall without a ghost and with a confused brow. “There is not a line of junk items in front of the forward wall.” I slowly move ahead for closer view with a puzzled brow. “It…it is an entire ceiling-to-floor forward wall of smelly rotten and old faded wooden cabinets. What is inside each one of the wooden cabinet?” I stop with a gasp and stand in front of each row of rotten smelly wooden cabinets. “I must go through and examine each cabinet to help ya’ll. This is going to take hours, days, months, and maybe years. I can’t get caught down here by one of the fairy mentors or my mom or dad. Or I’ll get into major trouble with the fairy adults, ya’ll. I’m only a teen fairy, not a mighty fairy.”
The trio of ghosts floats away from the side wall and then stops, surrounding Persia while staring at the wall with three rotten, smelly wooden cabinets.
Captain Robert points with a stern face down a row of bottom cabinets. “What do you see along the row of bottom cabinets?”
I dart the eyelashes down and as I gasp in alarm, “I see a set of new and green tinted lumber wooden doors. There are three wooden cabinets on the bottom row on the same smelly old wall. I see an old rusty metal lock too. There is a rusty looking metal lock that covers each one of the newly green tinted wooden handles which locks out someone like me. That lock is made from metal, ya’ll. Metal comes from steel. Steel come from iron ore. I can’t touch iron.”
Sailor John turns with a stern face and points to one of the side walls that contains a line of numerous items of junk. “You can use another earth mineral like an earth rock or another man-made object, fairy Persia. You can pound off the deadly metal lock from one of the wooden doors with your new hand weapon.”
“O! I guess I can do that. Yeah! Okay!” I swing around and face one of the side walls, lifting up my palm shell, shooting out my tiny fairy finger magenta wave at one of the larger earth rocks. I retract back my fairy wave towards my gem stone holding an earth rock which is wrapped inside my tiny fairy finger. 
I slowly swing around and face the wall of wooden cabinets, slamming the earth rock on the tip of my fairy finger into one of the rusty metal locks. The rusty metal lock shakes side to side.
I exhale with worry and shiver in pain, dropping the rock down from my fairy finger with a loud thump on the floor. I wrap both of my arms and the fairy wave around a shaky body, saying with a worried brow. “I feel pain.”
Captain Robert stares at the row of new cabinets with a stern face. “Your pain comes from the small amount of mineral iron ore within the earth rock that reacts with the lock metal and your body chemistry. Keep going, fairy Persia! You must obtain access into each bottom cabinet, immediately.”
I rub both of my aching arms and then un-wrap from my warm fairy wave with a sigh, swinging to face the same side wall, seeing numerous earth rocks. I shoot out and form a fairy cupped hand, reaching out, gathering all the loose rocks into the fairy palm. I swing around and face the wall of cabinets, flinging all the rocks with my fairy wave at each metal lock, at the same time, with all of my fairy strength.
Each metal lock wiggles side to side and then slow slides off, dropping down from each wooden handle. One at a time, each lock drops down and lands down over the new lumber floor with a soft thud.
Each wall cabinet door slowly parts down the middle and then swings open due to the violent impact from the fairy ray on Persia. And then each cabinet door bangs against each other with a loud boom.
My bones jump from the frightening sound and as I gasp in alarm. I slowly squat down on the new floor and whisper, without touching each presented object, “I see skeleton bones.”
“Us! Each set of displayed skeleton bones belongs to each one of our formal human bodies.” Captain Robert exhales with sadness at the three set of vanilla colored skeleton bones.
“I see an individual set of skeleton bones inside each cabinet. Why are you in here?” I study each set of bones. “The closet was made from the new green wood which was guarded by a metal lock that was made of rusty iron. Why are each one of you here inside the junk room?”
Lady Elizabeth stares with a sad face at her skeleton bones. “The fairy queen placed us in here. We are trapped here within the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy. Our set of skeleton bones is located here along with our torn human body clothes and shoes and dried blood.”
I stare down at the dull bones and view peeks of red color using my pair fairy eyeballs, swallowing the bitter bile back down my dry throat. I understand that the red color is their personal blood proteins coming from their cold-blooded murder by the fairy queen.
I whisper and stare with a stern face at each set of skeleton bones. “I promised that I would get you freed from here. Okay! Do you know how to do it? What do I need to do?” I continue to study all the skeletons while feeling both angry and sad.
“You must burn the school down.” Captain Robert continues to stare with a stern face at his set of skeleton bones.
“What school?” I continue to stare at the skeleton bones.
Captain Robert exhales with worry. “The Prince and Princess Fairy Academy is composed from human worldly possessions that belong and come from every sailing vessel that had shipwrecked along the beach shoreline of the island, which is known as Fairyland, such as, the exterior and the interior wooden planks, all the scratched wooden tables, all the broken and scratched wooden chairs, all the broken and repaired dishes, all the patched and abused bed linens, all the used and abused pots, all the repaired and chipped glass goblets, all the chipped and repaired tea cups, all the broken and missing prongs of each utensil, all the wooden steering wheels, all the colorful flags …”
“What about the flags?” I continue to stare at each set of skeleton bones.
Captain Robert nods. “Each colored flag is torn, stained, and flutters over each cubby hole above the watcher station. This is a form of a physical identification from a specific ocean sailing ship. However, all the ships wrecked and landed here within Fairyland. You must burn the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy down into the ground.”
I gasp in alarm and face Captain Robert, saying with a worried brow. “I must burn down my fairy school. I cannot burn down my fairy school. This is my fairy school. This is my fairy land. This is my other fairy home.”
“This is not our home. This is not our land. This is not our destiny.” Lady Elizabeth nods to Persia.
I slowly stand upright from the floor and say with a stern face and a serious tone to each ghost. “You’re right. This is not your home. There must be another method here. I can try and bury each one of your skeleton bones like a flowered fairy mound within the soil of Fairyland. I…I can touch human bones, I guess. I really don’t wanna touch your human dead bones, not really…”
“I have explained before to you, fairy Persia.” Captain Robert exhales with frustration. “The soil here within Fairyland changed each human. When we landed here on the shoreline, each human form was morphed or transformed or changed into a human-type changeling, too, like your friend half-breed Yachel. Our physical bones must leave this island forever. Or we are stuck here drifting through the solid smelly walls within the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy foreverly.”
I swing with a gasp and view the three sets of skeleton bones. “Well, okay! That doesn’t leave me much in the way of swift thinking options here. Each one of your spirits is connected to the school and the school is connected to each ship. And each ship had belonged to the group of humans, not the gang of fairies. Fairies steal stuff, not create stuff. Okay! There is a lot wrong here within Fairyland. And I, as a fairy, had promised to fix your haunting thingy. Okay! This is the first place I will start.”
I lift up and aim my palm shell with a stern face, guiding over the new wooden planks, seeking the best spot to light a burning hot fire. I release out my magenta tinted fairy firing ray, burning a tall pile of dry red sawdust inside the wall corner. 
The true fire blaze ignites immediately within an array of pretty red and blue tinted flames. White tinted smoke swiftly pours up from the red sawdust.
The trio of ghosts swiftly float up and drift into the ceiling, which is really the rooftop on the junk room.
I gasp with fear and quickly back step from the burning fire, the set of scary skeleton bones, and the burning forward wall, spinning around, racing over each burning plank. I skip over the newly created big hole coming from the flinging hot fiery ashes.
My second bare foot misses the rough landing on top of the wooden planks, of course.
I fall through the smoking new hole opening and break off three nicely painted fingernails while burning two finger pads, biting my tongue in pain. I hang onto the heated wood by two sweaty armpits and wiggle my body upright in the air with my fairy strength.
I fly up from the burning junk room floor and jump through my homemade hole, landing in a crouched pose on top of the non-burning wood inside the closet room with my ten bloody fingers. I reach out and grab the edge pulling my body through with the fluttering streams of white smoke coming from a growing fireball of heated flames down inside the junk room.
I cough out loud and then slowly stand upright on top of the closet floor, inhaling the fresh air from the watcher station and then cough out loud again. I cover the mouth and turn to face the closed door.
The closet door opens with more oxygen molecules. Oxygen eats a fire and flames eating the wood.
I quickly dash through the open door and race down the familiar well-lighted common hallway, running toward the doorless archway in front of the school which is an un-charmed set of front doors in silence.
At 12:28 a.m., I shoot out the magenta tinted fairy wave across the empty hallway, jumping up, landing face first down on top of my flying transport. I whisper with worry. “Getteherro boots and socks.”
I had learned, too slowly, during the fairy journey with my fairy enemy Apella that this particular fairy charm worked on any of your personal possessions anywhere, anytime, and anyhow, when you needed your personal possessions for something like an emergency.
My pair of dirty and unpolished boots and my set of dirty socks appear in front of my tiara resting on top of the stable and slow moving flat shaped magenta fairy wave. I exhale the captured smoke out from each healthy lung coughing out the muck and then inhale a set of fresh air, sucking in the fresh wind through both of my nose holes.
The tightly enclosed junk room had flooded too fast with a set of burning smoke coming from the swift fire.
“Wood fire! Escape from the school building. Wood fire! Get the children out! Get the teens out! Everyone, get out of school building right now!” Mentor Daffodil screams into her gem stone for each pair of fairy eardrums.
On top of my surfing wave, I exhale with relief that the vocal alarm has been sounded by the wise and alert fairy mentors.
Each fairy will safely escape out from the burning building with care. The ancient fairy school is very large probably taking hours plus some days to completely burn down into the ground while consuming all the rotten wooden and the green tinted planks. No force, on the planet, can stop the blasting inferno now. The old school is too old of a true fire hazard.
In the air waves, my flattened fairy wave swiftly rolls through the doorless archway in silence and swiftly flies ahead towards the farthest watcher station near the shoreline out of the way from the fleeing and frighten gang of fairies.
I don’t want to be seen or questioned or associated with the burning crime inside the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy.
At 12:30 a.m. among the cold temperatures with bright stars and glowing moonlight, the tip of my fairy wave hits one of the wooden leg on the watcher station. I lower my wave down and slowly rotate the wave around the stationary watcher tower, buzzing over the nightly flood waters coming from the shoreline ocean. I rest on top of my heated ray like an ocean surfboard while hearing the loud voice coming through my gem stone, without seeing the swift action at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy, closing my eyelashes to the bright stars also.


12:31 a.m.
Fairy Academy location


Head Mistress Daffodil runs through the open front door at the school and extends her palm shell, releasing out her brightly colored yellow tinted fairy wave, landing on top of the wave. She swiftly surfs away from the burning building along with numerous set of other screaming and escaping fairies. She screams with an angry face into the gem stone. “We are under attack by the nasty and vile gang of half-breeds. Save the coaches! Get to your coaches! Stand over the coaches! Break the glass windows of each coach! Load down inside the coaches! Fly! Fly away from the Fairy Academy right now! Get inside your coaches right now! Go! Go! Go to the fairy fort for safety, security, and protection! The vile and nasty gang of half-breeds is attacking the fairy school and all the fairy, right now, tonight during the flood waters …”


12:33 a.m.
Watcher tower setting


My magenta colored fairy wave slowly sloshes above the flood waters like a surfboard out of the way from the frightened and panicking fairy families at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy.
Yesterday, the fairy queen had ordered each fairy family to stay inside the fairy school for some odd reason.
Now, no one will be staying there at the fairy school, because it is swiftly burning down each waving flag from the rooftop towards each rotten pothole on top of front porch.
I slowly spin around each rotten wooden leg on the stationary watcher tower traveling in a slow pace. I flip onto my back spine. My pair of acute fairy eyeballs can see the beautiful burning building and the flying flares from each fairy wave that contain one or two fairies.
I sit upright and straddle the two edges while feeling the heat from the wave through my pair of faded and ripped blue jeans.
I don’t care.
And I feel the cool salty water on my naked toes. 
I don’t care either.
Back then, the fairy queen had done this awful thing to the three ghosts, centuries ago.
So, I’m fixing it while watching the action from my teenly decision. The plume of fire is pretty and tall, engulfing the tall school building in flames of yellows, reds, blues, pinks, oranges, silver, and golds.
At the school building fairy mentor Ibbie screams into her gem stone. “Every fairy is out of the building. I’m flying over the watcher station checking for any dead fairies, Daffodil.”
At the watcher station, I stare at both naked hands in front of my distorted face and whisper the horror. “If a fairy kills a life form, then a fairy becomes a boggart.” I twist both of my hands up and down, side to side, studying my skin color of pale into a brown color.
However, I do not see any change.
I slump forward and whisper with relief, using my gem stone, cutting off the dirty fairy gown from my sweaty body, exposing my dirty tee shirt and pair of ripped blue jeans. I frown. “I did not kill a fairy. Did I kill another life form like a squirrel or a rabbit then? I started the fire. Naw! The flood waters come every night and then kill off every bug, bird, and tree bark over the land, the sky, and the air, since the beginning of time.” I giggle. “I can’t be held for that burning crime.” 
“Persia, where are you?” Her mom shouts into her gem stone.
I lift the palm shell near my sour frown and tap on to the stone, saying to my mom. “I’m fine, Mother. I’m away from the burning building. I’m scared and flying in the direction of the watcher station, Mother. I’m coming back now, Mother.” I look up with a gasp, slowly raise my fairy wave from the water, and then stop, hovering in front of the rooftop on the stationary watcher station, staring with a puzzled brow at the object.
Persia’s mom screams into her gem stone. “Hurry up and come back here to the burning school, Persia! We are all escaping from the fireball, too.”
Above the rooftop on the ancient watcher station, Lady Elizabeth glows in vivid colors, not transparent white hue. She wears a dark blue ankle-length dress with a white ruffled collar, a pair of white tinted hand gloves, and a pair of dark blue colored ankle boots. She has a head of long black colored hair, a pair of blue eyes, a tone of pale tinted skin, smiling down at Persia.
I stand upright on top of my fairy wave and dash ahead over the sizzling beam, skipping over each rotten pothole on the rooftop, stopping with a smile in front of her. “Lady Elizabeth, why are you up here on the rooftop with me at the watcher station?”
She thumbs back over a collar bone with a smile. “I… we all wanted to say a final thank you, Persia. You have released me and my fiancé and my father from the confines of the wooden building, which was called the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy. The wooden planks came from our sailing ship trapping us within the sawdust bunnies after our violent murder encounter by the fairy queen. We are freed and flowing now.”
I look up and smile at Captain Robert.
Captain Robert is presented in full human form and vivid colors too. He has a head of black colored shoulder length hair, a full facial beard, a tone of dark tinted skin, a pair of blue eyes, wearing a long blue jacket coat, a pair of tan colored pants, and a pair of black thigh boots.
I whisper with a puzzled brow, “Father! Fiancé!”
Sailor John is a young adult male with a head of blonde shoulder length hair, a lip with a red mustache, a tone of dark tinted skin, a pair of green eyes, wearing a short jacket. His tan colored pants are tucked down into a pair of black thigh boots also.
As a ghost, a fairy only could not see the details within their faces or their clothing.
I smile with a giggle and a nod to Captain Robert and Sailor John and return back with a grin to see Lady Elizabeth. “You look like a teenager.”
She giggles with a smile. “I am a teenager, sixteen years old, too, like you, Persia. We are the same age in some type of warped time dimension, I guess. A lady married young in my days. I was sailing with my father on his ship to a group of unknown islands, mostly for a fun sea adventure, when our sea ship hit the hidden sandbars around Fairyland. And the rest is history as they say.”
I nod with a grin, “Yeah! It is all past history now. I’m glad you’re freed from…” I turn and view the burning inferno and then return back to her with my smile. “I’m glad I could do something.”
She smiles. “You did a great deal, Persia. And we’re very grateful. Well, I guess we need to go to you know,” she points up into the stars with a nod.
I look up and smile at the bright stars and then back down to see Lady Elizabeth. “Yeah! Good luck on your final voyage.”
She smiles. “We will.” She reaches out and hugs Persia, pulling back, back stepping with a nod and a smile from the fairy.
I gasp with shock. “How did you do that give me a hug? You are like a solid being with a pair of solid arms and legs. I felt your heart beating and sweet mint breathe on my cheekbone.”
Lady Elizabeth smiles, “Yes! You are correct, Persia. I can do that, because you are a fairy, who is also made from supernatural matter, sorta, like me, now. However, I am standing as a solid being for a few seconds only. And my few second are up right now.”
I grin. “Why are you calling me, Persia, too? You always said, fairy Persia.”
She turns and views her father and then returns back with a stern face to Persia. “We are more alike than you know. Things are about to change, Persia. I am forbidden to assist, since I’m going up there to my final resting place. Persia, do not kill anyone, please!”
I gasp with shock and wave my arms in the air, sliding to the left on top of the slick and wet wooden planks, shifting to the right with a worried yell. “Why? Why would you say that to me, Lady Elizabeth, Captain Robert? What’s going to happen here in Fairyland? How do you know? What do you know?”
Lady Elizabeth back steps further away from Persia and then her body slowly lifts up from the rooftop surface and hovers in the air. She nods with a smile. “Good bye, Persia!”
I wave both arms in the air with a puzzled brow. “No! Don’t leave from here! Please, tell me about Fairyland!”
Lady Elizabeth morphs from a colorful teenage girl with a set of clothes into a round bubble-like sphere of white-yellow light in silence.
I swing to face each human male.
Captain Robert and Sailor John both morph from a human male with clothes into an individual white-yellowish round bubble-like sphere also. Then the three bubble spheres gently bump and collide, slowly rising up into the stars, disappearing within the darkness of outer space.
I look up with a sour frown to see only the bright twinkling stars. “Why did she say that to me? What does it mean?”
“Persia!” Her mom shouts into her gem stone. “Are you alright? I saw a bright light of fire flaring and flaming around one of the watcher stations. Some of the watcher stations have caught fire burning with a set of terrible flames. You said that you’re located at one of the watcher stations near the water for safety. Has the school fire spread to one the shoreline watcher stations too? Are you harmed, Persia?”
On top of the rooftop at the same watcher station, I continue to stare at the bright stars without seeing the three bubble spheres anymore and lift up the gem stone into the lips and whisper, “Fine! I’m fine over here at the watcher station.”
Her mom screams into her gem stone. “Come back to the burning school immediately, Persia! We are all loading into an individual coach for transporting towards the fairy fort for both protection and safety. The fairy queen is leading the coach caravan through the air wave, in case, some of the vile and nasty gang of half-breeds decides to attack us, again, tonight.”
I spin around and dash back to my floating fairy wave, stomping over the shimmery colors of blue and reds, whispering into my gem stone, “I am coming back, Mother.” I lift up my glowing magenta fairy wave from the rooftop on the stationary watcher station and swiftly soar above the flood waters.
The night is both dark and cold.
I don’t bother looking down at the flood water but stare at the burning building school while pondering a set of swift footed events and then halt in the air waves.
At 12:38 a.m. at the Fairy Academy location, Persia’s mom stands and straddles over the broken glass from the rooftop on the family coach, scanning the dark sky for her daughter using her fairy eyeballs. She speaks into her gem stone. “Getteherro blankets, pillow, linens.” Each sleeping item appears in-between her arms catching each flying items with her apricot fairy hand wave.
She drops down each sleeping item through the broken rooftop and scans the darkness again, raising both of her arms, sliding down into the front passenger seat. She turns with a stern face and shakes the curls with frustration and worry. “I don’t see our daughter Persia. I called her on the gem stone. She was located at one of the watcher stations near the shoreline. Why would she be located over there? I got my blanket and my sleeping accoutrements. I wonder if Persia thought to get her blankets and her bed linens also.” She returns back and views the rear bench inside the coach, seeing numerous pieces of patched, worn, and dull colored blankets, linens, and pillows.
Persia’ dad slowly steers the coach and rubs his wrist watch shell with the embedded light brown gem stone, saying with a sour frown. “We share. We got plenty of blankets. I got my stuff also. I don’t know if there’re enough blankets for all the fairies. Some of the more dense and dumb fairies just exited out the open doorways without bringing out any type of emergency supplies. There should be plenty of food items. Most of the mill houses are behind the fairy fort.” He raises his free palm hear his sour frown. “Look at this mess ahead of us! No fairy can fly in a forward straight line tonight. The coaches are zig zagging and darting in and out from the fairy exodus. If every fairy would calm down and fly straight. Move over, slow poke!” He exhales with frustration. “Persia was smart, running out and far away from a burning building, honey. I’m so glad that she almost ran into the shoreline near ocean water which is one of the safest places right now. She’s fine. We have a very smart and cute daughter. I’m so proud of her. She’ll be a new heroine from the Second Fairy War, tomorrow afternoon, before the lunchtime meal,” he laughs with a nod.
She turns from the rear seat and smiles at the nose profile on her husband. “Persia is smart, smarter than the other teen fairies Apella and Kuelle. Now, there are three females in line for the fairy queen title. I’m glad Persia volunteered for the scout team. Sometimes, she displays too much emotion, especially with that nasty half-breed Yachel.”
He slides the coach around the line of slower coaches on top of his light brown fairy wave and flies behind a red tinted fairy wave. He nods with a smile. “Persia gets all the credit. She played a good role, faking her teen friendship with Yachel and our half-breed neighbor family. She will be picked as the future fairy queen. No doubt in my mind! Apella wants the job, but she lacks the spirit, who is not like our free spirited and smart daughter.”
She laughs with a nod at the nose profile on her husband. “If Persia gets to be the new fairy queen, then I’m the real fairy princess.”
“And I’m the real fairy prince. And we get to live in the fairy fort too. The fairy queen must use up all her special fairy powers to destroy all the gang of vile and nasty half-breeds. Then, she will become both weak and grateful. Then, she will select Persia as the new fairy queen, before she finally dies, like we have planned all these years,” he steers and chuckles with happiness.
She turns and smiles with a nod at the line of coaches. “It’s good to a fairy in Fairyland.”
At 12:40 a.m. in front of the watcher station, I continue to rest on top of my fairy wave and hover in place on top of the air waves while watching the pretty bonfire. The fairy school burns in vivid colors of red, yellow, and blue. Some burnt parts are smoking black coming from the exhausted flames.
I sit upright on my butthole and feel the cool water touching my naked toes. I feel the cool breeze touch a heated face.
I whisper for my eardrums only. “I had to do it. I’m not proud, but I don’t regret anything.” I slowly fly ahead over the rising flood waters as the last set of fairies escape out from the gang of non-existence half-breeds and the burning school building.
Persia’s mom screams into her gem stone. “Where are you, Persia? I’m with your dad. We are inside our busted coach. We had to smash out all the glass windows. We are flying towards the fairy fort. We are in the middle of the fairy exodus. Persia, are you hurt from the fire? Are you alright?”
“Yeah,” I whisper back into my gem stone and continue to watch the fire flying pretty and high towards the stars.
She shouts into her gem stone. “Don’t worry! We’ll get them back I promise at sunrise.”
I whisper into my gem stone with a worried brow. “I know.”


Fairy Fort location
Southeastern side of Fairyland


12:45 a.m.
Moon light with bright stars and hot temperatures
Five miles-per-hour winds with 88 percent humidity
  and sizzling hot air temperatures 


I fly forward and sit backwards on top of my magenta fairy wave, staring at tall inferno. My fairy eyeballs can see each rotten wooden plank inside the school that still blazes and burns with fury. The pile of gray ashes drifts up into the skyline and then land down over the landscape.
Of course, I really can’t see the tiny gray ash.
I whisper for my eardrums only. “I had to do it. They are home now.” I look up and smile at the skyline. The dark sky is clear with billions of bright white stars. The moonlight is bright yellow shining down on the landscape. I smile at the stars. “You are welcome!” I look down and rub the gem stone, lowering the fairy wave down onto the solid dry ground, standing upright from the wave on a pair of naked toes with a giggle. I retract my fairy wave back into the gem stone with a soft slurp.
I capture the pair of falling cowgirl boots and set of dirty socks, wiggling the naked toes in the sand with a giggle and a confused brow. “This ain’t dirt.” I squat down and touch the soil with a hand. “This is grainy sand.”
I turn and scan the horizon. The moonlight shines and illuminates down over the tiny grains of sand, making the beach glow in white hue. The sea ocean glistens in colors of blue and yellow, looking placid and pretty.
I live on an island. I know the real colors of the ocean is bluish-green during the daylight. The sea waves splash against the beach, making funny slurp-slurp sounds. I scan the landscape, consisting of tiny sand particles and the big fairy fort. There are not trees or bushes or flowers or plants. I do not hear any creature sounds or wildlife howls.
Each escaping fairy or a fairy family with children lands on top of the sand and then retracts their fairy wave back into their gem stone with a loud slurp sound. Then, each fairy family slowly moves ahead in a set of loud mumbles towards the fairy fort.
I slowly stand upright from the sand and spin around, moving ahead over the sand toward the fairy fort, too, feeling the coolness from the sandy grains, whispering for my eardrums only at the sight. “The fairy fort is located on the shoreline within the southern part of the island. No wonder I couldn’t find the dang fairy fart. This hot spot is located three miles from the fairy school. This is 305 miles from the fairy school, wee tart.”
The fairy fort sits on top of a flat square shaped rock platform. The moonlight shines down over each limestone rock making the minerals glow too. The fairy fort is tall comprising five different level of floors. The rooftop is flat.
Each side of the fort consists of a wall of bumpy curved dull colored beige. The beige hue twinkles within the moonlight ray also. Some of the adult fairies stand tall as a set of sentry guardians wearing a brown colored halo or a brown tiara and a matching brown fairy cape.
I slowly move ahead with the other fairies and whisper for my eardrums only. “The two guards are as set of Watchers or guard fairies, who are the nice friends of the fairy queen, not mine.” I scoot over the soft sand when my pair of naked toes hit a bumpy floor. “Ouch!” I stop with a puzzled brow and lift up my naked foot from the bumpy floor while absorbing the tiny pain, staring down at the outside entrance into the fairy fort. “What the fart? Have I run into the set of rose thorns? Naw! This is a set of semi-balls that feel like a bumpy thorn,” laughing.
Some of the bigger fairies in the rear of the huddle shove each old and young fairy in-between the fairy guardians.
I slowly move ahead, stop and stand inside the open archway, leaning over to feel and see each beveled beige colored half-shaped balls on the entrance wall with a puzzled brow. The floor, each wall, and the ceiling are composed of row of dull beige colored half-circles that protrude out like a bump on a log.
At 01:12 a.m., I slowly move ahead and slide side to side over the bumpy floor through another set of double doors, stomping a pair of naked feet over a smooth and level surface of pleasure, not pain.
The new room is crowded and smelly presenting only elbow-to-elbow moving room. The floor is unpolished worn wooden planks.
I giggle with a whisper. “No surprise here! It needs polishing. Wood always needs some tender loving care too.” I wiggle the toes over the smooth wood, placing the pair of socks down into one of the boots, cuddling the boots into the breasts while swaying with the crowd of bad smelling fairies that are both nervousness and angry. I whisper for my eardrums only. “Thorn…throne room is standing room only inside the dull beige color of the fairy queen walls. Ugh! It is an ugly thorn…throne room, to boot,” I laugh.
The fairy queen appears and flies through the high archway on the open doorway over each female tiara and every male skull that consist of her royal subjects. She wears a pair of flapping green colored fairy wings and lands upright on top of a single throne box showing off her pair of crooked kneecaps and her naked skeleton toes that peak out from a short torn and ripped magenta gown.
She wears a distorted face of ugliness and croaks with a smirk to her loyal fairy subjects. “The Second Fairy war is coming here to the fairy fort.”
“No matter to us, fairies!” One brave fairy shouts into his gem stone. “We will win this fight.”
Some of the younger fairies moan out loud. Some of the younger children cry out loud. And some of the fairies smell awful and offend the other fairy nose holes.
“Maybe!” I whisper for my eardrums and cuddle the boots, exhaling with a puff of deep worry for my family, the other fairy families, my bestest friend Yachel, and all the other half-breeds.
“They will fail and fall.” A second fairy yells into her gem stone.
“Maybe!” I whisper with worry.
“Where is the gang of vile and nasty half-breeds?” A third fairy shouts into his gem stone.
“The half-wits are hiding with the four fairy godmaggots.” A fourth fairy scream into her gem stone.
“Maybe!” I whisper with worry.
On top of her throne box of dark wood, the fairy queen smirks to her loyal subjects. “I need some type of immediate defense strategy for our success to win the Second Fairy War.” Some fairies moan out loud. Some fairies cry out loud. The other fairies cheer out loud.
I softly moan and cuddle my boots closer into my heart from the boredom entertainment show.
Within the crowd of loyal subjects, sixteen years old, fairy teen Britton lifts up from the floor and hovers in the air, waving with his hand and a smile at the queen. “I have the winning defense strategy for the Second Fairy War, Your Majesty Fairy Queen.”
I continue to stand within the smelly crowd and roll the eyeballs back into the skull, puffing with annoyance, staring at the fairy queen. I whisper. “Britton, he’s my fairy hero.”
Britton lowers back down and stands on top of the wooden floor, elbowing his forward footpath through the other nosily, smelly crowd of stationary standing fairies, strutting towards the throne stage and then stops. He bows down with his fit waistline to the queen, standing upright with a nod.
“Britton, he’s my fairy prince,” I softly giggle at his silly show to the nasty fairy queen.
Within the smelly crowd of fairies, I narrow my eyelashes and gasp in shock at the queen’s levitation trick. The fairy queen is sitting inside a wooden throne chair which hovers in the air waves by her powerful fairy magic. The throne box is a piece of solid dark wood which holds her humped over folded body shape and her pair pale colored, naked crooked legs.
I whisper with a frown. “Where is her bumpy chair that matches the bumpy floor? Apella and Gable, both ensure that her farting fairy fort is composed of bumpy bumps for some reason.”
She waves her wicked wand in the air. A long wooden table appears in front of Britton and the throne box coming from her black tinted gem stone.
Britton looks down and gasps at the top of the wooden table.
The parents of Britton elbow a footpath through the smelly crowd of swaying fairies and wear a smile, stopping next to their son.
Britton points down at the table with a smile. “Wow! This wooden hand curved art piece displays the entire landscape including the trees, the bushes, the shorelines, and all the buildings of Fairyland. Wow! I see the mountain, the shoreline, the school …”
“What is your defense strategy, young fairy,” The fairy queen looks down at the wooden table with a sour frown.
Britton grins. “Yes ma’am,” He reaches out and touches the wooden table, moving a finger around each tiny wooden structure. “The four fairy godmothers live there on the northern side of the island, inside a mountain structure, which is really a very tall dead tree trunk. The gang of vile and nasty half-breeds is hiding inside the interior that same tree house with the four fairy godmothers also. The four fairy godmothers and the gang of vile half-breeds will be flying coming from the northern end of the island and advancing on us here in the southern direction. But, they will be attacking us and the fairy fort coming from the eastern horizon over the ocean water …”
The fairy queen frowns down at the wooden table. “Why would the four fairy godmaggots fly from the east and over the ocean water?”
He looks up with a grin to see queen. “This would be the greatest advantage to attack your fairy fort. The fort is located right along the water’s edge with sand and waves.”
Among the smelly crowd, one fairy shouts into his gem stone. “We can use the herd of winged steeds, compliments of each draft and duchess horse and then protect both the fort and the water.”
The fairy queen sneers. “The herd of winged steeds is either dead or gone. The gang of vile and nasty half-breeds have stolen the rest of the living and breathing winged steeds.”
Each fairy gasps with shock. I look down with worry at my ten dirty, naked toes.
Britton looks down with a smile and points down at the table. “It would not be good for the gang of half-breeds to fly in here coming from the southwest, since they would be flying directly into the bright sunlight. The solar sun still rises, this morning, within the eastern horizon. Therefore, the gang of half-breeds will be flying from the sunrise while disguising their impending attack.”
Each fairy gasps out loud in fear.
Britton looks up with a smile to see the queen. “The pair of flapping black wings on each duchess horse will easily clash with the blinding rays of light looking like a black colored sun spot. The pair of white tinted wings on every draft horse will hide inside the white cloud cover. We need to guard our front side, the sandy shoreline. They will not come from the southern direction. The distance is too great for a winged steed’s endurance of strength. They will attack our northern side and northeast shoreline, for certain, Your Majesty Fairy Queen,” he bows down at his fitted waistline and stands upright with a smile.
“Good call, fairy prince Britton!” The fairy queen looks up and sneers with a smirk at the audience of smelly fairies. “I want every fairy outside and lining the shoreline, the rooftop, and the skyline. Fairy prince Gable, you and your two fairy parents will ride and lead the pride of my stables, the ding-ding horses. You will gallop towards the shoreline killing any and all approaching fairies by boot, by boat, and by body on top the sandy ground soil coming from the south towards the north. Do I make my war command clear, fairy prince Gable?”
Within the smelly crowd, Gable’s mom bows down at her fit waistline and then stands upright, nodding with a smile to see the queen. “Yes, Fairy Queen! We hear and we obey. We will guard all the white tinted sand grains in front of your fairy fort from every single vile and nasty half-breed.”
I whisper with a giggle for my eardrums only. “Gabbie will be safe. No rational minded half-breed or fairy would murder an innocent cute doe-eyed, red tinted ding-ding horse or the more innocent doe-eyed and mouth spitting and giggling fairy teen male Gable.”
The fairy queen sneers at each subject. “Take any number of fairy families with you, fairy prince Gable. The brownies are …”
“Dead,” a second fairy yells into her gem stone. “And I am not happy…”
“My brownie servants are dead too, Fairy Queen,” a third fairy sneers into his gem stone. “I brought all my house servants, in good faith, to the farting fairy queen coronation parade practice session. Then, the gang of vile and nasty half-breeds had attacked, by surprise. Now, all of my brownies are dead by a gem stone ray, fairy queen.” The other fairies mumble out loud with a head nod.
“I hear you, good fairies. Yes, every house servant brownie is dead by the hand of a nasty half-breed. This is their revenge not caring for a tiny life form. So, each nasty half-breed will die this sunrise morn. We all shall fight this sunrise morn with our newest enemy.” The fairy queen points at the parents of Gable. The parents of Gable perform a bow at the waist again and stand upright with a smile like a servant or a subject.
The mom of Gable reaches out and slaps the back spine on her son Gable with a loud pop. Gable performs a waistline bow with a soft sneer, slowly standing upright with a fake smile at the fairy queen.
A few feet over from Gable, within the smelly crowd, I continue to stand and roll my two eyeballs, shaking my curls with a smile, looking back at the fairy queen. I lift up my index finger and pick at each fossilized boogers inside each nose hole dropping down each nasty content on the top of the bumpy beige tinted floor or someone else’s boot toe with soft laughter. I am so disgusted with this nasty fairy queen, the upcoming fairy war, each rude fairy mentor, the rest of the devoted fairy teens, and finally my set of fairy parents.
Inside the floating wooden throne chair, The fairy queen points with a sneer at Apella. “Fairy princess Apella, you and your fairy parents will lead all the fairies, guarding the roof tiles on my fairy fort. We can’t allow the one vile and nasty half-breed to land on top of my flat rooftop for any good or bad reason. Do I make my war command clear?”
The mom of Apella bounces up and down with a smile of joy. “Yes, Fairy Queen! Yes, ma’am! I and my family members will guard the flattened rooftop on your fairy fort. No fear! We will kill all the vile and nasty half-breeds coming towards the rooftop or before or beyond.”
On top of the bumpy floor, I roll my eyeballs again and look back with an ugly yawn at the sucking up maneuver coming from the mom of Apella. The set of parents of Apella is a set of bigger duplicates of fairy princess Apella, a pair of total suck ups. I reach down and scratch my covered butthole through the blue jeans, lifting the same hand and scratch my dirty hair roots, without pookie dookie. 
I should have bathed last night, but I was too busy doing some naughty stuff.
I fling both pointy elbows outward creating more elbow space for my swaying body among my smelly neighbors for my fun and their annoyance, softly giggling with a grin.
Inside the floating throne chair of wood, the fairy queen points with a sneer at the parents of Persia. “You will lead a group of fairies, guarding the skyline, surrounding my fairy fort. You will charge and kill each vile and nasty half-breed on top of each stolen winged steed using the transportation of every fairy coach.”
The mom of Persia nods with a smile at the queen. “Yes, Fairy Queen!”
I recognize the familiar soprano voice, like mine, and gasp in alarm, standing taller in the air above the bone skulls on a pair of tippy toes, viewing the nose profile of each one of my parents. My parents perform a bow down at a waist line to the fairy queen. I stomp the floor and swing around with a sneer at the ugly fairy queen for involving my parents within her stupid fairy war.
Inside the floating throne chair, the fairy queen taps her black gem stone and says with a smirk and a sneer. “I have been watching every single fairy here within Fairyland. And I know each one in both strength and weakness. I am transmitting your assigned War Role posting the information within the war battle into your individual gem stone. If you receive the word sun, then you will ride the winds, defending my fairy fort by your fairy coach. If you receive the word sky, then you will stand on the flat rooftop of my fairy fort, defending your person with your fairy wave. And if you receive the word sea, then you will ride on top of one of my precious ding-ding horses, defending the ground sands around my fairy fort.”
One angry fairy growls into his gem stone. “Where is the herd of racing and mean colorful unicorns?”
“The herd of unicorns is dead or gone by way of each sneaky half-breed, too.” Another furious fairy growls into her gem stone.
“Fairy prince Britton and your fairy parents will stand as the prime team of lookouts for the rest of this evening. Tell me if a scouting party of numerous half-breeds appear here, before the sunrise! Please, go and leave out for your fairy duty, right now.” The fairy queen nods to Britton and his parents with a smirk.
Britton leans over and hugs both of his parents with a smile, pulling apart, spinning around and leads his party through the smelly crowd of fairies. They slowly elbow through the crowd and exit the throne room, dashing ahead towards the flattened rooftop to perform the first fairy queen war command.
Within the crowded room, I continue to stand or wobble over the bumpy floor and roll my two eyeballs with a sour frown, looking at the queen with a whisper. “There is no friend of mine, like a fairy friend.” I swing around and locate my parents. They stood inside one of the rear wall corners, bumping heads, whispering to each other.
Fairy Queen slowly stands upright from the chair and hovers in the air on her crooked legs, raising each crooked arm in air and sneers into her gem stone. “We will attack at dawn.”
The other group of fairies sounds with a series of cheers and claps, except Persia.
I swing around and sneer at the queen, viewing my parents, whispering for my eardrums only. “I am not impressed here, either, fairy queen.” I forcefully elbow a footpath through the crowd of fairies, getting my naked toes stumped sometimes and stop, sliding in front of my parents. I wear a sour frown of annoyance, frustration, and fear and continue to cuddle my boots.
The mom of Persia smiles with happiness at her daughter. “Here you are, Persia! Did you see and hear our war command? The fairy queen has placed us in charge of every fairy coach as her defense strategy war command order or …”
“Yeah!” I continue to frown. “Where are the groves of sharp, pointy plant thorns located here on the fairy fart?”
“What!” Her dad frowns and then smiles of happiness. “We could use some assistance organizing each coach as the first commander’s daughter, honey.”
I cuddle the boots into my heart with angry and force a fake smile. “Yeah, I’ll help ya’ll. You are my biological parents, after all and all that too. But first, I wanna talk to you.” I spin around and slam into the back spine on a tall fairy with a sigh, slowly scooting around the fairy, elbowing a foot path toward the open archway and away from the smelly and mumbling fairy warriors.
My parents follow behind and continue to talk about something.
I halt inside the open archway and view more bumpy bumps on the continuously bumpy floor with confusion and puzzlement.
Persia’s mom halts and stands behind her daughter with a smile. “Alright, honey! Let’s move out from the crowded throne room. We can hunt and find a nice quiet spot to rest for the evening, before sunrise, when the gang of half-breeds will attack as foretold by the fairy queen. The fairy fort has six or five floor levels. I’m never toured here. Let’s go and do some exploring for a bit, before the war. I’ve never been inside the fairy fort.”
She scoots around Persia and leads into the new hallway slowly sliding sideways over the bumpy floor, gliding away from the throne room. She enters the empty foyer.
I step ahead and wobble sideways on my naked feet and then stop, looking down at the floor with a puzzled brow. “It’s bumpy. There’re bumps on top of the bumpy floor. It’s very hard to walk.” I aim my gem stone in the air and release out my magenta fairy wave in tiny form, lifting my body and my boots up from the floor, gliding over each bump a few inches. I turn down a new hallway and shout out loud with annoyance. “I thought the fairy fart was made of sharp thorns, not rounded balls.”
“What?” Her mom performs the same maneuver and follows beside Persia, surfing on top her apricot fairy wave and then halts beside a new wall of bumps at the entrance of a new hallway.
I halt and hover my fairy wave over the bumpy floor, turning to face my mother.
Her mother smiles at Persia. “What do you wanna talk about, honey?”
I exhale with worry and a sour frown. “Mother, this Second Fairy War is going to get all of us killed. I wanna quit the army, the war, and all of this silly stuff. I wanna go back to my warm home and try to live out a normal life, like a fairy.”
Persia’s dad slowly surfs his light brown fairy wave over the bumpy floor and stops his wave, parking in front of his wife and his daughter, shaking his skull with a sour frown. “We don’t have a warm home anymore, Persia. The gang of vile and nasty half-breeds has burned our house down into the grass and dirt. Yachel and her parents had flown back without our knowledge and then burned down our house and then their house and each animal barns, too. So, we couldn’t occupy their house or any other structure for shelter.”
“No!” I gasp in alarm and clutch my naked throat and as my sobs of sad tears make my voice croak like the fairy queen. “Where do we go to live and eat and bathe and …?”
Persia’s mom smiles and extends her arms. “Honey, we all are going to live here inside the fairy fort, right after the upcoming Second Fairy War. The gang of half-breeds will be dead and then buried underneath the ocean waters. Then we all will pick up the pieces and become a new fairy family like the other fairy families. Some of the other fairy families have lost one or two or more of their family members during the fairy battle, that had occurred four months ago. We’re lucky. We still have you, daughter.”
I whisper for my eardrums only. “Not for long, I bet.” I whine. “Mother, the four fairy godmothers told each fairy teen inside their hidden fairy tree house that I could become a boggart like the fairy queen, if I kill a life form.”
Her mom reaches out and pats her daughter on the arm with an apricot colored tiny fairy finger coming from her wave, shaking her curls with a smile. “That is all nonsense, Persia. Yes. The fairy queen is a boggart, after killing each nasty human on the shoreline from a long time ago. But she was a young girl and not even the queen, which made her our queen.
I frown. “How old is she?”
“She was birthed before me,” Persia’s dad laughs.
I stomp my boot as my wave wiggles side to side without tossing my body off the beam. I sneer in worry and anger. “Mother and Father, wonder if, the four fairy godmothers are telling the truth? Look! We got weird herds of short brownies, a floating building, a folding tiara, and other strange stuff here within Fairyland. Don’t you believe the words from the four fairy godmothers as each possesses more fairy power than the fairy queen?”
Her mom continues to stroke her daughter on the arm with her fairy finger, saying with a smile and a nod. “The four godmothers are trying to scare you, Persia. That is true. The ugly truth, if you harm a human which is forbidden, then you will become an ugly boggart, which is foretold from centuries ago. And this act had been committed and enacted by our fairy queen, centuries ago. The real truth, the four fairy godmothers cannot fight within any fairy war. It is forbidden by the laws of nature here within Fairyland, our home island.”
I gasp in alarm. “Why? Why? What will happen to the four godmothers, if they burn a firing colored ray at me or you or the fairy queen?”
Persia’s dad laughs with a nod. “I wish. I wish so hard. The four fairy godmothers will instantly disintegrate their bones into nothingness. Their godmother powers are strong, stronger than our weaker fairy queen. If the four godmother dare to harm anyone ever, then their individual fairy godmother powers will burn from each one from inside out, destroying their independent fairy life. So, the four godmother have pitted each true fairy against a nasty half-breed, who will lose our Second Fairy War and then all half-breeds will die. I promise all of this. Don’t worry about this, Persia!”
I exhale with worry anyways. “It sounds to me like the pure fairies have picked on each half-breed. Why can’t the fairies and the half-breeds all live in harmony and peace within Fairyland, together, sharing everything like before? Before, no fairy had been identified or labeled as a half-breed or a fairy godmother.”
Persia’s mom frowns. “The deceptive and sneaky gang of nasty half-breeds have burned down our houses and our farm crops and our animal barns and finally our fairy school. We can’t accept a single word of half-breed apology, Persia. This is an act of war against each fairy.”
Jackzee’s mom shouts into her gem stone for all eardrums. “Where is the leader of the fairy coaches? I wanna know where I am to be stationed here inside an empty skyline, right now. I wanna practice my deadly firing ray and kill some of the ocean sharks, right now.”
Persia’s mom exhales with frustration. “We have to go and organize each fairy coach post within the skyline, Persia. You are too upset with all of this war business.” She transfers her arms with each sleeping item using her apricot fingers into Persia’s naked arms with a nod and a smile. “Take your set of blankets, pillows, and linens and then go downstairs to one of the lower levels and get some rest. Take a quick nap. It’s far after midnight, right now. We start the war, at sunrise, in about five hours. I love you, Persia,” she sends out a kiss with her fairy finger and taps the cheekbone on Persia, retracting her fairy finger back into her matching gems tone with a soft slurp. She slowly spins her wave around and slowly rolls her fairy wave over the bumpy floor, disappearing around the wall corner for her fairy duty, leaving Persia behind.
Persia’s dad kisses her daughter on the forehead with his light brown fairy finger, not bothering to step off his fairy ray, balancing over the bumpy floor, spinning around and follows his wife. He slowly rolls away from Persia also.
Inside the empty hallway, on top of my fairy wave, I wrap both my arms around each sleeping item without dropping them down over my wave, yelling back into my gem stone to my parents. “Yeah, yes ma’am and sir. I will rest and ready for upcoming Second Fairy War.”
At 02:02 a.m., I slowly roll forward on top of my magenta fairy wave over the ugly beige colored bumpy floor and turn into an open archway. A single staircase leads down from the throne room towards each lower level.
I don’t know how tall the fairy fort is.
I carefully roll down the staircase on top of my wave, avoiding more half-balls over each step, wall, and the ceiling. I yawn from exhaustion and a whisper. “This place is odd.”
I turn my wave and fly through a single open archway, pausing in the doorway of the fourth floor.
A group of young and elderly fairies reside inside the new room. Each one has selected a cold spot on top of the bumpy floor and activated their gem stone wave, mostly the elderly fairies. Each fairy wave floats two inches up from the floor, holding an older adult and a young child. A fairy child does not possess a gem stone. 
The room is rectangular shaped with two long walls and two side walls with a design of half-rounded balls and painted in dull beige.
I whisper for my eardrums only, “This room is ugly, too.” I gasp with a smile and view my school mate.
Sixteen years old, Second Class, fairy girl Kuelle sits on top of her lilac tinted fairy wave in the middle of a group of patched and multi-colored blankets, pillows, and linens. She reads her gem stone and ignores the noisy commotion inside the room plus Persia.
I slowly glide around the crowd of elderly and young fairies towards Kuelle’s side and stop in the air, hovering over the floor in front of her.
Kuelle continues to read her gem stone with a giggle and a grin, ignoring the noisy commotion inside the room plus Persia.
I grin down at her blonde hair roots, “Hey, Kuelle! Is that empty spot taken next to your crooked elbow?”
Kuelle continue to read her gem tone with a smile. “Naw! Park it right beside me, Persia.”
I whip my magenta wave into a curved circle and toss all the patched and dull multi-colored blankets, pillows, and linens in the air. Then each sleeping item magical lands back down and rests on top at my circular wave like a sitting chair. I perform an ugly yawn and stretch all my limbs in the air, one at a time, of course. I don’t feel like bathing my body or my dirty clothes. I sit down on top of my pretend wave bed and turn to see her nose profile. “What are you doing?”
Kuelle continues to read her lilac gem stone, “Looking at Walcott ...”
I gasp in shock. “Can you call him from here and into here from inside the FF?”
She looks up and frowns to Persia, “FF?”
“FF is the fairy fort using the first capital letter of each word.” I smile.
She shakes her curls and looks down, reading her lilac gem stone with a smile. “Naw.”
I frown at her nose profile. “Can you see him from here at the FF?”
She continues to read her gem stone with a smile, “Naw.”
I dart my eyeball down to her lilac gem stone. “What are you looking at inside your gem stone?”
She reads her gem stone. “I’m viewing old pictures of me and Walcott, before the FQ.”
“FQ? O! The fairy queen, the first two capital letters from her royal name, without a proper name. What is her proper name, not fairy queen, either? Yeah!” I lean over with a smile into Kuelle. “Let’s see.”
She cuddles her gem stone with a sour frown and leans away from Persia. “This is a private moment for me, Persia!”
I exhale with embarrassment and sit back on top of my wave. “O! I’m sorry. I’m tensed and tired from the FW.”
“FW? O! The fairy war, the first two letters are capitalized from the words, fairy and war,” she frowns. “Yeah, the Fairy War starts in four hours or so.”
I grin. “O! I am so sorry. I’m dumb and numb and scared before the FW. Why are you so happy about the FW?”
She leans with a smile and a whisper into Persia. “Walcott is coming for me here at FF. I’m not participating in the FW. We’re running away together from the FQ, FW, FF, and Fairyland.”
I gasp in alarm. “You lie!”
She giggles, “I happy.”
I exhale. “You kid!”
She giggles, “I happier.”
I exhale, “You truth!”
She giggles, “I happiest.” Then she turns and views her gem stone with a smile.
I smile at her nose profile, “That’s all so wonderfully nice. I’m happy for you too. I wished my fairy boyfriend Britton wanted to flee from the FQ and FW also. His parents are on top of the roof looking for the sunrise, the half-breeds, and the beginning of war. So, where are you going to survive, live, eat, play, and reproduce within Fairyland?”
Kuelle continue to view her gem stone with a smile. “Anywhere, but here, FQ is sick, ugly, and evil.” She turns and winks to Persia. “Do you like my new set of nasty four-lettered farting fairy words?”
I nod. “I hear you, babe. And what about your set of fairy parents?”
She giggles. “I don’t know.”
“What about your extended fairy family?”
“I don’t care.”
I exhale. “I feel ya, there, too.” More middle aged fairies enter the room and seek an empty spot against the wall. Each side wall is filled with a sleepy or snoring fairy.
Each new fairy selects an empty spot over the center of the bumpy floor and ignites their fairy wave, shaping it into a lousy looking bed mattress. Then each new fairy rests on top of the wave, without moving and snoring.
Kuelle continues to read her lilac gem stone with a smile.
I turn and watch the other fairies roam around the room. “What dirty S word did you get from the FQ as either a sky, a sea, or a sun?”
She grins, “Sky.”
I nod. “So, you and your parents are going to die on top of the rooftop of FF, within the FW while protecting the FQ,” I giggle from string of double letters and as I feel scared of dying and funny of living during the war underneath the reign of the fairy queen.
She turns and frowns to Persia. “I ain’t going to die within the FW on top of the FF, for the ugly FW. My hero boyfriend Walcott is coming here to rescue me. I told you my FS, fairy secret, Persia. And you do not go and tattle-tail to no other fairy either.”
I whisper with a smile, “FT, a fairy tale.” I frown. “How does your boyfriend Walcott know where to come and get your buttonhole, Kuelle? The gem stone doesn’t work out there to here, that far distance. And there is going to be a row of fairy coaches blocking the skyline, a line of ding-dings blocking the water and a row of gem stone on top of the flattened rooftop, firing at the enemy.” 
She winks to Persia. “We’re bonded, the same, alike. I was going to hide inside the fairy school. Then, some wee fart smoked their gem stone ray on their dull colored, ratty bed linens, probably one of the thirteen years old, farting tart.”
I tense with guilt and whisper with a nod, “Yeah, probably, one of the thirteen years old, farting tart!”
She flips her hand near her grin, “No matter, to me! Walcott will swoop down and then sweep me from the FF, like a true fairy tale.”
I grin, “I’m happy for you, Kuelle.”
One of the watcher fairies stands inside the open archway on top of his chocolate brown tinted fairy wave and loudly sneer to each conscious fairy. “Quiet in here, right now! Go to sleep in here, right now! War starts in three hours and less here,” then he slowly spins around from the archway and moves down the hallway to the next room.
I continue to cuddle in the blankets and sit on top of my fairy waves, scanning the room. Each designed and painted beige half-ball glows like an overhead lamp inside the enclosed room. I yawn ugly. “No lights out.”
I slide down on top of my hovering fairy bed and curl my body into a ball, closing my eyelashes, smelling my mom’s fragrance of vanilla perfume on her bed linens. I think of my parents and smile. 
Then I drift down into heavy slumber, without snoring.
Fairy War


05:04 a.m.
Dawn of the new morning
Yellow and pink sunlight and parted clouds, sizzling temperatures
   with 10 miles-per-hour winds
     and 108 percent humidity at 104°F


A pair of boot toe kicks at my back spine. 
I yell out in pain, “Ouch!” I wiggle inside my warm blankets, freeing my arm, hitting back my attacker.
Kuelle squats down into the eardrum on Persia. “Get up, sleepy head! Today is the start of the Second Fairy War. you don’t wanna be late, so I am going to be,” she back slides on top of her lilac colored fairy wave and crosses her legs, extending a food item Persia.
I groan with annoyance and slowly sit up on my fanny on top of my hovering fairy wave, accepting the teacup of milk and a piece of fresh bread, without a repaired plate, cramming the bread into my mouth.
Persia’s mom says into her gem stone. “Persia, where are you? We could use a little hand here. We’re organizing the coaches. Please come quickly to the entrance door which you used last night. We are waiting.”
On top of my hovering wave, I chew the food and replace my boots, saying into my gem stone. “Yes ma’am!” I quickly drink the teacup and lower the teacup in-between the spaced bumps over the floor.
Kuelle slowly stands upright with a smile on top of her fairy wave. “All the fairies, but us, are outdoors in the bright moonlight with twinkling stars, marching towards their assigned war role post. We need to go. My parents have been alerting me for fifteen minutes. So, I’m been ignoring them, since I’m not fighting within the FW.”
I roll each sleeping item into a ball and hold them between my arms, scanning the room. “Where do I place this slumbering stuff?”
“Leave it right here! This is now your new bedroom with your new home.” Kuelle sails her lilac tinted fairy wave in a narrow format towards the open archway, leaving Persia.
I continue to stand on my wave and toss each folded sleeping item down on top of the bumpy floor, swinging my magenta fairy wave around, soaring low over each bump, not hitting them. I slowly follow behind my school friend Kuelle.
Kuelle flies through the archway and sails up the long staircase, returning back into the common hallway.
I fly behind her and hear an empty hallway, seeing no other fairy.
She turns the wall corner and veers away from the throne room.
I turn the same wall corner and veer away from the throne room also, seeing the brightness of yellow colors from the sunrise, gliding a few inches over bumpy floor and the sand. I hold my nose and mouth at the entrance, standing on top of my magenta wave with a gasp.


05:10 a.m.
Beach shoreline setting
Hot sizzling temperatures with partly clouds of sunlight


The front entrance leads out and displays miles and miles of flat white colored sand surrounding a tall rock platform, which holds the fairy fort. The sand gleams and sparks like an open bag of mineral diamonds within the shiny early dawn rays, almost blinding my sensitive fairy eyeballs.
On top of the pretty blinding white sand, rows and rows of rusty and golden tinted fairy coaches stand, as far as, my young eyeballs can see. Each row or coaches is parked in an ugly zigzag pattern over the sand, blocking some of the flight pathways from last night’s exodus of the burning fairy school building.
The parents of Persia stand in the middle of the parked rows.
Her dad waves his arms up, down, and side to side, saying into his gem stone for a set of particular fairy eardrums and his daughter. “You, lift off next. You, stay put for now.” Each coach slowly lifts up from the white sand and slowly steers into a yellowish sky, flying ahead and halts within a semi-crooked row with the other hovering coaches inside the skyline and over the ocean water.
Four rows of golden tinted fairy coaches hang within the light winds appearing like magic.
Inside the archway on the fairy fort, I narrow my eyelashes and gasp with shock.
Each coach is packed with a driver, a front passenger, and a rear passenger. A fairy family consists of a mom, a dad, and a child. Some of the coaches have seated their elderly grandparents inside the rear bench with a young child. A child doesn’t possess a gem stone shooting out a firing ray, only shouting out loud with fear during the upcoming Fairy battle.
I gasp with a whisper for my eardrums only. “This is war.”
Persia’s mom motions to her daughter and says into her gem stone. “Persia, over here! Please, come over here to me.”
I roll my two eyeballs and look back at my mom, slowly advancing forward on top of my fairy wave from the archway.
Kuelle slams her lilac wave into the magenta wave, creating a lovely pile of pale green hue of danger.
I quickly steer my magenta wave up in the air and away from the lilac wave, the flat sand, and the almost body collision and then halt in the air a few feet from the rooftop. I look down and sneer at my friend.
A few feet from the open archway, Kuelle points to the opposite side on the fort.
I continue to hover in the air and turn with a gasp with shock.  Numerous herds of ding-ding horses sound with a ba-ba in unison slowly prancing in front of the entrance doorway on the fort. Their dark red chestnut coat gleams within the pale yellow sunlight, giving off a cute mint green shadow.
Mentor Thurbet leads a cluster of ding-ding horses. Some of the horses hold a set of riders. Some of the horses run, without a rider. Each ding-ding rider sails on top of a fairy waves behind the tiny herds coming from the horse barn, which is located in the rear of the fairy fort.
In the air, I continue to hover on top of my fairy wave at the archway with a giggle and a grin.
Thurbet gallops through the sand and tosses a tornado of grains in the air, turning the wall corner on the fort, facing the ocean water. He gallops over the sand and hits the shallow water in the ocean. His ding-ding horse sounds with a ba-ba of cuteness, getting its four hoofs and four legs wet from the cold water. He swings the horse around and halts in the water, slowly standing upright on his two short legs on top of the leather saddle. He raises his arms and says with a stern face into his gem stone for all eardrums. “I want three rows of horses. The tallest riders will park in the rear of the three rows. The smallest riders will park along the edge of the sand, where the two hoofs of the horse are inside the water. A ding-ding is not afraid of water and neither is a fairy. Move along right now! Get into your war post right now! We must be ready to fight, before the gang of nasty half-breeds arrives here in a few minutes. Once in your war position, you will fire your fairy ray at any and all advancing half-breeds, coming forward or beside or behind your ding-ding horse. I order that you didn’t hit your buddy in front of, beside of or behind of you, only the attacking half-breed. The half-breeds will be coming from the eastern skyline and rising with the sun. Once standing inside your chosen war post, activate your protection shield or your umbrella or a combination of both for your safety and survival.”
Each ding-ding horse slowly scatters around the sand and halts in a war pose over the sand or inside the water. Each horse stands and sways side to side within the sands or inside the water.
Each fairy rider releases out their colored fairy wave. An individual fairy wave descends and burrows down into the white sand, building a colored circle around the four hoofs on the horse. The swirling fairy wave goes up and around engulfing both the horse and the fairy in a specific colored glow of light, depending upon the gem rock.
You only see a pulsating egg-shaped mass of vibrating color, standing over the white sands. When the sunlight hits the gem stone wave, it twinkles and glitters in fairy prettiness.
I smile at each colored mound. “Fairy good…”
Thurbet says into his gem stone. “A half-breed will target you. I promise. But his or her firing range will be very great and very wide. Your protection shielding will hold. I promise. The gem stone ray must be set to kill any and all half-breeds. You can discharge your deadly firing ray, at any time, staying within your gem stone protection shield and deadly killing the half-breed. I predict that the Second Fairy war will last less than two hours. Then, we should celebrate for the rest of the afternoon, killing off the half-breeds.”
Each rider on top of a ding-ding horses sounds with a series of cheers and claps.
Kuelle reaches up and slaps the back spine on Persia using her lilac fairy finger, saying with a giggle and a grin into her gem stone. “Good luck to you, fairy princess Persia! I will see you, not later,” she laughs.
I giggle and wiggle inside her lilac finger as a hug coming from Kuelle and say back into my gem stone with a worried brow. “I hope so, Kuelle.”
Her lilac fairy finger retracts back into her gem stone with a loud slurp. Kuelle lifts up and targets the rooftop. She had received the fairy command, sky, for her war role post. She lands down on the rooftop retracting her lilac wave back into her gem stone with a loud slurp. She dashes ahead to her parents and hugs them with a giggle of her secret happiness.
I continue to stand in the air on my fairy wave and exhale with a puff of worry, slowly advancing over the sand, the row of ding-ding horses, and rows of remaining parked coaches, landing down in front of our family fairy coach. I retract my wave back into my gem stone with a loud slurp and stand exposed in the sand. I slip each sock and cowgirl boot onto my naked feet while watching my parents and each flying coach.
On top of the sands, Persia’s parents continue to stand in the middle of parked rows of coaches and direct the coach traffic with both their arms and their gem stones. 
Persia’s mom yells into her gem stone. “Persia, you’re going to drive the coach, slide inside, and watch for my order.”
“Yes ma’am!” I exhale with a puff of nervousness and kick the sands around my boot toes, slowly stroll around our family coach, scooting down in the driver’s seat. The driver’s seat views the dew wetness below the solid rock slab that holds the ugly fairy fort that displays the same ugly bumps in beige hue.
I flip my worried face and view golden pinkish morning twilight from the slowly rising sun that kisses the deep blue tinted ocean waters. I wish for a romantic moment, instead I feel fear.
My heart stops and then restarts with fright. I swallow the bitter bile back down my tight throat and cough it back up, hoping to live and see another sunrise, hearing the noise.
Each fairy yells into the air and their gem stone in a series of cheers and claps.
I narrow my eyelashes and return back, scanning the rooftop, studying each fairy family. “I don’t see Britton and his mom and his dad ...”
Apella and her fairy parents float on top of an individual fairy wave and hover over rooftop.
Apella’s dad waves both of his arms at the rooftop surface and each wandering fairy family. 
I tap into my gem stone while spying and hearing each rooftop conversation coming from Apella’s father.
He yells into his gem stone and stares at the rooftop. “Now, we will form a perfect defense rectangular, starting at all four corners, spreading over the two long and short sides to cover the entire perimeter of the rooftop. No fairy will stand in the middle. Since I will be standing and guarding inside the middle, directing the war commands. Each fairy family will build a wave hut, protecting your family from the flying firing rays of the half-breeds and discharging your firing rays at the half-breeds also. The half-breeds are really lousy ray shooters. So, the fairy war will end in a few hours, eliminating the entire race of half-breeds. Please pick a spot and construct your wave hut.” All the rooftop fairies sound with a series of cheers and claps again.
Each huddle with a fairy family slowly strolls around and then halts, standing inside an empty spot. Then, the tallest fairy member from each fairy family lifts up an arm and releases out their individual fairy wave. The fairy wave floats up and spread outward extending into a horizontal line over each set of hair roots on every family member and then falls down into four vertical lines that boxes the entire fairy family inside for colorful fairy protection.
On the sand, inside the driver’s seat, I smile at each pretty rectangular box coming from the corresponding fairy family. The flattened rooftop on the fairy fort glows in vivid colors consisting of oranges, pinks, purples, reds, yellows, blues, greens, and other hues.
Apella’s dad shouts into his gem stone. “Very good, fairies! Begin, stage two.”
The shortest fairy drops an arm down at the rooftop surface and releases out their individual fairy wave. Then the wave swirls around the bottom of the box and intertwines with the first fairy wave, creating a new colorful gem stone glow over the entire fairy family.
Inside the driver’s seat, I gasp with shock at the new fairy defense shield, smiling into my gem stone. “Wow! This is so pretty! But, a fairy wave can’t touch another fairy wave. How is this so?”
Persia’s mom is busy with her war role but is always lovingly connected to her daughter by gem stone method. She stares at the rows of newly created colorful wave huts on top of the flattened rooftop on the fairy fort. She speaks with a smile into her gem stone. “Only a loving fairy wave can touch another loving fairy wave, Persia, with love, not harm. This is how a family combines their individual fairy wave with love, family, friendship, peace, health, and hope…”
Inside the driver’s seat, I continue to stare at each hut and gasp in shock from my mother’s words.
I had recalled from my lesson at the burnt down Prince and Princess Fairy Academy. When the pale yellow tinted fairy fist coming from my fairy friend Stad had covered the pale blue tinted fairy fist from Yachel during our shared Gem class, the combination of the two wave fists had created a pretty mint green wave fist. Then, Stad and Yachel had used their combine mint green wave fist and knocked Eadric out cold during that fun fairy fight.
I gasp with a whisper. “It wasn’t really funny or friendly. Evil fairy mentor Ibbie was looking for a half-breed among the fairy students during that violent and vicious school fairy exercises. But, she had failed. She had not really known who each half-breed really was. Then I did Yachel’s fairy tale assignment with the word, humans. I had snapped a series of faint colorful pictures from the human world with the pair of ancient spyglasses inside the watcher station. I did do it. I did spy and aid each wickedly, evil fairy mentor in locating and identifying each teen half-breed, without my knowledge.” I frown at the developing beautifully colorful huts glowing on top of the fairy fort that is owned by the fairy queen.
Each colorful glowing wave hut has been constructed for targeting and killing each known and identified half-breed while protecting their entire fairy family inside with double bands of fairy waves. Each half-breed will fly upon a winged steed with a single rider possessing a single fairy wave for the upcoming Second Fairy War.
I exhale with awe and worry. “So beautiful! So deadly! So wrong!” I slam the forward dashboard with my fury, hurting my fleshy palm, without care but worry.
Persia’s mom says into her gem stone. “It’s your turn, Persia. Please lift from the sands. Glide slowly to the sky and place our coach on the top of row in the middle. That’s our post for the fairy war.”
“Yes ma’am.” I exhale with a puff of nervousness and return back to the reality of war, rubbing my gem stone over the golden floor of the fairy coach. My magenta tinted fairy wave surrounds my boots first and then encircles my body and finally my coach.
I slowly lift up from the sands and steer my coach through the empty air space in-between the parked rows of coaches and halt within the middle air space on the top row. Each row of coaches lies half-a-mile in air space distance from the fairy fort. The top row, with my family, is one-fourth of a mile in distance above the ocean water waves.


05:30 a.m.
Pale blue skyline setting
Dull sunlight of pink and red with warm temperatures


I turn and scan my long row of coaches and gasp in shock.
Kuelle sits inside the driver’s seat of a coach and hovers beside Persia, waving her hand, holding her lilac gem stone. She pilots her fairy family coach, like Persia, keeping it from sliding side to side within the calm winds.
I feel good, before I die. I smile into my gem stone. “Kuelle, hi over there from over here! I thought you got the word sea written down inside your gem stone blasting a deadly fairy wave into battle and then death.”
Kuelle giggles into her gem stone. “I did get the fairy command of sky. But I switched with our fairy Second Class mate Jackzee. She’s an awful pilot with her family coach. And her parents begged my parents to trade with their royal war post. So, she gets to die on the rooftop. And I get to die with you, fairy girl.”
I grin. “I’m honored, darling.”
On top of the sand, Persia’s parents watch the last coach lift up from the sands and park in the last position on the last row of hovering coaches. Each parent shoots out their individual fairy wave over the sands and jumps on top, flying up towards Persia, who continues to sit in their family coach.
Persia’s mom dives through the broken rear window without the glass. The glass had been broken out during the fairy exodus from a burning Fairy Academy. She lands down on top of the rear bench seat and sucks back in her fairy wave with a soft slurp, wiggling side to side for a good firing position to kill numerous half-breeds.
Persia’s dad slides through the open front passenger window and sits down inside the chair, sucking his light brown fairy wave back into his wrist watch with a loud smack. He wiggles side to side inside the chair with excitement selecting a good firing pose to kill each attacking half-breed during the upcoming Second Fairy War.
He turns and smiles at the nose profile on Persia. “Persia, when the fairy queen calls out for the killing charge, I want you to steer our coach straight ahead and directly into the middle row of flying draft horses, honey. We can kill more half-breeds from this strategic upper level battle post than the other coaches. And do not tilt our coach sideways, either. It’ll mess with our protection shield …”
“What protection shield?” I survey the interior of our family coach with confusion, turning to frown at his nose profile. “Each glass is gone and busted out from our coach by you and my mother, last night, this morning, or whenever. The glass windows could have offered some type of shield protection for me and us, but not anymore.”
Persia’s dad lifts up and aims his wrist watch shell with the embedded light brown tinted gem stone at the windowless front shield, shooting out a wide fairy wave, “Naw! Each glass window would dangerously explode and bust into millions of sharp glass particles coming from a lousy fairy ray. The exploding glass would hurt our daughter. So, we had gladly broken out all the glass windows to save our only child. Now, you duck down your tiara from the front wind shield when you see an approaching fairy ray. The deadly fairy ray will easily fly through the front windowless glass and then out through rear windowless glass. Clever, isn’t it? Our coach flying is vital in keeping the protection shielding intact, so each one of our firing rays will continue to kill a half-breed, before that half-breed kills our family fairy clan,” he chuckles.
“O joy!” I pat my hands over my palm gem stone with nervousness.
He turns and grins to his daughter. “Have some faith …”
“Have some fear …”
He returns back and stares at the glass-less front wind shield and speaks into his gem stone to each coach. “Coaches, we are ready. Please, begin the fairy protection shielding process.” He turns and smiles at Persia. “Your mom and I will create a new protection shielding over our fairy coach, like so.”
His gem stone emits a light brown fairy wave on top of the engine hood and then the same beam spreads around the exterior frame on their family coach. The light brown tinted wave covers each missing glass from the front, rear, rooftop, and each side window. The exterior coach glows in light brown hue of glittering sparkles from the raising sunlight rays of a new day here within Fairyland.
“It’s your turn, honey!” He nods and smiles at the glittering shield over their coach.
In the rear bench seat, Persia’s mom releases out her apricot colored fairy wave in the air waves as her wave slowly intertwines with his light brown fairy wave that surrounds and engulfs the entire coach for a second time.
I continue to sit in the driver’s seat and swing my face side to side, seeing each different colored fairy wave slowly touch without fireballs and then nicely merge into a new beautiful creation in the glittering color of peachy hue. I smiled at the new color.
Each hovering family coach slowly glowing with a new fairy color on each row within a white tinted skyline from a rising sunlight in the eastern horizon.
Each various tints of red hue plus every various color of blue form into a different fairy protection shield shade displaying light pink hue to medium pink tone to hot pink color. Each various hue of green plus every various tone of red colors forms into a different fairy protection shield shade from bright to medium to dark yellow colors.
Each various color of green plus the various blue color forms into a different fairy protection shield displaying light to medium to dark blues.
Yellow and blue colors form a shade from light to medium to dark green colors.
The various shades of pink plus the various tones of yellow form into an array of red color on each family coach.
I continue to sit and view each coach, whispering with a sour frown, “So beautiful! So deadly! So, not a war.” I study the light brown fairy wave coming from my dad that has been entwined with the apricot colored fairy wave coming from my mom that creates a peach colored fairy mist around our family fairy coach with a sour frown. “The fairy protection shield is painted in a peachy color. Thank goodness! Fairies use pink flowers at each death funeral,” I laugh from comedic relief that doesn’t help my upset stomach or my raw nerve endings of impending doom and death.
On top of the rooftop of her fairy fort, the fairy queen stands in the front of the building and shouts into her gem stone for each pair of eardrums on every fairy warrior. “The half-breeds have been identified, this early morn at sunrise, like promised. They are riding on a winged steed coming from the eastern horizon. This is the bad news for us. The bright sunlight will blind our naked eyeballs too. The good news, each one of our firing rays will discharge with our pair of blinded eyeballs. Charge and slaughter, the nasty gang of half-breeds!”
Inside the family coach, Persia’s dad jabs a finger with a sneer at a faint line of tiny black objects that appear as a shadow within the bright blinding sunrays. “There, they are ahead of us! Each winged steed with a half-breed rider is approaching us. Move the coach forward, Persia.”
I view the faint line of winged steeds and whisper with fear. “This is war.”
Each winged steed appears like a tiny dot among the yellow and pink colored eastern horizon. Each pair of black colored wings on a duchess horse flaps up and down like a crooked row of flying birds.
Each white colored wings on a draft horse nicely blends within the low hanging white tinted clouds, making their black body shift up and down with the winds, like a tiny black colored bug.
A plum tinted deadly firing ray hits the grill tip on my fairy coach that resides within the middle spot on the top row among a white colored skyline.
Each fairy family coach displays six sides like an octagon. A front viewing window, a side driver’s window, a side front passenger’s window, a rear driver’s window, a rear passenger’s window, a rear viewing window, and a window rooftop. All the window glass is missing, broken, and busted by each fairy member during the Fairy Exodus from the burning school building, last night.
Our family coach swiftly tilts to the left. My body slams down into the closed driver’s side door. I exhale with pain and growl with fury and feel sadness with a whisper. “That plum colored gem stone fairy ray belongs to Hadwin’s dad. Hadwin is here, too, with my bestest friend Yachel. This is a real live Second Fairy War.”
“Compensate, Persia!” Persia’s dad yells with fury and fires out his deadly light brown fairy beam at the flying duchess horse while holding onto the door handle with his other hand. The attacking horse and rider on the coach beautifully explode into a pile of pink and yellow tinted flames.
I gasp in alarm and then sob with worry. I do not use my fairy eyeballs and view each rider’s death. I don’t want to know. I want the war to end.
I rub my gem stone and control the coach, compensating for a sideways coach, steering to the right. I fly our coach forward and spot my school mate sixteen years old Walcott on top of a draft horse.
Walcott veers away from Persia’s coach and flies towards his girlfriend Kuelle and her hovering coach on the same top row.
I rub my gem stone with a grin and steer away for my friend Walcott. So, he can swoop down and sweep Kuelle away from this deadly Second Fairy War.
My coach flies sideways and moves to the left.
“No! No! Move us forward, not away, Persia.” Persia’s dad shouts out loud and fires out another deadly light brown fairy ray, missing the draft horse with Walcott.
A blush pink tinted deadly firing ray hits the rooftop slamming our coach downwards towards the flat ocean waves.
I slap my body forward into the pretty protruded golden dashboard without injury but miffness biting my lip from the violent impact. Blood leaks over my lips.
Persia’s dad falls down over the floor from the un-fairy criminal ray impact.
I wipe the blood from my lip and sniff out loud touching my nose with a free hand, smelling a tinge of burning animal hairs, turning to see my dad on the floor.
Persia’s dad swiftly crawls up from the floor and sits back down into the front passenger, wearing a coat of dark brown peeling skin tissue, possessing a set of long stringy orange hair strands. Two blood red colored horns protrude at an angle from his rounded forehead. Four puke green neon wings smash into the front passenger seat and a black tail wiggles upright from his butthole and wobbles side to side behind his orange colored hairy rear skull.
He lifts up and aims his wrist watch shell with the embedded light brown gem stone at an approaching attacking line of flying winged steeds, saying with a tongue spit of mouth drool. He growls in a baritone animal sound, like the fairy queen. “Move us closer, Persia. Go forward towards the winged steeds, honey! Get me a good target, right now!”
I gasp with shock and continue to stare at his ugly profile with a soft whisper of disbelief. “It is all true.”
“Get us closer, Persia! Ram the coach into the winged steed, honey!” He leans his upper body through the glass-less side window with a low animal growl and a tongue of mouth drool, firing out his deadly light brown ray at the approaching duchess horse. The horse and rider beautifully explodes into an array of purple and orange colored fireball, killing each life form. 
I whisper and hold the coach steady in the air wave without obeying my father. “Dad…you …”
“Get us closer, Persia.”
I gasp in alarm. “Dad, you have become a boggart.”
He continues to fire out his deadly fairy ray at another duchess horse, killing the another horse and rider, laughing at the exploding ball of pale green and dark brown colored flames. He laughs out loud and displays a set of long fanged yellow colored teeth, hissing like a snake. “I know that. I am very proud to be part of the fairy lore. I am a true fairy prince now. You will become true too, honey. Speed the coach faster ahead, after each fleeing steed, fairy princess Persia.”
I continue to sit and stare at my morphed father and look away, rubbing her my gem stone with a sad face, moving our family coach forward, sobbing with my tears of fear and sadness at the Second Fairy War and its war victims.
Teen Walcott continue to fly on top of his draft horse and guides the horse with his kneecaps as a talented fairy cowboy, raising both of his arms in the air, smiling at Kuelle. The horse sails towards the family coach with Kuelle. He laughs into his gem stone only to Kuelle. “Jump through the rooftop opening and up into my arms, my precious fairy princess Kuelle. Then we’ll fly away from here and we’ll be together foreverly here within Fairyland, without death, doom, and destruction, my love.”
Inside the driver’s seat, Kuelle swiftly retracts her lilac colored fairy wave back into her throat choker with a soft pop as her family coach falls sideways without fairy driver control.
Her two parents wobble side to side in each seat without wearing any type of seat webbing. They scream out loud and grab one of the upright frames on coach.
Inside the driver’s seat, Kuelle swiftly stands on the seat and grabs the rooftop frame with both of her hands, extending her arm through the opening, seeing Walcott. She waves her hand yells with a smile at her boyfriend.
Inside the front passenger seat, Persia’s dad/boggart leans forwards and aims his arm through the front wind shield with a low growl, shooting out his light brown deadly fairy ray at teen Walcott.
Walcott becomes hit in his chest as and his tall body quickly burns with a tiny dark brown colored fireball, grabbing his burning heart, slumping down both of his shoulders and his face into death.
 Persia’s dad/boggart discharges a second light brown ray from his skeleton wrist at the draft horse. The horse beautifully explodes into a heap of red and yellow colored fire, carrying the dead body of Walcott with it into a final pile of blue and green colored flames that slowly drifts through the yellow tinted sunlight.
On top of the driver’s seat, teen Kuelle gasps in alarm and scans the direction from the light brown fairy ray and spots the murderer of her love, touching her lilac gem stone inside her golden choker with a sneer, rocking out her lilac colored firing ray at Persia’s dad/boggart.
Inside the driver’s seat, I turn and watch my school friend Kuelle and gasp in shock. “Daddy!” I swing around and scream out loud in sadness and fear.
“I love you, Persia!” Persia’s dad/boggart become hit and swiftly burns within a lilac colored fireball, slowly melting the fireball into a puddle of lilac goo that slides down onto the coach’s floor.
I gasp with shock and sobs with my sad tears. “It is so true.”
On top of the driver’s seat, sixteen years old, fairy girl Kuelle quickly morphs from her pretty peach skin into the terrible peeling brown skin tissue. Her long hair becomes bright orange hue. Two blood red horns quickly protrudes out from her forehead. Her back spine displays four flapping puke green colored fairy wings and her mouth shows a four yellow tinted fangs.
She sneers at Persia and reaches for her lilac gem stone again.
Inside the rear seat, Persia’s mom growls with her deep animal sound and aims, firing out her apricot colored fairy ray at the new boggart Kuelle.
Boggart Kuelle catches fire in apricot color and slaps both of her crooked skeleton hands over her burning boggart body, screaming out loud in pain, sliding through the window. She tumbles down and lands in the ocean water in death.
I gasp with shock and smell the burning hairs from the boggart. But the burning body of Kuelle had splashed down into death inside the pretty blue greenish water. I release my gem stone in fear as our coach falls down through the air and descends down towards the ocean water too.
In the rear bench seat, Persia’s mom sneers at the approaching line of winged steeds. “Stir the coach upwards, Persia! Go forward towards the line of draft horses. I can’t kill this far from the enemy.”
I reach down and tap my gem stone with my finger, halting our falling coach in the air. I touch my nose and smell a familiar tart odor, looking back over my collar bone with a scream, “Mama!” I gasp in sadness. “You are a boggart too. Daddy was a boggart also. and Kuelle become a boggart too.”
Persia’s mom/boggart ticks her tongue and mouth drools with a growl, staring at the line of winged beasties. “Kuelle killed your dad. She had to die. Move us closer to the line of enemy half-breeds, Persia. So, I can kill them and finish the fairy war. We are still a fairy family, even without your father.”
A scarlet colored deadly fairy beam hits the rooftop on our coach, sending an array of burning fiery sparks over my tiara. I duck down my head and my shoulders underneath the dashboard, tapping on my gem stone, moving the coach forward.
A fuchsia colored firing ray enters the front window and hits Persia’s mom as she glows in a fuchsia color of fire.
Underneath the dashboard, I hear the low growling and then a single moan, slowly raise my tiara and my eyeballs, looking back into the rears seat.
My mom/boggart slowly melts down into a pile of fuchsia colored goo over the rear seat and then down onto the floor of my coach. Then, the heated fuchsia goo slides towards closed door, burning the golden door frame into fire, sending the pile of good down into the ocean waters.
I sob with my sad tears, “Mama!”
A taupe brown tined fairy ray hits the nose of my coach. My coach drops down from the row and rolls out of control through the air waves from the violent wave impact.
I sob with my sad tears and relive the mental horrors. 
Both of my parents are dead. Kuelle is dead. Walcott is dead too.
My injury coach wobbles side to side and avoids the other hovering coaches and each deadly firing rays. I slap the gem stone and halt the coach on the fourth row of burning or attacking coaches.
My blurry tears view numerous empty spaces within the row coming from missing or burnt family coaches within the fourth row. Each fairy coach has been destroyed by a flying half-breed on a winged beastie and has dropped down into a death act inside the deep ocean waters.
My blurry tears view each colorful protection shield on every surviving fairy coach. Then two separate firing rays shoot out from another coach missing or hitting a winged steed.
The live winged steed with the fairy rider advances closer. 
The dead winged steed and fairy rider bursts into a flame of vivid colors and then falls down into a final death inside the ocean water.
Within the fourth row, sixteen years old, fairy guy Molfalso holds his gem stone without rubbing or tapping the rock while maneuvering his family coach as the driver. The coach displays his mom, his dad, his older adopted sister, and his baby brother coming from his two aunts within Molfalso’s fairy family.
In the front passenger seat, Molfalso’s mom sits on the leather and fires out her beige tinted deadly fairy ray at one of approaching draft horses, mostly missing the target as she is too far. She stares at the target and sneers at Molfalso. “Move us closer, right now, son!”
Molfalso continue to stare down at his gem stone not obeying his mom.
Molfalso’s father leans out the windowless side door in the rear seat, firing out his red tinted fairy ray at the flying duchess horse, missing again. He exhales with annoyance. “I can’t hit anything from the far distance. Move us into the fight, son.”
Molfalso female cousin leans down into the neckline on Molfalso with a growl from in the rear bench. “I wanna drive the coach. I’m older. Molfalso is too young. Move the coach ahead and closer to the line of nasty half-breeds, Molfalso. I can’t hit and kill any dang half-breed from this great distance, boy. The other teens are having some type of fun killing time, but me,” she leans sideways into the side window frame and fires out her orange colored fairy ray, missing the approaching duchess horse and rider.
“Molfalso,” Zann speaks into her pink colored gem stone exclusively to Molfalso. “I’m coming your way. Don’t shoot me.”
Inside the driver’s seat, Molfalso gasps in shock and looks up with a worried brow, scanning the pale blue sky. The skyline is filled with numerous soaring colored fairy firing rays, exploding piles from a winged steed and a fairy ride, and the advancing rows of black and white winged steeds. Then he spots Zann with worry.
Her face leans down and eats white colored sweaty mane on her flying and unharmed duchess horse for her fairy cover and protection, gliding side to side between each fairy flying firing ray towards his family coach. She fires out her pink tinted fairy ray once in a while and bends back an attacking fairy ray from her body and her flying winged steed with perfect accuracy and a low growl of annoyance.
Molfalso understands. Zann can’t penetrate the protection shield fairy wave on his coach which is an ugly color of creepy yellow that guards the exterior metal. So, he slaps his gem stone and spins his coach upside down.
His two parents and the cousin female gasp in shock, falling down towards the rooftop with the hole and misses the opening, sitting down on the smooth metal with dizziness and confusion. 
Molfalso halts the spinning coach and retracts back his crimson colored fairy wave. His crimson wave sucks from the creepy yellow protection shield on the driver’s side back into his gem stone, tossing off red and blue sparks in his face and in the face of each one of his family members.
His family members scream out loud in pain and growl with fury.
Molfalso feels dizzy and happy. The pair of black wings on a healthy duchess horse continues to flap and as the horse hovers in front of Molfalso’s coach.
Zann smiles and motions with her free hand at Molfalso to jump on the flapping horse with her. Molfalso sees Zann and shoots out his crimson colored fairy wave, ripping off the driver’s door from the coach.
Zann drops down underneath his coach. Molfalso scoots off the seat and flies without a fairy wave down through the air wave within the morning sky.
Molfalso’s mom leans down into the rooftop opening with a sneer and shoots out her beige colored killing firing ray through the opening, missing Molfalso. Her wave hits the family coach on the fifth row that wears a red tinted protection shield. The other fairy coach explodes into a large ball of green and gray fire burning and killing all the fairy occupants.
Inside my family coach, I turn in time and gasp with shock at the ugly revenge coming from Molfalso’s mom, whispering for my eardrums only. “She tried to kill her son.” I frown with fury. “I should kill Molfalso as a human traitor to the fairies, the fairy queen, and the fairy war.”
Molfalso flies through the air and finally lands down behind Zann’s back spine on top of her duchess horse, wrapping both of his arms around her waistline, kissing her sweaty cheekbone.
Zann giggles with love and kicks the stomach on her winged horse, turning from the row of burning coaches, flying away from Molfalso’s family coach, Molfalso’s family, and the fairy war.
I gasp with shock and whisper. “Molfalso is leaving the fairy war on top of a duchess horse with his girlfriend Zann, a half-breed. Ugh! He is a traitor to his fairy family and the fairy war and the fairy queen. Zann has rescued him from the fairy war also.”
A plum colored firing ray hits the nose grill on Molfalso’s family coach. The coach slides sideways and then halts in the air.
Molfalso’s mom had previously morphed into a boggart with a tone of brown tinted skin, a head of orange colored hair, a set of red horns on her forehead, and a pair of green tinted fairy wings on her back spine.
She climbs out from the front passenger seat and hugs the windowless door frame, spitting out a tongue of mouth drool, shooting out her beige tinted fairy ray at one of the flying draft horses. Both the rider and the horse explode into a flame of dark blue and silver tones of color. She laughs with a tongue of mouth drool.
A scarlet colored ray hits Molfalso’s dad. He flames up in a fireball of scarlet colors, burning in his face, tumbling down over the rooftop floor. His puddle of scarlet colored goo hugs thee opening in the rooftop on an upside down coach slowly dripping down through the air and eventually plummets down into the ocean waters.
A light pink blush tinted ray hits the Molfalso’s family coach. The coach catches fires and spins in twirls out of control, swiftly dropping down towards cold waters within the ocean waters holding Molfalso’s dead father, his live boggart mom, his live adopted older sister, and his live adopted baby brother that tumble through the air inside the whirling interior walls of the coach.
I gasp with shock and rub my gem stone, gliding my coach out from the firing fairy ray pathway. My coach slides to the side. I spin the nose grill and face the south direction, viewing the side wall on the fairy fort and the rows of colorful wave huts with each surviving fairy family.
 I slam my gem stone. My coach races away from the rows of hovering fairy coaches, the lines of flying winged steeds, and each sailing fairy ray. I race towards nothing and view miles and miles of deep blue tinted ocean water, lifting my hand from the gem stone with a gasp of worry.
My coach halts and hovers air-borne over the calm ocean waters within the light breeze and blazing bright sunlight of a new morning with a day of fighting.
I wipe my sad tears and sob with defeat and loss, whispering of depression and unhappiness, staring down at the steering wheel on the coach. “I don’t feel anything. I don’t know what to do. I don’t have anyone anymore to talk, hug, and kiss.” I drop my wet face down into my palms sobbing with my sad tears and then whisper. “Britton!” I look up and smile at the rooftop on the fairy fort, seeing the battle action. “Yes, I can rescue Britton. Yes. Yes. Yes. Then he and I can flee from the heated deadly fairy war like young couple Molfalso and Zann and we live in peace and harmony here within Fairyland. Yes. Yes. Yes. We can leave the fairy war and all the fairy deaths behind too.”
I slam my gem stone with my hand and swiftly fly my coach across the pale blue sky towards the fairy fort with a smile, looking back over my collar bone with a sad face. 
The original nine rows with an individual fairy family coaches now present three semi-crooked rows of golden tinted coaches as the remaining three rows appear in beautifully color with an intact family protection fairy shield and continue to fire out numerous colorful fairy rays at each advancing line with a black or white winged steed. The dueling color rays flash back and forth in an array of pretty zigzag, up and down and sideway patterns.
Then a big fireball of green, red, blue, pink, yellow, and orange colors explodes representing several burnt fairy coaches or many sets exploding horse and rider.
I return back and exhale with a puff of fear, whispering for my eardrums only, flying towards the fairy fort. “I don’t wanna die. I don’t wanna die. I wanna live. I wanna live. I wanna be happy with Britton.”


06:02 a.m.
Fairy Fort
Hot temperatures with bright sunshine 


I fly low over the calm ocean water out of targeted fairy wave range as the ocean waves hit upwards and enter through each open window, flopping inside, drowning the floor.
I don’t care. I want out from the fairy war. I continue to fly and steer towards the non-fighting side on the fairy fort.
On the sandy beach, six lines of standing ding-ding horse are almost intact at the shoreline, except for the sixty percent missing brave and unlucky herd of fairy riders. Each horse riders continue to shoot out a fairy wave and beautifully fires up the skyline keeping each winged steed from diving down and attacking any side of the fairy fort.
The fairy fort possesses one entrance.
Each flying winged steed takes aim and shoots out their fairy wave, killing some of the ding-ding horses but misses also as the beastie is too high in the skyline.
The long side on the rectangle-shaped fairy fort faces the sandy beach and waves of ocean water displaying a flattened rooftop, holding each fairy wave hut with a colorful protection shield.
The southern landscape behind the fairy fort building contains only flat white tinted sand grains and calm splashing ocean waves that hit the beach without another structure or a grove of shade trees.
The western landscape on the other side of fairy fort displays rows of gray tinted limestone colored mill houses which are used to prepare and cook the food items for each fairy family here within Fairyland.
Each fairy family within a wave hut on each semi-crooked rows is performing a very poor war job at protecting the fairy’s rooftop and shooting out their individual deadly firing rays at each attacking winged steed with rider. Each hut is deterring or miffing off each half-breed from attacking and taking control of the fort but the warriors have lost eighty percent of the pretty colorful wave huts that holds a single fairy family unit.
I don’t see the fairy queen on top of the rooftop either.
The rising sunlight hits the fairy fort building and makes each half-ball dance in a creepy yellow hue. 
The southern and western wall corners below on the fairy fort building are empty and devoid with a wave hut unlike before.
I gasp in alarm. Each accurate fairy ray from a talented half-breed has killed and then eliminated eighty percent of the wave huts. The huts stood higher in the air than the flat sand grains, creating a perfect target for a downward flying fairy ray.
Inside the driver’s seat, I frown with sadness. “War is awful and permanent. I want outta of her. I wanna find Britton and leave the fairy war, finally and permanently.”
I sail low across the white sands and sneak the coach around the southern landscape on the fort, without landing. Then I stop the coach mid-air and slowly steer the coach’s rooftop and perform a peek-a-boo with the nose as it and I view the rooftop setting.
Each surviving colorful wave huts faces the eastern sunlight or the northern direction over the manicured grass and groves of trees.
The fairy queen stands in the middle of the fairy wave huts, flinging both of her crooked arms around the air, mouth spitting down into her black tinted gem stone wand tip. “Charge and slaughter the half-breeds!”
I can hear her vile words from my gem stone and exhale with annoyance. I look up and see the blue sky with stationary lines of white and black flapping wings. Each winged steed is too far away to become killed by a single or multiple flying firing rays from the wave hut or a rider on top of a ding-ding horse. As a matter of fact, the semi-crooked rows of slowly diminishing fairy family coaches are still fighting with some of the paired winged steed and fairy rider.
On the rear wall, I slowly steer my coach upwards and then land down, parking on the edge of the rooftop, killing nothing, but air. Only a fairy flies a coach, so no other fairy will fire at me.
The rooftop activity suddenly has erupted into multiple arrays of colorful fairy waves occurring on the opposite side of me. The northern landscape in front the fort fires displays a series of flying firing rays along with a series of loud shouts coming from each open mouth on a fighting fairy that flows through each gem stone.
I gasp with shock at the violent scene and slide out from the coach’s seat, dashing ahead and stop, standing slightly behind the nearest fairy protection hut, seeing the commotion with my pair of enhanced fairy eyeballs.
On the northern landscape, miles from the entrance of the fairy fort, three semi-crooked rows of colorful unicorns swiftly gallop across the empty sands coming from the grove of shade trees.
My bestest friend Yachel and her boyfriend Stad ride side by side on top of an individual unicorn, shouting out loud, shooting out fairy ray that does not reach any enemy.
I follow the pathway of each firing ray that strikes at numerous wave huts on the rooftop. Each fairy hut protection shield disintegrates and exposes the fairy family.
One fairy blasts his flying firing ray at the running unicorn and kills the innocent beastie then a second ray kills the unicorn rider. Then, the fairy becomes an ugly brown colored boggart.
I gasp in alarm and cover my mouth in horror, slowly back stepping from each smelly, growling, and mouth drooling boggart, scanning the rooftop for my boyfriend Britton, without seeing him.
The fairy queen shouts into her black gem stone on her fairy wand for all eardrums. “Charge and slaughter the half-breeds.”
On the sands, in front of the calm ocean waters, fairy leader Thurbet turns with a gasp and spots the rows of charging unicorns, shouting into his gem stone. “Turn away from the ocean waters! Fight the advancing and nasty unicorn riders! They are the gang of nasty half-breeds. Charge! Kill!” He aims and fires out his lavender colored deadly fairy ray at the first unicorn and rider on the first row. The unicorn and rider become hit, swiftly burn in lavender colors, and explode into a pile of pretty yellow and pink ashes.
He shouts out and then coughs while morphing into a short brown colored boggart for killing the two innocent life forms. He races ahead on top of his ding-ding horse to greet and meet the line of running unicorns, firing out another lavender colored fairy ray again.
Each rider on top of a ding-ding horse spins around with a shout and gallops towards the line of running unicorns, firing out a fairy ray, missing or killing a unicorn or the rider. Then each killing fairy quickly morphs into a brown colored boggart too.
On the rooftop, I continue to stand behind an active wave hut and gasp with shock at the terrible scene.
Each fighting boggart also flames into a colorful pile of ashes and then dies from a single or series of colorful firing rays from one or more half-breeds too.
A white colored unicorn dies into a pretty color of blue and red ashes along with its half-breed rider.
I hug my body and sob with my sad tears and a whisper, “Britton. Britton…” I scan each fairy and seek Britton, locating his body.
Britton rests on his stomach on the rooftop and fires out his dark blue tinted fairy ray, missing each time one of the unicorns or riders.
I laugh with relief. Britton is a lousy fairy warrior and has not morphed into an ugly boggart but is still a cute fairy boy. I dash ahead and wave my arms in the air towards Britton, yelling into my gem stone. “Britton! Britton! It’s me, Persia. It’s me, Persia. Britton, stop firing out your fairy wave. It is all true. I have seen it. You’ll become an ugly brown colored boggart too. The four fairy godmothers were telling us the truth. It’s all true. Stop! Halt! Stand up! Get away …”
On top of the rooftop, Britton hits on one of the unicorn running legs with his dark blue tinted deadly fairy ray. The unicorn falls down in the sand and burns up in a pile of maroon and gold fire. The fairy rider tumbles over the side and lands down in the sand with confusion.
Britton aims and fires out a second dark blue fairy wave, hitting the fairy into death, slowly standing upright from the tiles with a loud cheer. He tosses both arm in the air and yells out his victory. “I did it. I killed my first half-breed.” He laughs out loud and then coughs, grabbing his chest, spinning in a circle. When he stops, his body displays a tone of dark brown peeling skin, a head of bright orange colored hair, a set of red horns from his forehead, a pair of green tined wings from his back spine and finally a set of fangs in yellow hue inside his open mouth. He tosses up both of his arms in the air and laughs with happiness.
I stop with a gasp of shock and stand not too close to Britton, shouting out loud in horror. “Britton, you…you have turned into a boggart like…like the fairy queen.”
Britton swings around and drools from his tongue, smirking with a growl at Persia, slamming his chest with a nod. “I am now a true fairy prince. however, you have not turned into a true fairy princess, Persia,” he extends a brown colored skeleton hand towards her with a crooked smile of yellow teeth. “Give me your hand, honey! I’ll help you kill a half-breed …”
“No!” I gasp in shock and swiftly back step from Britton shaking my curls, my tiara, and my hands. “No! No! I don’t wanna …”
I swing around with a fright and quickly race back to my stationary coach on the opposite end of the rooftop, jumping sideways from each ugly boggart and attacking fairy ray from a winged steed with a half-breed rider. I quickly approach my coach and slide down into the driver’s seat, looking to see Britton. He leads a few boggarts and chases after me.
I slam my gem stone and lift my coach up from the rooftop and into the air, flying away from Britton and the other boggarts, steering back towards the ocean water for my safety.
One fairy shouts into his gem stone and points at the sands. “Look over here. Each unicorn rider is leaving. They’re retreating from the fairy fort and the fairy queen. Yay! We won the fairy war.”
A second fairy shouts into his gem stone. “Go and finish them off, Thurbet and your ding-ding riders.”
Each boggart on top of a horse or a fairy inside a hut stop shooting and turn to face the northern landscape on the fairy fort, sounding into each gem stone with a series of loud cheers and obnoxious laughter. Each one jumps up and down on the rooftop and over the shoreline of sand.
Inside my coach, on top of the seat, I can hear the victory screams and gasp with shock, flying over the calm ocean water, heading back into the fight.
In the skyline, three semi-crooked rows of coaches have split into two sections while continuous fighting with a split groups of winged steeds. Each coach blasts out a fairy ray at each winged steed.
Once a while, a big loud explosion from a burning horse or a flaming coach decorates the sky, falling down in a zigzag streak of pretty color, hitting the ocean water.
Inside my coach, I continue to fly towards the action and as my eyeballs scan the skyline in the far distance and view a gigantic one-hundred-foot dark blue colored tidal wave coming from the deep blue ocean waters.
The huge tidal wave is swiftly approaching at the eastern wall on the fairy fort.
I rub my gem stone and swiftly fly backwards inside my coach, sailing over the air, and hide behind the western side on the fairy fort.
The tidal wave loudly roars over the bluish-green ocean water, sucking up all the shallow water, numerous colored seashells, and each stationary ding-ding horses from the sandy shoreline. Then the wave loudly roars again and slams into the beach.
The gigantic tidal wave of ocean water drops down from the pale sky first and floods the rooftop on the fairy fort, wiping off the nasty fairy queen, each surviving fairy wave huts, every exposed fairy family, each changed boggart. Then the water slams into and washes away from each side wall a large portion of the broken, busted and weakened bumpy half-balls in beige hue.
Second, the falling wall of water loudly slurps and then hit down on the ground level, covering each ding-ding horse and their rider, sucking back with it each one down into the ocean water.
Third, the tidal wave withdraws and deposits an array of dead fairies and boggarts along with the big and small animals with black and white horse body parts, and numerous golden tinted coach frame parts across the white sand landscape.
A tidal wave is a rush of forward ocean water that flows back down into the ocean, where the water lives, not an air-breathing life form of a fairy or a beastie.
Inside the driver’s seat, I gasp with shock and continue to fly backward from the approaching monster tidal wave, the stationary fairy fort, and each dying, wiggling fairy, boggart, ding-ding horse, unicorn, and winged steed.
Now, the semi-crooked lines with an individual black or white flapping winged steed are gone along with three semi-crooked rows of fairy coaches with the fairy family. The tidal wave swiftly falls back down into the water.
The rooftop is empty. The sandy ground is covered with an assortment of ugly dead body parts from both a fairy or beastie. The fairy fort is still standing in the ugly colors of dull beige that does not gleam underneath the bright sunlight. 
The remaining running unicorns and riders are safe from the monster tidal wave, galloping in the opposite direction from the fairy fort. Some of the surviving ding-ding riders continue to chase after each surviving half-breed firing out their fairy ray and then morph into an ugly brown colored boggart with a death kill.
In the skyline, I continue to steer my coach backwards and view a delude of ugliness from the Second Fairy War as my gem stone echoes with distressed words.
“Dad, where are you? Help me, Dad! Mom, where are you? Help me, Mom!” sixteen years old, fairy guy Gable screams into his gem stone and treads the depths of the ocean water as a pair of lucky smart-hole half-breeds on top of a duchess horse hover in the air and continue to fire down at poor wet Gable.
I recognize the sissy tenor and use my fairy eyeballs, scanning the sand, the fort, and the ocean, shouting into my gem stone. “Gable, I’m coming. Hang on! Okay! Swim and bob in the water!” I tap my gem stone and sail away from the fairy fort and over ocean water towards Gable. Then I tap my gem stone a second time with a sneer and release out my magenta fairy wave, killing the air waves in-between the two half-breeds, which works perfectly.
The two half-breeds swiftly fly upwards through the air and away from a drowning Gable in the ocean, spinning around, sailing away from the fairy fort and the beach. they head back to the fairy godmother’s hideaway for safety.
In the ocean, a drowning Gable looks up and scans the sky, spotting a low flying fairy coach to the rescue, waving both of his arms. He skull drops down and drowns his face underneath the ocean water.
In the sky, I slow and hover my coach directly over a drowning Gable, slowly descending my coach, dipping my driver’s side with a burned out rear door down into the ocean of high waves.
From the water, Gable leaps up with his fairy powers and lands down on top of the floor inside the rear compartment, coughing up the sea water, panting in fear. He slowly slides upright and rest over the bench seat, still breathing from relieve. “Thanks.” He whispers out loud.
I hear the soft words inside my gem stone and exhale with worry, staring down at the rough waves. “You can thank me later, after we survive this and then party hardy with a warm mug of ale.”
I lift the coach up from the ocean waves and balance the machine in the air currents, sailing straight for the fairy fort for our protection and survival. I whisper. “I hope,” I shout into my gem stone at Gable. “I’m going to the fairy fort. It survived the tidal wave. So, it should survive the bombardment of deadly fairy rays coming from the remaining gang of half-breeds. And I saw lines of running unicorn and their half-breed riders, dashing back into the thicket of forest. I don’t wanna fly over that forest. Do you have a better plan, Gable?”
He coughs out loud and sits in the seat, looking up to see the fairy fort with a whisper. “No. That’s a good idea. I wanna live too.”


06:41 a.m.
Fairy Fort
Western side of forest setting


I fly lower over the calm ocean waters and sail towards the side wall on the fairy fort, exhaling with a puff of worry. “Ugh! That massive tidal wave did a number on the beach shoreline and the grains of sands around the fairy fort. There isn’t a parking spot anywhere for us to run and hide inside the fairy fort. The new sand dunes are drowning in standing ocean water along with decorations in ugly floating dead bodies of fairies, boggarts, and beasties. Can you see this, Gable? Do you see this, Gable?” 
“We can’t land on the sands. I don’t wanna to catch something from the contaminated waters that flow the ground either. And I don’t wanna get something caught on the coach, in case, we need a fast escape from something or someone. I can’t handle the coach holding all this heavy water and heavier bodies of dead and alive things. I’m going around towards the southern side. Are you okay, Gable?”
Gable coughs out loud and mouths spits of sea water, moaning into his gem stone. “Yeah, I swallowed too much sea water, but I’m feeling better. That tidal wave took out my …”
“I know also.” I scan the landscape. “I was there too. I’m soaring over the southern landscape on the fairy fort with more standing ocean water and floating dead bodies. The ocean water looks really deep on this side of the fort too. I don’t see the entrance point …”
“Fly around to the western landscape and view the scenery.”
“Okay.” I turn and sail around the fort building, narrowing my eyelashes at the bumpy shaped side wall. “Why does the exterior of the fort look like the interior of the throne room with all those ugly dull beige colored half-bumps?” I twist the coach towards the western blue sky and gasp in alarm. “O no! The rows and rows of mill houses are all gone or partially standing in water or are all flooded with water. Wow! The entire western landscape is flooded, as far as, my fairy eyeballs can see. And my good fairy eyeballs can see for thirty miles or more almost to the other side of the island. That gigantic tidal wave was a ferocious thing from the mother of nature or the god of water or the sister of ...”
“Persia,” he leans a wet skull over the seat and coughs with a whisper. “The southern part of the island always floods. This is why the fairy fort was located here away from the other fairy houses, an unprimed spot in Fairyland. No fool would overtake a piece of soggy sand. Fly back towards the northern side that holds the only entrance door.”
“Okay.” I turn and sail towards the front of the fort, scanning a flooded landscape also. “The entrance door is covered in water. The water level is half-way over the closed doors. Why are the doors closed?”
He giggles. “We are at war.”
I exhale with annoyance. “Yeah, we are in the air with no landing spot too. I can’t touch down on the rooftop either. Look at that! Pieces of the rooftop are literally floating up and away from the roof and into the air. On each side exterior wall, groups of half-balls are breaking apart and drifting up into the clouds like some type of weird fairy magic.”
He grins. “This magical place is the fairy fort that belongs to the fairy queen.”
“O yeah, right! I’m swinging around flying back to the western side of the fort. There were more sand dunes there on that side. We might be able to find another entrance into the fairy fort.”
He views the sky and the water from the rear seat inside the coach with a stern face. “I don’t see any flying fairy rays coming this way towards us or the fairy fort either. Each half-breed’s fairy ray is still destroying each boggart inside every fairy coach across the skyline. A boggart can explode into a lot of real really pretty ashes of pink, green, indigo, amber, aqua, maroon, red, blue and others. Then the pretty ashes drop down and land in the water. The ocean water is getting lower again. Persia, the water is being sucked up again.”
I turn and examine the western exterior wall on the fairy fort. “The bumps give me…” I gasp in alarm. “Hey! I see an opening over there on the side wall in-between some of these bumps of beige.”
He leans over the front seat and points in the northern direction. “Naw! Go to the northern side again.”
Numerous fairy firing rays appears and fall down from the skyline in the colors of plum, fuchsia, scarlet, and other gem stone colors hit the rooftop on the fairy fort. Large groups of beige and burnt half-bumpy balls slowly break off and drift up in the air, floating towards the clouds.
“Ah! Duck down behind the seat, Persia.” Gable drops down and slides over the seating, covering his skull.
I duck down behind the dashboard and view each colorful firing rays. Each beam misses my coach and hit the rooftop on the fort.
I tap my gem stone and swiftly fly backwards from the western side on the fairy fort and skim over the ocean waters, moving away from each sizzling fairy ray. “No! We got no more time here. They’re going to hit our coach with a good sizzling ray. I’m over the water on the southern landscape behind the fairy fort. We jump outta the coach and swim down in the sandy water and find that small opening within the fairy fort wall and enter for safety, Gable.” I retract my magenta fairy wave back from the floor as my coach slowly descends down towards the ocean water.
He hugs the rear seat and whispers with a worried brow. “Naw! We’re safer up here, up here in the clouds, Persia. What are you doing to the flying coach, Persia? A flying coach flies, not drops or drowns in the ocean water. I have already done that once.”
Inside my coach, in the driver’s seat, each splashing ocean wave hit the side door frames on my coach. I tap my gem stone. “The short bursts of my magenta fairy waves are keeping the coach steady in the air and away from each firing ray coming from a gem stone on each half-breed that continues to hit the rooftop for some reason.” I growl. “O! I know. Each dimwit half-breed thinks there are some fairy survivors inside the fairy fort.”
He exhales with worry and yells out loud with his natural voice. “Yes, they do survive. And we can’t survive inside a burning fort, if each mean and nasty half-breed continues to burns down every exterior wall on the fort, Persia.”
“No! We have no place to go and hide. The winged steed will outrun me and my limited teen fairy strength. We got no choice. We are here. The fort is here. Jump down into the water, Gable, now. We swim to the fort for safety. I can’t keep the coach flying foreverly. The half-breeds will see my glowing fairy wave and then turn to destroy us. I see that small opening on the side wall again. There is a small opening which is hidden in front of the sand dunes. The flood waters have not reached the hole yet.” I slide out from the driver’s seat and hug the door frame outside the coach frame, inhaling a deep breath of fresh air, jumping down through the air. I rotate both my arms with panic and hit the deep ocean water, diving down into the water, coming up. I gasp for a breath and turn around with a frown. Gable is not in the water with me.
I spin around to face the coach and slowly swim backwards towards the shoreline of sand, watching the falling coach and a panicked Gable inside.
At 06:55 a.m., in the deep water on the southern landscape, my pair of booted feet hits the sand bar as I slowly stand upright and waddle backwards through the shallow cold, salty ocean flood waters over the flat sand.
My back spine slams into the wall of bumpy half-balls on the fort, looking up with a growl and view my slowly descending fairy coach and a scared Gable. “Jump, Gable. Jump now.” I yell into my gem stone.
My coach is slowly falling down towards the sandy shoreline as my magenta burst wave disintegrates into pretty twinkles of blue and red hues.
Inside the falling coach, sixteen years old and scared fairy guy Gable reaches underneath the driver’s seat and tries to touch his fallen lime green tinted gem stone, without success, but hears the wise words coming from Persia. He slowly stands with frustration and wobbles side to side in pain, moving out through the open door frame, falling foot first down in the water. He drops underneath the water.
In front of the side bumpy wall on the fort, I fling my arm in the air and yell into my gem stone. “Good, Gable! Gable, swim! Swim to me now!”
Gable emerges from the water and breaths the air, waving both of his arms above his wet hair roots.
I wave both of my arms in the air and shout into my gem stone and with my natural voice. “Swim, Gable! Swim to the sand over here with me.”
Gable coughs out the sea water and kicks his boot toes and his palms through the flat waves towards the sandy ground. His hand hits the sand bar as he slowly stands upright from the sand and bends down at his waist.
I run ahead and grab Gable, dragging him from the water and over the sand with a whisper and a smile. “We made it. We’re almost here.” A series of fling firing rays hit the side wall and the rooftop as s large set of beige and burnt half-balls slowly part from the concrete and then drift up towards the clouds.
I drop down into the sand with Gable and a pant of fear, looking up with a smile to see the opening on the side wall. “A perfectly square shaped hole has been cut on the western wall corner on the fort. Nothing in Fairyland is perfectly shaped ever. This is so odd.” I reach over and slap Gable on his naked back spine. “Let’s go and get dried.” I slowly stand upright in the shallow water and wet sand, bending down at my waist, running ahead towards the opening. Each flying firing rays continues to bombard the side wall and the rooftop, ripping off large pods of beige and burnt half-balls that drift in the air.
Gable wears only a pair of ripped blue jeans. He had lost his black colored coordinated dress shirt, his pair of black dress shoes, and his fairy cape in the tidal wave. Now, he had left his lime green gem stone inside the coach that drowns in the ocean water.
He had been tossed from the ding-ding horse and sucked down into the water that had head back into ocean. Gable was lucky that he didn’t lose his life along with the other unfortunate fairies and boggart body pieces.
I halt and drop down in the wet sandy ground without entering the hole, seeing more darkness, feeling the cold water over my breasts and my chin. “The flood waters are slowly rising on this side of the fort and the island too. I think another tidal wave is coming. I heard the slurping of the beach water also. We gotta go inside, Gable. I don’t who or what is in there. But I don’t’ care at the moment,” I slowly crawl on my hands and my boot toes, entering the darkness.


First level floor
07:01 a.m.
Damp and cold hallway setting


I crawl through the cold water and hit a set of elevated bumpy steps, slipping and slide side to side while crawling up each slick wet step. I kneel over a smooth surface in a semi-darkness, damp, and cold cave-like room, slowly standing upright on my booted feet, wiping the water from my face and my hands with a puzzled brow.
I look down at the floor. “I see lots of flood water here sloshing over the floor too. But the ocean waves haven’t hit this far up into the wall and the sands are located in the rear of the fort. This hallway is dark and cold. This is so odd.” I wrap my arms around my body feeling the goose bumps. I dare not activate my gem stone fairy wave for fear of ambush from a half-breed inside the fairy fort.
Gable crawls through the opening and swiftly stands upright, shoving Persia towards the opposite wall that holds a long dark hallway, saying with a stern face and a serious tone. “It’s slowly flooding in here too. Get moving towards one of the upper levels within the fort for safety. It looks like a set of stairs in front of us on the opposite side of the long hallway. Let’s go up the steps to the next level before the water drowns us down here.”
I lead down a dark hallway and then halt, turning to see a wide closed door, saying with a giggle. “Hey! A big ugly non-bumpy door …”
“Move, Persia!” He shoves Persia ahead down the long hallway with a stern face and a serious tone. “We need to go up and away from the flood waters.”
I lean over and jerk on the closed door handle with a sour frown. “Ugh! This door is heavy too.” I slowly pull open the door and scan inside the dark room with a smile. “I’m searching for a surviving fairy or two. They could be hiding out like us.” I lean inside the room with a puzzled frown. “The room is very dark. But I think that I see the cages …”
“Caves, darling. Let’s get outta of here, Persia.” Gable leans over and slams her arm away from the door knob. The door swiftly closes shut. Gable scoots around Persia and leads down the same dark hallway towards a single staircase.
I turn and race behind Gable with a sneer as my boot sole hits a bump on the floor. I fall sideways against the side wall, hitting both my hands on one of the half-balls. “Ugh! Pain! Geez! This is where the row of bumpy bumps starts.”
 Gable swiftly moves and flies up the staircase on his bare feet. His toes zig zag through the flat smooth surface between each raised bump with ease.
I watch the back spine on Gable with a nod and rub my gem stone over my boots. My boots and my socks appear inside my hands. I zig zag my set of naked toes in-between the flat smooth surface too.
Gable swiftly climbs the staircase and passes a new archway.


Second level floor
07:07 a.m.
Bright lights and bumpy hallway setting


I slow my zig zag pace on top of the staircase and halt with a shout out and a confused brow, jabbing a finger at the new level. “Hey, Gable! There’s a new level here. And this level is well-lighted. These half-balls emit some type of illusion or light or something that emits light throughout the staircase and the hallway. I can see down the hallway of nothing. What is on the second or third floor inside the fairy fort? Are there five or six floors? You passed this archway. The floor has got more ugly half-balls too.”
I turn and zig zag through each raised bump, climbing up the staircase, scanning the ceiling, the floor, and the walls. “Hey! I see another level too. We should stop and ask directions to…to something.” I zig zag over each bumps toward a closed door and touch some of the half-bumps, feeling the smoothness from the ugly beige color, slowly cracking open the creepy bumpy door. I gasp. “I see large columns of sticky something in there. And there are boxes of live bees in here, too, flying around the …”
“Honey, come on!” Gable spins around and zigzags over each bump with his naked toes, reaching out, slamming the door shut with a loud thud. “We need to get to a safer place, Persia.” He reaches out and grabs Persia’s arm, pulling her away from the door. He spins around and zig-zags his naked toes in-between the flat space between each half-bump over the floor and up the staircase with ease.
I stand and sneer at his back spine, “Don’t you every call me your honey, boy! I ain’t your darling or your honey or your sweetheart or your anything, Gabbie.” I start to zig zag my naked toes between the flat space on each half-bump over the floor and head up the staircase behind Gable.  I pass another archway.


Third level floor
07:16 a.m.
Bright lights and bumpy staircase setting


I halt and stare with a confused brow into an empty hallway. “Hey, Gable! There’s another archway and a new hallway. But, it looks just like the other hallway with the weird half-bumps too. Should we go and explore this new hallway? I don’t see any fairies or movement.”
Gable swiftly zigzags his feet over each bump on the staircase with a sneer. “Come on, honey! We need to see who winning the fairy war. And find a new place to hide and live.”
“Do not call me, honey!” I sneer and start to zigzag up each bump on the well-lighted staircase.


Fourth level floor
07:25 a.m.
Bright lights and bumpy staircase setting


I slow my zigzag pace and view a new archway of bumpy half-balls and halt with a gasp, pointing to each object. “Hey! That’s where my blanket and my sleeping items and my stuff had lived and now it all lives outside here in the hallway.” I gasp in alarm. “Some fairy tried to rob me of my stuff. Fairy steal, not create. Hey! This is where I slept last night or this morning. Hey! This level floor looks like the second, third…um…fourth floors too. But, these are my blankets. Where are we going to, Gable? Do I need to bring my sleeping gear?”
Gable continue to zigzag his naked toes through the numerous half-bumps over the staircase with a sneer. “Come on, Persia.”
I frown and start to zigzag over each bump, climbing up the staircase, following Gable. “Okay! Fine!”


Top level floor
Throne Room
07:36 a.m.
Hot temperatures with bright sunshine
  with 9 miles-per-hour winds
   and 110 percent humidity at 111°F


I zigzag up the creepy bumps that continue to decorate the single staircase and hit more bumps with the side of my toes or the bottom of my sole, missing the flat surface, sometimes. My mistake slips and the slides my body side to side. I do not want to ignite my fairy wave, surprising anyone else, if he or she happens to be a half-breed, who wanders inside the fairy fort.
However, lots of the fairies and boggarts are dead based on the numerous killing fairy rays and the single killing tidal wave. But, the fairies turned boggarts will continue to fight and kill each half-breed, until the end of death or the end of time or the next sunrise.
I don’t know who is winning the fairy war. To me, everyone has lost the Second Fairy War.
My parents are dead. Gable’s parents are dead. Britton is dead. The fairy queen is dead. Kuelle and her parents are dead. Walcott is dead, maybe, his parents have died too.
I don’t know the fate of my bestest friend Yachel on top of her unicorn, either.
Inside the foyer setting, a double wide throne room doors are opened.
Gable enters through the throne room door first. The door slowly closes.
I stretch out both arms and slam into the closed door with a puff of exhaustion, slowly jerking open a heavy door with the creepy bumps. The throne room is decorated in a set of four walls of dull beige creepy bumps also. I enter the room with a puzzled brow. “This is the thorny room. We’re back where we started. Is that good or bad, Gabbie?” I giggle with silly humor during the Second Fairy War, sliding my naked toes over a smooth wooden floor. “The floor is smooth and wet.” I look up and view the rooftop. “The rooftop is open and dry. I don’t see any rain drops from a thunder storm.”
“The falling water came from the gigantic tidal wave that almost killed me. The tidal wave had slurped back into the ocean. The sun is out evaporating some of the ocean water.” Gable slides into the side wall on the ocean side within the room and squats down on top of the smooth wooden floor, peeking his single eyeball through one of the many broken holes, “I see…”
The throne room shakes with loud rumbling noises.
I fall down on the floor and land on my kneecaps and my palms. The rooftop cracks further open and emits a wall of water. I drop my face down onto the floor and cover my tiara and my hair roots. The water is cold salty, coming from the ocean.
Apella appears and falls down from the cracked rooftop, rolling over the wooden floor, landing down on her face.
On the wet floor, I look up and gasp with shock, slowly crawling over the floor towards Apella with worry. “Are you hurt, Apella?”
Apella slowly stands on her kneecaps and coughs out water with a whisper. “I’m okay. But, the rest of the fairies are …”
“Hurt?” I look up and stare at the torn holes within the rooftop. “Fifty to sixty percent of the roof is missing or damaged. Are the other fairies hurting too? They can stay down inside one of the lowers levels without flood water for protection until my…help comes.”
Apella sits down in a pool of water and touches her cut leg with a worried brow. “They are not harmed. They are killed by some of the half-breeds. They are…were boggarts. They are all dead now. They got killed by lots of half-breeds and that tidal wave and the ...”
On the side wall, Gable continue to kneel and views the peek hole, yelling with worry. “They’re coming.”
“What’s coming? Who’s coming for us?” I stand and dash ahead, sliding down beside Gable, looking through another peek hole within the wall. I gasp in fear. “Three rows of half-breeds on top of a healthy and flapping winged steed are fighting with two remaining rows of fairy coaches and winning really good. How’s this possible? I thought we were winning the fairy war.” I stand and spin around, scanning the room with a puzzled brow. “What’s happening? The walls…walls are disintegrating. The ugly decorations are falling off the walls and then ascending up into the blue skies. This is so odd. Do the half-breeds possess some type of new fairy weapon from the four powerful fairy godmother? What is going on here inside the throne room?” I slide to the left away from a set of falling rooftop decorations.
Gable peeks over the broken wall on the ocean side within the throne room. “There is no such fairy weapon from the four godmothers, only our gem stone that comes from the fairy queen.” The rooftop implodes inside coming from a citric yellow tinted flying firing ray.
Apella and I scream out loud and drop down on the floor and in the water saving our tiara. The set of fierce fairy rays create a new hole on the rooftop, flooding their hair roots with still ocean water.
On the side wall, Gable stands upright on the floor and peek over the broken wall, screaming out loud, falling backward on the floor. He rolls into a ball and lands on his fanny. He shakes his wet skull and grabs his face.
I look to see a curled Gable and slowly stand in the water with a confused brow, moving ahead, squatting beside him with worry. “What happened to you, Gable? Are you harmed? You don’t look hurt. But each wall is hurt and hurting. The walls are vanishing. They’re disintegrating in here. But, why? The ocean water must be affecting them.” I stand upright from Gable and spin around, scanning each dissolving material on the famed fairy fart with annoyance and worry. “The fairy fort is one-fourth of the way gone. So, why is the group of half-breeds still attacking us and the fairy fort?”
Gable sits upright on his fanny and wipes the water from his face with a sour frown. “Let’s see. We are fairies, foreverly. We are standing in a fairy fort, not too long. They are not fairies, foreverly. They are not living here inside a fairy fort ever.” 
Apella stands upright from the floor and fakes a smile with a nod. “So, we fight a half-breed and then become a boggart like our parents. Or we stay here and drown from another huge tidal wave. Or we surrender and then die by one of the sizzling fairy waves from a mean and uncaring old half-breed. Okay! So, which one do you wanna do?” She exhales with a puff of dread.
“I wanna live.” I move around the floor and kick the water with my bare feet, feeling sad and depressed right, before finally dying. I miss my parents. I miss my fairy friends. I miss my bestest friend Yachel too.
“I want my mama.” Gable slaps the water and sobs with his sad tears of defeat.
Apella sobs with her sad tears. “The fairy queen is dead.”
I twirl around the room with a puzzled brow. “How do you know that, Apella?” I gasp in alarm. “This wall decoration isn’t a half-shaped ball. This wall decoration is really three-fourth of a whole ball.” I giggle with a smile. “How do you get three-fourths of a ball from a whole ball?” I kick the partial ball away from my foot and then squat down, picking up the half-ball. The ugly dull beige half-ball magical floats in the air from my palm slowly rising up toward the opening that leads into the white clouds. I gasp in shock and watch the half-ball fly in the air, pointing at the object. “There! That! There is something magic about the balls. But I can’t figure it out.”
Apella sit down and sobs with her sad tears, thinking about her parents and the fairy queen and her home world.
Each sizzling fairy ray slams down into the fairy fort and then shakes each solid wall and the rock foundation, heating the structure with hotness. The heat of the fairy ray cooks each walls too. Then the wall steams in a puff of white smoke breaking up more of the half-balls from the rooftop and the four walls.
Apella screams from the trebling noise and slaps the water with her hands. “The fairy fort is her palace, her protection. She has lived here for centuries. It is her home like my home. My home has been destroyed too. The gang of nasty half-breeds have burnt my house down into the ground too. I have lost everything. My bed, my dresses, my …”
Gable sits on the floor and continue to sob, “This is her home, her protection for centuries. And I have lost my home and my parents too.”
I continue to walk around the floor and study Gable and Apella, nodding with a smile, “Yep! We’re all going to die painfully.”
Gable slaps the water with a stern face and a serious tone. “I don’t wanna die. I don’t wanna be a boggart.”
A new array of sizzling firing rays hits the rooftop causing a wall of water to splash over the broken wall, drowning each fairy inside the throne room.
I halt in place and wipe the salty water from my face and my tiara, looking up, viewing the sky. I look down and view a pool of water over my naked toes, moving ahead towards Apella, squatting down with a confused brow. “I don’t understand. What is happening here at the fairy fort? I thought the infamous fairy fort was impenetrable …”
“Like a fairy, too, isn’t that right, Apella? Wrong!” Gable crawls over the water towards the side wall and stops on his kneecaps, looking through a new peek hole within the disintegrating wall, viewing each sizzling fairy ray. He gasps with a worried brow. “The line of winged steeds are slowly attacking and destroying the remaining fairy coaches, that once hovered over the water, Persia.”
I frown at the slime on Apella’s body. “You’re covered in sticky stuff. Why are you covered in sticky stuff, Apella? Are you injured with something harmful on your fairy body?”
Gable continues to peek through the hole on the ocean side of the throne room, “Honey.”
I reach out and touch, pulling a thick strand of honey from her naked arm. “Yuck! Why…why are you covered in honey, honey?” I laugh from amusement of the dangerous situation, where I might die within seconds.
Gable continues to peek through the hole with a worried brow. “Tell her, Apella, honey!”
“Honey comes from a honeycomb, honey,” Apella exhales with worry and stares down at the puddle of water on the floor.
I wipe my face with a puzzled brow. “Wait! I saw some cages …”
“Caves,” Gable moans and continues to stare into the peek hole.
I swiftly stand upright from the floor and stomp my naked foot, splashing water over Apella and my dirty jeans. “No! I truly saw the honeycombs on the second floor. Didn’t I see a row of honeycomb boxes on the second floor, Apella?”
Apella swiftly stands with a growl and wipes the water from her face and her arms, spinning around to face Persia. “Do you tromp your dirty boots through the fairy queen’s fort? You’re not the fairy queen here.”
I laugh with a nod. “Yeah, I’m not a fairy queen. I’m a miffed teen fairy, who’s about to die from some half human and half fairy creation, that is more miffed off than me. Since, the fairy queen tried, trialed, and didn’t murder each one of the half-breeds in cold blood. I saw an iron cage with a set of bars like the cage was holding something on one of the lower levels. Why is there a set of cages here inside the fairy fort, Apella?”
Gable sidesteps and looks through a new peek hole on the ocean side within, saying with a worried brow. “The line of winged steeds has destroyed two more fairy coaches that burn and fall down into the ocean waters, Persia.”
I exhale with annoyance and stare at Apella. “Thanks, Gable.”
Apella sobs with her sad tears and looks down at each one of her wound skin cuts. “I don’t know. Why are my parents dead? My parents turned into a pair of ugly boggarts…like the fairy queen. I saw it.”
“Me, too,” Gable looks through the new peek hole from the disintegrating wall on the ocean side of the throne room with a worried brow.
I exhale, “Me, three. Why are you wearing honey on your body, Apella? Why? Why?”
Apella looks up and twirls in a completed circle, leaning over, licking off the honey from her forearm. She looks up and smiles at Persia. “The honey, it can save us from the half-breeds. We toss the honey on each human. Then each human will turn into a brownie. Isn’t that right, Gable? Yes, that is right, Persia. Then I can kill a brownie with my hands. Isn’t that right, Gable. Yes, that’s right, Persia.”
I gasp in alarm and raise both my arms in the air, shaking my entire body side to side. “Wrong! Wrong! Wrong! There are no humans located here within Fairyland, only fairies and half-fairies and half wits and half dead beasties. Get a grip on reality of dying here inside the fairy fort, fairy princess Apella! We don’t have a chance in Fairyland anymore.”
Apella looks down with a sour frown and views her boot toes. “The beveled half balls are really skulls.”
I drop my arms and gasp in shock, turning to see a partial wall of half-bumpy balls, “Really! Is each beveled half ball on the wall really is a dead fairy skull? Ugh! That’s really sick and mentally disturbing and de-turding inside my mental mind,” I laugh with amusement.
Apella looks up from the floor with a sour frown and points at the side wall, “Each beveled half ball is really a human skull.”
“Of course not, it is not,” I toss my arms in the air again and twirl in a completed circle with a perturbed brow, stopping in front of Apella again. “No! There is not a single human which is located here on our home island. I had visited one of the mill houses, last night, before the school fireball. The group of working brownies were not there, but home asleep or dead or something.”
Apella nods. “The fairy queen is dead. This is reason for the disintegrating walls. The half-balls are embedded into each wall. The half-balls, making up the walls, the ceiling, the floors, the archways, the doors, and the throne chair, are not balls. They are skulls.”
I kneel down, not touching one of the loose half-balls with my fingers. “Then each half-ball is really a half skull from a fairy.”
Apella exhales. “No, stupid fairy princess Persia! Each half-ball is the skull from a child, who came from the human world. The fairy queen had kidnapped the babies, who had been orphaned. Nobody wanted them. Nobody loved them. She loved them all. When they died, she gobbled up each one of the child’s life form, before the child ascended up into heaven, making her a powerful fairy queen.”
I frown to Apella. “That sick event had made her a truly evil entity. So, you had played along with this, too, Apella.”
Apella rings her hands and sobs with her tears. “I found out. I found out the truth right before the war. My parents told me. Then the first fairy wave from the first half-breed hit the rooftop. Then, my mom fired back at the nasty half-breed. Then my mom turned into an ugly brown colored nasty boggart and…”
“Then you ran away,” Gable sidesteps and looks through a new peek hole from the disintegrating wall.
“Yes.” Apella looks down and stares at the wet floor.
I reach out and slap her arm with a nod and a grin. “Don’t sweat it, Apella. I did, too. I don’t wanna be a boggart, either. I wanna live and be a fairy, if possible.”
Apella looks up and nods to Persia. “The brownies are really the humans, who had been taken from the human world by the fairy queen for centuries and centuries and centuries. The brownies are the slaves to each fairy. I wear honey to protect myself from every mouth drooling and ugly boggart. A fairy turns into boggart, who is drooling, snarling, growling, mean …”
“The line of winged steeds has destroyed three more fairy coaches, Persia.” Gable sidesteps and looks through a new peek hole from the disintegrating wall on the ocean side of the throne room.
I shake my curls and turn to see the back spine on Gable, growling at his body. “Did you know all of this, too, Gable?”
“Do I really have to answer that, Apella?” Gable sidesteps and looks through a new peek hole from the disintegrating wall on the ocean side of the throne room.
I return back and kick the flood water over the floor, raising both of my arms in the air with a sour frown. “Ugh! No one tells me stuff. I saw honeycombs and the honeybees and the boggarts and the dying brownies. What else is new here in Fairyland?” 
Gable sidesteps and looks through a new peek hole from the disintegrating wall of human skulls inside the throne. “The new thing, here and now, each winged steed has birthed a new creature…”
“What!” I spin around and gasp at Gable.
He laughs and describes the outside battle, seeing through the peek hole. “Well, each half-breed rider has jumped off their precious winged steed, and has flown through the air like magic, and landed down on the rooftop of a true fairy coach. Now, each half-breed rider has killed the true fairy family as each falling, screaming body hits the ocean waters in death. Each half-breed and his hairy buddies have taken control of that empty dead fairy family’s coach. Each flapping winged steed is running away from the battle, which I can’t do. So, some of the brave and smarter half-breeds are steering their family fairy coach and destroying each true family fairy coach, which is making a great plume of pretty colored explosion in the air waves, above the water, Persia.”
“Why do you only tell her the glorious fairy tale, Gabbie?” Apella spins around and sneers at the back spine on Gable.
I whip my gem stone and roll over my wet body, drying my clothes for the new fairy battle. “Include Apella in your next story telling, Gable. However, we got no choice now. We gotta go and defense ourselves within this fairy war out there in the heated weather element from each flying and sizzling firing ray from a half-breed. Or we all get killed in here from falling and flying rooftop and building debris. The fairy fort is gonna be no more.”
Apella fakes a smile with a nod. “We should die like fairies.”
I frown. “We should die like a boggart.”
Gable frowns at the peek-a-boo hole. “I don’t wanna be a boggart.”
I exhale. “I feel you, fairy boy.” I back step and hit the bumpy side wall, spinning around to avoid a patch of falling balls, falling down on my palms on top of the wet floor. I lower my face and as I feel exhaustion, worry, and fear. My parents are a pair of dead boggarts. Britton is a single dead boggart too.
I lift my face and lean over, smelling the stinky wet wood, seeing the scratches and touch each embedded scratch with curiosity. “This is weird.”
Gable removes an eyeball from the old peek hole and spins around on his kneecaps, seeing the raised butthole on Persia. “Where are we going to hide, Persia? I don’t have my gem stone anymore. I lost inside your fairy coach, Persia. I will die for shore, now, Persia.”
I scratch at one of the scratches. “I’ll save you, Gable.”
Apella sits down in the water on the floor and wears a sad face and a set of new tears. “I want my mama too.”
Gable slides down over to the floor and falls forward, feeling tired and depressed. He had lost his parents and his gem stone too. He can’t defend his fairy person from a single meanie half-breed.
The gang of nasty half-breeds are winning the fairy war using their deadly fairy rays. The rest of the devoted and stupid fairies are still fighting as a gang of ugly boggarts or dead like his pair of boggart parents.
Gable is going to die and then he will become an angel, living with his parents in heaven. He taps on the loose rock with his naked toes, exhaling with worry.
Apella slaps the water over the floor with a growl. “We’re have become a trio of chicken shits in here. We want to live, not dead. This fairy war is stupid.”
“We can survive and then live on the island with our fairy friends.” Gable lifts his wet leg up from the pool of water over the floor. “Where’s Jackzee? Has anyone seen her?”
“Dead,” Apella exhales with worry.
“Where’s Britton?” Gable looks at Persia.
I exhale with sadness, “Dead, too.”
“They are all dead, but us.” Apella frowns down at the wet floor.
I turn and growl at Gable and then to Apella. “I saw Molfalso escape with his girlfriend Zann on top of her duchess horse.”
Gable shakes his wet skull as his forehead halo of mint green tiny gem stone sparkles. He says a confused brow. “What! Ah naw! You’re fibbing, Persia. Molfalso didn’t chicken out of the fairy war. Nope! He is the bestest fairy here within Fairyland.”
“Zann and Molfalso, they are the two luckiest fairies here within Fairyland,” Apella exhales with worry.
“Walcott is dead, too.” I exhale with defeat. “I saw our friend Kuelle die after turning her body into a brown boggart also. She had killed by my mom. My dad killed Walcott on top of his draft horse. My dad is dead too. Then Kuelle killed my dad. Then, my mom had turned into a boggart. Then she killed Kuelle.”
Apella nods. “It is all true. The four fairy godmothers were telling us the truth.”
“I’m scared.” Gable hugs his body and sobs with his sad tears.
“I’m sad.” Apella hugs her body and sobs with her sad tears.
“I’m sorry.” I rub my arm from the cold ocean water and stare at each wall.
On the wall, each dead human skull is flying off the wall and turning into an oval sphere. Each oval sphere glows with light and then ascends upwards through the rooftop opening and into the clouds.
I look up with a sad face and view the bright pale blue sky that is brightened by the yellow tinted sunlight. I don’t see any more of the oval spheres as each one nicely blend within bright sunlight and the white clouds.
I exhale with a puff of sadness and a whisper. “What’s going to happen to Fairyland and me?” I sob with my sad tears, warming my cold face.
An array of sizzling firing rays hit the ocean side on the fort, penetrating through the wall that holds numerous human skulls. A wall of water flies through the open holes splashing down over each teen fairy.
Gable falls down over the floor and sobs with tears, covering a skull. His face hits the edge on a stray jagged rock from the ocean. He reaches out and grabs the rock, sitting back on his kneecaps, lifting his arm to toss the rock back out through one of the big holes in the wall. Then he stops with a giggle and looks down at the wet wooden floor. Instead, he will leave a final memorial etching his name into the fairy fort wood, foreverly.
When a surviving fairy sees the wooden message, the fairy gal or guy will remember the Second Fairy War and the brave fairy prince Gable.
He raises an arm with a loud grunt in the air and holds the jagged rock for a final strike.
I fall over the wooden floor from impact explosion and wipe my face from the salt and the water, sitting upright, back sliding from the water and lean against the bumpy wall. I scratch my naked foot and rub off blood from a small wound cut, plopping my hand inside the water on top of the wooden plank, washing off the blood. Then I feel an embedded groove in the floor.
I lean over and study the wooden floor with a confused brow and a whisper, “The symbols? I see symbols down here.” I look up and scan the room, spotting Gable and his destructive action, yelling out loud, “Stop! Don’t scar the wooden floor with that rock, Gable!”
Gable looks down with a confused brow and views the water on the covered floor. “The wood is rotten and wet from the water, Persia. What does it matter now?”
I raise both of my arms in the air and nod with a smile. “Yes. Yes. Yes. It matters. This wood is very special. The wood is marked with symbols.”
Apella leans down and swishes the water side to side, looking down over the floor, gasping in alarm, “The symbols!”
“What symbols?” Gable drops his arm and gently releases the rock down on the floor, swishing the water side to side, examining the wet floor.
“The symbols, we were learning symbols within our Fairy Lore class.” I exhale with excitement. “The symbols are not like a fluttering torn cubby hold flag. They represent fairy things for all fairies. These are our fairy symbols. The fairy symbols were given to us directly from the ancient set of fairies that had lived and learned inside the Fairy Academy, a long, long time ago. They are really real, the real symbols.”
Gable sees something on the floor with a puzzled brow. “What are these symbols?”
I stand upright from the wet floor and slap my wet curls with a confused brow. “Ugh! I’m trying to remember.”
“Think faster, Persia!” Gable swiftly stands upright from the floor and spins around, returning back to the side wall, looking through a new peek hole. “I am seeing no more winged steeds, only scattered fighting pods of fairy coaches. So, far, three fairy coaches are burning, Persia.”
“I’m thinking. There are letters which are associated with a word. What is the letter?” I slowly twirl around in a completed circle, activating my cold brain cells.
Apella swiftly stands upright from the wet floor with a smile and bounces up and down in the water puddles with excitement. “I know. I know. All the fairy protection symbols must be burned down into the wood, since wood comes from a tree. A tree was the overall protection for all of the ancient fairies. The ancient fairies couldn’t talk or walk, only pee on the tree branches. So, we use our gem stone and recreate all the protection symbols over the wooden floor, right here, too.” She taps her temple and looks up to see the sky. “I’m thinking of the protection symbols too.”
“Would those old ancient protection symbols protect us from the half-breeds, part nice fairy, part mean human, part vicious firing rays too?” Gable looks through a new peek on the disintegrating wall and spies on the active fairy war.
Apella slaps a forehead with a smile. “Right? Right! Okay? Okay! A protection symbol protects a fairy like me…us. Yes!”
Gable continues to peek at the war. “Your point needs to be faster, Apella.”
Apella kicks the water with a nod and a stern face. “Okay, okay, the wood is here on the floor. The wood will protect all the fairies from the gang of wicked half-breeds. We just need to burn each protection symbols into the wood.”
“How many protection symbols are there, Apella?” Gable continues to spy on the fairy war.
“I’ll check my gem stone.” Apella slides her golden shell earring from her earlobe, tapping on her golden tinted gem stone, staring at the stone.
I walk and kick the water from the floor, seeing lot of wooden planks with confusion. “Why are there wooden planks located here inside the throne room?”
Apella stares down at her gold earring gem stone. “The wood had been the protection site or point for the fairy queen, when she was young. And it is more protection from the other meanie fairies, when all the fairies became a group of boggarts that wanted to eliminate the young queen, after the first fairy war. She was the only boggart to both live and survival. She hid inside the wood with a set of protection symbols.”
I shake my wet curls and my tiara with a confused brow. “I don’t understand.”
Apella looks up with a stern face and views Persia, shaking her gem stone. “We need to make our own set of protection symbols like the young fairy queen did by burning each protection symbol down here into the wood right here inside the throne room in her fairy fort.”
I toss my arms into the air with a worried brow. “The human skulls of walls are disappearing. The skulls are taking flight. The walls of the Fairy Fort are composed of human bones, not solid wood either. Fairies lived in trees of wood. This is all wrong, backwards, impossible, unbelievable. And fairies are poisoned by iron not…not a human bone or a human skull.”
She stomps both of boot toes with a nod and a stern face. “This is right, fairy princess Persia. Each teen must burn a set of protection symbols into the wooden floor here inside the fairy fort right now to live and survive the rest of the nasty half-breeds and their killing fairy rays.” The large group of dull beige human skulls sounds with a series of soft moan and then loudly crack, slowly ascending up through the opening and in the skyline.
Gable spins around from the wall and gasps with a worried face to Apella. “I don’t have my gem stone. I lost it on the coach that lives down inside the ocean waters now. And each wall is swiftly moving. We don’t have time to burn anything down into the wooden floor. The fairy coaches are almost all gone. The line of winged steeds with a half-breed rider will come back here and burn the fort with us inside, next, soonest, permanently.”
I squat down and scratch on one of the faded black marks with a gasp. “Wait! This is a burn mark, not a scratch. A burn mark is presented down into the wooden planks already.” I stand and scan the room in-between the rows of falling human skulls. “There is an alphabetic letter on the wooden floor. Wait, I remember now. One of the protection symbols is represented by the letter L. The letter of L means love, ya’ll. What are the other protection symbols?” I look down and tap on my gem stone. “And this letter is not burned in a special way, showing a traditional marking of a fairy code.”
He spins around with a sour frown and looks through a new peek hole coming from the disintegrating wall. “What is a fairy code?”
“A fairy code, a fairy key, a fairy symbol,” I turn and gasp to Apella. “If there really is a set of fairy protection symbols in here? O my! O me! O mine! The fairy queen had burned and used a fairy protection symbol inside her throne room. Why would she do that? Why did she need to that?”
“Why is that important now?” Gable continues to spy on the fairy war.
She grins. “A protection symbol is used to keep bad things out.”
He says. “The half-breeds are the bad things.”
She says. “A protection symbol is used to keep good thing in too.”
I gasp in shock. “You’re right. Why did the fairy queen use these protection symbols?”
“I can’t answer that.” Apella squats down and swishes through the wet floor, looking for another alphabetic symbol.
He growls, “Answer it, Apella!”
I move around and kick the water from the floor, seeing many letters. “Look at this! The fairy queen built herself a protection shell, right here, inside her throne room. I see an individual letter burned inside an individual square block. And we’re surrounded by the all wooden blocks.”
He continues to spy on the war, “Is this going to work, Persia?”
I exhale with worry. “Don’t know.”
“Yes, it will. Persia is smart too. She has read and studied the protection symbols like the fairy queen. We are protected. I promise.” She continues to swish the water from the floor.
I kick the water from the numerous letters over the floor. “Ugh! The fairy farting queen has got the entire alphabet burned down onto the wooden floor here, so no one could duplicate her protection shell.”
“So, no one could break her protection.” Apella continues to swish the water from the floor, seeking an alphabetic letter.
He continues to spy on the war, “The fairy queen protection is broken, now, all over Fairyland.”
I toss my hand near my sour frown. “The gem stone isn’t working for datum information, only each deadly firing fairy rays, of course.” I drop down my hand and slap my leg with frustration.
Apella swishes the water. “She is dead. All fairy charms and symbol die with the dead and gone fairy queen.”
“Yeah, right, of course, it would be gone,” I raise both of my arms in the air with a smile. “I remember it now. The old fairy language or writing or symbols used back then would have a single short straight line through the middle of each fairy protection symbol which is the fairy code or marking. So, look down at the floor and seek only an alphabetic letter with a straight line through the letter.”
He continues to spy on the war. “Why’s that? The evil gang of driver half-breeds are flying around in their captured fairy coach while teasing the last five fairy coaches with a brave and true fairy family, Persia.”
I squat down and swish a hand over the cold water. “Thanks, Gable! I think it made it different and special with a fairy charm or something. I’m not finding any symbols with a line in the middle of the letter …”
“I can’t do this. I’m cold and scared. My parents are boggarts.” Apella stands and sobs with her sad tears, viewing the missing rooftop and her parents there in the afterlife. “They’re dead. I guess.”
I stand and stomp towards Apella, and then stop, giving her a hug, pulling back with a smile and a nod. “You’re smart and clever as a fairy princess, Apella. Find the correct letters. We will survive this thing.”
“For what?” Apella sneers.
I exhale with worry. “We will survive and build back our Fairyland. We owe our parents that honor as the surviving younger and smarter set of fairies. There is plenty of land and food …”
Apella wipes her tears, “Our parents, that horror.”
I exhale. “Look for it.” I squat down on my knees and swish the water side to side. “One of the protection words is love which starts with the letter L.”
Apella scoots away from Persia and squats down, swishing the water from the wooden floor, standing with a smile. She points down at the letter. “I found it. I found the letter of L. And I verify that the letter of L has a tiny short line going through the middle of the symbol. Yay! We can do this. We can live.”
I scoot around and swish the water from the floor with a smile, “Excellent job, Apella! Now, mark it with your gem stone ray. Don’t burn the letter, thou. Outline one of the corner slots. Then we can collect the wood block later. We gotta find all the protections symbols now.”
“What are the protection words, Persia?” Gable sidesteps against the crumbling wall and looks through a peek hole on the ocean side of the throne room, spying on the fairy war.
Apella stands and fires down a tiny string from her gem stone above the fairy symbol letter of L and mark it for their survival plan. The heat burns the wood with a smell as a puff of smoke that drifts in the air. She sidesteps over the floor and squats down, swishing through the water over wet floor for another fairy symbol. “Family, friendship, health, love, and peace.”
He sidesteps along the wall and continues to spy on the war. “Apella said that in alphabetic order. I’m impressed, Apella. Okay. The letter L has been found, standing for the word love. You know the alphabetic letter P has a line through the middle and it stands for peace too. This is easy. The word, health, stands with the letter H that also has line through it, also. This is really easy.”
I gasp in alarm and stare down at the floor. “There are letters scarred here all over the floor. I saw this one before. But I didn’t comprehend the meaning, until now.”
She exhales with worry. “I found the letter of D which is next to the letter of Q. The letters aren’t in fairy alphabet order.”
He continues to spy on the war. “A pod captured coaches are fighting with last four true and brave fairy coaches, Persia.”
I scoot around the floor and swish my hands around the water. “Thanks, Gable.”
He continues to spy on the war. “The letter of A has a horizontal line through the middle of the symbol, also.”
I continue to scoot around the floor and swish my hands through the water, seeking another fairy symbol. “Thanks, Gable!”
She continues to scoot around the floor and swishes the water, searching for one of the fairy symbols. “Naw! That is not part of the five fairy protection words. The words are family, friendship, health, love, and peace. Hunt for those letters of F, H, L, and P.”
He continues to spy on the war. “F, H, L, and P? So, why doesn’t the letter L have a line through it, too, Persia? The pod of evil half-breed drives had killed off one more true family coach, Persia.”
“It does. It shows it right here on the floor here inside the fairy fort, tart.” She continues to swish the water and looks for another fairy protection symbol.
I slide sideways and wipe the water, frowning down at the letter M. It does not show a line through the letter. “Right, Gable! Why doesn’t the letter L have a line through it like the other three protection letters?”
Apella swishes the water and then stands with a smile, bouncing up and down with happiness. “I found it, the letter of P. I found it. O no! The letter of P doesn’t have a short horizontal line through the middle the vertical stem. This ain’t one of the fairy protection symbols. The letter of P doesn’t stand for the word, peace. So, what are the fairy symbols of letters, Persia? I can’t remember the letters, only the words.” She scoots sideways and then squats down, swishing the water from the floor with a worried brow.
“I know. Each letter has a line through the vertical stem like the letter L. So, you need to find the next letter with a line through the middle the stem and then remember it.” I scoot sideways and squat down, swishing the water side to side over the wet floor.
He shifts over the wall and peeks through the broken wall. “The letter F has a line through it too. However, you listed both the words family and friendship, which start with the same letter F. So, I conclude that the letter F is not one of the five protection symbols, Persia.”
I continue to swish the water and seek for a fairy symbol on the wet floor. “Thanks, Gable.”
She sits on her knees and points down at the wooden plank. “Gable is right. The letter F does not have a second line. I found the letter Y and it has line through it. This is second fairy symbol. So, there’re two more to fairy letters to find. Then we’ll have all the protection symbols.”
He sidesteps along the broken wall and looks through a peek hole, spying on the war. “So far, we got two fairy letters. How many more are left?”
“We need five.” I continue to swish the water and look for another symbol.
She swings around with a confused frown and views Persia’s tiara. “Why?”
“The protection shell is really a box. A box has four sides and a top.”
Apella squats down and swishes the water from the floor, “O yeah.”
He continues to spy on the war. “The letter E has a line through it. The pod of captured coaches have killed off two more true fairy coaches, Persia.”
She stands and kicks the water, wiping her face with a worried brow. “I can’t think under the pressure of death.”
I continue to squat down and swish water from the wet floor. “Just scoot around over the wet floor, getting wet and flustered like me.”
She exhales with worry and rubs warmth into her cold hands and arms. “The floor is really flooded with coldness and cold water.”
“Use your ray to evaporate the water, fairy princess.” I growl with stress.
“O yeah.” Apella touches and removes her earring gem stone, aiming down at the top of the water. Her golden fairy ray touches the water as a fine mist of steam drifts up in the air and covers her face, drifting up into the ceiling.
I stand with a smile and aim my gem stone at wooden plank marking it for our survival plan. “The letter T is one of the protection symbols.”
Apella squats down on the floor and swishes the water. “I found one. The letter I is one of the symbols too.” She stands and aims her gem stone, firing a tiny fairy ray at the wooden plank right above the letter, marking for their survival plan. “So, we got the letters L, Y, T, I …” 
“And Z, the letter Z has a line through it, too. Yay! We got all the five protection symbols.” I stand with a sigh and aim my gem stone, firing a tiny fairy ray down at the water and the wood. The water evaporates into a plume of heated steam. I spin around and walk through the water over the wet floor with a puzzled brow. “I don’t know where to build the shell.”
He shifts along the crumbling wall that protects his body and spies on the war. “You can build it anywhere, since we’re going to die anywhere.”
I kick the water over the floor with a worried brow. “Where do I construct the box? Should I build the box in the middle of the room? On the side of the wall? Which wall? There are four geographical walls in here. Does the box belong on the eastern wall?”
Gable stands upright form the wet floor and swings with a worried brow to see Persia. “What is that decision important in here, right now?”
Apella jumps up and down on top of the wooden letter, saying with a nod and a smile. “Here! Right here! There is an O with a line through the middle. Don’t you get it, Persia? A line through the letter O means zero or the first position of the beginning like here. The wooden blocks begin right here. The O has a line in the middle and the wooden block is in the middle of her throne room.”
Gable frowns at Apella. “I got the zero part, the first numeric number in the math sequence. But, why is the letter O in the middle of the throne room? What does it mean?” 
“Hope! The letter O represents the word, hope. So, there are truly six protection words with six matching symbols. And we all need a tiny bit of hope here, today, right now.” I move ahead and stop in front the wave burn, cutting out the first wooden block. The block holds the letter Z. I lift cut block up from the watery floor and tote it over the water and wooden planks using my magenta fairy finger. I gently place the first block on top of the water next to the flat wooden block letter O.
Apella stomps around the water with a worried brow. “I can’t find the other wooden blocks with my burnt fairy cut that I had marked a few seconds, ago. The water is rising and cold and coming through the broken wall.”
I splash around the letter of I and fire out my magenta ray, burning it around the wooden block. “Blast the water with your firing ray, evaporating the water. Then, we can re-examine the corners. We are going to live, ya’ll.” I lift the second wooden block up from the floor and sail through the air and finally place it next to the Z block letter down by the letter O. The sunlight beaming down on the wet floor disappears from the skyline. I gasp with shock and looks up to see a line of dark shadows over my face.
Gable falls down into the wet floor and covers his skull. “Duck down for cover right now!”
I drop down in the water on the floor and cover my hair roots. A barge of numerous sizzling firing rays coming from a row of fairy coaches enter down into the opening hold on the rooftop and burn down in the water, evaporating into steam. Each steam plume turns into a salt puff of heated water.
The row of flying coaches swiftly flies over the fairy fort, without destroying the fairy fort.
I continue to kiss the wet floor and look up, gasping in shock. “We ain’t dead.”
Gable swiftly stands upright from the wet floor and dashing to the crumbling wall, squatting for protection, looking through one of the burnt peek holes on the western side inside the throne room. “We ain’t dead yet, because they are swinging around and coming back to finish the job, burning down the fairy fort. It is a scouting tour of half-breeds with their fun.”
I stand upright from the floor and dash through the puddles of water, slamming into the same crumbling with Gable. The wall separates and parts into a large pod of numerous floating human skulls, drifting up in the air.
I gasp in shock and fall backward looking in-between the new vertical cracks with my fairy eyeballs at the western side of the island. “Why? Why are we not dead now? I see two rows. One row of winged steeds are flying away from us and the fairy fort, like they are being chased by something. And I see each golden trunk from a flying coach, which is flying away from us. O no! The line of machines is spinning back around and facing the fairy fort. They are going to attack us again. We gotta find some cover, ya’ll.”
Apella spins to the wall and aims her golden gem stone at the skyline as the gold twinkle. She looks up with a sour frown and looks for one of the half-breed. “Naw, each nasty half-breed is watching and waiting on us to fly out from the fairy fort and use their fairy ray on us. Their killing fairy ray will kill us, dead, too.”
Gable spins around and races to the opposite wall that faces the ocean, slamming into the broken wall, breaking off more of the human skull that slowly drift in the air and expose the air walls. He stares with a gasp at the new object. “Naw! The fairy war is over and done, ya’ll. The line of coaches is running away from the mostest, biggest, gigantism, bluish colored tidal wave here in fairy world. The giant tidal wave is coming directly at the fort and us, Persia.”
I swing around with a gasp and view no side wall within the throne room inside the damaged fairy fort, saying with a gasp of fear. “That’s a one-hundred-foot tidal wave …”’
“Two hundred feet or more …” Gable gasps in fear.
Apella rushes ahead and stands next to Persia with a sad face. “We are going to die, ya’ll.”
“No.” I shout out loud with fury.
“Yes.” Apella nods with a sad face and stares at the new tidal wave.
I swing around and shoot out my magenta ray at the third wooden block with the letter of T. “No! No! No! We hurriedly construct the shell of the protection symbols. Locate the other symbols. Hurry! Hurry! I’ll start building the protection shell box.” I lift the block of wood up in the air and move the heavy wood slab through the with loud grunt towards the embedded wooden block with the letter O in the middle of the floor. “We’re born of the trees. This wood is especially fairy charmed for our fairy hide protection. We’ll survive a two hundred or three-hundred-foot tall tidal wave. I promise, ya’ll.”
She freezes with fear and stares with a sad face at the advancing wall of ocean water. “Mentor Thurbet said that a lot, Persia. Now, he’s dead, too.”
Gable swings around with a confused brow. “Are the symbols in order?”
I stop in front of the middle of the room and continue to hold the first wooden block in the air. “No! We’re constructing a square box. No matter here! The five letters can be next to each other, as long as, they are built with the proper five alphabetic and especially marked letters.”
“Inner or outwards!” Gable frowns to Persia.
I exhale with annoyance and continue to hold up the heavy block of wood. “What!”
“Stop promising, Persia!” Apella stares at the tidal wave coming towards them for a death kill.
Gable nods. “Is the alphabetic especially marked letter housed inside the shell or outside the shell box, Persia?”
I gasp in alarm. “I don’t know! Do you know, Apella?”
Apella stares at the wall of deadly water. She will die in a few minutes and finally see her parents in heaven.  “I don’t know, either!”
I lower the wooden block down into the wooden slot. “I will just drop it down into the split crack along the flooring. It doesn’t matter the order.”
She wipes her tears and whispers. “Yes, it does matter, Persia,” Apella turns and shakes her hands and her curls, shouting out to Persia. “No! The box is built by fairy magic to performance fairy magic on all fairies. If the building goes in wrong way, we are all too young to slip out from the enclosed box with our weakened fairy powers.”
I continue to work and drop down the wooden block with the letter L into the floor slot. “Great! Right, Apella! We are going to die. I don’t know the answer.”
Gable nods. “What did the fairy library say?”
I exhale with exhaustion from the heavy block of wood. “What!”
He points at both girls with a nod and a smile. “Think! You both read about the protection symbols and the fairy lore past history. I didn’t. What did the fairy library say or show on each white tinted wall and ceiling and floor all at the same time about the fairy symbols?”
I close my eyelashes and feel the bright sunlight as it burns my sweaty face. “Okay! Okay! The protection symbols were written in dirt and then the rain washed them away,” I giggle with amusement.
“This is not funny, Persia,” Gable sneers.
Apella nods. “Then, the protection symbols were curved on the tree bark, so the rains didn’t wash them away.”
Gable smiles. “Yes, the protection symbols were curved out on the tree back. Tree bark is outside the tree, not inside the trunk.”
Apella nods. “Right, Gable! Right, fairy prince! Each protection symbol letters must be built on the outside of the protection box while protecting all the fairies inside the enclosed warm shell. Good, Gable! Very good, fairy prince!”
I lift up the wooden block with burned letter of L from the slot and swing it around, slamming the upright wooden block back down into the tiny cracked slot that surrounds the letter of O. It easily falls down back into the slot. I giggle with a smile. “It fits, so nicely. Okay. I’m slamming the second letter down into the next wooden slot. Look out! You, go and stand in the middle of the room with me. My fairy shield will protect use, sorta. So, I can finish building us a shell like…like a small house, sorta.”
I place the wooden block with the letter I on the outside, then the letter T, and finally the letter Y on the outside of the wooden shell with my magenta colored fairy finger.
At 08:02 a.m., I stand with Gable and Apella inside the middle of a four-sided wooden box and place the last burnt wooden block, showing with the letter of Z with a line on the outside of our enclosed wooden box. The horizontal block wood fits nicely down into the grooved slot that holds vertical four pieces of wooden blocks.
I close the last block on top and over each set of hair roots, saying with a giggle of amusement, “Lights out.”
Gable moans within the darkness and cuddles with Persia. “The box is dark and hot.”
Apella frowns with nervousness. “The tidal wave is coming. I heard the roaring coming from the huge traveling ocean waves.”
Gable frowns with worry. “I hear the slurping of the shallow water from the beach sands.”
I sit down on top of the wet wooden floor and in a pool of water, feeling numb.
Gable and Apella sit and scoot beside Persia in silence.
I exhale with a whisper of fear and nervousness. “I know. I hear it too. Okay, we whisper the words of the fairy protection charms …”
“I don’t have my gem stone.” Gable frowns.
I close my eyelashes and wrap my arms around my fairy friends as I am the taller fairy inside the enclosed box. “You don’t need it. The wood is acting like the dull gem stone for us. We whisper over and over again through this thing, the six fairy charms. It goes like this. Fairies live in family, friendship, health, hope, love, and peace.” I sob with my sad tears.
My mom had told me that expression right before the start of fairy war.
I hold my breath so I do not cry. I hear and feel the tidal wave hit the building. The rush of water slams into the wooden shell. The shell is hit.
I feel the wood absorbing the cold ocean water. I smell and taste the salt from the ocean water seeping between the tiny weakened wooden particles. I exhale with fear feeling the coolness of the water as it hit our wooden box. The coolness comes through the same tiny weakened particles. I whisper out loud. “Fairies live in family, friendship, health, hope, love, and peace.”
I sob with my tears in fear, fright, loss, sadness, and depression, feeling Gable. He shakes side to side in fear too. I cuddle him into my rib cage saying out loud. “Fairies live in family, friendship, health, hope, love, and peace.”
Gable mumbles his word with fear. “Fairies live in family, friendship, health, hope, love, and peace.”
Apella whispers in a steady tone. “Fairies live in family, friendship, health, hope, love, and peace.”
I hold my breath and hear nothing. Then I feel nothing.
“The wave has passed.” Apella smiles.
I exhale and inhale with my sour breath, cuddling and holding both of them, without standing. “Wait! We must be certain.” I hold my breath and hear nothing. Then I feel nothing.
Apella feels the rumble and struggles from Persia, standing upright inside the box, yelling out loud. “Get out! The fort is going to implode with us inside coming from the drifting and floating air-borne dead human skulls. We gotta get outta of here and away from the fort, before we all die.”
Gable does not move but whispers. “We made it. Did we make it, Persia? How do we get out?”
Apella wiggles inside the darkness and taps her gem stone. “I’ll use my fairy wave on the box.”
I gasp in alarm. “No! I’ll use my gem stone wave. I constructed the protection shell with my fairy magic. Don’t mix the fairy magic waves, ever. Okay! I’m activating my gem stone and gently shooting out my fairy wave here inside the box. Hide your face between your arms. This wave is going to get hot and heated in here, before my ray burns through the thick and wet wooden block.”
“Cut at the seam of the wooden block.” Apella sits down and covers her face, yelling out loud with worry.
I nod. “Yeah. Yeah. Okay, cut the seam!” I ignite my magenta fairy wave into a thin line hitting the seam, burning the smelly wood. The accumulated heat fumes burn the freckles off my face, part of my eyebrows, and some of the flying strands from my wet black hair.
“Too hot,” Gable wipes his sweaty face and softly moans.
“Too heated,” Apella wipes her sweaty face and sneers.
“I’m sweating.” Gable wipes his sweaty arms and softly groans.
“I’m thirsty.” Apella wipes her sweaty arms and snarls.
“I’m hunger.” Gable wipes his sweaty face and laughs.
At 08:11 a.m., “I’m falling down the floor.” I scream out loud.
The burned wooden block slowly falls forward taking me with it on my fairy finger. Then, the rest of the wooden blocks fall away from us, making a loud thud.
I land down on my chest in a puddle of water and giggle with a grin. “I’m alive.” I gasp with shock and look up, seeing the western landscape around the fairy fort. “Fairyland is gone, ya’ll.”
I slowly stand upright and feel a smooth surface, looking down at my naked toes with a gasp. “We stand only on top of the flat naked gray limestone rock. The wooden protection shell is the only thing left on the rock. The fairy fort is gone. The wooden floor is gone. The five levels of floor are gone too.”
I narrow my eyelashes, shading my eyeballs from the bright morning sun, scanning the far landscape in the west as my heart drops down into my toenails. “The row of mill houses is gone too. The grove of lush trees is gone. The ocean water covers everything, including the dirt, the soil, the grass, the flowers, the plant bushes coming over half-way up on each tallest trees.”
Gable points up to the sky and then down the water with a giggle and a tongue of mouth spit. “The baby blue sky is up here. The greenish blue ocean is over there and there and there.”
I scan the ocean water and gag with vomit. “There are millions of individual body pieces and parts coming from each dead beastie and boggart floating down in the water.”
A single green tinted sizzling fairy ray discharges through the air and hits one of many dead beasties exploding into a tiny flame of green ashes.
I gasp with shock and squat down on top of wooden block with the letter O, scanning the ocean waters for the row of attacking half-breeds.
Fairy Godmother South gently floats down from the blue sky with a smile and flies on top of her green tinted fairy wave, wearing her coordinated green outfit, consisting of a long fairy gown, a fairy tiara, a pair of elbow gloves, and a fairy cape. She halts in the air and smiles at the three teens. “O dear! I am so sorry about that scare, teens! I am ridding the seas of the dead bodies. The human race has no knowledge of a flying horse or a flying creature with a pair of flying wings.”
On the edge of the naked boulder, sixteen years old teen Molfalso slowly climbs up from face on the rock boulder and then stands upright on the top of the stone. He spins around with a smile and squats down, extending his hands down the side of the rock.
He is dressed in a dry black colored tee shirt, a pair of dry, ripped and faded blue jeans, and a pair of crimson colored cowboy boots, without wearing his fairy forehead halo in sparkling black tinted gem stones on his dark brown forehead.
Sixteen years old teen female, Zann slowly climbs into his open arms from the rock face. She stands upright on the stone and cuddles her boyfriend Molfalso, spinning around to face the three fairy teen. She wears a pretty pink colored fairy gown and a pair of pink colored sandals, without her black stoned tiara.
They slowly advance ahead towards the burnt and exploded wooden shell spot, where Apella, Gable, and Persia stand in confusion.
Molfalso stops and smiles with a chuckle at the crouched three fairies. “Ya’ll make it through that massive and dangerous three hundred feet all tidal wave. And it was a great big monster. I can’t believe it. You constructed a protection shell from wooden floor of the fort. Smart, teen fairies!”
I stand upright from the naked rock and sneer, swinging around, aiming my gem stone at Molfalso. “Dumb, fairy! You are a coward, a traitor, a dead fairy. You saved your precious fairy hide, not becoming a boggart for your personal fairy cause. So, you will finally die by my burning fairy ray, sir. Then, we both honor the cause.”
“Don’t harm him, fairy Persia!” Fairy Godmother South fires her wand and shoots out a green colored fairy wave that flies over Persia’s tiara.
I duck back down on the rock for protection and loudly hiss, swinging my gem stone at the fairy godmother, growling with fury.
Apella slowly stands from her crouched position and wears a puzzled brow, lifting both of her arms in the air. “Wait! Something is wrong here,” She points at Molfalso with confusion. “I saw it. Molfalso kill all those live horses during our fairy journey with his crimson colored fairy ray. He killed more than one life form. However, he didn’t morph into an fugly, ugly brown colored boggart with red horns and a black fairy’s tale then or back there. And he still appears in usual fairy form, right here, and right now.” 
I slowly stand and aim my gem stone at the fairy godmother, sneering with murder. “That doesn’t matter now! Molfalso left his assigned fairy war post inside his coach along the long row within the skyline. He also left his mom to die by the firing ray. He’s a traitor.”
“He is a human.” Fairy Godmother North slowly drops down from the pale blue sky and rides on top of her yellow colored fairy wave, landing down on the rock on her wave. She reaches out and touches Molfalso on his collar bone for his protection and assurance, sucking her fairy wave back into her jagged gem stone on her fairy godmother wand.
 She wears her yellow clothing, consisting of a long gown, a tiara, a long cape, a pair of long elbow gloves, and a wicked wand with a jagged yellow colored gem stone.
I still aim my gem stone at Fairy Godmother South and gasp with a whisper. “What!”
Fairy Godmother North smiles with a nod at each teen fairy. “Molfalso is not a fairy guy. He is a male human who had been taken from the human world as a tiny baby by the fairy queen to serve as a brownie. However, Molfalso’s parents and the fairy queen wanted a human leader to live here in secret and lead her fairy subjects into a Second Fairy War. They had chosen Molfalso as a baby. Molfalso grew up within a true fairy family as he had been treated and trained like a fairy. And he was trained very well, exceeding all the fairy expectations. He was the bestest fairy in the land and hidden in true human true form,” she giggles with the other fairy godmothers.
I drop my gem stone and my mouth at the same time, staring at the human male. “Molfalso is a real human male teenager.”
Gable slowly stands upright from the rock and moves beside Persia, pointing at the people and then the landscape with a sour frown. “And the four fairy godmothers were really right about a murdering fairy and then becoming a growling boggart. Fairyland has been destroyed by a set of foolish ugly boggarts. Look at the landscape on the island! There is nothing left, but water and waste.”
The first coach leads a row of golden shiny coaches and dives down from the sky towards the single flat rock formation. The row of fairy coaches glides underneath her flat, smooth blue colored fairy wave and then easily lands down on the top of the rock formation.
The lead coach is driven by Fairy Godmother East. She parks the row of coaches and waves with her hand at the huddle of fairies.
From the parked coaches, teens Yachel and Stad scoot out from the second coach, strolling ahead to the huddle of fairies, waving with a hand and a smile.
Yachel wears a pale blue colored fairy gown, without her tiara.
Stad wears a black colored tee shirt, a pair of ripped and torn blue jeans, and a pair of pale yellow colored cowboy boots, without his forehead halo of glittering black stone.
They hold hands and then stop in front of Persia and the other fairies.
Fairy Godmother East scoots out from the driver’s seat on the lead coach and shoots out her blue colored fairy wave from her wicked wand, leaping on top in her matching blue fairy clothes
She flies through the air and steers away from the rock platform, heading back to the hidden fairy godmother tree house, a chopped down tree within the northern part of the island.
Yachel stops and smiles at Persia. “Don’t fret, Persia. We all have another home, now, the human world.”
I gasp in shock and touch my tiara. “No, I do not. I am a fairy. I live here in Fairyland. I use a gem stone with my fairy energy. My fairy powers do not work inside the human world, Yachel. I…”
A single ray of pink hue blasts down from the skyline and hits the water, sizzling the water into steam and burns each dead body parts on each beastie and boggart.
I turn and gasp at the gross image.
Fairy Godmother North smiles at the three teen fairies. “What is the purpose of a fairy godmother, child?”
Fairy Godmother South reaches out and slaps the other fairy godmother on her collar bone with a smile and a nod. “Stop teasing the young fairy! And please, do not start with the purpose of a fairy godmother again!”
Fairy Godmother North grins to Persia. “A fairy godmother grants a wish. I can grant you any wish that you desire, fairy princess Persia.”
I return back and gasp at the fairy godmother.
Apella gasps in alarm and then smiles to the same fairy godmother, “My godmother wish is to restore my home, Fairyland.”
A single ray of blue color blasts down from the sky and slams down into the water, producing steam, exploding more dead bodies from each beastie and boggart.
Fairy Godmother North frowns at Apella. “The wish is for an individual fairy. An entire island of fairies has destroyed our precious Fairyland, even all of our four combined godmother fairy powers can’t fix this ugly mess. Fairy Gable is correct. The island is full of water and waste. So, let us get to the business at hand. What is your desired fairy wish, fairy princess Persia?”
Yachel steps from Stad and bounces up and down, slapping her chest with a smile. “Wish for fairy godmother to make you a human, too, Persia. I am along with Stad, Hadwin, and the other human teens.”
I gasp in alarm. “Other fairies have lived through this…this deluge.”
A single ray of pink color blasts down from the blue sky and burns more dead bodies in the water.
Zann grins. “Yes. All the other fairies, who are truly parents of a half-breed child are alive and breathing and live back at the fairy godmother tree house.”
A single fairy ray of blue color blasts down from the sky and burns more dead bodies of beasties and boggarts.
Apella cross her arms with a sour frown. “How is that even possible, non-tiara Zann? Where is your tiara, fairy girl?”
A long row of golden colored coaches advances from the northern direction with a single door or a glass window, flying towards the rock platform. The row of coaches gently lands on top of the naked rock in a straight line.
Fairy Godmother West pilots the lead coach on top of her pink tinted fairy wave and wear her sparkling pink tinted gown, scooting out from the first coach.
On the front coach, sixteen years old teen Hadwin scoots out from the seat and advances to the huddle of fairies and teens, waving at his friends. He stops and smiles at three fairy teens. “Hey, ya’ll!” He wears a white colored tee shirt, a pair of ripped and torn blue jeans, and a pair of dark brown tinted cowboy boots, without his forehead fairy halo in black stone.
From the third coach, the two parents from Zann exit from the seat and cuddle together, slowly stroll ahead with a smile, toward the huddle of fairies and humans.
Zann’s dad wears a white colored tee shirt, a pair of ripped and torn blue jeans, and a pair of golden orange tinted cowboy boots, without his forehead halo of golden orange stone too.
Zann’s mom displays a pink blush tinted fairy gown and a pair of matching summer sandals, without her matching fairy tiara.
They stop and smile inside the huddle of fairies and humans.
Yachel’s parents sits inside the fourth coach.
Yachel’s dad spins around and assists his wife from the seat, cuddling her.
Yachel’s mom wears a fuchsia tinted long gown and a pair of matching sandals, without her matching fairy tiara. Yachel’s dad wears a white colored tee shirt, a pair of ripped and torn blue jean, and a pair of turquoise colored cowboy boots, without his fairy forehead halo of matching stones.
They stop and stand in front of Persia and her fairy friends within the line of growing human bodies.
Fairy Godmother West releases out her pink tinted fairy wave in the air waves and flies from the naked rock, soaring into the blue sky.
Fairy Godmother South rides inside the lead fairy coach and releases out her green tinted fairy wave slowly steering from away the naked rock that once held the infamous fairy fort.
On top of the naked rock boulder, in the bright sunlight, Yachel’s mom leans over and hugs her daughter, saying with a nod and a smile to the three teen fairies. “And all the other humans are alive and well also. I am a human person like human teenager Molfalso. I was kidnapped from the human world as a baby. Then I grew up here with a family of brownies as a toddler. Yachel’s dad saw me not looking like a brownie. When he tattled to his parents, they came and exchanged me for some crop food. I lived with his fairy family for years, learning to be the bestest fairy in Fairyland too. I was taught by Mentors Ibbie, Oviv …”
Apella gasps in alarm and sneers at Yachel’s mom. “Really! So, you really are a human. How is that possible? How did you learn all the fairy magic there at the burnt down Prince and Princess Fairy Academy? You are like a spy or something from the human world. Each fairy mentor would have known about your human ways and then would have killed you.”
A single ray of green color blasts down from the sky and burns each dead body part in the ocean waves coming from a beastie and a boggart.
Yachel’s mom grins. “The soil here in Fairyland is magical and then changed me from a human into a fairy, somehow. I can’t explain it. But all the kidnapped human babes brought here into Fairyland from the human world had been morphed into a fairy status. Actually, I am the original a half-breed, part fairy and part human. When I give birth, I produced a little half-breed also. My daughter Yachel …”
A single ray of pink color blasts down from the sky and hits the water creating steam plume, burning each dead body part.
Gable frowns at Yachel’s mom. “You don’t have a pair of fairy parents here. How were you able to attend the burnt down Prince and Princess Fairy Academy? And more importantly, how did you not get discovered as a morphed human there at the burnt down Prince and Princess Fairy Academy along with all the other pure fairy teens and fairy mentors?”
Apella nods with a sneer. “The fairy queen knows. She had known about you and you and you. She had gone and kidnapped every single human babe out from the human world. She could travel over the vast miles of deep blue ocean waters and then land down inside the human world as a fairy in disguise like an ugly, smelly human. A regular old fairy can’t do such feats of fairy magic.”
A single ray of green color blasts down from the sky and hits the water, creating more steamy pockets, burning more of the dead bodies of beasties and boggarts.
Fairy Godmother North nods. “Fairy Apella is correct. The fairy queen did all this ugly mess from her throne on each one of her devoted fairy subjects and our beautiful Fairyland. She took each orphaned human baby and created a population of brownies that served each fairy family here within Fairyland like a house slave.
“However, when some of the true fairies get suspicious or curious, the fairy queen eliminated them killing them, dead. The mother of Molfalso had two pure fairy sisters, who had become a victim or two of the fairy queen’s wicked gem stone wand and her nasty fairy charms. When Molfalso had been adopted as a baby into his fairy family, he didn’t look like his adoptive parents. He didn’t act like his adoptive parents either. He didn’t smell like his adoptive parents.
“There are distinct sweet smelling odors between a human and a fairy. However, the fairy queen needed a rebel human among her fairy ranks. She wanted a rebel fairy to be devoted to her and could lead the other half-humans into death or peace. Her fairy plan had backfired from a very simple emotion of love.
“Sixteen years old fake fairy and true human male Molfalso had fallen in love with his girlfriend Zann, a half-breed, too. He gave up all violence for all peace. And the rest of the story will become our fairy history as they will not tattle our fairy tale.” She reaches out and pats Molfalso on the forearm, nodding with a grin to the three fairy teens.
“Who says that?” Gable frowns.
A single ray of pink color blasts down from the clouds and slams down into the water, burning the remaining dead bodies from each beastie and boggart.
I turn and gasp at Yachel’s dad. “Yachel’s dad is a half-breed also.”
Yachel’s dad grins. “Naw! I am born as a fairy here with a pair of fairy parents and I am one hundred percent a fairy guy.”
Apella frowns. “Impossible! You live only in fairy form, not boggart form. If you really are a fairy, then you should be…”
A single ray of green color blasts down from the clouds and hits the water, burning the other dead bodies on each beastie and boggart.
“A boggart is like the other morphed fairies.” Yachel’s dad nods. “I didn’t fight this morn, at sunrise. I wasn’t on top of a winged steed, flying into Second Fairy War. I was housed inside the hidden fairy godmother tree house, sweating and waiting for the end of the war. If I had been fighting along with your parents, then I would have become a boggart, too, after killing a life form, any life form including a winged beastie or a buzzing insect. This was the fairy queen’s curse when she murdered each human person that landed here on the white colored shoreline centuries ago and centuries afterwards. She had discovered the hidden rock cave with all the raw earthy gems that she forced every teen to fashion into a weapon of death. However, since she used the earth soil coming from Mother Nature’s treasures here on the land for her wickedly evil purpose, each fairy become connected to every plant, animal, bird, and insect here within Fairyland,” he laughs. “Well, the landscape of dry dirt and wet swamps used to exist here within Fairyland.  Then a fairy could not kill any type of breathing and living life form on the island, including a tiny bumblebee. Else, the fairy would immediately morph into an ugly, fugly brown colored boggart for the rest of their days. She had numerous silly fair rules which you are learn in First Class.”
“Yes, that so true!” I gasp in shock. “I read all of these silly rules, one night while looking for something different at the fairy school. One silly rule stated that a fairy cannot kill a bug or a bird or a boggart,” I laugh with the others.
Gable gasps in alarm and slaps Apella’s arm. “That is so true. Apella, do you remember in Third Class during Gem class when you chased after and tried to kill that annoying squirrel? Oviv stopped you and reprimanded you for attacking an innocent animal.”
Apella nods. “Yes, I vividly remember that event during school.”
Gable laughs. “So, back then, each fairy mentor was spying on each student while trying to figure out who was the half-breed and who was the pure fairy. And they didn’t succeed.”
Apella laughs. “Yes, the fairy mentors did so. When fairy princess Persia paired with her half-breed friend Yachel and showed Yachel the pictures from the human world during our Fairy Lore Class. Yachel had been too excited and too detailed with her wordy explanation about the smelly human world which caught the eyeballs and the tongue of each fairy mentor. Then the fairy mentors told the fairy queen. In turn, the fairy queen knew each one of ya’ll.”
“And the fairy queen tried to murder each one of us for being different,” Yachel sneers at Apella.
“However, the fairy queen failed, epically.” Gable frowns and looks down at his naked legs and toes, exhaling with worry about his future as a fairy.
I gasp in shock and point up at the blue sky which is empty of any winged steeds. “But there had been lines of winged steeds with an individual fairy rider.”
Fairy Godmother North grins. “Those had been lines of winged steeds with a half-human rider. A human can kill anytime and not morph into an ugly boggart. That ugly honor is only held by a pure race of fairies.”
Fairy Godmother East swings around with a smile and points to the sky. “Do you see that?”
I narrow my eyelashes at the skyline and gasp in shock. “I see streaks of pretty waves of green and pink colored fumes running across the blue sky and into the white clouds.”
Zann’s mom thumbs back over her collar bone with a nod and a smile. “These two single pretty streaks are the remaining humans. Each human had married a pure fairy and produced a half-breed child. Now, each fairy is a human. And each half fairy is a human. And each half-breed is a human also. All of them are leaving from Fairyland. There is not a single pure fairy on board these flying coaches. Fairy Godmothers of the South and West are flying the group of new humans back into the human world, where they will live out their remaining human lives.” She frowns. “At sunrise, some of the human-fairies wanted to fly on top of a winged steed and fight in the Second Fairy War. Violence is contagious within any peaceful species. And a morphed human-fairy dies by a single sizzling and flying firing ray from a gem stone too. A human-fairy does not turn into a boggart, only dies in pain and suffering.”
Apella frowns. “You didn’t fight with your husband or your half-breed child. I realized the pink fairy wave, coming from teen Zann once or twice during the Second Fairy War.”
Zann’s mom nods. “I was a fairy, not a human. If I had chosen to fight and kill any living life form, then I would become a boggart and then died fighting in the fairy war. A boggart mind only likes a violent and destruction environment, hence the fairy queen of Fairyland and the destruction from each boggart fairy.”
Zann’s dad lifts both of his arms and says a nod and a smile. “I’m the human here. Yeehaw! I had fought and freed my people, my wife, and my half-breed child. I am not proud of killing any life form, but I’m proud to be her dad.” He drops his arms and hugs his daughter.
Hadwin tosses both of his arms with a chuckle and a grin. “I liked killing. It was fun. I had fought right beside the true magical human riders, consisting of my human dad, Walcott’s human mom, Stad’s human dad, Yachel’s human mom, and other humans. Each pure fairy stayed behind and inside the shelter the fairy godmother tree house for their safety. Now, I am a true human, not a fairy boy, anymore.”
Molfalso laughs, “That…that doesn’t sound good, human male.”
Hadwin laughs. “All the humans, me and Molfalso, are going to our new home in the human world, after we finish this stupid chat in the hot sun. So, hurry it up, ya’ll.”
I exhale with sadness. “Walcott is dead.”
“Yeah! And his parents also died during the fairy war too.” Hadwin looks down with a sad face and views his boot toes.
Fairy Godmother North smiles to Persia. “You have heard the fairy tale from Fairyland for the last time. Now, you have a choice, fairy princess Persia. What is your desired wish from me or another one of the fairy godmother, fairy Persia?”
I turn and gasp at Yachel and then the fairy godmother. “I can’t be a fairy and a human, at the same time.”
Fairy Godmother East shakes her tiara and her ponytail with a sad face. “No, child! You must pick either a fairy or a human.”
Gable crosses his arms over his naked chest and shakes his skull with a sneer. “I don’t wanna be a human ever.”
“I don’t wanna be human either. My parents had been a pair of pure fairies. To heck with the foo-foo humans, I am a fairy, always and forever.” Apella stomps her boot heels in angry and crosses her arms, growling at each fairy godmother.
I gasp in alarm and stare at the nose profile on Gable. “Your fairy parents have died, like mine, during Second Fairy War, Gable. How will you live here in the wasteland of Fairyland? Where will you live here within the flooding water that covers Fairyland?”
Gable turns with a smile and points to a small thatch of tall trees in the far distance using his fairy eyeballs. “Inside one of the surviving trees, our fairy ancestries did that same thing, centuries ago. So, I can do the same dang thing, present day,” he drops his arm and slaps his leg, nodding with a smile to Persia.
I frown at Gable and his determination of a new hard life. “I will not. I wanna be a human girl, instead.”
Molfalso scans the sky and then the water, saying with a worried brow. “How do we leave out from drowning lands here in Fairyland? The other humans have left alright from the hidden fairy godmother tree house, which is slowly drowning in the cold ocean waters also. Have we missed the bus, ya’ll?”
Yachel thumbs back over her collar bone and points at the line of golden fairy coaches, nodding with a smile to Persia. “We go and travel in style down into the human world inside a fairy coach. Both Fairy Godmothers West and East had dropped off rows of them for our transportation back into the human world. The fairy godmothers are the only true fairies from Fairyland now. They have some great awesome fairy powers as a powerful fairy godmother.”
I gasp in alarm. “Wait!” I narrow the eyelashes and scan the watery landscape that had been Fairyland.
Yachel frowns. “Persia, don’t change your mind, please.”
I scan the ugly flaming red and blue fires on the top of the dark flood waters that goes around the island, where each dead body part from a beastie and boggart slowly burn down into a pile of colorful ashes. I wipe my sad tears which flood each eyeballs, returning back and view each fairy godmother. “I can change, but you cannot change your fairy status.”
Fairy Godmother East winks with a smile to Persia. “Persia is smart for a fairy gal.”
Apella gasps in alarm at each fairy godmother. “What?”
I say with sadness. “The four fairy godmothers are part of the island with greater powers than the wee fairies. The island is drowning inside the ocean waters, probably going down within a couple of days. You, the four fairy godmothers are sacrificing yourself for the well-being of each pure fairy and every morphed human. Am I correct here?”
Yachel gasps in shock. “What?”
Fairy Godmother East nods with a stern face. “Yes, fairy Persia! Fairy Godmother North and I will use our last dwindling fairy godmother powers while tarrying you and all the other humans into the human world. Then, she and I will no longer exist here on the earth plane.”
I nod. “I am so sorry for your loss too.”
Fairy Godmother North smiles with a nod. “I am not. I am so pleased that fairies will survive inside the human world, even if each one is cleverly disguise and acting like a human.”
Fairy Godmother East reaches out and touches Persia on the collar bone, nodding with a smile. “Fairy princess Persia, please, change into your fancy fairy dress and your sandals, one more time!”
I wipe each sad tear from my wet eyelash with a nod, exhaling with a puff of nervousness, turning to my bestest friend human teenager Yachel. She nods with a smile. I turn and view human female Zann. She nods with a smile too.
I turn and view fairy gal Apella. She shakes her curls and crosses her arms, stomping her boot heels in fury.
I turn and view fairy guy Gable. He shakes his skull and crosses his arms, stomping his naked feet.
I turn and view Fairy Godmother East, nodding in silence, closing my eyelashes. I rub my magenta glittering gem stone down my body on each piece of wet clothing item down to my naked feet. My fancy fairy black colored plantation dress appears over my body. My pair of black platform sandals covers my naked feet, feeling cool inside my sweaty feet. I whisper for each pair of fairy eardrums with a smile, “I am ready.”
“I am not ready.” Apella shakes her curls and her tiara dancing side to side in fury and fear.
Fairy Godmother East frowns at Apella. “You turn is coming, fairy princess Apella. Please, stand still and be quiet,” she smiles back at Persia. “Tell me your desired solo wish, fairy princess Persia!”
I exhale with a puff of excitement and nervousness. “I wish to become one hundred percent a human female.”
“Humano beeing,” Fairy Godmother East lifts up and waves her fairy wand with an ugly jagged blue tinted gem stone at the tip, slowly dropping the glittering tip from Persia’s hair roots, trailing down her dress to her set of naked toes inside her pair of sandal heels. She engulfs the fairy princess inside a cylinder of sparkling blue. The blue fairy wave sucks back into her jagged gem stone with a loud hiss.
I feel coolness and hotness, gasping in shock, opening my eyelashes. I slap my fairy gown and shake my naked skull. “My black fairy dress has turned into the color of magenta like my gem stone. And I don’t have wear a tiara over my hair strands, anymore. But, I still feel like a fairy princess.”
Yachel grins with a nod. “You will always be a fairy princess inside your heart, but a human girl in form of a teenager like the rest of us, teens standing here in the heated sunlight. Now, darling, you got no tiara. No cape. No powers. Your gem stone is only a hand ornament. The gem stone is powerless to use now. Try it!”
I lift up and aim my gem stone inside my palm golden shell at one of the burnt tree in the far distance from the other people, tapping the stone, gasping in alarm. Nothing comes out from my gem stone, not a colorful wave or a slender finger or a folded fist. “There is no wave or surge of fairy power from my guts.” I gasp in shock. “I’m really not a fairy anymore.”
Stad grins. “Naw! You’re a human girl teenager, sixteen years old. We gotta go to school in the human world, too, like my parents say.”
I cuddle my hand with the palm shell and frown at Yachel. “I don’t have a set of biological parents. My parents shot out their fairy ray killing the other life forms. Then they morphed into a pair of ugly boggarts, firing and killing each half-breed. Did any other fairies live through the fairy war, like me, Gable, and Apella?”
Hadwin raises both of his arms in the air and laughs with a grin. “Naw, a total half-breed victory.” Stad reaches over and slams Hadwin in the exposed chest with his fist and a sour frown.
Hadwin drops both hands and touches his hard stomach, laughing with amusement.
Yachel reaches over and removes her palm shell with the embedded pale blue tinted gem stone from her hand, lifting up, wrapping the item around her naked throat. She winks with a smile to Persia. “My newest piece of jewelry, complimenting my pale blue fairy princess gown, a new human necklace,” she slaps her gown with a giggle.
I look down and view my golden palm shell with the embedded sparking magenta tinted gem stone, exhaling with happy memories as a girl fairy.
I had made the golden shell in Fourth Class at the Prince and Princes Fairy Academy.
I say to my gem stone. “I really am not a fairy princess anymore. I don’t mind being a human girl. Now, I got no choice.”
I tap my gem stone with a frown. “And I got no more fairy wave release.” I look up and smile to Yachel. “We did some cool stuff as a teen fairy princess. The only thing I wanted. I just wanted to know what the gem stone color magenta represented, when I was a fairy.”
Fairy Godmother North grins at Persia, “A free spirit, the color of magenta represents a free spirit such like a former fairy princess back then and now a new human girl today.”
I grin with a nod. “Wow! Really! I guess I was a free spirit like Lady Elizabeth.” I look up and view the bright blue sky and the white clouds. I do not possess my set of fairy eyeballs anymore. I can’t see the hidden bright stars, the gray tinted moon, and the outline of black colored outer space with the numerous colorful planets. I whisper up to Lady Elizabeth. “Thank you!”
Yachel reaches over and slaps Persia on the forearm. 
I look down and smile at my bestest human friend Yachel in silence.
She smiles. “Let’s go and exercise some of your free spirit, human female teenager Persia.”
I look down and remove my palm shell representing my old fairy life, feeling confusion, worry, sad, looking up with a worried brow to see the wasted landscape here in Fairyland. “What is going to happen to new old home of Fairyland?”
Fairy Grandmother North frowns at the wasted and wet landscape too. “The island is drowning in sea water. The next few nightly flood waters will not recede. The land can’t absorb the overflow of ocean water. The dirt, the grass, the stones, and the upright wooden buildings, and the farm crops will flood and die. Fairyland will fall down into the ocean within the next few days and eventually disappear from Planet Earth. Only a handful of survivors will ever remember the island paradise and hopefully will not forget about us.”
I exhale with frustration. “I don’t understand any of this ugly mess. Why did the fairy queen attack all the half breeds that resulted in a sucky outcome for each pure fairy?”
Fairy Grandmother East exhales with frustration also. “The fairy queen had stolen each human baby over centuries and turned each one into a house brownie. She was very ancient and old and could not transport across the vast miles of open ocean anymore for more brownie slaves. So, she learned to feared the new flood of birthed half-breeds. And she didn’t want to lose her Fairyland to the rebellious fairies and brave gang of half-breeds. Now, she is located down underneath the ocean waves both dead and buried within the ocean sands for the rest of her days too.”
I slap a chest with nervousness. “What is going to happen to me now? How am I going to live inside the human world? I don’t have money or parents or shelter or food.”
Molfalso frowns at his girlfriend Zann. “That is my question too. How do I live inside the human world? I got no money or skills or family members, either.”
Yachel’s dad thumbs back over his collar bone and points at the line of coaches on top of the smooth rock platform. “Each surviving rust-bucket fairy coach is composed of pure gold. The mineral gold is very valuable inside the human world. The two remaining fairy godmothers will fly us into the human world inside a coach and then leave the row of coaches. We take a coach and convert into the human money. The human money buys shelter, food, and clothing for our new human life within the new human world. Don’t worry, teens! My wife is a human. Her family is a human family. And you are a human now. Therefore, we live as a new human family getting used to the human life together.”
Zann leans over and hugs Molfalso, pulling back with a smile. “Is that okay, darling?”
Molfalso exhales with relief and smiles to Zann. “I’m a human teen male now. I’m okay with this, as long as, I’m with you, sweetheart.”
“I love you, Molfalso.” Zann leans over and kisses his lips, without stopping.
Zann’s dad clears his throat and reaches out, tapping Molfalso on the collar bone, saying with a stern face and a serious tone. “You and her can do that after college, ya’ll.”
Molfalso pulls back from Zann and wipes the spittle from his lips, cuddling her, frowning at Zann’s father, “College! What is a college? What did I do wrong to go to college?”
The huddle of human adults shares a laugh.
Yachel’s mom winks at Molfalso. “Molfalso will live within Hadwin’s home, until all the teens go off to college in a couple of years.”
Hadwin leans over and performs a fist bump with his human friend Molfalso, laughing with a nod, “Bros, forever!”
Molfalso laughs with Hadwin and frowns at Zann “What is a college? I don’t understand. Why can’t we live together, Zann?”
Zann hugs him and giggles at his innocent question.
On top of the rock surface, fairy princess Apella stomps both of her boot heels for attention and sneers at each old and new human teen with a sour frown. “What is going to happen to you, human Persia? Once you travel away from the Fairyland and live inside the pretty human world, what will you do there? Well, I don’t really care, human girl Persia. Now, what is going to happened to me, fairy princess Apella? I wanna stay and live here within bloated and non-floated Fairyland for the rest of my days like a pure fairy.”
“Morphie pixie, Apella!” Fairy Godmother North lifts up and aims her wicked wand tip, shooting out her yellow colored fairy wave at fairy girl Apella.
“Morphie pixie, Gable.” Fairy Godmother East lifts up and fires out her blue colored fairy wave from her wicked wand tip at fairy guy Gable.
Fairy princess Apella quickly morphs into a tiny life form that display a tone of pink colored skin which is no taller than one inch in math measurements. She possesses a delicate tiny nose, a tiny mouth, a pair of two high cheekbones, and two arched eyebrows. Her hair is black colored short which is cropped around her two ear points. She possesses a set of tiny red flapping pixie wings.
“Awe! It’s a wee little pink girl,” Yachel giggles at Apella.
Gable morphs a few seconds later. He possesses a tone of light blue skin color and displays an inch-high pixie body frame with the same facial and body features as Apella, except for a pair of white colored pixie wings and a head of cropped blonde colored hair.
“Ugh! It’s a wee ugly little blue boy,” Molfalso laughs at Gable.
Each human and fairy godmother stare at the two pixies and sound with a series of giggles and chuckles. Both pixie Apella and Gable buzz around each other, flapping a pair of fluttering tiny wings, staring at each other in shock. 
Fairy Godmother North giggles. “The shock wave will wear off very soon. Now, fairies Apella and Gable are a pair of tiny pixies who are both innocent and humble with no pretentious attitude towards either humans or animals. There you go, pixie darlings. No thanks are needed from your tiny acidic tongues, if I could even hear your buzzy words.”
Fairy Godmother East slaps the wand down on her forearm with a worried brow. “I’m getting low on my fairy godmother dust.” She looks up and nods to each human. “We need to go, now, my new human friends.” She swings around from the people and strolls ahead towards the lead coach, which is still parked on top of the rock formation.
I stare at Apella as a tiny pink pixie. Apella flies around in a circle and then disappears from the air waves. I gasp with shock.
Fairy Godmother North reaches over and pats her breast with a smile and a wink to Persia. “Pixie Apella is inside my breast pocket for safekeeping during our long trip over the vast ocean waters and then into the pretty human world. She is well and alive along with her new playmate pixie Gable. I ask that you place the two pixies inside a flower garden. In there, they will live and survive for many, many centuries,” she spins around and advances to the first row of golden tinted coaches with a smile.
I smile with a nod. “Yes ma’am, I will do that honor for pixie Apella and Gable.”
Yachel leans over and grabs Persia’s arm, dragging both of them towards the line of coaches. She smiles. “You will live with me and my biological family. You are like my sister, before. Now, you’re like my real sister, really now,” she laughs.
I laugh and move with my friend. “I guess so.”
Yachel’s mom races ahead and stops in front of the pair, Yachel and Persia, leaning over, hugging Persia. She pulls back with a smile and a nod. “I always thought of you, like my other daughter, Persia. You and Yachel are not alike, but complement each other. You, two have been like sisters, since your baby births. I’m proud that you have chosen to become a human female. I’m more proud that you have chosen to live with me and our human family. Let’s go to our new human home, kids.” She swings around with a smile and moves with her husband, strolling ahead towards the second coach on the second row with Zann’s parents.
Stad stands in front of the second golden tinted fairy coach, waving both arms in the air with a smile to Yachel and Persia.
The first coach is being driven by Fairy Godmother North as she scoots down into the lead coach.
Zann and Molfalso spin around and move ahead, scooting down into the third coach, alone, whispering and kissing each other.
On the second row of golden fairy coaches, Fairy Godmother East views each human and ensure each life form has left the drowning rock, sliding down the driver’s seat. She wiggles her dress hem around the leather and gets comfortable, shouting out loud. “Every human, get ready! I’m releasing my fairy wave. The trip will short and sweet.” She releases out her blue tinted fairy wave and hits down at her sandals, coming up her dress, and finally above her hair roots, back flying over each coach rooftop in the single row that glows in a blue dover.
She slowly lifts the row of coaches from the hard rock surface and swiftly flies through the air wave from the remnants of Fairyland. She leaves a trail of blue colored fairy dust over the blue sky.
On top of the hard surface, Yachel moves ahead and stops at the second coach with her boyfriend Stad. “We go and live in the human world now. We’re both cute and clever human girls.”
I stop and stand beside Yachel, exhaling with a broken heart, slowly spinning around. I view my fairy home for the last time with a heavy heart of a fairy. “I wish that Britton hadn’t become a boggart ...”
Yachel nods. “Yeah, I know. But, the four fairy godmothers warned us all. If a fairy kills a life form, then the fairy morphs into a boggart. I’m so sorry, Persia. Britton didn’t want to listen to anyone.”
I wipe each sad tears from my wet eyelashes. “He wanted to harm other life forms. I don’t wanna do harm any life form. I didn’t wanna become a boggart, either.”
Yachel shoves Persia into the side of the coach. “Look! You didn’t. And don’t worry about that.”
I frown at her nose profile with a slight sneer. “You say that word a lot, Yachel. So, what am I going to do inside the human world? Go to school and then and then …”
Yachel smiles. “Okay! Okay! You twisted my human hairy arm. I’ll tattle-tail to you. I know some really cute human guys, seventeen and sixteen years old. Some are my human cousins from my mom’s human family, who are all tall, cute, smart, single.”
I smile, “Really?”
“Really!” She flips a hand into the air with a smile. “Don’t worry, honey! I got lots of cousins, all cute males too.” Yachel grabs and drags Persia into the front seat on the second coach.
Stad slides down into the rear bench and leans over the seat with a nod and a grin at Persia.
I sit down in the seat and spin around to see Stad, gasping in shock, “Really?”
She giggles. “Really! I’m a human girl. I don’t lie like a pure fairy. And they will adore and worship you, too, a cute human teen girl.” Yachel scoots down into the rear seat with her human boyfriend Stad as she is not a fairy princess anymore either.
I gasp with a nod at Yachel in the rear seat. “So, you had visited with your human grandmother during all those summertime days, before starting the Fairy Academy, each year.”
She nods with a grin. “Yeah, my human grandmother, she is really cool and old. She possesses lots of skin wrinkles and gray hair strands. She laughs and bakes good tasting chocolate chip cookies too. You’re going to very happy inside the human world as a human teen, Persia.”
I view Yachel, then the coach, then Stad, and finally Hadwin.
Hadwin sits in the third coach in the driver’s seat but he can’t fly through the air with fairy magic either. He isn’t a fairy guy anymore, but a human teen male. He taps on the dashboard making funny sounds with both his hands and his lips.
I exhale with a puff of happiness and excitement with my same old fairy teens and my same new human teens consisting of Yachel, Stad, Hadwin, Zann, and Molfalso.
Fairy Godmother North sits inside the driver’s seat on the lead fairy coach and yells out loud for each pair of human eardrums. “Don’t hold on, teen and adult humans! This fairy ride will be both smooth and calm. Sit back and enjoy the green colored water and the blue colored sky! We’re off this rock, ya’ll.”
She faces the sky and ignites her fairy wand releasing out a yellow tinted fairy wave, covering her sandals, her dress, and the lead coach exterior frame. Her yellow wave moves backwards and engulfs the entire row of golden colored coaches. She slowly lifts her flat yellow fairy wave up from the gray limestone rock. 
Her gem stone fairy wave shoots out towards the pale blue skyline, leaving a long streak of yellow tinted fairy dust, intermingling with the fluttering streaks of pink, blue, and green.



The Fairy End
