THE ZESTY ADVENTURES COLLECTION: VOLUME 1 

Copyright 2021 Bernard M. Carlyle.
Published by Bernard M. Carlyle at Smashwords


Table Of Contents

PREFACE
STORY 1: 'Tale Of The Mystical Tavern'
STORY 2: 'The Verdant Vigil'
STORY 3: 'Cyber Angel'
STORY 4: 'Pacts And Palpitation'
STORY 5: 'Wile-Wind: The Wayfarer'


PREFACE

The Zesty Adventures Collection comprises an array of original, fictional stories written in several different genres and packaged together. The genres used in each Volume will vary greatly, and may include genres such as Fantasy, Romance, Science Fiction, Paranormal, Action Adventure, and so on. Some stories (particularly Romance stories) may naturally contain suggestive themes, but this is usually done in a lighthearted, humorous or non-explicit fashion. Each story is self-contained, telling its own tale while being neither a prequel nor sequel of any of the other stories. Therefore, it is advised that no inferences be made between specific stories in this collection and stories found anywhere else. Consequently, it is the author's hope that you, the reader, will be able to enjoy these stories within the parameters of their contextual confines.
Each Volume of 'The Zesty Adventures Collection' will generally contain five(5) stories in total, with the exception of Volume 6, which, being the final intended Volume, will have six(6) stories. This current Volume is the first of six Volumes. In all, these stories are designed to explore imaginative and novel concepts and mechanics. As such, they are intended to entertain, enchant and stimulate more so than anything else, and so an open mind will help the reader to appreciate the myriad perspectives offered by this series. That said, I do hope you enjoy the series. And I thank you for your patronage.


STORY 1: 'Tale Of The Mystical Tavern'


A Wholly Fictional Work Of Fantasy And Should Be Treated As Such


Chapter 1 — A Place of Simple Magics 

The Misty Col Tavern was replete with the laughter of men and women alike. Within the main hall, the sweet sounds of cheerful music could be heard filling the air, courtesy of a band of itinerant musicians. Sunset seemed not too far away, and more and more patrons were making their way into the tavern for the sake of accommodation or for a good drink.
The owner of the tavern stood behind the counter, wiping clean an empty pitcher while watching all the lively bodies promenade, serenade or heartily quaff down the intoxicating slush that swirled in their cups. Over in the corner, a group of men could be heard making drinking bets on sobriety with regards to the feminine number at their table. It seemed the tavern would be a bit lively tonight.
Soon a young man with a broom moved towards the barkeep, beads of sweat on his forehead though he wore a light-hearted countenance.
“Have you finished clearing the cauldron, Hiln?” asked the barkeep.
The man with the broom wiped his brow, “Yes, sir, Alrej.”
“Good.” The barkeep then looked to the nearest waitress. “Welunia?” he called.
“Yes?” answered the girl promptly.
“If you're not too busy, will you take these mugs over to that table?”
The girl followed where Alrej was pointing and moved toward the counter in a lively fashion, “Right away and without delay,” she said complaisantly. 
Both Hiln and the tavern owner watched Welunia move to deliver the bram.
“She certainly seems to be in good mood,” said Hiln with a grin.
Alrej laughed, “Strangely enough, I noticed the same thing about you. For a while I thought maybe she had been giving you, uh, advice... on how to treat our customers.”
Hiln seemed a bit flustered, “I'm not one for gossip, but a few here would be heart struck if they thought Welunia was giving me... advice. Other than that, as feathers under your wing, she and I get along well enough.” Hiln noticed a puckish grin form on the barkeep's face and quickly raised an index finger to express his feelings about the topic.
Alrej laughed, “I didn't think you'd treat the matter so solemnly. I was just playing at your dismay.”
Hiln relaxed a bit. He eyed the scar on Alrej's shoulder. “In all honesty, when I first joined this tavern, I didn't get the impression that you were one to jest.”
“You know,” replied Alrej, “I've heard people say the ale here cures what ails them. And I hear laughter is a good medicine too.”
“Maybe so. Can't say I question your good judgment after—”
Hiln was interrupted by the loud slam of the tavern door. He, Alrej and others looked to see what the commotion was about. 
Four travelers had just entered the tavern: three men and a woman. They all seemed out of breath yet nevertheless seemed committed to farther travels.
“Is this the Misty Col Tavern?” asked one of the new entrants, his voice quick but serious.
“It is,” answered the barkeep equably. “Do you need further directions?”
“Yes, please. Where lies Wind Bay Village? We have a delivery to make and only three days to do so.”
“Wind Bay?” repeated Alrej. “People passing through here aren't usually headed in that direction these days. Haven't been there in a while myself. But if you're looking to reach Wind Bay, you have a few options. You can either circle the mountains till you reach the valley and take the footpath from there, or you can travel along the col between the mountains, which is suppose to be the faster route.”
“How long will each of those paths take to reach our destination?” asked the woman of the traveling group.
“It depends on your pace,” answered Alrej. “But since I don't foresee the weather troubling you, going around the mountain should take you no longer than two to two and a half days. The path between the mountains will take about twenty four hours.”
“Only twenty four hours?” said one of the male travelers. “It seems we'll have plenty of time to spare if we cut through the mountains.”
“Can I interest you in some refreshments then? You seem rather careworn.”
“Indeed, I'm parched. We could use a drink.”
The tavern slowly began returning to its normal atmosphere. As the usual sounds filled the air, the four travelers found themselves before the barkeep's counter. The group scanned the room and returned their attention to the owner of the tavern.
“I must say, you have a rather nice place here,” said a member of the travelers.
“Thank you,” replied the tavern owner. “You can call me Alrej.”
“Ah. I'm Ganto, the leader of our group.”
“Nice to meet you, Ganto. You said your group is heading to Wind Bay?”
“Yes. It's an urgent matter. Just our luck that we almost got lost before finding this tavern. Didn't think this route was so popular. When the passers-by kept telling us to keep going till we reach the 'mystical tavern' we really weren't sure what to expect. In any case, it seems we're on the right track, and it was an auspicious thing that we came across this place.”
“I'll say,” said the woman of the traveling group, “with all the rumors of the monsters prowling in these parts I feared for our safety. I really wasn't fond of watching these three fend off the fanged lizards and the magicked sprites that comb the tall grass. To hear that there were even stranger and scarier magical creatures about was just too much to believe.”
Alrej seemed to clench his jaw a bit, “Miss, as a general rule, it is best to assume safety regardless of the path you choose to take...”
The four travelers blinked owlishly and returned their attention to the owner of the tavern.
“Alrej,” said Ganto, “you're not actually implying that the pathways to Wind Bay are actually that dangerous, are you?”
“The path around the mountain is safe, I give you that. But people tend to traverse the col with some trepidation.”
At the sober tone of Alrej's voice, Hiln, who was passing by drew closer. 
“Then... the rumors were true?” asked Ganto. “But if they are then the long route is our only option. You said it's a two and half day journey. Then we really don't have time to waste. We'll have to leave right away!”
Alrej halted the man as he rose to his feet, “Slow down,” he cautioned. “You can still cross the mountain over the course of a day.”
“But you just said—”
“I know what I said. But perhaps it is best that you hear the story of these particular mountains before continuing toward Wind Bay.”
“The story of these mountains?” repeated the female traveler.
“Yes. I promise you it won't take too long.”
Suddenly Hiln rushed forth in a lively manner, “Um, Alrej, do you mind if I tell the story?”
“Oh?” said Alrej. “You think you're up to it.”
“I believe I am.”
Alrej massaged his chin a moment, “Very well. I'll leave it up to you.”
Hiln turned animatedly toward the four travelers, and they to him.
“All right,” said Hiln, rubbing his palms together, “let's start... at the beginning.”

***
Chapter 2 — Petals Under The Moon

It all happened ten years ago.
Two burly travelers found themselves making their way up toward the mountain path. They were seasoned fighters from a far away city. One was called Brildor and the other fighter's name was Tolwick. Along the way they noticed an idyllic residence at the foot of the mountain. Like most travelers they approached to ask for directions.
“Excuse me,” said the one called Brildor, “are you the owner of this tavern?”
The tavern's owner paused to regard the two travelers, “Yes, I am. Are you two headed toward Wind Bay?”
“We are,” answered Tolwick. “Which way is the fastest?”
“The quickest path is through the col.”
“Thank you, kind stranger.”
The tavern owner seemed momentarily apprehensive, “I said that way is the fastest. I didn't say it is the safest.”
Brildor and Tolwick looked at each other in confusion then back at the tavern owner.
“We've seen our fair share of the nature's wild side,” said Brildor. “I think we'll be all right if we travel between the mountains.”
“I hesitate to award you that confidence,” replied the tavern owner.
“Why's that?”
The tavern keeper spoke with reverence and a tinge of fear, “The spirits of nature are angry and have taken physical form. Even a butterfly's kiss might bring you ill favor on the way. A dense mist lies along the col. A blanket of shadow that distorts one's sense. Those who walk that path have seldom returned to this spot. And Wind Bay's numbers remain the same. The residents of the magical passage lie in wait.”
There was a momentary silence.
“Thank you for your kindness, stranger,” said Brildor. “But if nature as you say has in fact lost its good senses, all the more reason to gain understanding of what exactly transpires in that crevice.”
The tavern keeper seemed bewildered, his lost of words apparent, “You would embrace the mortal march to the malevolent spirits? Ha! I'd sooner hand you the key to the tavern than believe you're ready for what lies in the mist. Of this you can be sure. I implore you to circle the mountain.”
“You've said your piece,” said Tolwick. “And now we will go our own way. You have our thanks thus far.”
Brildor and Tolwick departed from the tavern and began making their way toward the col that divided the two mountains. The two men spoke as they viewed the surroundings.
“A nostalgic sight, isn't it?” said Brildor. “Quaint but somehow possessing a compelling charm.”
“I suppose so, though sentimentality isn't usually your style, Brildor.”
“True. But this place presents a nice reprieve from the usual fare. I might just venture here again.”
“If the tavern keeper's account is accurate, this may be no gentle walk through the glade.”
“Even so—” Brildor seemed to paused mid sentence.
“What is it?”
“Is it just me or is it getting overly overcast?” asked Brildor with a leery expression.
Tolwick scanned the area, “Now that you mention it, it seems a fog has set it.”
“Yes, but why does it possess such a gaseous sheen?”
The two men looked about, unable to tell what direction they had walked from.
“The mist!” said the two fighters at the same time. Listening closely, they could hear haunting wailing noises.
“I don't trust this mist,” said Brildor. “I'm unsure if we can trust our senses either.”
Tolwick reached for something in his pocket: an amulet. “Then let me dispel the magical air that bars our passage. He then began waving the magical amulet around. The amulet glowed and slowly a small portion of the fog became undone. Their distant surrounding was still vague and blanketed, but it seemed the path before them was now somewhat navigable.
The two moved forward cautiously and soon encountered a lone looming silhouette before them.
“Who goes there?” asked Tolwick, holding up the amulet.
A female voice sounded in response, “It is not for the interlopers to ask that question. And so I ask the same of you. Who are you that treads here?”
Brildor stepped forward, “We are travelers seeking to reach the other side of the mountain.”
“I see... Were you not warned against this passage?”
“Warning or nay, this was the quickest path.”
Suddenly the figure moved from the distant fog and into visibility. Its revealed form plant and humanoid. “Yet another demonstration of your foolhardy nature.”
The creature had thorny vines flowing from all about her, and had flowers blossoming about and above her midriff like an aromatic bodice.
Brildor rubbed his chin. “You say that but... have we met before? Yours is a fragrance I would have been sure to remember.”
“Spare me your pseudo-commitment to romanticism,” said the creature haughtily. 
“If such is your wish. But it still doesn't answer the question of 'who' or 'what' you are.”
The creature swayed its green vines sensually, “I am Palyla, a resident of this mythical ether.”
“A resident of the ether?” repeated Tolwick.
“Indeed,” said Palyla. “One born by the breath of nature and the thoughts of man.”
“I see,” said Tolwick. “Then you are a willful manifestation of animism?”
“In a manner of ways, yes. Though your presence here is the real mystery. But it matters not. For there are only two choices set before you: leave now... or be assimilated by the mist. And since I have no intention of letting you escape...” Palyla watched as Brildor slowly reached for his sword. “...It seems our actions must decide what words cannot achieve. Very well then. You are destined to delve deeper into the misty crevice.”
Brildor took a step forward. 
“Tolwick?” he said solemnly.
“Yes, brother?”
“I'll handle this. I know your magic might be a better availing force given the circumstances, but since we don't know what else lies ahead, I'd hate you to be fatigued by combat as well as navigation.”
“I see,” said Tolwick. “I won't try to dissuade you. I'll continue to repel the creeping air. Be careful. And be quick with her.”
“I don't know about that, but I'll see what I can do.”
With those words, Brildor rushed forward with his sword. 
Palyla, witnessing the approach, commanded her vines about her to attack. Perforce, Brildor ducked the thorns, eased backward a moment, and then resumed the offensive. However his movements were abruptly halted. A group of vines had just shot out of the ground and snared one of his feet. More so alarming, the vines were threatening to envelop the rest of his body. 
Brildor could hear Tolwick's shout of concern. He quickly began slicing away the possessed vegetation. After thus freeing himself, he rolled to avoid Palyla's thrown bombardment of rocks. He then stood to face her once more.
“What a lively flower you are,” said Brildor. “I've never encountered more deadly petals.”
Palyla summoned a large, spiked segmented vine and held it up, “Roses have thorns for a reason...” she said emphatically.
Suddenly Palyla's vine began to burst segment by segment, and with each burst, myriad thorns were sent scattered in all directions. Brildor moved with celerity around the battlefield, circling his opponent while evading the thorny projectiles. It was only during this circular run that he made a salient observation. 
He caught a glimpse of something shining behind his opponent. Palyla, for her construct, in place of human hair, had pretty vines flowing from her head like tresses. But what was astonishing was the luminous bulb that glowed at the connective end of her vine-like hair.
“I'll wager that's no ordinary bulb...” muttered Brildor as he changed directions and began running toward Palyla. 
With deft precision he sliced through the frenzied plants, making his way ever closer to Palyla. One or two thorns stung him but somehow he managed to reach within a meter or two of his target. Palyla summoned a wall of roots before her for defense. But Brildor supervened her defense and circled her in quick succession. Before Palyla could raise another wall to shield herself, Brildor made quick work of the pretty hair-like vines that held the luminous bulb.
He caught the shining bulb in one hand. And in seeing Palyla's strength leave her, he caught her in the other hand.
Silence fell upon the battlefield.
Brildor looked from Palyla to the bulb, from the bulb to Palyla. The bulb was still shining, but Palyla seemed to be growing weaker.
“It seems nature is calling me...” said Palyla. 
“What do you mean?” asked Brildor. “What exactly is this radiant bulb?”
Palyla paused in response. Then slowly she exhaled. “It... is my heart...”
Brildor's eyes widened, “Your... heart?”
“Yes,” she answered weakly. “Quite literally...”
Suddenly Palyla began laughing, a strange laugh it was.
Brildor looked at her in confusion, “Palyla... why... are you laughing?”
All at once she became quiet, and slowly her lips began to part, “Because I hate you...”
Suddenly Palyla's eyes closed and she became still. Brildor observed her a moment and then set her onto the ground. 
Soon the air about them began to change. It seemed the magical mist of this particular area of the col was clearing. The sky became visible and the walkways discernible.
Brildor remained standing where he was, the bulb still very much in his hand and still very much radiating a warm light.

***

Chapter 3 — Path Of Mages

Following the encounter with Palyla, Brildor and Tolwick continued their journey along the mountains' col. They passed many strange sights along the way. It seemed the mist had not just canvassed the landscape but had also moderately affected the general plant life and animals. Thankfully, most of these alterations seemed innocuous in comparison to the likes of Palyla.
It was morning now. 
Brildor and Tolwick walked briskly forward.
“How are you feeling?” asked Tolwick.
“I'm fine,” Brildor answered. “Palyla didn't do too much harm. Can't say I've seen creatures like that before though. These... 'misty incarnations' are no trifling matter. Getting lost in the fog is one thing, but for the uninitiated such creatures spell doom. Perhaps this path might not have been the correct choice.”
Tolwick smiled wryly, “Getting scared?”
“Hardly.”
“Good, though I'm not about to run through the remainder of the mist with reckless abandon.”
“Strangely enough, you're the one who insisted on venturing to Wind Bay Village, Tolwick.”
“Yes, but you make it seem as though it's for the sightseeing. That place is like a gold mine. I hear the ether there is quite nice as well.”
Brildor reached down and plucked a vibrant mushroom from the grass, “Wind Bay seems more suited to a magical merchant, I think.”
“Hmm. Got some place in mind for yourself, do you?”
Brildor smiled slightly, “As a matter of fact... I do.” He then bit into the mushroom. “What's that over there?”
The two looked along the path, and spotted the seemingly endless path of mist similar to what they had encountered previously.
“It seems Palyla has friends,” said Tolwick as he and Brildor moved into the new area of mist.
“Yes, but are they any friendlier, I wonder.”
“I don't know. But hopefully this will be the last obstruction before reaching Wind Bay.”
The two men continued through the mist, with Tolwick leading the way. He had an amulet in hand as he negated some of the visual impairment of the mist. The sound of broken twigs sounded behind them. The two travelers paused momentarily, waiting for the danger to pass. When they confirmed it to be only a scurrying little woodland creature, they faced forward and resumed the journey.”
“What's that sound?” ask Tolwick all of a sudden.
Brildor listened closely, “It sounds like running water. Careful,” he said as Tolwick began moving toward the sound.
The two men stopped in their tracks at the newly discovered obstacle.
“This... could be a problem...” said Tolwick.
The two men looked over the precipitous ledge and at the raging river below. It was a treacherous distance between the ledge and the waters.
“Do you see any way to get across?” asked Brildor.
“It's difficult to say. This amulet's current range doesn't extend far enough to see the other side. Give me a moment.” 
Tolwick slowly began to utter an incantation. 
All at once the magic of the amulet negated an even wider span of the confounding mist. Indeed, the other side of the river was now visible. But it seemed a new matter had presented itself.
“Are you seeing what I'm seeing?” asked Tolwick.
“I see it,” replied Brildor. “But what exactly is it?”
The two travelers looked ahead and saw a lone cloaked figure standing above the river. Indeed, by simple observation of its stance, it was standing in midair. But it was such an unnatural sight. Though its face was shrouded, its reptilian arms that held the magical staff in its hand made it more so eerie.
Suddenly the creature spoke.
“Two souls wonder into the mountain's bosoms. Be they brave or benighted? Earned they oblivion or commendation?”
Brildor and Tolwick looked at each other, their perplexity in abundance.
“Who are you?” asked Brildor from dry land.
“I am Eltefra,” answered the creature from the space above the river but between the ledges, “guardian of the bridge.”
“Bridge?” repeated Tolwick dubiously. “What bridge?”
The creature called Eltefra knocked his magical staff at the space below his feet and suddenly sound echoed through the area as though a wall had been struck. “This bridge.”
“Though I hear your weapon make contact, I see no ground beneath your feet. Is the bridge you speak of unseeable?”
“It is...”
“You lie,” said Tolwick. “Surely this is a ruse.”
Eltefra took a few groundless steps towards the two, “See for yourself.”
“Don't do it,” said Brildor, as he saw Tolwick preparing to advance.
“Don't worry,” said Tolwick, “I'll take only one step.”
With that, Tolwick slowly placed his foot over the ledge. As he brought it down, he waited to see if his foot would make contact. Surprisingly, he felt an ostensibly invisible pathway. 
“He's telling the truth. It's a stone bridge but its invisible.” Tolwick slowly slid his feet across the invisible slab until he was several feet away from the ledge but seemingly hovering above the river.
“Tolwick,” said Brildor, “I don't quite like the sight of this. It looks dangerous. If we can't even see the bridge how can we be sure that there aren't any hidden snares or pitfalls?”
Tolwick looked back toward the visible landscape, “Pass me six of those small stones if you will.”
Brildor obliged. He picked up six small rocks and handed them to Tolwick. Tolwick skipped the first two stones on either side of Eltefra. The stones bounced all the way across the invisible platform and to the other side of the visible ledge. He then skipped two stones to one side of himself and two stones to the other side, noting the way the stones behaved and how far they traveled.
“I see,” said Brildor afterwards. “Now we have an estimate of the bridge's dimensions.”
“Yes,” replied Tolwick, “now fill your hands with pebbles and pass them here.”
Brildor complied. When Tolwick received the collection of pebbles he lightly threw them up and let them fall to the portion of the bridge in front. The pebbles scattered outward but mostly remained suspended on the invisible platform.
Suddenly Eltefra spoke again, “While I admire your attempt at mapping the bridge, it will do you no good. As guardian of the bridge, I cannot permit you to pass here and now.”
Tolwick heard the sound of Brildor drawing his sword but raised his own palm in reply. 
“No,” he said, “leave this one to me.”
“Are you certain?”
“Most certainly. But Brildor, I may require your passive assistance.”
“What do you mean?”
Tolwick exhaled before replying, “Keep an open eye and see what I cannot. Judge my steps and measure their fairness.”
Brildor looked from the other traveler to the pebbles seemingly floating in the air. “I understand. I'll alert you of the precarious perimeter.”
“I may not have much time to gauge distances accurately during this fight. So I appreciate you acting as depth perception.”
“You're welcome. Now secure our passage through this maze.”
Tolwick placed the amulet he had been wielding around his neck. He then reached into his pocket and took out two more amulets and placed one in each hand. He and the creature known as Eltefra then ran towards each other.
Eltefra attacked first, enabling razor sharp winds to spew from his staff and necessitating that Tolwick run to one side in an attempt to avoid the onslaught. Tolwick soon activated his amulets. He used the first amulet to unleash a counter gale, startling Eltefra and ending the creature's offensive. He then used the second amulet to shoot luminous spindles at his opponent. Eltefra was most surprised.
“Interesting...” said the creature when things calmed down. “I didn't expect you to be versed in the art of magic. Though it does explain why you have yet to succumb to the pernicious befuddlement of the mist.”
“I'm not half bad with a sword either,” replied Tolwick. “But I find the mystifying arts more to  my liking.”
“You say that and yet here you are seeking to undo the splendor of the col. This pocket between the mountains is infused with ether. I, a resident here, fail to see the consistency of your motivations.”
“You misunderstand. For the most part we only intended to traverse the pathway. But in seeing the nature of the mist, it seems our fate and the mist are intertwined. You were birthed by the coalescing of the will of nature and thoughts of mankind, the same as Palyla, were you not?”
“I was.”
“Why then does the mist seem repulsed by humans?”
“Why... do humans seem repulsed by everything else?” replied Eltefra.
For a time, neither person spoke nor moved.
Then Tolwick spoke again.
“Out of curiosity... is there something in particular of the col that precipitates your existence.”
“That... is a secret of these mountains. And this...” said Eltefra, twirling his staff and amassing magical energy, “is an invitation to your departure!”
Suddenly potent magic shot toward Tolwick. He had to move hastily away from  his current position.
“Don't!” shouted Brildor. “Or you'll fall!
Tolwick instantly remembered that the invisible bridge had no bars or paling. By the time he stopped running from the attack, he could feel his toes leaning over and preparing to fall to what would have likely been a fatal swim. He suddenly experienced an incredulous episode of vertigo. He momentarily glanced at the various pebbles scattered on the invisible bridge, which cured him of his disbelief. He quickly regained his balance. Amulets in hand, he began fighting fire with fire.
Brildor, from the safety of visible soil beneath his feet, watched the spectacle of the two magicians waging fierce battle on the nothingness that overlooked the river beneath. He watched carefully, serving as Tolwick's third eye. But even though he was able to maintain his footing, Tolwick soon found himself in an unwelcome predicament.
“Get away!” shouted Brildor. “Your back is to the—”
Tolwick knew before the sentence was finished. He was cornered. He grimaced at his chagrin. His opponent was right in front and he himself could take no steps backward lest he should fall. 
Eltefra seemed aware of the tactical outcome of his next action. His spell, though blocked by Tolwick's amulet, had enough force to make the other fighter lose his balance.
And so, Tolwick could no longer feel the invisible bridge beneath his feet. He was free falling toward a watery grave. Breath quickening as he fell, he quickly began rummaging through his pocket. He could feel the numerous amulets there. Suddenly he took out one of the amulets and held it up right before he could crash into the water. And all at once the amulet began raising him back up to the highland.
Tolwick's return startled Eltefra, so much so that the reptilian skinned creature momentarily paused, removing the cloak that covered its lizard-like head to stare up at the aerial magician.
Suddenly, Tolwick's amulet deactivated and he began falling towards the invisible bridge and towards Eltefra.
Eltefra immediately began unleashing a flurry of hexes into the air. Nonetheless, Tolwick preempted the attack. He drew his sword for the first time and began slicing through the incoming barrage as he continuing falling. His deft maneuver saw him reach his target without injury.
And when he was a few meters away, there came the final downward slash that ended the encounter.
Tolwick landed on his feet.
Though his attack connected he maintained his guard. For a time, only the sound of the raging river could be heard. Soon the distant mist began to clear. And following that, the once invisible stone bridge became visible and connected the two land formations. Only then did Tolwick permit himself to stow his blade and lighten his stance.

***

Chapter 4 — Through The Fog That Veils Tomorrow

“Are there any more?” asked Tolwick.
“No,” replied Brildor, “the rest of them are retreating back into the mist.”
The two men paused to assess the situation. Soon silence fell upon the area.
“Are we really heading into this mist?” asked Tolwick.
“Isn't that how we got here?”
“Yes, but these variants of the woodland spirits seem more troublesome than those we initially encountered...”
Brildor looked at the sword in his hand, “I don't see the problem.”
“I'm just saying that we're about three-quarters of the way through the col, and the mist here is notably heavy.”
“Three-quarters of the way, you surmise? All the more reasons to press forth, ridding the col of the mist in the process.”
Tolwick laughed, “That does seem efficient. But if I may say, I get the impression that you're suddenly invested in correcting the woes of the ether. Does it by chance have something to with what Eltefra said? You know, about the secret of the mountain?”
“I admit, I have a personal interest in these mountains, but nothing as mysterious nor definite. Let's just say it's a gamble of sorts.”
“I see. In any case,” said Tolwick, “I'd have to agree that retreating and circling the mountain would by and large be counterproductive.”
“Then let's continue the journey to Wind Bay henceforth.”
Brildor and Tolwick continued forth through the enigmatic mist. Luckily, it was still day time, and a bit of the light from the overhead sun made it through the mist. Tolwick however was still using his amulet to negate much of the fog.
Suddenly there was an earsplitting scream. It was a woman's voice. The two fighters began rushing through the area and towards the fearful cry.
“After this past day, I didn't think anyone would be brave enough to traverse this area,” said Brildor as the two ran while sifting through mist.
“Though I hesitate to point out the coincidental foolhardy nature of what you just said, I suppose hindsight is a fair mistress.”
“If you say so. Do you see our query anywhere or what's chasing her?”
“No.”
“How did she even get stuck this far in the mist?”
“Either Wind Bay is really near where we are, or she drew too close and got lost or...”
“Or whatever is chasing her has been chasing her all the way from Wind Bay,” supplied Brildor. “Ha. Still think Wind Bay is the destination of choice?”
“Honestly, I think I'll just refrain from jumping to conclusions,” replied Tolwick resolutely. Suddenly he spotted someone sitting against a tree. “Over there!” he pointed. He and Brildor began moving toward the figure. The two soon arrived.
“Are you hurt?” asked Tolwick.
The distraught woman looked at the duo in bewilderment as if pondering the serendipitous nature of their timing.
“I-I sprained my ankle.”
“I'll have a look,” said Tolwick. He began examining the woman's ankle. “What's your name?”
“Creslia,” she answered.
“Lovely name. It's nice to meet you, Creslia. I'm Tolwick and this is Brildor. May I ask how you ended up in the mist?”
“T-There's no time to explain. That thing is heading this way!”
“By thing, do you mean a formidable manifestation with frightful aberrations from the rest of the creatures here?”
Creslia looked up at Tolwick owlishly, “How did you know?”
The two fighters looked at each other a moment then back at Creslia.
“Which direction?” asked Brildor.
Using the tree she was leaning against, Creslia was able to point in the direction she had run from. 
Tolwick stood up. “Stay here,” he said to Creslia. “We'll return once the danger is dealt with. I promise.”
He and Brildor then moved away and allowed the mist to cloak her location. 
With amulet in hand, Tolwick dispelled the mist that was ahead and slowly moved forward.
“Lovely name, you say?” asked Brildor.
“What of it?” replied Tolwick.
“Oh nothing. But it would behoove you to remember our primary objective. You know, smooth talk won't do you any good until the mist clears.”
“I'll bare that in mind.”
The two continued onward. Soon they heard something heavy hit the ground. Then another loud thud.
“Are those... footsteps?” asked Brildor.
“No. Sounds more like falling rocks.” Suddenly a rather towering figure emerged from the mist, its feet hitting the ground with tremendous force. “I stand corrected.”
All at once, the three soon-to-be-embattled figures in the area paused to regard each other. 
Brildor and Tolwick examined the creature. It was difficult to tell whether the creature was a golem or mutated amphibian. Its arms and legs seemed clad in large polished rocks but its central anatomy seemed soft and glistening with a translucent slime. Moreover, it wielded a stone mace.
Suddenly the creature spoke, “Is there a reason why not one, but three humans have ventured into the ensorceling mist?”
“All three of us will gladly exit the mist if it rectifies the current quandary,” said Brildor.
“Treachery,” said the creature. “Did you not dispel the mist wrought by Palyla and Eltefra? Logic would dictate that you seek to undo the mist here as well. Between my hunger, the mist's thirst and the very fact that Palyla and Eltefra remain un-avenged, I can see no reason why the inevitable should be forestalled.”
“I see,” said Tolwick. “You spoke of what needs to be sated, but are you implying that the manifestations of the mist and the fog itself exist to be nourished by that which wanders into the mist?”
The creature paused a moment, “It would be more accurate to say the mist is converting human magic to nature magic.”
“What do you mean?”
“Humans can no longer hear the spirits that wander between worlds. As such these spirits manifest under certain conditions as ether mist. When humans enter the mist the magic that constitute their body and mind behave like a seed in a fertile pond. And the resulting manifestation may then take the analogous form of any living thing in nature. But after that... after that it is not quite a spirit. It requires the magic of nature and the thoughts of humans for sustenance. But since it possesses the convenience of primarily being a force of nature to begin with...”
“...It requires more of the latter energy to exist naturally on this side,” supplied Tolwick.
“Precisely. I believe I have indirectly answered your original question.” The creature then lifted the heavy mace. “Now to answer you with action rather than words.”
Brildor and Tolwick readied their weapons.
“You know, brother,” said Brildor. “I'm not of the mind that I should let you contest this creature alone.”
“Likewise,” answered Tolwick.
“One or both, it matters not,” said the golem, “the ether shall not be undone. I, Gombrol, shall preclude that egregious effrontery.”
Brildor and Tolwick rushed the golem, swords at the ready. They swung and slashed but the rocks protecting Gombrol's hands and feet seemed as hard as steel. The creature swung its massive arms and knocked the two combatants away. Tolwick soon resorted to the magical powers of his amulets, unleashing an assault of fire and ice. Gombrol guarded any area of himself that was exposed or susceptible.
Silence fell upon the battlefield.
“Tell me,” said Gombrol, “how is it that you have created this open sphere that surrounds us and repels the mist?” He watched as Tolwick held up the amulet around his neck. “I see. It is an ungainly effect.”	
Following Gombrol's words, he began to exude a dense, visible fume from his back. The fume however was rather familiar. It resembled in full the mist that they had all become accustomed to. The mist from Gombrol's back suffused the area, filling the space that Tolwick's amulet had negated. Once again Tolwick and Brildor were shrouded in mist that spanned all directions.
“Tolwick,” said Brildor, “why did you deactivate the amulet? The mist is too thick to see through.”
“It wasn't my doing,” answered Tolwick. “It seems to be Gombrol's counter magic. He's... negating my own negation of the mist.”
“So your amulet's magic has been nullified... Fantastic... Can't say I like these odds.”
“Look on the bright side,” said Tolwick, “at least the playing field is still even.”
“Wrong!” shouted Gombrol. 
Only the creature's voice alerted the duo of its proximity. Brildor turned hurriedly to face the sound. He was greeted with the immediate sight of the nearby stone mace moving toward him at full speed. He quickly place his sword forward and pressured his palm behind the flatness of the blade, intending to guard himself. Gombrol's attack was deflected but Brildor's stance was broken. And the second time the stone mace was swung, Brildor was struck on the shoulder.
Brildor was knocked aside with Tolwick shouting after him. Tolwick rushed over to assist.
“Are you all right?!” asked Tolwick.
Brildor steadied his breath, “I'll live.”
“That's one nasty wound though.” He eyed Brildor's unsightly bleeding shoulder. He watched as Brildor stood to his feet. “That creature... how did it circle us undetected?”
“It seems it can see just fine despite all this mist,” answered Brildor. “As for how it suddenly moves with such silent celerity, your guess is as good as mine. Suffice it to say we're in trouble.”
“Can you still wield your sword?”
“With the uninjured arm, sure. My offensive won't suffer too much, but defending is another issue.”
“Stay alert then. And do not falter.” A moment passed. And by way of his acuity, Tolwick suddenly sensed something, “Behind us!”
The two men jumped out the way just as the crushing mace came crashing down.
“Quickly!” said Brildor. “Strike before it gains the evasiveness of the mist once more.”
With that the two rushed the receding figure. Gombrol abandoned the momentary retreat and for a time was locked in combat with the two travelers. Brildor cleaved at the creature and Tolwick unleashed a flurry of spells from the amulets in his hands.
Suddenly, Gombrol howled through the mist.
“Wait,” said Tolwick to Brildor as the creature sought the cloak of the mist, “don't chase after it.” The mist suddenly became silent. “It seems to have been wounded in that last encounter.”
“Are we simply going to wait for it to resume its assault?”
“No,” answered Tolwick, “but I have a plan.”
Tolwick suddenly began firing random magic in random directions.
“What are you doing?” asked Brildor. “We don't even know its location.”
“Not yet we don't,” answered Tolwick quietly while firing more warning magic at no target in particular.
“Why are we whispering?”
Tolwick stopped all at once, “I presume the creature is currently confused. We don't have much time before it comes back within listening range. Listen carefully. We're going to flank it.”
“And just how are we suppose to flank under these conditions, may I ask?”
“The creature is large. I will use my offensive to find it. Once it is revealed, rush to its other side. Do not attempt to attack it head on. Leave that to me. If the opportunity presents itself, you know what do. For now, keep an eye on the direction of my offensive and avoid being hit.”
“Understood.”
Brildor watched as Tolwick stretched out his arms in opposite directions while his amulets glowed. All of a sudden, a steady stream of magical projectiles fired rapidly in both directions. His offensive initiated, he slowly began to turn in place while maintaining the unceasing stream of projectiles as well as deadly spiral. Until finally, he received the confirmation he sought. The projectiles seemed to hit something nearby within the mist. Tolwick kept one arm pointed at the target that had been hit.
Brildor and Tolwick glanced at each other, for the target remained in place. If it were a tree it should have fallen by now.
Brildor knew what to do. He set off to gain a solid confirmation. He ran alongside Tolwick's attack to the target, and in finding Gombrol in a defensive formation, he quickly informed Tolwick of the confirmation. 
Gombrol changed to an offensive stance once more as he saw Brildor approaching.
But Brildor did not charge forth. He slowly circled the creature while Tolwick concentrated on doubling the potency of his spells.
Due to the concord of the duo's stratagem, Gombrol was now, it seemed, the one in trouble.
But the creature had one last trick up its sleeves. It pointed its stony arm at Tolwick and suddenly the rocky armor present thereabout shot forth with incredible momentum. Tolwick moved to evade.
Brildor looked at the creature. One of its large arms was now as bare and armor-less as its torso. He then glanced at his own injured arm and then back at Gombrol. “I don't suppose you'll be conceding any more of that defense, now will you?”
“Not a chance,” said the creature.
“And here I thought you were being a good sport. Let's end this.”
Brildor moved forth with blade in hand. As he drew near, Gombrol's armored arm came down with immense force. Brildor rolled out the way then positioned his sword as he regained his form, and in one smooth motion, the sword glided across the creature's skin. The creature quickly grabbed the blade with its bare hand and pushed it aside. 
Brildor took a step back to assess the situation. Gombrol's torso and hand were oozing a dark green slime. Beads of sweat appeared on Brildor's face. Should he rush in or wait? Suddenly Tolwick made the decision easier, unleashing another magical onslaught of hexes and forcing Gombrol to guard. Brildor made up his mind then and there to see the offensive through. He rushed forth with sword in hand, ready to circumvent Gombrol's defenses.
From where he was now standing, Tolwick could not see the results of Brildor's advance. He only observed the silence that filled the space of the mist.
“Brildor, can you hear me?” he asked. “Brildor!” he said again, when he received no answer. “Is the creature still alive?”
As if in reply to the question, there was suddenly a loud crashing sound, followed by deafening silence.
Tolwick waited a moment.
Suddenly something began moving towards him. He readied his amulets momentarily then lowered the trinkets. Brildor could now be seen walking forward, with the mist behind him dissipating in all directions and with Gombrol's motionless body lying some ways on the ground behind him.
The two fighters paused a moment, then looked up into the sky, for the sky was now as bright as day. There was no trace of the mist in any direction, and what's more was that in looking a few miles away from their current location, Brildor and Tolwick could see what must surely have been Wind Bay Village.
Brildor suddenly exhaled and permitted himself to fall backward onto the ground and lie on his back. He then closed his eyes a moment and a minute passed. Suddenly he felt something hovering over him. He slowly opened his eyes and was met with a familiar face staring at him. 
It was Creslia's.
She maintained her stare.
Brildor held her gaze. “How's your ankle?” he asked.
“Fine,” she replied. She then bit her lip. “Thank you.”
“You should be thanking Tolwick,” he replied.
“No,” answered Creslia, waving her hand at the scenery, “Thank you both.” She then paused a moment and offered a gracious smile to both of them. “Are you hungry? If you're heading to Wind Bay I could see to you while you're there.” She then blushed.
Brildor stood to his feet.
“Such hospitality,” said Tolwick to Brildor. “Do you still think Wind Bay is not the destination of choice?”
Brildor laughed a moment, “Now how can I argue with that? After this past day, I'd choose the ether there to the ensorceling mist. We managed to reach Wind Bay and overcome the ordeal of the col. The rest, I should think, will be a breeze.”

***

Chapter 5 — Clear Skies

“And that,” said Hiln in finality, “is the story of these mountains.” He paused a moment to look at the four travelers who had been very much enthralled by the tale. Hiln then turned to the owner of the tavern, “So how'd I do, Alrej?”
Alrej beamed a moment, “I think you did it justice,” he answered. “Well done.”
“Outstanding,” said Ganto of the four travelers. “We had no idea that this place had such a fascinating history.”
“So,” said the female member of the four travelers, “you're saying the path between the mountains is free of mist? But does that mean it is truly safe to traverse.”
“A bit safer than the path you took to get here, I'll say,” answered Alrej.
“I suppose I should count that as a relief,” said Ganto. “It'll put our minds at ease when we're passing through the col. I thank you.”
Suddenly a female voice could be heard by the door of the tavern. It was Welunia, the barmaid.
“Alrej, sir,” she said, “I'll be heading out for an hour. Please remember that we promised Palyla that we'd visit.”
“Oh,” said Alrej. “It nearly slipped my mind. I'll be with you in an hour.”
Welunia waved and exited the tavern. When Alrej returned his attention back to the four travelers, he noticed their bewildered expressions.
“Alrej,” said Ganto, “did that woman just say she's off to visit Palyla?”
“Yes, she did.”
“Was she referring to the same Palyla from the story?”
Alrej rubbed his neck, “Uh, yes and no.”
“Yes and no? Well which is it? You said those events happened ten years ago. How could it be the same Palyla? She's suppose to be—”
Alrej noted the confusion and beckoned the four travelers to calm themselves.
“It's true. Palyla's fate seemed sealed back then. But it seems Hiln forgot to mention what happened to her bulb.”
“Her... bulb?” repeated Ganto. “The luminous bulb she claimed was her actual heart.”
“Yes,” answered Alrej. “That bulb was buried near this location. It was suppose to be a simple act of remembrance, but after a few weeks of rain a most unusual plant began to bloom. Imagine my surprise later on when I saw the figure and likeness of Palyla.”
“So then... that bulb was actually a seed. And that seed...”
“...Permitted Palyla to remain in this world. Though admittedly, she has no mist associated with her current existence and not much recollection of the original encounter.”
“Incredible,” said Ganto. “How fortuitous that her bulb was found and planted.”
“O it's no coincidence,” said Alrej. “After the battle ten years ago, I made sure to hold onto the bulb.”
“But why exactly would you have possession of the bulb? It's not as if—” Suddenly Ganto's eyes widened. He suddenly noticed the unsightly scar on Alrej's shoulder. “Say, how did you get that scar on your shoulder?”
Alrej grinned, “Hiln just told you, didn't he? I got it from the battle with Gombrol.”
Ganto's eyes dilated, “But that would mean that you're actually—!”
The tavern owner laughed, “Yes, Brildor Alrej.”
The four travelers looked at Alrej incredulously.
“But how? How can that be?” asked Ganto.
“After our adventure ten years ago, I decided to take up residence here.”
“Wait,” said the female member of the traveling four, “is this the same tavern you stopped at ten years ago?”
“The very same,” answered Alrej. “With some additional renovations here and there.”
“But how did you end up in possession of it in the first place?”
Brildor Alrej laughed once more, “Remember how the previous owner quipped about handing over the tavern's key should we have succeeded in braving the misty col...?”
The woman of the group nearly gasped, “You're not seriously implying that he actually followed through with that agreement, are you?!”
Alrej smiled and pointed to a key secured to a nearby wall, “In wake of the dissolution of the mist, he said it was only fitting that the agreement be upheld.”
The four travelers looked at each other, attempting to gauge each other's reaction. Suddenly Ganto turned to face Alrej.
“Brildor,” he said, “out of sheer curiosity, did you ever discover what exactly the secret of the mountain was?”
Alrej beamed at the four travelers. “That,” he said, “is a story for another time.”
The four travelers smiled at him.
“In any case,” said Ganto after a time, “I thank you for all the assistance you've rendered. This has been a most pleasant experience. But I believe it's time our group resume our journey toward Wind Bay.”
Alrej gave a heartened and perfunctory nod in reply.
The four travelers then began making their way toward the tavern's front door. Suddenly Ganto turned around, “Perchance, maybe we'll pay the Misty Col Tavern another visit someday.”
“You're always welcome,” said Brildor in answer. “Be sure to give my regards to Tolwick and Creslia in Wind Bay if you'd be so kind.”
The four travelers paused a moment then looked at Brildor and smiled once more.
“We'd be happy to,” replied Ganto.
And with that, the four travelers exited the tavern and began gleefully making their way toward Wind Bay Village, a place they couldn't help but feel held the other half of the story surrounding the Misty Col Tavern.


THE END

STORY 2: 'The Verdant Vigil'


A Wholly Fictional Work Of Science Fiction And Should Be Treated As Such

Chapter 1 — The Garden Surge

It was a nice and peaceful summer afternoon in the rustic small town of Vymeraville. The sun shone pleasantly on the rows of houses that lined the road and friendly neighbors passed each other in greeting as they made their way towards their destinations.
Renoc Cuganor awoke from a midday nap. Stretching his limbs, he took his car keys in hand and began to exit the room. As he passed the kitchen he could hear the sounds of his wife, Darinetta, opening and closing the refrigerator. He approached and she handed him a beer.
“You're finally awake,” she said as she watched him sip the cold beverage. “Jyphis was here earlier but I didn't want to wake you.”
“I see. Did he remember to drop off the things?” asked Renoc.
“Sort of. He said he managed to fix the mower, but he's not quite done with tuning the record player. He said he'd have Gebra deliver it tomorrow.”
“Sounds good. I'm heading to the store for a little while. I'll be back in a few hours.”
“Hold on a moment,” said Darinetta as she saw Renoc motion towards the door.
“What is it?”
“It just occurred to me. You have the lawn mower back from Jyphis. Couldn't you take care of the lawn before you head out?”
“Seriously?” said Renoc, running his hand through his hair. “I trimmed it like five days ago.”
“True. But it seems to have sprung back up. It would be really nice to have it looking neat again.” 
“All right. I'll take care of it.”
“Great,” said Darinetta as she planted a kiss on Renoc's jaw. “I'll get dinner started.”
With that, Renoc rested his keys on the kitchen counter and then made his way to the garage. Scanning the area he spotted the lawn mower. He slowly paused for a few minutes to inspect the machine. Afterward he pushed the lawn mower out of the garage and into the yard. 
Renoc paused a moment to wave at some neighbors who were passing by. He then returned his attention to the uncut grass.
“I could have sworn the grass was just as tall as this five days ago.” He exhaled. “Might as well get started.”
Following this, he started up the lawn mower and began getting the task underway. With methodical rhythm and precision he began to clear away the grass and weeds from the yard. The lawn mower seemed to roar as the blades of grass were sent scattered across the yard. Knowing Darinetta's fondness for her personal garden, Renoc attempted to perform the task at hand without disturbing the pots of the nearby flowering plants. 
Suddenly the lawn mower began to make strange sounds. Renoc felt as the machine shook wildly and wondered for a time if some sturdy grass had gotten caught up between the blades. He quickly turned off the device and inspected the underside, but everything seemed fine. 
“That's odd...”
A moment later he turned back on the mower and the machine was running well again. He attempted to resume the current task. But a few minutes later, the mower began acting up again. Finding the stuttering device rather perplexing, Renoc for a time wondered if Jyphis had really calibrated the lawn mower properly. 
He slowly pulled back the machine and looked beneath it, but was immediately startled. Renoc could have sworn he saw something move beneath the mower before burrowing back beneath the soil. He didn't quite see what it was but he subsequently wondered if some scurrying animal beneath the soil was interfering with the lawn mower.
Thinking it a simple enough quandary, Renoc resumed his trimming of the lawn. And to his surprise, the lawn mower gave no more trouble and he managed to trim the rest of the entire yard without further incident. His task completed, he returned the lawn mower to the garage and headed back inside the house.
“The yard is trimmed,” he announced to Darinetta.
“Thank you,” she replied. “Your food is on the table.”
“Thanks. But I think I'll take a shower first. Want to join?”
Darinetta smiled. “Sounds good, but I just had one. And admittedly I'm more feeling for some actual nourishment right now.” She then took a bite of the food on her plate.
“Suit yourself,” said Renoc. 
With that, he departed from the room and made his way toward the shower. Fifteen minutes later he returned and made quick work of his meal. After heading out to do some quick shopping at the store, Renoc returned home. And the rest of the night passed pleasantly until it was time to sleep.

*

Renoc and Darinetta had a good night's sleep. Or mostly so. Twice in the night the two had woken up after Darinetta had supposedly felt the house move. Each time, Renoc had awoken beside her, taking time to confirm whether the supposedly tremors had passed. Luckily, the two soon fell soundly to sleep again and laid in comfortable repose till the morn.
Renoc got up at sunrise. When he looked beside him, his wife was still asleep. He soon moved to the bathroom to groom himself and decided he would momentarily go for an early morning walk. But as he stepped outside the house, Renoc couldn't help but feel that something was terribly off. He looked from his lawn to the rest of the neighborhood and the obvious aberration was quite hard to ignore. Bewildered, Renoc stared outside for a full minute.
He then turned and made his way back inside the house. Returning to the bedroom, he touched Darinetta on her shoulder and she stirred and awoke.
“Good morning,” she said serenely. But she noticed the rather perplexed look on Renoc's face. “What's the matter?” she asked.
“Honey, you need to see this.”
Something about her husband's voice seemed to remove the remainder of slumber out of Darinetta. She followed him as he began leading her through the house.
“Um, it's still pretty early in the morning, Dear. What's this about?”
“Remember how you asked me to trim the lawn yesterday?” said Renoc.
“Uh, yes.”
“And you saw me trim it too, right?”
Darinetta seemed quite puzzled, “Honey, what are you getting at?”
Renoc opened the front door of the house and the two stepped outside, at which point Darinetta's eyes widened:
“What on earth happened to our lawn?!”
The same sight had greeted Renoc when he had first opened the front door. The lawn was no longer trimmed but had grown wild. In fact, the grass of every house in the vicinity had become problematically lush.
“How is this possible?” said Darinetta again.
“That's what I want to know,” answered Renoc. “Yesterday, the lawn was about one and a half feet high at best. And today it's over four feet high. Not to mention that I actually trimmed the grass less than twenty four hours ago. This is insane.”
The two stood in confusion for a while longer. Soon some of the neighbors began exiting their homes to join in the perplexed stares. In reverent astonishment everyone began making their way to the middle of the road to discuss the matter.
“Does anyone have any clue as to how this happened?” asked Renoc.
“Fertilizer leak, maybe?” said another of the neighbors, supplying a guess.
“Really?” said Darinetta. “On every lawn in the neighborhood and maybe even in town? And even then, grass isn't supposed to grow this quickly.”
A man named Jyphis spoke next, “I agree with Darinetta. There has to be another explanation.”
“Well,” said Gebra next to him, “I personally think you're all getting worked up over nothing. So the grass is a bit tall. It's nothing that can't be fixed within the hour.”
“That's not the point,” said Jyphis sternly.
“I know this might seem crazy,” said a man named Nefrit, “but do you think perhaps this was maybe some manner of prank?”
“Prank?” repeated Renoc. “You're saying someone spent the whole night modifying every lawn in the neighborhood just for the giggles?”
A moment of silence passed.
“You're right,” said Nefrit. “Forget I mentioned it.”
“Even so, we still don't know what caused all this,” said Jyphis.
“You know, maybe Gebra is right,” began Darinetta. “Unceremonious and unprecedented as this is, maybe we're reading too much into it. Let's just clear the clutter for now and see what happens.”
“You're probably right,” said another of the neighbors. “Just watching the grass grow is neither an answer nor a solution.”
“Agreed,” said Renoc. “Let's get things in order. But let's be careful. We still don't know how this happened nor if there's anything hiding in the grass.”
And so, all the residents began working together to clear the surrounding space of foliage, plant stems, grass, etc. The intensive task kept the group busy for much of the day, but somehow they managed to get all the lawns looking as good as new again. With the weekend nearly over, Renoc and Darinetta slowly climbed into their beds that night, hoping to catch some well deserved sleep before the sun came up while putting their garden woes out of their minds.

***

Chapter 2 — Above And Below

It was 7:25 in the morning when Renoc roused from his slumber. He wasn't entirely sure what had roused him; however, looking about the darkness of the room, he surmised that it had not been the warmth nor glow of the early morning sun. And yet, he felt that he had had a lengthy sleep, and observably the darkness of the room seemed a conundrum. 
Renoc reached for his watch, and when he looked at it his eyes dilated in confusion. It was well after seven o'clock. Why then was the bedroom so dark? With dilatory movements, he got out of bed and moved toward the window. Pulling the curtain away, his eyes widened. No sight of the garden, lawn nor yard fence had greeted him, only a thick wall of vegetation that seemed to block the windows and obscure the morning sun. Renoc rushed toward Darinetta's bedside.
“Honey,” he said hurriedly, “wake up.”
Darinetta opened her eyes, blinking away her sleep, “Um, it's the middle of the night. Can't this wait till morning.”
“It's already morning,” Renoc replied with much gravitas to his voice, as he attempted to pull Darinetta out of bed.
“What? What are you talking about? The room is still—” 
All at once Darinetta halted her speech as she witnessed what Renoc was talking about.
Renoc scanned her bewildered expression. Suddenly they heard someone cry out in the distance. 
“I think something's happening outside,” said Renoc. “And it seems obvious that trimming the lawn yesterday did not fix the problem.”
“Yeah,” replied Darinetta, still rather dazed by the onset, “I think we may have a bigger problem on our hands.”
“Let's head outside.” Renoc and Darinetta began heading out the bedroom when suddenly Renoc paused. “Wait,” he said. He then turned back a moment to search the bottom draw of the bed stand. Removing a few personal items he seized the pistol he had stashed among his belongings. Gun in hand, he departed from the room with Darinetta.
The two made their way to the front door and tried to open it, but for whatever reason the door seemed jammed and hard to open. Somehow Renoc managed to pull it open, and sure enough the two were greeted with yet another wall of vegetation.
Darinetta felt her knees going weak for a few seconds, a consequence of some gripping emotion.
“Something's wrong,” she said, her voice shaking. “We can't even see the walkway or the other side of the street. Is the whole neighborhood like this?”
“Maybe even the whole town,” answered Renoc grimly. Suddenly the two heard another shout of distress in the distance. “Come on,” he said. “Let's see if we can navigate the area.”
Trepidation in tow, Renoc and Darinetta began pushing through the multifarious verdure that suffused the area. It seemed obvious that something had expedited the prodigious plant growth and turned the neighborhood into a veritable jungle. But what had done so was yet to be seen.
Suddenly Darinetta reached for Renoc's hand. “Honey, I'm scared,” she said.
“I know. But don't freak out.”
“But what if something dangerous is causing all this?”
“We'll know when we find it,” replied Renoc. And with those words he released the safety from his weapon and continued combing through the tall grass.
The more the two attempted to explore the area, the more they discerned that they truly were not surrounded by ordinary vegetation. Some of the plants they encountered seemed like things never seen before: some creeping along other plants; some forming a net overhead; and a few exuded suspiciously intoxicating aromas. Renoc and Darinetta attempted to steer clear of some of the stranger plants, opting to primarily touch the plants that resembled ordinary grass if needs be.
Suddenly the two heard something other than themselves moving through the tall grass. It sounded like something large. Renoc raised his pistol when he discerned that whatever was approaching was a meter or two away.
“Stay behind me,” he said to Darinetta. 
Fortunately, the other person who had been combing through the area made out the human voices and hastily declared himself.
“Don't shoot!” said the voice.
Renoc was both surprised and relieved to hear the seemingly familiar voice. “Who's there?” he asked.
“Renoc, is that you?” said the voice from a little distance away. “It's me, Ralkoi. Man, is it good to hear your voice. Is Darinetta with you?”
“She's right here,” replied Renoc, putting his gun away as Ralkoi appeared through the thicket.
“Thank goodness you're both safe. It's good to see you both.”
“Good to see you too,” replied Darinetta as she pushed away some of the vegetation.
“It seems we're in a worse predicament than yesterday,” said Renoc.
“You don't know the half of it,” replied Ralkoi. “I just made my way from the corner store. The whole area is like this. Some of the other men tried to get started on clearing some of the area but it's not proving easy. The grass is too damn high. And that's the least of our problems. Did you hear all those eerie shouts this morning? Something is lurking in all this greenery. And it might be causing trouble for anyone in the tall grass.”
“Do you know if the other neighbors are safe?”
“Can't really say for sure. A few of them said they'd be boarding up their doors shut and staying armed till things get figured out.”
“What about you?” asked Renoc.
“Me? I'm leaving town as soon as possible. By foot if I have to. If the grass grew this high in just one night, I'm not sticking around for—whoa!”
Ralkoi did not finish the sentence. Something had just wrapped around his waist: a large thick plant vine with a menacing hold. Ralkoi nearly panicked as the unsettling vine began pulling him away.
Renoc and Darinetta instantly grabbed Ralkoi by the arms, endeavoring to forestall the pull of the strange prehensile vines by pulling Ralkoi in the opposite direction.
“What do we do?!” asked Darinetta, beads of perspiration appearing on her forehead. “It won't let go.”
“We have to get that vine off him,” replied Renoc.
“But how?”
“There's a hunting knife on my hip,” answered Ralkoi. “Use it to—”
But a violent pull by the vines saw Ralkoi being pulled swiftly into the leafy abyss before he could finish the sentence.
“No!” screamed Darinetta. Renoc held her fast.
“I know you're worried but we can't stay here,” said Renoc. “It's not safe. Quickly, let's head back to the house.”
Renoc began leading the way through the overgrowth with Darinetta trying to hold back tears. Fortunately they managed to reach back home without further mishaps. But inside the house was a different matter. A short while after entering the house, a few of the windows cracked and several vines began creeping into the house via the windows.
“We can't stay here either,” Darinetta uttered. “What are we going to do?”
Renoc paused for moment as his brain started racing. “The roof!” he said suddenly.
“The roof?” repeated his wife.
“Grab anything you need and we'll scout things out from the roof: food, weapons, whatever you can carry.”
“All right,” said Darinetta.
The two began rummaging through the house, quickly grabbing up supplies. Renoc momentarily went to procure items from the bathroom, but was surprised when he saw vines springing up through the toilet. Ignoring the vines, he secured the items he needed. He then exit back to the living room. 
When he returned, he saw Darinetta with a bag of food items and armed with the biggest kitchen knife in the house. He himself also possessed a large assortment of items. The items secured, the two quickly exited the house and went around the side to the ladder that led to the roof. They then quickly hurried up.
Once there, they exhaled in relief for a moment.
Suddenly they heard someone calling them from across the street. It was Jyphis and Gebra who were also on their roof with their kids. There was a metaphorical sea of vegetation between the houses, which bestrew the neighborhood and what would have been considered the normal road way.
“Are you two all right?” asked Jyphis.
“We're fine,” repeated Renoc across the expanse.
“Mind if I borrow your lawn mower?” said Jyphis with a jocund air.
Renoc looked at the abundance of vegetation that was pushing slightly above the roof. “This might be a bit more than my mower can chew. Joking aside though, what are we going to do about this?”
“I haven't a clue. The whole town is fending off those mysterious vines.”
Suddenly someone began shouting from nearby. It seemed a few other neighbors had managed to make it onto the roof of their houses.
“Someone said they phoned it in,” said one of the other neighbors.
“Then I suppose we'll have to fare steady for a while,” replied Renoc. “Separate from whatever is causing all this, those vines could be problematic.”
Suddenly Jyphis cranked up his shotgun, “We'd best stay alert then.”

***

Chapter 3 — Night Of The Ghastly Greens

The moonlit night was bereft of quietude.
Despite the fact that almost all living souls of Vymeraville remained transfixed at their hiding places, it seemed there would be no shortage of unsettling thrills under the flabbergasted moon. Renoc, Darinetta and several of the other residents were still taking refuge from whatever lurked within the verdant threshold by way of the safety of the rooftops. But it was not the most effective of measures. Occasionally they had to fend off creeping vines. And beyond that, the location did not render the group immune to the distant utterances into the sky by people whose hiding places had not been sufficiently bolstered.
The situation only grew more unnerving. Even from the rooftops, the group could hear the sounds of slithering vines navigating the rooms of the houses beneath. Furniture, ornaments and other upholstery could be heard being shifting around as the otherworldly vines crept through the spaces in search of the occupants. The only thing anyone could do was sit quiet; occasionally hold their breath; and hope that the matter would soon be addressed. But as time went by, doubt became as pervasive as the vines.
“You know,” began Jyphis from across the street, “I'm beginning to wonder if we should have made a dash through the day. It doesn't seem as if anyone is coming to rectify the dilemma.”
“We are in a remote location,” replied Renoc. “There's no guarantee that if we had made it out of town that a similar dilemma wouldn't have presented itself. For all we know the same thing could be happening elsewhere. Where would we even go if we chanced the roads?”
“Not quite sure myself,” answered Jyphis. “It occurred to me to try the nearby hill. Doesn't seem as though the same thing is happening there.”
“So it seems,” replied Renoc. “But even though the street lamps are still working, I don't think we should make any sudden moves tonight. If nothing changes by morning we can try something then.”
“That's fine with me.”
For a time, there was silence in the neighborhood, and a brief spell of optimism suffused the moonlight air. But it was to be short lived. Suddenly vines began climbing on top of the houses and disturbing the rooftops. An ear-splitting scream sounded into the night. The sanctity of the group's hiding place had been compromised. Wild, mad vines danced on the roofs, attempting to accost any that drew too close.
“They're everywhere!” shouted one neighbor during the hysteria. “Secure the roofs!” 
All at once shotguns and pistols started sounding off in an attempt to frantically repel the seemingly sentient vines. It was a most frightening ordeal.
Suddenly, one of the vines grabbed Renoc and began pulling him over the brink of the roof. Darinetta managed to overcome her panic and rushed to his aid. Using the large kitchen knife in her possession, she began slicing away at the entanglement and somehow managed to save Renoc from a gruesome fate. But they were not out of the woods yet. There were still very many egregious vines invading the space. A momentary glance to the other houses revealed that the other neighbors were not having an easier time of it.
“We can't stay here!” shouted Gebra.
“Then we'll have to change our plans,” replied Renoc, while reloading his gun. “Let's head to Olsace Hill.”
“Now?!” said Jyphis in bewilderment. “There's nothing but tall grass to the edge of town, and those things are in there.”
“If we stay here,” replied Renoc, “none of us will make it to morning.”
“All right,” said Jyphis, holding up a machete. “Let's cut a path for the women and children.”
Agreeing on the course of action, everyone in the vicinity began vacating the rooftops. Soon, Renoc, Jyphis and the others managed to gather together and attempted to navigate the cornucopia of  foliage on their way to Olsace Hill. The attempt seemed perilous, and once or twice a hapless member at the back of the group was heard howling as though the leafy abyss had claimed them.
Still the group pushed forward with sanguine determination. Moving through the area, they heard one of the houses making strange noises and heard the unmistakable sound of it collapsing. Apparently the vines were strong enough to shift the central walls and support beams of the house. It seemed ceding the rooftops had been a good idea.
Somehow, despite the treachery of all the flora, the group managed to make it outside the verdant domain and outside of town, but were not prepared to undo their bout of caution. They quickly made their way to Olsace Hill and observed the sight of Vymeraville from there. The town seemed unrecognizable, as though it had returned to the bosom of nature from whence it came. 
That said, the group took solace in the fact that they had managed to flee the area with their group largely intact.
“Look!” said Darinetta. “Something's happening at the town square.”
Everyone looked to where she was pointing and witnessed the advent of something coming up out of the ground in the distant town. Suddenly vines began dancing high into the air and something gigantic began taking shape out of the leafage of the town square. Soon the entity surfaced and was fully revealed: an enormous plant monstrosity that was about sixty feet high with menacing features, encroaching the surrounding space. It possessed a large mouth with thorny teeth, and the rest of its obverse portions consisted of an amalgam of vines, giant leaves and several flowering elements.
None present at the location could supply a valid guess as to what exactly the monstrous plant was. But there was no doubt in any of their minds as to what had expedited the sudden and erratic growth of all the plant life in the area.

***

Chapter 4 — Vantage Of The Vile Verdure

Much time passed, and the group of families that had fled Vymeraville remained on Olsace Hill, continuing to observe the inexplicable plant creature that seemed to be wreaking havoc on the town. The relief they had felt from narrowly escaping the vicious herbage had slowly ebbed away amid the quiet air, replaced by heart-wrenching emotions.
“There are still people trapped in town,” said Jyphis in exhalation.
“I know...” replied Renoc solemnly. “It would be nice if we could assist, but we barely made it out ourselves.”
“Where did that thing even come from, anyway?” asked Gebra.
“It... is a plant,” replied Renoc. 
“I know the garden soil here is good, but plant nutrients can't possibly be the reason why this thing sprung up.”
“Forget gardening,” said Jyphis. “We need to get rid of that thing.”
“Now let's not get carried,” Renoc warned. “There's a difference between eating your vegetables and being eaten by one. That thing is over sixty feet tall. It's not like we can just uproot it and make vegetable soup.”
“Then what do you propose we do?” asked Darinetta emphatically.
“We wait.”
“Wait?” she repeated.
“We'll camp out here and see if anyone else in town managed to reach the outskirts. If and when that happens we can head down to help them out. Since the grass here is normal height we can assume some degree of safety. Everyone is probably tired. We should probably rest till tomorrow.”
“Let's not take any chances,” said one of the other neighbors. “Someone should stay on alert. Let's sleep in shifts. I'll take first watch.”
“Good idea,” said Jyphis.
And so, the group camped out on Olsace Hill, hoping that the plant monstrosity that tangled the town was the only creature they needed to worry about.

*

Early in the morning, the group was abruptly awoken by the sound of gunshots. Everyone swiftly got up and removed the remainder of sleep from their eyes. When they looked around they saw one of the neighbors lying on the ground with his rifle in hand and aiming right at the monstrous plant creature. Startled though the rest of the group was, as they heard the gun go off, they couldn't help but hope that it would be enough to untangle and ameliorate the town in the distance.
Suddenly Jyphis approached the other man. “Malnic, what do you think you're doing?” he asked.
“Isn't it obvious? I'm trying to get rid of that plant,” the man answered candidly.
“Do you really think that's the proper way to do it? Stop wasting ammunition.”
The man named Malnic rose to his feet. “Look. We don't know anything about that thing. The least we can do is test to see if it has any weaknesses.”
Jyphis was just about to reply when suddenly Renoc approached hastily. “You two,” he said, “hurry over here. We managed to get the radio to work. They're talking about the thing that's binding the town.”
“Really?” said Jyphis.
“Yes,” answered Renoc. “These things really are cropping up all over the place. Take a listen.”
The entire group gathered around the radio to hear the report on the strange plant creatures. It seemed a scientist was speaking with a reporter.
“So,” said the reporter, “you're saying these things have been lying dormant beneath the soil for a very long time?”
“That is correct,” said the scientist.
“But what exactly are these things?” asked the reporter.
“Our data analysis tells us that these plant manifestations are a culmination of mutated Jurassic vegetation that have remained in a quiescent state, a vestige of the the first period of the Mesozoic era.”
“Jurassic? So you're saying that these things are 'plant-like dinosaurs'?”
“In a way, yes, albeit these things in particular date back a bit further. Unlike contemporary plants, these can burrow beneath the soil, and they possess some rather dangerous characteristics.”
“What else can you tell us about the anatomy of these things?” the reporter inquired.
“Fortunately for us, the autopsy of one of the felled creatures has provided much insight,” replied the scientist. “There is a chemical catalyst present all throughout the creature's biology that results in rapid tissue growth in plants. As you can imagine, this is the reason why the area surrounding these creatures is always characterized by extensive foliage. Each of these creatures possesses several dozen main vines extending from its body, all of which can reach up to seventy yards in its radius. The creature's auxiliary vines are not as dangerous but can extent much farther to ply the soil with the chemical agent needed to trigger the additional fertilization of the soil.”
“I see. Now these 'Verdidriacs', as you've referred to them, have been causing quite a bit of trouble in various places. How exactly is this creature to be dispatched? No doubt it can be overcome in a number of ways.”
“True,” replied the scientist, “but the creature seems to have a rather intriguing weakness. Though it possesses a thoracic mouth, its actual mouth is located right above its base and is usually hard to spot due to the copious vegetation. This might surprise you, but the creature actually has a brain, one that is located above the cavity, which is separated by a thin membrane. Using this information, we've managed to pacify several of the Verdidriacs without resorting to incendiary or  extraneous methods.”
The group listening to the radio on Olsace Hill waited patiently and attentively for the end of the report. And when it was concluded, silence fell upon the enclosure. Some released breaths they didn't know they were holding.
“Well what are we waiting for?” asked Jyphis all of a sudden.
“What?” replied Renoc in confusion.
“You heard the report. Not only did they take one of these things down, they managed to complete the autopsy. These plants might be resistant to pesticide but the town can still be saved.”
“Are you serious?” asked Malnic.
“I am. I think it's feasible.”
A moment of silence passed.
“I agree,” said Renoc, galvanizing the group. “The town will be assimilated at this rate. If we can get rid of that creature now, the people trapped near the town square will be safe. We don't know how many of the Verdidriacs are surfacing in the distant area, but we probably have a decent chance of dispatching this thing and preclude a tentative wait.”

***

Chapter 5 — Defoliation

An hour had passed since Renoc and the others had heard the news report. It had already been decided that Renoc, Jyphis and Malnic would form a three-man party and attempt to carve a path toward the Verdidriac that they might reach close enough to pacify the creature. There had been some protest regarding the attempt, but for lack of time and for growing concerns, it was generally agreed that the three would venture towards the town square.
“So,” said Jyphis, “are we ready?”
“I think so,” replied Renoc. “As planned, we'll motion towards the outskirts. The outermost houses shouldn't be a problem since the creature's main vines only extend seventy yards from the town square. From there we'll stop by Ralkoi's place to stock up on 'cutlery'. You said you had the key, right, Malnic?”
“I sure do,” replied Malnic. “We usually go hunting at the end of the month. He has a lot of hunting equipment stowed in the garage. Might be something there we can use.”
“All right,” said Renoc. “From there we'll head straight for the Verdidriac itself. Hopefully we'll have enough firepower to get the job done. We'll depart in fifteen minutes.”
The three men then moved away for a moment and began mentally preparing for the trek towards the plant monstrosity.
Suddenly Darinetta drew closer to Renoc. Renoc paused from what he was doing. He could see the angst and worry that had beset her ever since it had been decided that the three men would attempt to mitigate the threat of the Verdidriac.
“You're really going?” she said softly.
“Yes,” Renoc answered, “but I'll be right beside you when this is over.”
“That... had better be a promise,” Darinetta replied, managing a smile.
Renoc then leaned forward and kissed her. “Of course it is.”
Time flew by, and before long Renoc, Malnic and Jyphis began descending Olsace Hill, making their way back toward Vymeraville. The men moved with aplomb calm, knowing there was very little room for faltering.
After some time they arrived at the outskirts of town and were greeted by the unearthly herbage and vegetation that was easily over nine feet. The three stared at the tall grass warily, but trusting their information they recalled that the real danger lied farther ahead. And so, they began braving the verdure. 
Ralkoi's house was located near the edge of town. Despite the dense foliage, Renoc's ad hoc group managed to reach their destination. Malnic was about to use the garage key but noticed that the fierce plants had already broken the lock. Removing the added greenery the group managed to reach inside the garage, which was filled with weapons, cutting tools and the like. 
The three paused a moment as they eyed the inventory.
“All right,” said Malnic. “Let's just stock up on the essentials.”
“That chainsaw might come in handy,” said Renoc, pointing toward one of the walls.
The three men began picking weapons that they thought would assist their plight. Suddenly Jyphis made a whistle sound:
“I reckon these will come in handy too.” 
Renoc and Malnic slowly turned around and saw that Jyphis was holding up a grouping of six frag grenades bundled together.
“Yes,” said Renoc, “those might end up being useful.”
A few minutes later, the three were ready to venture toward the Verdidriac. Leaving Ralkoi's place, they began moving once again, canvassing the tall grass. With heavy blades in hand they combed through the area. Whenever they heard suspicious sounds they paused altogether, and when they moved forward they stepped as one.
Suddenly Jyphis felt something grab his foot. He quickly alerted the other two, who were quick to counter the treacherous vine. Jyphis caught his breath thereafter.
“I'm guessing we're within seventy yards of the Verdidriac,” said Renoc.
“Most likely,” replied Malnic. “If only the grass wasn't so high we could see fully where we're going.”
“Just keep moving along the path,” said Jyphis. “It's sure to—”
In the next instance, Jyphis was interrupted by not one but two of the Verdidriac's extensions. He quickly swung his machete to thwart their advance. But not only did the accursed vines continue their assault, even more appeared in the vicinity, leaving Renoc, Jyphis and Malnic swinging blades wildly to fend off the adamant vines. In the midst of the upheaval, Jyphis started up the chainsaw and and with adroit movement began slicing through all the slithering herbage.
“This is becoming hazardous,” said Malnic amid the countervailing concord. “We won't find the actual creature if we have to stop to fight these things.”
“No,” replied Renoc, freeing himself of some entanglement, “the creature is at the other end. Let's follow the vines back to the Verdidriac.”
The three did just that. They traverse the abundance of vegetation while tracing the path of the creature's extensions and attempting to repel the threat at their backs. They managed so with only a few minor abrasions.
Soon the sight of the Verdidriac greeted from overhead. And proceeding a bit farther, they soon encountered the root of the problem. The report had been right: the Verdidriac did in fact possess an aperture near the ground.
Renoc's party quickly drew their guns and in one steady fulminating fusillade they fired their weapons at the Verdidriac.
“It's not working!” said Malnic thereafter.
Suddenly a vine shot out of the ground mouth of the creature and began trying to pull Malnic inside. Renoc and Jyphis quickly tried to counter the pull. 
It was here that Renoc remembered the bundle of grenades.
“Pull Malnic to safety,” he said to Jyphis in the throes of the ensuing danger.
And with that he seized the gamut of grenades Jyphis was carrying. With haste and precision, Renoc undid the pin of all six grenades and tossed the items into the ground mouth of the Verdidriac. He then managed to slice the vine that was attempting to pull Malnic away just as the grenades started going off.
The exigency of their predicament saw Renoc, Jyphis and Malnic turn away from the incipient and thunderous explosions. Looking up a moment later, they saw that not only had the sixty feet high creature gone silent, it seemed to be about to fall.
“Run!” shouted Jyphis, sensing that the creature was about to fall and crush everything in its path.
The group attempted to extricate the incoming creature. And when the Verdidriac fell, the ground shook in its wake.
Silence subsequently suffused the surrounding space following the cessation of the hostility.
“Are you two all right?” asked Renoc.
Jyphis coughed and dusted himself off, “We're fine.”
The three then paused to observe the scope of the creature they had just fell.
“We did it,” said Malnic. “Had me worried there for a while though. We'll have to toast to Ralkoi for this one.”
“Yes,” said Renoc. “I'm just glad that it's finally over.”
A few minutes passed and soon people began making their way out of their hiding places. At this, Renoc, Jyphis and Malnic breathed another sigh of relief. Climbing onto one of the roofs, they could see that Gebra and the others were making their way back to town. The trio went to greet them.
Much jubilation followed when the everyone was reunited. Everybody was hugging each other and cheering for joy. Truly, it was a cause for celebration.
Renoc hugged his wife. “What did I tell you?” he said.
“You kept your promise,” she said smiling. “I am as happy as I am relieved that you're safe.”
“Same here,” said Renoc as the two kissed.
Suddenly a young man ran up to Renoc, “Hey. Some of us are thinking to go check what's going on in the nearest town. We heard they're having trouble, but we don't know if its related to the Verdidriacs. Will you be joining the search team, Renoc?”
Surprisingly, Darinetta was the one that answered for him, “He'll join you tomorrow,” she said.
Renoc looked at her in confusion, “Tomorrow?”
“Yes, tomorrow. You have a promise to keep. And I can't chance you doing anything reckless for the remainder of today.”
Renoc looked at her serenely and smiled. He then gave his answer to the young man. “Tomorrow,” he said.
Renoc and Darinetta soon motioned towards Jyphis, Gebra and the others who had overcome the ordeal. The danger had been averted and the town was in good spirits. And the minutiae of tomorrow, for now, seemed like peaceful hours away.


THE END

STORY 3: 'Cyber Angel'


A Wholly Fictional Work Of Science Fiction And Should Be Treated As Such

Chapter 1 — A Digital Mystery

The city of Gexelier seemed alive with its myriad, marvelous oddities. The cityscape seemed shrouded in night, yet remained ever adorned with the flicker and glow that embossed not only the city's architecture, but seemingly everything that moved within the domain. The buildings (if they were to be called such) were of varied dimensions, with some remaining adjunct to the ground while other formations hovered in the air with one or more portals prepared to transport individuals inside from wherever within the city. As were the edifices vibrant, Gexelier's inhabitants were similarly imbued with the city's glow, appearing in all shapes and sizes and conducting individual affairs while operating under key functions that sustained the metropolis.
Atop a roof of one particular dwelling, three friends sat by the building's edge, overlooking the landscape. The three programs — Pevline, Ovric and Arfidio — were chatting away lively while observing one of the nearby data currents. Suddenly, Ovric raised his hand and began motioning toward the nearby digital stream.
“Don't touch it,” said Pevline.
Ovric paused to regard her. He then returned his attention back to the data stream, which seemed to originate from the distance and zigzagged around the buildings like an underwater current in the sky. Ovric's fingers caressed the aerial stream and the data within rerouted around his fingers and continued along the way.
“See?” said Ovric. “The stream isn't toxic.”
“Be that as it may,” said Pevline, “you're not supposed to wash your hands in it. Besides, I'm fairly certain that's not the reason there's a no touching policy.” All at once, she noticed Arfidio reaching forward. “Not you too.”
“What?” replied Arfidio as his hands glided through the current. “At least try it before you knock it.”
Pevline paused a moment. With some trepidation, she raised her hand and inched closer toward the passing stream. Her fingers slowly touched the current and she remained still as the information swirled around her fingertips. “So this is how the data stream feels...”
“Quite so,” replied Ovric. “I hear that if you touch it long enough, you'll feel as though you're one with the stream.”
Pevline quickly pulled her hand away. “I suppose that's only natural, living in a digital city and all.”
Arfidio laughed, “You know, I never quite understood why we call this city a digital one. I mean, aren't all the city's digital?”
Pevline and Ovric looked at Arfidio in astonishment.
“You know,” began Pevline, “you make a good point.”
Soon after she said this, the three heard a creature bark from the base of the building. “Arfidio, isn't that Xolon?”
Looking away, the three spotted Arfidio's pet, Xolon, trying scale the building.
“It is,” said Arfidio. “His jets aren't meant for rooftops. I'll let him up.” 
Arfidio subsequently reached for an item on his hip: a pair of discs. He set one of the discs on the floor of the roof and tossed the other one toward Xolon. When the disc touched the ground, it expanded into a platform onto which Xolon hopped. Soon Arfidio's pet was sucked into the disc on the ground and was re-digitized on the disc atop the roof. Arfidio took into his hand the creature, which had four propulsion jets instead of four legs. Pevline and Ovric soon approached.
“What's that in his mouth?” asked Ovric. 
“I don't know.”
The three examined the mysterious piece of data that Xolon was chewing. Arfidio took it into hand but quickly dropped the item, “Ouch.”
“What's the matter?” asked Pevline.
“That thing is alive.”
“Alive?” repeated Ovric. “What do you mean?”
“Hard to say. It just felt like a sensation similar to when I touched the data stream. Like it was trying to consume me.”
“How strange...” said Pevline. “But doesn't that thing look somewhat familiar.”
“Now that you mention it, where have I seen this data before?”
Silence ensued, broken only by the sound of Ovric's voice, “It kind of looks like a piece of one of those mysterious data clusters that's been cropping up recently.
“I think you're right,” said Pevline. “But hardly anyone knows much about those clusters, only that they might be harmful.”
“Didn't they start cropping up half a cycle after programs started going missing?” asked Arfidio.
“Yes, but that doesn't mean the two events are necessarily intertwined.”
“Now I'm curious,” said Ovric.
“No surprise there,” replied Pevline.
“I meant we should look into this.” Ovric borrowed Xolon momentarily. “Xolon's log says he was mostly by the recycle plant. I bet that's where he found this. I think we should head over there and see if there's anything that will clue us in.”
“Count me out,” said Arfidio.
“What?”
“I said no way. Why would you want head towards the hazardous data clusters? No one else has a clue and neither do you.”
“Which is why we should head to where Xolon found this and find some answers.”
“I'm in,” said Pevline, beaming.
Arfidio looked at her incredulously, “And here I thought you were the sensible one in our group.  You two are in over your heads. You should leave this to the experts. But if you two want to play detective, that's your call. I'm heading home. Let's go, Xolon.”
With that, Arfidio and his pet made their departure, leaving Pevline and Ovric staring at the remainder of the mysterious data cluster.

*

Pevline and Ovric made their way toward the abandoned recycle plant. The closer they drew to the location the more wary they became of the paucity of other sentient programs. Nevertheless, having traversed the distance, the two remained resolute in their search.
“Thanks for coming along, Pev,” said Ovric.
“No problem,” she replied. “It seemed like a nice way for us to spend the rest of the cycle. By the way, what exactly are we looking for?”
“The composite mass of the data cluster,” answered Ovric, moving forward. “I imagine it'll answer a few questions.”
“Have you analyzed one before?”
“No, but it should be on our to-do list. Xolon's log said it canvassed this area before returning home. The anomalous data from its mouth meant it bit into some other program. There may be traces of it left somewhere around here.”
“You mean like this?”
Ovric turned to eye where Pevline was pointing. Indeed, there was a rather strange data trail marking the ground.
“Yes,” said Ovric, eyeing the pattern that persisted into the distance. “These appear to be footprints of some kind.”
“But don't they look a bit strange? It's as if the prints are disturbing the digital floor.”
“That is strange. Usually, walking normally shouldn't affect the underlying data. What could have made these footprints?”
The two paused a moment as they stared at the enigmatic, glowing imprints. Suddenly the footprints began vanishing one by one, leaving very little trace on the ground. Looking ahead they could see that the entire trail was vanishing very slowly.
“Quickly!” said Ovric. “Follow the trail before it's all gone.”
With that, he and Pevline dashed toward the tail of the vanishing footprints and managed to catch up. They then began moving faster than the pace at which the footprints were disappearing and in the distance made out what they believed was the cause of the footprints. The two hurriedly approached. When they arrived, they saw a rather strange program being chased by what they made out to be a large resident of the recycle plant: a malfunctioning Recyclops.
“That Recyclop's gone berserk!” said Pevline.
“Yes,” replied Ovric, “and those markings on it seem identical to that of the piece of data cluster we found.”
“What do we do?” asked Pevline. “That program looks like she's in trouble. She can't outrun it.”
“Then let's help. I'll try to deal with the Recyclops. See if you can get that program to safety.”
“But what about you?” asked Pevline, her dubious voice trembling with uncertainty.
“I'll probably fare a little better in terms of running speed. Just get that program to safety.”
“Wait!” Pevline called out. 
However, it was too late. Ovric was already putting the plan into motion, forcing her to comply. Pevline hastily began making her way toward the other female program. She could see Ovric using the force of his body to hit into the side of the large Recyclops to draw its attention. As the creature turned its attention to Ovric, Pevline used the available time to engage the other female program.
“Are you all right?” asked Pevline, observing the other girl's design and the way her footsteps created a temporary enigmatic trail on the cyber-soil.
“Yes,” said the other girl. “I'm fine, but you need to get out of here. It's not safe. I'll help you away from the Recyclops.”
Pevline became puzzled, “But we're the ones that came to rescue you!”
The other girl looked at Pevline in befuddlement, “You came to help? Does that mean you're from the outside?”
“Outside? You mean you're not from Gexelier City?”
The other girl seemed to relax her features again, “Never mind. For now just—”
But the sound of Ovric's cry interrupted her. She and Pevline quickly turned their attention toward the Recyclops.
“Oh no! It caught Ovric! We have to help him!”
“Let's hurry then,” said the other girl.
The two began making their way toward the malfunctioning Recyclops, which had Ovric caught in a pincer grip and was attempting to flee. The Recyclops was making its way toward the recycle plant. In her panicked sprint, Pevline tripped momentarily and looked up only to see the Recyclops disappear into the abandoned recycle plant with Ovric. She then watched as the other girl dashed into the recycle plant. The eerie silence that fell upon the area after the others had entered the plant unnerved Pevline greatly. She quickly got back on her feet and rushed toward the recycle plant, hoping no harm had befallen neither Ovric nor the other female program.

***

Chapter 2 — Towards The Unknown

With inordinate bewilderment and heightened emotions, Pevline made herself to leave the recycle plant. Her attempt at locating Ovric had not gone as well as she had hoped, and now, half-panicked, she found herself making way to Arfidio's abode to inform him of all that had transpired and seek his aid in finding Ovric. When Arfidio saw Pevline, he was not sure what to make of her state of disarray. She seemed so out of sorts and tripping over her words that he for a brief interval wondered if she were perhaps malfunctioning.
“Pevline,” he said, “slow down, calm down and tell me what happened.”
“It's Ovric,” she finally managed to say. “He's been caught by a malfunctioning Recyclops.”
“What?! Where did this happen?”
“By the abandoned data recycle plant.”
“The plant?” Arfidio's eyes widened. “Don't tell me you two actually tried to follow up on Xolon's trail. I told you it would be dangerous.”
“Arfidio,” she said, “now's not the time for pointing—”
“No,” Arfidio interjected, raising his index finger at Pevline, “I disagree. I warned you. And the two of you still tried to locate the data cluster on your own.”
“Fine,” said Pevline, “you've won your point. But it doesn't change the fact that Ovric needs our help.”
“Why didn't you just follow the Recyclops and sneak Ovric out?”
“That's what I've been trying to tell you. They... sort of vanished...”
“What do you mean?”
“I saw the Recyclops take Ovric into the plant, but when I went inside the place was completely empty. I know you probably think I overlooked the interior space, but not likely: the room was mostly empty and largely devoid of clutter. There might be a route portal hidden there somewhere though, but I can't be sure.”
“Well good luck finding it.”
Pevline looked at Arfidio incredulously, “You're not going to help me search?!”
“If you hadn't indulged Ovric's nosiness, we wouldn't have to, now would we? Besides, the recycle plant has been derelict for ages. Who knows what else might be lying in wait. Maybe even more Recyclopes.”
“Arfidio,” said Pevline wistfully, “caution in one thing, and cowardice is another. We owe it to Ovric to at least check things out. Ovric is our friend. And if it had been you that had been taken by the Recyclops, do you really think Ovric and I would be twiddling our thumbs with this debate?”
Arfidio opened his mouth for a rebuttal but finding it untenable decided against it. Instead he exhaled and lightened his stance.
“Fine,” he said, “you've made your point.”
“Then you'll help?”
“Yes.”
“Thanks, Arfi,” she replied, feeling vivified.
“But if we decide to look for Ovric, we had better go prepared. If worse comes to worse, that Recyclops will be a problem. I'll bring along a few things in case the situation becomes precarious.”
Arfidio then left the room momentarily. He later returned with a handful of paraphernalia that he deemed as potentially helpful. Just as he and Pevline were preparing to leave, they heard Xolon barking at them. The two quickly turned around.
“Do you think we should take Xolon with us?” asked Pevline.
“He did find the first piece of the puzzle. I suppose it won't do much harm if he tagged along.”
Arfidio then called Xolon and the little creature jetted into his arms. “All right,” said Arfidio, “it seems as if we're all set. Let's head out.”

*

Pevline, Arfidio and Xolon made their way toward their destination. When they arrived, the location was as quiet as when Pevline had last been here. Arfidio watched as Pevline knelt to examine the digital floor.
“Did you find something?” asked Arfidio.
“No. I was just checking to see if the mystery footprints were visible again.”
“You mean the prints from the program you met right before the Recyclops took off.”
“Yes, but there's no such marking, except for the evidence of when the Recyclops was tearing through the area.”
“I guess we'll really have to investigate the plant's interior, huh?”
“Scared?” asked Pevline.
Arfidio paused. “N-No,” he answered timorously.
“Good,” said Pevline, ignoring Arfidio's shaky comportment. “Let's head inside.”
The two then entered the abandoned recycle plant. It was a bit darker on the inside, but with just enough visibility to make exploration possible. In spite of this, Pevline enlisted the aid of a flash light. The inner confines of the plant was vast with fragmented rusty ware, but it did not change the fact that despite the area's size and spaciousness, it was still just one room. The two sifted through the room, looking for anything that might allude to the missing Recyclops, but the only moving thing that they found within the abandoned plant were a few bugs.
“Pevline,” said Arfidio, “are you sure you saw the Recyclops come this way?”
“I'm positive.”
“I only ask because it would have been rather difficult for you miss its departure through the main exit. And there don't seem to be any active transmission portals that would lead to another location.”
“That's what I thought was so strange about it. There should be something in the plant that explains the missing trail. Did you bring the Data Panel Scanner?”
Arfidio took out the device and handed it to Pevline, “Do you think there might be a portal embedded in the floor?”
“That's what I'm going to check for.”
Arfidio watched as Pevline used the scanner to examine the floor, scanning through the two top layers of data the ground was composed of. Much time passed and Arfidio began to grow restless.
“Pevline, there's nothing here. Face it, we're going to need some help if we're going to find Ovric.”
“Hold on,” said Pevline, “I'll try the walls next.” Pevline motioned toward the nearest wall.
“But that could take all day.”
For a time the room was quiet.
Suddenly, Pevline turned to Arfidio, “I think I found something.”
“Really?” said Arfidio as he approached.
“Yes. Come take a look.”
Arfidio examined the screen of the scanner, “What is that?”
“I think it's a data stream. Several of them, actually.”
“Sure, but in the wall?”
“Yes. Without the scanner it wouldn't be apparent. Look. The streams seem to be converging over here.”
Moving along the wall, Pevline and Arfidio noted how the data streams seemed to converge like fluvial channels beneath the digital wall into one big amalgamation.
“It seems all the streams in the plant are converging at this one spot.”
“But for what reason?” asked Arfidio.
“If I had to hazard a guess, I'd say this is the portal we've been looking for. We just need a way to access it.”
Arfidio began reaching for some manner of gadget, “Should I used the data disintegrater on the wall?”
“Only if you want to destroy our only lead. Wait. I think I've found the access key.” 
Pevline fiddled with something at the base of the floor, and a moment later the center of the wall began to give way, revealing a bright portal with the streams from the wall pouring into it.
“I suppose this counts as a window,” said Arfidio.
“I'm not sure how long this thing will stay open. We should hurry through.”
“Ladies first,” said Arfidio.
“Wow. How thoughtful of you,” replied Pevline, tempering the sarcasm with a smile. “I'll head through and see if the coast is clear.”
Arfidio exhaled a moment, “That boyfriend of yours better thank us when we find him...”
Pevline paused a moment in astonishment, “What did you just call Ovric?!”
Arfidio himself was startled by her reaction, “Nothing. You must have misheard me. No need to get so flustered. Anyway, we should probably get moving.”
Pevline remained transfixed for a moment later before she made her way fully through the portal. When Pevline was on the other side, Arfidio released a sigh of relief. But his reprieve was swiftly interrupted when a hand reached through the portal and began pulling him to the other side. For a moment, he struggled against the approaching portal but before he knew it, he was passing through the stream of the wall and in no time at all he was in a new area.

***

Chapter 3 — Of Secret Whispers

Pevline, Arfidio and Xolon examined the strange new area. It was a broad expanse with irregular pillars scattered about the area amid digital debris. What's more, the coding stream in the area was notably visible as opposed to latent. Not quite as palpable as the data streams that lined the skies of Gexelier, but fragmented data seemed to be passing through the area like strands of wind. Pevline and Arfidio observed the strange phenomenon, wondering just where the wall portal had transported them. Suddenly they noticed something lying on the ground. Pevline slowly reached down and picked up the item.
“Isn't that Ovric's armband?” asked Arfidio.
“I think so,” said Pevline. “At least we can be sure the Recyclops brought Ovric through the portal.”
“Thank goodness.”
“Why are you so glad all of a sudden?”
“Sorry. It's just that for a while I thought maybe you had imagined the whole thing.”
“I suppose that would be a more comforting thought than to have the Recyclops do away with Ovric. Let's cover some ground.”
The two moved through the area slowly with caution in tow. Suddenly they heard a weak cry call out to them from nearby. They soon perused the area and found an injured program leaning against a wall. Pevline rushed to assist.
“Are you all right?” she asked.
The injured program took a while but managed a response, “A bit lost and dazed but I'm okay. Are you both from Gexelier?”
“We are.”
“So am I. I ran into a dangerous program and when I woke up I was in this strange area. Been roaming through here for some time.”
“The exit's right over there,” said Arfidio.
“Thank you. My memory is a bit spotty but before I forget: beware the clusters beyond this area.”
“You mean the cocoon-like data clusters?”
“The very same. I'd advise you to leave while you can.”
“We can't. We're searching for something.”
“I see,” said the injured program. “Then I pray that what you seek is not far. Best of luck to you. For now, I rest.”
Pevline and Arfidio watched as the program reclined and they themselves stood to their feet.
“Let's keep moving,” said Pevline.
She, Arfidio and Xolon continued on their way. It did not take long for them to encounter the subject matter of the injured program's warning. They had just touched upon a span that appeared to be teeming with a field of ovoid data clusters, with numerous cocoon-like clusters as far as the eyes could see. The area inspired a strange medley of both fear and awe due to the unnatural nature of the combined images.
“Pevline,” began Arfidio as he watched her approached one of the foremost clusters, “I have a bad feeling about this.”
Pevline moved slowly around the seemingly quiescent cluster, trying to see if she could peer through the fibrous overgrowth. Suddenly she heard a ripping sound and she and Arfidio backed away. The cluster was beginning to open and when it was fully open an unknown program fell out of the belly of the cocoon. Arfidio and Pevline caught the program and secured it from the cluster. And no sooner than they did, the program began to speak.
“Nice weather we're having. And nice to meet you both. I'm in the mood for a jog. Would you two like to join me?”
Pevline and Arfidio looked at each other in confusion as the program spoke at lengths on various things with no regard for the eerie atmosphere.
“Um, Pevline... Does this program seem a little... strange to you?”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean, we just rescued it from the data cluster. But it doesn't seem the least bit dismayed. It seems awfully friendly too.”
Pevline and Arfidio tried to have a conversation with the program but it was tricky navigating the dialog. The program seemed to have very little recollection of things before entering the data cluster.
“Um, do you mind if we see your log?” asked Pevline of the other program, which was kind enough to oblige.
She and Arfidio examined the data and was startled by what they found.
“Pevline, this program's entire log only covers the past few minutes.”
“I know. Yet its core seems to have been active for very many cycles, which is strange. Its data core seems to have been reconfigured.”
“Memory loss?”
“It doesn't seem that simple. This program's code type doesn't match its operations. It's operating as a completing new program.”
“Maybe someone re-calibrated it.”
“Not someone. Something. Arfidio, don't touch any of the data clusters!”
“Why?”
“I think I've figured out what they are. Their data converters, but not necessarily in the innocuous sense. I don't think they follow the typical protocol for program formations. I think the data clusters are acting as a personality matrix; reprocessing program cores into independent standalone programs. But the thing is, the clusters themselves also seem to be behaving naturally independent. There's nothing driving the process, at least nothing that we've found so far.”
“Then all these clusters contain...”
“Alternate-code programs. More than that, I think they contain the missing Gexelier programs in the midst of the conversion process.” Pevline suddenly heard a gasp from Arfidio. “What is it?”
“What if... What if Ovric is already inside one of these clusters? Doesn't that mean that even if we rescue him, there's a chance he won't be same Ovric that we know?”
“That... seems probable. But we don't know for sure that he's actually in any of these. I think we should keep looking.”
“I agree.”
And so, Arfidio and Pevline continued to move through the crop of data clusters, the atmosphere tense and surreal. Every now and then they would stop in their tracks whenever one of the clusters shook. The two moved with circumspection, making sure not to touch the cocoon-like structures. But soon they came across a rather large data cluster, which was in the process of opening. When it was fully opened, thunderous steps hit the ground. A very formidable program had just stepped outside of the data cluster.
“Pevline?” said Arfidio as if in a croaking voice.
“Yes?” she answered warily.
“I don't think this program is in the mood for conversation.”
The two watched as the creature raised its heavy arms above its head and then struck the digital floor to ripple it with shock waves.
“Run!” shouted Pevline.
Suddenly she and Arfidio bolted in opposite directions as the creature began its pursuit. The creature was chasing Arfidio who was running alongside Xolon. Arfidio ran through the multiplicity of data clusters, zigzagging and making sure to use the cocoons as speed buffers to slow down the hostile program. Despite the tortuous sleight, the creature continued its pursuit. Whenever Pevline sensed that the creature was getting too close to Arfidio, she threw scattered ornaments to draw the creature's attention, making it to change directions and buy Arfidio enough time to get to safety.
“Pevline, we can't outrun this thing forever.”
“Any ideas?” she asked as she slid between two data clusters that were slanted along the path and blocked the way, causing the other program to hit the blockade.
“We could retreat momentarily,” he said, watching as Pevline navigated the field, the creature hot on her trail.
“That might be viable but I doubt we'd reach the exit in time. And we can't risk this thing using the transmission portal. By the way, do you still have the data disintegrater with you?”
“Yes. Why do you ask?” Suddenly Arfidio's eyes widened. “Oh!” He quickly began rummaging through the items he was carrying. “But how are we going to use it? That thing is moving too fast for a stationary snare.” Arfidio began looking around. He saw that Xolon was staring at him. He then looked at the data disintegrater in his hands. He hesitated a moment. “Sorry, Xolon... but I need your help.” 
Arfidio began fastening the item to his pet. When it was secured, he returned his attention to Pevline who was still resorting to evasive maneuvers. He began shouting to her to run towards him.
Pevline was momentarily reluctant to forfeit the advantage of their space and numbers, but she saw that Arfidio was set to act and so she complied and began rushing toward Arfidio. As she approached, Xolon began running towards her. She saw that Arfidio had attached the data disintegrater to Xolon. A pinch of worry surged through her as she reached Xolon. 
But Xolon jetted right past her. It then sped toward the giant program that had been pursuing Pevline. Pevline quickly turned around as she heard the data disintegrater activate. She and Arfidio watched as the digital floor beneath Xolon and the other program lit up. The ground then became fragmented and gave way under their feet, and in the blink of an eye, the two were pulled into a  rerouting crevice that remained opened after Xolon and the chaser had disappeared.
Arfidio and Pevline rushed over to the ground portal and stared at the digital chasm. Suddenly, Arfidio shrugged.
“Arfi...” Pevline began, her voice resonating with apologetic anxiety, “I'm so sorry. I didn't know you were planning to use Xolon to facilitate our escape. I shouldn't have suggested that we use the disintegrater...”
“It's okay,” said Arfidio after a while. “I'm just glad that you're safe.” He then reached for an item on his hip: a pair of discs like those he had used atop the roof back in Gexelier. He then dropped one of the discs onto the ground and tossed the other one into the rerouting crevice. Neither he nor Pevline said anything. A long time passed and finally, Arfidio released a rueful sigh.
“I guess I probably should have said goodbye...”
Some more time passed, and all of a sudden the disc outside the portal lit up, and a moment later Xolon appeared, re-digitized, and leaped into Arfidio's arms. Pevline watched as Arfidio hoisted his pet into the air, jubilant that it was safe after all. She herself was just as relieved. And as the rerouting crevice closed, she joined the two in a brief celebration.

***

Chapter 4 — To Reconcile The Horizon

Having been re-united with Xolon, Arfidio and Pevline thereafter resumed their search for Ovric. They had long since explored beyond the field of data clusters and were in what appeared to be a digital forest. Oddly enough, the atmosphere of the forest appeared far less suspect and unsettling than that of the aforementioned data cluster field.
“Do you think he's all right?” asked Arfidio, seeming rather unquiet.
“Hard to say,” replied Pevline. “The things we've encounter beyond the portal aren't really sparking much optimism. But I suppose that if there's a slither of hope, Ovric's the type of stoic program to hold onto it. But yes, I hope we find him soon. By the way, you handled yourself well back at the data cluster fields.”
“Honestly, I was scared the entire time.” Arfidio glanced at Xolon. “If I had known the recycle plant portal would be this dangerous, I would have packed a few more things.”
“I'm hoping we won't be needing any more.”
The two continued onward. Soon they encountered a lone data cluster that didn't quite complement the vista of the forest.
“What's this doing so far out here?” asked Arfidio, as he and Pevline inspected the cocoon. Suddenly he began reaching his hand toward the data cluster.
“I don't think it would be a good idea to touch it,” said Pevline. “We already know the clusters are dangerous.”
“True,” said Arfidio, “but it just dawned on me that perhaps these things aren't harmful on the outside. I mean, wouldn't a program need to be inside the cocoon to undergo conversion?”
Pevline scratched her head. “I guess so,” she replied as Arfidio's hand unadvisedly drew closer.
“No!” said a voice from behind. “Don't touch it!” Pevline and Arfidio quickly turned around to see who had spoken. A girl was drawing closer to them, one that seemed familiar to Pevline but strange to Arfidio. “What are you kids doing here?”
“We're looking for someone,” replied Arfidio.
“Looking for someone?” The girl scanned the two individuals. Her eyes stopped on Pevline. “You. I recognize you.”
“Yes,” answered Pevline. “We met when that Recyclops was chasing you outside the recycle plant.”
“Then the person you're looking for is... I see.” The girl seemed to lighten her posture. She then extended her hand. “I'm Avarae.”
Pevline looked at Avarae, noting the familiar enigmatic footprints that trailed behind her. She then shook Avarae's hand and felt a strange sensation when their hands touched. “I'm Pevline. It's nice to meet you. This is Arfidio.”
Avarae nodded at Arfidio as a tacit greeting. “I surmise that you two found the hidden portal inside the recycle plant.”
“That we did.”
“Then I'm doubly surprised to see you again. You two must be serious about your search, hence you would not have come.”
“Indeed,” said Arfidio. “But do you mind if I ask you something?”
“What is it?” said Avarae.
“What exactly are you looking for? It would be nice to believe we're searching for the same thing, but I'm a little curious as to why you yourself are navigating this dangerous place.”
“How perceptive of you. It's true that I was initially concerned when that Recyclops appeared, but in truth it's not quite the entirety of my concern. I pulsed into this digital space because a certain key program has gone haywire. It's causing some problems in the outside world. I need to find and repair the 'Guardian Synth' program before the problems persist.”
Pevline and Arfidio looked at each other in confusion then back at Avarae.
“'Outside world'? 'Pulsed in'? What are you talking about?” said Arfidio.
“I suppose your confusion is understandable,” replied Avarae. “But it would take way too long to explain the Trans-module.”
“Trans-module?” repeated Arfidio. “Just what kind of program are you?!”
“Arfi,” said Pevline quietly, “I don't think she's a program at all.” This was a claim that to Arfidio seemed unfounded.
“What are you talking about? Of course she's a program.”
“I thought so too. But take a closer look. Those aren't really footprints trailing behind her. Her body is displacing the digital surfaces that she touches. Though I really don't get why.”
Avarae smiled, “That's pretty impressive, Pevline. You figured out that much just from the reaction of my footprints. You're right. I'm not really a program. But I came to this digital world to correct something.”
“So you're from a city outside of Gexelier?”
“Um, yes, but also one outside of this digital plane,” replied Avarae.
“I'm confused,” said Arfidio, still not quite undeceived. “Are you implying that there are other worlds?”
“Um, to put it simply, yes. Though I probably shouldn't have told you that.”
“Why?” asked Pevline.
“This digital plane is self-contained. While there are others like it, Gexelier and all the other cities here operate under a certain protocol, and all the programs here abide to whatever extent by that protocol. Though admittedly, the programs here aren't necessarily as scripted. The dilemma is that there's a problem with the 'Guardian Synth' program that smooths out certain program irregularities. I believe it has become infected or altered, and may be causing errors throughout Gexelier and the surrounding space.”
“I see...” said Pevline. “That might explain why the data clusters started appearing in the first place.”
“This 'Guardian Synth' program you mentioned, is there any way to fix it?” asked Arfidio.
“Yes, actually,” said Avarae cheerfully. “That's the easy part. The thing is it's not in its original location, so I kind of need to re-locate it. I had been searching for it when that Recyclops appeared.”
“And if we fix that program, the data clusters will be fixed as well, right?” asked Arfidio.
“Yes, but the individual clusters are less of a hassle.” Avarae reached for a device she was carrying. She attached parts of it to the front and back of the cluster and asked that Arfidio and Pevline stand back. She then activated the device and for a time the data cluster seemed to glow. A moment later the cluster began to peel away and digitally evaporate until the only thing that remained was the program that had been trapped inside the cocoon. 
Pevline and Arfidio assisted in steadying the program.
“Are you all right?” asked Pevline.
“Yes, I'm fine,” said the awakened program.
“Do you remember anything?”
“Yes. I was in Gexelier's shopping district not too long ago and some strange program appeared and I... guess I ended up here.”
“You're safe now,” said Pevline. She then turned to Arfidio, “Whatever Avarae did seemed to have interrupted the conversion process.”
“Conversion process?” repeated Avarae.
“Yes. We believe the data clusters are converting standard Gexelier programs into alternate programs.”
“Hmm. I suppose a glitch in the 'Guardian Synth' program could manifest in this way. All the more reasons to find it quickly. I have to hurry.”
“Wait,” said Pevline.
“What? Why?”
“We're coming with you.”
“You are?” said Avarae.
Arfidio seemed baffled as well, “We are?”
“Yes. We're looking for Ovric and she's looking for the 'Guardian Synth' program, but none of us know where either of them are. It stands to reason that we should travel together until we located either one seeing as it doesn't seem as if our searches are unrelated.”
“Good point,” said Avarae.
“We'll be happy to assist you anyway we can.”
“Thank you. If finding Ovric means solving this mystery, I welcome your solicitude.”
“Then we're all agreed,” said Arfidio. “So where are we heading?”
Avarae pointed in a direction beyond the forest, “That way. There's suppose to be a terminal situated at the edge of this area. It was originally built to house and transfer miscellaneous programs. I'm hoping we'll find some kind of clue there.”
“All right then,” said Pevline, following the unanimous onset, “let's go.”

***

Chapter 5 — That A New Day Dawns

Pevline, Arfidio, Xolon and Avarae departed from the digital forest. The three conversed on various topics as they made their way toward the area with the terminal. Avarae, it seemed, was a bit stupefied by some of the digital customs of Gexelier, and by way of periphrasis she explained that the artificial intelligence of the Gexelier programs was vastly different from those in several of the artificially constructed neo-digital domains. Pevline and Arfidio listened intently as Avarae expatiated on the difference between the physics in this and the so-called 'other world', unsure whether they or Avarae was more enamored with the alternate outlook.
The group soon arrived at the outskirts of their destination and were thunderstruck by what they found. Most of the landscape was characterized by corrupted data and glitches as if to presage unforeseen danger. The group moved through the area cautiously, making sure not to touch anything.
“What happened here?” asked Arfidio in response to the area's topography. “Everything looks so fragmented.”
“Something must be causing this,” said Pevline. “Could it be the 'Guardian Synth' program?”
“There's a strong probability,” replied Avarae. “If so, it might mean that we're very close.”
Proceeding forward, the group encountered several injured programs and Avarae sedulously rushed to assist.
“What are those markings on these programs?” asked Arfidio.
“It looks like they've been... infected,” replied Pevline.
“Infected? By what?”
“I'd say either by the surrounding space, the data clusters or whichever program is precipitating the data clusters.”
“I think so too,” said Avarae as she finished patching up the injured programs. “And judging by these readings, I'm guessing the Guardian Synth program is in the next area.”
“Then what are we waiting for?” asked Arfidio.
The party subsequently began moving again. They came to a  large levitating panel, which they used to bridge the expanse to the area believed to house the missing program. But the new area seemed particularly spooky. The area was sparsely populated with several large data clusters, which were radiated with an intense, lurid glow. The group traversed the area warily, attempting to remain unhinged by the sounds of the data clusters.
“Is that what I think it is?” asked Pevline, pointing to a giant, ominous cocoon-like structure that had roots sprouting from its base and data pulsing through the air that surrounded it.
“Yes,” replied Avarae with a pinch of relief, “it's the Guardian Synth program. We can finally repair it.”
Suddenly Arfidio pointed swiftly in another direction. “Look!” he shouted. “It's Ovric!”
“...And what I presume are the other missing Gexelier programs,” added Avarae. “They seem to be unharmed but unconscious.”
“We have to help them!” replied Pevline earnestly, as she began moving forward hastily.
“Pevline, look out!” said Arfidio.
But Pevline saw what Arfidio was talking about before he had spoken. A rather colossal program had just dashed between Pevline and the slumbering Gexelier residents. Pevline backed away.
“Is that... really a Recyclops?” asked Arfidio at the frightful sight.
“It seems so,” replied Pevline.
“But it looks so... strange. Infected even.”
It was true that the image of the Recyclops was startling. It possessed wildly exaggerated and morphed features as though it had undergone the cluster conversion several times. The Recyclops slowly moved forward and the group took a step back.
“What is that peculiar stream pouring from the Recyclops?” asked Avarae. “Something's flowing from it and connecting it with the Guardian Synth program.”
Suddenly Pevline's eyes widened. “Could it be that the Recyclops has been infected directly by the malfunctioning Guardian Synth program...? By that I mean, isn't it possible for the Guardian Synth program to have merged source codes with the Recyclops?!” she propounded.
“What?” said Arfidio and Avarae in unison.
“Think about it. The only thing the data clusters have been doing this whole time is 'recycling' programs. What if the reason for this is because the Recyclops' code got introduced to the malfunctioning 'Guardian Synth' program?”
“...And triggered a seemingly unknown function,” muttered Avarae. She then resolutely looked at Pevline and Arfidio.“You two, I have to repair the Guardian Synth program. But we'll likely have to do something about the infected Recyclops first.”
“But what about Ovric and the others?” said Arfidio, his concern evident.
“One of us will have to check their condition once the Recyclops is a safe distance away,” answered Pevline. And no sooner than she did, the Recyclops dashed forward with maddening speed. “Disperse!” she shouted.
The three broke away in different directions. The Recyclops began chasing Avarae, and Pevline attempted to stay in range of her. Arfidio it seemed had a bit more breathing room. He saw that he had enough time and space to ascertain the condition of Ovric and the other unconscious programs. Soon he reached next to Ovric. Occasionally, loud crashing sounds in the distance alerted him, but the continued noise informed him that both Avarae and Pevline were keeping up with the evasiveness.
“Ovric, can you hear me?!” said Arfidio, to which he received no response. “Come on, wake up.” After a time, he decided to check on the other injured units.
Meanwhile, Pevline and Avarae were still in a tangled dance with the rampaging Recyclops.
“Avarae,” shouted Pevline across the expanse, “is there anyway to repair the Recyclops before we repair the Guardian Synth?”
“Yes,” said Avarae. “Theoretically, I could fix the bug the same way I fixed the data clusters. But I don't think it'll give us the chance to get in front or behind it.” Avarae held up the coupled device she carried and watched as the Recyclops rushed Pevline.
“Is there any delay when those things are activated?” asked Pevline.
“Not really. Why?” asked Avarae.
“I have an idea. Toss me the other half of the device.”
“W-Why?” inquired Avarae tentatively.
“We'll position them at the same time, back and front. But you'll have to time the activation perfectly, or else...”
“I understand,” said Avarae.
Avarae tossed the other half of the device to Pevline, who then circled the area and picked up the circular plate. Pevline then waited for Avarae to get into position. Soon, Avarae was trailing behind the Recyclops. When she saw Pevline stop running to face the Recyclops, it necessitated that she too prepare to act. The two girls motioned toward the fierce creature at the same time. The Recyclops seemed ready to knock Pevline away, but Pevline was quick in her step. She scrupulously attached the plate onto the creature's chest and shoved off to change directions, rolling out of harm's way. Avarae it seemed had also been successful in attaching the second plate.
All at once, Arfidio stopped what he was doing. Why had all the noise died down? Had something happened to Pevline or Avarae? He quickly turned around to see what had transpired. When he did, he was astonished to see the Recyclops being transfigured like the first time Avarae had repaired the data cluster. Indeed, the program was no longer hostile but had been cleansed of its anomaly. As the creature drifted away, repaired and unfazed by the preceding events, Arfidio moved cheerfully toward Avarae and Pevline, following the fruits of their synergy.
“I can't believe it. You two actually did it.”
“Yes,” said Pevline, “which only leaves...”
The three of them looked in the direction of the Guardian Synth program.
“Wait here,” said Avarae. “I'll take care of it.”
Pevline and Arfidio stood, watching as Avarae attended to the program.
Suddenly a familiar voice sounded behind the two, “What are we looking at?”
Pevline and Arfidio quickly turned around at the sound.
“Ovric!” said the two merrily and at the same time. And immediately following this, Pevline embraced Ovric in a rather unbridled and affectionate hug before easing away.
Ovric looked at the other two as well as at the environment, in confusion, “As glad as I am to see you both... um, why aren't we in Gexelier? And just where exactly are we for that matter?”
“It's... a long story,” said Arfidio. “Do you remember anything?”
“Hmm. I think I remember being dragged away by a Recyclops.” All at once Ovric seemed to realized something. “Don't tell me that you two actually followed that thing in order to find me.”
Pevline turned their attention toward Avarae, who it seemed had just finished repairing the Guardian Synth, “We had some help.”
“And you,” said Ovric, “have my thanks.”
“None needed,” said Pevline, feeling a sense of kinship and rapport. “We're just glad you're safe.”
“Quit being so modest,” said Arfidio. “It was really mostly her idea to give chase. And she was rather tenacious about finding you too.”
Pevline smiled wryly at Arfidio. And Ovric smiled at Pevline.
“In that case, Pevline, you have my most heartfelt thanks.”
Thereafter, Avarae re-joined the rest of the group and was introduced to Ovric. The four talked for a while and waited as the other unconscious programs woke up.
“So what will you do now?” asked Avarae.
“We're going to escort everyone back to Gexelier,” answered Pevline. “And maybe report the incident. After that, hopefully everything returns to normal. What about you?”
“The Guardian Synth program is fixed and the mystery is solved. All that's left to do is hide the program in a secure place and the mission is complete. Though, I may check to see if all the data clusters have been taken care of. That said, I'll be returning to the other side.”
“I see,” said Arfidio. “Well, it was a pleasure to have met you. But will we ever see you again?”
“For a more casual and less strenuous meeting, I sure hope so,” replied Avarae.
“Sounds good to me,” said Pevline enthusiastically. “And we'd be just as happy if you rang us up should another  mystery crop up.”
“I'll keep that in mind,” replied Avarae. “For now though, I think we should probably get everyone back to Gexelier.”
“Yes,” replied Pevline, “I think so.” 
And with that, the group departed for the transmission portal, thereby concluding the mystery of the data clusters of Gexelier.


THE END

STORY 4: 'Pacts And Palpitations'


A Wholly Fictional Work Of Paranormal Romance And Should Be Treated As Such

Chapter 1 — Mendacious Meeting

The afternoon seemed as favorable as the sky was clear.
Krevio paused to examine the features of the land. Looking closely at the ground, he noticed the arrangements of the broken twigs and leaves. The tracks were fresh. And it seemed likely that he would be able return to Lupinolum with a bit more than a stomach-fulls worth of edibles. But it was still early. And so, he set out to add catch to hand instead of counting chickens.
About fifteen minutes thereafter, Krevio made contact with what he believed was his first quarry. The creature, by his estimation, was holed up a few meters away and under a clump of shrubs. But just as he thought to approach, Krevio was distracted by the aerial sounds of a passing bird. Looking up, his eyes widened. A large, enigmatic creature was flying overhead. It had brown and greenish-grey plumage and a yellow breast. Failing to identify it on the spot, Krevio's eyes followed the circling creature for a while. It was only the remembrance of his grounded prey that roused him from his seemingly distracted reverie.
But alas, the creature within the shrubs had not squandered the opportunity supplied by the bird in flight. 
Krevio gritted his teeth.
The error had tempered the pace of the hunt. With the loss of his quarry and a slight growl of his stomach, a slight sense of unease had also set in. And as he saw the flying creature making preparations to land in the distance, Krevio gained renewed fervor. 
There was but one problem: the creature had landed in Saberel territory. Would he really chance setting foot there? With the lack of liger scent in the air, and the prospect of failing to secure not one but two items of pottage within the hour, Krevio's mind was made up.
Overcoming his reluctance, he began moving through the woods in search of the target.
Krevio soon arrived at his destination. Thereupon he perused the scenery with much perplexity. The large bird he had been expecting to locate was nowhere in sight. Instead, he was greeted only with the image of a woman positioned by the nearby effervescent river as she took a portion of water in hand. She took a sip of the water before she turned to regard Krevio. 
The two paused momentarily.
Krevio opened his mouth to speak but the woman by the river managed the greeting first.
“Pleasant day, isn't it?”
Krevio remained transfixed as though trying to make sense of something, “Yes, it is.” He looked about the area and then back at the woman. “By chance, are you from Saberel?”
The woman looked owlishly at him, “Can't say that I am.”
There was a pause.
“What's your name, if you don't mind my asking?”
The woman pursed her lips a while, “Ocalet.” Krevio thought he sensed a momentary flinch but dismissed it. “Why have you come here?” she asked.
“Hunting. I spotted a sightly bird land in this vicinity.”
“Oh. So you're looking for your prey?” The woman returned her attention to the lively river. 
“Did you by chance see where it landed?”
The woman named Ocalet replied in a calm and timely fashion, “I saw no other creature.”
“I see...” Krevio scratched his head. “In any case, you should probably leave this area.”
“And why is that?”
“This is Saberel territory and they're not fond of trespassers. You did say you're not of Saberel, correct? It would put my mind at ease if you exited the woods before any harm befalls you.”
Ocalet exhibited a subtle smile which evolved into a gentle laugh. “How amusing. A moment ago I was on the menu, and now you offer the tenderness of your aegis.”
Krevio's eyes widened, as if in realization, “You're a shifter.”
“Perhaps so, perhaps not.”
“By that knowledgeable admission, you've confirmed it. But... that would make you a Hazel-Wing.”
“And you are a shifter from Lupinolum, aren't you?”
“What gave me away?”
Ocalet pointed to Krevio's empty hands, “Which other outsider would go hunting inside Saberel territory without any form of hunting gear?”
Krevio smiled wryly at this, “Fair enough. Truthfully though, I'm a little curious now as to what brought you here. Hazel-Wings by our observation don't reside in this area.”
The woman paused. “I am... in search of something.”
“Really now? Are you some kind of treasure hunter?”
“No, but that doesn't change the nature of the search.”
“I see. Would you like me to give you some assistance?”
“I must say I feel inclined to decline.” said Ocalet tactfully.
“For what reason?”
“I just have a strange feeling you'd give me a lot of trouble and then some.”
Krevio laughed at this, “You say that, but have I displeased you in any way within the past ten minutes?”
“No, I can't say that you have. But as true as that may be, our conversation will have to end here...”
“Krevio.”
“Ah. Forgive my earlier indecorum. It was nice meeting you, Krevio. I do hope the rest of your hunt goes successfully. Farewell.”
“Wait!” shouted Krevio as Ocalet turned away.
But he only managed to make four steps forward before the woman transformed into a large, greenish-grey feathered bird and took to the sky, leaving behind a trail of unanswered questions.

*

The next day, Krevio found himself with quite the quandary. The previous day's hunt had unnerved him with its curiosity. He found himself retracing his steps, making his way back toward the spot by the river. Indeed, Ocalet had made an impression. How odd it was that he now forwent the plethora of scurrying woodland creatures that canvassed the area in order to facilitate a search not quite for the edible provisions but for the bewitching company.
After some time spent succumbing to the gravity of nostalgia, Krevio soon arrived at his destination. He scanned the location, assessing how the scene seemed identical to how it was the previous afternoon, save for one missing detail: Ocalet. 
“I suppose the moment has passed,” said Krevio in exhalation. “Birds of a feather, and all that...”
So caught was he in his cerebration that Krevio did not seem to notice that he was not the only one in the vicinity. The other voice caught him off guard:
“What are doing here?”
Krevio quickly looked seventy degrees from his forward stare to see someone emerging from the other side of the woods and into the clearing. But it was not the particularly delicate visage he had been anticipating.
“Hello, Sedanto,” said Krevio.
The other man remained terse, “I said what are you doing here, Krevio?”
“Just out on the trail.”
“Out on the trail? In Saberel territory? You're not usually this careless.”
“And you're not usually this hostile, be us rivals or not. Thinking to settle the score, are you?”
“It's not like you haven't provided at least two good reasons in the last two minutes.”
A moment passed, and with it the sense of reservation.
Suddenly Sedanto's appearance transfigured into that of a large cat. Krevio stepped back at the sight of the liger.
“You're actually serious about this.” He listened as the creature roared at him in answer. “I see. Whether this is a battle to the death or not, you're definitely going to regret it.”
With that, Krevio shapeshifted his form also and turned into a large wolf.
The two creatures began circling each other, sharp fangs and claws at the ready with the intention to wound. The two began drawing closer, getting ready to strike.
Suddenly a large shadow flew overhead and then hovered. The creature soon landed nearby as if to spectate the deadly match. Both Sedanto and Krevio noticed the creature, but it was Krevio who momentarily discontinued the fight. He reverted back to his human form to address the arrival of the Hazel-Wing.
“Are you... Ocalet?”
The large bird paused a moment as it finally recognized Krevio. It began to morph and sure enough its identity was the woman he had met the previous day.
Even Sedanto himself had to acclimate to the aberration. “Krevio,” he said in human form, “do you have some matter to settle with that woman as well?”
“Yes, I do,” answered Krevio.
Ocalet was rather surprised to hear this. “Is that true, Krevio? I really wasn't expecting to see you again so soon. And though my own query today is with your opponent, should we meet again after this, I might have to considerate it fate.”
Krevio looked from Ocalet to Sedanto and back to Ocalet. “You and Sedanto are... well acquainted?”
“Hardly,” she replied. Ocalet then extended her hand to Sedanto. “Give it back.”
Sedanto smirked, “I have no idea what you're talking about.”
“The amulet you have around your neck, it doesn't belong to you.”
Sedanto toyed with the trinket, “This thing? I found it on Saberel grounds. It's mine now.”
“Sedanto. Give. It. Back.”
“Didn't we already go over this, Ocalet? If you want it back, we can have a civilized discussion back at Saberel village... just the two of us.”
“Like I'd agree to that!”
“If that's the case, the item in question stays with me.” A long pause ensued, disrupted only by the sounds of Saberel inhabitants howling in the distance. “It seems the other ligers have picked on  both your scents...”
Krevio and Ocalet glanced at each other.
“You have to leave immediately,” said Ocalet emphatically.
“So do you,” replied Krevio.
“Sorry to leave you like this,” she said again. “Don't die.”
With that Ocalet took to the sky.
Krevio didn't need any telling. He quickly changed forms and began racing away from the location.
Sedanto watched as Krevio disappeared into the woods, “A contest of speed, huh?” He then took liger form and began pursuit.
Krevio sped through the area, the other residents of the woods scattering and scuttling to safety. Even without looking back, he could sense that Sedanto wasn't too far behind. Listening closely he could make out about five or six other ligers trying to catch up to Sedanto. Krevio sprinted as fast as his legs could carry him. He almost slowed down when he began noticing familiar sights that indicated the outskirts of the Saberel territory. He quickly resumed focus, and somehow by some miracle he managed to make it to the neutral territory before the unthinkable could happen.

***

Chapter 2 — Beguiling Bonds

Days later, Krevio makes his way through Lupinolum, the wolf village. The village seemed a bit calmer today, which had not been the case following the incident with Sedanto and the other ligers. Many of the inhabitants of Lupinolum had actually been quite furious in learning of what nearly transpired. And for a time, the perceived grievance almost precipitated the need for retaliation. Sensing the pace of the misdirected camaraderie, Krevio was quick to point out that he had been guilty of trespassing and managed to subdue the ill-favored inclination of the more belligerent members of Lupinolum.
Now that things were back to normal, Krevio found himself on another hunt. But this time, it was a hunt for information. Truly, his encounter with Ocalet had been imprinted. He began inquiring around Lupinolum as to whether anyone had come across a Hazel-Wing by that name. He knew it was unlikely that anyone in the village would have befriended a Hazel-Wing, and as a consequence of that fact, many wondered why he was even asking for the information in the first place. Nevertheless, the other hunters shared what they knew, though admittedly, just about everyone said they hadn't come across any of the Hazel-Wings. The most that was gleaned was that a few were seen passing by, but no information was given as it related to coordinates, nor was it confirmed whether Ocalet was amidst those numbers.
To Krevio's surprise, there was one person in Lupinolum who had in fact confirmed a run-in with Ocalet. And that person was Narumie, his sister.
“What did you just say, Narumie?”
Narumie folded her arms and averted her eyes. “I said Ocalet is no longer in Saberel territory.”
“But how can you know that?”
“I've met her.”
“When? Where?”
“This past day. As for where, I'm not telling you.”
Krevio's eyes widened. “Don't play, Narumie. Tell me where you saw her.”
“I can't say I see a reason for your particular fervor on this issue, Krevio.”
“That doesn't change the fact that I do have reasons.”
“And on the matter of locating Ocalet, I have mine.”
“What possible reason could you have for this obstruction?”
Narumie looked at her brother briefly, and then as if to signal the end of the conversation, she simply said, “Lupinolum is Lupinolum.”
And with that, she took her leave.

*

Following his conversation with Narumie, Krevio made his way outside the village in search of fruits and medicinal herbs. As he picked a succulent fruit from a tree, he bit into it and began clumping together the nearby medicinal leaves. Suddenly his mind wandered back to his conversation with Narumie. He still couldn't believe she refused to divulge Ocalet's whereabouts. Thinking on it, he took solace in the fact that Ocalet had managed safety after the incident with Sedanto. But it didn't change the fact that he had no idea how to locate her.
Suddenly, Krevio's eyes widened and he dropped the items he was holding. Why hadn't he made the deduction sooner? Didn't Narumie say she had run into Ocalet within the past twenty four hours? If that piece of information was true, then...
Krevio quickly shapeshifted into his wolf form, and all at once he began sprinting toward the area near Lupinolum. He couldn't believe the nature of his oversight. If Narumie had in fact come in contact with Ocalet in the past day, it stood to reason that all he had to do was retrace her steps. Narumie was no stranger; picking up on her scent shouldn't be too hard.
In circling Lupinolum, Krevio managed to distinguish between the various members who had passed by and locked onto Narumie's scent. He began following the trail in the direction opposite to Lupinolum. It was still evening and he wondered just how much ground he would have to cover. A few times he thought the trail had grown cold but in steady time he managed to regain the track. Sunset was about two hours away; he could only hope he would make some progress by then.
As if in response to his thoughts, Krevio suddenly detected another scent. It was faint but also familiar. He proceeded a bit farther and soon reached a glade just at the mouth of a cave. The vista  entailed a large flat rock lying at the center of the glade, and sitting atop the flat rock was a woman.
Noticing the wolf's presence, the woman stood to her feet. The two stared at each other a while.
Suddenly Krevio slowly transitioned from a wolf back to human form.
Ocalet couldn't help but smile.
“Lovely evening, isn't it?” she said with a grin.
“Lovelier than I'd like to admit,” replied Krevio. He then paused. “It's nice to see you again.”
“I share the sentiment. How did you find me?”
“Someone said they saw you. I simply followed the trail.”
“I see. So you came looking, huh? Not quite a coincidence then. But following our previous encounters, I wonder if I should still consider this fate.”
Krevio smiled, “Let's just consider it a proper chance to... enjoy the sunset.”
“I am... open to that prospect.”
With that, Krevio approached and took a seat next to Ocalet.
Before long the two found themselves talking about a great deal of things. With zest and smiles, they spoke of Lupinolum, of Narumie, of Saberel and of the Hazel-Wings. Time seemed to flow as smoothly as the conversation. It was amazing just how much the two had to say on the matter of their first two meetings. And then they realized they weren't dissembling here so much as then.
“I must admit,” began Krevio, “you're fun to be around, Ocalet.”
“Thank you,” she replied. “But please, call me Tresline.”
Krevio blinked at her, “Is Ocalet supposed to be your last name?”
“Um, No.”
“No?”
“To be honest, it's not my name at all. My name's Tresline.”
“Wait. What? Then why did you tell me your name is Ocalet?”
“To put it simply, Ocalet is an alias we Hazel-Wings use under certain conditions. The word 'Ocalet' means 'Leaf'. In general, we primarily use that situational word during transient encounters.”
“Are you implying that you didn't quite trust me the first time we met?”
“Are you saying you planned to invite me to dinner instead of having me for dinner?”
Krevio couldn't help but laugh.
“I walked right into that one, didn't I?”
“Perhaps. But it's all good now though. And now you can call me Tresline.”
“You say that, but does 'Tresline' have some other meaning I should know about?”
“I should think it means that you and I are acquainted enough now.”
“That's... good to hear.”
The two remained where they were for a time, watching the setting of the sun. Suddenly, Tresline's lips parted:
“It's going to be dark soon...”
“Yes, I know.”
“Why... are you still here?” she asked slowly.
“I haven't found an answer yet.”
“An answer?” she repeated. “To what?”
Krevio suddenly turned to face her, and in one smooth motion brought his arms around Tresline and pulled her closer. She embraced the first kiss. And the second. And the third. And when Krevio began undressing, she followed suit.
Whatever answer Krevio had been seeking that evening, he surely found it. They both had.

***

Chapter 3 — Covetous Covenants

A week later, Krevio and the other men of Lupinolum return from a hard day's work of hunting. They were walking towards the village with scores of food items in hand and generally seemed to be in high spirits. The men spoke animatedly about the hunt: of the skirmishes out in the field and of the near misses. As per usual following their day in the field, it was a competitive atmosphere characterized by jocund remarks and talks about the workings and happenings of Lupinolum. Soon the discussion became about women.
“Krevio,” said one of the hunters, one with a tattoo on his shoulder, “Where were you yesterday? Didn't seem like you were in the village. Couldn't pick up your trail anywhere near the search site.”
“I think you know where he was,” said another of the hunters, this time a man wearing leather gloves.
The first of the hunters seemed startled, “Wait. This isn't about that Ocalet woman, is it?”
“Her name's not Ocalet,” said Krevio. “It's Tresline.”
“What? Another one? How are you pulling these women out of thin air?”
Krevio thought to correct the misunderstanding but decided to just let it pass.
“A lot of people in Lupinolum are talking about it,” chimed the man wearing the leather gloves. “I didn't even think the Hazel-Wings favored the area near the village. Seems Krevio has found a love nest though.”
“Hmm. So that's the reason,” said the other hunter. “I thought something might have happened to you. With the rivalry with the ligers getting rowdy, you really need to notify the rest of the team, Krevio. In any case, when are we going to meet this Tresline?”
“I'm not sure yet.”
“Keeping her all to yourself, eh? You sly dog, you. Guess I won't be giving her a 'hi, hello or a howdy do.'”
Krevio smiled wryly, “I'm just enjoying the catch for a moment.”
“Well if you say so. But be careful. The area near Saberel has changed while you were away.”
“What do you mean?” asked Krevio.
“I hear Sedanto is patrolling the area more frequently now. Word is that he's up to something, and I wouldn't be surprised if it had something to do with that incident from over a week ago.”
“Are you saying I should be worried?”
“Not quite, but just be careful.”
“All right.”
Krevio and the other hunters moved through Lupinolum at a leisurely pace. One by one the group disbanded to their own destinations, and Krevio soon found himself back at his own home. He spent some time sorting the acquired provisions and then sat down to rest for a while. He then reclined and closed his eyes for a moment. But no sooner than he closed them, he was stirred to action by someone pulling him out of the chair. 
It was Narumie, and she seemed rather perturbed.
“Where were you today?” she asked a little less than civilly.
“Hunting,” Krevio answered coolly.
“Really? Hunting?”
Krevio calmly pointed to the things he had brought in from outside, “Yes. Hunting.”
“Don't lie to me. I know what you've been up to with Tresline.”
Krevio exhaled, “I'm tired.”
“What does that have to do with anything?”
“Well, it doesn't seem like we're about to have reasonable discourse and I'd prefer if you didn't drag Tresline into whatever this is about.”
“You've been sleeping with her.”
“Not that it's any of your business, but so what?”
“Didn't I explicitly tell you to stay away from her? I don't even remember telling you about where she was.”
“In a way, you kind of did,” replied Krevio evenly.
“In any case, I forbid you from continuing to see her. It's all anyone talks about.”
“Why is that problematic?”
“It just is! Lupinolum, Saberel and the Hazel-Wings have been at harmony for the longest while. Sure, Saberel are a different and intractable issue but that's not the point.”
“Narumie,” began Krevio, “Lupinolum and the Hazel-Wings have no quarrel. None whatsoever. Even Sedanto has made advances at Tresline. My relationship with Tresline is hardly any real issue of contention.”
“You say that but you're wrong. Nothing good will come of it.”
“I wholly disagree. And just where is all this drama even coming from, anyway? Prior to this, you couldn't care less about who I was seeing. Come to think of it, you neglected to tell me what happened when you and Tresline first spoke.”
Narumie opened her mouth to reply but didn't. Some unknown emotion seemed to flicker in her eyes. Suddenly she shrugged softly at her own chagrin:
“Nevermind... It seems we won't be able to agree on this issue.”
Krevio watched as Narumie turned around.
“Where are you going?” he asked.
Narumie answered in reticent exhalation, “To clear my mind and enjoy the night air.”
Krevio watched her leave. He then reclined backward into his seat and permitted himself a moment's reprieve.

*

Several days later, Narumie found herself walking through Lupinolum. It was a sunny afternoon with a few clouds and a crisp inviting breeze. Narumie looked about her. Usually at this hour, she would see some of the men of Lupinolum gathered at the village gate, preparing to make treks to one of the rivers or canvass the landscape. Judging by how early it was, she concluded that the hunters had gone fishing. She thought to assume that Krevio was amid their number on this particular outing, but she could neither confirm the fact nor take solace in it.
Narumie sighed. The nature of her quandary was again surfacing in her mind, the resolution of which she could find no answers to.
Suddenly, a thought dawned on her, a thing in answer to something Krevio had said to her. Narumie stopped walking altogether. She raised her hand to her mouth a moment, as if to counter the gasp that might in someway betray her mind and reveal her thoughts. The idea she had gained seemed a solution and a new problem in and of itself. She reflected on it for approximately half a minute: Saberel territory was quite some distance away. No doubt she could get there in twenty minutes. But what were the odds of this makeshift plan coalescing into anything but trouble?
“Only one way to find out...”
And with that Narumie exited Lupinolum. And when the village receded into the background, she shapeshifted into wolf form and began moving toward Saberel.
She traversed the neutral territory without much cause for concern, but slowed her pace as she approached the outskirts. When she was just steps shy of Saberel territory, she stopped to examine her surroundings. She confirmed her momentary safety but then wondered whether proceeding farther was the correct course of action.
Suddenly Narumie heard footsteps approaching, and hid herself while assuming an evasive stance. She stole glances from her hiding place in an attempt to see who or what had approached. Her eyes quickly dilated at her luck, for just several meters away was Sedanto patrolling the area alone.
Narumie hesitated for some time and bit her lip. But after inhaling a moment she made up her mind and left the sanctity of her hiding place.
“I come in peace,” she greeted with a few short and dilatory steps.
Sedanto was startled and quickly turned to regard the perceived threat. But looking around he saw only the lone figure. 
A brief silence passed.
“You're not from Saberel, are you?” said Sedanto. “And yet you look so familiar. Who are you?”
“Narumie... of Lupinolum.”
Sedanto's eyes dilated, “But that would mean...” He began looking around frantically. “Where's Krevio?!”
“He's not here.”
“What?”
“I said he's not here. I came here alone.”
Sedanto relaxed his form momentarily, “Clearly, one of us must be confused right now. Why, might I ask, would you be here?”
“I came here to talk with you.”
“With me?” repeated Sedanto.
“Yes.”
“Are you aware that I'm not fond of Lupinolum?”
“The reverse could easily be true. Yet in light of our lack of aggression these past few minutes, a bit of discourse doesn't seem so impractical.”
Sedanto paused to regard Narumie with skepticism, “If optimism could kill.” He then folded his arms. “In any case, what is this matter that compels you so.”
“You're aware that Krevio has become intimate with a Hazel-Wing named Tresline, correct?”
“You must mean Ocalet,” said Sedanto, fiddling with the amulet around his neck. “I suspected that they had become close. It also occurred to me as a reason for both their absences. I admit: it is not an outcome I am particularly pleased with.”
Sedanto thought he noticed the faintest of smiles form on Narumie's face, but it disappeared as quickly as it came.
“It seems we have some common ground on this matter, so I'll just be upfront with you. I seek your help in correcting that relationship.”
Sedanto furrowed his brows, “I think I understand your meaning, but you puzzle me. I'm sure Krevio's happiness means something to you, so why then would you go to lengths to enlist my aid in driving a wedge between him and Ocalet?”
“Is it so strange that by happenstance you and I may want similar things?” inquired Narumie.
“Perhaps. But while Krevio is my rival and I can perceive my own reasons, your motives elude me. I get the feeling you really have something against Ocalet herself. What? I can't say. Could it be that you're actually...” Sedanto paused mid-sentence. Narumie had glared at him and he declined to finish what he was going to say.
Silence ensued. And then Narumie spoke again.
“Are we or are we not of the same mind on this issue?” she asked ardently.
Sedanto paused a moment to further give it some thought. Finally, he relaxed his shoulders.
“You've piqued my interest.”
“Is that a yes?”
“Yes, it is,” replied Sedanto.
“Good.”
The two began moving toward the lone tree that stood between the two areas. They stood face to face with a mystifying tension between them.
“You know,” began Sedanto, “Not that I've reneged on our agreement, but I have a caveat in mind.”
“What is it?” asked Narumie, slightly confused.
“A test of sorts.” Sedanto slowly raised his hand and pinched Narumie's chin, bringing her to rest against the tree. He then ran his hand along the outline of her shoulder and noted her sustained poise and composure. He could see in her eyes that she understood. “You know, you still have time to leave if you want.”
Narumie momentarily pursed her lips, “Now where's the fun in that?”
Sedanto smiled a genuine smile, and then slowly bridged the space between himself and Narumie that their bodies might whisper a different tune.

***

Chapter 4 — Symphonic Schism

Krevio and Tresline walk slowly out the lit cavern.
Looking ahead they eyed the large slab of flat rock positioned right in front of the cave. The two moved forward slowly and seated themselves. The atmosphere was cool with a few nebulous clouds passing by. 
“I think it's going to rain,” said Tresline portentously.
Krevio looked about the area and at the relatively notable visibility of the sky, “How can you tell?”
“I just have a feeling...”
For a time, the two remained at their spot, talking about various things while enjoying the ambience.
“I must say I've come to like this location. It's just outside the usual Lupinolum threshold. Can't say it's overly populated with vegetation and the like though.”
“I know.” replied Tresline, “That's why I selected this spot. I noticed it when I was flying from Windlefron.”
“Windlefron? Is that one of the Hazel-Wing nests?”
“Yes, it is. There are a few scattered around the area but sometimes I stop here to cool off. It's one of my two favorites spots in the vicinity.”
“Two? Where's the second one?”
Tresline smiled, “The spot by the river where we met.”
Krevio laughed, “How poetic. I'm just going to guess that that one was a favorite even before we met.”
“Can't say it has to be the only reason now. Admittedly, I can't say I've been by the river recently either. You may be a factor of that previous fact though. That aside I have only one other reason for going there.”
“Settling feathers in Saberel... that amulet must really mean a lot to you.”
“It does.”
“Was it some kind of gift?” asked Krevio.
“Not exactly. The amulet is beaded with several small precious stones and ornaments, but that's not the precise reason why it's important. All Hazel-Wings have similar amulets, but the thing is, the stones and ornaments used to make the amulet are from the different places we've visited.”
“So then, the amulet is like a special identifier?”
“We prefer to think of it as a map, but you're not wrong in your assessment.”
Krevio exhaled, “Too bad Sedanto has it now... If his interest in you is real, you'll have as much trouble getting it back as anyone from Lupinolum would.”
“You know,” began Tresline, “I never quite understood why Saberel and Lupinolum became anathema to each other in the first place.”
“Honestly, after all these years I haven't really pinpointed our reason for contention. While we agree on a lot of things, the few things we disagree on carry a lot of weight. I imagine its the same between any two people. But to be fair, in light of the neutral area and respect for prospective boundaries most of the time, Saberel and Lupinolum really aren't at the extremes of the scale that pivots harmony against discord.”
Tresline tittered at this, “And just where exactly do you and I fall on that scale?”
Krevio pulled Tresline closer and kissed her softly, “I'd say we're very close to finding the middle.”
Tresline smiled, but just as Krevio was about to kiss her again the two of them paused upon hearing the steady sounds of some other creature approaching. A moment later, two new entrants had appeared within the sanctity of the idyllic glade: a wolf and a liger.
Krevio and Tresline stood to their feet, confused as to what a liger was doing so close to the Lupinolum outlands. And when the two new arrivals took their corporeal forms, the befuddlement was only extended.
Sedanto and Narumie stood quietly before Krevio and Tresline, intense and intent stares between all four of them.
“So,” began Sedanto, “this is where you two have been hiding away. No wonder...”
“What are you doing here, Sedanto?” asked Krevio evenly. “And how did you find this place?”
“I brought him here,” answered Narumie.”
Krevio's eyes widened, “You what?! But why?” He then momentarily glanced at Sedanto and then back to Narumie. “Narumie, is Sedanto holding you against your will?”
“Perish the thought,” she replied with steadfast sass. “I'm here because I want to be.”
“That still doesn't account for why you've brought him here.”
“To rouse you two from this drunken sleep, obviously.”
“How strange,” replied Tresline, “I wasn't aware that we were dreaming.”
“And you, Sedanto?” said Krevio. “Could such a puerile reason have really been enough to lure you here?”
Sedanto waded his hand laterally through the air as if to highlight the surroundings and allude to the singularity of the current grouping, “No doubt: I have an abundance of reasons.”
Suddenly Narumie and Sedanto began getting into position, prompting Tresline and Krevio to do the same.
“Stay true,” whispered Narumie to Sedanto. “The wind is still at our backs.”
Sedanto offered no worded reply. He simply shapeshifted into his other form, and Narumie did the same soon thereafter.
“What should we do?” asked Tresline of Krevio, and as though to address some concern, added, “I can't leave you like this.”
Krevio inhaled and then spoke in simple exhalation, “Then let us make it through this... together. It goes without saying, but be gentle with Narumie.”
With that, he shapeshifted, and Tresline wasted no time in joining him. The four units then began inching closer towards each other, with the suspenseful but maddening music of mayhem dividing the two obverse groups.
Soon the battle commenced, with Sedanto, Narumie and Krevio circling each other violently as Tresline fluttered her wings and talons a few meters off the ground. The four moved animatedly through the enclosure, pulses racing amid the skirmish. Though it seemed Tresline in Hazel-Wing form was close enough to the ground targets, it was clear that Narumie and Sedanto were focusing their attacks on Krevio, a fact that only Narumie seemed unhinged by.
Suddenly, Narumie switched back to her human form, but only to enable communication between herself and Sedanto in his liger form.
“Sedanto!” she called out. “Why are you fighting Krevio?! I'm the one that's supposed to keep him at bay. This isn't part of the plan!”
Sedanto seemed to not understand Narumie's words, or simply disregarded them, for he was still locked into a vicious battle with Krevio. Narumie watched the flow of battle. She was unsure whether to help Krevio or Sedanto. Seeing Tresline draw close to flanking Sedanto, she made up her mind to engage Tresline and so she shifted forms.
The conflict seemed set upon itself and raged on. Occasionally, one combatant would be knocked into the other fray but soon the designations held true again.
Suddenly, Tresline came swooping down at Narumie, who attempted a quick evasion only to find herself at the lock between Sedanto and Krevio's next assault. The assault knocked her into a nearby tree, incapacitating her momentarily. Krevio quickly moved to inspect Narumie's condition but was supervened by an unrelenting Sedanto.
Tresline hastily moved to lend her aid to Krevio. She and he worked concordantly to the effect of thwarting Sedanto's advance. In truth, despite Krevio and Tresline's united front, Sedanto remained tenacious. But it was becoming apparent to Sedanto that the wind was no longer in his sail. In the face of a ground opponent, an aerial opponent and an unconscious team mate, it would have been folly to not acknowledge the glaring vicissitude.
And so, he abruptly changed to his human form.
Krevio and Tresline were momentarily confused. Tresline for her part landed and a moment later she and Krevio reverted to human forms as well.
“It seems this battle has been decided,” said Sedanto with a sigh. “Though I loathe the condition, the result remains the same.” His eyes then wandered toward Narumie. He looked wistfully at her slumbering form. “Sometimes you win and then sometimes you learn...” He then returned his attention back to the other two. “The fight need not continue.”
“Does this mean we're no longer enemies?” asked Krevio.
“Lupinolum is still Lupinolum. And Saberel is still Saberel. The answer to your question is obvious. However,” Sedanto turned to regard Tresline, “if you so desire, Ocalet, there's still room for you at Saberel. Won't you consider it?”
Tresline slowly reached beside her and took Krevio's hand into hers, “I would think the answer to that question to be just as obvious.”
Sedanto smiled wryly, “I see. In that case...” He then took the amulet from around his neck and tossed it back to Tresline.
Tresline slowly examined the amulet. She then with a gentle expression looked at Sedanto, “Thank you.”
“What's done is done.”
“You're leaving?” asked Krevio.
“Yes. I've been here long enough. I must head back. But make no mistake: Saberel is off limits. I don't want to catch anyone else from Lupinolum near there again.” Sedanto momentarily glanced at Narumie. He then exhaled softly, “Tell Narumie she should visit sometime...”
And with that he began making his way back toward Saberel.

***

Chapter 5 — Fangs And Feathers

Narumie could feel her eyelids fluttering in her hypnopompic state. Of all her senses her hearing was the first to be engaged. She could hear the sound of water splashing against leaves and soil. It was raining. Narumie slowly opened her eyes, wondering why the area was dimly lit. She quickly deduced that she was not back at Lupinolum. Moreover, she didn't seem to be at the location where she lost consciousness.
A few seconds after making out the cavernous space, Narumie finally noticed that someone had been tending to her injuries. She looked about her, expecting to see Krevio, however the person applying the remedial aid was neither Krevio nor Sedanto, but Tresline. Narumie became tense momentarily. But looking further along she could see Krevio guarding the area as he looked out at the rainfall. Narumie slowly relaxed, somehow feeling a sense of double loss. She sighed.
Krevio noticed Narumie's exhalation and quickly turned to go to her side.
“How are you feeling?” he asked.
“A bit woozy... and a little hungry... but more or less fine,” answered Narumie. “Where's Sedanto?”
“He left about an hour ago.”
“Oh...”
“I'm... glad you're okay though.” Krevio paused a moment to pat Narumie on the head without a  single note of reproof. He then stood up. “I'll get you something to eat.” He then turned to Tresline. “I'll be back soon.”
He then went out into the rain, leaving the two women to themselves.
For a time neither one spoke.
Soon a sigh escaped Narumie, “I suppose now I owe you both thanks and an apology.”
Tresline seated herself next to Narumie, with both their backs resting against the wall, “I suppose no real harm was done.”
“Even so...”
“Just forget about it...”
Narumie opened her mouth but then halted her speech. And for a time, only the trickle of the raindrops could be heard.
“I hate to admit it, but you and Krevio actually work well together...” said Narumie, her eyes glancing away and then returning forward.
“I'm kind of heartened to hear you say that. But really, he and I just have congenial natures. I'm a bit surprised Sedanto took a liking to you, though.”
Narumie managed a little laugh, “I guess you could say the men of Saberel and Lupinolum occasionally share the same weaknesses.”
“I won't be one to disagree with you about that.”
A moment passed.
And Narumie suddenly pursed her lips, “But really though... thanks.”
“Apology accepted.”
Narumie nodded and slowly stood to her feet. “I think I better head back to Lupinolum.”
“Are you well enough?”
“Yes, I think so. Think I'll rest near the square. Krevio will know where to find me. I'll be going now.”
Tresline stood also, “Maybe we should talk again sometime.”
“Yes... Maybe.”
Suddenly Narumie went out into the glade and soon disappeared into the woods. 
Not long after, Krevio returned with a handful of fruits, but was dismayed by Narumie's absence.
“Where's Narumie?” he asked.
“She headed back to Lupinolum.”
“By herself?”
“She said she was up to it and that you'd know where to find her.”
“I see.” He paused momentarily, eyeing the fruits in hand. “Hungry?”
Tresline nodded, “Hmmhm.”
The two exited the cavern and perched themselves atop the flat rock at the center of the glade. One by one they partook of the edibles while talking about the events of the day. The conversation soon dialed down and Krevio rose to his feet.
“Come with me,” he said.
“Well that was sudden,” replied Tresline as she stood up.
“I meant to Lupinolum. Just for today.”
Tresline paused a moment, “I don't know. I only just got on proper speaking terms with Narumie today and...”
Krevio smiled, “You'll be fine.”
Tresline looked at Krevio eye to eye, at the copious assurance of his expression and knew exactly where she wanted to spend the rest of the evening. “All right,” she said, “I'll come.”

*

Narumie perused the array of produce lining the vendor's stall. She paid for one of the items and took a fruit into hand. She then began walking through Lupinolum. She felt she had recovered well from the episode with Krevio, Sedanto and Tresline, and while not favorably overwhelmed by the outcome, she had regained some semblance of a cool outlook following the onset. But as she continued walking, she noticed some of Krevio's friends banded together by the gate, staring off at something in the distance. Gripped by curiosity, Narumie looked in the same direction, only to see the approaching figures of Krevio and Tresline headed toward Lupinolum together while appearing closer than two concomitant peas in a pod.
Narumie inhaled then exhaled. 
“I guess we'll be getting along sooner rather than later...” she said, while oddly enough moving in the other direction.
Krevio and Tresline soon reached the gate of Lupinolum, where several familiar hunters were present. The two spent some time making introductions and talking about a host of topics while dealing with the friendly banter of Krevio's colleagues. Krevio and Tresline soon broke from the conversation to have a more secluded interaction.
They soon arrived at Krevio's abode and made themselves comfortable.
“What a day this has been?” said Krevio. “It's almost too much excitement for one day.” He then planted an affectionate kiss onto Tresline's cheek. “Almost.”
“Perhaps we should invite Sedanto to one of our picnics,” said Tresline puckishly.
Krevio looked at her incredulously, “Don't even joke about that.” He then regained his composure soon thereafter. “But really though, him showing up was rather surprising. This afternoon could have easily gone much, much worse.”
Tresline's shoulders seemed to shrug, “Which is why I don't think I should be frequenting Lupinolum.”
“What? Why would you say that?”
“Isn't it obvious? You have enough contention with Saberel as it is. You and I have clashed horns with Sedanto not once but twice already! By no long stretch of the imagination can it be hard believe it might happen again.”
“Tresline, Lupinolum and Saberel clash horns all the time. And as that relates to you and me, its nothing that a bit of circumspection won't remedy. Frankly, I'm more worried about Narumie and Sedanto...”
Tresline paused. “I guess so...” she said softly. “Just... Just promise me you won't take any unnecessary risks.”
“Only if you promise to have many more days like we've had the past week.”
Tresline smiled, “You know, that promise will be a lot easier to keep than yours.”
“I suppose only time will tell. But while you're in Lupinolum, just remember this one thing...” On that note, Krevio drew closer and began kissing Tresline, softly so as to make sure that the unspoken words flowed directly from his tongue to hers amid the embrace. 
Slowly the kiss ended and Tresline licked her lips. She could feel her breath quickening as she watched Krevio remove his shirt.
She looked at him intently, her smile as easy as an unfolding flower, “...Sounds like a promise.”


THE END

STORY 5: 'Wile-Wind: The Wayfarer'


A Wholly Fictional Work Of Fantasy And Should Be Treated As Such

Chapter 1 — Distant Zephyrs

Clear skies and a brisk breeze suffused the landscape of the bustling city of Neufrit.
Kajray moved forward through the myriad passers-by with a well-paced stride and a well-faring mien. Around him, the city's inhabitants moved and flowed to and fro with much arterial liveliness as they conducted their usual affairs. Kajray looked about himself. It had only been two day's since last he was here. Glancing down, he eyed the parcel in hand with its unkempt wrapping paper and the slight magical scent of the assortment of silver butterfly wings, still very much fresh and magically imbued as were all the creatures of Opal Flower Meadow.
Soon Kajray saw his destination coming into view. Arriving just outside, he pushed the door open and a bell sounded. A friendly face turned to greet him and Kajray approached the other man.
“Good to see you again, Raiken.” 
The other man smiled and beamed, “I imagine the pleasure is mine; nonetheless, I am happy to see you too.” Raiken paused momentarily to eye the item in Kajray's possession. “It that the...?”
“Yes,” answered Kajray, “the item from Wevrune Town.”
“Let's have a look.”
Kajray handed the parcel to Raiken, who immediately proceeded to remove the packaging. Stripped of the packaging only a lone jar remained. Within the small jar were luminous butterfly wings about three inches long and that were giving off little sparkles analogous to pixie dust. Kajray watched as Raiken remained spellbound by the silver butterfly wings.
“Judging by your expression, I'm guessing those are the correct specimen.”
Raiken finally took his eyes off the jar, “Yes, Yes. No doubt about it. I suppose the enchantment surge near the meadow was veritably vast.”
“Hmm. I'm surprised you didn't want any of the native orchids,” said Kajray.
“The orchids don't have wings, Kajray, and are an easier find. But these,” said Raiken, holding up the jar, “these will do quite nicely for now. Didn't you say Viona is fond of silver butterflies? Maybe I should let you bring her one from the jar.”
Kajray eyed the jar's luminous contents, which while a sight to behold, did not seem to command the full allure of a living, breathing silver butterfly, nor the 'cuteness' as Viona had referred to it as.
Kajray simpered, “It would be just as fair that you hold onto the contents. But your heart is noted and I'll give her your regards.”
“Oh...” said Raiken, “Um, please do. But still, Kajray, I'm a bit surprised you've returned from Wevrune already. It's suppose to be a two day journey just to get there. When I saw you come in I thought perhaps you had visited Quilconor instead. Rather expeditious of you, really. Might come in handy to know, but which route did you take?”
Kajray furtively adjusted the button of his shirt, “Um. I'd... rather we not go over that right now. But while we're on the topic of Quilconor, did you by chance get any information on the query I asked about?”
The atmosphere in the room seemed to change alongside Kajray's voice.
Raiken paused a moment. “You know,” he began, “as a matter of fact, I did. Admittedly, I was originally surprised by the solemnity of the inquiry. But even so, I'll tell you what I know. Of the two persons you're looking for, I've only gained proper details on the one called Fef-Lem. He has been sighted frequently in Quilconor but even more so at Plev Harbor. I've been told he's gotten his hands on some rather rare magi-material, and I'm not just talking about silver butterfly wings either. Seems he's banding together with some of the Plev Harbor scouts.”
“What about the other query?”
“You mean Zoj? That one's a mystery. Too many rumors to pin the truth to that one. Sorry I can't be of more help.”
“You've helped plenty,” answered Kajray.
“I can't say I know what this is about but I imagine you'll be off to find Fef-Lem soon.”
“Yes. I really must be going. But thank you, Raiken.”
“Many thanks to you too, friend. I wish you all the luck you can find. Just let me rest this jar here for a moment and...”
Raiken momentarily turned to put away the jar of magical butterfly wings. He had only diverted his attention for all of five seconds, but when he turned back around Kajray was nowhere in sight. He perused the room a moment in befuddlement.
“How strange...” said Raiken slowly, “I didn't even hear the bell ring.”

*

The setting of the sun seemed an hour and a half away.
The door of one of the houses of the town of Gesrel opened and a woman emerged and took a few steps outside. After closing the door of the house, she began making her way through the streets, and not long after she was by the greensward. With notable circumspection she scanned her environment, ensuring the passers-by were few and far between. The woman then made her way along a narrow pathway that led to a hidden but vibrant garden that possessed a single bench. 
The woman approached and took a seat. She paused a moment to take in the sight of the garden, then inhaled to sample the air. After exhaling, she reached into her pocket and took out a lone pebble, one that resembled a lapis lazuli. The woman held the stone between her thumb and index finger and slowly rubbed the stone.
And as if she had rubbed a magical lamp, someone suddenly appeared in front of her in the blink of an eye.
Kajray smiled in greeting. “Hope I haven't kept you waiting,” he said.
The woman smiled back, “You could have gotten here a second or two sooner but I won't hold it against you.”
Kajray laughed a moment and subsequently returned his attention back to the woman, “It's good to see you, Viona.”
“Not that we've been apart for that long but I'd be remiss if I didn't admit how happy I am to see you.”
“Are you ready to go?”
Viona stood to her feet, “Yes, I think so.” Thereafter she began moving toward Kajray but stopped half way. “Just a moment, please.” She then took the pretty stone she had been holding and placed it beneath the bench of the garden. She then returned her attention back to Kajray. “Wouldn't want to leave the easy way and have to come back the hard way, now would we?”
Following this, she watched as Kajray extended his arm and she slowly arched her own arm around his.
Kajray and Viona looked at each other momentarily. Suddenly Viona nodded at Kajray.
Kajray reached into his pocket and took out a stone similar to the one Viona hid beneath the bench but of a different hue and dimensions. “All right,” he said, “let's get a move on.”
Suddenly the couple disappeared into thin air and were instantly transported to a far away place within the span of a few seconds. They were now by a river.
“So how have you been?” asked Kajray as he walked towards a boulder that lied next to a large tree.
“Mostly good,” she replied as she watched Kajray remove a familiar looking stone from beneath the boulder and moved back beside her with the stone in hand. “Things have been a bit busy in part due to the refurbishing.”
“I see,” answered Kajray as the two walked leisurely along the riverbank. “I guess we've both been a bit busy this week.”
Viona giggled, “And yet when you're here it feels like no time has passed.”
The two walked and talked for a good while longer until suddenly Kajray came to a halt.
“Here should be fine,” he said.
Viona watched as Kajray took the shiny stone that had been ensconced beneath the first boulder and planted it beneath a completely different boulder ways away from the first.
Kajray then turned to Viona and offered her his arm again. She took it. And soon the two were teleported once again to a different location. The ritual of their conversation and laughter continued with each location they teleported to: first finding the hidden stone similar to the one Kajray carried and then planting it elsewhere after a ten minute walk.
Soon they were at a ledge overlooking the sea. Viona was sitting on a rock and Kajray was sailing ordinary stones far out into the sea.
“You know,” began Viona, “as much as I enjoy our weekly walking tour, don't you think we should travel normally once in awhile? I mean, I understand the logic of timeliness and all, but still.”
Kajray smirked, “Would you prefer horseback riding?”
“I don't know, but it might be fun every now and then.”
Viona paused a moment. For a second she thought she saw Kajray hold up one of the magical green stones they had been collecting from location to location. But when Kajray tossed the stone into the sea, she figured right away that it must have been a different stone.
“By the way,” said Kajray, “Raiken said to tell you hello.”
“You spoke to Raiken? But that would mean...”
“Yes, I've somewhat located one of them.”
“One of the persons who has Indley's other two relics...” Viona had said this with a downward gaze and careworn expression. “You're going to give chase... aren't you...?”
“I promised Indley I would.”
“But the danger...!”
“... is to be expected,” supplied Kajray quite obdurately. 
A pause ensued.
“I guess your mind's made up...”
Viona had been staring at the ground when Kajray's hand extended before her. She looked up momentarily, inhaled and then took his hand. And once again they were teleported to another location. They were at a beach now.
“Seems we made it in time,” said Viona, looking off at the distant sunset.
“Your favorite spot,” replied Kajray as if in response to some unasked question.
The two nestled themselves along the shores of the beach, watching the glow of the evanescent sunset.
Viona exhaled, “Must you really oblige Indley's entreat on that particular matter?”
“It is a decision I am apt to complete just as the sunset is apt to us being here,” replied Kajray, who then tilted his head and kissed Viona while making her to lie down. They could hear the waves cascading along the shore.
A moment passed.
“Fine,” said Viona thereafter in soft surrender, “have it your way.”

***

Chapter 2 — Headwind Calm

Kajray walked through the streets of Quilconor. Above and connecting the edifices, arched rainbow-like fountains could be seen transporting enchanted water through the air, a staple feature of this city. Kajray examined the crowds of people, looking to see if anyone fitted the description of the man he was looking for. Indeed, he hadn't had much luck in locating Fef-Lem so far, and he was beginning to wonder if his own identity would not soon be discerned as well.
For the second time since he paused to scan the scores of moving bodies, a random person had come up to him to make an inquiry.
“May I help you with something?” asked Kajray.
“Sorry,” said the woman, “I didn't mean to stare. It's just that your face is strange and familiar at the same time. Have I... seen you somewhere before?”
Kajray scratched his neck, “I would believe it possible, but I am fairly certain that this is the first time we've met.”
“ Oh...” The woman looked at Kajray intently, her eyes stirring as if trying to recall something. “How odd... I felt certain we had met before now. I suppose I might have been mistaken.” She paused a moment. “Sorry to have bothered you. Please excuse me.”
Kajray watched the woman walk away. He exhaled slowly. He knew in all likelihood that the woman had not been mistaken. With the instantaneous nature of his travel method, he had frequented Plev Harbor, Quilconor, and six or seven other geological locations, enough so that it might have seemed as if he resided at each. Indeed, it would become difficult to complete the search for Fef-Lem if he himself failed to remain unobtrusive. 
Suddenly Kajray saw someone run past him with a crate of sorts and then heard someone shouting about a 'thief' while moving through the streets. Kajray looked again at the person running with the box who was receding into the distance. The person chasing had finally reached next to Kajray but stopped running.
“Did that puck purloin your particulars?” asked Kajray.
“Yes,” answered the other man, “a shipment of mystic elixirs and vials of goblin's bane.”
Kajray made a whistling sound, “Quite the commodity.”
“Very much so,” said the man, catching his breath. “What horrid luck. I'd be happy if I could recover even one of the elixirs,” said the man, sounding rather downhearted.
Kajray sensed the man's dismay. He paused to assess the situation. He looked in the direction the thief had run and realized he was heading in the same direction in which one of his magical stones was hidden. He was not worried about the lapis lazuli-like gem being found, but he could not help but notice the serendipitous nature of the thief's escape route. Kajray decided he would lend his aid.
“Is there someone surfing that arched fountain?” he asked, pointing in the opposite direction.
The other man turned to look where Kajray had pointed, “No. I don't quite see what it is you're talking about.” The man subsequently turned to return his attention back to Kajray, but when he did Kajray was nowhere in sight, and he felt only a slight zephyr emanate from where Kajray had been standing.
Meanwhile, farther along the path, the man running with the box of vials was beginning to slow his pace. It seemed certain that he had secured the container, for not another person could be seen ahead nor behind. But not a minute later, the runner made a sudden stop. A man had suddenly appeared out of thin air and barred further passage. The thief was thoroughly confused, for he was certain he hadn't blinked. He quickly steadied himself that the container he carried would not sustain any damage but still fell down and backwards.
“Hand over the swag,” said Kajray.
“Get your own,” said the man. “I stole it fair and square.”
Suddenly Kajray vanished right before the kleptomaniac's eyes, causing the thief to exhale in relief. But suddenly he heard a voice whisper from behind him, “I said 'hand over the swag'.”
So bewildered was the puck that he promptly grounded the gamut of potions and tried to put a few meters space between himself and Kajray. 
“By the spirits! Are you some kind of nether plane phantom?!” The young man's astonishment was evident but Kajray payed no head to the stupefied expression. Suddenly the young man noticed someone approaching from the distance by way of low hovering cloud, “This must be a sign. Take the potions. I wash my hands of it.” 
And with that he got to his feet and began bolting down the street, foregoing any inclination to take the elixirs and vials with him.
Kajray watched the thief flee. Thereafter, he took a peek inside the container, and sure enough the elixirs and vials were intact and accounted for. Kajray's eyes then wondered to the side, to a spot about nine meters away and off the road. He paused momentarily and then returned his attention to the items in hand.
“Wait!” said a strange voice from not too far away. “And don't vanish.”
Kajray was surprised by the words. But soon the other person came into view, a man wearing a somber close-fitting hat who had just hopped off a magical cloud, which vanished once his feet touched the ground.
“Good day,” said Kajray affably.
“The same to you,” the man replied. “My name is Vyke, a citizen's aid. Are those the stolen potions I've been hearing about?”
“They are. I only just recovered them. Rest assured, I intend to return them.”
“Ah, I see. I had a feeling.” The man paused. “Are you by chance the man they call Wile-Wind?” 
Kajray's eyes widened, “On what account do you inquire?”
“I've heard the rumors of your intermittent travels and just now I witnessed you recover those items. The owner of the items will be very happy for the assistance. More on topic, there aren't many other users of teleportation magic that match your description, I'll say. And you don't look anything like the other infamous extra-magical user in the vicinity.”
“Other extra-magical user?” repeated Kajray.
“Yes. Only one other person lately has been using that level of magic so openly.” The man eyed the glittering stone peeping from Kajray's shirt.
“Tell me,” said Kajray, “does the other go by the name of Fef-Lem?”
“That he does.”
“And you know where to locate him?”
“I believe I do.”
Kajray paused a moment, “Kind stranger, if you were to enlighten me of his whereabouts, I would be in your debt.”
The other man looked at Kajray, noting the determined expression on his face. 
“Very well,” said the other man, “I'll tell you.”

*

Viona opened the front door of the house and made her way inside. After closing the door she slowly made her way through the living room and to the kitchen. She paused a moment and then took out the shiny gem-like stone she usually carried with her. She rubbed the stone about four or five times and waited a while. 
Suddenly Kajray appeared within the room by his usual unceremonious method.
“I wasn't sure you'd appear this time either,” said Viona. “Where were you today?”
“Had some following up to do,” replied Kajray, planting a kiss on Viona's cheek as he watched her reach for cooking utensils and begin slicing vegetables. “I found out where Fef-Lem is...”
“I see...” said Viona as she washed and sliced more of the vegetables.
“I'm heading to Feranor after this. I may be gone for up to a week...”
In hearing this, Viona stopped slicing the vegetables. She then slowly turned to regard Kajray with melancholic eyes, “You... won't let anything bad happen... right?”
Kajray understood her concern. He took two steps towards Viona and made her to open her palm. He examined the bright stone in her hand, and curled her fingers shut over it. He then covered her hands with his.
“As long as you have this,” he said, “I won't be far away.”

***

Chapter 3 — Primary Tempest

Four days later, Kajray sat up in his room at one of the local inns of Feranor City. He took the time to account for his belongings as he stretched his limbs. He soon reached into his pocket and took something out: a sparkling violet-colored stone connected to a chain; an item he carried absolutely everywhere. Kajray slowly fastened the adornment around his neck, and then did the top buttons of his shirt. Looking to the side of the room, he saw his sword leaning against the wall. He briskly moved forward and seized the weapon. Securing it to his body, he then turned to re-examine the rest of the room. With everything in order, Kajray inhaled, then exhaled, and following those actions he vanished from the room.
The sun was shining brightly in the sky. And every now and again the sky darkened and large and subtle shadows formed along the ground just outside of Feranor.
Three travelers were making their way toward the distant city. Two of these men wore similar clothing, as though the attire was a customary uniform of an ilk. The third member was otherwise clad in sleeveless leather vestments and a few sightly adornments but wore an expression that seemed more implacable than the two units at his side. Nonetheless, the three moved with staunched steps toward their destination.
Suddenly, the three noticed that quite some distance away, someone was standing in the middle of the road: a man standing with his arms folded and a sword on his back. The three travelers seemed puzzled, and momentarily muttered to themselves that the man must have been a hunter on the look out for Fern Weasels, an animal whose skin sprouted stems and healing leaves and that was primarily found in these parts.
It came as a surprise when the man in the road turned to address the three travelers with an air of expectancy.
“Thank you for not keeping me waiting,” said Kajray.
The three travelers looked at each other in confusion. And the member in alternate attire spoke.
“I would say you're welcome, but I don't have the slightest recollection of any affairs set for this  particular place and time. Yet you speak as though the foregoing is true.”
“You are Fef-Lem the Echophage, are you not?”
The other man laughed, “It seems you really haven't come here to hunt magical ferns. But before I answer your question, might I ask who you are?” He watched as Kajray slowly reached into his own shirt and revealed the violet-colored stone he carried. It shone with a certain mesmeric quality. The man's eyes dilated. “That thing... Is it a Spellactite?”
Suddenly Kajray disappeared from sight and his voice caused the three travelers to turn and look behind them, where sure enough, Kajray was now standing.
“Yes,” said Kajray, “a Spellactite.”
“The speed of those movements... And the lack of an incantation... I see. You are the rumored Wile-Wind.” When Kajray neither flinched nor answered, he knew it was so. A moment passed. “Yes,” said the man finally, as he too revealed a gem that possessed mystical properties, “I am Fef-Lem.”
“It is good to finally meet you,” said Kajray.
“Hmm. Finally, you say? Might I ask why you are here?”
“The Spellactite you carry is my reason.”
“My Spellactite?” said Fef-Lem with a laugh. “I thought for certain your motive would be tantamount to something more substantive than the theft of a trinket.”
“Why do you suddenly relegate the Spellactite to the grade of a mere trinket? If it is truly as you say 'a trinket,' rest it onto the ground and be on your way.”
Fef-Lem paused. “No,” he said, “after you.”
Kajray watched as the travelers drew their weapons. He too lay hand to his blade.
“It seems we are of similar goals but different minds, necessitating the reinforcement of both our codes. But before we begin, might I ask you something?”
“Ask.”
“Do you know Zoj of the Steel Stance?”
“What about him?” asked Fef-Lem.
“Where might I locate his Spellactite?”
Fef-Lem's eyes widened, “You're not mincing words. And yet I find your locution annoyingly uncanny. I have no intention of betraying Zoj, and it is clear that the Spellactite you carry is ill-suited to you. But in spite of all that, the answer to your question may very well lie at the end of this battle.”
With that, Fef-Lem commanded the two silent units to initiate retrieval of the Kajray's Spellactite.
Kajray teleported a few feet backward and examined his surroundings. With three opponents, the efficacy of his Spellactite's usage and his focus may have be tempered.
Forward came Fef-Lem's two units, with swords whose blades were coated in fiery magic. The two attacked Kajray, forcing him to defend himself as Fef-Lem observed his opponent's movements. Kajray used his own sword to repel the concord of the flaming offensive. Perhaps once or twice amid the skirmish, one of the heated blades managed a light cut of his attire, but he managed to avoid any true discernible harm to his person.
The minutes passed as Kajray fended off the two attackers. By now he realized it was Fef-Lem's full expectation that he, Kajray, would tire himself before Fef-Lem made use of his own Spellactite. And so, Kajray broke from the ensuing clash and teleported a few feet away from the twin offensive. Thereafter, he began rushing toward Fef-Lem, who readied his sword. As Kajray drew ever so close, Fef-Lem performed a downward cleave. Perforce, Kajray had to either back away or circle his opponent's blade. He enacted the second option and moved to the side of Fef-Lem, managing to use his hand to touch Fef-Lem's attire.
The next instance came as a surprise to Fef-Lem. One second he was batting it out in the presence of the other three combatants along the Feranor road, and in the next moment he and Kajray had been transported to the bank of a river with copious vegetation about them.
Kajray put some distance between himself and Fef-Lem, who was still trying to acclimate to the situation.
“It seems your teleportation ability can be extended to the things you touch,” said Fef-Lem. “Quite fascinating, really.”
Kajray raised his sword, “It's a useful flavor of magic, I suppose.”
“Hmm. Having that ability would make acquiring mystic elixirs and the like a great deal easier; I must inform Zoj.”
“What did you just say?”
“Nothing. I merely spoke out loud. But in any case, allow me show you what my Spellactite can do.”
Suddenly, Fef-Lem began moving forward while activating his Spellactite. And Kajray began to wonder if he himself had begun to hallucinate. He could see Fef-Lem approaching, but he also witnessed three or four ghostly wave-like figures mirroring Fef-Lem's actions like afterimages. Kajray shook off his confusion and prepared for the imminent attack. Fef-Lem swung his sword and Kajray blocked.
But something was awry. Even after Fef-Lem's sword had connected, Kajray felt and heard the sword make contact four more times in succession. So startling was the onset that the assault nearly vitiated his guard. 
Kajray teleported four meters away and to the side of Fef-Lem. “Just now... you attacked five times with one swing of your sword.”
“Yes,” said Fef-Lem while changing his stance. And as he moved his body, four ghostly replicas closely mimicked his movement but became invisible when he was not in motion. “The Spellactite I carry allows me to reinforce any action up to four more times. As you can imagine, should the sword reach or pierce you, the damage inflicted will be multiplied five folds.”
Kajray inhaled and subsequently exhaled, “I thought for certain I had gotten rid of the reinforcements. But the effect of that Spellactite really does coincide with your title of the Echophage. It has the capacity for a spectacular offensive.”
“Hmph,” said Fef-Lem, “I would welcome your assumption that it can't be used defensively.”
The two men suddenly charged at each other. Kajray handled the second collision of swords a bit differently. He set himself to transition to a new offensive when the weapons hit. And while he managed the transition, by the time he got through Fef-Lem's fourth 'echo', the actually Fef-Lem had gained a second or two worth of time to transition his offensive as well. The two continued trading attacks with Kajray using his teleporting ability more for momentary evasive retreat than for his offensive.
“Why are you just standing there?” asked Fef-Lem, pausing near the fluvial perimeter. The battle had taken them some distance away from where they had original began. And Fef-Lem noticed that Kajray seemed to be reluctant to overdo his offensive in certain instances.
Kajray extended his hand at Fef-Lem. “Come,” he gestured.
“An obvious trap,” said Fef-Lem. “But only one of us will falter.”
Suddenly Fef-Lem rushed at Kajray in a quickening dash. But his offensive was unusual. Instead of Fef-Lem being at the forefront, his ghostly afterimages attacked first and he himself ended up being the fifth attack.
Kajray managed to come out of the clash without too many abrasions.
“Not bad,” he said, wiping his lip of blood while not so easily steadying his posture. “The defensive use of your Spellactite: Using the echos as both a shield and a sword. But I noticed—”
“Enough talk,” said Fef-Lem. “Save your observations for the afterlife.”
Fef-Lem then pointed his sword at Kajray, and suddenly a ghost replica of the sword shot forward like a projectile. Kajray teleported to one side. And when myriad ghostly swords were sent streaming through the air, he teleported continually in rapid succession in order to bypass much of the deadly projectiles. Still, some such projectiles did manage to wound him. Even so, Kajray was quick to dismiss the severity of the injuries.
Suddenly Fef-Lem came charging in again, and with the reverse-echo offensive he had used before, no less. Kajray knew what this meant: The ghostly after images would propel the offensive. He readied himself. Just as the first afterimage slashed at him, Kajray teleported away. When he reappeared he was at the back of Fef-Lem, who had yet to complete his offensive. Kajray wasted no time. He administered his blade just as Fef-Lem completed his offensive at the blank space ahead.
Fef-Lem grimaced a moment and felt something pass him. He then fell to one knee, trying to catch his breath.
“How... did you circumvent that last attack?” he asked.
“I used one of the two weaknesses of your Spellactite.”
“What weaknesses?”
“The first weakness is obvious. To overcome the echo movements that follow your action, one would need to stop or injure you before you complete the original offensive. But that's not the weakness I was talking about. I noticed it the first time you used your Spellactite defensively. You and the echoes are bound together in will, meaning the actions initiated must be completed in the same way the first attack is started. When the ghostly afterimages are made to attack first, you, the actual Spellactite user become the echo, meaning there's a one or two second cool down period before the afterimages count as the echo and you as the willful Spellactite user again.”
“Rather fastidious of you,” said Fef-Lem with a bloody cough. “You utilized the two seconds when I had little to no control over my actions.”
“Thereabout.”
Fef-Lem rose to his feet, “Wile-Wind indeed. It is not a mistake I'll make again.” Fef-Lem raised his sword.
“Drop your weapon,” said Kajray.
“Why should I?”
Kajray slowly held up his hand and revealed Fef-Lem's Spellactite, “The fight is over.”
“When did you—” Fef-Lem paused a moment in bewilderment. And then shortly after he slowly relaxed his shoulders. “I see...”
The two stood in place for a while, with neither one speaking nor moving. Until finally, Fef-Lem let go of the the hilt of his sword, which fell to the ground with a reverberation that signaled the fight's conclusion.

***

Chapter 4 — Eye Of The Stone

It was the dawn of night.
With heavy steps, Kajray shambled toward Neufrit. His breathing was heavy and blood trickled from all the wounds he had accumulated in the battle with Fef-Lem. Prior to teleporting outside of Neufrit, Kajray had transported Fef-Lem back to the outskirts of Feranor, and had been surprised to find that Fef-Lem's two traveling companions had remained in the vicinity. Kajray did not stay to witness the reunion. He felt certain Fef-Lem wound not succumb to his injuries, which left only one other concern.
Haggard and with strength fading, Kajray made his way to a particular dwelling. He knocked heavily onto the door, and as he heard the residents approaching, he fell to the ground.
Suddenly the door opened, and a bewildered, elderly couple appeared. So shocked were they by the unsightly image that it took them a moment to recognize that the injured figure was Kajray.
“Quickly,” said the elderly man, “help me get him inside.”
With that the two residents of the dwelling began pulling Kajray into the house.
Kajray soon fell into a deep sleep for approximately one hour. When he awoke, he saw only the elderly man sitting next to his bed. Kajray sat up, and as he did, he noticed that his wounds, serious and otherwise, were mostly remedied. Kajray stretched his arms.
“I suppose I was right to come here instead of going to an ordinary heal mage,” he said. “Your healing technique is still prodigiously effective, Indley.”
The elderly man laughed, “To be honest, I am a little surprised you didn't ask Viona to patch you up.”.
“The minutes were of the essence,” replied Kajray. “If she had seen me and repined for all of  five minutes, it might have brought us both grief. That aside, it is good to see you, Indley.”
“It is good to see you too, old friend. I can't say I'm pleased with the condition with which you arrived, though. Might I ask what has transpired in the past few hours?”
Kajray began rummaging through his pocket. “I managed to recover one of your stolen Spellactites.” He then revealed the item he had retrieved from Fef-Lem and handed it to Indley.
Indley accepted the item, “Well this certainly answers a few questions. And undoubtedly you have my thanks for your benevolence.”
“I may need a few more days to secure the remaining Spellactite.”
“While I'm happy you accepted the request and that it is now half completed, the other Spellactite must not precede your health.”
“Thanks for the concern. But after these past few hours, I'm a bit worried about the Spellactite Zoj carries. I'm beginning to understand how it is that you spearheaded the 'Battle of Crimson Lotus' so easily.”
Indley laughed, “I don't deny that those three Spellactites aided considerably, but admittedly there were tougher battles. I'm retired now. And besides, you were there yourself.”
“I was only a fledgling back then...”
“And yet you stood by the magical vanguard during the bloody ordeal. Two months ago when Fef-Lem and Zoj stole the Spellactites, I felt it was a matter I could trust you with.”
“I was glad the topic came up. I would have been disheartened had you yourself been forced to search high and low for the missing Spellactites as my venerable friend. I am just glad I was able to recover the first one. But if Zoj has better mastery of his than Fef-Lem did, we may very well end up back at square one with two missing Spellactites. But you know, you never actually told me how you ended up in possession of the Spellactites in the first place.”
“Hmm. I see we've yet to have a talk about the recondite Ethermil Cave. But that's a long story. For now I think you should rest. I'll have my wife bring you something to eat.” Indley paused a moment. “Really though, Kajray... I appreciate the assistance. But for now, don't worry about the missing Spellactite.”
Indley rose to his feet and exited the room.
Kajray subsequently lied supine in the bed and slowly closed his eyes for a moment. And before he knew it he fell into a deep sleep.

*

Meanwhile at Plev Harbor, the man called Zoj sits at a table partaking of a hearty meal. He wore a laid-back expression on his face and a familiarly resplendent gemstone around his neck. Suddenly he heard a knock on the door from the adjacent room. He told the person to enter, and soon another person walked into the room. Zoj gestured to the man to have a seat and when the man did, a long silent pause ensued.
“Well?” said Zoj.
The other man exhaled, “I regret to inform you that we've encountered a bit of a snag.”
Zoj momentarily paused and put down the cutlery, “What kind of snag?”
“It's Fef-Lem. He's... in the infirmary.”
“What? How?”
“He returned from a bitter battle earlier with a rather nasty wound. Not a superficial wound, but he'll live.”
“Weren't his cohorts with him? Why didn't they intervene sooner?” asked Zoj.
“There was a... complication. The enemy, it seems, possessed a Spellactite.”
“I see. I suppose that particular nugget was hard to ignore. But to believe Fef-Lem would lose in battle...”
“Um... there's... one other detail of note following the outcome of the battle. It seems the other Spellactite user... seized Fef-Lem's Spellactite in the fight's aftermath.”
Zoj suddenly grew very stern and balled up his fists. He then slammed his fist into a nearby wall and pulverized the bricks of the stone column with his touch. 
Zoj calmed himself, “Do we at least have any information on the other Spellactite user?”
There was a pause.
“Yes,” said the other man finally, “Yes, we do.”

***

Chapter 5 — Dual Squall

Days later, Kajray was in good health and out and about again. Despite Indley's counsel, Kajray had departed with the intention of securing the second stolen Spellactite, believing he was up to the task. Consequently, there was someone in Quilconor he wanted to see and so he quickly made his way there.
Kajray moved through the streets of Quilconor while attempting to remain inconspicuous. But it was hard for him to ignore just how many locked eyes with him. Suddenly he felt someone pull him to one side. It was Vyke.
“Just the person I was looking for,” said Kajray.
“I'm not quite sure why you've returned to Quilconor on this occasion,” said Vyke, “but you'd best watch your back as well as your steps, Wild-Wind.”
Kajray seemed confused, “Have I done something to warrant you as an enemy?”
“No, I am not your concern. But a man named Zoj is seeking you out.”
Kajray's eyes dilated, “Truly?”
“Yes. In this town and a few others I've confirmed, the inquiry is being made. It seems this man, Zoj, requests your presence.”
“Hmm. Then my reason for being here is somewhat substantiated. Did they specify a location?”
“The greensward of Plev Harbor in two days.”
“I see. Once again you have my thanks.”
“Be that as it may, Zoj's ploy reeks of treachery. I am not of the mind that I can dissuade you, but I hope you will you not make yourself easy prey.”
“You misunderstand,” replied Kajray. “I am the hunter.”
And with that, by spontaneous mode, he departed thither, preceding a light breeze.

*

Two days later, Kajray approached the greensward of Plev Harbor armed with only his sword and Spellactite. The trees about seemed to rustle with suspect quiet. He passed not another soul until he arrived at his destination. Thereupon he encountered only two individuals: a man standing poised with his broadsword etched into the ground, at the end of the greensward; and an observer of sorts dressed in the same attire as those that had accompanied Fef-Lem, standing to the central side. Kajray paused a moment, ensuring that both individuals remained in his forward focus and peripheral view at all times.
“You've arrived,” said the man directly across from Kajray.
“Zoj, I presume.”
“Indeed I am.”
“Quite forthcoming of you. I thought for sure this would be a trap.”
“Wherein could a snare suffice when you've been painstaking roving the area with inspection for the past forty eight hours?” asked Zoj. He subsequently paused. “I know why you've come.” He held up the magical artifact that he possessed. “You possess a Spellactite as well, don't you?” He watched as Kajray revealed the lambent item. “Fef-Lem relayed as much... If its effects are to be believed, I suspect we won't be at this location for long. Admittedly, you've caused quite a bit of trouble.”
“Trouble?” repeated Kajray.
“I didn't think Fef-Lem would fall for your wiles, much less lose his own Spellactite in the process. I even heard that you intercepted one of our 'path potions'.”
“If by 'path potions' you're referring to a certain cache of mystic elixirs and goblin's bane, I can't say I saw this particular implication. The lot belonged to another of Quilconor; I mere helped secure his claim to what was his.”
“I see. Then would you be so kind as to return Fef-Lem's Spellactite to its rightful owner?”
“What do you think I've been trying to do up until now?”
“And just what is that supposed to mean?” asked Zoj.
“I would think it means there's only one way to decide who gets to keep the Spellactites.” Kajray readied his sword.
“Good. It seems we agree on something.”
Zoj readied his weapon and a moment later Kajray came charging forward. Kajray performed a diagonal slash but Zoj was quick to block it. Kajray paused a moment, sensing something was off. He rushed forward again and attempted another attack, but trying to circumvent Zoj's guard seemed somewhat insuperable. His feet and posture had not changed in the slightest since the battle began.
“Your speed isn't availing you, is it?” asked Zoj.
“I admit: I'm at a loss for your defense,” replied Kajray.
Zoj held up the magical stone he carried, “A facet of my Spellactite. It amplifies my physical defense a great deal. It also reinforces any metallic weapon I wield.”
“Hence: Zoj of the Steel Stance...”
“Precisely.”
“Allow me to test that premise,” said Kajray.
Kajray sailed forward once more, swinging his sword like a bladed storm. Indeed, the difference in speed was apparent. But Zoj remained largely unmoved. Unlike normal opponents, his Steel Stance was not subject to flinching, and so, much of Kajray's assault was deflected by Zoj's blade as though it had struck a giant boulder. 
Kajray soon learned more things pertaining to Zoj's Spellactite when Zoj performed a heavy swing of his sword. Kajray certainly parried it, but the force of the attack was so great that it knocked him away and onto the ground. Kajray quickly rose to his feet.
“You're strong,” said Kajray.
“If my Spellactite bolsters the strength, weight and durability of my weapon, naturally it must provide its wielder with the superhuman strength needed to keep up with those factors.”
“So it seems...”
“Forgive my rudeness, but are you really the man they call Wile-Wind?”
Kajray furrowed his brows, “Why do you ask?”
“Since we've began, you haven't used the effect of your Spellactite even once.”
“True, but I have my reasons,” replied Kajray.
“I see. But whether you do so because of some limiting factor or because you're gauging your opponent, I'd advise you to take this battle a bit more seriously.”
“It should be apparent from the get go that I'm serious, else I would not have come. Sure, the nature of your Spellactite would indicate that there is no facade to your external defense. But contrariwise, I harbor no surface level stratagem.”
“How wily of you.”
There was a pause.
Suddenly Kajray sped forth a moment, raising his sword for a downward slash. And as Zoj raised his sword overhead to block, Kajray changed the downward slash into a fast horizontal one.
Kajray's eyes widened.
Zoj had blocked the attack, not with his sword but with the elbow of his other arm. Kajray back away, puzzled. With the speed of that last attack the incision should have been much deeper, yet the bleeding wound seemed surprising shallow.
“I believe I mentioned before that my Spellactite reinforces my physical defense as well.”
“Yes,” replied Kajray with a sanguine mien, “I'll have to get past it.”
Kajray held his sword and moved swiftly forward with the intention to pierce instead of slash. Zoj watched him approached and readied himself. Forward went Kajray's sword and Zoj initiated a side-step. The sword missed by a few inches.
“You've been caught,” said Zoj, having grabbed Kajray's arm while the sword was passing. Kajray frantically struggled to free himself of the encumbrance, but Zoj's hand held fast like a stone or steel manacle. “And it seems an opportunity has presented itself.”
The words sounded suspect. Kajray began looking around. He could see the only other person in the vicinity, Zoj's additional unit, getting into position with a poison dart. Kajray's eyes dilated. Soon, the poison dart came speeding forward and Kajray had no recourse but to teleport himself and Zoj away, and cede the current location. A hidden grove near Neufrit became the current battlefield.
Zoj seemed slightly surprised by the change in scenery, but held fast to Kajray's arm.
“Thank you for that confirmation,” he said. “And thank you in advance for the Spellactite.”
Kajray's eyes dilated once more. Zoj had just pulled back his sword arm in preparation of an attack that could not possibly miss. Kajray quickly teleported the two of them elsewhere. But the destination was not fixed. He teleported the both of them to eight different locations a total of fourteen times in about ten seconds, remaining airborne the entire time. When the manifold sequence ended, the two were somewhere outside of Feranor.
Kajray looked down at his arm in bewilderment for Zoj's iron grip held fast, unshaken by the vagary.
“Did you really think I'd let you go because of a silly teleportation gimmick?” asked Zoj. And with those words he pulled his arm back, once again getting ready to deliver the killing blow.
All at once, Kajray held his breath and teleported the two away once more. But to Zoj's surprise the new location was not what he was expecting.
They were under water now. It took Zoj a moment to comprehend the situation but he quickly held his breath to prevent himself from drowning or losing more oxygen. The unforeseen destination was a rather unsettling onset. Judging by the little flicker of light, Zoj deduced that he and Kajray were at the bottom of the sea. Had Kajray really teleported them here hoping Zoj would lose his breath as well as the fight? It appeared so. But Zoj took solace in the fact that he still held onto Kajray's arm in the underwater struggle. He surmised that should Kajray teleport again, it would mean they would both be saved. This thought in mind and oxygen dwindling, Zoj squeezed Kajray's arm and Kajray howled underwater. Bubbles from his lungs escaped his mouth.
Running out of breathable air, Kajray teleported from beneath the sea, taking Zoj with him.

***

Chapter 6 — Final Tempest

Both men found themselves on the surface again and on distant sandy shores. The two combatants gasped for air while spitting up sea water. During this onset Zoj had let go Kajray's arm to attend to his own health.
The two men remained wordless for a time, each trying to regain composure.
“I didn't quite anticipate that you would use a gambit like that to try and kill me,” said Zoj. “If I had to guess, I'd say that it was meant to be a last resort. And yet it failed.”
Kajray massaged his injured sword hand, “I'd say it worked out fine. Though your tenacity is commendable.”
“But I wonder...” said Zoj. “Why did you take so long to use the effect of your Spellactite? With an ability like that the initial quandary could have been avoided. There must be some sort of a defect to your Spellactite.”
“In truth, there is one gripe. But I suppose there's no point in hiding it now.” Kajray revealed the violet gemstone. “This is my core Spellactite, but it has ten other parts to it. Using this specific piece, I can teleport to any of the other ten stones instantaneous.”
“I'm guessing there's a catch...”
“Yes. I can only teleport within ten meters of any of the other auxiliary pieces. So I've planted each of the ten additional stones near and far in rather particular locations that only I can find.”
“But if that's true,” began Zoj, “in order for your underwater strategy to work, you would have had to plant one of those stones at the bottom of the seafloor...” He then paused. “I see.”
Kajray began readying his sword, “The battlefield might have changed but the battle is still on.”
“Indeed,” said Zoj. “I imagine that you have one of your Spellactite complements hidden somewhere in the vicinity.”
As if in answer, Kajray teleported near Zoj and completed an unceremonious offensive: a non-lethal but on-point attack. Zoj stepped back a moment. He saw that Kajray was preparing another advance. 
Zoj moved a considerable distance backwards, “You mentioned that your Spellactite has an effective range of ten meters. No doubt the advantage would be yours within that span.”
“So you moved out of the effective perimeter... I suppose that might seem an applicable solution.”
“I must say: you've been rather modest about that Spellactite's effect.”
“Hmm. I'm curious to know,” said Kajray. “What would you do if you had access to all three of the Spellactites?”
Zoj laughed, “Have you ever heard of the 'Battle of Crimson Lotus'?”
“I have,” answered Kajray evenly.
“Then you know of the Great Mage Indley, who originally possessed these stones. Those who have witnessed that battle have spoken of the awe of the united treble of the Spellactites. Indley certainly commanded the tide of that battle...”
“Are you saying that you wish to unite the Spellactites splendor to whatever effect, just as Indley did  fourteen years ago?”
“You've oversimplified it, but yes,” answered Zoj.
“I can't say I like the idea of a re-enactment of the episodes of the 'Battle of Crimson Lotus'. I would think once was enough. And I'm sure Indley would agree with me. But as it stands, Indley isn't here. So it falls to me to ensure that the Spellactites do not undo their own effect.”
Zoj raised his sword, “Then may the Spellactites shine for yore or yonder.”
The two men readied their weapons. There was still about fifteen meters of space in between, meaning Kajray could not effectively teleport across the distance. Suddenly, Kajray relaxed his stance.
Zoj was momentarily confused by the sudden casual posture, “Is... something the matter? You seem distracted.”
Kajray exhaled a moment, “Could you excuse me a moment?” 
In the next instance, Kajray vanished from the location.
Zoj stood on the empty shoreline in perplexity as the seconds went by.
Meanwhile, Kajray had appeared at a spot by a familiar river, whereupon he moved towards a familiar boulder and extracted the green gemstone that was ensconced beneath. Securing the second stone, he teleported back to Zoj's location.
Zoj wasn't sure whether to be surprised or relieved by Kajray's reappearance. But the expression on Kajray's face reminded him that the fight had not ended.
Soon Kajray began walking towards Zoj. When he teleported ten meters forward, Zoj readied his weapon. But when Kajray teleported five meters behind him, Zoj was thoroughly confused. The assault caught him off guard. He quickly swung at Kajray following the attack, but Kajray teleport to safety.
Something was off. Zoj estimated that Kajray had moved a total of twenty meters from the original location.
“Haven't figured it out yet, have you?” asked Kajray, suddenly appearing next to Zoj, and following the swift maneuvering assault, was gone again.
“You said that the Spellactite had a ten meter range of effectiveness. Clearly, you lied,” said Zoj.
“No,” replied Kajray, “I didn't.” He subsequently reached into his pocket and revealed the second stone. “What do you think the effective teleportation range would be if the designation stone and user were conflated or mobile?”
Suddenly Kajray teleported beside Zoj, who managed to block the incoming attack. A few seconds later, Kajray was transported to a different side and reconvened the offensive about every five seconds. Zoj continually had to guard but the speed of the attack supervened the defense more times than not.
“I see,” said Zoj wearily. “You can teleport anywhere within a limit of ten meters but do so repeatedly... which technically negates the ten meter limit.” He smiled cynically. “I should have seen this coming.”
“Perhaps,” said Kajray as he stood still for a moment, “but do you remember how many locations the Spellactite can teleport to within ten seconds?”
Zoj furrowed his brows, and when Kajray disappeared, his eyes widened. Suddenly Kajray began teleporting and reappearing in quick succession, delivering an on-target attack with each step. It was an attack from all sides with less than a one second interval in between. Zoj's steel stance resisted the assault but was generally overwhelmed. 
Half a minute later, Kajray stopped. He observed that Zoj, thoroughly wounded, was standing haggardly in the wake of the attack. Both were quiet. Suddenly, Zoj reached for his own Spellactite and took it into his hand. And afterward he fell backward onto the ground.
Kajray observed for a moment. Thereafter, he approached Zoj's inert figure. Checking closely, he discerned that Zoj was still breathing but unconscious. He himself exhaled. He then looked at Zoj's hand, which clutched the Spellactite. 
Kajray soon began prying Zoj's hand open. But when he managed to free the stone, Kajray fell to the sand in disbelief. It appeared Zoj had splintered the Spellactite with his grip, and all that remained were three broken shards.

*

Kajray walked somberly through the streets of Neufrit. Though he knew the way, his distracted daze saw him re-calibrating his desultory steps. Despite the nature of his ruminations, Kajray arrived at his destination and knocked on the front door. When the door opened, Indley was quick to greet Kajray.
“Nice of you to visit, again, old friend. But back again so soon?”
“Yes,” answered Kajray, “it seems my quest is finally over...”
“That's wonderful news. And you seem in good health. But why, may I ask, do you look so crestfallen?”
Kajray began reaching for a sachet from his pocket, “I managed to secure the other stolen Spellactite, but I'm unsure it will be of any use to you...” Kajray showed Indley the three fragments of Zoj's Spellactite.
“Hmm. How unfortunate. But I suppose not much can be done about it at this minute. You must be tired. Join me and my wife for some tea.”
Kajray entered the abode and he and Indley sat and spoke while they waited for the tea. Indley listened as Kajray went over what had happened in the preceding hours.
“Quite the tale,” said Indley. “Even after I explicitly told you to prioritize your safety.”
“I did what I had to do,” replied Kajray. “I'm just glad I could avail you on the matter. And yet...” Kajray eyed the three shards on the table with a sullen look.
“No,” said Indley intently, “do not imply that it was all for nothing.”
“But the Spellactite...”
Indley hushed his guest and reached for a nearby box. He then opened the box and revealed a secret jewel that Kajray was certain was a Spellactite. Kajray watched as Indley placed the new Spellactite in one hand and the three broken shards in the other. He then closed his palms and brought them together. A moment passed. When Indley finally opened his palm again, Zoj's Spellactite was as good as new.
Kajray found himself letting go a sigh of relief, “You had a fourth Spellactite tucked away in secret?”
“Yes,” said Indley. “Judging by the very Spellactite you carry, you of all people ought to know the dangers of putting all one's eggs in one basket.”
Kajray laughed, “And I suppose I understand now the secret of your terrific healing technique.”
“There are many ways to mend. But the fact that the Spellactites are magical catalysts that concentrate magical effects makes them a bit more effective in some instances than normal magical techniques. But, friend, you have done me a great service and you have all my thanks.”
“You are welcome,” said Kajray. “You now have three Spellactites in your possession again, so I believe it is time I return the fourth.” Kajray reached for the stone around his neck and began handing it to Indley.
“I couldn't possibly accept it,” said Indley.
“You loaned me the teleportation Spellactite that I might recover the other two. That task has been completed. It stands to reason that the fourth Spellactite should be returned as well.”
“I would think having access to three should suffice in my case. And I'm sure you've gotten quite accustomed to that mode of travel. Keep the Spellactite as a token of my gratitude.”
Kajray looked from Indley to the Spellactite and then back to Indley. And after a moment's thought, he forewent the abnegation of the Spellactite. “All right, I'll oblige. You have my thanks. I will take good care of it.”
“I have faith that you will. But... what will you do now, Kajray?”
“I believe I owe Viona an explanation. I was only meant to be away until yesterday. Following the recovery of the Spellactites, some the auxiliary shards of the teleportation gem have been moved or will need to be moved to remain undetectable. I'll have to travel the normal way when I seek out new places to plant the auxiliary stones.” Kajray paused a moment. “Viona did say she wanted to go horseback riding. And I suppose we're overdue for a vacation.”
Indley smiled, “I wish you well in that endeavor. Now, let us have some tea.” Indley and his wife, alongside Kajray all took to a quick morsel. “Incidentally,” said Indley, “I think now would be a good time to tell you about my first trip to the Ethermil Cave. Would you care to hear?” 
“Yes,” answered Kajray, “but perhaps tomorrow for I really must be going.” Kajray stood to his feet.
“Ah yes. I understand. Please give Viona our regards.”
“I will,” answered Kajray. “Have a good day.”
And a moment later he vanished from the room, a mysterious zephyr following his departure.


THE END


### ### ###

***

Thank you for taking the time to read this first entry of The Zesty Adventures Collection. I hope you found it both palatable and entertaining, and that it has added something to you or your day in some way. That said, if you've enjoyed Volume 1 of this collection, in all probability you will likely find the subsequent Volumes of this series satisfactory. With Volumes 2 and 3 already written and set to be released almost in tandem with this one, I can reasonably attest the aforementioned assumption given that I personally consider many of the stories to come to be as good as, if not better than, some of the ones found in this Volume. I do hope you will join me on the remaining five journeys of this adventure, and again I thank you for your patronage. 
Have a good read and a good day!

***
