The Grin of Prophecy (Book one of the Death Incarnate Saga)
Published by H. Lee Morgan at Smashwords
Copyright 2013 H. Lee Morgan

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. Thank you for downloading this free ebook. original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to Smashwords.com to discover other works by this author.
Thank you for your support.

For a map of Raliea visit my page on smashwords.com
ISBN:  9781301113736




Prologue

A servant hurriedly entered the private royal hall of his kingdom’s greatest castle and many eyes snapped in his direction as the large wooden door rebounded loudly off the white marble wall. Several jumped from being startled. The evening meal had all but been finished and conversations began to wane at the late hour. The young man then dropped to his knees after approaching only so far as he would be allowed into the room, already he saw how casually the guards placed their hands on their swords. Sweat beaded his forehead and it took a moment to catch enough breath to say “My Prince, I come bearing important news!”
Prince Tate moved around the table and sat down in the center throne and raised a hand to silence the others who had begun talking. It didn’t honestly require him to do so for the arrival of the servant aroused the other nobles curiosity. “Easy now.” The prince spoke kindly to the young man near his own age. “What is so urgent that you barge in here as you’ve done?”
“Just minutes ago I was out tending my duties alone in the gardens and there came a sudden blue light. Next thing I know the light disappeared and in its place stood a man in similar color mage robes. My Prince, he says he is the Great Prophet and sent me to ask for an urgent audience.”
Those few words silenced the hall further, but only for a minute. Many knew stories and accounts of the Great Prophet, but few had ever seen him or heard him speak. To come to Vin’re in person is a great honor to the kingdom. Still, the prince wasn’t one to take risks and allow just anybody inside the castle. The other nobles began whispering excitedly and with trepidation. Coming unannounced was highly irregular for the stories of the Prophet always spoke of how he always proclaims his intent to come so people can prepare for his arrival.
Prince Tate looked at the prostrating servant to ask and also re-silence the room “Has he said who he comes for?”
“I know not, but he did seem to be in a great hurry.”
“Then send for him, my wife and a scribe. This will be a night to remember for the Great Prophet hasn’t graced our fair city in forty years. But be sure my newborn daughter is well protected just in the event the man you saw isn’t the Prophet. Go now.”
The servant dipped his head in acknowledgement and rushed out of the room. The prince stood again and placed a hand on the pommel of his ancestral sword. “Prepare a meal and a glass of our finest wine for our guest. Also bring in a dozen guards here to make sure he does nothing foolish, I will not allow someone who just shows up on my father’s doorstep in here without some precautions.”
“My lord, if this man be who he is, my men will be ill equipped…”
“I know Captain Kurk, From what the man said it can only be someone with great magical talents. That is why I’ve called for my wife. She will know for sure who we are dealing with. Right now just do as I say. For all we know someone used magic to send an assassin here, with no power other than a poisoned blade at his disposal. Surely your men can handle a lone assassin who’s appearance is as ostentatious as this. Go now and make sure no others try and infiltrate the castle either.”
“Sir!” The captain saluted with a fist over his heart and pointed to two other guards and thumbed the wide open door. They hurried off too see the order through and shut the door behind themselves.
As the prince’s orders were carried out he watched as the other fifteen nobles fixed up their attire to be presentable before such a well known individual. A fresh meal and bottle of wine was carried in by a young serving girl while the first armored guard entered and took up position in the back of the room. One of the dignitaries left the room to retrieve others of his party who retired for the night, knowing they wouldn’t dare miss the chance to catch a glimpse of such a renowned figure.
Within minutes the fair and stunning princess entered the room with her handmaiden by her side and a mockingbird on her graceful shoulder. “My love, is it true? The Great Prophet has come?”
“I hope you’ll be able to tell me. You are the only one I know who has actually seen the man. But if you tell me he’s not, I’ll have him detained if at all possible.”
“Very well.” The princess gave him a small smile which he returned as she took the seat beside his father’s throne.
Within minutes the castle had come alive with news of the Great Prophet’s inexplicable arrival and wish for an audience. Both Prince Tate and his beloved princess sat regally and patiently while guards and hastily dressed people began filling up the hall.
Just as everyone took their places came a timed tap sound from wood on stone. The hall silenced as the sounds grew louder and the guards prepared themselves. A knocking on the door preceded “My Lord, The Great Prophet wishes an audience.”
“Granted!” Tate’s voice boomed.
The door opened silently on oiled hinges and first to enter was the original servant who still sweated, but wasn’t gasping for air.
Then the taping grew more pronounced as a second man entered with a long and knotted wooden staff housing a large blue sapphire at its peak. The crowd began to whisper in hushed tones as they studied his appearance. The man before them stood at an average height, wore a slightly bloodied blue robe that did little to disguise his frail physique. He had a hooked nose seemingly appearing to hold up a long black beard that reached his knees and wasn’t kept in any form of order that others could see. He walked through the parting people with a slight limp, but to gaze upon his face revealed he seemed remarkably young. None expected the man before them to be the great man himself, for he looked to have had recent problems if appearances meant anything.
The Great Prophet stopped not twenty feet from the two people sitting in intricately carved wooden thrones with six well armed warriors near should he threaten the high stationed couple. He wished to take in more of his surroundings, but couldn’t under the circumstances.
“You’re The Great Prophet?” Tate asked incredulously while succeeding to not sound as if to inflect any bias of first appearances.
“I am.” The Prophet admitted without hesitation.
Prince Take looked to his bride and went still as he saw the ashen look of horror on her fair face. Immediately he glared at the calm man and, seeing the expression on his love, ordered instantly “Detain him!”
Four guards stepped forward, drawing their swords as one without any hesitation.
“No! All of you stop, don’t get near him!” The princess ordered when she saw them get close. The men stopped, but didn’t look away from the staff wielding man who didn’t even flinch. They were highly skilled and followed orders. “Sheathe your blades and return to your position, he is without a doubt the Great Prophet for I remember all who I meet or see.”
The four did as ordered and walked backwards till they returned to their earlier stance.
“Please forgive my assumption, Prophet, but when I saw how she looked at you I reacted in ignorance. Please accept our hospitality. We have food and drink if you’re hungry.” The prince said.
But the Prophet ignored him and spoke to the princess. “Child, you can sense it can’t you?”
She nodded “I can. Is there any hope?”
He shook his head. “No.”
“Who did this and why?”
Again he shook his head. “In my trance to see the paths of future events I stumbled upon something someone didn’t want revealed and sent a skilled assassin. As you can see by my looks and sense by your abilities, I escaped, but not without being mortally wounded.”
“What is going on?” Tate asked either of them.
The Prophet answered as he stared into the prince’s blue eyes. “My life’s end draws to a close very soon. I have been wounded by a disease neither magic nor medicine can cure.” The people began whispering louder, but the three didn’t pay it any mind. “So if I may ask, where is your father, the king, young prince? I must talk to him immediately.”
Prince Tate sighed and leaned forward. “My father is returning from Emroc as we speak, but will not arrive for some weeks I’m afraid. While he is away I am ruling in his stead, doing what needs be done.”
The only sign of annoyance the Prophet revealed was a momentary clenching of the jaw. His eyes shifted and he smiled. “Good, you’ve brought a scribe. That will make things much easier since I cannot wait that long.”
“You’re the Prophet, shouldn’t you foresee everything? I mean you come here and don’t appear to know what has been prepared for you.”
For once the Prophet chuckled, not caring to consider any implications the prince’s words made. “Hardly. If I did know everything, my life wouldn’t be ending in less than an hour.”
“An Hour!?” One noble asked.
Again the hunched man nodded. “I’ve only delayed the inevitable by slowing my heart. If I hadn’t I wouldn’t be here right now. Can I give my last prophecies before all is lost and I’m not around to give warning?”
“Forgive me, Prophet. This is all so confusing and happening so fast. It is difficult to hear of your mortality.”
“I have lived long enough and have no regrets. In fact I’m quite looking forward to my death.” This revelation startled the crowd. “I can finally be in peace without everyone bothering me, asking me to tell their future. I’m not a charlatan after all.”
After a few moments the prince gestured for the scribe to approach. She did and brought with her a wooden pedestal, parchment, ink and a quill. When she nodded after the dipping of the quill, the prince gestured for the visibly weakening man to proceed.
“As darkness threatens to consume all life a warrior shall arise to reclaim what is rightfully his from what was lost. On his back is a burden few ever experienced and even fewer have survived, but unlike all others, despair will never rule him and barriers cannot hold him back forever.
“The warrior will become Death Incarnate and any who are foolish to stand in his way will rue such an unfortunate day. Whether he is hope or despair it cannot be foretold, but he will be known for being bold.
“Life and death will be his domain to command, but beware should you see him grin.”
Silence again commanded the room.
Then the Great Prophet turned around and began limping away.
“Prophet, wait!” The princess pleaded. “What does it all mean? Some parts are clear, but most of it is obscure.”
He paused for a moment and met her beseeching stare. “Even I do not understand it.” He admitted. “The words came to me and gave me the feeling I must deliver the message right here at this moment. All I can sense through the prophecy is that whomever fulfills the prophecy will be utterly unique. I do not see names or faces, just words and feelings. The words to me feel like he’ll be a man never seen before, but I can say for a certainty that he isn’t here yet or the feeling would most likely have led me right to him. Farewell.”
“Wait! Where are you going?” Someone in the crowd asked.
For the last time he stopped. “In my last vision search to catch the words I just spoke, before being assaulted, I also learned of another prophecy, but one I’m only allowed to speak in private. But to answer the question, as I feel is within the vision, I’m going to give the future a chance at hope rather than despair, so long as I’m not late.”
“If hope is what you are striving for, leave in peace.” The prince announced, stopping any further outbursts. “And may you find your long awaited peace, Great Prophet.”
“Live well and rule with kindness, Young Prince.”
With that, the Prophet walked out of the room, through a long hallway, down several flights of stairs and made it outside the castle gate without being molested by eager people wishing to impede progress. But each step steadily grew more labored as the magical disease continued eating away at his very body. Pain no longer responded in the wounded leg and it moved only through the sheer force of will to finish tasks. Once he reached a safe location he raised his staff and the blue gemstone crowned atop his knotted staff began to glow as he created another passageway of blue magical light and guided it by the feeling of importance he couldn’t resist or articulate.
He stepped through.

Instantly he came out to find himself standing in a large humble space with four individuals shaking from fear in a corner of the room. Soon the brilliant blue light dimmed and vanished with a faint popping sound, darkening the room till the fireplace and candles sustained the room’s illumination. The four were a family who lived in a respectable household. Two were adorable parents with a son of about four years and a daughter of no more than one.
Unlike the nobles he just left, the family dressed humbly. They were nether rich nor poor, but very protective of each other as the father shielded his wife while she clutched the children to her bosom. They all shook in unexpected fear, but the only sound came from the crying baby girl.
“Forgive my intrusion, good family, but I am The Great Prophet and have come to see you personally. I did not intend to startle you, but what must be done cannot allow for meaningless formality.”
It took nearly a minute for the words to sink in and it lessened their fear as he simply stood there without using any threatening gestures.
“Do whatever you want to me, Mage, just leave my family be.” The man said with obvious fear in his voice, but he held his ground.
“My business here is of importance, not harm.” To show he meant it he pulled out a chair from the dining table and sat down with a sigh. Pain lessened only slightly. His crystal glittered with power for a moment, when he felt his heart speeding up and felt the disease clawing much more quickly within. In response, he forced it back down with a simple spell. “Please, I must speak with you, my time grows short.”
“If you wish to speak, let my family go somewhere else as a sign of good faith.” He said, a little more confidently.
The Prophet smiled disarmingly, even through his thick beard. “This concerns all of you, but especially your daughter.”
“Prophet, what are you saying?” The man said in obvious hesitation.
“I’m saying, your daughter has a prophecy I must say and a curse I must place upon her.” He explained emotionlessly, understanding what was about to happen next and couldn’t avoid it.
“Curse…?” He asked in open astonishment and when it fully sunk in his expression screwed downward into red-faced rage. “YOU WANT TO CURSE MY DAUGHTER! GET OUT!”
“What must be done, must.”
The man pulled an eight inch hunting knife from his boot and charged. With a thought and touch of magic from the mage, the father ran into an invisible barrier, breaking the blade from the well aimed knife thrust. The prophet wouldn’t mind dying by the blade, but none could touch him without also receiving the disease. He even placed a small spell to keep him from touching anything in the room as a precaution. Still he was glad the princess earlier stopped the guards before he had to. Without her presence, the situation would have been worse.
Still enraged he shouted “YOU’LL NEVER HARM MY LITTLE GIRL!”
“Did I say I would harm her?” That stopped the father’s emotions far more effectively than the barrier. “She has a destiny that cannot be avoided, but I’m here to give her the tools that will give her a chance at success. I say it’s a curse, but it will not cause her any bodily harm or disfigure her in any way. From what I believe, she will grow into a beautiful woman, even more so than your breathtaking wife.”
“W…What w…will h…appen?” The mother shakily asked, still holding both children tightly to her full bosom.
“Tiffa, what are you saying? We cannot agree to cursing our daughter, let alone any child who cannot choose for themselves.”                                                                                                                                                                    
“Cillian, how can we stop him?” The mother, Tiffa, asked as tears streaked her cheeks. “He is a mage and more than that, he is The Great Prophet. You know the stories better than I. Let’s hear what he has to say. That cannot hurt, right?” She asked the last question to the unwelcome man sitting at her table.
“You have my word. I promise to not charm or spell you in any way, but I have only a half hour to spare. You must reach a decision before then.”
Cillian reigned in his emotions to pick up his broken knife and mumbled “Gonna have to fix that.” And put the broken pieces on the table. To the man he said “If you truly are the man of stories, I know you do not lie.” To the others he said “Let’s sit at the table like civilized people.”
Tiffa stood and let her son drop, but she still clutched the infant. Cillian sat at the other end of the lavish table’s head with his boy sitting in his lap while Tiffa moved the chair as close as possible for at least some kind of protection her husband offered. Cillian then said “Why have you come?”
Again he repeated what occurred hours ago, but didn’t repeat the prophecy he said back in Vin’re. He couldn’t contaminate what he learned and felt what went beyond mere words. The more he explained of the situation the more the family understood why he rushed. Even though his time ran shorter by the second he took the total terror out of their eyes and it was then he understood why he had been drawn here. The two parents had an inner strength that wasn’t a result by any form of magic, but one who overcomes any obstacle before them.
These were survivors.
Cillian prided himself as a man of his word and listened for a few minutes, before cautiously asking “For a mage as powerful as yourself, I find it hard to believe anyone could harm you. For me to truly believe this tale I must see proof.”
“Very well.” He allowed and turned his eyes towards the mother who had calmed dramatically. “Tiffa, if you are squeamish I suggest you avert your eyes.”
“I’m one of the town’s healers, I am not afraid of disease.”
He nodded and grabbed the sash around his waist to loosen it just enough so that he could separate the robes at his chest. He pulled them apart and both adults gasped as they looked upon the rotting flesh and yellow puss seeping out of his abdomen. He hadn’t heard the boy’s name, but he said “Yuck!” with a smile as all children without fear would. When Cillian heard his boy he put a large hand over his little eyes.
As he covered the disease again Tiffa asked “How are you still alive? And why doesn’t it smell?”
“Because I’m protecting you. As you clearly see I must hurry. Will you let me curse your child and tell you her prophecy?”
“We will.” Tiffa whispered. “Cillian, he came to us, simple townspeople. For him to risk his final moments in life by doing this for us is an honor. Why would he come to us if it wasn’t of truly grave importance?” Cillian sighed in defeat, knowing his wife. But he asked “What will this curse be?”
“A freezing curse.” He said outright, trying to expedite the usual process for time’s running out. “Her curse will not allow just anyone to kiss her. That includes you, her family. You will be allowed to kiss her head, cheeks or hand, but do not let living flesh touch her lips. It is an ancient spell that will only allow her destiny to ever give her physical love.”
Both parents stared dumbfounded at him, but in a few moments of jaw clenching from each, wanting to put words to their thoughts, Tiffa again began crying silently, kissed Cillian on the cheek, stood up and placed their now silent baby in the center of the lacquered table.
The baby girl stirred for a moment and fell back asleep.
Tears also spilled down the Prophet’s cheeks for what he was about to do as he struggled mightily to stand again. Speaking so quietly that even the family couldn’t hear over the crackling fire he bent over the adorable child and layered spells upon the babe. One half of the most complex spells likely ever done to a living being. The parents watched as only they could, doing something to a child and could only hope all turned out for the best and she wouldn’t hate them later.
Upon the corner of her left cheek grew a pinhead size flash of light and as it winked out it left behind a delicate brown freckle at the corner of her mouth, on an otherwise unblemished baby girl. She continued to sleep as if nothing happened.
“It is done.” He watched as Tiffa carefully looked over her baby and went to touch the tiny mark, but before she could he warned “Remember, do not touch her lips with your flesh and you’ll not freeze by the curse.” She acknowledged him with a nod and he smiled grimly as Tiffa used her dress-sleeve to caress her child’s lips and then remembered “Wait! How am I to breastfeed? She is still very dependent on me.” and his response was “Either milk your breasts or that of a lactating cow and learn through trial and error. Ask other women who couldn’t feed their children and I’m sure they’ll help.”
Standing erect again he said “Now that the girl is marked… I must explain her prophecy. Never before has a foretelling been bestowed for two beings, exactly the same, but it is indisputable. Hear me clearly.”
The whole family leaned closer to listen, except for the slumbering beauty.
“Love is the strongest and most natural feeling to pursue, but is the hardest to truly obtain. Others will be in your future, but alone you cannot reach one.
“Two decades will pass before the beginning and end. Start from fear, end in clarity, but stay away from vanity. To set free the one from the darkness, another must be by your side. When two come together they can find true happiness with the one.
“Serenity and anger will bring about the truest love any ever considered possible.”
“Is that it?” The boy questioned innocently.
Both Tiffa and Cillian stared at each other in confusion as they try to figure out the contexts of the cryptic words.
“Before I depart I must place a binding-silence spell on you for no other’s must know about my coming or the baby’s future. If any others were to know the secret, they could use her to their advantage…” He waited as they all joined hands before spelling them against any accidental slips of the tongue or mannerisms that could upset the balance.
“Is that it?” The boy questioned innocently again.
“It is, but now I must go.” He turned around and conjured another blue passage. “But first, what is the name of the child?”
“Her name is Meeka.” Cillian said and watched as the man stepped through the blue light and disappeared as it did.

Once again the Great Prophet startled a group of people after being drawn to this destination, but unlike the past two jumps these people were quick to recover. Nearly all grabbed their bows and notched iron tipped arrows in an instant and trained them all on him. A quick glance around showed he was surrounded by dozens of skilled archers. He looked around the darkness to realize he now stood on a vast plane of lush grass and the quick assessment explained where he found himself. He didn’t pay an over amount of attention for he was focused on completing his last task now more than ever as the danger crept up faster. Mothers yelled for the young to get back as more naked adults rushed in and prepared for a confrontation.
Each one yelled at him with an annoying cacophony and he reached in a pocket. The angry yelling grew louder, demanding he stop moving, when he continued to not heed warning someone gave an order and dozens of arrows loosed, but were easily deflected.
“Ah here we go.” He said as he withdrew meaningful beads. Arrows stopped being launched nearly immediately as they gawked at what he held. “Although these signify I’m not part of your tribe it will allow me an audience with your elders. Will you uphold tradition or try and kill an already rapidly dying man?”
One warrior approached cautiously and looked closely at the beads. “They are real.” He announced to others. Half lowered their bows, the other wasn’t taking any chances. “Magic man, on your word, do you swear to be peaceful during a meeting of the tribal elders?”
“You solemnly have it.”
“Then you may follow me, but if you break the sanctity of peace talking, all tribes will fall upon you.”
“I’m well aware, lead on hunter-warrior.” He said in recognition of the man’s status among his people.
The entire tribe stirred with all shouting and hurried to see what occurred while also fearing what the grim silence meant as the shouters went silent so quickly. Every adult carried some form of weapon. Soon he found all adults congregating in the center of their lands. Most were women and were just as apt to kill him as any man. From experience, no children were allowed to be present and any pregnant women watched over them while talks were underwent. Nearly two hundred hardened members were silent and didn’t look away from him for a moment.
He stopped as the guide said “This magic man wishes to hold peace talks and has the right as a member of our neighboring tribe. Will he be allowed?”
“Move.” A raspy woman’s voice said and he did so, revealing the newcomer to the elders, priestess and Chief Metak. “Ah, Far-seer, it has been a long time since you visited.” The priestess, an old woman in her seventies, and speaker of tribe spoke. “Why do you come without warning? It is very strange for even you.”
“I come here with only a few minutes left to live. Please listen.” And he quickly told the whole tribe what happened and showed how the disease has now reached his chest. Many moved much further back in natural reaction. He closed himself a moment later so others wouldn’t have to stare. Only the elders, priestess and chief didn’t show any outward revulsion. When he went quiet the priestess did as protocol to the dying and asked “And what would you wish before your time in the flesh ends and you meet the ancestor spirits?”
“I have come for a young girl child who has a great destiny, even greater than yours, Priestess. I must do to her as I did to you, but differently. I’ve come to bless her with a gift. I’ve already applied the curse to fulfill a piece of what I’ve come to say here and now I’ve come to bless the chosen one to solidify my vision. I beg this of you, I’ve only got minutes.”
The priestess simply looked at the chief and he ran off in the direction that they secretly guard the young.
In less than two minutes a murmur drew everyone’s attention and the crowd parted as the chief approached with nineteen young girls and two mothers also followed with suckling babes cradled in their arms. The girls ranged from the infant to about sixteen years. Chief Metak stopped and the young spread out behind him. “Far-seer, these are all the young girls in our tribe. Reveal the chosen one.” And he stepped away.
All the girls stood straight and orderly with all wearing a knife to their thigh and mimicked all the silent adults who watched him limp closer.
Feeling out the one, he came within a few feet of each. Each one he looked at didn’t give off the feeling he’d been summoned to.
Then after the seventh girl he met the eyes of a child of three years of age and the connection was instant. He pointed “She is the one I’ve sought.”
The priestess raised a hand and said “Brooke Child, come here. The rest of you may return till the matter is resolved.”
As the toddler rushed over to the woman, the other young ones left. Brooke sat beside the old woman and giggled, happy for all the attention. When the old woman smiled and pat her head it turned into an honest child’s laugh.
Suddenly the Prophet dropped to his knees and everyone heard bone shatter sickeningly. He cried out in pain for a moment before crawling closer to the two. “It must be done, now!”
“So long as it is a blessing, do what you must.” She explained quickly as she saw the blackening of his skin crawling up his bearded neck.
He didn’t hesitate to weave a permanent spell of his own making onto the now frightened child. His strength failed faster than he believed, but the blinding pain kept his mind focused. It took a minute to spell the child.
Ending the magic there came a flash of light on the lower back of the child and it also made strong yet sensual curves as the mark appeared to grasp her buttock. It had a faded black coloring that appeared similar to a tattoo of her people’s kind, but wouldn’t ever be seen as unsightly.
Before anyone else said anything he quickly spoke the same prophecy that he told Tiffa and Cillian over their child, but talked loud enough so that the whole tribe heard it, but he didn’t have to worry about them spreading the words like he bound the family from before. None dare speak or even approach till he said “Farewell! Remember she has another with the same fate.” and suddenly he enveloped himself for one last Jump, into a the heart of an active volcano so that his pain ended instantly and the ailment would also be destroyed.
In the village, all looked around in complete astonishment, but the first to speak was Brooke. “Wha happemmened to blue man?”
“He died, child.” The old woman voiced sadly.
“What did he do?” she asked while touching her bottom and felt nothing different.
“Hmm… Strange…” She said and pulled her closer. The woman smelled Brook’s hair, arms and nearly everywhere else to determine “It seems as if he took away your scent?!” Brooke tilted her head and smelled herself to understand. “Also, Child, he has just given you a great destiny.”





Chapter 1

The bell above the door rang out clearly as it opened, alerting the sole person within that someone came in.
“Hey, Boss-Man! What are you doing here so late at night?”
“My lawyer finished drawling up the papers, Jake.” Cage shouted back as he wheeled his way into the mixed martial arts gym. Jake, an old fighting master, took off the wrappings around his fists as he walked away from the old leather punching bag.
Cage fondly looked upon the gym for the last time, remembering everything within it and all the memories it contained. Pain and tiredness usually left the place, but it was always worth it. Heavy equipment made boys into lethal men and the ring had been used so much that blood and sweat could no longer be distinguished. Most of all memories were good, even a much missed old warrior who pushed any who entered those doors to reach a level the individual wouldn’t believe could be possible.
While Jake toweled the profuse sweat from his face and took a drink, Cage placed his hands on the rails of his wheels to glide to an easy stop by the nearby bench to wait for a few seconds.
Jake sat down while Cage pulled out a thick envelope from the bag hanging from the wheelchair’s back. “Why not wait till in the morning when all the guys will be here?” he asked as the paperwork came into his possession.
“Because I’m leaving first thing.”
“Really?” Jake asked in disbelief. “Can’t you stay? You know the guys will help out with whatever you need. We all miss the old man and know what he meant to you. You’ve inspired us more than you know. I know you probably think the guys find you as a novelty, being forced into a chair and all, but come on.”
“That’s one of the reasons why I’ve got to leave. They use me as a crutch and they need someone who is always around. I’m not a leader anymore, but after my injury you stepped up and since Beau died last week, I’ve did a lot of thinking, but everything I’ve come up with will only ruin all he did. In my condition are many needs and I’ll have no choice except to take from the gym’s budget. In eight months I’d bleed this place dry just to take care of my personal requirements. You know better than anyone else that I support myself. I’ll not be a leech who is supported and not be able to return the favor. No matter how much I love the thrill of a good fight I cannot in good conscience do that. I have to go, but not before leaving the old man’s legacy in capable hands.”
Jake leaned back and closed his eyes before a knowing smile touched his lips. “I’ve never seen someone who enjoys a fight quite like you do, Cage. Even after you came back to the boys in a chair I’ve yet to see anyone beat you in the ring.”
Cage grinned. “Sure you have! The old man schooled me plenty.”
“That’s true!” He chuckled and looked into Cage’s twinkling black irises at the mention of a good fight. “I’d give up all I have just to see what would have happened if the old man was in his prime and fought you on equal terms.”
A dark look passed Cage’s expression and Jake’s smile vanished. “Don’t ever word something like that. You don’t understand what is truly important till you no longer have it. At last not yet.” And he intentionally touched his paralyzed legs that were atrophied from none use.
“Sorry man.” He apologized and was given a nod of acknowledgement.
“Tell the guys I’ll be watching their careers and if they are slacking I’ll track them down and shove my crippled leg up their ass.”
“That I’ll do. It will sure motivate them.” He laughed hollowly.
Cage grabbed his wheels and pushed, gliding across the hardwood flooring with powerful arms and a top of the line chair that required little to travel easier and its lightweight yet sturdy design made the physical condition as comfortable as possible. As he reached the door Jake asked without emotion “You were gone again when the old man has his heart attack.” Cage stopped, hearing the implication, and looked at the fighter’s reflection off the glass door. “I know you well enough to realize that you didn’t just sign over the gym for financial problems. Beau spoke to me in private, on his deathbed, on what is going on with you and how you disappear for weeks before coming back and doing it all over again. You’ve got money so don’t sit there and lie to me, Kid. I now know how you really ended up crippled and what you’ve did for justified vengeance. Tell me the truth, Cage, who did you kill this time or piss off to make you need to leave town at this hour?”
Dropping all pretences he pulled his left wheel back, to spin the chair so he could meet Jake’s even stare. “I saved the best for last, the traitorous snitch who caused all this to rain down. General Tripp of the Marines died by my hands for what he did, not one day prior to now.”
“You killed a Marine general?” Jake asked with a dumbfounded expression.
“I did.” He retorted honestly with a wicked grin. “He put up a pitiful fight, but as he pulled out his sidearm I knocked it away before grabbing his wrist, pulling him off balance and strangling the life from him. I killed all who were linked to the plot, one by one. My vengeance and debt is now over and nothing is holding me here any longer.
“And by the way, your wrong… I no longer have money. Inside the envelope, in your very hands, is a check made out to you for sixteen million dollars.” Jake’s jaw dropped. “Your wife left a message on the old man’s answering machine, explaining that your youngest boy has been diagnosed with leukemia. He didn’t erase it and I know my money is going to help your boy. Use that money to take care of him for your insurance won’t cover all he’ll need. Also in there is a number to the best medical treatment center on the planet. I’ve made all the arrangements. And before you ask, yes, I looked in detail to each livelihood of every member here and any persons I come in contact with on a daily basis. The money is in an offshore account so no one can link the cash to you or anyone else. You’ll never see me again, nor will anyone else for that matter. And if someone does miraculously track me down here, say I’ve gone to Alabama. It’s best if you don’t know further details so they cannot torture or trick you into revealing something you don’t know. Take care, Jake. And I hope your boy pulls through.” And he smiled kindly towards the dumbfounded fighter.
Jake yelled as the door began to close behind Cage “Thank you, Boss Man! I’ll never forget!”
Guided by the only outside light of the building, Cage pushed his chair towards his medium sized truck and opened the driver’s door. He reached inside, grabbed a reinforced handlebar and lifted his body up enough to pull his bottom into the sideways facing seat. He continued holding the bar as he reached down with the other arm and grasped the frame of the black painted, aluminum wheelchair. It’s lightweight design made it easy to pull up and with a simple push of a button, collapsed it. Flat, it became easier to twist just enough to put it safely in the back seat of the king-cab. Cage then grabbed both of his long, useless legs, pulled them up and sat them onto a plate welded to the swiveling seat. He reached down deftly and released the lock so that he could spin the seat into the forward facing position. Hearing the ‘click’ of it locking into place, he put on his seatbelt and started the truck.
Cage fired up the engine and looked back towards the gym to see Jake standing behind the glass, holding the check and information with bright eyes and talking excitedly on his cell. Cage read his lips for a moment and smiled as he learned Jake was telling his wife the good news.
Hand controls are the only way for most truly handicapped drivers to get around from place to place. He grabbed the steering wheel with the left hand and the lever that controls the gas and brake with the other. After putting it in drive he twisted his hand to accelerate. In minutes he vanished from the gym and headed down the dark streets. He took multiple routes and made absolutely sure he wasn’t followed and glanced skyward to look for any helicopter flashing lights.
All appeared to be mundane driving down multiple Floridian backstreets. Summer was in full swing and that only made things worse for it remained as hot and humid in the day as it is at night. Cage continued evasive and casual driving as he began the last trip he’d ever make to Beau’s house. Beau lived out in the woods and it made for a unique environment to live in. The best thing about it is that very few people chose to bother you and you actually knew your neighbors.
About ten miles later came a faint silver flash of light high in the cloudless night sky. Every minute Cage would look and began to see a pattern emerge to its movement’s.
It kept circling, slowly.
Alerted, Cage kept glancing and a mile later he noticed an unmarked tactical SUV. It sat in a familiar driveway of an old man Cage knew couldn’t afford it and had no one who ever visited him. He gently turned the wheel as if it was part of the road to find the windows of the SUV were heavily tinted so none could see in.
“Damn it! They must have found Tripp’s body already.” Cage cursed, but kept driving as if he didn’t figure anything was amiss.
He passed the parked unit at the fifty mile per hour limit. Seconds later he caught the moon’s reflection, for a flickering moment, as it pulled onto the road without turning on its headlights. “Night and heat vision too. This won’t be easy.” Otherwise they wouldn’t be able to follow safely down a road in darkness.
Six houses later he saw yet another tactical unit parked and dreaded if they pulled out and boxed him in, but worry became unfounded as he passed it and it too pulled out behind the first trailing team.
Cage grinned at what he knew lay ahead. “Catch me if you can boys!”
As he took a well known right curve he pulled out a transmitter and turned off the head and tail lights. Suddenly he turned the steering wheel hard to go left on a hidden trail he found years ago, one that hunters no longer use or remember. He slammed on the breaks after diving successfully into the overgrown trail, knowing he customized the truck so that the head or break lights wont activate once the truck starts and lights are turned off while driving.
He turned his head and saw two quick flashes, grinned and hit the limited raged trigger.
As the two covert teams continued pursuit in darkness a hidden device activated in a canopy hanging over the road that took weeks to design and deploy and as a camouflaged bag opened, dropping hundreds of tire destroying tacks that rained on the asphalt. At the same time, a small amount of C4 detonated and destroyed an old, dead and dry pine tree. The explosive was perfectly placed, for it dropped the tree completely across the road and ignited plastic accelerant that, won’t wash off from a rainstorm. It ignited in a fireball, consuming the entire tree in a large flame. Flames rendered both their heat and night vision useless.
Cage opened the window to hear eight loud pops, after the explosion, signifying all tires were blown and disabling the vehicles. Screeching came next from slamming on the brakes. Then came the shouting “Alpha team has been stopped! Eyes in the sky, find him! Last seen heading due east of our current location! … How the hell were we supposed to know! All you said was to proceed with caution, not that he’s a damn pro! … Fine Sir, we’ll stand by and establish a perimeter while you track the bastard down… Roger! Alright boys, you heard ‘em!”
Since he stopped on a hill, Cage eased off the brake and glided down the dirt trail, not making any sounds the men could hear. The brush also helped dull and dilute the noise of the idling truck. When he felt he got away, he accelerated, knowing about how long it will take for the chopper to fly by and establish a search pattern. Cage smiled as he was glad this area remained mostly underdeveloped and the trees made a great canopy to mask the truck’s heat signature. He drove down the road and reached what he was searching for, a bog he remembered from before his injury and knew it wasn’t too deep, especially since it hadn’t properly rained in months. He flipped the truck into four wheel drive and entered the stink and mosquito infested area. He applied the brakes when he heard the whipping sounds of a helicopter and watched as it used its great spotlight to fly back and forth. No longer were they using stealth. When it turned away he continued driving. With the summer’s uncomfortable heat, the bog also concealed the truck. If it were day he’d be found much more quickly, but he had only a handful of hours before the men found the disturbance the truck left behind in the muck. “Nice try!” he laughed as he pulled out and onto a bank.
The powerful truck easily pulled itself out, but then suddenly it began sputtering. “No, no, no! Not now!”
With those words the vehicle coasted to a stop, but on a shallow hill. “Fuck!”
He applied the parking brake and put it in park.
“I’ll take it easy on you guys. You’re only doing what you are ordered. I know that better than anyone.” And he disarmed the self-destruct function by ripping out a wire underneath the steering wheel. If anyone other than Cage didn’t know his routine they would activate a plastic explosive in the engine, cab and bed.
Quickly, he decided to open the door and set up his chair. It wouldn’t be long, but he’d continue to get far away and still chance escape. “After all, I’ve got till morning.” And sat the open wheelchair on the short grass with the wheels locked. He turned the seat and skillfully threw himself in the chair. He looked up and saw the truck had died under the protection of tree cover and knew it would be difficult to spot because of its forest green color, for a while at least.
He shut the door and began rolling away, constantly listening to everything and using a dimmed flashlight between his teeth to push further without getting stuck in sugar-sand, Florida’s natural enemy for all wheelchairs.
Ten minutes later Cage located another trail, but this one had more activity. “Have to chance it.” And began heading down it. Every now and then he’d hear the chopper, but over the course of an hour it became less and less frequent. The worst part of Florida for someone like Cage is there are no hills to see what is going on. If he could establish a vantage point he could determine just what is going on, how much damage he created and how close the squad is to his very location.
Still he pushed on.
It took another hour to navigate the treacherous road. Twice his smaller front wheels immobilized him and he had to lean the whole chair back to rely on his thicker back wheels to escape the sand. But as he continued evading he began to wonder why his truck broke down. He had checked it over only a few days prior and fixed every detail it had and knew it shouldn’t have. Especially since it couldn’t be flooded because of a snorkel system and all the modifications that nearly made it impervious to tampering or an outside attack from small to medium caliber bullets. “No use dwelling on what will only get me caught.” He grunted as he continued pushing.

Just as the dawn returned, Cage happily spat out the flashlight that made the jaw ache for holding it in place for several hours. Now with natural light, it became much easier to navigate the path and speed the escape.
He came to a dead end. “Wait… What is this?” He looked around and saw the ground looked well traveled, but many young trees taller than he blocked the way. He looked at their roots and noticed they were planted in the past week. Looking around for a way to circumvent the barrier he found just one space just wide enough for him to pass. Cage took it and sighed as the wheels only scraped the bark of either pine and it led into a game trail. He followed it and it led him to a grassy clearing of only thirty yards of open space.
Suddenly he pushed the wheels to pass through, but they didn’t move. Cage looked down and found that the grass tangled into the spokes. He leaned down and began tearing at the tangled mess, but the grass didn’t break no matter how hard he tried. “Strange.” He thought aloud. The other side was in a similar situation. He pulled a hidden knife from his shoe and its razor sharp edge couldn’t even cut the dry foliage. Might as well have been cutting against steel.
He sat there for several minutes, trying to find a way out when he heard the drumming sound of a chopper approaching. Seconds later he faintly heard shouting and barking of canine units. “Nowhere to run huh?” He resigned himself and sighed.
At that moment there came a strange feeling, almost like vibrations traveling through the ground. Blades of grass oddly began to float and drift away in the breeze. “What the?” He exclaimed as he saw the impossible happen. The only grass to remain in a perfect ten foot circle, held the chair still. The vibrations began to change into a low hum, one even he could barely hear. The bare dirt began to glow, even in the morning light. It was an eerie green glow, but it wasn’t uniform around the whole circle. Lines of an alien design began to appear and strange symbols became more distinct. The hum grew in intensity, drowning out all other noises, especially those tracking him.
Cage sat and watched with wonder at this unique phenomenon. He is a rationalist, but even he knew no one could understand what he saw developing before his very eyes. Then something changed as the symbols stopped growing in intensity and the hum maintained a crisp sound.
The circle of energy began to shrink around him. He couldn’t get away from either force coming so he watched it all for it would be his last memory as a free man.
Green lights began spinning in a clockwise direction as it stopped shrinking not a foot from any direction he sat in.
It then began to rise as its speed made the symbols blur into a single, yet solid and transparent, green color. He watched in awe at first, seeing the light rise up around him, leaving the chair unharmed. Then it reached his shins when he noticed where the light rose from, took his legs because his pants looked to not cover or be supported by his already paralyzed limbs. Still it continued rising and he tried struggling, but his body became somehow incapable. Probably from shock. He could feel nothing other than constant pain for years in his legs because of the paralysis, but he wondered how it would feel when sensation rises above the injury.
When it reached his buttock he found himself sinking into the light, but as it reached his lower back he felt nothing but warmth. His pants became completely flat as the light consumed the flesh. He relaxed. “At least I’ll die without any more pain.”
And he sunk willingly into the strange radiance.

As the Marine search party followed the obvious chair tracks, the odd sound stopped abruptly and the dogs ceased to cower and whine in fear. The whole tactical team moved with a new sense of urgency and the dogs led them to the clearing.
Sitting before everyone was a lone wheelchair with hollow clothes. Everyone looked around in great confusion, but not as much as every dog that couldn’t find the target’s scent. The whole team searched the area for days and had to stop when he couldn’t be located.





Chapter 2

Musical sounds of a songbird seemed strange as Cage opened his tired and heavy eyes. He looked up into a brilliant azure sky, wondering at is beauty. He lay on his back for several minutes till the fog of his mind began to clear and his eyesight to sharpen. Soft, cool grass felt as wonderful as a soft bed and a constant breeze was pleasant and brought with it the most freshest natural scents he’d ever come across.
Another minute past as he asked himself “Where am I and how did I get here?”
Then it came to him all at once.
He sat up suddenly, but stopped when he again saw the impossible. “Please don’t make this my first dream, it’ll be too cruel.” Tentatively he reached down to his twig-like legs that miraculously moved as he sat up. Neither had he been able to do for years, sit up without needing his arms or move his legs.
As he touched his hairless legs he began to cry happily.
“The constant pain is gone and I can feel touch again!” The caress of his fingers felt like rough sandpaper on the sensitive skin. “But how? How can this be?” He continued smiling as he did the same to the other leg as it too had sensations that could be felt and pain vanished as well.
Cage placed both hands to either side and focused on the once practically dead limbs. He focused on them and smiled as it took great effort, but he made them twitch by will. He laughed aloud from sheer and unexpected excitement. Then he managed to wiggle his toes and weakly stretched the legs straight and bent them. After three more movements he dropped back to the ground in exhaustion and pain in his legs as they were moved after so long.
“This isn’t a dream and I’m not dead!” he shouted. “My legs move again!” and he laughed so loud that if anyone were around they would have seen it as either hysterical or completely maddening.
He sat up again and also noticed he was as he had been born, naked to the world. Cage didn’t care, he felt whole again and kept working out the unused limbs even as they screamed in pain from being used. As he did so he spoke his thoughts aloud. “How can they move so easily after so long being dormant? Their strength is as I expect, but my last MRI showed part of my brain that controls walking had gone inactive. It should take weeks if not months to establish the control and effect they are revealing. Who fixed me? Modern spinal cord paralysis research and treatment couldn’t have come this far?” He then looked at his corded arms. “I haven’t been stationary as would happen if I were in a hospital while they gave treatment. Even then they wouldn’t just dump me out in the woods.”
Around where he sat he found himself on a small patch of grass, surrounded by large pines and deciduous trees. But as he looked at them he saw they were all budding as if spring had just arrived. The whole area was growing wild, as if nature knew just what he liked in a land. Squirrels, birds and all manner of insects were easily to spot. The forest was dark, but exquisite. A constant wind from the north kept bathing over him and brought many telltale scents that said he was in a place away from society. No fumes, smoke or anything that could be determined by scent alone indicated others were nearby. Patches of dirt, not sugar-sand, and stones littered the ground and he knew “I’m certainly not in Florida anymore.”
Cage continued thinking, only in his head this time. The nearby disturbances only came from me, but I just couldn’t fall from the sky. Wait… that light… I know I didn’t imagine it. Did I? No, it was real. As real as my legs are moving again. Did it do something to me? Did it bring me here? How could that be possible?
He began biting a fingernail.
First I fled. Next I’m engulfed in a strange, circular green light and I awake somewhere else and can sit up and move my legs again. What the hell kind of phenomenon could do such a thing?
He looked around again. “Looks like no one is around to give me any answers…” then he had a side thought and suddenly brought his hands to his lower back. “No way! The scar is gone and I can’t feel the metal plate.” that held my spine together. He thought the last part. Cage kept feeling the smooth skin and hard natural bone beneath. Before, he could always feel the outline of the plate that held the vertebrae together after the betrayal. He kept touching the familiar location that had been the source of his functionless legs. “The light must have healed me… wait… the light… it took me, not my clothes or chair. Could it have specifically only targeted living tissue? That could be why the plate and screws are no longer inside me and I no longer have a scar…” Then his eyes widened at another thought and his fingers went to his right shoulder just as his eyes shifted. A scar from an old bullet wound had also been fixed. It was a flesh wound, but it had left a nasty scar. Same for a few small scars on his face and chest that he earned through fighting. Lastly he checked the bones in his feet to find each bone straight as if nothing had happened.
Cage felt reborn, but a new sense overtook his whirlwind of thoughts. Pressure became uncomfortable down in his lower extremity and it took a moment to realize he just felt a full bladder. He grinned as another happy tear escaped down his cheek. “It looks as if I gained more function than I ever hoped to believe. Now let’s try and do this the right way. What do you say legs? Wanna fulfill a promise I made to the old man and piss on a tree again?”
With a grunt of effort he made his legs come close, glad to keep doing therapy after he was released from the hospital to keep the joints loose and not become rigid. As he felt they were placed right, with knees bent towards the sky, he pushed hard with his hands and tried forcing his legs to extend and stand in an erect position for the first time in years.
It didn’t happen.
The muscles were still far too weak to do something like that and he fell forward. He caught himself by his arms and chuckled. “Knew it was too soon… Still, I had to try.”
Cage began looking around for a nearby tree with low hanging branches to get hold of and sighted one as it just had to be the one furthest tree in range. “Alright, let’s try a different approach.” This time he strained to his absolute limit to struggle and slide his knees under him. “Good!” He exclaimed in a huff as his breathing became heavily labored. Noting to himself again he said “Arms have plenty of…” he sucked in a deep breath. “endurance, but legs… don’t. Have to… work on that.”
Crawling on hands and knees was slow moving and didn’t last long as his muscles and joints protested to the point of collapse. Cage fell flat on his chest and breathed heavily till it evened out and the cool ground soothed the already burning muscles. He smiled at the thought of showing off the doctors his new miracle, but knew better than to have any association with anyone he knew. Then he began to figure out how to strengthen his lower extremities and that put a full grin on his face.
This time he could feel it would be useless to try and crawl on his hands and knees. Belly crawling would be the only way he knew would reach the first destination. Putting more emphasis into bending the knee and twisting the hips, Cage pulled with his right forearm and pushed with a leg. It worked and didn’t hurt much. The pain he now felt was a good burning kind from exercise, not blinding nerve damage. Over the past few years he gained a huge tolerance for pain and what his legs now made were inconsequential demands. He reached with his left arm and opposite leg and again pulled himself closer to the tree.
Ten minutes later about fifty feet were traveled.
Feeling like it’ll work, Cage reached up and grasped a sturdy branch and pulled himself up, half dragging his feet till he climbed up enough to force them right under him. Bones popped in his feet and knees, but didn’t break as more weight pressure was placed on them. Wobbly, Cage managed to stand up for the first time, but couldn’t release his firm hold on the thick branch. A stick poked his bare right butt cheek and forced him to make a small step to the side. He determined by his own body’s assessment it would be impossible to let go and still stand under his own power. Muscles in his legs weren’t the only things weakened from none-use. His lower back and abdominal muscles weren’t yet capable of supporting his trunk. His upper body was extensively muscled from use of a chair and exercise, but wouldn’t do a thing to make him walk instantly.
“This will take time, but first…” he smiled as he held himself with one hand and grabbed his pride and joy with the other. He closed his eyes as the pressure released and he urinated on a tree next to the one that supported him. Relief made him sigh. “Ahh… no more catheters or urinary infections because of them. To pee without aid is a gift more important than moving my legs.” Seconds instead of minutes later it was all over and felt renewed once again.
Looking around, he knew priorities were needed since he was alone. “First I need to find water, then food and maybe shelter if possible. Now which way to go?” He didn’t know where to head so he chose west since the sun traveled in the same direction. Thankfully the trees were large and grew quite closely.
“Alright, here we go.” And took a difficult step with his right foot, then the left. Before becoming off balance he slightly swung and jumped till he grasped the next tree and hugged its trunk. Thankfully he was glad to be a tall man and could reach greater distances, otherwise moving would be even more difficult than it already is. Turning around and doing it again also ended in success, but the fifth try failed miserably and he fell face first into a bush and skinned his knees and the knuckles of his toes. Again he pulled himself up and continued progressing much faster than crawling.

As the hours passed, his walk became increasingly labored yet familiar. Sweat dripped freely off his body from the exertion, but still he continued since he could only rely on himself. Scrapes and cuts accumulated and made efforts that much more difficult. He felt like a baby learning to walk, stumbling away till they could move independently, but before any success is much effort and pain. It was looked forward to and he laughed internally since concentration is the only thing keeping him upright. The forest was so thick, nearly impossible to see further than a few yards the sunlight filtered through the overlapping canopy.
Passing a thick hedge came a most welcome sound, trickling water. Renewed strength blossomed within and he hurried to it as fast as he was able. It grew louder with each agonizing step. He figured he hobbled twenty feet before looking upon a babbling brook flowing from what he could tell to be north and south. Intentionally, he fell forward and crawled through the moist ground, grass and rock to reach the life giving elements. There he marveled the scene. The water looked so clear it was almost blue. Small, colorful fish and crustaceans called the stream home. The air seemed even fresher smelling than before. Not knowing the source or what creatures fouling it or even caring for so great was the thirst, he reached forth and cupped his hands together and brought the cool liquid to his mouth. Again came more relief. He continued cupping the water out of habit till his thirst became sated minutes later till it felt as if he’d burst.
He rolled onto his back to dull the brain freeze that resulted. Two minutes passed before he began looking around. Nearly instantly he found a delight growing on the opposite bank of the brook. “Watercress!” Watching the stream for a minute he figured he’d cross it and did so with little effort, but as soon as his body submerged into it the heat and pain made another sigh escape.
On the other side he began eating the peppery tasting watercress with gusto. As a vegetarian, Cage didn’t even want to consider the small river animals as a food source. The plant grew so abundantly that he lay in the stream to cool off and eat till full. He only got out an hour and a half later to urinate and after, drank and ate more. He stayed there for a little while longer till he realized how lax his observation of time had become.
The sun was beginning to set as he drug himself out and searched for dry tender and flint. Rock lay aplenty around the water, but it took time to collect the wood and already he felt the temperature dropping quickly. Again, another sign he wasn’t in the Sunshine State in summertime. Not knowing if he’d freeze here or what animals live in the area he knew fire would be essential.
Cage began bringing in the materials and did as taught on how to build the wood to catch fire quickly. He began striking the flint-rocks together and made few sparks. Not one to quit, Cage struck the stones together hundreds of times while the sun disappeared, but not all its light vanished yet. More and more he struggled, but no matter how much his impressive arms could exert, the wood didn’t catch.
Angered at his lack of progress he struck the stones while thinking what he wanted and yelled “Damn it! Ignite!”
A sudden tingling sensation on his back came as a large spark jumped into the tender and a huge wave of exhaustion overtook Cage as he saw black dots swimming before his eyes and darkness claimed him. He collapsed backwards.

Crackling and popping alerted Cage that he had passed out and groggily he opened his eyes. The sky still had some light, telling him he’d only been out of it for a few minutes. Strange orange colors flickered off the canopy and drew his attention down to a hungry flame not a foot away. He had to pull his legs back because the heat became too much. Cage sat up and winced as he felt a sharp pain on the back of his head and a gentle prodding revealed some blood from where he struck his skull on a rock, but more than that he felt more exhausted than he should be. Several times he felt this depleted, but he should feel better. “Maybe today’s workout took more out than expected. Hey! I made a fire!” he hooted and fully realized what sat before him.
Cage looked up and saw a clear sky and only hoped it would last for he was too exhausted to make even a large leaf sit atop his head to dodge the rain. “Whew, what a long and exciting day.”
Like he thought, the air did chill and he forced himself to stay awake for a reason. As night fell the forest’s noise grew intense, especially from insects. On occasion a bat would fly close, nearly startling him. Several hours into the noisy night he finally looked up into the sky.
“What the!” Cage struggled to get a better view from the stream’s bank to stare in wide eyed confusion.
Up above were twinkling stars where they weren’t supposed to be. Constellations varied on different parts of the world and Cage had seen many from different continents and governments. He would spend hours staring at them and learn wherever he went in the world he’d understand where he was. He tried changing how he looked, but nothing appeared recognizable. “No Orion’s Belt, 
Big or Little Dipper or even the north star… Where the hell am I?”
The moon then arched over the trees and he needed to remember how to breathe. It was full, but completely different.
Cage always thought, even as a child, that the moon looked like an alligator riding a bike and it looked the same wherever he found himself, but this moon looked to display a chicken jumping out of water while smaller craters mimicked what he associated with birdshot. But what he found equally fascinating were the different sizes. Earth’s moon looks similar to an outstretched dime, but this one looked slightly larger than a quarter but smaller than a fifty cent piece.
“That settles it! I’m no longer on Earth or I’ve went back in time… if I somehow died I wouldn’t be feeling pain.” His astonishment, unlike what others would be, turned into a full grin. “Sweet, a whole new world!”
He studied for only a few more minutes before exhaustion forced him back to the fire. He added more wood and hoped it would last for he dropped unconscious with little warning.

Cage awakened the most natural way, by the sounds of lovely birdcalls and a ray of sunlight. The fire had burned down to coals and he felt cold, but he knew its warmth had let him live through the night. He sat up and grimaced as yesterday’s pain had grown and he still felt tired, but not so much that it was like before. Both his ankles and knees were swollen. It became apparent he needed to expand on the plans of food and water. He needed to keep going, but needed a better method to travel and some kind of clothing to keep the elements at bay.
He smiled as he found two young, straight trees that would do nicely. He crawled over to them and began using a sharp rock to fell each. Without a knife’s edge or a saw, it took longer to cut them down, but they did. Cage then pulled himself back to the brook with the two trees, tripling the effort.
Soon he eased himself into the stream to reduce swelling in the joints. He managed to sit in a gentle flowing section and sat up in the water while he broke off all the limbs and used a stone to flatten down all the sharp edges. For both, it took till midmorning to make them into reasonable crutches. He then used the coals to revive the fire. Since the young trees were so freshly cut they flexed more than he liked and would make them that much more dangerous should he fall. With a moderate fire he began fire-hardening both crutches till the water steamed out and turned them a blackish-brown. It took several hours to complete and he also ate, drank and succeeded on having a bowel movement without any suppositories, enemas or stimulation. He remained ecstatic to regain that function as well.
With the swelling reduced, he picked up his walking aids, but not before creating a survivors coal transporter by using a large mushroom growing on the bark of a tree trunk to allow the ember to continue smoldering while he moved. It took all he had to figure out how to hold the wood, pull with his arms and lift with weak legs. “Whoa!” he said, startled as he began falling backwards, but with a deft move of his arm he used the stick to keep him erect. “Time to begin scouting.” And leaned forward, taking a step, reducing the weight on them by leaning on the crutches. It became a skillful art, re-learning how to walk, use crutches to keep from falling while holding a large, smoldering mushroom. He began traveling downstream to see what he can about his surroundings and this new world.
Cage continued following the stream’s path and he found himself steadily traveling downhill. Nearly an hour later, four pauses to rest and cool the aching joints and muscles did a constant roaring of water get louder. The stream he followed bled into a large river with white-water rapids in certain areas, but as he reached the sight he found himself confirming he wasn’t in Florida. In the opposite direction of the river Cage saw a small mountain to the north. It had no snow at its peak, but thick clouds crowned above it. Not knowing how far the river traveled, for it could lead him on for days or he could rely on training and do what needed to be. “I’m not one to succumb to adversity.” And turned himself to began heading upstream. He made maybe a mile before he couldn’t walk anymore, but didn’t stop till he found a huge, dead tree leaning at an angle and checked it over to find it an adequate natural shelter.
He took the mushroom and more dry wood and used the ember from earlier to successfully start a fire without all of yesterday’s exhausting efforts. While the fire sustained itself, Cage set out on a short excursion to drink and find something to eat. With the amazingly clear water so close he easily found more watercress, but he also located an unexpected treat. Over in an area of open space and high grass grew a large patch of wild strawberries. “Score!” he said and picked at them for some time till the gnawing hunger and peppery watercress taste vanished. He marveled at the difference between wild and grocery store strawberries for these were tiny in comparison, but no less delightful.
But before the sun began to vanish for another day he went in search for cordage and easily came upon thin vines perfect for what he had in mind.
Around the fire he sat as the temperature began plummeting again, but the angled, overhead tree blocked quite a bit of the wild forces of nature, but he made sure it wouldn’t catch fire by the smaller blaze that offered warmth, light and protection. The vines were still healthy and worked just as hoped. He first made it weave into a small carrier for what remained of the mushroom for easier travel. It was overtaxing trying to hold a crutch, walk and carry it. Without clothes or the gift of pockets, he had to make due. That took maybe an hour to complete and he had more free time since he already overworked his newfound freedom.
Rampaging thoughts were impossible to follow and became a nuisance. He needed a distraction and smiled as an idea began to form. Around lay many sharp rocks. He began gathering a pile of the larger than fist size variety. While night began setting in, the nearby area became disturbed by the sounds of stones bashing against each other. Cage began striking moderately sized stones against the larger ones, working out an idea he hadn’t done since he was a kid. Over the hours, many rocks were decimated, but one began to take shape as he wished. He began turning a smooth river rock into a crude knife. It wouldn’t be finished completely for another night or two of work, but it had a deadly sharp tip and a respectable grip with which to hold. The blade would only reach five inches, but would work for the next idea.
Then from out of nowhere came a large sound far in the distance from some kind of animal dispute. The sound put him on edge, especially when he heard the howling of wolves. He was in no position to protect himself properly, but keeping the new blade near gave some level of comfort.
Cage smiled as he leaned back and watched the new stars and moon for some time before falling asleep.

The next night, after going upstream and gradually more uphill, did he spot glowing eyes glaring at him while he continued carefully chipping and sharpening one side of the blade. “Now I know I’m not alone.” He decided as he watched the four pairs of eyes hiding in the brush. One pair winked out and the hairs on the back of Cage’s neck stood. Very slowly he turned his head around to see a pair of glowing eyes stalking up from behind. “Not tonight.” He declared quietly and gripped the handle of the knife in his right hand and the end of a burning log with the other. Cage knew he wouldn’t be able to run from these animals in the current condition of his lower extremities so he crossed his legs beneath himself, overriding the awkward pain they made.
“I hope you put up a good fight for I’ll not go down so easily.” He grinned at fighting the wolves, especially since he felt the lovely jolt adrenaline fortifying him and making everything clearer than usual. He could even hear their breath trying to be quiet as they stalked.
Without warning, the one from behind charged when it felt close enough to its prey, but as it came within Cage’s long reach and upper body strength, the knife hand slit the wolf’s throat. When the first attacked, the other three charged in, but the first to feel Cage’s wrath was hit by the solid flaming log. It yelped, but the other two continued pressing the attack. Cage pierced the ribs and heart of one, but its momentum and body knocked Cage flat on his back. Taking advantage, the last wolf pounced and sunk its teeth into the victim’s left collar. Intense pain tried gaining all thought, but Cage had been through much worse and his great pain tolerance allowed him to throw the dead one off, remove the blade and sink the tip through the wolf’s ear that bit down. It jerked momentarily and released his shoulder before dropping dead.
Fearing another attack, Cage sat up to find only the three he had slain. “Must have scared him off.” He decided while surveying all directions, making absolutely sure he wasn’t attacked from behind again.
When none came again he checked the wounds. The four canines obviously broke the skin as blood poured down his chest and back, but all the other healing injuries were from walking.
Slowly, he regained control of his ragged breathing and looked at the three woodsy colored wolves. They weren’t quite as large as those he’d seen on long missions, but they were larger than most large breed dogs. Lean bodies made them perfect for the terrain of the forest and made it so they could have so easily snuck up without making a sound. He sighed, realizing just how close he came to being a full course meal. “I better get moving. Where there are predators, there will be more and when they smell all the blood they will come right here. Apparently they haven’t learned to fear humans.”
It was even harder to stand with a wounded shoulder and make it support weight, but he pulled the knife free from the wolf’s ear and hobbled over to wash himself and the crude blade. About now he wished for a needle, thread and antibiotics, not knowing what would infect the fresh wound. But he didn’t know many medicinal plants in the area and hadn’t found any of the kind so far. “I’m going to have to wait, hope and see it doesn’t get infected.”
He returned to the fire, grabbed the vine and tied the knife to his hip and picked up a long branch afire, placed it between his teeth and used it to move away, but not before putting out what remained of the fire. Making sure to get away, Cage periodically turned around, but nothing followed from what he could tell. He moved upstream for another hour before building another fire.
As he sat down he looked at the wound again and noticed how it hadn’t stopped bleeding and the traveling hadn’t helped. “This is going to suck!” he decided while grabbing a burning stick. He blew out the flames, put a branch between his teeth and clamped down hard before placing the red hot stick against the first wound. Cage went rigid, veins and muscles popping from strain, but he held it there till the wound was cauterized shut. Sweat already coated his body and all the exertion kept all feeling of cold away. He put the stick in the fire to get it hot again and proceeded sealing the other bite wounds.
By the time he finished he passed out, not caring and hoping the animals learned a lesson.

The next morning Cage proceeded upstream and noticed it became much easier to walk, but still needed to rely on the walking-aids for balance. He made slightly better time and each step brought him closer to the small mountain.
By the noon hour, Cage had to stop and marvel at what stood before him. A grand waterfall flowed into a small lake which fed the gradually shrinking river. A cliff looked to show a rainbow mosaic from the constant mist the waterfall created as it spewed from two hundred feet above. Beside the grand waterfall were smaller ones. Trees, vibrant flowers and all manner of diurnal animals made the scene faultless. The roar of falling water did little to discourage anything about it. Beneath the rippling lake water was so clear he could see everything beneath it. Colorful fish swam almost happily and it put a smile on his face to forget all his recent hardships. Cage always hated how humanity decimated land for the natural scene before him was more beautiful than anything humans have or could ever create. He felt like he had come home.
“Perfect.” Was the only justified word.
As he stood there and marveled, something nagged at him till it gained the attention it needed. His eyes were drawn to where the largest, central fall met the lake to find an anomaly. The water looked to be hitting a rock, but its perfectly domed shape didn’t seem right. If experience and feelings dictated something wasn’t right, it usually isn’t. But something about the oddity seemed to want to draw Cage closer to it, but another part felt as if he weren’t ready and since it felt stronger, it kept him from getting close. Though he couldn’t fully shake off the draw it held in his mind.
He decided to stay there for the night and find a way up or around the cliff. After a filling meal of edible flowers and the white heel of the base of a cattail plant, he went skinny dipping, just like he had done since arriving. He swam in the more placid areas of the lake and it made working out his legs much easier while also giving resistance. Swimming felt ideal to gain muscle strength and definition very quickly. The water felt like swimming in a spring, but so long as he continued exercising, he didn’t get chilled.
But as he stopped for the night he began his real project and found a long, thick piece of hard wood from an old oak. With his stone knife he began carefully whittling an object into being. It would take time to truly function properly, but he began roughly carving out the two separate pieces that were equal and slightly larger than his fist. Time flew by as his focus turned the piece into two egg-shaped opposite halves that will fit together later. The shavings of wood became less bold and more meticulous as the pieces progressed. By the time he called it quits he had the outline finalized.

Three more days passed as Cage found a way to climb the mountain. His feet and legs hurt almost all the time, but had rapidly progressed, all things considering. He only relied on one crutch now and his balance greatly improved. The twig-like look they had before wasn’t quite so severe and the pooch his stomach had from loss of abdominal muscles had begun to tighten. Even his lower back was able to make trunk support much more easier. And to make everything seem insignificant so far he was able to stand straight, without any support. He couldn’t take a step without falling, but he stood nonetheless, an obvious improvement from almost a week ago.
Every night he worked on his pet project, finalizing its rounded, egg shape and adding eight personalized holes to what would become the top section. He rubbed gritty sand on its surface and inside to sand out the crude tool marks and washed it off in the shrinking stream later. Earlier today he found the peak source from where the river originated, a natural spring bubbled out from the mountainous side.
Then, for the first time, he reached the peak, glad that the low clouds didn’t obscure his view. “You have got to be kidding!” He yelled to no one and looked in every direction. “I’m on an island! A pretty big one…” Cage rubbed his eyes to make sure he wasn’t hallucinating, but he scanned the area from the highest vantage the island had and nothing obscured his view for as far as the eye could see. All around him sat brilliant blue water and a never ending breeze. Then he kept turning and saw a solid black line in the eastern direction.
Just to make sure he wasn’t turned around or lost his bearings he used the Shadow Stick Method to determine direction since he didn’t have a needle or thin metal. Placing his lone crutch down, he marked the first shadow with a rock and waited a half hour to place another and determined he wasn’t wrong where land lay far to the east, but within sight.
While he waited for the sun to move the shadow, Cage surveyed where he now resided, taking everything in. Almost the entire island was covered in dense forest and certain parts were being rained on as the sea’s breeze pushed clouds across the land. He paid interest to everything, especially finding himself completely alone for there were no signs of fire or wide clearings from habitation. “I wonder if there are any people?” He wondered. Knowing it would get increasingly cold, but needing to stay here to keep an ideal vantage, he went around and collected enough to keep an ample fire going.
Then as night fell he felt hope as he watched the eastern shore for on the opposite bank came a faint, tiny orange flicker. Signs that there were either lights or a fire that meant habitation. He didn’t bother yelling for his voice wouldn’t carry so far, but he did add more fuel to build the flame into a bonfire. He hoped someone would see it soon.
Later he found lights sailing far in the west, but either they didn’t care to investigate or they didn’t see it. “It wouldn’t be the strangest thing to happen lately.”

Cage stayed atop the mountain for another day and began to notice something he missed yesterday. The currents around the entire island were a deathtrap and knew if anyone could see his signal they wouldn’t dare attempt it by risking their lives or a boat. The currents spiraled in unpredictable patterns and crashed into jagged rocks and reefs. Cage knew it would be suicide to attempt anything and the longer he watched the more he realized just how dangerous it is. He might spend the rest of his life here. “It won’t be the first time I’ve had to rely only on myself.” He decided with a shrug.
Later he saw another ship. It was a sail boat, but like the old movie kind with three masts, white sails and made of wood. He hoped it was just a piece of living history someone kept for posterity or to teach children, but he had a feeling it was the best way to sail here. Their path also didn’t veer anywhere near the island.
He decided it would be best to get a better view by the bank and began the long trip down the mountain, using the winding stream as a guide towards the sea.

A week later Cage arrived at the beach without the aid of the crutch, but used a small cane for emergencies. Every day he got stronger, but after years of being unused Cage had no alternative but to make sandals out of sanded wood and vine for soft feet. Still he gained more and more endurance to move further each and every day. Most of his original wounds had healed, but accidents happened and new ones always seemed to appear. Covering his pride and backside were large leaves from banana leaves for he got tired of branches and other things feeling him up. Tied at his hip were the trusty stone knife that hadn’t been needed since the last attack and his new ocarina.
His project finished as he found pine resin and used it as a glue to seal both halves, creating an ocarina that calmed the mind. He had been forced to leave the one the old man gave him behind. It took time to get the holes just right, but after some fine tuning he played a soft tune of his own making, almost singing to all that surrounded him. The ocarina was the only instrument he believed is as unique as he felt around others and would be as different and mesmerizing to be remembered. Its flutelike sounds were utterly exceptional and rare among any other commonly known wind instruments. The eight holes allowed for an almost infinite amount of sounds. But without modern equipment it was difficult to get it exactly right. Although it made wonderful melodies, it didn’t have the same clarity his old one had. Still, it occupied his nights without fail.
During the week he spotted more wildlife as he became more familiar with the new surroundings. There were plentiful songbirds, seagulls and an ecological sustainable amount of hawks to keep them in check. Deer, boar and other animals also called the place home. He found large cat prints several times, but the wolves had grown even more reclusive. After they saw Cage as a rival predator they kept away, only looking from afar when he spotted the glow in their eyes from the nightly fire.
Twice it rained, forcing him to take shelter in the stream and keep the fire alive by burying coals in a green banana tree leaf till it passed. The stream was exceptionally cold, but not nearly as much as being rained on and get chilled to the bone by wind.
Now came the roar of the sea to his ears as the waves crashed in sets. Salty sweet air assaulted and consumed all smells. White sand covered nearly everything with pieces of driftwood and vegetation lining the beach. “It’s even more violent than I remember. But I had given up hope to see the ocean like this. My chair wouldn’t ever allow me to do this.” And he reached down to take off the sandals and wiggle his toes in the sugary sand.
Cage sat down and wrapped his arms around his knees and sat there for a few hours, just enjoying and taking in the scene.
Eventually hunger got the better of him and he found a nearby coconut, peeled it on a tree spike and cracked it open to enjoy a delicious meal. But with all the exertion and muscle-gain, his appetite increased and six more tough coconuts later he found his fill and washed his mouth out with the milk.
To drink cleaner water, he dug a hole beside the river that flowed into the sea and allowed the sand to filter it and drank as the void filled. It was always tasty.
As the sun began to set for the day and he started another fire he declared for himself “Time to try something long overdue.” and stood without the cane.
Cage leaned forward and began to run. He made it only five steps before tumbling into the soft sand. He laughed “Faster than I’ve moved in years!” and pushed himself up to try again. This time he made six steps before making a mistake.
All night he ran back and forth, always near the fire so he could see.
Exhausted, he decided to push one more time and ran nearly a hundred steps as hard as he could, but suddenly tripped and saw he was about to be skewered by a piece of driftwood. All he could shout in time was “Turn!” and imagined the sharp piece of wood shift aside.
Like the time before, when he saw the large spark that started the first fire when he arrived, Cage felt the tingling sensation between his shoulders and watched as the stick shifted away by some unseen force.
Cage landed painfully and fought to keep conscious as he felt a wave of exhaustion double what he already felt. He barely managed to remain awake and breathed slowly to clear his blotchy vision. Alright, what just happened? He thought. How did the stick change direction away from the direction of the blowing wind. He felt his abdomen, where he landed somewhat safely on the driftwood. Did I do that? What other reason could there be? And what was that sensation… Cage shook his head to stay awake. “Too tired to think.”
And he half crawled back to the fire to lose the fight to remain lucid.

This time when Cage awoke he rose almost with half a day gone past. He hadn’t slept in once since being forced at the hospital, not wanting to miss a single day till his vengeance was complete. “Wha…” Then he began to remember what happened and sat up. He went through what happened dozens of times, but it all seemed impossible. He was missing some fact. “Of that I’m sure… That tingle…”
Cage reached behind to touch between his shoulder blades to feel nothing amiss, but he had felt it. “I need some mirrors…” thought about what he’d do with them and suddenly Cage felt the sensation between his shoulders again, but this time he saw someone’s face suddenly appear. The man had wild brown hair, black eyes, a straight nose and a thin beard, but his expression changed into shock. “Yah!” He yelled in surprise and out of reflex he jumped and punched the figure.
Just as suddenly it vanished and his fist passed through nothing but air. And as his arm returned he became tired again, as if he had traveled all day, but he didn’t see spots this time. He still dropped down and breathed heavily till he felt better.
There has to be a logical explanation as to what just happened. He thought. Who was that and how did he appear out of thin air? And the more he thought about the figure the more he recognized him. “Wait! That was me! Or more correctly, my reflection…” Cage rubbed his scruffy jaw and then wondered how he done it.
“I want a mirror?” he asked, but nothing happened.
Then he tried thinking of a mirror and asked again. Tingling reoccurred and an image of a head appeared. “I did it!” and the mirror image mimicked the movements in silence just like an actual mirror. The image began to grin as instantly as he did. Cage reached up to touch his face and it was a true mirror reflection, hanging in thin air. Then Cage noticed an oddity in the reflection’s left corner and spun around to meet an up close, face to face, image of himself, but he didn’t jump this time. He wanted to see what that tingling sensation on his back came from and turned back around quickly as he began to feel weaker and more light headed by the second. He moved and twisted around the stationary mirrors and opened his eyes in surprise for on his back was what looked to be a tattoo, but he never allowed ink to touch his flesh so he didn’t know where it came from.
The tattoo looked just like a sideways eight, the infinity symbol.
Dots began floating before his eyes and he said “How do I stop this?” as he felt faint. As he began thinking how to do it the mirrors simply vanished and he leaned forward to put his head between his knees, close his eyes and sit in the shade while he tried to recover. It took nearly a half hour before he opened his eyes, but a mild headache lingered. “Alright, how did I do that? It must have something to do with that tattoo on my back. But how did I see an image hanging in midair?”
After a day of sedentary speculation only one thing seemed to fit.
“Magic?”





Chapter 3

Cage eventually looked up and watched the horizon while warring with what he thought he knew and what he now new. Somehow he had been brought here by magic, healed of all injury and now he couldn’t dispute he just used it intentionally. Science has always said magic wasn’t real, but they couldn’t prove it with any form of empirical data. He wasn’t hallucinating or going crazy because such an elaborate setup is impossible to falsify. As a rationalist he believed in fact, but never saw true magic and here now he did it and felt the effects from the draining. Of course he had seen illusionists perform, but even as a small child he knew how they did the trick. There were countless books on ‘real’ magic, but none could truly perform it and there were thousands of fantasy novels and stories to entertain or scare children.
“I need to make sure.” He then did as he did before and pictured a small flame in the palm of his hand and as he spoke “Fire.” An orange flame the size of a marble came into being and the tingle told that he was using magic. He let the thought go and the flame winked out. It took five minutes to recover enough to think straight.
Well it’s conclusive, I’ve just done magic. Just what has happened to me? He thought. This is too much. “Sweet!” he crowed and laughed to himself. “What else can I do? Better not just yet… don’t want to wind up blacked out again. I’d be a sitting duck if the wolves found me after trying something stupid… Better just stick with the plan and regain strength and scout the island.” With that decided he tried standing, only to fall backwards from dizziness. The cane came in handy again and allowed him to walk around for an hour to fully process how drastic his perceptions had been changed. He went over and collected more fruit and edible plants to decide since most of the day had been spent he’d refuel and rest off the effects for that seemed to be how things worked. As he ate, the headache vanished and energy returned back to normal, well recently normal. All the sweet sugars seemed to help and he memorized that little detail for later. Night set in quickly and he broke out the ocarina to play, bringing the sounds of the ocean into harmony with his music.

Morning returned and Cage found himself feeling remarkably refreshed. Taking a day off to rest seemed to have excellent results. He stood up much more surely than he had all week. A quick stretch made him feel ready to take on the next challenge.
Cage bound the fire in a tightly packed tinder bundle so it could smolder without needing to be checked every few minutes. He then tied it to the vines that held the knife, sandals and instrument. For as long as he ran on the soft white sand he didn’t need foot protection since he already had blisters. Making everything sure it was secure, he had a quick idea and marked this location with three logs, plunged into the sand and leaning against each other. He made them stand out as something natured didn’t do on the beach, but kept it far above the tide that he had watched these past two days.
Alright let’s see how long it takes to do a round trip. He thought while picking up the cane.
Not one to take things easy, except with magic at this point, Cage gritted his teeth and began to run with everything he had within. He surprised himself as he began to run over a hundred steps before requiring the cane to keep him from tripping. He remembered taking college courses under a false name and identity at a community college, sometimes to learn for himself or for a mission. He remembered a medical class that focused primarily on human movement. Cage began slightly modifying how he stepped and it began to make running much more smooth. A routine began to emerge as he’d run hard and walk it off till he recovered his breath and pushed harder. After he believed he moved about five miles did his legs give out altogether.
He rested for an hour before tearing up the ground again.

Two weeks passed before Cage finally saw the marker and smiled. “Success.” But then he remembered the journey to reach the human size wooden monument. Luckily the island’s beach is mostly uniformed white sand, with a few jagged areas and tide pools that required the use of the wooden sandals. But as he ran he studied the currents and reefs to realize there is absolutely no safe place to enter or exit. Hardly depressed, he fell on his back to rest in the shade as the sun burned brightly overhead.
About four days ago Cage no longer relied on the cane, but hadn’t let it go for it proved invaluable as a spear to knock down coconuts or help dig up edible roots and tubers. He could now run a whole mile before collapsing or slowing down and only once did he take a full day to break from the challenge and rest his weary body.
Cage sat up and looked at his legs to see a visible difference. His knees no longer appeared knobby and his calves and quads were nearly a healthy, respectable size. Even his abdominal muscles had tightened up to almost be flat again. His chest and arms hadn’t changed in the least. “I’m almost back.”
He rested for the day and set out for another circuit in the morning, but from the opposite way, hoping for a different perspective to the confining situation.

Over the next two months Cage saw obvious improvements in how fast he became and how quickly his legs transformed from living twigs to lean and athletic limbs to be proud of once again. What once took two weeks now took little more than two days to completely circle the island. It had become almost too easy to run on the soft, even sand. Cage’s endurance developed so quickly he could run for miles and not get winded to the point of collapse. The sun started becoming a problem, but he smeared coconut oils from the meat and it acted like natural sunscreen. That was till his tan turned golden.
He looked to the mountain and decided to make it the next big challenge.
Taking no time to consider alternatives, Cage tore into the island without the least sign of hesitation. The river helped keep him from losing his way, especially since all the beginning springtime growth had come into full, lush vegetation, completely changing the feel of the land he journeyed on so few weeks ago.
Twice he slipped on slick stones, but caught himself before falling. Then he’d charge ahead without slowing. Jumping became easier, especially when it became necessary from other streams that bled into the main one he paralleled.
Cutting around a curve he tumbled over something large, soft and more surprised than he. Startled limbs tangled, but after a quick roll, the human found himself flat on his back. Cage got his arms under the creature and threw it over him before he ended up hurt. He then brought his heels up and threw them out while pushing with his arms to stand instantly. He spun around and stopped cold. “I just tripped over a…” mountain lion! He thought the last of the sentence.
Sputtering, splashing and yowling a roar, the large feline righted itself in the shallows of the river. First he minded his business, just getting a nice drink of water and suddenly found himself soaking wet and switched into a foul mood.
The almost adult cat was just as large as the wolves earlier, but frighteningly more deadly when alone. The wet feline didn’t take long to find Cage as the culprit to his moist situation. Its hair of its neck stood on end and bared its teeth, a frightening display to most.
Cage grinned as he felt the call of battle and rush of adrenaline coursing through his veins. Most people who are unaccustomed to the charge of adrenaline experience perspective slowness or say time practically stopped, but Cage was so used to it, it simply gave clarity to what was all around him and focus to fight a worthy opponent. “Here, Kitty Kitty!” He taunted joyously and the mountain lion charged out of the water and swatted at Cage as he tested himself now that he knew he could move properly again, but the strike only caught air as he moved back a half step. Training in hundreds of fighting styles came flooding into Cage. He feared that when there came a need he wouldn’t remember, but all the pain, struggles and muscle memory returned fully to fortify him against any adversary and save his life.
When the swipe failed, the animal wasn’t used to prey not running away for him to chase, let alone sprint headfirst into combat. Survival of the fittest is the basic law and Cage loved the excitement such a situation presented. It’s how he lived, life and death meant everything. If you survive one more moment than your opponent then you were honoring the defeated by keeping them in your memory, remembering them as they were in their final moment. A good fight always brought out the best in Cage and he looked forward to throw himself into the fray. A quick smack on the pink nose and lightning strike elbow to the jaw stunned the beast for but a moment. Cage leaned back as it roared and swiped again, but didn’t get out of reach quick enough and received four long scratches to his right chest, but not before kicking up into the mountain lion’s throat. Before it had time to recover, Cage moved in behind, grabbed it’s long golden tail, lifted and kicked with all he had in the cat’s balls.
It had an instant reaction, unknown fear and manly pain.
“Alley-op!” And Cage leaned back while spinning to lift the feline and throw it clear across the river, landing in the shallows. The cat looked at him with wide eyes before running away for its very life.
As it disappeared into the thick brush Cage laughed, hard, enjoying the feeling of his first true successful fight against a worthy opponent and the feeling he had truly become whole if he could fight equally against such a being and wear the wounds on his chest in pride. He sat down and patted his legs, silently thanking them for returning and supporting him without fail. He understood if the situation were any different it might have ended with either more wounds or even his end if he were the one attacked.
The chest wounds burned with pain and blood flowed freely down his torso. He cleaned it with the water and saw the marks were only slightly deeper than necessary to spill blood, but it didn’t reach muscle. A simple flesh wound. He moved to the water and began tending to the wound while endorphins dulled the pain enough for him to work quickly.
Adrenaline receded and left him feeling remarkably calm. Cage reflected on the battle, remembering every miniscule movement the two made and if there was to be another encounter he would know how to react. The greatest factor to the survival of the fight is that the mountain lion wasn’t yet full grown.
Cage waited till the wound was flushed clean and stopped bleeding before continuing his run, but with much more caution and a better grip on his cane.

After bedding down for the night, and repairing both sandals for morning, Cage arose to find the cat’s scratches scabbed over and there weren’t any signs of infection. He got up and began running again, quickly feeling the effects of varying terrain. It became increasingly harder to keep an even pace and it pushed his reactions to their limit.
Cage returned to the majestic waterfall and lake to marvel at it for awhile. Again he felt the pull to that odd spot. It was doubly more tantalizing, but he still didn’t feel ready to get near. It seemed to want him and didn’t make his gut feel queasy like something with malevolent intent. It felt patient and would wait till he felt ready. He knew deep down he wasn’t. Not yet.
Several hours later he powered up the mountain and reached its grassy peak. He stayed up there again for a whole night, seeing the few lights far to the eastern land. Nothing had changed since his last visit except that he was exceptionally stronger and could truly defend himself. More old style sailboats sailed the sea to the west, usually one or two a night and they still didn’t seem to pay attention or attempt any form of curiosity.
After light came back, Cage ran down the opposite side of the mountain, finding more variety to his diet and other interesting locations. Once such place was a cave on the mountain that stood several uneven inches above Cage’s six foot six height. It went in about ten yards and didn’t have any signs of animal habitation. It was dry and didn’t smell at all. It is the very first place he found as a proper shelter and living for the past few months made him come to understand the climate and how often it rains. He decided to make the northern cave his home when in the area and was easy to find again. By nightfall he reached the ocean and coming morning turned around.

For the next two weeks Cage ran back, forth and everywhere around the island to learn all it had to offer. Once he came across the big cat again and when it saw him it bolted for its life and appeared to be hiding its genitals. It would never forget their last encounter, giving it a healthy respect for human kind and just who is the top dog on the island. When it became easier to run hard on the changing terrain he returned to the waterfall paradise that drew him, but still avoided the oddity.
Cage stayed off to one side of the vertical cliff and began rock climbing, free-style. Several times he fell off, wasn’t seriously hurt. The worst injury was a fractured coccyx that wouldn’t allow him to sit properly for weeks and a sprained ankle made him rest for a day before trying another climb again.
It took about three days to figure out how to do it again. Then he did the hardest part, climbing back down. It took three times as long to descend the two hundred foot wall than to ascend.

When he felt confident he had regained sufficient muscle tone and experience did he begin practicing all the fighting styles and moves that could be done alone. Some required partners to spar with, but he made due with a wooden punching bag, a log for flipping end over end, doing squats, dead-lifts and bench pressing. Many of the moves felt awkward since he hadn’t used them is so very long. He decided to work out every morning and rest for a few hours before trying something he couldn’t possibly forget.
In the shade of large trees and situated beside him were fruits, vegetables and water. “Last time I used magic, food seemed to help.” He remembered. Before him sat materials for ideas he had made since the initial monumental discovery. “It also worked better when I wasn’t already exhausted. Now what should I begin with?”
He mulled it over and came to a decision.
Cage turned his hand upwards and did as he did before and conjured a flame. Again he felt the tingling sensation that tells he is using magic while also sensing how he became slightly tired so long as he keeps the flame alive. He tossed the flame at the tender bundle he created and it caught almost instantly. When it did he quit using magic and the sensation ended as did the growing exhaustion.
“Water.” He said and watched as a bubble of water gathered in his hand, coming from the nearby river. He felt the different draw of energy it took to hold the water’s shape and keep it afloat. It was only mildly easier, but he couldn’t hold it aloft for long as he grew weaker and let it splash in his hand and on his crossed legs.
He began to munch on the fruit he brought and rested. Like last time, it helped as he hoped and regained his faculties within a half hour, but he still felt exhausted from what the magic extracted. He wanted to test the limits and made another spell, as he remembered the name for the use of applied magic, and this time he wasn’t surprised to see a reflection appear in thin air.
His beard had grown thicker since the last time and the magic was infinitely easier to maintain than a basic primary element for the mirror wasn’t really there. He had sharpened the stone knife carefully over the past few days in preparation for this and began the painful task of shaving. In the first swipe he bit the skin and drew a line of blood. “Ouch.” And changed the angle. Cage wished for a proper blade of metal with a razor’s edge, but he’d have to make due.
By the time he got off most of the uncomfortable beard and trimmed his hair, overuse of magic left him gasping for breath, nearly blacking out, but looked much better before making the image vanish.
Again he ate, but it did little to help and he couldn’t remain awake for long.
Sizzling hissing gained Cage’s attention as cold gripped him and he awoke in the middle of the night to a rainstorm. Great. He thought and slowly stood, feeling the effects still weakening him. But not so much that he couldn’t move beneath a leafy plant that blocked much of the rain. It passed in a half hour, but in that time it killed the fire that had kept him warm and safe and he decided when morning arrived that he’d experiment in the cave to keep from getting soaked again.
He did just that.
Another morning workout helped calm and relax the body and mind and Cage used magic to lift a stone the size of a marble and did so. “Float away.” He told it and it did as he imagined, but as it did he felt the drain increase more rapidly and when it reached about a hundred feet it began to shake from the difficulty Cage felt in maintaining something at a distance. He kept seeing how far he could push it and it progressed another yard or two before dropping to the ground as he lost all consciousness.
Half hour later he awoke, groggy. Light stung his eyes. He felt drunk with a hangover, but had only experienced it once to see what it would be like. All the senses were raw and the sounds grated against the nerves the most. The fire at the mouth of the cave still burned and by how much they burned made it easy to determine just how long he’d been out. “So this is what it feels like when you push to the limit. Better eat something.”
When he felt better he lifted his hand and commanded “Give me an orb of light the size of a light bulb, without giving off heat and will last for an hour.”
An orb appeared in his hand and he gave it a gentle squeeze to feel it had an actual substance like a balloon. The comforting cave lit with the intensity of a hundred watt bulb, but gave off not even the hint of warmth like he wanted and was easier to create than fire. But then he felt the immense draw of magic flowing into the orb he palmed. It greedily kept consuming more and more and it began to cause great worry. “Come on, stop! I order you!” but it didn’t heed warning as it continued filling the light.
Hope began dwindling by the second as he felt his life get sucked out of him, but a half minute after the casting of a spell the draw and tingle came to an abrupt end. Cage stood on his hands and knees as the orb dropped and bounced lightly on the ground. He breathed in gasps, fighting the headache and weakness that wracked the whole body. Several minutes later he sat and leaned against the wall, trying to not stare directly at the light that had almost cost his life in its creation.
The orb found its way into his hand and he began thinking aloud, as if taking mental notes. “Creating, maintaining or moving magic has different draining costs. It really isn’t all that hard to use magic, but if I’m not careful I might actually kill myself just to experiment. Distance also has an effect on objects and the closer I am to the object the less strain and vice versa. Light uses less than fire which does create light, but also makes heat. I can also give life to magic and give over more strength if I need it to sustain itself. After giving it more to sustain itself and it doesn’t keep siphoning from me, I don’t need to concentrate to keep it alive. I wonder if I can alter my orb after it has been purposed…” he began thinking on what he wanted to happen, but thought better. “I’d like to see if it lasts the hour like it is supposed to.”
He sat it down on the opposite side of the cave to rest, ate slowly and watch the orb. Its light was strange as Cage watched the creation. The light it gave off was truly uniform and didn’t have a pulse one would imagine or weaken its light like objects on Earth would when the batteries run low. And as it had been worded the light made it an hour and began to shrink while its light dimmed till it winked out all in two or three seconds. “Interesting, now let’s try it again…”
Cage remembered quite well what happened, but felt he had enough to do it again. He focused, spoke exactly as last time and an precise orb came to be as if it had never vanished. He felt much weaker than before, but remained lucid. After recovering he picked up the orb and stared right at it. “Dim the light so the energy I gave you lasts until morning.” Felt the tingle in his back and watched closely as the ball shrank to half its size and a tenth of its brightness. Firelight overwhelmed the luminescence of the orb as the outside world went into another night, but it continued glowing. “So I succeeded… if I need to, I know I can just as easily feed the orb if I need it for longer than its original creation. Tomorrow I’ll see if it will allow me to absorb what I put into it, but first…” Cage decided to add another spell atop the last longevity spell, as he decided to call it. “If I’m not awake by first light, flash bright like the sun.” the orb shrunk a half inch again, but didn’t dim.
He placed it on a small ledge in the cave and easily fell asleep.

An intense bright light startled Cage and his eyes were blinded for several minutes and he went over to blindly feel where he had left the orb to find it had disappeared, doing as he made it.
He still felt internally tired, but otherwise fine. He did another intense exercise routine and scouted around to gather more food from different locations so that he didn’t deplete any one area just because he was lazy. Eating another meal, he continued figuring out how to word what he wanted and how to got the desired effects. Cage was more than used to complex ideas and it felt good to do so again. There was no right, wrong or one way about anything and he had learned it is exactly the same thing for what he was beginning to learn and the possibilities he now had in his already impressive arsenal.
He tried absorbing a half hours worth of what he put into the orb and it was proving difficult, but he managed to only take back only a minute or two’s worth, but usually it made the orb wink out. He tried manipulating different colors and had easy success and found the darker blues green and reds lasted minutes longer than the brighter yellows, oranges and white by making a second orb with the same time allotment. He even made a black light that made the whiter colors pop more uniquely.
Cage felt content to experiment with light for a few days and found it became marginally easier to use the more he practiced, just like he did when learning to walk and fight again.
After he learned all he could think to do with light and orbs he began learning how to defend himself if attacked. He picked up a stone once and made a variation to his levitation spell he done the time before. “Fly straight and true into that tree.” And the magic poured into the small rock and without a sound he threw the rock and felt it speed up to a bullets velocity before the magic stopped being applied. The rock made a thump, imbedding itself several inches into the trunk, exactly in the center he carved. Cage became excited “Don’t have to worry about running out of ammunition.” And looked at the ground, grinning. “Sand, collect into a cone shape, compress together and speed like a bullet into the ring above the bull’s-eye.” He watched as he felt the familiar effects of working magic and saw a sand-bullet form and with a thought, saw it fly exactly where he wanted it, but since it was weaker it didn’t go in nearly as deeply as the rock, but it did pierce the bark. “What if I used my magic without relying on a rock? Hmm… I got it!” he raised his hand and faced his palm at the tree and said “Fire a solid piece of magic capable enough to rival any bullet.”
This time he watched a pure black dot grew as it was fed. The energy required was immense and made his legs go weak, but still it grew to a two inch cone and seemed to feel harder than steel. The tingling changed as the pure black bullet of magic ceased to eat for its making, but began to build up energy around its backside and unlike the time before with the rock, the black bullet made a dull crack as it fired and around it for a split-second was a white puff which Cage knew to be the sound barrier. The bullet fired, flying faster than the eye could follow.
Cage dropped to his knees as he had done too much again, but a minute later stood and wanted to see the results of the havoc he wrought. His jaw dropped as he saw a half inch hole, dead center where the rock had been, and a perfect hole cut through the tree. Behind it, where it exited, opened a three inch exit wound with splinters standing out. He followed the path to find it had pierced through two more trees and three feet of solid boulder before flying off somewhere. “Definitely a last resort.” He vowed. “Making my own bullets will do way more harm than I’m comfortable with. I’ll stick to the plentiful ammo at my feet.”
Then the constant nagging he’d felt for months began to almost call out to him. He couldn’t help remembering the paradise and felt… ready. The personal hesitation had disappeared entirely. His body felt strong and for the past few days he had grown more comfortable with what he could do. The draw became tantalizingly impossible to resist or deny. An addiction.
He went back to the cave to retrieve his ocarina, knife and wooden sandals. He ate and rested enough to make the journey over the mountain.

By the next morning he arrived at the amazing location and looked over the scene from high above. He stood at the lip of the cliff and through the journey he wondered how to get close to the strange oddity that he couldn’t forget for it was the only thing on the island that seemed unnatural. He stood beside the largest waterfall and watched as it showed its unbelievable power. He watched for minutes, confirming there wouldn’t be any way to get anywhere near close enough without the waterfall’s current pushing him away or worse, under. Almost as if it mocked him for what he had planned. “You might be stronger, but not nearly as smart.” He chuckled and began searching. The ground at his feet was nothing but solid granite that would be impossible to dig into and he knew it would be foolish to use a spell to even make it easier or turn to sand. But over several yards away he found large boulders approximately his own size. Ideas began springing to mind and one won out. He grabbed two sturdy branches and dozens of straight, rolling kinds and plenty of healthy vine.
He began to work, lifting one side of rock with all he had and used magic to successfully place the two earlier sticks as modified sleds beneath and wrapped the end of the vine several times around the bulk. He lowered the end as the physical and magical exertion left him weak, but did the job of four individuals in a matter of minutes. While he sat to rest he began braiding the vines to increase their individual strength and not snap the first time he tugged.
Recovered enough, he placed the rolling logs in one direction and pushed on the end of the boulder. “Go up!” he growled as he pushed with all his legs had and a moment later the sleds jumped onto the track he made. Cage dropped, skinning his knees slightly, but not breaking the skin. He knelt, recovering from the strain of the last move.
Afterwards he pushed and the effort required was much less and the heavy stone would have been if he had to impossibly lift or dread dragging it. The only issue was not trying to trip on the logs as they passed under. In less than a minute he forcibly pushed the large granite slab into the rushing water, but grabbed the rope before it got sucked down the fall. He watched as the stone sunk several feet into the rapid flowing water and ran upstream to jump up and use tree limbs to cross the water. On the other side he found a solid protrusion in the stone and wrapped one side of the vine around it. He then began to inch the stone through the water till it reached the center. Its large size created a disturbance, but not enough of one to do anything meaningful. Ending the day, he cut the vines at the bank since it couldn’t be unbound without seeing and picturing the knot he made.
The next day he pushed another large stone, half the original’s size, but still humanly impossible to lift, and pushed it into the water.
It took three days total to move rocks and make the rushing water split at its mouth. As he saw the void he cheered “Success!” and half-ran to the closest path to safely reach the lake below. It took a half hour.
Cutting through the brush, Cage looked at his handiwork and smiled. Up above he had practically cut a knife into the water, creating two waterfalls out of one. Moisture still clung into the smooth wall where the water did its work over centuries, but what brought Cage’s brow together was at the base. Open to the world was a huge cave that had been covered by the ever rushing water. “But what made the slightly protruding dome?” he wondered for a minute. “Cave’s cannot do something like that…” But his adventurous personality got the better of him for here was a huge, uncovered cave he hadn’t found in all the time he had been here. “Time for a dip I suppose.” He untied his ocarina and sandals to leave on the lake’s bank, but placed the handle of his knife between his teeth for the moment.
He dove into the cool water and swam freely to enjoy the experience while heading to the cave. But as he got closer he felt a familiar tingle, but he wasn’t doing magic. He floated in place for some time, thinking about what he felt and knowing he wasn’t the cause. Whatever is happening was larger than any magic he had done to date. Still feeling the draw to the cave, he swam closer, but at a crawl since he could fall into a trap he didn’t know about.
Reaching within five yards of the mouth Cage looked down to see land beneath and stood with the water up to his ribs. He walked forward, not able to hear anything from the water falling to either side. Cage looked at the cave while trying to figure out what to decide. It was pitch black and the afternoon sunlight barely revealed thirty feet. The top reached over two stories in height and thirty across, but what really made things odd was that it was perfectly smooth on the walls, roof and floor and couldn’t have been made by nature for nothing in nature grows or is carved so perfectly. Nature’s beauty lies in its differences, not uniformity.
Cage took a few steps and the water lowered to his ankles. With another step he jumped back in surprise when he ran into something solid. “What did I just hit?” He asked as he reached forward. Another step brought his hands onto something that felt as glass, but its touch sent the tingling more entirely through his body and felt like he had been charged with static electricity. He let go and the feeling lessened, but not for long as he touched again. He pushed with both hands, but it didn’t give in the least. It might have been easier to lift the first boulder than to push against the invisible barrier.
“Open?” he asked while thinking the barrier would open, but didn’t happen as he planned. The tingle on Cage’s back from his own magic instantly had an effect, for with an audible pop like the opening of a champagne bottle, it broke. As the solid, smooth barrier vanished a huge wave of old, stagnant air rushed out and forced Cage to gag and had to swim out and away while air exchanged and did what it had to. A half hour passed before the whole area smelled as pleasant as usual, meaning the cave had aired out.
He swam back to the entrance to feel a tingle again, but not as intense. Cage stepped into the cave as the first obstacle didn’t bar the path anymore. Fresh air kept exchanging with the old and the smell lessened. He listened, but could only hear an echo from the falls. He put both fingers in his mouth and loosed a high pitched whistle and waited for bats, but none came. He doubted there would be any for the air alone spoke of a sealed area that nothing could pass.
Several steps brought him into the edge of light and knew he couldn’t make a torch to bring along so he made an orb of dull white light and held it aloft to look deep into the darkness. Nothing could be determined except it went straight and remained the same dimensions through the tunnel. Not sensing anything except the dull magic ahead and the one emanating on his back.
He pushed ahead, slowly. It took little time to adjust to the weaker light in his hand and the gripped knife in the other.
The tunnel went deep into the mountain, but its construction was so perfect that there wasn’t even a leak. All that made the travel unsettling is he couldn’t see further than several dozen feet and the lingering stale smell.
Hours later something had changed in the darkness.
Light up ahead made the one in his hand useless. The light was pure white, almost welcoming. He knew it wasn’t natural light by the color and sensations that grew the closer he approached.
“Hello! Is anybody in there?” He shouted, not wanting to walk in upon someone working on whatever it is that he felt. But no response came. He still kept walking to the light coming from around a slight left curve. Slowly Cage found the end to the tunnel and felt his jaw drop involuntarily.
Around the corner lay an open room over a hundred feet high and hanging fifty feet above the ground was a white orb like the one he uses, but looked to be taller than he and hovered in place, not moving or doing anything else. But the light wasn’t the object giving off the constantly growing feeling. 
On the floor of the huge three hundred foot, circular cavern lay two lone pedestals with nothing else in the room except emptiness. The pedestals were of three feet in height, perfectly circular and made out of the same dark granite as the rest of the cave and mountain. But one had a large, clear object and the other had four floating objects. The pull became greater and seeing no one around Cage slowly entered the room.
“Taylu, na era!” Cage jumped nearly out of his very skin as a disembodied voice came from behind. He spun around and pulled his fists and knife up, taking a fighting stance.
Before Cage stood something that shouldn’t exist. Death was the end and nothing existed after from what he knew to be true. Once again he had to rethink what is real or what wasn’t. At the entrance stood a man, but one without flesh or true substance. Shades of white gave definition and clarity to the ghost that wore a deep smile, like something had been lifted from him. The translucent ghost was a man who appeared young, like Cage. It is impossible to tell hair or eye color, but he was a handsome figure who wore what looked like a robe, but not for bathing, for common use like they did a long time ago. It looked so lifelike he wondered absently if it were even real or some kind of projection made of magical properties because he quickly glanced at the walls to not find any projectors or lasers capable of creating such a person. Spindly arms were outstretched as he bowed while saying “Meni lo orim, witero se uila n madie Ceembura.” And he arose with the smile slowly fading as he took in Cage’s defensive stance. “Qea tena?”
“What the hell is going on?” Cage demanded slowly, not knowing how to react in the compromising situation or if he could fight a ghost. Flesh he could strike, whatever it was made up of certainly didn’t appear to be touchable.
“Ah…” the ghost said and tapped his chest meaningfully, yet not a sound came from the drumming. “Ceembura.” And he pointed to Cage, not moving or coming any closer to appear threatening.
Cage’s hostility abated and stood calmly, but highly aware of everything the spirit did. In a response he tapped his own chest to say “Cage.”
Ceembura smiled broadly again “Cage.” and then pointed behind where Cage stood. “Keema.” And then mimed sliding something up an arm.
Cage turned around to merely glance, but suddenly he found Ceembura standing between the pedestals. He did the obvious and looked back to find where the ghost first stood to find him missing. “Cage… keema.” He turned around again to find Ceembura pointing to the pedestal with floating objects. Reluctantly he approached where the other man stood and took a closer look at what floated.
The four objects were floating, dancing in complex patterns like flying, black, snakes that never touched. Magic in the room felt like thousands of insects crawling all over him, but he was too intrigued. The closer look revealed the objects to be made of a substance that looked like flesh, cloth and something he couldn’t describe, but were pure black in the orb’s light. There were two nearly identical pairs of soft boots that would reach the calves and two gloves long enough to encompass an entire arm.
Ceembura pointed not a foot from Cage’s chest to the almost living objects and back again.
Taking the hint, Cage reached forward and caught one of the boots and the other man seemed joyous. Ceembura began miming for him to put it on his feet.
Cage placed both sides of his hands to either opening and slipped his left foot into the cavity and found it to be a perfect fit, almost fitting like a second skin, but was so soft on his bare feet he couldn’t believe such footwear could be so perfect. As he touched it his fingernail scratched the fabric’s surface, but it felt as if he scratched his nails on reinforced steel. He reached forward and put on the other boot without any prodding for he would wear these new footwear and know his feet wouldn’t keep being torn up like usual. As he put the other on he noticed how seamless the objects were. The materials were strong as steel, but behaved like customized clothes. Nothing Cage had ever come across could have such properties. They could have only been made by magic he couldn’t even begin to comprehend how.
He then grabbed one of the floating long gloves to find something different about it as it went lifeless when coming off the pedestal. On the backside of where the hand would be were two solid objects set inside an engraving of what appeared to be an accurate representation of a grinning human skull. A closer look at the display showed the pieces to be some kind of black gemstone cut into an octagonal design, a half inch wide from nearly every angle and sat within the skull for its eyes. Cage looked to Ceembura to find him nodding for him to continue.
Shrugging, he slipped it on and found the sleeve stretched all the way to cover the entire shoulder. He looked at the backside of his hand to see the awesomely carved skull rested perfectly there with the jawbone brushing just behind where his knuckles protruded. The entire arm was covered by the material.
Lastly the remaining glove slipped on, having an identical skull and gemstones engraved on the back of his hand.
When all four parts were equipped something unexpected happened. The individual pieces made a sucking sound and Cage dropped to his knees and cried out in intense pain as they began burning every inch of covered skin. The four eyes twinkled slightly and the most intense tingle yet emanated from them and felt like lightning coursed through him, but the most intense pain exploded in his head, blurring every sense.
It felt like hours of agony passed, but it suddenly ended and he felt a jarring pain happen in his knees as they slammed into the solid floor.
“Can you understand me now?” Ceembura asked with some hesitation.
“What…?” he asked and grabbed both sides of a throbbing headache.
“The pain shall pass in but a moment.” He promised.
A small feeling appeared and all the pain began to diminish. It lasted only long enough to see straight. He shook his head and stood. As he did he saw Ceembura also stand. It took a moment to clear his thoughts to ask “What just happened?”
“Many things, but from the contexts of recent events your very brain has been manipulated so you can speak my language without spending months and years learning all a language has. Also the physical, burning pain you felt was the bonding process.”
“Wait! I can understand you!” Cage asked and smiled. “How?”
“Allow me to go back a bit, Sir Cage.” He then bowed again with open arms. “I am Ceembura, once a first class sorcerer and the very creator of your new equipment.”
“My what?” and Cage crossed his arms and gasped. “Something’s changed.”
“Fear not! They have done what they were meant to do. What you now feel has become one with your flesh. The gauntlets and boots are now one with you and nothing, not even death can separate you from my gift. They have become what your flesh was. Details on how it has been achieved will take far too long to explain on how they’ve bonded, but you can feel and sense things as your nervous system always has, but no weapon can cut, pierce, corrode or damage your arms and feet. Fire though will still burn your flesh, but your now well protected.”
Cage went to open his mouth, but Ceembura silenced him with a look. “Wait till I finish speaking about what you now wear and if I’m strong enough I’ll answer your questions if I can.” Cage nodded and the spirit continued. “Five thousand years ago I created what is now part of you. I spent three hundred years making them perfect and layering spells so intricate that I doubt anyone before or after has ever done. For simplicity’s sake just know I made them for myself, but I wasn’t worthy of their choice so I hid and protected them here since my passing the five thousand or so years ago. I wanted them to want me, but one spell, the last one I made upon them, was to find a person who knew Death intimately, could understand it and overcome any hardship the worlds had to throw. I believed I knew what it meant to know and be Death, but I was wrong. But several years ago I felt a thread of magic come from these gauntlets for the first time.
“Do not make a mistake my of words and think them alive for they were just tools searching for a worthy owner. Even one such as I can sense they have depleted all that they had and are empty.
“I followed the thread, but couldn’t go to where they must have found you. The magic stayed small, unnoticeable, but I believe it was sensing you and trying to determine if you could wield them properly. But a short time ago a huge surge of focused mana came from them on a scale I didn’t believe them possible of making…” He tapped his chin without making any grating sounds that would occur in flesh. “I guess the diamonds must have been storing and gathering mana over these past millennia so it had enough strength to bring you from wherever it did.”
“I came from a planet called Earth, if that helps.”
Ceembura’s jaw dropped. “Impossible.” He sounded out in near denial before looking away and cocking his head as if someone was speaking to him. This lasted about a minute till he smirked and continued speaking aloud. “But the amount that would be required would be needed…” He shook his head so quickly it dispersed broke apart for a moment, like mist parting before coming together. He went back to seeming as if he were listening to someone again before continuing. “Nevertheless, my time grows short and my strength fails.
“When you arrived here, I watched over you and what you’ve overcome to reach this point and it has made me realize something very important. I was wrong.
“Death isn’t what I believed for all these years and in all my time I’ve finally understood, but the arms will not choose someone who is already dead. Out of billions upon billions of humans to have lived over the years, I have never seen someone quite like you and I now know the equipment chose the perfect host. I watched over you where neither you or anything could sense me, but every action and word you made I haven’t missed… though I didn’t understand your language. What I’ve learned from observation is, after they healed all injury in your body, that you were alone, but overcame limitations I believe no other in a similar situation could have. I feared when the wolves attacked, but couldn’t do anything, but didn’t have to as you took care of four. And I laughed so freely when you fought the mountain lion. The speed at which you’ve come to learn the art magic has led me to believe you haven’t done it before.
“With all I have watched these months I now know why you are the better choice. I didn’t know what the real meaning of hardship is or how even the mundane is important, like urinating on a tree.” Ceembura laughed unabashedly and for once Cage joined him at remembering how good it felt to do so. “Death isn’t the end, but it can’t be stopped, just like your progress and recovery. You physically and psychologically overcame the impossible to reach this point and now I can say with certainty is that the truest meaning of death is the struggle of life. You, my dear Cage, embody the very essence of death in the living.
“From this point onward I hereby bestow you the honorable title of Lord Death.”
Cage stood in silence for over a minute, trying to absorb, process and understand all that the man said. As he stood and contemplated he noticed Ceembura wasn’t as clear and sharp in feature as he had first been. Cage got the very real feeling that the first person to give him a decent conversation was beginning to weaken. Quickly he thought to ask “Ceembura, what you say is true about me, but you give too much credit. Doesn’t everyone believe as I do or have had similar circumstances before?”
“That is the thing now isn’t it?” The spirit gave a small smile. “To answer your question, the only answer is no. You are utterly unique and only someone of your true rarity was worthy of your new flesh. I never did anything lightly or incomplete, especially when making mystical objects. You alone were chosen, the only one to be so fortunate for thousands of years. For a long time I worried that there would never be a successor, but you stand before me now and I’m pleased more than you’ll understand. Through my creations I feel as though you have become my son.”
“You said something about diamonds earlier. Are these eyes actually diamond?” he quickly asked.
“Indeed they are. Those rarest kind of all. Those four you now wear are truly flawless black diamond. Like your new arms they too will never break or be damaged so long as you live. I never like relying on weapons that could be taken so I decided to make these so that they can’t and will always be ready.”
“Good thing for you I prefer unarmed combat.” Cage grinned while making a fist to find making it as natural as it had always been. He then felt the small bite from his fingernail scratching the palm. “I have many concerns about wearing something that won’t come off, but my biggest two are how I’ll need to trim or bite off a fingernail since it too seems to have been changed and how will my skin breathe?”
“Take a very close look at your nails first while I explain.” Cage did so. “Your fingernails have been repaired and trimmed to the ideal man’s length, rounded as it naturally would, but it will not continue to grow anymore since the binding succeeded. They won’t even be able to crack or be ripped out if you are tortured.” Cage looked up for but a moment and smiled appreciatively. “Now as to skin breathing, the gauntlets and boots have truly become your skin and if you look close enough you can see your tiny pores that’ll allow sweat or whatever else the flesh needs to do without interfering in the body’s natural needs.” Ceembura’s voice began to lose its clarity and intensity and Cage asked what was wrong. “Just know it isn’t good for a spirit to stay as I have been for a prolonged time. I feel as if I have enough strength for one final question.”
“Alright, what I really want to ask is about this whole magic business, but I can already understand it is a vast subject that will be impossible to learn with the amount of time you have, but if I have just one… I must know how to get off this island. Is there something you can teach me on how to bypass the deadly currents surrounding us. I’ve looked and could not find a safe route to get out. I cannot stay here forever. Please help.”
“Very smart, Cage.” Ceembura complimented. “You understand what priorities need to be considered first and I didn’t expect for you to stay on your island forever. I’m not cruel and will force you to stay.”
“Wait, my island?”
“Of course. It was once mine and as the inheritor to my masterpieces it now belongs to you. It will always be your home for you were brought here first. Come with me to the other pedestal.” Cage followed the silently gliding and walking sorcerer. He noticed his feet made even less sound than being naturally barefooted. Originally the footwear were like boots, but he noticed they had changed slightly after becoming bonded. Unlike how boots have wiggle-room for toes, these contoured to the tops of his toes, but beneath them was a solid, flat base. It was almost like wearing sandals, but without any straps to hold the sole in place. To Cage it looked like a blending of a boxer’s boots and open-toed sandals. The soft underside felt like the perfect running shoes that supported, flexed and gripped practically any surface without any treads.
They both moved over to the second raised dais to see a large, clear gemstone the size of Cage’s head. It seemed to be giving off an inner light, but Cage couldn’t tell with the massive ball of light overhead. Ceembura pointed to the object to say “I’ve placed many spells onto this crystal and it has safeguarded this island from any and all intruders, keeping them far away from my legacy. It must be destroyed by hand. I designed it so that only the gauntlets could bring you here, you break the waterfall barrier with magic and this by hand. It is a three step trap of intricate proportions. There is no other way to have reached this place. The only way to stop all its properties is to physically smash it. Do not even try to use magic or it’ll retaliate and probably kill you.” Cage swallowed dryly at the implications. “By smashing the crystal it’ll reveal a narrow passage on the eastern side of the island. It will not take you long to find. There will be two protruding rocks and between them will be your route to the safety of the mainland. You will know the passage quite easily when you see it for the rocks will be marked by skulls carved into the surface. You hadn’t noticed them for this crystal has cloaked them while churning the water as it does all over the island.”
Cage grinned. “Have a fascination with skulls much?”
The odd wording didn’t take Ceembura long to understand as he returned the smile. “Indeed I do. The skull is both eerie and fascinating to look at.”
“Looks like we agree, they are cool.”
“I must go before you destroy the crystal…” Ceembura stopped as Cage extended a hand.
“Ceembura, I want to say thank you. Because of you and these things I have been made whole. You’ve given me a new life and one I’ll always cherish. Words cannot describe how truly thankful I am to you. Please just know that if you need anything done I’ll do it.”
The spectral sorcerer shook his head. “I am satisfied for truly the first time. You’ve gotten my creations and I couldn’t be more pleased. We spirits don’t need anything really. We simply watch and learn. You are not in my debt for we are even.” He reached forward and laughed at Cage’s reaction when the arm dissipated like mist.
Nothing tangible or cold could be felt at all.
“Farewell, Lord Death and may you live long.” With that Cage watched as Ceembura’s form pulled apart without sound, wind or any natural factors he understood.
When the ghost’s body disappeared Cage looked around the room one last time to remember it before reaching forward to lift the heavy crystal in both hands. With a mighty slam the solid piece shattered into hundreds of tiny shards, some bouncing up and cutting his cheek, three places on his chest and one on the thigh. The wounds barely drew blood.
Then the light overhead winked out, plunging the cavern in total darkness. He gave out a small yelp and said “That bastard knew the lights would go out, very funny…” Very quietly Cage thought he heard a deep belly laugh from a faraway place.
Cage made a dim orb of his own again and it took a few minutes to adjust before leaving, but it looked weird to have pure black arms compared to the original tan. He decided it didn’t matter and headed out.





Chapter 4

It took half the time to travel back down the tunnel and hear the roaring sound of falling water grow increasingly deafening with each step. As he reached the mouth he realized night had fallen. The half-lit moon gave plenty of light to see the area enough to navigate safely.
Cage waded into the crisp water to feel every sensation with the boots and gauntlets as if nothing could feel any more natural than it always had. He killed the light and dove into the water to feel not even the tiniest weight difference the gauntlets and boots had before. As he made it to shore he said “I’ll find out tomorrow if there is any significant differences…” and went to go collect littered sticks. “Fire.” He said and brought the bundle to flame without much of a drop in energy. The fire quickly grew and kept him warm and safe for the clear night.
But before even thinking about falling asleep Cage further and more closely examined his new appearance with a full mirror’s reflection. He remained as naked as he had been born, but the arms and feet looked very aesthetically pleasing. After making sure, he canceled the spell and began to feel where the black ended and tan began. He felt, but couldn’t find a ridge, bump or seam with even the softest touch. It felt just like actual warm skin and even all the muscle definition and veins are as they once were. He felt his pulse through the material, pinched the skin and lifted as much as it originally allowed and scratched as if he had an itch. Every test said the gauntlets and boots were skin. Cage then began to look more closely at the black diamond’s which he knew back home were truly the rarest diamond on the whole planet and none were nearly as large as the identical four now part of him. But unlike with the skin, the diamonds didn’t move. He felt around and came to the conclusion that each facsimile of an eye had been practically bolted to two bones in the hand.
Afterwards he tested another idea and dragged the edge of the trusty stone knife across. He felt the pressure and all the jagged edges, but no matter how much he forced it to cut his flesh, it couldn’t do a thing. He then tested the edge of his left shoulder and found the protection ended at the round material’s conclusion that encircled under the armpit.
Other people would have been worried that something they didn’t understand latched itself onto their body like some kind of parasite, but if that was the price to being able to walk again he’d gladly do it again. Anything is better than being forced to live in a chair for the rest of one’s life when fools ran the world and wouldn’t find a cure to paralysis. If only they knew what it is like to be in it for a day they would have a change of heart. Doesn’t matter anymore. Cage thought. I’m here now and can move and do things others have only dreamed of. It has been a long day and I need to rest.
He leaned back and closed his eyes to play on his ocarina till he fell asleep.

Running through the trees, he found the boots were allowing him to run as hard as he could without worry or breaking like the vines in the sandals often did. He ran as he did on the beach, without any serious worry of injury. He acquired a few cuts from the thick forest, but they didn’t hurt as he pushed harder and enjoyed the thrill of letting loose since his feet had the best protection they had ever had.
The forest nearly blurred as he cut straight to the east and in about an hour he blasted beyond the forest’s barrier and bent over to catch his breath. “That was awesome!” He shouted to himself as the thrill ebbed. He looked along the water’s edge for the two skull rocks Ceembura mentioned. It wasn’t in sight.
Cage went for another run in a northerly direction.
Nearly two hours later he slowed to a stop. Nearly a mile from the water’s edge were many jagged rocks jutting out of the sea, but two of the largest ones, he had never seen before, stood over thirty feet from the surface. Between them was a narrow place of nearly still water with small waves washing in and out. Instead of two skulls carved into the rocks as Cage imagined, one etched into either rock, the entire stone surface’s were carved into hundreds of lifelike black skulls on each. It looked as the most foreboding thing on the island.
“Cool!” Cage grinned.
He studied the newly open pass and wondered why he hadn’t sensed the working of magic. Sometimes he didn’t feel it till he was close or further away if it were powerful, but after feeling and understanding what it is, he began asking what the differences were. “I need a teacher or some kind of book…”
A plan began to form as he watched the pass carefully. He judged there to be a twenty foot space between. Getting through wouldn’t be a problem, but how to safely reach the opposite shore…
“A raft will be the only solution.” He decided since he knew it wouldn’t be smart to swim into the unknown. He will need supplies of food and water. Both were plentiful on the island. “Right, get to work.”

Two days passed as he found several dead trees, brought them back and lashed them securely together with vine. He would also grab fruits and vegetables, enough for two additional days and found a bamboo grove to carry the water in five prepped cylinders, also enough for two days. Lastly he sat and carved a makeshift paddle out of a long piece of driftwood and spiked the other end to use as a pole and deterrent if any sharks or other malevolent sea creatures get to close.
On the morning of the third day, Cage hydrated, relieved himself and warmed up as the sun began to rise. He made sure everything remained secure and pushed the raft into the water. Because of its lightweight design it wasn’t waterproof, but it did float well as he pulled himself in. He sat down and began rowing straight down the center of the pass. Just feeling like it, Cage made a fist and pointed either at opposite monoliths saying “Goodbye and thanks for taking such good care of me.” The gentle current pulled him away past the grinning skulls and out to sea.
The first hour wasn’t easy as he fought a current that wanted to bring him into the island again, but perseverance won and he rowed due east, always keeping his bearings because of the island’s lone mountain. It was harder to see the eastern shore, but it didn’t mean it wasn’t there.
Breaking at noon, Cage took out some fruit and a canister of water inside a plugged cell of bamboo. Both were great and took the salt out of his mouth from falling out once and sea spray from waves lifting and sinking the raft. Two hours later he had to act fast as the front of the raft started splitting. Extra vine and a spell to swim the vine’s end up and around made it come back together without incident.
As the sun began a swift descent on Cage’s cooked back he came upon a welcome sight. The shore was much closer as the waves finally lifted him high enough to see the line of green from trees stretching for many, many miles. What lay there he didn’t know, but wanted to find out.
An hour before nightfall the steady rise and fall of the sea changed and became more unpredictable till Cage realized what is happening.
The waves were growing dangerously as he came closer to shore.
Realizing how close he came to the destination he began paddling with new strength and urgency. He paddled hard as he was lifted and slowed as the wave kept going without him catching a ride. Cage used to surf when he got the rare chance and knew when to use strength and when not to. He knew he needed to use the waves to carry him in.
But it didn’t turn out as he wished. As one large wave of seawater lifted the raft, it didn’t ride as a slick-bottomed board would. Lifting everything, Cage took a deep breath as the raft went vertical before being torn apart in the impact of the crashing waves. Cage jumped as best he could in the situation, to get away from the wrecked raft. He didn’t completely succeed as something smacked into his back and legs. For a moment the tumbling of the wave made it impossible to tell up from down. As the pain of impact passed, he righted himself and rushed to exchange the burning in his lungs. His head came out and breathed while looking around for a few seconds as the wave that destroyed his raft needed to build up for a finishing pass. But Cage saw the remnants of his raft still nearby and swam away with all haste. It worked as he didn’t get tangled in the mess or hit again, but his back still hurt badly. After a few more tidal surges he began to read the sets and timed himself with the ocean to bodysurf or swim below any truly dangerous situations. A half hour of fighting the force of nature deposited him on a white sandy beach.
He moved up, passed the wave lines and collapsed in the sand to rest. “Thank goodness there wasn’t a riptide or it would have been near impossible.” He knew to swim parallel to the shore if it did happen, but for how tired he felt made him glad it is over.
After relaxing and catching his breath he stood to check himself over. All the cuts from before were still healing, but there weren’t any new openings that needed attention. His back hurt much more than his legs, but the pain diminished and would leave a mild bruise very soon. While surveying the area he cursed as he lost the stone knife that had been so useful since coming, but the ocarina stayed near as the vine hadn’t let it go from his waist. He untied it and turned it over to pour out the saltwater.
From the beach he stood on, he looked upon his island. It had grown so small he couldn’t believe it if not for living there for some time. It looked absolutely majestic as the sun set on its backside and the reddish rays bowled over it. A small smile touched him deeply and he let it out.
Something caught his eye rolling in the surf and found only one of the bamboo water containers, with its plug intact. Needing it, he pulled out the stopper and drained half its contents. Water hadn’t tasted that good since he first learned to walk again.
Everything else that made its way to shore couldn’t be salvaged.
That night he stayed on the beach and used a fire to steam out the water from the instrument and the remaining pine resin melted just enough to seal any breaches the tumbling made in the seam.
By the time it dried, it played properly again.

In the morning he jogged until spotting a stream bleeding into the ocean. “Here’s a good as place as any.” He determined, turned and made way upstream.
The forest he traveled through wasn’t as thickly packed, but it did have more animal variety by tracks around the water. There were many more birds and it seemed as beautiful as his earlier home.
Soon after, he smelled the familiar hint of smoke. Being more cautious, he kept going and followed the welcoming scent. Using experience in stealth, he made his way ever closer and jumped behind a bush when he saw movement.
A man in woodsy colorings knelt close to the stream to fill a small metal bowl that looked to be regularly used over a fire. In a soft leather boot was a large knife. A thick bushy beard gave the middle-aged man a haggard look. His clothes weren’t in the best condition, as if he spent a great deal of time out in the woods.
Like I’m in a different situation? He wondered internally. But he kept watching the other man and went unnoticed. Cage only moved when the man walked back to camp, not even realizing someone shadowed him.
Cage stepped carefully into the brush, as he had been trained to avoid the subject’s attention, and watched closely as he walked into a small clearing. Beside a fire, with what looked like a spitted raccoon roasting, sat a single pack and sleeping bag, but a second look made it out to be a thick blanket to be thrown over. All signs pointed that he was all alone, but a strange void in the grass beside the man felt unsettling. Still, I have to chance it if I’m to learn anything. He voted internally.
“Hello out there!” Cage called out.
The wild man jumped without hesitation and pulled a crossbow from the hollow void in the grass. “Who’s There!” He demanded harshly while pointing the crossbow in Cage’s general direction, but not directly at where he stood behind a thick tree. Something about this man spoke of danger so Cage chanced “A wary traveler who is lost and needs help.”
The crossbow aimed closer from what Cage’s one eye looking around the tree saw. “Then come out where I can see you!”
“Please put the weapon down, I’m unarmed and will not harm you if you’re willing to do the same.” He put forth, acting timid in how he spoke with pauses and a small frightened stutter. But he watched as a dark grin revealed yellow, rotting teeth and the wind shift spoke of how he hadn’t bathed in weeks or longer.
The man’s demeanor warned of mistrust, but like Cage he sounded pleasant and welcoming yet his weapon didn’t even attempt to dip. “Very well, I will enjoy someone to talk with. I’ve put my weapon down. Come on out now.” Cage knew just what kind of person he dealt with and it wasn’t going to be a pleasant experience. He smiled.
“Alriiiight.” He said timidly and looked to the large bush not two feet to his right. Cage knelt and whispered “Full body mirror that will catch my every aspect without looking flat or distorted. Mimic my every move.” And felt the tingle and watched as an exact copy appeared so lifelike it was momentarily frightening, looking back at himself. He watched as the wind simply passed a falling leaf through the side of his illusion’s face, but it worked. Cage stood slowly and his head passed the safety of the bush.
Without any kind of warning or brief hesitation a twang sounded and Cage fell back with a surprised yell and went silent. He made the illusion disappear after seeing the bolt fly straight through his fake head.
Knew it. He thought with a growing grin.
Heavy feet charged the several yards while the man drew his knife from the boot. Cage watched from a low position and moved around to the left as the man hurried around the opposite way with a wild look in beady brown eyes.
The would-be murderer rushed through the brush to find nothing where he shot the person he saw. “Huh?” He questioned and turned around to find an extremely tall, naked, grinning man of lean build standing over him, but before he could move and finish the job Cage gave one last moment of opportunity to think about killing, but as the knife twitched he kicked the simply built crossbow of wood and twine and punched the other man right in the throat so fast he didn’t see it coming.
Cage jumped back as the knife came around and threatened to gut him. It cut only air. The man clutched his throat and realized the severity of the situation when he couldn’t take another breath. Cage had crushed the opponents windpipe with precision and a swiftness using only his arms for so long had blessed him with amazingly deceptive strength. As the man’s face began to turn from red to blue he thought to take the opponent with him and charged with the knife. Feeling slightly curious, Cage grasped the knife by the blade with his left hand and threw the man forward while tripping him with a foot sweep. The man fell face first and lost control of his only weapon. Cage’s grin and love of a good fight ended with him holding the knife and watching the man writhe. As the beady brown eyes last looked upon Cage he said calmly “You should have been more prepared to die if your first intention is to kill. I will remember, but never mourn someone as cowardly as you. If there is something for you beyond this I hope you suffer.” And Cage watched as the man went limp and died.
Without another look to know it wasn’t a false death, Cage began gaining knowledge on the man who already smelled of death. In the pack he found a few more bolts for the crossbow, a few metal containers and a rolled up piece of paper.
Cage opened the yellow piece of rather thick paper to laugh. “So you were already a wanted man in connection for three confirmed deaths of young women, robbery, rape and kidnapping for ransom. You aren’t even wanted alive, just need your head to claim the reward. And you thought to remind yourself of these deeds by keeping a poster of yourself as a trophy? What an idiot! You were some piece of work and worth… ten silver and nine copper pieces? Wait is that some kind of currency?” He asked to no one and went back to the man to begin patting the warm corpse down. A small bulge in his shirt resulted in a small leather bag with a drawstring around its mouth. Cage found dozens of thin copper disks about three quarters of an inch in diameter. He pulled one out to find it had not any kind of insignia and a quick taste made him realize it is indeed copper. “To hide it so well means it has to be money. Well it’ll go to a better use. As will other things.”
Cage still had many hours of light left and he began the grizzly task of cutting the man’s head off with the newly acquired knife and using his shirt to carry it in. He also took off the murderer’s pants and gagged at the smell of an unwashed body. A thorough washing in the stream with gritty sand and vigorous scrubbing knocked much of the smell out. He also washed the simple knife out and sterilized it in the fire before doing something that would be required. Cage made a mirror image appear again and after sharpening the blade on a stone to give it a proper edge he shaved very carefully, not nicking the flesh at all. For the first time in months he felt a smooth jaw again. Afterwards he cut the tattered ends of the pants and put them on. They were much too short and tight, but they worked enough to wear as knee high shorts. The belt made it easier to carry the ocarina and money bag. Cage collected the pack, stuffed the trophy inside with the metal ware and kicked out the fire before tossing the dead animal into the woods.
Cage then continued running upstream.
Instead of the water getting smaller upstream as before, it grew. Several hours later he round the stream as it became a slow moving river. But another hour later the water grew even calmer, almost stopping. Not one other sign of habitation presented itself as he followed an easterly direction at a sustainable jog.
He found a large lake as he reached the mouth. It was nearly as beautiful as the paradise on his island. Trees grew intricately around and more late spring flowers blossomed at its calm edge to give it a pleasant smell. But after taking in the wonder he found what looked like old stone ruins of some ancient castle outpost. The debris stood three stories above the water. He decided to investigate the site and climbed safely to its highest point that stood right above the water. He took in everything before him.
But he wasn’t alone.

Meeka swam alone in her favorite location since so few outside her small town know of the lake’s location. She left her dress on the bank so it didn’t get wet and did as she had always done as a little girl. The locals of her town usually comes to fish or swim if time permitted and the main rule of the town was to stop fishing as night started to settle in. Some come to do as she to relax or bathe, but she went to her spot for its privacy even though she knew the others might not come since most of the farmers were working all day in the fields or doing some such job.
But as she began to prune in the darkness a strange music she had never heard before began spreading out across the lake. Meeka stopped swimming to listen and became drawn by such a melody. She floated there for some time just enjoying how it flowed and relaxed her. She knew it came from a single instrument, but such a unique quality made her want to see where exactly it came from.
She swam back and slipped on her dress, fixed it and wrung out her hair. She let it fall back in a single strand which soaked the fabric further, sticking it to her back. Meeka moved around the cattails and reeds to quietly approach where the sound emanated.
Before long she crouched down behind some trees and looked at who stood upon the old ruins. A campfire sat beside him on the large stone slabs and the light gave him a powerful and commanding look. Short pants covered narrow hips and long legs upheld a large and lean torso that didn’t hide the flat of his chest and stomach. Long corded arms were tucked in and his hands were firmly yet delicately surrounding something that gave off the sound she had been drawn to. She couldn’t tell any eye color for they were shut calmly. Even from behind the trees she saw the most handsome man she’d ever come across. He had a strong jaw with sharp cheekbones and short hair that blew back from the breeze. She sat down to watch and listen to him for she couldn’t bring herself to even think of leaving till he finished.
As the melody floated off into silence she saw him sit with his legs falling down on the edge of the old wall. He began to play, but the calm song he played before turned into something sad and the more he played the more she felt he had some inner pain that couldn’t be reached. But then she heard it change into a merry tune that made her foot tap to the beat from the excitement and her earlier assessment changed as the music altered the mood in every way she had ever experienced. Her body reacted to his music and to him as many handsome men do, but never had her nipples hardened so fast or her flower swelled for a longing she couldn’t indulge. Meeka continued to watch and study to come to a realization.
She had to meet this man and get to know him, even if it turned bad. She needed to find out about the mysterious stranger.
The last song came to an end, but she wasn’t ready for what came next.
“Did you like it!?” The man shouted while looking at her.
Being found out, she stood and came out from behind the trees. It had gotten so dark she knew he couldn’t see he clearly as his eyes squinted. “It was the most beautiful music I had ever heard actually.”
“Much appreciated.” He said as he continued to sit on the ledge.
“How long have you known I was listening?” She asked curiously.
He answered without lying. “When you got out of the water over there. And you’re not too adept at traveling through the brush. Lastly that dress of yours is pretty easy to spot. Since I had an audience I played more than usual. So what is your name, my one person audience?”
“My name is Meeka. Might I ask yours?”
“I’m Cage. Now Meeka might I ask a question or two as payment for enjoying my music so much.”
Meeka instantly loved the deep, masculine tone in his voice and felt her heart race as she heard him speak her name. Feeling a strange sensation just by talking she felt she wanted to answer anything he wanted to know. “Of course, anything!”
Her heart stopped as she saw his smile, then doubled the previous speed. “Alright, I’m quite lost and don’t quite know where I am exactly. I’m new to town and need directions. Can you point me in the nearest direction to a town or city? I don’t have much and there’s this issue I need to resolve before it deteriorates. Am I even close to some kind of civilization?”
“You are in luck then! You sit not an hour’s walk from the town of Kote, my home.”
“Kote? Odd name for a town, but I’m not one to knock off a simple thing as a name. Meeka, which direction is this place?” Cage asked as he stood and placed an object on his hip.
“If you would prefer a guide, I could personally show you?” She offered in excitement. Usually she felt wary of men, but he didn’t make her feel threatened.
“That will be very kind of you, but shouldn’t you be wary of strangers?”
“To me, you don’t seem to be of the bad sort.”
Meeka was then surprised as he laughed as astonishingly as the music he played. It was a laugh that made her feel warmer inside and so contagious she too giggled, but not loud enough for him to hear. “I’ll be right down then.” He said as he slung a pack over his shoulder, picked up a stick to use as a torch and kicked the rest of the fire into the lake below. The light and embers died instantly, making the area that much darker. She watched as the orange glow descended the ruins and reflected light off trees to show where he approached from.
In minutes the glow of fire became bright and her jaw dropped as she got an up close look of the man. He towered over her by a good six inches and she was rather tall for a woman, being six foot herself and though his build was lean he appeared to be frighteningly quick and deadly. His bare chest radiated heat off the golden brown tan. His arms looked to have been painted black, as were his feet. He looked more handsome than any man, she knew for certain. The most striking of all were his eyes. They were coal black and impossible to distinguish the irises from the retina. Every possible angle made her want to see more. She saw his teeth to be perfectly straight, without any defects and were pure white like pearls. Naturally her eyes dropped to his waistline and she flushed before realizing, but he apparently hadn’t seen as he still walked closer.
Cage came up to the woman from before and before thinking he whispered “Whoa!” and she must have heard it for her cheeks reddened, but she didn’t look away.
Memories surfaced as he remembered the effects he had on women, but after ending up in a chair he learned just what women are truly like when they realize their lover won’t be able to walk again. It hurt terribly to know how shallow women are and how easily they’ll leave when confronted with even the minor inconvenience of something that couldn’t be fixed. Lesson learned, he thought as he tried dating again after the injury had healed, but one look at a guy in a chair told them on a basic instinctual level, Not mate worthy, defective genetic material. In reaction to all the thoughts of heartache and loss his expression blanked and put up a wall that would protect him from the scorn and petty personality of another gorgeous woman.
Although he did look and as any red blooded male, he couldn’t help admiring the allure of her feminine body and the desires that rise from one such as she. Meeka was the embodiment of a blonde bombshell with the perfect ratio. She wore a light blue dress that reached several inches above her shoes, but the design accentuated a narrow waist, flared hips and full bust that nearly made him fall faint and would die happy from viewing such a beauty. Her breasts were perfect, full and swelled with each breath. Long blonde hair with a slight wetness from the earlier swim trailed down her back to make her a beauty beyond compare. She didn’t wear any makeup for anything applied would be injustice. Large blue eyes made her look so inquisitive and innocent that she was easy to read. Full kissable lips were hard to resist and only one small beauty mark at the corner of her mouth made her a more beautiful woman than he had ever seen. She had a classy way to dress that beckoned him to partake in what she had to offer without ever being considered a slattern. Meeka was a woman he’d like to see naked, but past experience ruined any chance at something.
She saw the stoic expression and confusion furrowed her delicate brow.
Cage lightened his tone out of habit to ask “Lead on, Meeka.”
She beamed and turned around. As she walked away he had to forcibly keep from staring at the seductive walk her backside made and hurried to travel by her side.





Chapter 5

Walking together felt awkward for a few minutes until Meeka turned to look up into Cage’s calm and distant expression as he carried the torch to light the path down the trail. “So Cage, what brings you so close to my home?”
Cage softened his appearance as he heard the slight twinge of fear and confusion in her words. He saw her shoulders lose their tension as she realized he wouldn’t harm her. “It is where my journey has led me so far. Why do you ask?”
“For simple conversation and personal curiosity. Meeting as we did has aroused many questions in me. I hope you don’t mind?” Her doe eyed baby blues were wide and hopeful to still show further her interest.
“Not in the least. In fact you are the first real person I’ve spoken with in many months.” He smiled slightly while looking ahead. Let her think what she will. Ceembura didn’t really count, being dead and all.
Meeka slowed slightly and Cage easily shortened his gait to match. “Truly? You’ve not had any human contact for months?”
“Hey don’t sound so surprised. A few months alone isn’t as bad as you make it sound. To put things in perspective I’ve gone over six months without contact, three or so is nothing.” He joked with a chuckle and she showed a warm smile.
“Do you do this often? Go out on your own, I mean?”
“Not so much anymore, but this last time I wasn’t given a choice. It turned out to be the best thing that ever happened in my life.”
“How so?”
Feeling a bit unsure on what to divulge and knowing open honesty towards strangers could be counterproductive to ones survival, he decided quickly to say “I’ve recently regained something. I was practically half of a man. But I’m better than I was before.”
“That seems wonderful. So what brought you here exactly?”
Cage made a quick fist and glanced at the diamonds, but met her eyes without her seeming to notice the move in the darkness. “I washed up on shore little over a day ago and I followed a stream up to the lake where we just met.”
An expression of shock plastered itself on her delicate features. “Were you sailing and lost your boat?”
“Something like that.”
Neither ceased traveling up the dirt road. Cage began to notice hoof prints from horses and long, parallel lines from some kind of cart. It didn’t take long for Meeka to begin changing the subject. “Earlier, what made that beautiful music?”
He went to his hip and handed over the instrument while explaining “This is an ocarina.”
“Onk-reena?” She tried to repeat as he corrected “No, it’s pronounced oak-a-ree-na.” He then said “Put the stem between your lips and hold your hand like this, with your fingers over the holes. Lift and drop your fingers to vary the notes.”
Childlike delight visibly overcame her as they stopped for a moment. Meeka did as he showed, but commented “Your hands are huge to have finger holes placed so far apart.” He smiled and held out the large hand she spoke of and swallowed dryly at imagining what such hands are capable of doing. Slowly she managed to cover the holes properly and placed her lips on the hollowed stem and blew. The note went wild and it frightened her from the unexpected. Again she tried, but couldn’t make anything sound as beautiful as what he created.
Meeka returned it to say “It looks like it takes much practice to master such a device.”
“That it does.” He agreed while replacing it. “I just wish I had better tools at my disposal for it needs a lot of work.”
“You mean to say it isn’t already perfect?” He simply nodded. “I find it hard to believe, but it is your device and know what it needs.”
“Do you have any similar instruments?”
She pondered the question for a moment. “I know of only a flute with a straight stem, but it didn’t sound nearly as seductive as your ocarina… oh you said you have business to take care of?” He nodded while walking on her right. “If you can tell me what it is, I might be able to direct you to the nearest place.”
Not wanting to frighten her for she seemed kind, he answered “I need to find the local police or jail to claim a bounty.”
She froze with wide frightened eyes. “W…why would you need to claim a b…bounty? What are you in to? Are you a man hunter?”
“I just need the information. You don’t need any details, Meeka. Just point me in the right direction and you’ll never have to see me again.” She began to panic, he could see her about to faint and quickly rushed up to her and tilted her chin up with a knuckle. “Look at me, Meeka.” He said in a low, deep and comforting voice. “Look into my eyes and think of breathing only. Think of something good. Be calm and you will be fine. You are not in any danger unless you become dangerous. Relax and breathe. You are a strong and fearless woman. Say it back to me. It will help, trust me. You are a strong and fearless woman.”
Meeka stared up into his mesmerizing eyes and listened to him. She felt the warmth of his knuckle keeping her gaze from wavering and heard him leading her on a path to being calm. She noticed the sweetness of his breath and the scent of sunshine and man coming off his chest, but a lesser, dirty scent clung heavily to the snug pants and pack hanging over a shoulder. Her father used to do much the same, but the man before her sounded so calm and sure that she couldn’t resist him in any way. “I am a strong and fearless woman.” She whispered the mantra again and again. In the span of a minute of chanting, her panic lessened to tolerable levels and he stepped back, but she still felt the lingering warmth his knuckle left behind.
“Now that you’ve settled I think a change of subject is in order.” He said. “Meeka, how old are you?”
“I’ve just turned twenty one two weeks ago.” She answered as he turned around to pick up the dropped torch and walked on. Meeka had to keep up. “How old are you?”
He smiled as if nothing had just happened and wondered why he didn’t just leave her. He then thought about how good it is just to talk with another being again and how it wouldn’t have been right to do such a thing when she is being kind enough to lead him to her hometown. “I’m twenty eight.”
She then looked him up and down before asking “And just how tall are you?”
“Six foot six.” Her mouth parted in an O.
“You are the tallest man I know.” Meeka stated outright.
He laughed. “You’re no slouch. Not too many women are six feet either. Back where I’m from I’m considered slightly above average. I once met a man who stood over eight feet five inches. I’ve even seen a seven foot tall woman.” She seemed easy to impress as she stared openly.
While she thought about such gigantic people, Cage had to focus ahead for her bouncing breasts were too well endowed to not do otherwise. His own prided endowment began trying to rip through the shorts, but not staring helped reduce the uncomfortable tightness. He didn’t show any acknowledgement, but had seen her eyes widen with delight at what happened. She didn’t say anything either till clearing her throat and ask “So have you a wife or children?”
“No to both questions. I don’t believe in marriage.”
She looked on in shock again. “You don’t believe in marriage? How can you say that?”
“Easy, it is a foolish custom and I’ll not be a part of something so bias in design that it prevents what instinct dictates we do. People change and if you hold on to a false idea it’ll only cause needless heartache. For instance if a person finds another attractive and that person treats them right, why should they go back home to an abusive spouse or a loveless marriage of convenience. It is a cruel system and I’ll not be part of it. Some people are self sufficient, like myself, and don’t require someone making them do something that only subdues or shackles their personality. That is injustice, pure and simple. And what if a woman loves another woman or a man to a man. Why should their love suffer because of outdated customs and ideals?”
Meeka went silent as she tried following the logic and look for holes to exploit. “But what should a woman do if she becomes pregnant? Shouldn’t the man take responsibility.”
She received a chuckle for a response. “You make it sound like women are objects who are useless except when breeding. That is crap.” He met her confusion. “Women are much stronger than the average person believes and is as deadly as any man, if my experiences mean anything. If they do get pregnant and want to be with the father then that is her choice, but there is always more to choose in life than just one way. They could be a single parent and still give the child the love and attention it needs. They could live with a person who isn’t the father. There are countless circumstances that can arise, but still, marriage at its most basic level is utterly useless. Now let me counter your question. Should the woman be raped, should she have to find the person and say you knocked me up and this is our kid now you must take care of us?”
Her jaw dropped, but she couldn’t offer a retort. She asked “Does ‘knocked me up’ mean pregnant where you come from?” He nodded seriously, not giving off any hostility. His calmness was refreshing and she thought deeply on how his context didn’t seem wrong for part of her agreed with it, but the other that had been raised to want to be wed shouted in outrage. “But what if you got a woman pregnant and you both wanted to be together? Would you marry then, even if you were together forever?”
“Not even then.” He didn’t even hesitate. “I seriously doubt it’ll ever happen, but if it does I’ll not title my love with a pathetic label as wife, for it feels and sounds subservient. And I can see you are about to ask what I would call her.” Meeka smiled so beautifully Cage missed a step and stumbled for a moment. Her smile deepened and made his heart race. “I will most likely call her my woman or mate. Mate is equal while Woman is strong, kind and someone who won’t take crap from anyone, especially from me!”
Meeka laughed so beautifully Cage exclaimed without thinking “You’re a singer!”
She laughed slightly harder and placed a delicate hand over her jiggling chest to calm her heart. “You caught me. How did you know?”
“I knew many talented people growing up. You would easily be considered a soprano.”
“What is sooopraaano?”
“It is the highest voice anyone can reach, though I haven’t heard your High E note I can already tell you can reach it. Sopranos are quite rare and can reach a wide range of tones more richly than the average or above average singers. It is a true gift that cannot be reached without natural talent.”
“What is this High Eee you speak of? I want to see if I can reach it?”
“Hmm…” He thought as he broke out the ocarina again. It took a few tries, but he made the high note. “That is as close as I can get with this as it is.”
Cage wasn’t expecting Meeka to instantly reach the pitch without warming up and holding it for five complete seconds. She smiled “Was that it? That is as high I can make my voice.” Then she pealed a laugh at his first open jawed expression that couldn’t be faked even by the greatest spy. “That good?”
“If there was glass around you’d shatter it.” He complimented and she beamed.
They began walking again and Meeka had a little hop in her step at her success in impressing another person. They walked for a half mile without speaking before she said “We’re coming upon the first farm of my town. Welcome to Kote, Cage.”
Cage stopped to survey the first house, but wasn’t expecting to see a simple wooden dwelling with wooden shutters, a large stable with several horses and a large farm of ten or so acres with green sprouts popping up in nice, neat rows. But a candle in the window meant someone lived there. There wasn’t any electric cables or poles anywhere around.
When Cage calmly met Meeka’s excited eyes she smiled contently. “This is going to sound weird, but I’ve got to know something.”
“Go ahead” she urged.
“I’m going to need to ask about certain things. Please stop me when you hear something that you can understand or know what I’m talking about.” She simply smiled again in the flickering firelight as he started big. “Car,” She didn’t react or lie by omission. “truck, motorcycle, automobile, shuttle, combustion engine, fusion, fission, locomotive, freighter, jet, airplane, Computers, television, Camera, college, bullet, toilet…”
“Wait, is that last one like a privy?” She asked after blinking rapidly from the flood of confusing words.
“A place where you relieve yourself?” She nodded vigorously. “Inside or out? Where is it usually located in conjunction with the house?”
“That is a silly question. Of course it’s outside, otherwise the house would smell foul at all times of the day.”
“Alright do you use electricity…err.” Her confusion answered that question. “I have one last one that might be odd, but do you know anything about magic?”
The last word made Cage take a measured, defensive step back and balled his fist as Meeka’s expression turned absolutely frightening. Her earlier happiness had vanished at the flip of a switch and her tone turned as dark as her expression. Once again he had confirmed women aren’t as docile and timid as they portray themselves, they are dangerous creatures. “Why do you ask of magic? It has brought nothing but pain to my family, me and many others.”
Then it all began to make since as to why she seemed so inquisitive earlier, beyond the usual questions he sensed something in her words. “So that it is true that it is real and why you were so curious about why I opposed marriage. You cannot marry for some reason or another, can you?”
That brought her up short and the anger dimmed. “How do you know?”
“You’re quite easy to read, Meeka, and your words are easy to decipher. A minute ago you said magic has brought you nothing but pain. Also you were a bit overeager to know what I thought about marriage and when you listened you unintentionally dropped your chin, crossed your arms and sighed a huff as if I doused your ideal fantasy of marriage. These subtle tells you have explained that you wish to live vicariously through others for what has been denied to you. I’ve been trained to notice these subtle tendencies and it has served me well.”
“What does vicariously mean?”
“To live your life or ideals through others.”
“Fine. Your right, it’s common knowledge around here anyway. And your right, I can’t get married, find love or ever have a family of my own, all because of magic. It has ruined me and no man will touch me. They think my comely appearance is a lure like a fisherman’s bait to catch and kill any man who so much as gets close. Many fear me and I had hope that a newcomer passing through might be kind and offer some companionship for a short time before he or she runs off when they find out I’m a killer.” Tears began to well in her eyes and she turned to run away, but stopped when her grasped arm wouldn’t allow it.
Meeka turned to find Cage’s large hand firmly wrapped around her wrist with one eyebrow raised. “You’ve killed? How?”
She stared openly again as the tears flowed freely and her full lips quivered. “I’m cursed. As a baby I was spelled so that if I kiss anyone they’ll freeze to death. I didn’t believe it till I kissed my first boy six years ago. I woke up to screaming and crying to realize I killed a boy by a mere kiss. I live with his death every day and have to see the pity and hatred in my people’s eyes every day. I cannot control my curse for it has sullied me. I cannot lay with man or woman or even have a child for even if I kiss it the child will freeze from its own mother’s act of love.” She dropped to her knees as her strength waned and self-pity took hold and wept openly. “Why am I saying all this to some stranger? Forgive me, Sir. I’m sorry for saying more than I ought.”
Cage didn’t let go as he knelt in front of her and speared the end of the torch in the ground before using his now freed hand to lift her chin again. With kindness she never expected to ever see in another she heard him say “You are an idiot if you care what others think of you for an accident beyond your control. No one is to be blamed for that boy’s death for he died doing something sensual. You might have saved him from a more gruesome death down the line. He could have died slowly from a snakebite or an arrow though an eye or could have been torn apart by wolves.” Her blue eyes twinkled with hope. “And to add clarification, I’m not scared to touch you or look upon a woman in pity for an accident. I’ve killed and so long as there are any who try and take my life I’ll continue to do so. There is no such thing as good or evil in this world or any other, only perception. And as for magic, it cannot be all bad now can it? It is like a tool I’d imagine. Maybe it’s like a sword… you do have swords right?” He smiled and she nodded. “In the hands of a soldier cutting down bandits it can be seen as protection, but it could also be dreaded in the hands of those very same bandits. Just like your magical kiss, it can be used for good.”
“How?” She asked in an almost plea to release her pain.
“If it’s true your kiss kills, as you say, then if someone were to rape you, you could quite literally kiss yourself to freedom. Ask him to kiss you first and you’ll make it more fun and pleasurable, when he dies, throw him off and no harm will result of the experience and you’ve taken one more bastard out before he harmed another.”
“I haven’t thought of my curse being used that way.”
“Good, you are learning even the worst situations can be turned around. And lastly, I know why you spilled your guts to me. You haven’t anyone to talk with about all this and it has built up and turned your stomach sour. It was bound to come out sometime so long as you didn’t find an outlet.”
“Your word, terms and sayings are strange. Where did you say you were from again?”
Cage grinned. “I haven’t even told you and I doubt you’d believe.”
“I guess you are right.” He helped her stand and pulled the torch up. “Thank you, Cage.”
“Don’t mention it.” She nodded and together they walked again.
More light appeared as they continued deeper into the town of Kote. It wasn’t big by Cage’s standards, but Meeka said about three hundred families called the town home. Many were simple farmers who lived off the land and raised livestock.
In the heart of Kote were dozens of simple businesses that sold clothes, food and other needs a town might require to function. A lively tavern made both smile as they passed. To Cage it looked as if the town was constructed like old westerns, but without a gun-slinging sheriff or outlaws. Several horses were picketed outside and a couple of people stared uncomfortably at Cage and Meeka for it was one of the strangest sights the must have seen in a while. The people seemed to take care of their own. Meeka went quiet while others were around, but threw her head up with dignity while Cage strolled through as if he belonged. In the center of town stood the largest second story building that was painted pure white and looked the most lavish in the situation. Meeka looked straight into Cage’s eyes and said “I know where you can claim a reward. Our destination is the same. I’m the mayor’s daughter and he will pay or point you in the right direction. That horse over there in the stables is his, and the painted one beside it is mine. He’s still in the office. Usually we go home together. Come with me.”
“Lead on.”

Inside the two story building, Cage became surprised to see waxed or lacquered, hardwood floors. A candelabra hung from the ceiling with dozens of lit candles. An older woman looked up from a table of papers to smile kindly at Meeka and seriously ogled Cage as he stepped in behind. “Hello Meeka, who’s your friend?”
“Hello Kitty, this is Cage. He has business with my father. I know it’s late, but he says he needs to see him tonight.”
“That’s fine, go on ahead upstairs.” And Meeka said “Thank you.”
Kitty burned Cage’s trim and powerful body into her memory as he went up the wooden stairs. She might have been in her sixties, but she wasn’t dead and it never hurt to look.
A knock on the largest door down the second floor hallway was preceded by “Father, it is me. Do you have a moment to see one more person?”
On the other side came a deep, kind voice that boomed “Come on in, Dear Daughter!” She opened the room and went in first to get enveloped by large arms. “You are later than usual to ride home with me. I was getting worried. Did your swim take longer or did you find some trouble?”
“She found me so I’m guessing the latter.” Cage said jokingly as he ducked to enter the room. Meeka’s father was built a solid boulder of a man who didn’t look like any politician he had ever seen before. The man looked to be able to handle his own in a fight with large shoulders and arms more suited to grappling. Her father stood an inch or two above Meeka’s height with sandy blonde hair, pale blue eyes and sharp features that made him look to age well even though he was nearly fifteen to eighteen years Cage’s senior. A large knife handle stuck out of a leather boot and said he knew how to use it as he moved on sure feet. The man wore woodsy clothes, but were lavish enough to be presentable to the common man and to dignitaries alike.
“Come in, good sir! I’m Cillian, Kote’s mayor. So what may I do for you this fine evening?” He asked pleasantly, but the shifting of his eyes said he was measuring Cage’s appearance and just what he was doing with his daughter at such a late hour, without a shirt, but finding her to look oddly excited and happy for once so he didn’t judge too harshly and broke into a smile.
“I came to collect on a bounty and Meeka here says you’re the man to see about the reward.”
Seeing the rounding pack slung over the shoulder Cillian had an idea of what is hidden inside the revolting sack. He smiled kindly and turned to his youngest child. “Meeka, please step outside while I take care of business.”
With a tone he knew all too well for it was exactly as his wife’s, she firmly, yet in a loving and diplomatic way said “Father, I’d prefer to stay and see how a deal like this is done between you and Cage.”
Cage actually chuckled when he saw Cillian’s eyebrow twitch at the unexpected surprise of his child’s suddenly strong stomach, but revealed himself to be quite a calm and collected man. “So long as you don’t cry home to your mother about what you’ll witness I don’t mind.”
“Meeka, hold your breath. He stunk long before I did this.” Cage warned and Cillian’s eyebrow twitched again as he saw his little girl obey without making any fuss by being told to do something. The tall man opened the bag, handed over the poster first to see the mayor’s eyes darken murderously and glared at the sack till the head came out and was unwrapped, put the pack on the mayoral desk as the head was placed upon it.
Cillian stomped forward and pulled the knife from his boot to reveal an eight inch, bowie style blade. Seeing the target wasn’t himself, Cage stepped away. “I must make sure it is him.” He said to the hunter and cut away a section of beard to reveal a long scar from the cheek to jawbone. “It’s him for sure. I’ll get your money, Cage is it?”
“That is my name, Cillian. While you are counting out the price, can you tell me if the family’s of the three girls live nearby or was it a general poster spread throughout the land?” He asked calmly, without revealing much.
Suspiciously Cillian stopped counting the ten silver and nine copper coins to ask “I won’t take kindly to you going to them and try to extort more money saying you killed him and want them to pay for the reward out of their pockets. They are good, decent folk and don’t need to be harassed.”
Cage shook his head while smiling in a disarming way. “Nah, that isn’t my reason for wanting to know. I’m going to give them an even return and peace of mind to realize he isn’t among the living. I haven’t a clue as where I am so unless you draw me a map to the families place of residence or take me there yourself they’ll not have any closure or have a moment to themselves when their grief won’t allow them to work.”
“Why would you do such a thing with something you earned and serviced the town?” He asked.
“Because when he tried killing me I didn’t know he had a bounty at the time. He was in the wrong place and attacked the wrong person. So in my mind I wasn’t out to claim the money or killed the guy for it. Personally, I didn’t truly earn it so it doesn’t belong to me. The reward belongs to the girls’ families.”
“Very noble.”
“Hardly. I just don’t want money I didn’t seek, but since I need a little and I don’t know the exchange rate of goods or your monetary system I was wondering if a silver would get me proper clothes, traveling equipment and a meal or maybe some rations.”
“It certainly will and I’ll personally guide you to the families. It was a town issue so the reward came from us. As mayor, it is my duty to do a task such as this. So if you are going to do this, I’ll see your idea through first thing in the morning.”
“Father, I can take him.” Meeka voiced oddly and both men turned to see her turning green, but she couldn’t look away from the revolting head and her stomach wouldn’t hold its contents for long. With the open glass window behind the mayor’s desk, that aimed into the woods, Cage picked up the head and threw it over the mayor’s head and it vanished out into the trees. She watched it fly into darkness while her father gave him a grateful nod.
Finally looking better a minute later Cillian kindly said “Meeka, you have your own duties to attend at home and won’t have time to guide Cage to where he needs to go till they are finished.”
“But…’ she began, but Cage added “That will be fine, Meeka. I’ll stay for maybe two days before leaving. We can talk more sometime later.” He then put all the money in the leather pouch tied to his hip. “See you all later.” And ducked to leave.
Meeka then suddenly asked “Where will you stay?”
“Out in the forest as always.”
“Not in my town.” Cillian sighed as he caught the pleading in his child’s innocent eyes and couldn’t ever see her disappointed. “If you aren’t going to the inn and spend your money for a room, I’ll let you stay the night in my home under one condition, you stay out in the barn and not steal anything or cause my family any grief.”
“It will be good to have a roof over my head again. I accept and give my word that I’ll not disrupt anything.”
“Then it is settled. Meeka, take Cage here to the stall and ready our horses while I finish in here.”
“Thank you, Father.” Meeka stated happily and Cage watched as she turned her face completely away from Cillian’s for a grateful embrace. Normally, overjoyed and grateful daughters kiss their father’s cheek. That confirmed it for Cage to believe her frosty story. “Come on, Cage.”
Cillian couldn’t help seeing the tension leave his child as she looked towards the odd man brought to his door and how Cage seemed kind and withdrawn towards her. Even he could tell something strange is going on.
They went downstairs and out to the stalls beside the mayor’s building. Seeing the design of the saddles as similar to those back home, Cage saddled Cillian’s horse as Meeka did hers. It had been quite a while since he had even been near a horse, but being an animal lover helped the mare be quite at ease with a stranger putting the harness and straps on.
Waiting outside the stall, sitting on a bench to rest, Meeka commented “It looked like you were struggling there for a few minutes with the buckles. How long has it been since you’ve ever ridden a horse?”
“Truth is, I’ve only done it once for training to know what it is like. I know how to saddle though because the man who raised me used to have a horse and it was usually my job to take care of her and get her ready for when he wanted to go out for a ride.”
“Do you not like riding horses? Did you have a bad experience that first time?”
“Not really. I made a personal commitment a long time ago to a friend who is no longer with me. He opened my eyes to a truth I didn’t realize till he pointed it out. You wouldn’t understand my reasons. I won’t dominate an animal just to carry me. If I can do it myself, why should I burden another? Besides, I’ve got a lot of walking to catch up on what I’ve missed out.”
“So you will never ride again?” She inquired while tucking a lock of blonde hair behind an ear.
“No ma’am. Not as long as I can so move under my own power.”
Meeka went quiet while trying to figure out the strangeness that wrapped around her companion.
Sever more minutes passed until Cillian came out of the building carrying an oil lantern on a handle. Cage remembered one of similar make in Beau’s shed. It was an antique back then, but here it looked to be a common way go light ones path. Cage stood, undid the latch to the stall and led Cillian’s young mare over to him while Meeka did the same for her paint horse. “Thank you, Cage… please hold my lantern while I mount.”
“Certainly.” And after the leather creaked and settled from weight being applied, Cage returned the burning lantern. Turning around he saw Meeka had an intentional split in her dress so she could ride. It revealed only her right thigh and Cage sighed when he saw it smooth. He thought. Thank goodness women here aren’t all natural and still shave their legs. He then watched questioningly as she tightened the strings around her bosom. It didn’t take much reason to figure out that they’d spill out wondrously.
Cillian then reached down to offer riding double, but was turned down with a head shake. “I’ll run, but thanks. How far to your home?”
An odd look passed the older man, but he answered “At least an hour’s walk. It will be quicker if we ride.”
Cage grinned. “I’ll keep up.”
“If that is your wish…” and gently tapped the horse’s sides to walk ahead.
But before he realized what happened a large flash sped past Cillian and his horse. It was then followed by a joking shadow. “I said I’d run so don’t make your horse slow on my account.”
Cage didn’t stop as he’d seen which direction to go from where Cillian directed them. He then heard the seductive and musical laugh of Meeka and it was followed by her father’s joyous, deep belly chuckle. “Boy, you think to outrun a horse?”
“That’ll never happen, but it doesn’t mean I have to give up now do I?”
“Suppose not!” Cillian retorted as he kicked the horse into a slow run. Meeka laughed as she quickly caught up.
It didn’t take long to overtake Cage, but he ran as fast and as safely as his legs would take him which meant it was like a leisurely jog for the equestrians. The road took them out of the heart of town and the only light to see by on the road came from Cillian’s lamp. As they ran, the father’s attention became divided between safely navigating his mare down the road and the man running for the sheer enjoyment of it. Cillian looked at the strangeness and appearance of Cage and how he carried himself. Never in his life had he felt or had so many conflicting assumptions of a person as he prided himself on reading others. As the run continued he saw a strange marking between Cage’s shoulders and the more he looked at it the more he came to an understanding. Deep rooted anger clouded his mind till he saw the happiness in Meeka as she too couldn’t stop looking at him, but for a different reason. Some dark part of him wanted for her to use her curse on him, but the more he thought the more he couldn’t ask her to do such a thing. He wouldn’t make her lose that genuine smile.

Maybe half hour later Cillian shouted over the horses hooves “Here we are!”
Cage slowed to a casual walk and had to really focus to see anything as the horses also slowed to find only a large, two story wooden home. It still had the bare, unpainted walls as most homes and farmhouses, but its construction is as impressive as the mayor’s office. The house sat in the center of a fifteen acre plot of land, but instead of planted crops there were many artfully placed plants, flowers and many, many herbs that Cage knew well to be for medicinal purposes. To the side of the house stood a small building which he assumed to be an actual outhouse, or as Meeka called it, a privy. On the other side of the candle lit house lay the moderately sized barn. Set on the inside of the open mouthed building was an orange glow from what would be another lamp to guide the family and their horses to it. “Looks like I’ll be able to sleep well tonight.”
“Why is that?” Cillian wondered as he unseated himself to walk the horse’s body out.
Cage’s eyes shifted to the host to explain. “Because, even as a child I had a lot of energy and couldn’t ever find sleep if I didn’t do anything strenuous to burn it off and relax. That run was perfect, thanks.”
“Boy, you’ve built up a sweat, but why don’t you sound the least bit out of breath and you ran the whole way here as if something was out to get you.”
“Like I said, I’ve always been full of energy. Because of it I’ve ran so much that my endurance is quite strong. I can run all day and only take a five minute break and not collapse from exhaustion. But if I ran full-out I could only do so for an hour before dropping like a stone.”
“To run like that for me seems more like magic?”
Oh shit. Cage thought as he quickly retorted before showing any expression that would give him away. “If it was magic then why would I be sweating?”
“Good point!” Cillian chuckled.
Intense, angry barking suddenly rushed in their direction. “Damn! Rhody got out again. Cage, better get behind me. Rhody! Sit! Stay! Halt! No!” Cillian commanded in a rush.
But before the mayor could finish, Cage saw a disturbance in the darkness as a large guard dog rushed upon them, barking so angrily that the horses reared in fright. Cage grinned as he saw the huge canine enter the light and revealed it to be what looked like a crossbreed of a Rottweiler, Pit bull and German shepherd with long white teeth charging right at him.
Cage leaned forward, brought his arms up and took a fighting stance used primarily against small opponents and animals. Rhody leapt at Cage, seeing him as the unknown threat. The attacking dog’s teeth latched onto Cage’s arm intentionally as the human made it happen. Using the momentum and altering the direction, Cage leaned back and twisted in such a way as to lift and slam the dog on its broad side. Knocking the air out of the trained pooch, he released his biting grip, but not before Cage opened his mouth and bit down hard on the dog’s neck. He didn’t draw blood, but the pain got the hound’s full attention.
Releasing his own bite, Cage jumped back and stayed low to the ground while holding himself up on all fours. Rhody quickly found his feet and growled murderously at Cage, but didn’t move to attack again. They stared at each other for a moment, measuring each other, but remembering what just happened, Rhody went down on his belly, whined in submission, ears drooped with the hackles and crawled over with regret written all over him. Cage’s grin melted into a pleased smile as the stance dissolved and he sat on his heels and petted the healthy and soft chocolate brown coat. “That’s a good boy. You won’t do that to me anymore will you?”
“Cage, what in the world did you just do?” Meeka asked in complete denial and Cillian stared with a dumbfounded expression plastered to his face.
He looked up to see her no longer struggling with the reins while he continued petting and stroking Rhody. “Dog’s are pack animals who naturally follow whoever is the strongest. I just beat him and am his leader for right now. His submission means respect and so long as he remembers, he’ll probably not attack me again.”
“But you bit him.”
“Fair is fair. He bit me first and I returned the favor. Those are my rules.” He then stood and firmly said “Rhody, up!” and the large dog obeyed with a slight wag to his tail.
Cillian then asked “I saw him bite your arm. Are you hurt?”
“Besides a little slobber, not at all.”
“May I check?” and Cage held out his arm and Cillian scrutinized the site of saliva, but not a mark was left behind. He then became inquisitive and Cage felt he’d seen enough and pulled his arm back before he could scrutinize the skull engraving and diamond eyes.
“Is anyone hurt!” Came a feminine shout in the distance.
“No, Tiffa.” Cillian shouted. “We’re all just fine. We have a guest so set out another plate, please. We’ll be inside in a few minutes after we stall the horses!”
“Alright!” and the figure vanished inside.
“Who was that?” Cage asked as he pat Rhody to make him feel at ease.
“That is my mother.” Meeka answered. “I’m hungry so let’s put the horses away and eat Mother’s cooking.”
She led the way without another word and everyone followed after her. Sensing all turned out well, the dog moved away to walk at Cillian’s side obediently and most of all quietly.
The barn was simple and Cage heard the clucking of chickens behind the barn. His stomach growled loud enough to make his hosts laugh. “Hungry?” Meeka asked with a small chuckle.
“A bit. It has been quite a while since having a meal I didn’t have to forage for, but mostly I’m thinking of having scrambled eggs for breakfast since that is what my breakfast back home usually consisted of.”
“We’ll see what we can do, but first we need to finish.”
It didn’t take long to fill the trough of three horses with hay and oats.

At the house, Cillian simply pushed the door open since it had been left with a crack. Cage soon found out why it was done so and saw a wooden bolt that would slide across on the inside to lock it. Its sturdy design would be hard to break down. As the inside air assaulted the senses Cage’s stomach cramped with the smell of food. He followed his hosts and shut the front door, threw the bolt in place and as a show of thanks Cillian nodded and Meeka smiled. “Alright Cage, sit at the end of the table where I can see you best.”
“Is there a place I can wash up or wash my hands at least?” He asked Cillian.
He pointed to a closed door near the glossy and finely crafted table and dining room chairs. “You’ll find a bucket of clean water in there and a pump if more is needed. Be quick for you were too absentminded at seeing your surroundings to see that me and Meeka already washed our hands.”
He went inside to fine a lever action pump that pulled water from an aquifer. So far, this piece of equipment is the most advanced piece of technology he had seen since arriving. He took five minutes to wash his hands, hair and torso and felt much more refreshed as he came out to find Cillian sitting at the far head of the table and Meeka sat seductively by her father, but her lovely eyes twinkled mysteriously. Around the table sat five other empty chairs and on it sat four bowls, plates and glass or possibly crystal glasses. Centered low on the table were several lit candles and behind Cillian’s chair lived a crackling fire inside a welcoming fireplace. The wooden floor creaked as Cage took the end of the table and sat, taking in every angle, advantage and inconvenience that might result in a trap. It didn’t seem to be one, but when you lower your guard is when you’ll not be prepared to defend yourself. Then a thumping on the floor proved Rhody lay beneath eagerly and from the sound judged him to be closer to Cillian.
The wait wasn’t long as Tiffa came in through the door where Cage heard the sounds of finishing up the meal. He managed to not react, but his eyes nearly bugged out for Tiffa is just as beautifully natural as Meeka. If not for the very few grays and exceptionally difficult to spot wrinkles around the eye and mouth to locate they would have been considered sisters or even nearly, twins. The red dress Tiffa wore also accentuated her waist, hips and impressive bust. Tiffa’s hair was blonde, but braided whereas Meeka seem to prefer her hair loose and draped over her back as well as shoulders. Tiffa’s delicate blue eyes took Cage in all at once and a small smile appeared when she saw how her daughter looked upon him. “So you are to be the guest my husband spoke of?” She asked in a kind, motherly way.
“That is what I’ve been told, Tiffa. You may call me Cage.”
Tiffa sat down a large platter of food in the center of the table. “Well Cage, what would you like? I’ve made a stew, cooked up sausage, we have wine or ale and fresh baked bread.” Cage watched Cillian eat the first bite without hesitation.
“May I ask what you put in the stew?”
“Why certainly. I’ve put in carrots, potatoes, peppers, peas and mild onions and cooked it since this morning so all the flavors are mixed properly.
“Then I’ll gladly have the stew, bread and I’ll go get water. Is the only water source in the washroom?”
“It is.” She smiled wonderfully.
“Wait a moment, Cage.” Meeka said and he stopped to gaze upon her. “My father personally made the sausage and is the best tasting of the whole town. We have meat and wine so do not worry about making yourself go hungry of you think we cannot afford it.”
He smiled and said “Hold that thought.” and walked into the other room to fill his glass with the water from the pump. He returned to find his soup bowl filled with the steaming contents and a forearm’s length and width piece of warm wheat bread. He sat as Tiffa placed a cover over the soup container and dish of meat. They went silent, wanting to hear his answer. “Have any of you ever heard the term Vegetarian?” He needed to ask for he still didn’t understand all that these people knew.
All three shook their heads. He sighed internally.
“Bottom line, I do not eat meat. I like fruits, vegetables, bread, butter, nuts, berries, eggs that haven’t been fertilized by a rooster, things of that nature. I can consume things that come from animals like milk, cheese and eggs so long as no animal had to die so that I may live. And if you are wondering if I’ve ever eaten meat, yes I have, but not in over sixteen years.”
“Sixteen years?” Cillian asked in wonder as he put a spoon full of stew between his lips, chewed and swallowed. “Does meat taste bad to you or something?”
“Not that I can remember. My thoughts to why I became a vegetarian is this one simple question. Why would I enjoy eating something that tastes so good when the creature that died felt so much pain in its last moments? My answer came simply to me. If I kill when there are alternatives, what makes me any better than the animal that has to die. There are already predators, we don’t have to be. I don’t care either way when I kill, but the victim does. We of the living fight to live, but I try not to take life if it can be avoided or have enough hope to change. I say this about animals only. People are different. If they choose to come and try to kill me they better be prepared to receive the same treatment.”
“You make it sound as if it is easy to kill another.” Tiffa commented.
“Death is neither easy or difficult, it just is.”
“Isn’t killing another wrong?” Meeka asked so low she didn’t believe anyone heard her in the following silence while Cage took a bite and moaned in pleasure. He looked right at her and asked in all seriousness “Do you remember our earlier conversation?”
“What’s this?” Tiffa asked with a smirk when she saw her daughter look down and blush. “What was the context of that conversation?”
When Meeka didn’t respond Cage did. “Tiffa, I told her a scenario that could happen. Life is harsh, wherever you find yourself.” He said more to himself, but her parents nodded. “I was just reminding her that it isn’t easy or hard to take a life when your own is on the line. A woman of her stunning beauty would easily attract the wrong sort and if they were to try and assault her she can simply kiss her way out of the situation, without allowing that same person to do it again to another without a weapon that she cannot lose.”
Silence weighed heavily on the room and Meeka dipped her head. Cage went back to eating with gusto while her parents were so stunned at his openness that hunger had been all but forgotten. Cillian’s eyebrow twitched constantly as he kept making fists to temper such outrageous talk at his table. Tiffa simply couldn’t believe someone could have such odd thoughts and present a curse as a benefit. For Cage, the blend of spices and fresh chunks of vegetables were great and the bread was perfect for soaking up the soup. He didn’t mind being glared at for it was nothing new, but he also noticed how they became only slightly confused as he dipped his bread in the delicious blend. Meeka glanced up to see her parents looking between each other curiously, to her and Cage.
Meeka was embarrassed about how he could so casually turn her curse around, but mostly her silence came from how he referred to her as stunningly beautiful. Others have said as much, but for someone as beautiful as he to say so made her feel excited all over.
Eventually Cage’s sated sigh broke the silence of the room. “Wow, Tiffa, that has to be the best stew I’ve ever eaten.”
“That is kind of you to say.” But before she could say another thing he spoke again. “Since I feel so well fed, how about I do something for you. First I need to know if you have an oven?”
“I have both a wood stove and oven.”
“Good. If you can get me some cheese, tomatoes, seasonings and wheat bread that hasn’t already been cooked I’ll make your family something delicious from where I come from. Oh and any edible mushrooms would be perfect.”
“We’ll need some tomatoes and cheese, but the rest I already have.”
“Then I best be off to get some sleep.”
Tiffa raised a hand saying “One moment, where did you and my daughter meet?”
Meeka suddenly became animated and explained “I heard music and it led me to him out by the lake. Cage, can I ask for one last thing before you leave?” He nodded and sat down again. “Can you play the ocarina for my parents? Can you do the one that is calming?”
“Sure thing, but I make up music by how I feel. I find it hard play two exact numbers.” He said with a smile and both parents had furrowed brows in the exchange. He took it out and watched the reactions of the three and began to play. As the music delicately flowed everyone seemed to get calm and relax. He played for a few minutes before putting it away. “Night, all. I’ll hit the head first and get some sleep.”
“Who’s head are you going to hit?” Cillian wondered with renewed suspicion.
“Ah… um…” He scratched his head for a moment. “Oh, that’s it! Meeka said you call it a privy. It is just an expression. I’m a man of my word, Cillian. So long as I’m a guest, I’ll abide by your rules. Pleasant dreams.” And he left the house, Cillian bolting it shut for the night.
“Strange man.” Cillian stated his personal observation. “He speaks quite differently than any traveler to ever come through Kote.”
“But he is quite handsome. Wouldn’t you agree Meeka?” Tiffa asked mischievously.
“I find him pleasing.” She admitted while spooning her meal around in ever slowing circles.
“Now I want to know everything the two of you did. Leave nothing out, either of you. I’ve missed too much about that man already.”
Cillian first said “That’s fine, but there is another situation I need to discuss with you in private, Tiffa.” When she nodded he turned in his seat while taking a bite out of the cooled bread. “How about you start Meeka? You are the one who found him after all. I can understand why you were so intrigued by his musical instrument and were led to hear more.”
She smiled, glad to be able to be open with her parents. “I was out swimming and heard…”





Chapter 6

“Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!…” Cillian quietly heard from the outside and a strange thump beating with the same timing. He slipped out of bed to see out the open window that morning light had just began to brighten the world. Still he heard a most odd sound and went down stairs to investigate. Reaching the front door he found it unlatched and a mild worry seeped into his bones. He pulled his knife out to find the room and everything within as it should be. Still gripping the knife, he opened the silent door and went outside.
To the right, where the sounds came from, he found his daughter peeking around the house with Rhody curled around by her feet. He grinned and snuck up on her as Meeka’s entire focus lay elsewhere. He quickly put a hand over her mouth to stifle the startled scream that resulted. Cillian was swatted on the arm as she turned round to find him chuckling. “Father, that was rude and uncalled for.” She whispered.
“Not from my end.” He retorted, using the same subdued tone. “What’s going on around here and what are you doing up so early?”
She smiled wonderfully and pointed around the house. “Take a look.”
The man of the house looked around the corner to find his guest by the stacks of chopped wood sitting beside the house. Cage had flipped one of the uncut tree trunks that were round enough to encircle ones arms and touch hands, but only just. It stood nearly as tall as Cage and Cillian watched as he punched, elbowed and kicked in odd ways, but was moving so fast in his strikes that it made Cillian realize just how dangerous of a man he is. Cage kept punching and kicking with such controlled ferocity that if every able bodied man in Kote were set against him they’d all lose. How a man so tall could strike so quickly he did not know, but revealed himself to be a capable warrior. Each strike resulted in shards of wood flying in many directions.
Several minutes more passed as Cillian and Meeka watched in amazement for different reasons. For him is was the precision and intense control, but for her it was watching an arousing figure that made her heart race and desire to have him.
After much of the rough pine bark had been nearly stripped from the pummeling and mulched on the ground, Cage began stretching and doing squats to cool down. He then moved towards the barn and pumped the arm of the well to fill a bucket. Cage then began taking off his shorts, but suddenly turned around from hearing a gasp, his pride slapping loudly against his thigh. Not far away stood his hosts. “That isn’t very polite!” He yelled to them, but then shrugged and dumped the frigid bucket of water over his head to rinse off the acquired sweat.
“He has been truly blessed…” Meeka said quietly as a smile crept into a grin at seeing such an enormous manhood. As all girls have been curious, Meeka had seen a few boys out of curiosity, but never had she seen one quite like that. Her features flushed at the mere thought of taking such a lance inside herself.
Cillian groaned and smacked his head. “Meeka, don’t say those kinds of things in front of your father. My own pride and vanity has also taken a blow this morning… Don’t make it worse.” He sighed and made his way over to the guest, but not before telling his mildly obedient daughter to go back inside. She did so, and with a wry smile.
Cage refilled the bucket and washed one last time as Cillian came over. “Good morning.”
“And one to you too.” Cillian returned and leaned up against the barn. “So what was all that about this morning?”
“It is just something I do to start my day. Fighting and working out has always made me feel better, especially when I get stressed. It has become a routine of mine. I know I should have asked to use your firewood, but I didn’t want to wake you like I obviously had.” He smiled as he rinsed out the shorts as well and put them on. “Nothing wakes you up quite like cold water, now does it?” He said and shook his saturated brown hair and finger brushed it back.
“There can be no doubt.” Cillian laughed as he wiped away the droplets Cage’s hair flung in every direction like some dog. “Sleep well?”
“Quite. I didn’t have the first problem, but I did find a snake curled up near your horse for warmth when I got up. I took it out and returned out to the woods.”
“Is she alright? Was she bitten? Was it venomous?” Cillian asked with a twinge of fear as he went inside to check her out
“It was a simple corn snake and no she wasn’t bitten. It just got a little cold and neither were harmed. So, what is on the agenda this morning?”
“We will have our breakfast first. Then you and I shall leave and go to town to get you proper clothes and afterwards I’ll take you to the families.”
“Sounds like a plan.” Cage then pulled the small knife out of his pocket and asked “Do you have a mirror I can possibly use?”
“Sure thing.” Cillian stopped rubbing his horse’s side, stepped outside the stall and entered a door that housed quite a bit of farming equipment, three saddles, tack and feed. Cillian then came out with a square, six inch mirror and waited for a few minutes while Cage shaved off the stubble. Oh how he wished for a real razor, but it seemed like these people haven’t invented all that made life back home so quick and easy. But he had a smooth jaw minutes later and thanked Cillian.

An hour later Meeka came outside to say “Father! Cage! Breakfast is ready!” and Cage noticed she had changed into a different shade of blue dress of a similar design, but this one really emphasized her impressive breasts and liquid blue of her eyes. They and Rhody all followed her inside, but Cage grabbed a few dozen green pine needles fresh from a nearby tree. None asked him why as they all went inside to sit down. Unlike at dinner, they had actual ceramic glasses set out with the bowls and plates from last night. Meeka disappeared into the kitchen as the two men sat down as they had last night.
Tiffa came out first with a whistling, old fashion, cast iron teakettle. “Cage, we usually have tea with our breakfast. Would you like that?”
“Perhaps we aren’t so different after all…” He smiled as he held up the pine needles. “I like hot tea with my breakfast as well. But I prefer to steep pine needles since they taste great and are packed with Vitamin C.”
She blinked rapidly. “What is Vitamin See?”
“First let me ask, I see many medicinal herbs growing all around your home. Are you some kind of doctor, nurse, medical professional or healer of some kind?”
“I’m a healer.” She admitted hesitantly, unsure of all the words he uses.
“Do you know about scurvy? A disease that results in poor diet?”
“I have treated scurvy many times before. Usually all I need is lemon or oranges for treatment.”
“But those fruits don’t grow at all times and I bet they don’t preserve well?” She nodded with more enthusiasm. “The vitamins that are in those fruits are also in these needles, but are more concentrated. It isn’t advised you eat them, but in tea it makes for fast absorption and treatment.”
“This land you come from, are you a healer there as well?”
“Where I am from I have learned many, many things. Perhaps if my journey brings me back here someday I’ll teach you so many ways to heal injuries you’ll be able to save many more lives.”
“That would be wonderful.” Her blue eyes twinkled with interest.
She poured a steaming glass of water and watched as he steeped the needles as she also poured three more glasses and sat a cup of dried leaves in the center of the table. Cillian took a scoop and brewed his tea.
Meeka then entered with a laden tray of food and sat it beside her curious mother. She then said “I remembered what you said last night about what you eat and don’t and I’ve cooked breakfast accordingly. We have scrambled eggs, biscuits, steamed carrots and raspberries. And for you, Father, I cooked up some sausages from last night.”
“Excellent!” both men exclaimed and made the room laugh.
Towards the end of the filling and delicious breakfast Tiffa curiously asked “Cage, do you mind if I try that pine needle tea you made?”
“Not at all. It is best for a healer to understand by personal experience.” And he passed over the quarter amount that remained in the cup without any problem since he finished.
Tiffa first tested the aroma to find it did smell pleasant and have a fine citrus scent. She then tasted it and opened her eyes wide at the clean and heady flavors that tingled her tongue. She took another sip and nodded to personal thoughts. “Why wasn’t I taught this?... Cage, when the next dietary problem arises I’ll try this and if it works, which I have little doubt, I’ll gladly sit down and learn anything you have to offer.” Meeka then asked to try it and also seemed to enjoy it.
“Be careful you don’t treat diarrhea with that tea, it will only make matters worse. Use blueberries and raw garlic cloves as treatment for cases like that and make sure they drink plenty of fresh water to rehydrate what they lost.”
“I know about blueberries, but not garlic. The patients might not like bad breath.”
“I think they might prefer it to running to the privy all day and hope they don’t miss the hole for the seconds it takes to drop their pants.” His wry smile made the whole room laugh at the imagery.
Cillian said “Though I do not like such talk at the table I cannot help but imagine some poor soul indisposed in the very moment we are discussing a way to help him.” At that moment, under the table, Rhody released the loudest intestinal discharge of gas Cage had ever heard from a dog and it got another round of laughs.
“Think we should clear the room?” Cage asked pointing at what waited beneath the table.
Cillian shook his head. “For all his bad habits, his one benefit is he doesn’t stink up the place like old Menat.”
Tiffa then gagged in remembrance. “Don’t remind me of that foul animal. He makes a room full of hogs smell like flowers.”

“Ready?” Cillian asked as the table was cleared.
“Sure.” Cage admitted. “Good bye Tiffa and you too Meeka.” They both waved back.
It didn’t take long for Cillian to mount up and Cage to start a leisurely jog. About a mile from the house Cage heard the mayor sighing every few seconds. “Out with it, Cillian. All morning you’ve been looking at me with a question on your mind. Actually you seem to treat me with kid gloves ever since you brought me to your place. I’m not going to hurt you or your family if you need to ask me a question. We are alone so get it off your chest.”
Cillian pulled on the reigns to come to a stop and Cage looked up at the man. “Cage, I must ask you a very serious question and I need the truth. Are you a mage?”
“First, what exactly is a mage?”
“A person capable of using magic. It is a general way to categorize someone with magical abilities. Meeka’s curse makes her a mage, but involuntarily. Can you use magic freely.”
“Then I am a mage. Is there a reason why you want to know?”
Cillian swallowed thickly and a wild look came into his eyes. “Does Meeka have any idea?”
“Don’t think so. I haven’t given her any indication nor does she look at me in suspicion as you do.”
He became a bit more relaxed in the saddle. “Then may I ask, do you know how to remove the curse from her? Can you do anything?”
Cage began to scratch his head. “Honestly I don’t have any idea on what has been done to her. I’ve just recently learned I can do magic in the past few months and I can only do small things…”
“Like what?”
Cage looked around to see the road clear. He then looked to the ground and opened his hand to say “Pebble!” and both watched the rough pebble jump from several feet away into Cage’s palm. He cocked his arm back, said “Bullet.” And threw the projectile faster than he could humanly throw and watched it burrow deeply into a tree. “Lightshow!” he then said and Cillian urged the mare back till he realized the orb simply flashed a multitude of colors. “And the last thing I’ve learned to do is create an illusion. Don’t freak out with what you’re about to see.” He waited for Cillian to nod and calm before spelling out “Create an exact mirror duplicate of Cillian and the mare without any distortions.” And an image rippled together in the exact form of the opposite image of them. Cillian’s eyes bulged till he realized nothing was wrong and as he moved so too did the image. Every aspect was exact, without any superficial flaws. He pulled the reigns and got closer and tried to touch, but hesitated and asked “Is it safe for me to touch it?”
“It isn’t real so I doubt you’ll feel anything.”
He went to touch, but his fingers went right through the ones reaching back. He then admitted “It is disorientating to see something so real, but not feel anything.”
With a thought the image vanished, but Cage only showed his magic as a test and learned something. Cillian, and most likely other people who cannot use magic, couldn’t even feel him using the skill like he felt another source when being led to the gauntlets and boots. But using the magic this time made him slightly lightheaded for a few moments. Cillian was in his own thoughts and it gave Cage the time he needed to recover. Eventually he said “Since these are the spells I know at the moment, I can do nothing for Meeka. If I could I would for she truly wants to live her life as a woman should have the right, but I’m learning what I can and cannot do. I keep experimenting, but what would really expedite my progress would be a manual or preferably a teacher who is also a mage. But if I knew someone like that I could simply ask them to see if it would be even feasible to remove Meeka’s freezing kiss.”
Cillian sighed. “Then don’t bother. After Meeka became cursed I had watched Tiffa suffer long enough. As men, we cannot understand the maternal bond, but when Tiffa lost the closeness to feed our daughter or even kiss her I broke down and tried to defy her fate and sought the help of the Magical Council and requested someone come and remove the curse placed upon her. Someone did come several seasons later, but he said he had never even heard of a spell that had been somehow woven directly into her very spirit. He used a lot of jargon I couldn’t possibly comprehend, but if he didn’t even know where to begin I doubt anyone can help, but I had to ask.”
“I understand, but can you tell me who did it? If I find the caster then whoever they are might have a way to undo what happened.”
This time the older man shook his head and gently started the horse in a walk. “I cannot. He spelled my whole family to protect his identity. But I doubt he’s alive from what I saw back then. Not even a mage can live through that…”
“Alright! But Cillian, I promise if I ever come across something that will help I’ll come back and see it done. You and your family have been very kind and I always return my favors.”
“Much appreciated, Cage. By the way, last night, you say you don’t know our exchange rate or monetary policy, where you come from, how is it different?”
“Back home, it is a mind-numbing process to explain. These days they use numbers as currency and can make money in many different ways or a person has a card that can pay for things at a shop, but the preferred method of exchange is with a paper-like object we call dollars. Printed on the paper is how much the paper can be used to buy things. The higher the number on the paper the greater amount or object’s goods you can afford and for smaller currency we have, normally, four different coins. Don’t even get me started on all the bogus and bullshit taxes I was forced to live by. For me to teach you how currency works where I’m from will take months or even years, even then it will get more confusing since it seems technology is lacking here.”
“Is that a bad thing?”
Cage grinned brilliantly. “Not in the slightest. Honestly, I like it here much more. There are some thing I miss, but the simplicity and lack of development is what I prefer. There is so much destruction and heartache that I would rather remain here till the end of my days. Back there a person’s word doesn’t mean even the dirt beneath our feet. When I said I gave my word last night, you relaxed, if only slightly. If people’s words actually mean something here I’ll be content, but unlike you I’ve been burned far too many times to ever fully trust another’s word. The past few hours have proven you are true to what you say, but I’m still keeping a measured pace from you if you haven’t noticed. You are never within arm’s reach to use your knife effectively and truly cause me harm.”
Cillian burst into laughter. “If you don’t cause my family or people harm you don’t have need to fear my blade.”
“If that is the price, you’ll never need to fear my fist or magic.”
“Then we are agreed?” And Cage nodded with a “We are.” and they shook hands to finalize the agreement.
“I have another question, Cillian. How did you suspect I was a mage?”
“That strange symbol on your back mostly. It is the most perfect tattoo I’ve ever seen and it is said that mages have exquisite and detailed markings such as yours. Also it seems you do not take off your long armguards or boots and last night when I felt your arm it felt like skin, but Rhody’s teeth didn’t even pierce it.”
“Hmm.” He grunted and said “Thanks for the talk, I’ve learned a few things like how magic can be used to silence people without the need to kill them or how people without magic can be cursed into using it.”
“But from all I’ve been able to learn, Cage, is that people might refer to Meeka as a mage, but she is actually classified as a magician, a person who can use magic, but cannot do it originally by themselves. Magicians get their limited powers from actual mages. That is all I know. If I knew anything about magic I would tell you, but since it will do nothing for we common people, the Magical Council doesn’t leave much for common knowledge.”
“Interesting.”
Ten silent minutes of walking ended as Cillian said “Back to my earlier subject, before we clearly diverted to another, I wanted to explain how money here works. We only have three coins so it is easy to understand. Both Vlara and Emroc have almost identical methods regarding money…”
“What is a Vlara and Emroc?” Cage wondered and Cillian gave him a deeply confused expression, but didn’t hold a grudge when he understood Cage wasn’t being flippant. “Vlara is the name of the land we are in and Emroc lays on the other side of the Jamma Ocean. Looks like you might need a map as well before you end up lost if you still intend to wander about.”
“That is just what I need actually.”
“Then after getting you suitable attire and speak to the families I’ll tell you where to go. Now, before we lose our place again, let me explain our money. The three coins are copper, silver and gold. Copper and silver are roughly the same size as you well know, but gold is half the size, but of similar thickness. One copper will usually get a meal and if you’re lucky, a drink. Ten copper is equal to a silver, and ten of those equal to one gold. Most farmers make three or four gold each year, but a merchant makes thrice the number in gold if he is skilled enough. The inn here in Kote charges two coppers for a filling meal and two for every night you decide to stay. Normally a good horse is worth four or five silvers and clothes run three to eight coppers depending on what you intend to buy. I believe you will have much less trouble learning about our ways of business than I were to learn your ways. Lastly, the king is fair and taxes us twelve percent of whatever we make. It is so fair, most don’t bother with falsifying their annual income. There are others who try, but if they are caught they are charged fifty percent each year for as long as the culprit lives. And if they are caught a second time they lose all their possessions in an auction and are forced to start all over again.”
“So they aren’t sent directly to prison for laundering?”
“Only if they truly ruined the lives of others. If they do it to themselves it is punishment enough. Quite a few turn to bandits, but Vlara’s military and home guard keep us quite safe.”
Grimly Cage stated “It didn’t protect those girls.”
“Very true, Mage, very true.”

An hour’s walk later Cage saw the town as something different as it came alive in the morning. Many of the men wore long pants and wool shirts, but nearly every woman wore a dress that ranged from new to old, to nearly scandalous to extremely conservative. Some of the younger women wore short skirts and tight shirts. But what is refreshing is to see the older women not scornfully rebuking the younger and more revealing women. Quite a few said ‘Hello Mayor!’ and he would return the shout while impressing Cage for he knew every person’s name. But the biggest spectacle made Cage’s defenses go up as high as possible without appearing to be nervous for nearly every townsperson stopped to look upon him with more interest than he was used to. He thought he felt prepared for today, but found out quick he wasn’t. Many of the younger women licked their lips, walked with more sway in their hips, batted their eyes and gave off many more subtle signals that said they were very interested to get to know him. He didn’t give any form of invitation or even look for long at them. Cage just walked on, memorizing the lay of everything and any potential threats.
He counted twenty large men carrying swords, eleven with well used bows, crossbows and arrows. Most men carried a knife and displayed it as a warning, but observation told that less than half knew how to use it or wouldn’t be one to stay for a fight. Women carried baskets and only a few walked alone. Those that did looked sure enough to handle themselves. It seemed in this world you had to work hard and be fit, otherwise someone will take advantage.
Over nearly all entrances of businesses were simple signs depicting their profession, carved into wood. An anvil was apt for Cage heard the loud ringing of steel being beaten into steel. A bread sign came into view, as well as the sweet smell of baking bread and pastries. There was a sign depicting an overflowing backpack with rope and tools spilling out. And beside the chandlers business displayed a sign of a needle with a loop of thread leading to a spool. “This the place, Cillian?”
“It is. Go ahead on in. I’ll wait out here till you are through.”
A bell above rang as Cage opened the door and came inside to find two women behind a simple wooden counter, hand sewing together material. On one side of the room were varying dresses and on the other were men’s apparel. The store was quite large compared to other buildings in the town, but they needed the extra room since he found an old wooden loom with a spool of yarn being woven by one of the two women. Cage began to wonder how some period technology seemed slightly mismatched, but then again he found himself in a different world. Hearing the sound of the bell, one older woman at the table sewing together fabric looked up to find a customer in obvious need of clothes and smiled as she put the materials down and approached. “Welcome, I’m Millie, how can I help you?”
He smiled pleasantly and watched as her cheeks reddened. “I’m new to these parts. What would you suggest for a man on a journey. I need the clothes to not restrict movement if a fight becomes necessary and woodsy colors are more my style. Greens, browns and black are my preferred colors. I must also ask if you use cotton?”
She smiled again. “Certainly sir, I have just what you are looking for… you are quite taller than our usual customers, but I think we’ll find you something comfortable. If you are traveling, are you looking for spare sets?”
“I am.”
“Come this way.” And she gestured to the men’s section. She began moving through racks of folded cotton pants that had been dyed to the colors he requested and with a professional eye and knowledge of her store and its merchandise, she selected an assortment. She allowed him to try on the shirts and only three fit his build. He also selected two brown pants that were as sturdy and well made as jeans were back home.
He gave over the only silver he’d use and she returned eight coppers. “Have a wonderful day.”
Cage stepped out in a pair of new pants and a dark green shirt. He looked to the bench to find Cillian not where he said he’d be. He found him standing over in the shade of a building across the dirt road. The mayor waved him over and Cage saw the calm seriousness on his expression and the mildly saddened one on the other man’s. “What’s going on, Cillian?”
He jerked his head and said “This is Paul, the father of one of the girls. He lives near and I caught him just a moment ago.”
“Ah.” Cage said and passed by them both to move towards an empty barrel and dumped the contents onto the flat surface. Paul looked questioningly between the mayor and the tall young man. Cage began counting out three silvers and two copper coins. He originally received nine copper, but the man he killed had twenty four copper previously so he divided the extra copper into even numbers per family. He took the counted coins in one hand and placed the remainder inside the leather pouch. Cage then turned around and held out a clenched fist. “Paul, this is for you. It is your share for the bounty of the man who murdered your daughter.”
The grieving man opened his hands slowly while asking “What is this? The man who killed my girl is dead? Truly?”
Cillian gently gripped the man’s shoulder. “Paul, this is Cage. He brought me that bastard’s head last night and it most certainly was him. I’ll give you more details later in the tavern when I break for the noon meal. Right now I’m acting as guide for the lad and we have a few more stops we need to go.”
Angry tears spilled down his cheeks. “I have only one question to ask about the man who took away my only family. Did he suffer?”
Cage grinned. “I personally made sure of it.”
Out of characteristic, Paul dropped the coins on the ground and embraced Cage, who went rigid and clenched his fist should the man try to move in an awkward situation, such as to draw a hidden knife in his sleeves, he’d hit the ground before even thinking of harming Cage. But he understood the situation and allowed the relieved father to give gratitude for a few brief seconds. He then turned around to find Cillian retrieving the coins and returning them. “I’m sorry for that, young man. Thank you again. If ever you are in need you may stay at my house and eat at my table at any time.”
“That is very kind, but I have other errands to attend.” He smiled in heartfelt relief and watched as Cage departed.
Cillian then said “Now let us go get you some supplies and a map.”
They moved back across the street and entered a chandler’s shop. Inside lay a mismatched room of supplies ranging from seeds to wagon wheels. There didn’t seem to be any order, but it wasn’t unpleasant to look at, nor did it smell as expected as sandalwood permeated the air. From the ceiling hung farm tools, rope, new lanterns and all manner of supplies to deal with nearly everything a person might need. A small man sat behind the counter and said “Well good morning, Mayor. What brings you here today?”
“Hello, Jom. Need to get a few things for Cage here.”
“Certainly, what do you need?”
“A small traveling pack to begin with.” Cage stated. “I’ll also probably need about a hundred feet of thin rope, but strong enough to support a person’s weight with ease and not possibly break if used under normal circumstances. A map would also be great since I’m already lost. Do you also carry salt?” Jom nodded while taking mental notes of the order. “I’ll also need a water bottle, two metal cups and a bowl. Lastly I’ll need travel rations that do not involve meat.”
“That will be easy enough to get together. It’ll be ten copper for it all.” Jom said, but then Cillian cleared his throat meaningfully and Cage noticed a warning eyebrow. “Alright, nine then.” With no more disgruntled sounds Cage dished out the coins and waited while the small man rushed through the store and collected all the supplies in moments. The map was rolled up and placed in a thin wooden cylinder while the water bottle is little more than a carved wooden tube with an threaded lid similar to a large thermos.
Cage slid everything into the bag, threw the lone strap over his shoulder and left. As they began walking down the street again Cage asked “What was all that about?”
“Sometimes you need to be wary when dealing with peddlers for more often than not they will overcharge for their wares. Food sellers are usually more even in what they charge, but chandlers and hawkers usually seek to swindle, if only marginally. Jom charged you little more than the worth of the objects and knew what would happen with me standing in the room.”
“People are people no matter where you go.” Cage commented, but Cillian thought he was being spoken to and added “That has been my assessment as well.”

It didn’t take long for Cillian to mount his horse and for them to travel to the edge of town. Curiosity got the better of Cage and he removed the paper map from the cylinder. “Whoa!” he said in a rush as he took in the map’s features. He looked all over and found the mayor stopped and gazing down with mixed emotions. To explain he said “I just wasn’t expecting a map quite like this. I expected something hand drawn and lacking, but the details are so great I’d swear it was a picture taken from high in the sky.” What he didn’t say was that it was a topographical map even a picture taken from an orbital satellite couldn’t match. The more he looked the more details were revealed. He found the land of Vlara in larger print and across the Jamma Ocean laid Emroc, but to the top of the map said the Laqura Empire. Cage quickly located Kote towards the bottom center of the map, but the island he had lived on for the past few months didn’t have a name. Quickly he scaled the map by the size of the island by how long it took to run from one end to the other. Realization also became clear that the map again wasn’t from Earth for he had been all over and no landmass looked anything like what lay in his hands.
Cillian then said humorously “If you wanted a hand drawn map I can have one made, but it is more accurate to use what is in your clutches. The reason it is so detailed is because it is magically detailed and given at little charge from the Magical Council. They said they used magic to place our land upon paper with more accuracy than traditional methods. I’ve known many travelers who would have gotten in serious danger if not for the map’s clarity to get them out of treacherous terrain. It will come quite in handy.”
When Cage heard it had been magically made he closed his eyes, but could not even sense the slight tingle of magic being used. He decided that it either didn’t take much to make or it didn’t hold the magic after the ink dried.
He put the paper away and left to give the remaining money to the families and they were still sad, but happy the man wasn’t among the living.

Around the noon hour Cage and Cillian returned to town and the mayor said “I must attend to my duties. My beloved and Meeka should be around soon. I believe you should be well enough on your own.”
“Thanks again.” And they separated.
Cage wandered around for several minutes, learning about a different way of life. He had seen Amish people before, but it didn’t seem so idiotic to live as he did now that he stood in the heart of a town that’s main mode of transportation is actual horsepower and instead of using cell phones to talk or text, these people talked face to face. It was quaint and more relaxing to take in.
Fifteen minutes passed before Cage noticed two beautiful riders clopping into town on familiar horses. Meeka noticed him instantly and said something to her mother before altering the direction of her horse in his direction. She smiled and asked “What are you up to?”
“Just watching the interaction and bustle of your little town.”
“After I stable my horse would you like to accompany me?”
“I don’t see a reason not to.”
“Terrific!” She beamed and left before returning a few minutes later carrying a basket in the curve of her arm.
As they began walking together it became impossible not to see the townspeople openly staring right at them and whispering. To break the awkward silence he asked “So where did your mom go today? She just disappeared somewhere.”
“A healer’s work is never done. Mother has taught me the art of healing, but so many are afraid of my curse that I cannot even get close to help or even try to minister to an ailment. Mother delivered a baby two days ago and is checking on the mother and child and afterwards will go to help apply a poultice to a farmer who cut his leg quite badly with a sharpened scythe.”
“What about you. What are your plans for today?”
“I’m to collect the ingredients you wanted to cook tonight.”
“Alright then, sounds like a plan.”
Cage stayed by her side and they talked pleasantly while completely ignoring the crude staring and whispering. They went to a nearby dairy farm and bought a wheel of cheese before going back around and buying perfectly ripe tomatoes. Meeka also had to buy some meat for Cillian that he’d want to grind into more sausage since she said he hadn’t time to go hunting recently. Cage also noticed how kind and courteous Meeka is to everyone though they look at her with fear and some with scorn, but the oddest was watching the exchange of when she handed over the coppers that none would actually take the coins till she put them on the table so that they never came anywhere near enough to risk touching her.
Cage asked “Is there a place that sells candy?”
“Candy? What is that?”
“Usually candy is small, bite-sized delicacies that are nearly pure sugar and very sweet. I’ve always had a sweet tooth.”
“You must let me try this candy one day, but the only sweet treat I know of are tarts that we can get at the bakery. And I too enjoy sweet things. I also enjoy salty things as well.
“Then you’ll die if I ever make sea-salt ice cream.”
She giggled and he laughed, causing heads to turn. “Let’s go to the bakery then.” Meeka nodded emphatically.

They came out of the local bakery with two blueberry tarts that only cost a copper, but they sat down on a wooden bench under the awning and enjoyed the treat. As he took the last bite Meeka said “You’ve got some escaping jam.” and swiped the runaway sweetness from his chin and ate it, but all he did was grin and shake his head. He chuckled and leaned back saying “That was by far the messiest tart I’ve ever had, but also the most delicious.”
“It takes quite a lot of skill to master eating a tart from here without making a mess.”
“You can say that again.”
Meeka looked at him oddly. “It takes quite a lot of skill to master eating a tart from here without making a mess.”
Cage doubled over and laughed. “No, Meeka, it is just an expression that means I agree wholeheartedly. I didn’t mean for you to repeat yourself.”
“Oh.” And she then giggled enough to make her breasts bounce.
“Excuse us sir, but do you have a moment?” Someone asked.
Cage looked over and saw a pack of young and beautiful women standing not far away. He counted four and they all looked at him with a twinge of fear, but also with a jealous sway to their movements in a subtle way to attract him closer and the setting of their shoulders displayed their breasts to their best advantage. Each young woman appeared to be in their early twenties or late teens, but gave off a conceited feeling when they momentarily glanced at Meeka. He looked over, but didn’t move as he asked “Is there something I might be able to do for you ladies?”
The lead girl with the most beauty, and the one who commanded the others, took a few steps closer and admitted “We rarely get any travelers that come here and aren’t part of a merchant caravan or wear the patrol standards of the military and were wondering if you would like to spend some time with us? We would be much better company.” She added for spite and a small, satisfied grin appeared as Meeka looked down and flushed with indignation.
“How can you judge who the better company is when I’m quite enjoying myself with this pretty little thing?” Meeka tensed, but the other woman’s jaw dropped, as did her friends.
“Sir it would be best to not associate with a murderer.”
“How do you know my hands aren’t stained either?”
That got them looking at each other nervously, but they still didn’t give up. “What you might not realize is she is cursed. She cannot give anything to a man as we can. You will be quite pleased with one of us.” She offered out in the open.
But they weren’t expecting his next reaction. He smiled and lit up like a kid at Christmas when he found the biggest, fastest, loudest and most obnoxious toy that he had always wanted that would piss off every adult for miles around. Cage began to bounce in his seat as he turned and began playfully poking Meeka’s arm. “Wow! You’re cursed! I never met a cursed person. What can you do? Can you turn into a hideous beast and chase rabbits? Can you spit fire every time you fart? Oh, can you shoot lights out of your eyes every time someone says ‘Who’s yo daddy?’ oh I guess that one is a little silly. Wait maybe you grow wings if someone tickles you. Lemme try!” and he wiggled his fingers in Meeka’s ribs and she couldn’t help but laugh and jump away from the suddenness.
“Cage, please stop.” Meeka couldn’t help as another giggle slipped passed her lips. It turned into another lilting laugh as she saw the stricken expression of the others.
The leader then found herself again and this time spoke in a demanding tone “Sir! If you value your life stay away from that Thing!”
Cage suddenly stood and jumped in front of the four women, scaring them in place. A dozen villagers looked upon the situation, as did Cillian as his expression had turned red in anger. Cage then demanded himself to all four “Who the hell do you think you are to tell me to come with you selfish whores? What gives you the right to hurt Meeka’s feelings just because you do not understand what you think you know? She has been nothing short of kind to a stranger and is polite to every person she speaks with. If you were in her place would you want to be called a fucking Thing! Her company will be of more value than a thousand spread leg individuals like yourselves. So don’t you dare think you are better than she! And if you were real women you wouldn’t so openly proposition a stranger just because you are jealous that his attention is upon a beautiful woman who far exceeds your own. Get out of my sight and never talk to me again. And if you even try taking out your biased hatred on Meeka because of your own petty personality, I’ll come back for every one of you and all persons included in any plot. And if I get word she dies within the next few weeks or months I’m coming for you in vengeance. Am I understood?!”
The four began to snivel, which turned into full fledged tears before turning around and fleeing in different directions.
Most spectators stared openly or in pity for the open scolding Cage delivered, but Cillian walked away with a satisfied smile as he continued to do all his duties.
Cage turned around to find Meeka staring with an expression that said she was completely unaware with the situation that occurred and didn’t know what exactly to do. He then asked “Are we done shopping for the day?”
Her wild eyes met his and seemed to relax. She quickly cleared her throat and said “We are.”
“Good. Let’s get out of here. It will take me some time to prepare tonight’s meal.” He then grabbed her basket and his new pack.
Reaching the stalls, the crowd had become nonexistent. Her mind was a constant blur and buzz that wouldn’t calm, but as expected in a small town, word of the confrontation buzzed like wildfire and nearly all of Kote heard. Looks ranged from denial, confusion, upset, quiet anger and even a small amount satisfaction. Some wanted to confront the newcomer till they got a good look and quickly lost the will. As Meeka seemed to run on auto-pilot and saddle her horse Cage eventually asked kindly “Who were those women?”
Meeka eventually finished and sat down on a bale of hay. “They were Jakie, Elan, Main and Yala.”
“Why were they like that?”
She met his calm black eyes as he leaned against a post. “Mostly because that is what they’ve always done. And partly because I once fancied Jackie, the one who spoke to you. Ever since she found out I did she has made every slight and cruel thing possible to make me feel disgusted with myself. But she was once so beautiful I couldn’t not think of her naked for many months.” This didn’t seem to faze Cage in any way. “Don’t you find it odd for me to say such a thing?”
He raised an eyebrow. “What? That you like guys as well as girls?” She nodded after a brief hesitation while trying to figure him out with no success. “Not one bit. We are who we are and we love the same way. I have no right to tell another that they should love only of the opposite sex. I say if they are happy being gay, good for them. Women are usually more freer in their sexual orientation with finding love of the same and opposite sex. Stunning bisexual women like yourself are highly sought after. Personally, all I can say is to be yourself. If you love both men and women, I suggest you seek out your happiness.”
“And you?”
“Me? I only get aroused by women so I’m completely straight.”
“No, not that. I could tell that much. I’m just wondering if you are the kind of man who would like to have two others in your bed?”
An odd look passed through him and she didn’t miss it, but didn’t know what it meant. “Truthfully, I doubt I’ll ever get the chance again. But yes, I’ve had a threesome before. I like being mostly alone for there are less complications.”
“If not for my curse, would you like me in your bed?” She asked without thinking and blushed, but instantly regretted saying it.
“There is no question as to your beauty or how you can heat a man’s very blood, but it will probably never happen. I might not ever lay with another for as long as I live, but I truly hope that you find love, however it may come. Now saddle up so I can make good on my promise.”
Crestfallen, Meeka saddled and secured the basket on the saddle. Then she laughed as she began to ride down the road and Cage smirked as he looked up questioningly. “I still cannot believe how hard you made me laugh earlier. Do I spit fire when I fart!” She quoted again and pealed out another musical laugh.

Halfway to her house and out where none lived came the hard riding of horses. Hearing the speed at which they hurried Cage and Meeka turned around to find two men charging in their direction. Not wanting to get involved and hoping they would pass on north, Meeka urged her steed over and Cage followed the example.
But as the riders came closer Meeka came to a realization. “Oh no! Cage, those are Elan’s older brothers.”
“One of the girls I told off?” and she nodded. “Which one?”
“The one with black hair, green eyes and wore the yellow dress. What should we do?” She asked with worry.
“Stay here of course.” And he smiled as he remembered exactly which girl.
And that they did. The two horses didn’t take long to swiftly carry their passengers close. Both were quite large and were caked in sweat and dirt like most farmers. They were related by easily distinguishable by familial traits, but both looked upset. They jerked on the reigns and both horses cane to a stop. The slightly older looking one demandingly asked “Are you the one called Cage? The one who accosted our little sister?”
“I am.” Cage stated in complete ease since telling the truth is easier.
“Do you have anything to say for yourself before we beat some manners into you?” The other sneered as both dismounted.
“Only that you boys turn around right now before you do something stupid.”
“You think you can take us both on?” The elder one asked while removing a studded wooden club and approached with obvious intent.
Seeing Cage’s casual confidence, Meeka dismounted and moved to stand at his side. It forced both brothers to stop as they quickly realize who she is. “Gentlemen, please leave our guest alone. No one was harmed in the personal dispute so let it not start.” She said sweetly to avoid a confrontation.
“None were hurt?! That man called her a whore in front of the whole town!” He seethed while further gripping the club.
“If Elan didn’t follow Jackie around like a dog and didn’t object to being part of her proposition to bed me, she wouldn’t have been there or would have walked away before she became involved in something so pathetic. She needs to find better friends or learn to fight for herself. It was her fault to hear the truth. And by the way, she isn’t as innocent as she appears and is in a hurry for an excuse. Her skin and movement gave me the knowledge she’s already pregnant.” Cage said with such nonchalance that it silenced all talk for the moment.
It simply made the brothers furious.
Meeka stepped in front of Cage just as the two were about to step closer. “Who wants a kiss?” She asked with a strange confidence she never believed possible.
In their maddened state they didn’t hear her warning and charged the dozen yards with upraised clubs.
“Meeka, Move!” Cage shouted, but her confidence shattered and fear held her locked in place. The brothers moved faster than Cage initially judged and tried to knock Meeka aside, but was a fraction of a second late.
The older brother brought the studded, three foot club down, aiming to crack Meeka’s skull and bash it in. Cage swiftly kicked Meeka’s left leg, throwing her off balance and drop to the right, but the club came down hard on her shoulder. The joint popped out loudly, but not as loud as her scream of anguish that came next.
“I’m going to enjoy this.” Cage vowed with a grin as he set his sights on the other two that paused when her scream brought them back to reality. He jumped over her and firmly planted his foot in the center of the first brother’s sternum. The man dropped back hard as he took the impact and tried to reclaim the wind that left his lungs. While Cage tried regaining his footing, the other one swung his heavy stick and Cage tried blocking, but didn’t make it in time as it contacted his ribs. The only blessing was it was an odd strike without much power. It didn’t truly matter as the weight alone cracked a rib. But as he tried pulling it back for another strike, Cage snaked his arm around it and kicked the elbow, solidly hitting the extended joint and dislocating it so painfully a scream wasn’t strong enough to voice the newfound agony. Cage dropped the club and punched with enough force to break the man’s nose and have it instantly begin to bleed like a gushing fountain. The pain was too much for him and fainted. “You’re next!” Cage declared as the older brother managed to find his feet. He again swung the club, but for such a heavy weapon it was slow. He brought it down and Cage stepped in and grasped the man’s grip while also slamming the heel of his hand into the shoulder to dislocate it as he had undoubtedly done to Meeka, but Cage wasn’t done yet as he tightened his left handed grip so hard the bones began to break under the force of a once paraplegic who never surrendered. The man dropped, but Cage didn’t let the mangled hand go till he felt satisfied to say “You might never be able to use that hand again, but if it heals it will never be the same. And lastly, tell your sister I’ll not come for her this time because you two didn’t heed my warning. Get out of here before I make your life impossible to recover from. Let this hand forever remind you of the hurt you gave to Meeka, a person who never did you harm.” And he released his grip to watch the elder brother fighting not to cry while holding a lifeless arm. Cage effortlessly threw the unconscious brother over the sweaty steed and tied him down before smacking the horse’s rear to send him on home. The other brother hurried to catch up before something else happens.
Turning around, Cage found Meeka sitting up while trying not to show her misery and failing completely. He rushed over and offered her the strap of his pack. “Bite down on this.” She did without hesitation. He grabbed her arm and said “On the count of three. One.” And popped the arm back in place while she wasn’t fully prepared. A muffled scream and tears slid down her cheeks. He then, as gently as possible, began to feel the bone and stated “It only dislocated. It didn’t fracture or splinter. I know it hurts, but hold it till I can fashion a sling when we get to your house.
When the pain ebbed she spat out the strap, gritted her teeth and had help to stand again. She gasped as he scooped her in his powerful arms and gently placed her in the saddle. He took the reins and led the horse back to her estate where he’d make a sling for her arm.

Rhody whined, sensing his owner’s pain and discomfort. But afterwards Cage watched as she went outside and plucked a few medicinal leaves that numbed the pain as she chewed slowly.
After checking one last time, Cage said “Meeka, it would be best for you to get some rest. If you need me just call, I’ll be down in your kitchen.”
She nodded and headed towards the door that hides the stairs, but stopped and turned back around and rushed over to give him a one armed hug. “Thank you. Though I’m in pain, I’m glad for all you did. Are you sure you don’t want to chew on one of these?” She pulled back and offered a fresh leaf.
“The pain from my cracked rib is barely noticeable. Do not worry about me. Get some sleep.” He patted her head and watched her move up the stairs from the dining room. “Time to get started.” He said while rubbing Rhody behind the ear, which sent his tail wagging from the attention.
Cage took the basket into an ancient kitchen, but unlike the disaster he expected, Tiffa kept everything quite clean and orderly. Beside a brick oven and flat stone tabletop sat a small stack of wood. Over on a wall were shelves of bottled and labeled spices. Tiffa, Meeka or whoever does most of the cooking has nearly three dozen dried spices which over half were peppers. A large wooden prepping table had been wiped clean and six cooking knives were sheathed in a block of wood to the side. Also on the opposite wall hung dozens of cast iron cooking bowls, pots and pans. Another door adjoined the kitchen and Cage found it led to a cellar. Knowing he was alone he spoke an orb into being and found the room to be filled with sealed, dry vats of different foods, grains, wheat flour, several bottles of cooking oil, bags of salt and many other supplies. The coldest room was the cellar and it helped retard the spoiling process and someone kept it regularly clean.
Over in a waist high shelf sat several large bowls giving the smell of yeast and Cage found preparing bread. He took two bowls back up and sat them down on the kitchen prep table and went down to retrieve a hand full of salt in a cup, a scoop of evenly fine flour without the dreaded fear of mealworms and lastly four dried treats he didn’t hope to find, portabella mushrooms.
Before even touching the food he washed his hands.
Up in the kitchen Cage put some firewood into the stove and the coals from breakfast came alive with new fuel and reheated the ancient appliance. While it warmed, Cage grabbed a mixing bowl and turned the tomatoes into a pulpy mash, added salt and different seasonings from the rack, just enough to get an adequate taste he remembered. It wasn’t exact, but it came close. He then took the tomato paste and set it on the stove to heat and blend the flavors together. Next he put the dry mushrooms in a large glass of water to rehydrate them. Another bowl heated water and used a cloth to use the scalding water to clean part of the table and let it dry. Using the bowl of rising bread, Cage added salt, two raw eggs and flour to mix by hand.
It felt strange seeing his new hands mixing the contents. The grinning skulls and octagonal, flat diamond eyes also seemed to find it weird, but it made the old process of cooking from scratch new and unique.
Once it reached the correct consistency he took it out of the bowl and threw a handful of flour on the cleaned table and began flattening the bread. It didn’t take long to form a circular shape that would fit on a large, flat pan. He had to cut the bread for it to fit in the largest square pan Tiffa had. He heard the tomato juices simmering and one quick mixing with a spoon was all he needed and he poured half upon the panned breading. He took out the off-white cheese and shredded it before sprinkling it all on the sauced bread and cutting up the hydrated mushrooms before sticking the pan in the oven.
All the while he worked he had also been planning. He knew his earlier actions were justified, but understood the mindset of people like those brothers all too well. The issue wasn’t over yet. He hoped his warning was taken seriously, but had to think of something before things spiraled further out of control. Years of training and battles gave a gut feeling about the basic mindset of people at most first glances. Everyone has a secret they don’t want to display and a personality is shaped by it, but the underlying nature of a person is usually impossible to disguise for long. Random thoughts began forming into a plan, one that made him smile.
Knowing he is alone for the moment, but not wanting to risk anything more than necessary, Cage began to whisper and use magic on a small scale. His idea came to be inside the palm of his hand. He failed several times in creating a specific illusion, altering the words and changing the overall aspect of the idea that took shape. Making the magic so small took nearly nothing out of him, but knew what might happen later. Then another idea surfaced, one that would help.
Just as he thought he finalized the magic he heard Rhody barking at the door incessantly and strained his senses to hear riders approaching. Cage wiped his hands and rushed to the door and commanded “Rhody, sit!” and the deadly animal did as ordered, but the happiness of the dog didn’t go unnoticed and said he knew who came. Cage opened the door to find both Cillian and Tiffa tethering their horses to a post and nearly run towards the house.
Tiffa demanded almost in hysterics “Where is she?!”
“Resting at the moment. I guess you both learned what happened?”
The upset parents stopped in front of him and Rhody go up to visit, but went unacknowledged. Tiffa had a much harder time controlling herself so Cillian spoke. “All we know is Elan’s brothers came into town broken and bloody, screaming in hysterics that you attacked them for no good reason. They said Meeka tried to stop you, but you hurt her like you warned them girls earlier. From what I saw you do this morning I have little doubt you were the one to hurt those boys, but they are known for going further in their stories than the truth originated. But you are new around here and as mayor it is my duty to hear the truth. If it is as they say I’ll have to place you under arrest.”
Cage smiled ironically and shook his head. He then lifted his shirt to show the bruise that had already begun to appear. “I doubt my word means anything, but they are partially right. I did have to kick Meeka,” Both parents narrowed their eyes and Cillian’s hand twitched to reach for his knife. “but only to knock her aside. In doing so I averted the older brother from crushing her skull like an egg, but she wound up getting a dislocated shoulder. I ended up with a cracked rib in carelessness. But if you want to see what I did, come with me.”
“Magic?” Tiffa asked.
“Yes, it is one of the things I learned to do after setting Meeka’s arm. I thought it would help if you didn’t believe me. And if you need to verify what happened, go ask Meeka.”
Tiffa shook her head. “Cage, you and I will talk later, but right now I will see to my child and make sure. Cillian, you go see what he wants to show and we will find the truth. If Cage is lying I want him out of my house!”
“Agreed. Come, Cage. I’ll see what you offer in defense of yourself.”
“Let’s hurry, I cannot leave your supper in the oven for much longer before it burns.”
“Very well.”
Together the men hurried off behind the barn. Hidden from sight, Cage looked to an open piece of ground to say “Cillian, I won’t be able to recreate the sound, but it will give you the idea of what I saw.” He then focused and said “Recreate an actual representation of the incident three hours ago beginning at the moment the two brothers dismounted.”
Right before Cillian appeared four people and he stepped back out of fear of the unknown, but watched in silence as the four figures stared at each other and opened their mouths “But what are they saying?” he asked.
“I haven’t quite figured out how to make sounds yet. Bare with it and watch.”
And that Cillian did. He watched as his daughter stepped in front of the illusion of Cage and said something, but then saw as he firmly struck his daughter, but didn’t mind it one bit compared to seeing a club come down on her shoulder and the punishment Cage dealt. Cage then ended the spell after sending off the two so that father didn’t see him pop the joint back in place.
Cillian stood there fuming for a minute before saying “What you just showed reflects in the tracks I found on the road. Even scuffle and hoof print is exactly as the specters you just showed me. I won’t be able to say you can stay here another night or two till Tiffa and I compare stories, but if it is true I must first give my thanks for punishing them boys for what they did.”
“I need to check on dinner. You should go tend to your family.”
Cillian nodded as he followed the taller man back to the house. Once inside his first saying was “Whatever you are making sure smells delicious.”
“That means it is almost ready.”
A few steps later revealed that both Tiffa and Meeka were sitting at the table discussing what had happened. Without a word or look Cage went inside the kitchen to check on the meal while he listened to the family speak in hushed tones.
“Perfect.” Cage decided as he checked the meal was finished and slid the contents onto a large serving platter and quickly began making a second one, using the scraps of bread to make long, soft sticks to dip into the left over tomato sauce.
Five minutes later he picked up a knife, cut across the warm meal in wedges before picking up the platter and entering the dining room to say “I know it is a little earlier than usual for dinner, but it is best when hot.” Cage sat the platter down to say “All of you go wash your hands real quick while I get the plates.” They looked questioningly at the prepared meal, but did as he said while he brought out only plates, wine glasses, a half empty bottle of wine from the cellar and selected water for himself. By the time he finished, the breadsticks were done and he brought them out with a small bowl of the sauce.
“What is it?” Meeka wondered openly.
“Mushroom Pizza.” Cage chuckled as he saw the hopeless expression on their face.
“How do we eat it without utensils?” Tiffa asked innocently.
“Let me show you.” He leaned across the table and put two slices on his plate, picked one up and ate the glorious meal he so missed. “That is how. It is a food you eat barehanded. Oh and take the breadsticks and dip it in the sauce.
Meeka, with her one good arm, was the first to attempt the meal. She struggled to singlehandedly take a slice without running the stringy cheeses across the table. Her parents watched the look of surprise light in her as she swallowed and looked to Cage and exclaimed “That is amazing! I’m not trying to be mean, but it is the best thing I’ve ever tasted.” She took two more slices before her parents could even blink. She began eating with gusto.
Then both Tiffa and Cillian tried their first slice and became just as animated as their daughter. They also gave praise at the first meal they didn’t realize could be made. Tiffa then asked “Can you teach me?” as she swallowed another mouthwatering bite.
“I did you one better. I made a recipe list and put it beside your not too well hidden book. You can try varying the toppings, like adding sausage slices. Try different things and experiment. Like me, everyone has different tastes and preferences so figure out yours.”
“Thank you.” She admitted.
Cage got up and brought in the second pizza and it vanished an hour later.





Chapter 7

After the delicious home cooked meal ended Cage watched Cillian and Tiffa glancing meaningfully at each other. She eventually settled her calm, even eyes on Cage to say “My husband and I believe your version of the story, but problems will arise and maybe a feud will be declared…”
“Do not try to worry that far ahead.” Cage stated. “It will not go that far and I’ll be leaving the morning after tomorrow. I’ll take it easy to make sure my rib fracture isn’t serious enough to impede me. And I swear if that family starts a war with yours I’ll destroy them like I warned.”
“How might you do that? You are but one man.” Meeka wondered worriedly for his safety.
“They don’t have the training or skills I do.”
She touched her shoulder, and conceded with a nod.
Tiffa then commented. “I had to fix the damage you did to those young men and you sure hit where to cause the most pain, disable and not cause permanent injury except for the hand you apparently crushed. Those boys were bullies, even as kids, but you saved my child and we’ll allow you to remain sleeping out in the barn for as long as you’d like.”
“Mother, how far along is Elan?” Meeka asked.
“Who told you? She just found out two days ago and asked no one else know.”
“Cage knew by looking at her.”
Tiffa looked to him for an answer. “I’m very observant. If I know what I’m looking for or the signs something is off I can usually tell with a fair degree of accuracy. Pregnancy is fairly easy to discern. A woman’s skin glows more brightly when she’s ovulating and more so when she’s knocked-up.”

“Well I’m going for a run. I’ll be back later.” Cage announced as his full stomach settled. He smiled as he saw the distress rise in Meeka’s worried eyes. She relaxed knowing he intended to return.
He left as determination set within his features. His feet began to power him forward with all haste after finding a cloth and wrapping his ribs tightly. An hour’s worth of daylight remained and he used it to speed down the road, pushing aside the growing pain in his left side. There is nothing that could be done with the danger that remained. The latter took precedence. He rushed down the road as fast as his long legs could carry him.
In a half hour Cage felt safe enough to not be near town or any residence. He climbed a tree beside the road for the advantage and added range of sight it allowed. He calmed himself by breathing deeply and rested to regain energy. Several times he found a couple or a small family heading home in a horse drawn carriage. Cage thanked the woodsy colors of his new clothes for they camouflaged him well in the boughs of the tree for not one person even glanced up anywhere near his natural blind.

Darkness settled in quickly and a few hours passed. He began to worry that he lost his edge and misjudged reading others. But then he saw the familiar flicker of fire from five torches. Cage didn’t do anything till he was absolutely sure, but as the brothers from earlier were located, Cage grinned. Both had arms in splinted slings and the younger had quickly grown two prominent black eyes and spoke nasally with the others. Cage judged there to be six large men and they either slurred their words or stumbled to make it even obvious to a blind man that each one had been drinking enough liquid courage to do something utterly stupid as Cage suspected. “I’m gonna kill ‘em!” One man said slurred, but Cage couldn’t tell who, but another said “I’m going to make that cursed bitch dead too. She has been a burden on Kote long ‘nough. We’ll all sleep better with hur and that fool good ‘n dead.” Then the broken nose brother asked no one in particular “Who does he think he is, yelling at our women and treating them as dirt while treating that bit tittied whore like some real woman?”
Cage felt more sure and justified for this next stunt. Men like these travel in packs and when a weak one comes whimpering back from a fight he couldn’t win he would bring friends to make the odds tilt in their favor without improving themselves first and relying solely on others.
The six drunkards passed Cage’s tree as he began to work a spell he had been doing in small scale back when he was cooking. And in the tree he had the time to figure out and perfect just how to throw his voice with magic.
“What is that!” one man shouted as he pointed off into the tar black woods on the other side of the road.
The group looked into the darkness to find something bright and red zooming through the trees like wisps. Two red lights the size of a baseball zipped in erratic patterns until he made one stop without slowing as it reached the road and it had a black dot in the orb to simulate an eye. It bounced up and down till the second joined it. The center of the black dots then began to glow like embers. Cage positioned the floating orbs between the men and the town, not the mayor’s home to throw suspicion. The six cowered and shook in fright, but Cage wasn’t close to being done yet. The ominous red eyes began glowing brighter and sending off waves of intense heat. A thick purple haze began to cloak itself around the eyes and take shape around the orbs. The form was grotesquely humanoid and stood over fifteen feet in height. Two twisting horns two feet long protruded from the beast’s crown and two horse-like hooves appeared where the feet were. Four clawed arms sprouted from the shoulders while pointed teeth grinned at the quivering six as small flames escaped the beast’s maw. Cage then said the spell and linked the expressions of the creations with his own so there wouldn’t be any delayed reaction between the words. Cage deepened his voice to sound as sinister as the creature he created. “Look at the feast I found!” He grinned and licked his lips, but the men saw it as a forked tongue. “It has been so long since I’ve had human souls. Maybe you will be more interesting than a bear.”
One of the men fell and slurred “Wha ya want?”
“Your soul!” and the great beast laughed as not one man didn’t soil themselves.
Fear made them flee, but Cage made the creature’s bat-like wings flap and fly to cut off the escape. Cage laughed evilly, but couldn’t hear himself in the tree, but the illusion of light and intense heat it gave off was made so that the men could feel what they saw and the flames made an acrid smell of brimstone to fully sell that the creation was real in their drunken and fear addled stupor. “Where do you think you’re all going? I’m going to enjoy haunting your dreams as I eat your souls!”
Then Cage disengaged his voice without losing the cohesion or the draining heat of the creation. He then had the beat fly at the six and turn into a hot purple smoke that slowly disappeared, making it look like the creature surrounded them without form. He then allowed the smoke to fizzle into nothingness as spots danced before his eyes from the exhausting amount of magic, but it did the trick as all but one man fainted from the horror. That drunken fool screamed all the way back to town screaming of a demon.

Cage later climbed down and used a dull light orb to circle around the five unconscious men just in any case they wake and blame him or something and when he was in the clear he ran back to the mayor’s. All the lights were off in the main house and it looked like all were asleep till Cage saw a shadow move and the shutter of an oil lamp slid wide to bathe him in light. “That run took you a long time and I see that you are exhausted.” Cillian then said “Now that my daughter and wife aren’t around to hear, I want to know what you really did.”
“May I get a drink and sit down first?” Cillian allowed it and sat beside him. It didn’t take long to recover enough. “I had a suspicion those two wouldn’t leave things alone and I didn’t want to worry you or your family. It was my mess to clean up. The two talked four more into coming here with ill intensions and each were drunk off their ass. I used my magic to take the situation and turn it upon them. They shit themselves in fear.” He then told him the whole story as he first climbed the tree.
Cillian laughed and slapped Cage on the back. “There will be trouble tomorrow, be certain of that. You’d best stay here and not be held responsible, but I would like to see what you made to frighten them so much.”
“Little or big?”
“Little, I don’t want nightmares tonight. Little things I can handle.”
Cage nodded and created the stoic image of the demon in the palm of his hand.
Cillian slapped Cage on the back again before retiring for the night.
Exhausted himself, Cage went inside the barn to sleep. He felt grateful to have a roof over his head since it rained an hour later.

“Mayor! Wake up!” Someone shouted loudly outside.
A throbbing headache and tender pain in his side made Cage feel uncomfortable. He stood from the bedding and wobbly made it to the mouth of the barn, feeling the full effects of yesterday’s adventures. Mostly he couldn’t deny that most of the exhaustion stemmed from the heavy use in last night’s magic. Rhody’s continuing barking didn’t help the headache, even through thick walls.
Cage stepped out to find five riders and their mounts standing outside the mayor’s residence. He found a ladle and had a drink while watching the men from the shadows, not interfering. Moments later Cillian told the dog to be quiet and blissful silence followed. The front door opened and Cillian stepped out. “What is the meaning of this rude awakening? It had better be an emergency!”
From the shadows, Cage watched the repercussions of his actions unfold. The older man in front spoke again. “Mr. Mayor, last night some of our villagers were attacked in the night by demons?”
“Demons?” Cillian scoffed before laughing aloud. “What fool says they saw demons in our village that has never before been seen?” The man named the six and Cage grinned at how easily the drunken men were to manipulate. Cillian slowly acted serious and it deeply impressed Cage at how well the man could hide his emotions, but every person has some kind of tell that cannot lie and for Cillian it is his twitching eyebrow and it showed he wasn’t trying to outright laugh. The man told the story and it had changed dramatically as the demon stood over twenty feet tall, had six arms, three heads, a tail, four eyes, coated in fire and oozed black blood as one stabbed it. The stories grew so out of proportion that Cage’s smirk began to hurt as he couldn’t allow himself to laugh. Eventually Cillian asked “Where did those men say they saw the demon?”
“This side of the town, about a half hour’s walk from it.”
“What were they doing coming this way and at that late hour. Not one of them live in this direction. Were any of them drunk?”
“All of them were smelling heavily of the drink.” The older man said, coming to an understanding of where Cillian casually led them.
“I believe I comprehend why they might have seen something, but not as you described. Two of them, Elan’s brothers, were injured trying to bully my guest, but managed to harm my daughter. Tiffa gave them some herbs that do not mix well with liquor… as it seems they disregarded her instructions. I would see to it they be imprisoned for harming her, but my guest gave a suitable punishment. Now in their stupor they might have been coming this way to bully my family and guest again, but maybe a bear or forest animal scared them half to death and imagined seeing a supposed demon. You are a good hunter, did you find any tracks to validate their story?”
“No, the rain we had last night washed out all tracks.”
“Then give me a few minutes to get dressed, have a meal and I’ll go find out the truth of what happened in the night. Go, I shall be there soon. If it turns out to be true, better inform the town council. If not I’ll personally ban anyone to sell them alcohol for the next year as punishment for disturbing the peace.”
“I’ll do just that and make sure they don’t go anywhere.” The man informed and each person climbed back up on their horse and left.
When the men passed out of sight Cage slipped out of the shadows of the barn and the two met with a chuckle. Cage followed him inside ad they found both women wide awake and held a look of worry. “Father, what is this talk of demons?” Meeka asked in a simple white nightdress that Cage had to force himself to not stare at. Tiffa wore a similar gown, but Cage had a hard time deciphering her expression for it seemed worried, but not enough to tell what about. She knew the real story, but didn’t let on for her daughter’s sake.
Cillian chuckled. “Just some fools who misjudged what they saw. There hasn’t been a demon sighting here in three hundred years… and that turned out to be a prank. Someone painted a cow yellow. It is safe to assume it was simply their imagination. Regardless, I have to tend to the matter before they cause further panic. Let us eat.”
Tiffa whipped up a hearty breakfast after the two women changed into normal clothes and during the meal Cage asked “How’s the shoulder?”
Meeka rubbed the injury. “Still hurts and is bruised pretty badly, but it feels only slightly better after sleep took the pain away.” Her delicate eyes shifted as she noticed how he held his side. “No point in asking about your ribs is there?”
He smiled while shaking his head without the first sign of revealing the fatigue and pain he truly endured. The wrapping did help though.
Time flew during the meal and soon Cillian disappeared down the road. Cage quickly felt better and the pounding headache became a dull throb. He then went outside to do a workout, but only ones that didn’t irritate his side. He helped out Meeka and together they fed the horses, chickens and another pen with a rooster for chickens to mate with so that they never ran out. Since it rained there wasn’t a need to water the herbs.
By midmorning Meeka said “Cage, I have to go into town for some supplies. Do you want anything while I’m there?”
He grinned. “Sure, bring back two more tarts and we can enjoy them this time if no more jealous women come by.” and handed her his last two coppers if there were any problems.
“I will like that. I should be back in a few hours.”
“I’ll be right here.” And Cage watch her go down the road upon her horse.

Tiffa kept him company, but never asked about magic, his past or what happened yesterday with except on all the pizza toppings he knew she could try. But she mostly wanted to hear of the medical treatments he knew so that she could treat her patients with better success. She took out several single sheets of paper and wrote with a quill and a container of black ink so that she could study the notes further. She seemed to want every detail and he was willing to offer everything about saving a life without reservation.
Then at around noon, Rhody began growling. “Someone’s coming.” Tiffa said and put the writing implements aside. The two of them stood and went to the door to hear a man shout “Is this the mayor’s residence?”
Cage told the obedient Rhody to stay and the dog did as both he and Tiffa stepped outside to find a heavily loaded rider, but Cage felt the tingle of working magic coming from him. It looked like the encumbered horse couldn’t carry all the immense weight loaded at the rear, but it looked completely at ease. Tiffa didn’t hesitate to approach the man with a blue shirt that had a symbol of a white crow with a letter C embroidered boldly on his chest. Cage followed with caution, but the man didn’t seem to be in any distress or have a murderous look in his eyes.
Tiffa stopped close and asked “Do you have a delivery for my husband?”
“Is your husband Cillian the mayor?”
“He is.”
“Then I can leave this with you.” The man opened the huge brown sack that draped off each side and back of the horse. He withdrew a wooden box, looked at a piece of paper nailed to the surface and nodded before handing it down and as he let go, Tiffa’s arms buckled for it was much heavier than she predicted. The man turned the horse and kicked it into a hard run, but the speed at which it fled gave Cage the knowledge that whatever use of magic the man used took the weight off the horse or strengthened the animal enough to run as if it didn’t carry anything.
Cage came forward and took the weighty box from Tiffa, finding it to be twelve inches long on any side. On the top was a simply written destination ‘Send to: Cillian, Mayor of Kote, Priority Delivery.’ He asked “Can you tell me who that was? I felt him using magic of some kind.”
She nodded as she opened the door. “That is a Vlaran Courier. That symbol on his chest is the standard they use. There are only a couple hundred couriers and each one is a mage. Their duty is to deliver any message, package or property and will not be stopped. They make sure whatever you wish sent arrives in a timely manner and have the deadly skills to see none get in the way. Their costs for delivery are extremely high and is uncommon for general delivery options. Their basic delivery is no less than a single gold piece. Even bandits and highwaymen steer clear of them for you’ll never get what they carry. The only risk a patron has in using their service is if they are beaten everything around them gets destroyed, but that hasn’t happened in many years.”
“It sounds like one serious job they have.”
“They see it that way too.” She replied while shutting the door.
“Does Cillian get packages from them often, or use them?”
“He receives packages more often than most because of his station, but not often does one come around. We are a rather small town. He gets about three or four a year and sends maybe one or two times.”
Tiffa left the room as Cage sat the package down and waited for only a moment to see her return with a thin iron bar and small hammer. He asked “If this is mayoral business, should you open it?”
She shrugged and fitted the bar under the lid and tapped the end till it fit inside enough. “There are no secrets in my house that my beloved keeps from me. We have no reason to separate our lives from our jobs. We keep each other’s secrets, but something like this will not concern him.”
“Mind if I stay? I’m quite curious about all this.”
“It doesn’t bother me so long as it doesn’t leave this room.” And he nodded before she tapped the hammer on the flat of the bar. The wood creaked as nails were pulled out. Even Rhody’s alert ears were curious. It took a minute till the lid came free, but the moment it did Tiffa saw the dangerous look consume Cage’s earlier calm curiosity. “What is the matter?”
He met her blue eyes for a moment before glaring at what sat contained within the once completely airtight box. Inside the opening sat a brownish, sticky substance he knew about, but hoped to never see it again. “I have to make sure before I make a judgment.” Before Tiffa could stop him, Cage barely touched the substance, just enough to cling sufficient residue to the tip of his index finger. He then placed the sample on his tongue and nearly instantly felt the narcotic numb the tip of his tongue. He met her eyes with a hard look of his own. “What the hell is opium doing being carried around and delivered here? Tell me it is illegal.”
She swallowed and looked to the container. In a quiet whisper she explained “I do not know! It is outlawed in all lands to my knowledge. What someone is doing sending it to Cillian, I know not. He isn’t the kind of person who even associates with this drug that ruins lives. You must believe me, this isn’t what it looks like…”
Something caught Cage’s eye as he looked away. “Tiffa, what is that on the lid?”
She looked and admitted “I’m unsure. It looks like…” She walked away and returned with a cloth and wiped away the tacky substance. “It is writing burned into the wood. Give me a moment to clean it up… oh thank the gods.” She whispered in relief after reading. She met Cage’s stare and handed over the lid with the writing on the underside.
‘Cillian, you were right. Tran is the source of the drug trade. In your hands is the proof of his dealings. By the time you get this I’m most likely dead. I know someone saw me steal this so be sure to take the bastard in custody and see him hung. Farewell, old friend and see him atone for his crimes.’
Cage met Tiffa’s worried eyes and said “You better go to town and tell him about this. I’ll keep it safe here so you don’t need to have it slow you down. It is too awkward to carry or stow in the saddle. If it is time sensitive you don’t have any time to waste arguing.”
“You’re right. I’ll be back soon.” She said while rushing outside to ride.

In town, Cillian had a hard time settling fears, but his calm assurance worked, especially when in the town center he questioned the six before everyone. They admitted to be drinking and saw something, but couldn’t come up with a reasonable excuse as to what they were doing out so late, traveling down a road none of them lived on or near. He then asked if they were going to do something with ill intentions, but their expressions condemned them and one said an outright lie for an excuse. Most of Kote’s people are strong and easily knew the lie when it came out. He then had Elan’s brothers’ tell the truth as to their intentions at knifepoint, before the crowd, as to why they received the currently displayed injuries Cage inflicted and what they did to his daughter. Since none were hurt, Cillian did as he promised and punished the men to not have any drink for a year as punishment and though the six shouted in outrage not one townsperson supported them or went against the assembled council’s decision.
Deceit would never be tolerated in Kote.
He saw Meeka a little later and stood in complete surprise for when the town saw her arm in a sling they approached to offer their apologies, though they never came close enough to touch. It is a start. He thought proudly as people actually chose to initiate a conversation with his little girl. After a few minutes of talking she excused herself to finish doing her rounds, but he saw her smile as people finally began acknowledge her as a person rather than a burden.
Cillian went back to his office to get to work and didn’t get much done before there came a heavy knock at the door. “Come in?”
Three large, scruffy men entered the room and Cillian had never met them before. These men were the kind that instinctually made one wary. The men moved with purpose. When at times Cillian felt Cage is the deadliest man he’d ever met, these three were far from helpless. Each wore a well used sword strapped to their hip and a knife hilt stuck out in their boot. Still, he smiled, even after seeing the hostility in their eyes. But he didn’t stand as usual as his knife discretely found its way into his hand. “Is there something I can help you with gentlemen?”
The biggest one stomped forward to say “A courier came this way and we were told you have a package of ours. It was a mistaken address. If you hand it over, we’ll leave without incident.”
Instantly Cillian’s mind began working on figuring out what is happening, but calmly he admitted “No courier has come through town today, to my knowledge. Haven’t seen one in two months to be more accurate. What is it you are looking for and I might be able to help?”
“Search the room.” The first ordered and placed a firm hand on his sword when Cillian stood.
He held still, knowing the situation could turn into a bloodbath and he didn’t like his chances. To cooperate and not be seen as a threat, he slammed his knife in the desk and stepped away while his room was overturned, papers scattered. One went to his locked drawer, but when it didn’t open he kicked off the lock. He grinned proudly as he pocketed a few copper and two silvers. Cillian felt glad he hadn’t gone yet to take out more of the town’s funds from the vault. He wanted to show these men a lesson, but the threat of being run through by a sword held him in place. “It isn’t here.” One finally stated as he emptied the last drawer.
Finally Cillian told them “Ask around. It is usually a big deal when a courier comes through. Ask them if one came and then you’ll believe me.”
“We have to find it. Let’s go.” The large ruffian leader ordered.
Cillian retrieved his knife and followed at a distance to find, Kitty, his aid scared, but unharmed as a fourth man stood near her. They left and Cillian shut and locked the door to check on her. She said she was alright and said they searched every room before upending his office. She helped him reorganize the mess, but agreed to not call the town guard to expel them for they wanted something bad and would likely kill to get it, no matter how many they killed. They would only send for reinforcements and he wouldn’t have Kote held prisoner under his watch.
An hour later came a pounding knock. He yelled at the door “Come back later, we’re busy!”
Then he heard the knocking stop and Tiffa’s voice come next. “You would turn me away, My Love?”
He unlocked it and peeked “It isn’t a good time.”
“I’m not here for one.” She smiled intimately before whispering “A package came to the house. Cage is watching it as we speak, but it requires your immediate attention. I was already stopped by a dreadful man asking if I saw a courier. I think they are connected.”
“You may be right. I’ll be out in a minute, get my horse ready.” She nodded while he closed the doors.
He told Kitty he had to go, but would send in one of the council to help. She smiled gratefully and said her thanks. After seeing someone to help he met Tiffa already mounted. They left, seeing one of the men from before holding up every person he could. “Alright, what is going on?” He asked when they were alone.
They hurried straight home as Tiffa told him what she learned.
A half hour at a full run brought them home. The two tied their horses to a lead so they could walk off the exercise. Cillian bulled his way into the room to find Cage sitting at the table writing on a piece of paper. “Where is the opium?!” He asked.
Cage stopped writing calmly and met the two in the eye to ask “Did you two come straight here?”
“Yes.” Tiffa answered hastily.
“Idiots!” Cage shouted and he rushed pass them, knocking them aside. He stopped and listened to multiple charging horses. He turned to find a furious Cillian and a worried Tiffa. “You brought them right here! Get inside quickly!” He yelled as he started pushed both inside.
 But before he could do so, a small, sharp pain stabbed at his back from three different locations. Spots began blotting out his vision and in a second Cage dropped flat on his face with three darts sticking out of his back. Cillian didn’t have time to react as five riders revealed themselves and they all shot something that pierced him in the chest and Tiffa as well. Whatever drug laced the darts acted quickly and made them drop like stones.
“Search the place.” Someone ordered and Cage fell completely unconscious.

Ever so slowly, Cage began to reawaken, hearing several individuals talking incoherently to his altered perspective. After what felt like hours he heard the sounds of property destruction end. Experience made Cage hold completely still and even his addled brain knew when not to do anything. The only thing that changed is how he breathed as he focused only on doing that. He listened till sounds cleared somewhat and someone in the distance said nothing was found. Another cursed and struck the person telling him to find it. More time passed until he heard someone say they need to go back to the village and see if someone else could have it and something about taking someone hostage if it doesn’t turn up.
Cage only cracked his eyes when he heard the sounds of horses fleeing. He lay out in the grass on the backside of the house, wrists bound by rope in the front as well as his ankles. Not three feet away lay both Cillian and Tiffa completely out of it, but showing the initial groggy signs of waking. He wondered about Rhody, but couldn’t dwell as the crisp sound of crunching grass told of least one person who remained behind to continue the destructive search. As the sounds receded Cage tilted his head up slowly to find the large, burly individual walking away to the barn and begin making a ruckus. Only three horses remained tethered to a tree, but two belonged to Cillian’s and Tiffa’s. All of them were hidden behind the large house so that to the casual observer nothing appeared to be amiss.
His jaw hurt as someone must have tried waking him earlier, but he didn’t remember. Cillian looked much worse as his lips had been split and patches of blood around his side said someone took out their frustrations on him with a series of ruthless kicks. Cage knew the only reason all three of them were alive is because someone wanted information on the box.
With each passing moment his mind cleared and he looked to the bindings and smiled. These men knew nothing of properly binding prisoners. While the other man was elsewhere occupied, Cage subtly bit the end of the rope and untied himself in seconds. He did the same for his ankles, but before the man left the barn he rewrapped himself and returned to his earlier position. It looked as if none had moved, but the bindings were not as they had been.
The grimy man approached Tiffa first and lifted her eyelid to find her still out of it. The burly mayor was likewise defenseless, but when he turned around the tall man was no longer there. He gasped and looked around till a spine chilling voice said “Behind you, Bucko!” He turned around and tried drawing his sword, but froze as he saw the grin of a madman. Cage swiftly thrust his knee in the man’s gut and with the wind knocked out and stumbling back, just as the assault would predict, Cage spun and kicked the man’s jaw, shattering teeth from the powerful strike while also spinning him into unconscious as he collapsed limply on the ground. Cage hurriedly unbelted the sword, knife and blowgun that had two extra darts with black fletching secured to its shaft.
Making absolutely sure they were alone, Cage scouted his way to the barn with soundless stealth and retrieved iron chains. Alone for certain now, he properly bound the drug dealer’s thug. And afterwards, went to help his hospitable hosts. He used a pail full of water after sitting them up against the house. It worked well and helped to increase focus. He undid the bindings and tossed them aside. Tiffa responded first. “Wha… Cage what happened?” She kept shaking her head in an attempt to clear it. “Here, drink more water. It’ll help settle your stomach.” He said and helped her hold the cup to drink unsteadily. Tiffa coughed, but sighed and relaxed to work through the impressive effects.
Working to help Cillian, Cage cursed as he heard the sound of riders again and rushed to the side of the estate to locate four riders speeding northward and were easily recognized. One began to break off, but the largest thug yelled “Leave him! He knows where to go when he finds what we need!” The man who split, returned to formation. The only thing Cage noticed off was the lead rider’s horse had a large wrapped blanket draped over the hindquarters.
Relief swept over him as he knew it would be suicide to fight four others in his compromised condition. He returned and helped the two. Minutes later Cillian began waking and Tiffa barely managed to see straight, but when she asked about Cillian her focus miraculously washed away the drug’s effects when she heard his multiple injuries voiced.
Together they worked to help Cillian and he responded more quickly as the pain gave its own rapid clarity. “Where are they?” He asked after spitting out a mouthful of blood.
Calmly, Cage spoke while pushing the mayor’s shoulders against the wall of his home. “They are gone for now so try not to do much. I captured one and am about to interrogate him, but I had to make sure you are well enough while I do it.”
“Let me watch.” He ground out and spat on the unconscious brute.
“No, I don’t want you to see what I’m about to do. Trust me on this.” Cage held the man’s blue eyes till he noticed the truth of what is about to happen, then he retrieved the attackers weapons and handed them over to his hosts. “We know how well the darts work so use them first if they return, but use the sword if you miss. Tiffa you take the knife and do what you can, I’ll be back in an hour. I hate leaving you like this, but I fear if I don’t learn what he knows I’ll have to kill him before he can warn his friends we took him out of action.”
Cage rushed over and grabbed the end of chain and tied about thirty feet of rope to it before half running and dragging the man on the ground. “Cage wait!” He stopped as Cillian shouted. “Where is the evidence?”
“Tiffa, bring him inside and look through the notes we were drafting. Look for my handwriting, bottom paragraph with three dots at the bottom and read every first word of every other line.” And he disappeared, dragging the man into the forest.
He hurried for over fifteen minutes and found the setup he created just after Tiffa left. He suspected she would most likely bring the wrong people home, but wasn’t expecting to be darted with such a drug. He wanted to use their house as cover and cut down their numbers till only one remained and capture him. That didn’t happen. Cillian had a cast iron barrel three feet high with the inside is just as wide. “Fire.” He commanded with magic and lit the tender underneath the already heated water to warm up again. He tossed the rope over a twenty foot high limb and one thick enough for the propose. He then pulled till the tension tightened and pulled hard enough to dangle the man by his feet. Arms were secured behind the man’s back so tightly he’d need to dislocate his wrists, elbows and shoulder just to free his hands, it wouldn’t matter since his feet couldn’t be freed with broken arms.
Dangling the worthless assassin over the vat of rapidly boiling water, Cage held on tightly to the other end of the rope. He came closer and backhanded the man while saying “Good morning, Sunshine! Glad to see you awake.”
A broken jaw and newly missing teeth did little to dull the fear he felt as he realized the situation. “I…” He stuttered in terror, but clung to a thin strand of confidence. “I’ll nnnnot teeell you anyyything!”
“You sure about that?” Cage smiled and he put a little slack in the line, enough to dunk the man’s forehead into the scalding water. He shrieked as the clinging water boiled his head, creating bubble burns all over his exposed flesh instantly. Cage pulled a second later to take him out. “Care to squeal now?”
“I’ll tell you anything!” He cried.
“Who sent you here to retrieve the opium and where can I find him?”
“His name is Tran!” He cried out while shaking the water from his bearded face. “He lives in Miot… In the slums eastern side. He ordered us to come here and get the goods before anything could be used against him! Please just let me go!” The man looked at the deep water that angrily rolling bubbles.
“Wrong choice of words! But I agree to them.”
Cage let go and walked away, hearing the displaced water snuff out the hissing fire beneath.
He quickly returned to Cillian’s to find them not alone as three other horses were let loose and grazed. “I hope I’m not too late.” He said to himself and ran as hard as he could. “Fireballs!” Cage yelled in anger and two baseball sized balls of black fire swirled in his palms. He ran straight for the back door and kicked it in without any attempt at stealth. He ran into the kitchen to find five people inside. He found Cillian and Tiffa sitting, holding each other. Cage rushed to the three without even looking or checking. Hesitation killed more than cancer.
“Cage, Don’t!” Cillian shouted. “They’re friends!”
He stopped for a second to look upon the frightened faces of two men and a young woman. It took a second for him to relax and extinguish the balls of inferno. The three didn’t miss his use of magic and retreated to the open front door. Another second later Cage noticed the girl, but not the two older men with swords at their hip. He asked as the adrenaline in his blood cooled. “You are either Yala or Main. What are you three doing here?”
Things went momentarily quiet as Tiffa bawled and squeezed harder into Cillian’s embrace, completely forgetting his injuries.
“I’m Yala.” The young woman timidly said.
“Tell him what you saw.” Cillian commanded in a tense voice Cage hadn’t heard him ever use, like he too was trying not to cry.
“Alright. Mage,” She spoke quietly to not fear the wrath he exhibited earlier. “when I was in town running errands for my family, those men from earlier returned. No one could stop them as they found the cursed witc… I mean Meeka. The home guard couldn’t do anything either as one struck her down with a blow to the side of her head, threw her over his shoulder and fled with the others. Currently the whole town is preparing to go out and search for her.”
“If you do that and come in force you’ll just get her killed. Drug Lords care only about two things, their product and the money it creates. They will be ready for a rescue mission and when this Tran fellow in Miot figures out he’ll not be getting his drugs back he’ll use her as leverage to gain enough time to flee for the hills. Most often they will have lookouts to forewarn him. It will only endanger Meeka if you go…”
“And what do you suggest?” One of the home guard men questioned as a well trained soldier did, who didn’t react till orders were given.
“I’ll go. They won’t suspect a single man to go against this drug ring alone.”
“How long do you believe it will take?” The other asked.
Cage closed his eyes to remember the map in his pack. He deduced multiple scenarios in but a moment since he had experience in similar situations. “If I do not return with her by the end of the fifth day then that means we’ll both be dead for I’ll only come back with her alive or dead. I’ll need to hurry since time is a factor.”
“Sir?” The original guard who spoke, looked to the mayor.
Cillian met Cage’s calm, confident onyx eyes and nodded. “We’ll do as he says. Tell everyone to wait for five days and give his plan a chance. What he says is true. They’ll kill my daughter if we go in force and have Miot’s duke give aid. Cage take whatever you need to save my child and if she dies I want you to bring me Tran’s head.”
“You got it. I’ll need food first.”
Down in the cellar Cage heard Cillian telling the home guard about the full situation and to leave out what Cage is going to attempt, should any ask. He explained further to say that they’re working on a diplomatic solution to have Meeka returned, even to return the drugs to give Cage’s covert operation a chance. Cage grabbed the dry mushrooms, put them in his pants pockets and also adding nuts and two cucumbers for the trip. He hurried back up and was stopped as Tiffa embraced him with streaming tears. “Bring her back.”
“Nothing short of death will stand in my way.” He vowed with a confident smile at the thought of another battle, ignoring his aching ribs.
Everyone moved aside as he rushed out, retrieved his new pack in the barn, placed the food inside and looked to the road before sprinting with all haste up the northerly heading road.
Hold on, Meeka. I’m coming. He thought and pushed his legs hard.

As the hours passed he saw the hoof tracks from four horses racing in the same formation he saw earlier had the same strides that explained they didn’t take the chance to slow if someone came after them. They wouldn’t break either till they reached safety. Much of the road remained thick with trees, but small trails showed the people who prefer to live away from society and did so without any problems. One large building made Cage gag as he ran past and knew why it was kept far outside the main area of Kote. He knew the smell from only once before and knew a tanning operation was going to be quite common in these lands. The more he ran the more that he saw of the livelihoods of the common people while not slowing or stopping to take closer looks. In more open areas were large windmills where people worked, using wind to rotate actual stones to grind wheat, corn and other grains into flour. He remembered in history books how it was a common plight for mill workers to lose fingers in such contraptions.
It takes much more time to get things done without power tools and industrial machines, but here you get the guarantee that everything made had been done so by the pride of a person’s very own hands, sweat and blood.
Cage didn’t break for three hours till he came upon a wooden bridge of sturdy make. Already his water container was empty and he needed a moment to rest. None were around as he filled the wooden bottle and wrinkled his nose at the murky flowing river. He knew for a certainty it would be counterproductive to drink any straight and an idea came to mind. Picturing the water he said “Filter out all foreign particles, bacteria, viruses and microscopic creatures. Leave only the pure quality of the basic formation of water as two hydrogen to one oxygen along with beneficial minerals.”
Tingling between his shoulders was almost negligible as he worked magic again and watched with interest as the water began making small bubbles as if it were carbonated. Then tiny specks began to arise like grains of sand in the desert and began to gather above the container. It grew quickly into the size of a golf ball, but as the spell ended, the water inside became crystal clear. A putrid smell emanated from the brown ball of filth and it gladdened Cage to know he wasn’t going to ingest the foul contents. “Now let’s see what you taste like.” He said while taking a sip which widened his eyes. “Whoa!” He exclaimed and drained the best water he had ever had. It was three times crisper than distilled and absolutely perfect. Since it took hardly any magic, he drowned two more refills before keeping a fourth corked. He ate lightly and let the sloshing in his stomach settle before finding a fast and sustainable run again.
As night began to settle in he made a dim orb of red light to guide him in the continuous run. He made it red so that if he needed to cancel it, his night vision wouldn’t be dramatically affected. Ahead he saw a flickering fire with five laden carts, fifteen horses and ten people sitting around the fire. Several had the look of convoy guards, but not one even saw Cage as he sprinted on light feet. Cage knew he saw land goods distribution at its best. The only faster way is by shipping by sea or using a Vlaran courier.
He ran through the night, only stopping to relieve himself and take a few minutes to have a drink and light snack.

By morning of the next day Cage found himself finding more inhabitants and a kind farmer who said he had reached Miot, but the large town lay another hour north. Hearing this, Cage walked the rest of the way so that he wouldn’t be seen as suspicious. Running hard would certainly be conspicuous. He also smeared a small amount of dust on his brow and left cheek to appear to travel often.
On two occasions he found three rough looking individuals playing with dice, but every few seconds they would look down the road. Cage smiled on the inside to have his suspicions, of scouts waiting for a large group, reinforced. They glanced at him, but didn’t find anything suspicious and went back to playing. It didn’t take long to blend in and that is when he finally took a good look at where he found himself.
Miot stood ten times larger than Kote and it even had a thirty foot stone wall encompassing the town, but as time passed the town grew and spilled outside the wall’s protections. The dwellings outside were in much poorer condition compared to the inside. Though most homes were constructed of wood there were a few made of stone, but in the center of Miot stood a tall castle tower that overlooked the whole of the city-town. Hundreds of shopkeepers shouted to gain the attention of customers and it usually worked, but none bothered Cage since he intentionally appeared to not have what they want… which is more money.
A small boy sat in between the shade of two buildings and appeared to be no more than eight or ten. Ragged clothes made him out to be a street urchin and most likely an orphan. His eyes widened in fright when Cage approached him, but didn’t run away. Cage then bent down to sit on his heels and said “Excuse me, little guy, I don’t have any money, but I was wondering about this city. Can you please explain something for me in exchange for my knife as currency?”
The boy’s eyes lit at seeing a sturdy knife as Cage offered it handle first. “Sure, what do you want to know?” He wondered and Cage smiled as the knife disappeared.
“The slums, am I right to assume they all reside outside the walls or are there a few places inside as well?”
“Nope, they are all outside the wall. Are you looking for trouble in there or something?” He inquired and seemed to open up to whoever is nice enough to talk.
“Didn’t I just give you my knife?” Cage teased and stood. “Thank you, that is all I needed to know. Have fun, Kid.” He said while leaving.
Cage turned back around and headed outside the gate without any problems or a second look from well trained guards that carried swords, knives and a lance.
The slums were foul smelling as people put their waste and trash wherever they pleased, but many moved around as if nothing was off settling about the area. Thick smoke choked while feces dumped everywhere gagged. Nothing could be deemed pleasant about these dwellings or the unsanitary conditions these poorer inhabitants called home. Once in a while Cage caught the faint hint of smoked opium and knew he was in the right place after slowly easing himself into the eastern side of Miot.
He found a reasonably desolate place to hide, but with enough foot traffic to hopefully find where they held Meeka.

Hours passed without anything happening till a person with a limp drew attention. Cage recognized the man nearly instantly for he wore the same shoddy, dirty clothes and had the same grim, unhealthy appearance that made people part before him. It didn’t take all that much to find him while the man limped as the leggings were pierced and blotched in blood in a familiar way. “Good boy, Rhody.” Cage whispered satisfyingly in the shadows. Cillian’s guard dog must have gotten one in after seeing the men hurt his masters. Cage couldn’t dwell on what they did to him, but hoped he wasn’t dead though he knew those men would kill an animal without pause.
Cage slipped out of his hiding place and trailed one of the large men from before. It wasn’t the leader, but it was one of them from yesterday. It was not hard to track the man since the drug trade hadn’t been warned by the established scouts. Not once did he look back, though if he did he wouldn’t see Cage as he had been trained for similar missions. Cage even checked that he wasn’t being trailed and felt more confident that they weren’t very smart or prepared. The man led for five minutes before finally looking around suspiciously as he reached the largest building of the slums. Three hired men circled the building as if they were machines and had done it so much they made a dirt ring all the way around the whole building. The three ruffians carried swords and a crossbow strapped to their back, ready to fire at any fool who gets close enough and weren’t invited. Most of the first story windows were closed to keep out prying eyes, but the second story’s wooden windows were completely open. Noises were muffled due to distance, but a smack of flesh striking flesh came loudly outside along with a woman crying.
Adrenaline surged again as Cage’s anger awakened, but he fought the grin before he even thought to rush in and foolishly let emotions get them both killed. He rationally thought of a solution and knew this wouldn’t be a fight he’d enjoy all that much. Silent assassination would be the only way, not a fair fight. He looked for better cover till night fell and had to listen to every few hours as a woman was struck and cried.

Eventually darkness enveloped the area and Cage moved, leaving behind his pack. Torches were lit, as were lamps. The three from earlier were replaced by four, who also carried burning torches. The open second story also had the glow of light and the sounds of interrogation hadn’t been heard for maybe an hour.
It would start all over again soon.
One with the shadows, Cage got as close as he dared and whispered when the first guard came close to the house he hid behind. Under his breath he said “Remove the oxygen from the flame.” and watched as the fire suffocated.
Before the man could yell to his friends after seeing the torch die Cage rushed silently up behind him, grabbed the chin with one hand and the top of his head with the other and deftly twisted in an instant, breaking his neck without making enough noise to alert the others. He grabbed the man’s lifeless shoulders and brought him into the shadows not a moment too soon.
The second and third man met the same fate.
But the fourth became a little suspicious, unfortunately he didn’t realize Cage snuck up behind him as well. He opened his mouth for a scream, but Cage got hold of the torch and shoved it down the man’s throat before elbowing him in the temple powerfully enough to kill a few moments more quickly. He too became piled with the others.
Cage went up to the door, pressed his ear to it and heard the sounds of several others. Through the day he saw men come and go, quite often leaving with fattened pockets. So far he figured there were eight others inside by what he learned, but he didn’t know how many were in before he arrived to watch the place. Slowly he cracked the door and found eight men sitting around the table, telling stories and playing dice again. If only he had those darts used on him. He narrowed his eyes and knew he couldn’t barge in so he decided to try something after finding the black feather darts sitting on a smaller table with about ten blowguns each a foot and a half in length. Focused on the eight men while also on ten prepared blowguns. “Darts, separate and find a new home in each of the men.”
About fifteen darts levitated over and above the men who’s focus is down on the table with clattering dice. The needle thin iron shafted projectiles took aim and absorbed enough magic to reach a proper velocity and speared all eight. “Did you guys feel some…” one asked as his eyes rolled up into his head and all eight collapsed with a quiet cling of metal currency. It didn’t arouse suspicion as the noise sounded like someone raking in the money.
Cage entered the house and was hit by the powerful smell of refining the drug for recreational use that destroys families. Making sure that they weren’t going to awake again, he grabbed each man’s throat and squeezed till he felt the pop of breaking the windpipe. Each one turned blue before paling.
Each door he checked was either stocked with raw poppy flowers, the crated gummy kind and two boys working on refining it. They were too engrossed with the work to notice the door open or close.
Finding the stairs were easy and their darkness suited Cage nicely as he controlled his breathing and the grin that showed he did actually feel some enjoyment in a fight like this. He stopped on a desolate hall to find none occupied the forty foot stretch. He heard voices again and stopped, finding it came from the last door to the right. “We can keep doing this all night until no man will look upon you or babe will suckle on your tits.” Smack! “Tell me where it is and I’ll end your misery!”
“I keep telling…” Cage heard Meeka’s pained voice as she coughed and whimpered. “you, I don’t know what it is you want from me! Why won’t you tell mee…heee?” she whimpered.
Reaching the closed door Cage opened it a crack and went livid. He had only hurt and killed people who deserved it, but this…
Meeka sat bound to an old chair, her perfect, large and blood stirring breasts were bare to Cage for the first time, but what they did to her he would never do. Her breasts were slapped raw, in many places the skin broke and blood coated her torso. A bite mark that already bruised surrounded her nipples. They had beaten a beautiful woman in the worst way without marring her face, but on her face was a muzzle-like contraption that kept her specialized lips from killing them. They knew about her curse, that is for certain.
A tall, skeleton of a man in excessively fine clothes sat in a chair opposite of her while the lead henchman from yesterday had bloody hands making it obvious that he was the one beating her. He got his hands dirty, the other man simply sat with all the confidence in the world.
“Because you know full well what I want. I must say you are quite strong to keep lying to me after all this. Now tell me or he’ll increase the pain or even slowly cut off one breast with his sword.”
“I don’t knowwww!” She dropped her head and shook with sobs.
“You chose an option and one you’ll regret. Remove one and later have it treated so I can display it as a trophy, the pair are perfect after all.” He ordered.
Seeing enough, Cage opened the room door with a loud clang that made all three jump. “Touch her again and I’ll kill both of you more slowly.”
The skeleton of a man jumped up and ran to stand behind Meeka with a knife to her delicate throat while the other man fully drew his sword. “MEN!!! Get up here!” the thin man demanded.
Cage grinned and spoke calmly. “They cannot hear you. I killed them all and unless you hand her over without one more hair on her head harmed I’ll let you both live.”
“Impossible! We would have heard someone shout an alarm.”
“Listen, do you hear anyone, Tran?”
“How is it you know my… wait, why isn’t anyone coming?”
“Like I said…”
“Kill that man, he isn’t armed.”
“Gladly!” The thug said as he screamed and charged in with an over handed strike.
Cage raised an arm and opened his fist to reveal a thumb size stone. “Bullet.” And magic surrounded the object and fired it completely through and exited the size of a grapefruit from the skull of the burly henchman. He dropped to the ground and the sword clanged until it struck the wall and came to rest.
“NO! Not a damn mage!” Tran shrieked in frightened hysterics.
And Cage watched in horror, his grin vanishing, as he saw Tran’s knife wielding arm flex and the sharp blade began to start biting into Meeka’s soft neck. He knew he’d never reach her or have any time to word a spell, but a powerful mental image of creating a solid magical shield around her neck popped into his mind while also wanting to throw Tran into the wall with enough force to kill him on impact also appeared. A huge tingling surge blossomed between his shoulders told of his magic coming to life without any hesitation. He felt an enormous drain leave on a scale he hadn’t felt to date, but watched as a translucent film surrounded her neck as the blade harmlessly slipped across the steel hard barrier. At the same time, Cage screamed in anger as the severe drain of magic surged while he felt, almost as it were an actual tactile sensation, a force struck the entire front of Tran like that of an eighteen wheeler. It completely lifted and threw the frail looking man into the wooden wall, but as the building is has haggard as all the others in the slums, the rotting wood gave way and Tran shot outside, disappearing in the darkness.
Cage collapsed straight to his knees and gasped for air as the use of whatever he just did drained him of nearly every drop of available strength.
Without anything to spare he fell forward and blacked out.
He returned a minute later, hearing Meeka shout “Cage, wake up! Cage…” He pushed himself to stand and met her soft eyes that now cried in happiness with a touch of dread. “Come on, we have to go before someone comes.”
She’s right. He thought and managed to shakily find his footing. He found a knife on the dead thug’s body and used it to cut her bonds. He collapsed back to his knees as the strands slacked. He closed his eyes for a moment, but when he opened them two large breasts suddenly got bigger as he felt himself being pulled forward. Meeka grabbed his head and placed his face between her silky bare breasts without realizing as she cried in relief. He couldn’t struggle and rested in a comfortable, enveloping place for a minute before regaining enough of his senses to draw back. He looked into her bloodshot eyes and said “Let me take that off.”
She smiled as the muzzle came free and said “Thank you.”
“Like you said, no time for that now. I’m drained and need help standing.”
She looked down and finally realized her nakedness and gasped before gently pulling up her ruined blue dress and holding the rip closed to keep at least some of her beaten breasts from being seen. Meeka then stood with plenty of strength. Though her beautiful bosom hurt she had been sitting all day and wasn’t as exhausted as her savior. She offered her spare hand and helped him up. He could stand somewhat, but she held him up with a good shoulder and a hand around his narrow hips to find him built much more solid than his lean appearance showed.
Working together, they safely made their way down the stairs. He stopped suddenly and she looked up into his fatigued yet narrowed eyes. “What’s wrong?”
“Shh.”
Cage breathed deeply till the spots vanished and remembered what he had just done out of instinct alone. In his mind he said I just did a spell without using words to guide the magic. Have I been doing it all wrong? Could using magic be as simple as thinking? It is possible, but why haven’t I done magic with every stray thought? Then it became clearer as he remembered exactly how he had done it. Magic requires focus and a clear effect that needed to be used for it to work.
He then tried out this new revelation as to what he wanted to create. He lifted one black hand and the two of them watched as an orange flame came to life without uttering a single word. Cage then wiped the flames on the dry, brittle wood and it quickly ate at the fuel. More spots appeared so he quickly stopped, but had done as he set out to do.
Cage nodded to the door and she brought him close, removed her hand from his waist while he held onto her shoulder and opened the door to find two kids working. Confidently she shouted “Both of you get out! Someone set fire to the building! Hurry!”
The youths looked to each other till thick black smoke rolled into the room. They fled while Meeka and Cage painstakingly hobbled out. For once she didn’t care that Cage killed all these men. They coughed till they came outside, finding not one person coming to even look. He then said “We have to check on something before the place blows.”
“Blows? You mean there is to be an explosion?” He nodded and she hurried.
Outside the quickly burning building, Cage located the site at where Tran should have been, but other than chips and splinters of wood the drug lord had vanished. Only one set of prints left, but in his condition he knew he would never catch the man. “We must hurry now.”
Together they hobbled away as the house turned into a raging inferno. About three hundred feet away they were pushed down as the building sent a tower of flames and debris in every direction. Shouts of surprise woke the whole area, but with Cage’s guidance they fled the vicinity without speaking much, but not before retrieving his pack.
It didn’t take long to find safety in the woods outside the slums where they watched the fiery blaze that none could get near. Meeka tucked a loose strand of blonde hair behind an ear to gaze over the man who also watched, but breathed slow and deep. She had never seen him so exhausted and didn’t like it. She needed to talk and broke the silence. “Did you make that place blow with magic as you said it would do?”
He took a deep breath before meeting her eyes to find her in a mild state of shock. “No. All I did was start a fire, but the chemicals they use to refine opium is highly combustible. I just hope no one stays too close for the drug will affect all who breathe it in.”
She went quiet for a few minutes and slowly consumed some dry nuts from his pack to settle her shaking hands. “Why didn’t you tell me you are a mage?”
He sighed, but she didn’t get a heartwarming smile as he usually offers. “Because it is all new to me really. I’ve accepted this gift, but others won’t see it that way. You don’t. In our first conversation I saw how you loathe magic entirely, when I asked. I didn’t wish to give you a reason to hate someone simply because they are a mage. Magic is now part of me and I’ll not relinquish it. Even my old team wouldn’t have been capable of rescuing you without a higher risk of danger to you. I did tonight, alone, what would have taken five highly trained and equipped individuals.
“Are you mad I didn’t tell you?”
“You bet I am!” She teased with a smile. “If I would have known before we got to know each other I wouldn’t have brought you to my home. I might have even kissed you in my unfounded bias and hate of magic, but after tonight my opinion is changed. I cannot be mad at you for doing as you did and saving me.”
He looked at how she still clutched her dress in modesty. He sighed and took his shirt off and handed it to her. “It might be a little big and sweaty, but you won’t have to hold yourself together.”
“Thank you. My bad arm is thankful.” She admitted in a small voice and let the tight hold of her breasts spill out to the world. She glanced to see how he looked straight ahead, but not at her. She felt a little disappointed that he wouldn’t look as all men do, but she then remembered what had been done and slid the shirt over her head to find it not unpleasant for a delicious smell of him assaulted her senses. Her full breasts ached terribly, but the shirt was more comfortable than a form fitted dress.
“Meeka, I cannot keep my eyes ooopen” he yawned greatly while talking. “so can you keep watch? Using that much magic sucked me dry.”
Before she could answer she watched him lay back and fall asleep.
She watched him slumber for a time, it calmed her and she noticed he didn’t do so much as move unless to find more comfort on the hard ground. Though his face was smeared she couldn’t forget his stunning features on a calm expression and the lean, but powerful build of his body. She touched him, but he didn’t react so she felt whatever he kept on his arms and found it felt just like his smooth skin and she realized after rubbing the edge where the black material met a golden tan there wasn’t any difference. Meeka also began to rub his flat, but hard abs that didn’t soften even in sleep. She began trailing lower and lower till she realized what she was about to do and pulled back with heat burning at her face. She scooted away a foot or so to not be tempted into taking advantage of him while he couldn’t defend himself.
She watched the blaze in the distance for a while longer as more Miot citizens and their home guard came to investigate, but Meeka kept watch for as long as possible.

Sunlight filtered through the trees and it awoke Cage while a persisting headache throbbed behind his eyes and the base of his skull. He sat up and found Meeka flat on her back with her mouth slightly parted and her sleeping face was so serene he had to shake his head. He uncorked what remained of his water and consumed half. Cage then saw the small fire he made to keep the night air at bay had burned out hours ago. He let Meeka sleep for a few more minutes as he went to relieve himself on a nearby tree hidden from sight. Cage felt angry that she had slept when he asked to keep watch and something could have happened, but her recent treatment made his anger cool for nothing did happen. He then returned to her side but looked at the early morning devastation.
The building he set afire still burned and looked to also set one other that had been built near also into flames. The flames weren’t very prominent as before, but thick black smoke still made a tower float nearly straight up in the windless morning. A dozen people looked to be working around the remains to make sure nothing else happens.
After a few minutes of watching he came close and gently kicked her foot. She gasped and sat bolt upright in frightened surprised. Her tense expression and setting ultimately relaxed as she looked up at him. Her blue eyes swam as she admitted “That scared me, Cage. For a moment there I thought I was bound and was being beaten again.”
“Well you are not going to be beaten like that while I’m around. We have less than three days to get you back to Kote or else your dad and the home guard there rides here to explain the situation to some duke and ask for help in finding you. Go and do what you need to and we’ll head out in five minutes.” He offered his hand and she took it to stand again.
She left to do her business behind a bush and Cage chuckled internally thinking about how pampered all the girls he knew back home were and wouldn’t dare go to the bathroom outside while Meeka didn’t even seem to think anything of it. When she returned he had everything packed and asked “Did you check your injuries? How are they and do they need treatment?”
She smiled grimly. “I looked and although they aren’t in as much pain as last night they do not feel proper. The wounds were superficial and barely broke the skin in places. They have started to bruise, but will heal without any disfiguring effects. This Tran bit my nipples, but hadn’t broke the skin either, but it did hurt.”
“Good to know.” He said casually and watched as her cheeks reddened. “Did they hurt you anywhere else?”
“No, they must have known about my curse otherwise I would believe they would have struck my face, but then that would be their end if their flesh touched my lips.”
“Let’s go and talk along the way.” He didn’t wait for an answer as he headed for the road he took before that linked the two towns. When she caught up he offered her the last of his water and one dry mushroom which she nibbled on. “Alright, now answer me this, I know everyone in Kote knows of your condition, but how many outside your town do you believe knows?”
“I do not think there are too many. Our town is small and not very important overall in Vlara, but people who might have trade dealings with Kote might know. I really cannot say.”
“I have an idea how Tran selected you. But first I need to tell you what happened after your father left to deal with my demon joke and you went to town.”
“Wait, what demon joke?”
He chuckled and opened his hand to again use magic without speaking and created the miniature demon illusion that had her laughing so hard she had to stop because her breasts jiggled painfully. Still she asked “Is it really a demon?”
“Touch it.” She did and her hand went straight through and didn’t feel a thing.
Cage then explained about the delivered box and what happened after her parents got home and she began to cry till she heard what he did in a calm voice. After explaining his reason to come alone she began to understand why she had been taken, but he confirmed her thoughts. “I believe the man who worked with your father was caught, tortured and killed, but not before explaining your magical kiss, and how important you are to your father. Tran would have certainly gone back on any deal your father would make to get you back and since his operation had been found he would have killed you regardless. I couldn’t let that happen.”
“Why? Why would you go so far for someone you hardly know?”
“Because it is just who I am. You are truly a good person, but don’t get my words wrong, you are not perfect, nobody is and that includes me. Meeka, even if we never met I can tell your one of those people who does everything they can to make this harsh life easier. I would kill every living thing no matter the cost to keep such a person alive.”
“Don’t exaggerate, you wouldn’t kill a thousand good people for someone like me.” She scoffed lightly.
Cage stopped and seriously looked into her widening eyes. “A thousand or a million wouldn’t make me lose one night of sleep. The only thing I won’t kill are children who are our future. There is no such thing as good and evil for if you believe that then that is a truly childish delusion.”
“I don’t understand.”
“Alright, think about this in the good and evil perspective. Say last night you were scheduled for execution for a crime you didn’t commit, but the evidence had been falsified by someone in power and the soldiers or officers about to take your head know nothing of the deception. I would come and kill all in my way to save you. You would see me as good for sparing your life, but the families and other people who knew those I killed to rescue you would see me as evil. I will still be me and see myself as a man who does as what I deem to be the best solution. If I feel the need to kill to save a life, I’ll not blink. So long as the fight is satisfying I’ll not have remorse for my actions. Besides if I don’t piss anyone off and make enemies, it will only make me look like a coward.” He laughed lightly and continued walking, glancing over his shoulder from time to time.
Meeka went quiet as she let such an idea sink in. She had never thought of such things but she had a nagging question that slipped of its own accord. “What of women? Certainly you wouldn’t kill a woman.”
“Hell yeah I would! Just because people have different plumbing doesn’t make women any less dangerous than a man. In fact I’ve had to kill dozens of women before they could do the same to me. If anything, women are more devious and cunning than any man. Most women who kill, prefer to use poison, especially cooking it into food so the hungry person dies before they realize what happened. I doubt you noticed that every meal I had at your house didn’t pass my lips as I waited to eat after seeing someone else eat first, especially your mom since she cooked. It is also one of the reason I do not drink alcohol for its strong taste easily disguises poisons. I only ate the pizza first was to show you how it is eaten properly and also that I knew what ingredients I put in were all safe. Do not take it personal for I was actually poisoned once and nearly died for my mistake. So to answer your question, if someone comes with a true killing intent I’ll meet them with nothing less whether it be man, woman or animal.”
She went quiet again while pondering another notion she hadn’t conceived before. He said truths that really could happen so casually that speaking of killing another is second nature to him, but she didn’t sense any true hate or anger that usually entices acts of violence. To Cage, life is not a game or something to deny with lies. She once heard him say there is and there isn’t, but she just started to understand the depths of what he meant. Meeka almost laughed at his word ‘plumbing’ and had a string notion he meant genitalia, but couldn’t react when she knew he was trying to teach her something important.
They continued walking and she thinking, but the more she walked the more sensitive her bosom felt. “Cage, I’ve heard stories of mages able to heal. Can your magic alleviate my wounds?”
“I wouldn’t know how. I’m learning as I go and for me to do anything, I try working on small things till I feel comfortable enough making something larger. Magic might do more harm than good. For all I know I might try healing and wind up making you grow a third breast.”
She blinked quickly before laughing, thinking of a third endowment that had been mistakenly made and would further set her apart. “But can magic heal?”
“I know it can since I can walk again.” Cage winced and whispered “Oh crap.”
Meeka grabbed his bare arm and spun him around. “Wait, what do you mean you can walk again.”
He jerked his arm back as his headache still pestered him. “Just forget what I said, Meeka.” He said calmly, but she could sense the demand.
“No, not this time!” She defiantly stated and held his black eyes with her own. “I’m tired of trying to figure you out. I’ve told my deepest secrets to you, a man I’ve only known for so short a time, but you tell me truly nothing of yourself or where you came from. You hide so many secrets and that will only lead to disaster and misfortune. You have many odd terms and behave most strangely. I would like to call you my friend since I can tell how alone you are and are in need of one. Tell me about yourself, Cage.”
“Meeka, I can’t.”
“Can’t or won’t?”
He sighed in frustration. “You would not believe me and will think I’m nuts.”
“Aren’t my thoughts for me to decide?” She questioned with a singularly raised golden eyebrow.
“Do not say I didn’t warn you.”





Chapter 8

Cage crossed his long arms and glared at the woman, but she didn’t back down. Meeka didn’t fear him as he suspected and had a strength that actually impressed him. Most women would be completely unsettled and frightened from his empty countenance, especially after enduring what she had all day yesterday. She wouldn’t let this go at all, being unable to deny or skirt around. The muscles in his jaw clinched as his training to keep information from compromising himself warred with the human side that didn’t want to disappoint this kind person who just has curiosity that held not an ounce of malice. Eventually the human side won as he sighed. She smiled reassuringly at his stoic and frighteningly handsome expression. “Fine, I’ll tell you my story, but I just don’t know where to begin.”
“I’ve learned that the beginning is always the best.”
“Ok, but if I tell you this you must swear to never tell another living soul.”
Seriously, she vowed “You have my lifelong word.”
Again he could see her speak the truth and not once tell as she had broken a promise to another person. She meant it to the very core of her being, but her large, soulful blue eyes twinkled in triumph and eager intrigue. Eventually he conceded. “Try to keep an open mind alright. Most likely you won’t understand most of my words, terminology or jargon so be patient.”
“I’ll do what I can.” She promised.
“Come on. Let’s keep walking while I tell you my story.”
She outright beamed in pleasure and couldn’t look away from him for long as she kept pace at his side.
“If you want the beginning, you’ll have it as I know it. For you to understand where I come from you must know I’m not from this world.” He noticed from the corner of his eyes, not looking anywhere except the road ahead, and saw her jaw drop and her have a slight, stumbling misstep of utter disbelief. “I’m not lying at all. If you’ve ever believed anything I’ve said since we met you must believe I’m from somewhere completely different. Now back to the story…
“The very first thing I know about myself is I was abandoned shortly after my unknown mother gave birth to me. I was unwanted right from the first time I drew my first breath of air. She, or someone else, supposedly put me in a small metal cage and dropped me off at a courthouse and left without anyone seeing anything. That is how I got the name Cage, for it was where I had been discovered and someone didn’t have a lick of humor. As all orphans who are dumped by their parents, I was thrown into the system.” He met her eyes for a moment only to find her attention solely riveted to him. “The system I refer to is another name for orphanages. I grew up fast and had to learn to survive because the older children, who were in a similar situation as I, targeted me for their anger and resentment. Several times they nearly beat me to the point of death and the adults didn’t seem to care, but I never make the exact same mistake twice. I learned to fight simply by watching and the next time the older kids came to hurt me, they forever learned my capabilities, for at the tender age of six, I killed three twelve year olds with my own two little hands. I fled the orphanage before I was caught by the adults who never did anything for me.
“After that day I knew I could survive and not have rely on others.
“I thought and lived that way for three years after the incident and only had to kill one more time to survive. I learned how to survive no matter what stood in my way. For a time I had to steal food and clothes since I lived in a large city that snowed regularly. Nobody helped me and at the time I didn’t help anyone.
“Then one day at the age of nine I saw a drug deal go down and someone saw me hiding. I ran away as fast as my little legs could carry me, but the hired bodyguards easily overtook me and dragged me into an alleyway, out of sight from others walking the streets. I knew how to fight and felt a thrill to pit myself against a worthy opponent, but the four men who cornered me weren’t out to fight a kid. I was a disposable witness no one knew about or would be missed. One of the men drew a gun on me when I kicked him in the groin and kicked out the knee of his companion, but I was outsized, outclassed, outnumbered and unarmed. The man shot me in the arm and boy do I still remember the pain it caused… Well the gunshot drew the attention of a lone individual who saw what was happening.
“I passed out from shock, but not before seeing that large man run unarmed into the alley and easily kill the four with his own two hands. His moves were absolutely awe inspiring.
“By the time I woke up I found myself in a hospital… Meeka, that is a place where people go to see healers to get treated.”
She kept walking, listening with rap attention, but hearing that she asked “You mean healers do not come to your home? That is improper, why don’t they?”
“Doctors used to make house-calls a long time ago, but these days you have to be filthy rich to even have a doctor leave his practice for a checkup. Mostly they find it convenient, but another reason is because their equipment is usually impossible to move because of sheer size and weight. Now let me get back to my story before I explain other subjects.
“When I awoke I instantly saw the man who saved my life. There were police officers waiting for me to wake and tell them why I was shot. The police are like your home guard. They protect the people and punish those who break the law or harm others. I told them what I saw in the drug deal and, as a child, I didn’t have to get personally involved, but all the other men involved, including the drug lords were arrested.” He heard her whisper ‘That is good.’
“After the police got what they needed and left I finally got a chance to speak with the man who didn’t leave my side since he saved my life in that alley. In a sense I did to you what he did for me.” Cage smiled contently though his head still throbbed from the most likely cause of overuse of magic, lack of sleep and need for food fighting together to tell him to stop. “I learned his name was Beau and was about to leave town since he finished his fighting tournament and won first place against men half his own age. He was forty years old at the time, but he liked being called the old man. Said it made his opponents underestimate him. He asked where I lived and who my parents are, and not one to trust adults from bad experiences, I lied and he didn’t buy the story as to why I was out so late and alone. It didn’t take long for him to verify I was homeless and deserted by loved ones. The old man did the unexpected and brought me to his home in Florida. For the first time in my life I had a place to stay and someone watching out for me. I healed up and went to a gym that he owned and trained others how to fight. I asked to use the punching bag and surprised every adult there without meaning to. I had basic skills far more refined than any child my age. Beau challenged me to a match and the other adults thought it was a challenge all in good fun, but what they soon found out was I’m a natural born fighter who gets a rush of enjoyment. On that first match, I broke the old man’s nose and bruised his collarbone, but he was so skilled and used to pain and fighting that he had to knock me out before I did any killing moves. I awoke soon after to find him smiling, laughing and patting my shoulder while saying how wonderful of a fighter I was, but I lacked restraint and precision. He said all that while he tried to stop the blood dripping off his chin from the blow I did to his nose.
“From that day on he became my personal fight instructor and my father figure who never let me down nor I him… well most of the time at least. Then he enrolled me in home school to discover another frightening aspect of me. He called me a prodigy, for I learned at an accelerated rate for any other child my age. In two years time I was doing work college students at renowned institutions struggled over. In that aspect he couldn’t help. What would scare most parents or adults merely made the old man laugh. He didn’t get scared once as he taught me nearly everything I know about life.
“But the government got wind of my skills and approached me with an offer a sixteen year old boy couldn’t pass up. Fight for glory and the protection of your land. There was a group of individuals comprised of people just like me who learned nearly instantly, could fight and were easily superior to any other military group on the planet. Beau didn’t care what I chose to do, for a man who can think on his own can do as he likes, but made me promise to return to him from time to time to know I was alright. So, thinking I can kill some bad guys and protect my country with the usual propaganda that doesn’t mean a damn thing anymore, I went willingly. Petty governmental bastards…” He said bitterly and Meeka could see anger surface in his pure black eyes and hoped they’d never be directed at her. “I was taken to an undisclosed training center that tested me and found that no one my age could be compared or stand up to anything I could unleash. They trained me in the use of many combat weapons from knives to sniper training, all of which I perfected in less than a week. They pared me with a handler who was an ex-spy and she taught me how to infiltrate and blend in to any situation as I judged. Sometimes I needed all eyes on me as I danced with a woman or to be seen and forgotten or to go completely unnoticed with people everywhere. They built upon my natural abilities to read people and now I can predict well enough to spot a liar, thief or even average spies. Such refined skills saved my life more times than I can count.
“Eventually when I turned eighteen and proved myself to be my nation’s best asset, they put me in a special group from other nations with similar superior skills. The best team in all the world was comprised of twenty six men and nineteen women all like myself. Fifteen nations worked together and sent us on the most dangerous missions no other military or trained group could go. Our team was nameless for we couldn’t be known at all. We were all part of a military yet we weren’t acknowledged so we didn’t have a need to use normal military ranks, channels or words for our own safety and cover. And we lost only one member, a girl who was killed by a stray bullet, in the five years I was in. In four years though, at twenty two, the whole team chose me to lead the missions since my analytical and fighting skills were marginally the best. That is how my team ran, without any anger or bias. The best led the very best and if I was a fool leader they would have either replaced or killed me, but since I continuously brought everyone home alive, I remained leader. Though I excelled at close range, hand to hand combat, I sometimes needed to use weapons to complete a mission. It was the same for my brothers and sisters as well. The forty five members of my unit truly became my family. We would get orders from each of our nations by our top generals and carried them out with a ninety four percent perfect mission success. We were sent after drug lords, foreign spies, terrorists, corrupt government officials, hostage situations and quite a few rescue missions from our different governments military units being captured. The other six percent is if we made a mistake and got a bystander or the person we were sent to rescue killed. But not once was my team spotted as agents nor did we ever truly fail to finish our task.
“We were the world’s absolute best assault team of fighters and infiltrators.”
“You said were and sound so tense, what happened?” She asked when he went silent, but kept walking for several minutes.
Cage breathed through his nose to calm himself before finally looking at her while walking. “The collaboration of governments grew increasingly concerned by us and our expertise instead of being pleased. Paranoid would be the best word. Since no one of any significance knew about us, we were seen as an expendable threat though we never disobeyed an order unless it was to kill children. We were forced to kill a child on two occasions only because the enemy put explosives on the kids and sent them to bomb themselves inside military areas or at civilians.”
“How horrible.”
“With increasing concerns against our overwhelming success we were sent on another mission, not realizing we were betrayed by the very countries we had been chosen from to protect.” Their pace slowed, but didn’t stop. “We were sent after a troublesome drug cartel in a deep jungle that we had fought in before, but we were ambushed by those very men for they had been forewarned we were all coming since it was going to be a cleansing mission that would leave none alive. They knew where our destination was and sprung a well laid trap of their own. As the best, we killed over two hundred of their men before enemy fire cut my siblings down. In less than a minute only nine of my brothers, not including myself, were captured alive after the ambush.
“The first thing the cartel wanted to know is who the leader was. It was me, but we all knew it no longer mattered and the leader would be tortured the worst or have to sit and watch as his men were slowly and painfully killed before his eyes before dying himself. Not one of my brothers would betray each other, but we all knew we were going to die, but we still didn’t give up. Meeka, I won’t tell you what they did to my brothers, but I will tell you what they did to me.” She nodded, already looking a little green. “First they broke all the bones in my feet with a large hammer so that I couldn’t escape.” Her eyes widened. “They shoved splinters up my fingernails, electrocuted me with enough current to cause intense pain, but not kill, but their favorite tortures were to nearly drown me in salt water after beating on my face to make more open wounds. They urinated on us and completely humiliated us. For most men, they’d break after a few days at most and become delirious from such treatment. Not us.
“My brothers and I endured nearly a month of their generosity, but only three of us survived at that point. Unfortunately we had nearly all lost our humanity.”
“One day a rival gang heard the location of the cartel where we were being cared for and attacked them. In the confusion of gunfire and battle, one man of the drug lords who captured us held a knife and went to finish us off since we were all trying to escape our bonds. The man slit the throat of two of my brothers before rushing to me, but I managed to break the small bone in my thumb to escape the cuffs they bound my wrist with. But I was severely weakened and a bit delusional from their kind hospitality. I misjudged the strike and tripped, giving the guy the opportunity to literally stab me in the back. His knife slipped between the vertebrae and severed my spinal cord. It instantly paralyzed me from the waist down.” He stopped to touch her lower back, two inches above her buttocks. “He stabbed me right here, Meeka, right between the two bones where the softer cartilage lays. Did you know you can break every bone in your body and survive, but screw with the nervous system even slightly and you’ll die?”
She shook her head as he pulled his hand back. “One day I want you to teach me these things.”
“One day.” He promised before walking again. “The stabbing cleared my mind for pain sometimes does that. I was able to spin just enough to wrap my arms around his neck and break it. I crawled on my arms slowly for the pain in my lower extremities was blindingly intense. Sometimes I pretended to be dead and it helped to keep the knife in my back because it looked like someone did me in. After the attack there came the local police and I knew I didn’t have much choice to survive without their help so I gained their attention. Luckily for me they were actually the good guys and weren’t corrupt. Part of my training made me a linguist and I spoke to the officers, telling them the knife must remain till I get to the hospital and they agreed before I passed out.
“I awoke about a week later to answer what exactly happened, but since I couldn’t tell the truth about anything, I said I was out hiking with my friends and were captured with men of the military, since they found our gear there. I did a fair job convincing them. But I learned I would never walk thanks to a severed spinal cord. I seriously doubt if not for my world’s medicine I would have certainly died here because from what I’ve seen in this place, someone else in a similar condition would die slowly unless someone had kindness and ended such suffering quickly.” He sighed through his nose again. “I spent the next eight weeks healing and getting used to a new life I knew would cripple me forever. In that time I realized my family had been betrayed from the fear of our superiors and swore to justify their cowardice. Meeka, very quickly, a wheelchair in its most basic form is as it sounds, a chair with wheels. For people who can no longer walk it is the only alternative to staying in a bed all day and most likely die from bedsores or infection.”
“That is the truth as I know it… unless a mage is around and is kind enough to offer their services or can be afforded.” He nodded in thanks for her reinforced observation.
“Well I decided to get vengeance on everyone involved with the death of my brothers and sisters. We were betrayed by the very people we trusted and is the main reason why I have a hard time trusting others, no matter how kind they really are. Well my team made quite a bit of money we didn’t share with our overseers and we stashed it all over in an event we needed to disappear and I used the funds to get the names of every individual responsible who had a hand in having my siblings killed. It didn’t take all that long to get an accurate list without alerting the ones responsible that one of us actually survived the betrayal.
“The old man saw me about six months later and was more pissed than I was and that is saying something. He hated me being crippled saying he didn’t have a proper sparring partner anymore, but we still fought ferociously for I needed to learn what I could do in my new situation. Though he was aging we never really got the chance to go all out for one of us would surely die. He wanted to help me kill them bastards since he met a few of my team members and didn’t dislike one. But Beau knew this was personal and I wouldn’t be satisfied unless I personally got vengeance. He let me stay at his place and I used all my knowledge to track down every location the betrayers worked, lived, every food joint they visited, favorite place to go as a kid and even followed the movements of their families. I laid low for a year as I planned, worked and revised every piece of strategy I came up with. And during that time my upper body might not look like it, but my arm and hand strength is vastly superior than others for they were all I had to move with. Imagine all the strength your legs have and have it equaled in your arms.
“Over the next two years I randomly chose each country that supplied my family. I mixed up my method of killing for each target so that a pattern didn’t arise and each one that fell didn’t even suspect a cripple when they met me. In all, I killed one hundred and nine individuals with my own two hands. I killed each one, from strategists to generals, till at last no one else intimately knew of my team or had any affiliation to their demise.
“But then I got word that the old man died of a heart attack just an hour or two after killing the last man who originally gave us the orders to go and be killed. Out of everyone, I enjoyed taking his life most. I learned in my investigation that General Tripp is the actual one who originally talked the other nations into betraying us.
“I missed the old man’s funeral and paid my respects before preparing to drop off the radar. I got all my affairs in order and was about to never be seen again before the military somehow learned I killed the general and they tried to catch me, but they didn’t realize my skills were undiminished after winding up in a chair. If anything it made me more dangerous for I learned to see and do things the average person wouldn’t expect. I lost my pursuers…”
Cage continued the story of the chase and being stopped in the woods before being magically transported here. Meeka listened to every detail with wide eyes. She laughed as he said the greatest joy besides walking again was to urinate on a tree until she saw the truth and asked a few questions as to how he did it before and she blanched at the description of a catheter and how it’s used. He shrugged his shoulders since it had to be done.
He began telling her of how he had been healed of every debilitating injury, broken bones and scaring as he struggled. She even now understood the faint scars on his shoulder from the bite of wolves. The mountain lion’s scratches were nonexistent. Meeka gasped as he spoke of the island. “Are you serious? You arrived on the island to the west of Kote?” He nodded. “That is impossible! Everyone, including the mages, never get close to there. It is nothing but a death trap for anyone foolish enough to get near. It is off limits and I’ve heard even the mages are afraid of it for some reason.”
Cage continued the story and about how he learned of magic. Soon he paused to show her his armguards and boots. It made some sense to her as she studied the skulls with black diamond eyes. He omitted nothing except his specific uses of magic or anything relating to Ceembura, the creator of his new arms and boots. He even retold of how he killed the man in the woods and used his head for the bounty. Eventually he said “And you now know most of who I am and went through up to this point. Now it is up to you to believe if my story is real or not.”

They walked in silence for well over an hour till they came across a stream. Again Cage cleaned the water with magic, but didn’t need to speak since he knew what he wanted and the magic did the job perfectly. When Meeka took a drink she gasped in surprise. “I just thought because I was thirsty that the water last night tasted good, but it is your magic that changes the flavor…”
“No,” He explained while shaking his head. “all I did is take out all impurities, microscopic bugs and everything else that isn’t pure water. All that nasty blob is what I took out of the water. What you expected to taste is actually that gunk.”
“But I’ve never tasted water so delicious. May I have some more?” She pleaded and returned the container.
He smiled and did it again, but while he worked she suddenly admitted “Cage, for some strange reason I believe your story. I cannot understand certain parts of it as you warned, but it is too elaborate a story to be a lie. It does make some sense that you wouldn’t know even the basics of our life if you hadn’t come from very far away. You are a mage and even I can tell you are untrained. You don’t even know the land in which you stand upon. I can comprehend why you want to keep your past and where you come from a guarded secret. I cannot truly understand what you’ve gone through, but I can listen at any time you wish to speak openly.”
“Thanks, Meeka.” He said and handed over the freshly cleaned water and watched as she truly looked to enjoy the liquid. “Let me fill it up one more time before we head out. We have quite a bit of ground to cover before nightfall.”

Meeka and Cage began to move at a brisk pace for her and a slightly advanced walk for him. As they moved she couldn’t help thinking of the man beside her being from another world. He doesn’t have any reason to lie. And she can’t prove either that he is lying or actually from another world that the gauntlets spirited him from. There is much about magic she doesn’t know, but she believed deep down something like that is possible.
But as she walked her eyes drifted to his pants where she flushed at the size of the flaccid bulge beneath the cloth. She remembered it well that morning two days before and imagined what such a thing can do for a woman, but then she thought more of it and thought something weird. She asked hesitantly “Cage, will it be alright to ask how you were mutilated?”
“Mutilated? How do you mean?”
“Your manhood…” She blushed while looking ahead sheepishly.
“My what?” He quickly tried understanding her meaning and a moment later he laughed aloud. “Oh that?!” He chuckled. “No, I was not mutilated. I was circumcised after I was found as a baby. It is very common where I come from. All they do is cut away the foreskin. It helps keep infection down while also making it supposedly more pleasurable for women.”
Before thinking, letting her sexual side take a moment of control she asked “May I see it?” Then as it registered she hurriedly added “For a healer’s curiosity I mean. I hope you do not mind?”
“Hardly.” He laughed and began undoing his pants on the barren road. “I’m not at all conservative. I say we were born nude and shouldn’t be embarrassed about it. If it’s unbearably hot why do we have to suffer being hotter because of clothes. It should only be used to keep us warm in winter or to keep the sun off when it is relentless and use clothes to shade our skin. There should not be one reason to be embarrassed about yourself.” And Cage finally pulled it out, making Meeka’s eyes grow to the size of her fists. “And if I can somehow prove to healers and other medical professionals how my knowledge of modern medicine can have people live better lives I’ll do what I can. After all, I’ve never had an infection because of foreskin and nor have I felt the signs of a UTI since I haven’t the need of catheters. So Meeka, what do you think?”
“The gods sure blessed any woman capable of taking in that.” She said again without thinking as her heart beat with desire. With great strength she kept herself from reaching out, working it into a lance and trying to make her feel like a real woman in the throes of passion do. She heard him chuckle and cursed mentally as he stuffed it back in and seal it away. “Does it hurt, getting this circumcision?”
“I bet it did, but I was a baby and don’t remember. For a man to get one he’d need several days or weeks before having sex again, but I also hear that a circumcision gives men just as much added pleasure as it does women.”
They began walking, but her curiosity couldn’t be quenched after seeing something so impressive. “Does it still work the same?”
“As far as I know.” He said casually, laughing on the inside after seeing her hungry expression while also feeling pity for her because she could never feel the pleasure of becoming one with another.
“Did it also work after you wound up in this wheelchair contraption you spoke of?”
“It did. For men it is usually an involuntary reaction to a stimulus.” To which she asked innocently ‘Like what?’ “Like action, romance, watching others, sometimes seeing something they really want, some say it is because they found their mate, music or fighting also does it, but most it is when they truly desire to take the person for themselves. Hell, even women have their reactions when they want someone. Their downstairs swell in a natural preparation to welcome a man inside and their nipples harden. It is all natural, but most find a subject like this taboo or a forbidden topic. What is, is. To make sex seem uncomfortable just shows how weak minded the individual is.”
“You said it is usually an involuntarily reaction. Is it involuntarily for you?” She couldn’t help think of how she first reacted to him and what this conversation is arousing deep with her. It has only happened a few times with her when she finds a man or woman attractive.
“Not any more. I’ve learned many skills and keeping my pride in order is one of them.”
“From the context of what you say, can I assume you’ve been with other women before? Did someone hurt you so that you’ll never be with another?”
He looked at her while walking. “I have. It was quite an experience each woman will never forget.” He grinned as she blushed and noticed the two hard dots poking from his loaned shirt. “But it has been over three years since I’ve laid with a woman. After winding up in a wheelchair, women saw me differently, like an inferior man with weak genes. Women used to flock to me and beg me to make them orgasm like no other man they knew, but after the paralysis… they taught me something. Both they and I were shallow. I realized then that I didn’t know love, nor does it truly exist. I had a girlfriend at the time, but when she found out I couldn’t do as I once could she left me saying she couldn’t handle being with a cripple. I took care of myself as I always have, but being by my side was too much to ask.” Cage shook his head. “The only ones who didn’t treat me differently were the guys at the gym. They were the only ones who saw me as me.”
“I wouldn’t have done that if I was your woman.” She said softly.
“Oh really?” He asked with sarcasm while continuing. “I’ll believe that statement if you answer me this with the upmost truth. Have you ever been aroused by a truly ugly individual or a person who cannot walk or has to use some form of crutch and think ‘Oh, I’d like to fuck his brains out right now!’ and decide to walk right up to that person and befriend them with that in mind and follow through?”
Meeka went cold all over and stopped as bumps rose all over her body. Never before had she heard someone say something truly shocking than he. She stared at him as he too stopped and crossed his arms over his bare, hairless chest. Not once in her whole life has someone asked something so critically honest about herself. Not having any real friends made her a social outcast and this situation and questioning startled her. Meeka didn’t sense any anger or hurt in his voice and his calm eyes seemed to burrow into her soul. The warmth in her chest and flower vanished as he asked her of this. Is this what a friend is like? She asked in a side thought while turning inwards to find a memory and say she is different than any of the women of his world. She stood frozen in both body and soul while staring at him and thinking critically. Tears began to well in her eyes as she shook her head, feeling that his questions were more painful than any torture she felt yesterday. She murmured “I cannot say otherwise, Cage…” She felt her lips quivering. “I’m just as pathetic as those women you know. The gods have made me weak…”
“Damn fool.” He cursed while walking right up to her and poking her forehead. “God or Gods are a figment propagated to control the minds of the weak. Think woman! That is where our greatest power lays. You must think rationally if you’re ever going to grow. Gods do not exist.”
Her jaw dropped as he spoke such blasphemy. “But they do!”
“Bullshit!” He countered and stopped poking. “I’ve seen proof that they do not. It is people who made up such fantasy. If there are such things as gods I’d go find them and beat the shit out of them for not doing their jobs. If they are really the source of good and evil then one should have won by now at least. There is always someone stronger or who makes a mistake and gets killed. Nothing is perfect. If the god of supposed Good won he wouldn’t allow children used as weapons, mothers killing their children, armed robbery or have the need to give anything alive pain. And if Evil won they wouldn’t allow even the faintest sliver of Good to exist. Gods are just a grownups imaginary friend or enemy. If I ever see a real god I’ll believe it and like I said, I’d kick its ass, well if it has one.” He chuckled. “Meeka, all that I’ve come to know is there is only a cycle, life and death. There is no beginning or end, just a never ending cycle. When we die, some part of us will live on in the life of another just like someone before us has died and is within us either in body or memory. Open your eyes, Meeka, and think for yourself, not what others want you to think. If you don’t believe me then that is your choice you made all on your own, not because some fictional being said so. A rationalist questions everything and believes in what is real or is not. For instance, I never believed in ghosts or spirits in my world, but after coming here I met one that wasn’t a trick, illusion or fake.”
Her eyes widened like it did when he allowed her to see his manhood up close. “You’ve actually seen a spirit?!” He nodded. “When?”
“Only once, but Meeka even the spirit referred to there being more after death, but nothing of a creator or some master plan. If you are to grow as a person you must think!”
The tears she held at bay broke for a mad run down her cheeks as she sobbed “I hope to do something like this and not be a petty woman like who hurt you so. I’ve never had a real friend before or a love. I wish I could have you! I so want to be someone else and have someone that I wish I’d die just to get a chance. Why can I not have a lover? Why must I be punished for something I didn’t do? How can I have any kind of romance or pleasure when it is given to others so freely and been denied to me? I hate this! I hate this curse that has taken everything from me that makes me a woman… I cannot lose myself in the throes of passion or have a baby I could never kiss or truly care for!”
Cage’s heart begins to break, seeing her lose herself and misjudged just how far she could be pushed before snapping. She looked so strong and kind, but it was a brittle mask to hide all the pain being released right now.
Without thinking, he knew how to stop her emotional pain that threatened to crush her completely and approached with only good intentions, tilted her chin up with a knuckle and brought his lips down upon hers.
Meeka was so totally oblivious in her bewildered state of mind that she didn’t notice what Cage started doing till she felt him lift her chin and felt the tender warmth of his lips press upon hers. Her eyes widened at first in surprise, but grew as she realized what he had done. She felt something surge within her as bumps stood on end all over her body. She remembered such an overwhelming feeling happening only once before and felt a frigid shiver of fear rise from every corner of her body and blast to her lips in the blink of an eye.
Cage felt an immense tingle of magic ripple through his body like crawling ants, just like when he felt the barrier back on his island. His mind instantly registered what he had done, but was too late to dodge the attack.
In the instant their lips met Meeka’s curse came alive and blasted, without any guidance, through their connected lips and into Cage.
Cage felt as if he had been hit by a truck supercharged with lightning as he felt the impact of magic slam into him. By the sheer force of will and high tolerance of pain Cage remained conscious, but lost all control of his body. He felt like being tortured back in the jungle with electricity again. Cage’s eyes went wide and couldn’t stop himself from watching Meeka’s frightened eyes roll into the back of her head as she crumbled to the ground. Ever so slowly, as if in actual slow motion, he began leaning forward, but then back as his center of gravity pulled him backwards and fall rigidly against the hard dirt road, but felt nothing as he stared up at the open sky. For a moment Cage didn’t understand what was happening, but then he remembered the second biggest mistake of his life, just after losing all his siblings.
Is this really the end? He wondered internally, seeing his vision frost and ice over like that of a window in wintertime. Why did I do something without thinking? Oh yeah, I’m still just like any guy who isn’t fond to see women cry for something that they didn’t bring on themselves… What is that feeling? It is like the wintery mission in Siberia… Oh shit! This is Meeka’s freezing curse!
He felt the creeping chill consuming everything he is from the inside out while also approaching from the opposite direction. Cage hadn’t a clue as to how to counter such raw and powerful magic that had invaded him. Though Cage couldn’t understand it he felt the foreign energy trying to completely take over and knew if he didn’t act quick, he would freeze to death. Already in some places he felt nothing and knew his nerves had been frozen like actual frostbite as if he were somehow lost high up in the mountains. Then Cage came up with the most rudimentary way to eliminate ice or cold.
Heat!
Before the curse had a chance to get anywhere near his mind, he concentrated like never before, pushing away all fear and other emotions. With the focus he needed achieved he felt his own tingling of magic flare to life. Cage felt how unmethodically the curse froze him and had no way to know if this spell would even work since he didn’t have time to do things small, but the magic he owned came to his immediate call. Every healthy cell within his body came alive as he made each one become surrounded by flames to counteract the deadly chill. Even his frozen eyes began to burn with warmth as he saw his vision turn pure black. But while he thought and fought the cold he knew Meeka lay nearby and hoped the flames wouldn’t do her harm.
The curse came to a stop as the magical heat actually did as he sorely needed it to. Fire and ice warred against each other, one trying to push in and relentlessly freeze while the other tried heating to expel the outside blight.
All around Cage’s body burst into black flames so hot they melted the road he lay on into glass. The flames became a three foot magical cocoon of heat, but didn’t harm the unconscious Meeka or even singe her clothes. They lay there for some time in a inferno of magical properties.
As Cage fought with everything he had within, he began to sense something peculiar deeply imbedded within the cold magic that held its own and neither gained or lost any ground. While focusing on the fire so it didn’t relent he sent a thin strand of his magic, wanting to know about whatever he sensed and the magic obeyed. Something about the cold felt vaguely familiar. Doing two tasks at once wasn’t all that hard, but doing it with your life on the line is near impossible, but he focused on keeping his every cell fire hot and felt around the odd texture within the ice. Slowly he began to understand that the curse was actually filled with emotion. There weren’t any images within the emotion that could be seen, but Cage felt all that gave the curse life. It was a potent mixture of anger, resentment, betrayal, hurt, loneliness, mourning, hate at one’s self, some joy, happiness, love, lust and many other raw emotions that cannot be articulated. But he kept learning more and more about the curse and came to realize that these were all the emotions of Meeka coming out in a magical way he could understand. He truly didn’t realize how she truly felt, but he now knew her in the most personal sense. The feeling was her most raw essence that couldn’t be shared by any other way.
With everything I now feel, Meeka, I understand and still accept you. You don’t have to be alone anymore. He thought, and as he did so he felt the cold weaken slightly. He changed the thread of magic into a mental fishing hook that pulled her emotions out of the curse and into himself. As the last of her emotions came out of the curse, the freezing completely stopped resisting and the explosion of heat gushed throughout his whole system. He could feel as the slow pumping of his straining heart circulated the cool blood began warming as the fire thawed every cell. Revived nerves felt like pens and needles as fresh blood circulated. It was strange how the magic was so powerful he could kill while also doing something so delicate and precise as allowing him to feel every individual cell within himself, but that means he also felt the cells that had crystallized or burst and knew what would happen if they got free. In response, he used magic again to force every destroyed cell to the surface of his skin and make each one get expressed through the sweat glands. Knowing even one cell could cause an aneurism or blood clot, he fastidiously ejected every ruined cell while warming himself back to health. He started to feel extremely tired from it all, but pushed the thoughts aside as he worked.
As he expressed the very last corrupted cell from his being and began to double check the demanding work, the weakening feeling returned and without any more warning he passed completely out.
At the same time he lost consciousness the flames winked and vanished.

Not ten minutes later came a merchant’s wagon with a husband, wife and young daughter who saw smoke rising not long ago and hurried their draft horses down the road and came across horrendous scene that made the father yank back on the reigns before putting his livelihood or family in any danger. Smoke and heat consumed nearly all the road to find two bodies laying right in the center of the destruction. The three looked on in complete surprise. “Dear, what happened?” The wife asked.
“I haven’t a clue. Looks to me like they were attacked or something.”
“Father, should we go find someone help?” Their young daughter asked.
“No, first we should do is see if they are alive, then go from there.”
The three quickly got out of the wagon and hurried over to the very edge of the devastation. The father put his foot down and crunched the ground at the very edge of the sight. He looked to his scared family who also conclude magic being part of the destruction and picked up a hot chip of something he stepped on. “It’s glass.” He determined oddly. “Hurry, we need to get them out if they aren’t dead from the heat already. Kele, go help your mother with the woman and bring her to the wagon, I’ll get the man.”
They ran quickly across the extremely hot glass to hear pieces popping to release the trapped heat. They all had strong shoes, but even they wouldn’t last long on the hot and dangerous surface as they raced over to the two and drug them over to safety. After the difficult struggle, they looked to the venting glass to see only two oval shapes untouched by whatever happened. Then they tended to the two, the large man looking a bloody mess. Every inch of him covered in blood and his pants were completely saturated in the red that the original color was difficult to discern. His wife said “She is breathing, Kele, try to wake her up. Dear, let me check the young man.” He moved aside and she knelt and used her minor healing training her mother taught long ago by putting put her fingers on the side of his slick neck. “He’s alive, but just barely. I can barely feel the beat of his lifeblood flowing. Dear, help me…”
“Wha…” came another groggy voice and the parents turned to the mess of a young woman. She tried to sit up but the mother came closer while their daughter brought a cup of water and an herb that rouses nearly everyone. “Easy Dearie, Take your time. You are safe now.”
“Wh… who are you?”
“Mele. Do you know who you are?”
“Meeka.” She answered hoarsely as she began to slowly remember her last moments. Her eyes shot wide as she shrieked “CAGE!” her eyes looked well beyond the fear the merchant family ever knew. “No, no, no! Where are you!” She looked around and saw him laying near and completely bathed in blood. “NO!” She screamed hysterically again and somehow gained the strength to push Mele aside and half run in a tattered dress to his side to begin bawling like never before. “You can’t be dead! You just can’t!” And she dropped heavily on his chest in a half embrace when he didn’t move.
“Meeka, right? The young man is alive for the moment.” Mele said calmly as she rushed over to put a hand on the girl’s frightened shoulder. When she didn’t show any reactions besides bawling, Mele forcibly jerked her up and slapped her across the cheek quickly and it had the desired effect as the girl stopped for a moment and sat her wild eyes on her. “Listen to me, he is alive. You crying won’t do him any good, now focus.”
“He…h… he’s alive? Truly?” Meeka asked in a voice that didn’t even sound like her own. Her haunted eyes slowly begin to focus as she looked from the calm woman in front of her to the bloody body of Cage. She stood there, not believing it at all till she knelt down at his side in an almost dreamlike daze and put her fingers on the side of his neck to feel something other than assumed cold. After a few slow and weak thumps beneath the warm flesh, her mind cleared and she put her ear over his heart and barely hears a slow, but steady thump. Half of her face and hair came up with half dry blood sticking as she said in absolute wonder “He is alive. He survived…”
“Meeka, look at me.” Mele calmly knelt before her. “He needs help. Can you tell us where the nearest place is that he can find it?”
“He is alive… he didn’t die…” she whispered over and over.
“Meeka!”
“Oh sorry, I’m just so overwhelmed. What did you say?” Meeka listened again and stated “The best place would be in Kote. My mother will know what to do… I think.”
Kele came close and offered the water while asking “Isn’t it closer to head to Miot? Besides it is larger and will have more healers. Either way if we can’t stop the bleeding it won’t matter.”
“What?” Meeka says in a daze and looked down and really saw Cage’s horrendous situation. She nearly ripped holes in the end of her dress from a white knuckled grip and rapidly began to wipe the blood from his skin. Mostly it just smeared around, but then both Mele and Kele took out a cloth and helped out. It is Kele who said “His top half isn’t wounded, but without his permission to check…” Meeka doesn’t even hesitate as her hands went to his belt and undid his pants, breaking the button in her rush to find the source of his injury. The whole time they ministered to him, he didn’t show any kind reaction.
Both women blushed as Meeka pulled his pants completely off with the help of the other man. Meeka didn’t feel half as embarrassed as the others are at seeing his impressive nakedness, but she had them also help roll him on his side while she checked his bare back and her brow furrowed. “Strange, he’s bled, but not from any wound I can see.”
“We can ponder the mystery some other time. Right now we need a skilled healer’s hand… for I know of no mages in this area and the small Adventurer’s Guild is back in Miot.” The father stated. “Tell me which way to travel, but first I need to clear the glass off the road either way. While I do that you ladies see what you can do for him. I’ll take the shoulders while you three pick up the rest. He’s heavier than he looks.”
He looked at the frazzled girl Meeka and smiled “Names Quil, I want to help and know what has happened in exchange for all that glass.”
“I don’t care so long as I get him to my mother in Kote as fast as possible.”
Quil looked at her and saw how quickly she got her priorities together once she believed the man lived for some reason. He nodded and looked to his family. “Seems like we are going to Kote as scheduled.” They nodded and lifted Cage’s limp body together. Kele averted her eyes in modesty while hurriedly bringing him to their loaded wagon. Together they shifted their wares aside and managed enough room to lay him in and beneath the wagon’s canopy.
While the girls worked on Cage and did all they could, Quil grabbed a shovel and an empty barrel to quickly fill it with large chunks of glass. He couldn’t leave such valuable items laying around. He worked quickly and three barrels later the large pieces were properly stored and what he couldn’t salvage was scooped and piled off in the grass so that anyone using the road didn’t have to fear shards hurting a horse or anyone else. By the time he returned he found Cage covered in a blanket and wiped clean from a barrel of water. He had a golden tan, but beneath it he appeared sickly pale and Quil knew the signs of blood loss well. But beside the boy, Quil had to look again as the girl Meeka had changed and didn’t look anything like she had before. She wore one of his wife’s dresses and cleaned up to reveal a stunning woman hidden beneath all the debris from earlier. Kele helped him stow the glass and the pack that belonged to the two and asked his love “All set?”
“Yes, Dear. We must go with haste, but make the trip not jar him too much. His condition isn’t good.”
Quil hopped into the driver’s seat and snapped the reigns for the horses to proceed to Kote. From time to time he would look back and see Meeka constantly look at the man as if it were a miracle.
Meeka just couldn’t look away as her mind felt stuck. The only thing that kept her from fainting is her hand resting over his slowly beating heart. He didn’t feel as warm as usual, but she couldn’t wipe a weak smile from her face as she knew it wasn’t a dream for she could feel him alive and that impression of his lips weren’t an imagination.
Eventually Mele had her daughter go up front and sit with Quil since the back of the wagon was full already. For a short time all that made noises were the horses or the jiggling contents of the wagon. The mother then asked “Dearie, please tell us what has happened to him? If we are to help further we must know we are not harboring fugitives. If you are outlaws we must turn you over to the authorities. That was magical in nature back there was it not?”
Meeka swallowed and slowly met the eyes of the family all looking at her and Cage. “It was. He is a mage, but I don’t rightly know what really happened. But you needn’t worry, we are not criminals. My father is mayor of Kote and my mother is one of the best healers. I greatly thank you for your help and for doing this.”
“It is a job you’ve already paid for.” Quil announced. “All that glass will cover your dress and anything else that might hold us back from trading. You just sit back and keep an eye on your man there. Tell me if anything happens and we’ll stop, but if not I’ll see to it we travel through the night to reach Kote.”
“Thank you.” Meeka still said and got an acknowledging nod.
Turns out they traveled all night, but Cage’s condition hadn’t changed a bit.
But just as the grey light of a false dawn appeared Quil shouted to the back “I think we might have some trouble.”





Chapter 9

“What do you mean? What is the problem?” Meeka asked in the dark wagon.
Quil looked forward while saying “I mean I see a bunch of torches ahead and several armed men. They’ve seen us already so there is no point in hiding. What should we do?”
Meeka crawled up to look over his shoulder to see at least six men standing and looking critically in their direction, all wearing swords belted to their hip. She sighed in relief of recognition. “Do not fear, they are the home guard. I know those men.”
“Good enough for me!” Quil said as he snapped the reigns.
“Halt! What is your business?”
Meeka popped her head out and said “Ren! It’s me Meeka.”
“Miss Meeka?!” He said in utter surprise and sprinted closer as the wagon came to a stop. “It is you! The mayor and your mother are worried sick. So did Cage’s plan succeed? Where is he? The whole town has been worried since your kidnapping!”
“Please send words to my family and tell my mother Cage is seriously injured and needs immediate help. And yes he did save my life.”
“Where is he?” Ren ordered.
Meeka met him on the backside of the wagon and the old warrior saw Cage’s peculiar condition to ask “What has happened to him?”
In a very serious voice she admitted “He has survived my kiss.”
The warrior met her eyes and shook for a moment as the words sunk in. He ran back around and told the driver to go ahead. He then ran to his men, told them what he learned and sent a runner ahead to warn her parents. The rest of them grabbed the burning torches and mounted to escort the wagon to the mayor’s residence with all haste.
In a quarter hour’s time Meeka saw several people standing expectantly in front of her home. When they could stand it no longer she watched as her parents broke from the others and ran to the wagon. Cillian and Tiffa both yelled “Meeka!” and she met them at the back to cry and be embraced with them again. The reunion didn’t last all that long as Meeka pulled away and looked to all the other dozen or so townspeople quickly surrounding her. She looked into the wagon for a moment to state “Mother, Cage needs all the help you can give. His condition hasn’t changed since he kissed me.”
“Then it is true?” Tiffa asked as she wiped tears of joy from her cheek.
She nodded. “I don’t remember what happened after he kissed me, but this family saved us.”
Cillian looked to the three alert heads looking back at the scene and said “You have my thanks for saving my child. Anything you need, let me know.”
“Names Quil, but we only need to trade in town. We’ve gotten our payment. You just take care of this mage.”
Cillian crawled into the wagon with Tiffa and saw how sickly their guest looked and they exchanged meaningful glances. After a quick examination, Tiffa caught the eyes of the home guard and said “He is in bad shape. If I’m to help him, I must tend properly. Men, please carry Cage into Nolan’s old room.” And they got out as four burly men gathered together and lifted the blanket that surrounded Cage. Meeka wasn’t far as Tiffa quickly led a procession of people inside her home. Cillian held up his hands in the dining room and said “Wait here. I’ll come down when I have news.” And he hurried up the stairs to find the warriors placing Cage in his son’s old room. Only the swordsman Ren stood over in the corner till he would be dismissed while the others stepped out.
Tiffa began her examination and immediately looked to her right as Meeka knelt beside her too. Immediately she asked “Has he lost a lot of blood?”
In instant response Meeka replied calmly now that she had time to process events “After I came to he was slick with blood from head to toe, but I couldn’t find a single wound on him. It is the truth. The only thing I found was the bruising at his ribs, but those are days old. Mother, how did he survive my kiss?”
Ren had to ask “Did you kiss him?”
She shook her head and looked at him. “No, he kissed me when I started losing control of my emotions, but I know not why.”
The swordsman nodded as if he understood perfectly, but she didn’t get a chance to ask as her father stated “Meeka, I don’t understand what happened, but Cage should be dead.”
“I know.” She said as tears began spilling down her cheek.
“No, you don’t.” Tiffa said as she felt Cages pulse. “Meeka, when you were little do you remember the mage who came to see about removing your curse?”
“What does that have to do anything?”
Tiffa turned her calm eyes on her child. “Answer my question.”
She bit her lip and honestly shook her head. “I thought so. It is alright to speak openly in front of Ren, he knows what I’m talking about because your father wanted him around just in the event the mage wasn’t part of the council. Now Meeka, when you were a toddler we had the Magical Council send a mage here. He showed up and tested your curse for a way to break it for nearly a week. He had you kiss a mouse, chicken, cow and horse as a test. Even that mage showed fear of your curse when you froze the mouse as quickly as the cow. What we’ve never told you is he is a first class sorcerer and in all his power he could not even begin to understand the complexity of your kiss.” Meeka’s jaw dropped and all around the room she was met with reinforcing stares. “As a toddler he told us it would take about three minutes to freeze a human, but as you aged the curse would become increasingly faster and stronger. Even in all that mage’s power he honestly believed that none could survive your kiss. As a grown woman you can freeze anyone in about ten seconds. In all honesty, Cage shouldn’t be alive.” She emphasized in all seriousness Meeka has rarely seen. “Ask yourself this, how has a novice mage overcome a curse even the highest class of mage wouldn’t dare to try?” No one talked for several minutes as she said for herself “His pulse is half what it should be, but it is calm and steady. He has undoubtedly lost quite a bit of blood. Meeka, has he roused at all, had a drink or ate anything?”
“No, he hasn’t even made a sound. I dripped water from a clean rag to get some water into his system because I cannot risk pouring it down his throat and have him be too weak to have the reflex to cough.”
“Good girl. What he needs most is food, water and sugar. It will help his body replenish whatever he has lost… Ren please go down and make a watery gruel and take some fruit, mash it to a pulp and strain it with water. Warm both just a little if you would.”
“Ma’am.” The man said and hurried out.
Cillian knew she had given them a few precious minutes alone. He shut the door and sat beside Tiffa while they stared at their daughter meaningfully. “What?” Their daughter asked in a nervous voice.
Her father answered. “Meeka, your mother and I can only think of one reason why Cage still lives.” She sat with an overwhelming expression just to understand what is happening. “Meeka, he must have something to do with your prophecy.”
“What prophecy?” She asked, bewildered.
Tiffa answered. “Your father and myself were skeptical, but recent events have made us believe. We are still bound and cannot say who cursed you, but the person did say there is a slim chance of hope that you might find love.”
“What?” She asked breathlessly. “Why haven’t you told me any of this?”
Cillian sighed. “Because we didn’t want to see you give up should the prophecy be fake. The last thing we wanted to give you is false hope and see you hurt worse than usual. We wanted you to have some kind of life…”
“What is my prophecy? I have the right to know.” She pleaded softly.
“Your prophecy is this:
“Love is the strongest and most natural feeling to pursue, but is the hardest to truly obtain. Others will be in your future, but alone you cannot reach one.
“Two decades will pass before the beginning and end. Start from fear, end in clarity, but stay away from vanity. To set free the one from the darkness, another must be by your side. When two come together they can find true happiness with the one.
“Serenity and anger will bring about the truest love any ever considered possible.”
Meeka stared dumbfounded for several long minutes, trying to memorize the words and decipher the odd meanings. But she did stare at Cage in a new light. She understood that he must be part of it as the man from darkness for he doesn’t open up easily and has a dark side when she sees him fight.
Before she could even form a question Ren knocked and entered without permission. He handed the tray to Tiffa with one glass of red water which could only have come from the raspberries they stored and a bowl of a mushy white contents. Tiffa stood and sat on the side of the bed. “Cillian, Ren, sit Cage up carefully.” They did so and held him there, Ren had to get a hold of Cage’s hair to keep his head from falling forward. Tiffa gently tipped the glass up and wet his lips. Carefully she tipped more and had Ren tilt his head back while she massaged his throat to stimulate the instinct to swallow. She did that and it was slow going for several minutes, but half the glass became empty. She then spoon fed him the tasteless gruel and helped him swallow. This whole time Meeka was the most on edge as she watched her mother work. “Alright, lay him back down. I don’t want to give him too much right away or it can do more harm than good.”
They did so and Tiffa turned again. “Now, Meeka, are you hurt?”
Her cheeks reddened as she looked to the two men. “I am, but not too badly.”
Cillian demanded in a cool anger. “Tell us what happened after you were kidnapped. I need to know right now.”
Reluctantly she began explaining everything, omitting nothing. The two men went red in the face at such a cruel treatment, but felt a bit more gleeful when she explained what Cage had done to save her from the cruel fate, set the place of fire, but losing Tran. The more she spoke the more better she felt. Afterwards Cillian carefully hugged her, aware now how much pain she still felt. He looked at Ren and said “Let’s go inform the others and see to it this Tran fellow is caught, tried and hung. How does three gold for a bounty placed on his head sound?”
“Not enough in my opinion, but such a price will make the hunters go seeking. That is for certain.” The man said as they left the room.
Tiffa stood and helped her daughter up. “Let us go to your room and let me see what those men did to you.”
“But what about Cage?”
“He will be fine for a few minutes while you are seen. Go.”
She nodded and hurried to her bedroom, Tiffa close behind. In the privacy of her room Meeka stripped and saw the angry look her mother revealed. She looked down to see both breasts had nearly completely turned a brownish green. Meeka held completely still as her mother delicately grabbed the tender breasts and massage them, feeling for any deeper problems that might have developed since the torture. Meeka gasped in pain but her mother kept saying “Endure it child.” Eventually she concluded “Your breasts will heal to just as they once were, but the bruises will take a few weeks. Your shoulder too. Go over to the ewer and clean up and put on a dress that looks more comfortable than that. You nightdress would be a good choice. I’m going downstairs to whip up some food for us to eat together. I’ll meet you in your brother’s room when I’m done.”
“Thank you, Mother. I’m so glad to be home.”
“As am I.” Tiffa smiled and hugged her child.
They cried together for a few minutes, both hearing Cillian explain the situation downstairs. There were other voices, but Tiffa pulled back and smiled tenderly before leaving Meeka in her room to change.
It didn’t take much time to undress and don her usual nightdress. Its soft and comforting cloth supported her tender breasts without showing off the injuries. She took her boots off and also went over to wash off the sweat, blood and dirt she couldn’t remove from what Quil’s family could offer. She then quietly left her room and slipped back across the hall and entered her brother’s old room.
Inside the room lay Cage, but as she knelt at his side she saw that he looked somewhat better after getting something into his system. She couldn’t look away from his handsomeness or forget the prophecy she had been told. She touched his warm cheek and held back the tears as she smiled like never before for she looked at a man who might actually be for her. She then slowly felt his neck and found his pulse somewhat stronger, but by a minuscule amount. Meeka spoke softly, not knowing if he could hear or if his sleep were so deep he couldn’t hear. “Cage, I cannot believe you still live. Though you still suffer… I am so truly glad you are alive. I hope you get better and I know I cannot help speed your recovery, but I am here and won’t leave till you are better. I’ve heard music also helps the sick. I cannot hope to play your ocarina half as well as you, but I can sing. I hope you like it.”
Ever so slowly Meeka began to sing one of her favorite songs about the love of life and the search for the proper lover to heal the hollowness of being alone. She didn’t sing as openly as usual for he needed to rest and not want to hurt his hearing should she reach the higher notes, as he once explained. Although she sang at his side for several songs while not moving, Meeka swore he looked more relaxed.
As she brought the song to a close she looked over to see both of her parents standing silently, listening and watching her. She brought the sheet that now covered Cage up to his chest and walked over to embrace her emotional parents again now that the horrible situation ended. They held each other for minutes, expressing themselves in their own way.
Eventually they parted and Tiffa retrieved the morning meal she had cooked while Cillian finished speaking to the others. They sat at a small desk when Cillian brought in three chairs for them to use.
Nearing the end of the meal Meeka asked “Father, what is happening? Why where there so many people here waiting?”
He put his warm tea down. “Ever since your kidnapping the whole town has been anxious. After Cage here left to go get you, nearly the whole town rushed over here to do what they could to get you back.”
Meeka stammered incoherently for a moment before clearly asking in disbelief “The whole town has been worried about me? They don’t even like me and most wouldn’t care if I died. Why would any worry?”
“We thought the same way too.” Tiffa commented gently while not letting go of her daughter’s hand. “In my worry for you, and risking everything on Cage, someone I’ve just met and a mage at that, I became very angry and lashed out at everyone who came here asking what they could do to help. I yelled ‘Why is anyone here?! You’ve treated my daughter like swine and many have whispered they’d prefer to see my child dead before her curse destroyed Kote. You’re all hypocrites who say you want to help, but have not once shown any real kindness as she always gives to others without asking anything in return.’ And let me tell you, my anger silenced everyone and made them look pitiful.” Tiffa smiled as Meeka could only stare blankly. “But then I was caught completely off guard as Jakie walked close and timidly spoke something I’d never would have believed. ‘I am deeply sorry for all the wrongs I’ve caused her over the years. I never thought of Meeka as anything more than a curse sent to harm us for displeasing the gods. Not once did I ever consider it could have been me who could have been cursed. I hated her for always smiling and being so comely that any man who didn’t know her plight would prefer to gaze upon her than me. I was jealous and didn’t even think why I despised her so. But then Cage came along and humiliated me and my friends before the whole town. I was so mortified I actually wanted to harm him, but then his words began to make me think. I’ve never once would have thought how bitter and angry I would be if it were me in Meeka’s stead. Now that I reflect I can see she is a far better person than I’ll ever be. And if our positions were reversed I would probably have done myself in if I couldn’t be the woman I was meant to be. She then always compliments me on my beauty while I always call her foul names. Tiffa, I wish to make amends for all my petty jealousy and do something for her for once. Please tell me what I can do.’ And her openness froze my tongue.” Tiffa smiled proudly.
Cillian then chuckled. “Your mother is also understating herself for her eyes were nearly as large as my fists. But your mother wasn’t the only one stunned for the whole town looked at Jakie as if she had grown another head. It had an effect on the crowd I’ve never seen before, and let me tell you, I’ve seen how easily a crowd can sway. Jakie openly confessed she was wrong. I bet not one man had ever heard a woman say she was wrong before, not even from their own wives or daughters.”
Tiffa batted her eyes lovingly and grinned in an odd way. “That was a once in a lifetime occurrence, My Love. You’ll probably never hear the like again.”
When Meeka couldn’t help herself and chuckled her parents couldn’t hold out and joined her.
After the release of tension ended Cillian continued “Jakie’s story made others voice how they’ve slighted you in some way and wanted forgiveness and a way to make amends themselves. It became impossible to placate the townspeople when they heard we were going to open up discussions to have you returned. Quite a few wanted to mount up and go after you since they said you were part of this town and would do the same for one of them. It forced me to say that Cage already went and told everyone to stay or they would have gotten in his way. They yelled and said it was foolish to send a lone man till I was again forced to reveal his magical abilities. That shut them up just as well as your mother’s anger. If I hadn’t done as I did they would have complicated Cage’s efforts.”
“I’m sure he will agree with you.” Meeka announced calmly and looked over to see him still in a deep slumber not ten feet away. “Father, why was there a roadblock set by the home guard?”
“I’m getting there. Be patient.” He sighed heavily and glanced between the two younger members in the room. “Hearing Cage was a mage frightened most everyone. We all have heard the stories about the dangers of being near mages and the town realized if Cage is a mage he can rescue you without much difficulty if he could be trusted. When I reminded them about you as my daughter being the one taken and how I wouldn’t have entrusted him unless I believed he could accomplish such a feat. The town council decided to wait the five days seeing as I believed Cage could do as he said…” Cillian smiled at the severely wounded man. “and actually accomplished. They also decided that since my plan went horribly wrong it would be best that the home guard establish a barricade leading into town and keep at least two here to guard me and your mother. They did it in the case more of those thugs try something else and the men kept the unwanted or ill intended away.
“Some of the townspeople stopped by for a short time for any word and I suspect more will arrive after hearing of your return and it’ll cause more of a stir when they hear how he somehow survived your kiss. And until I can submit the opium I’ve obtained as evidence against Tran, two of the home guard will keep us safe.”
“How long might that take?” She wondered.
“About two days. I’ve sent for a courier to safely get the evidence to an adjudicator in Vin’re who is well known for his hatred of drug dealers since his wife had been killed for witnessing a deal happening.”
“He’s just like Cage…” Meeka whispered.
“What was that?” Cillian asked.
Meeka shook her head “Nothing.” remembering her promise.
Tiffa gathered all the dishes and said “I’ll check on Cage quickly.” She then moved over to sit on the side of the bed and began examining him for several silent minutes before stating “His heart is marginally stronger than before. The food and drink helped. You two, help me sit him up again.”
Meeka and Cillian moved and gently sat him up, but her father held his torso up better while she lifted his drooping head. Together the three carefully gave Cage the rest of the meal from earlier. They laid him back down without problems. Tiffa then stated “Meeka, it would be best if you got some sleep for a few hours. I’ll stay here and look after Cage till you wake. Cillian, if we have any guests will you kindly see we are not disturbed at all today.”
“But Mother, I cannot sleep.”
“I figured as much, but I can see the medicine already taking effect.”
“What medicine?” She asked with worry, finally feeling why her eyes were getting harder to open.
“The herbs I put into your tea. After all you’ve been through I know you find it impossible to do without help. Goodnight, My Daughter.” Tiffa sais as Meeka’s eyes closed and she slumped back into the chair.
Cillian got up and picked her up in his arms and took her into her bedroom to lay her in bed. He also closed the shutters to darken the room from the morning light. He kissed her finally unknotted brow and closed the door. He came over and wrapped his arms around his love’s neck and together they looked down upon Cage with admiration and eternal gratitude. Tiffa couldn’t help whisper just like their daughter as she said “He actually did it. He saved her and survived her kiss, but why did he kiss her? He is kind, but doesn’t ogle her like most men. I didn’t know he fancied her.”
“Maybe he does and then again maybe he doesn’t. He is a difficult one to figure out, but I can guess why he kissed her. Meeka always hold everything in, but maybe when it all came out he could sense her misery overwhelming her and knew it would do no good when he promised to get her home without delay. She probably needed something else to focus on and men know of only one way to change the focus of women. He turned her inward focus all on himself, probably forgetting her curse for he sees our daughter as herself, not a blight or outcast of society. He sees her as a normal woman, probably because they both have magic running through them.”
“Do you think he is part of her prophecy?” Tiffa asked, leaning back into his embrace.
“Hard to say, but if he is and can give her happiness as the last line states, who are we to keep them apart? He is different, but a man of his word. But I hope the prophecy isn’t wrong and gives her false hope, if she comes to believe Cage is her destiny, but it turns out he isn’t… She will be devastated. I don’t ever want something like that to happen.”
“Me either, but we cannot see the future or do anything except stand back and let events play out. It won’t surprise me if when he leaves, she will go too. All we can do is hope for the best. We’ve already found our happiness.”
“Indeed we have.” Cillian said as he kissed her soft neck. “Do you need anything from downstairs?”
“Yes, can you find and bring me all of the notes I was working on with Cage before all this happened? His knowledge in the art of healing is making me feel like a little girl working with my mother all over again. His ideas are fascinating and make sense, but I get the feeling he knows far more about healing than he is willing to share.”
“Such are the way of mages. They are a strange kind of people who never tell you things completely.” He smiled and let go to leave the room as Tiffa pulled a chair close to the bed should something happen.

Meeka woke feeling exceptionally rested and her injuries less sensitive, but it took only a second for her to remember everything and she half jumped out of bed and opened her door to see her father staring directly at her. “Where is she?”
“Asleep. Don’t be mad at her for it was my decision to make you sleep.”
Cillian smiled as she nearly stomped her way into the room and saw the defiant setting in her features, but as she came into the room Meeka seemed to forget about her resentment as she noticed Cage laying peacefully in the bed. She stopped and he watched as her tense expression melted into a tender one. “I’m still mad, but how is he?”
“Much the same, but your mother says he is slowly gaining strength. She isn’t as worried as she was this morning. We fed him one more time, but the ordeal he underwent seemed to tax him greatly. Tiffa also doubts he will wake soon, but his color is returning. I noticed that when I told her to get some sleep.”
Meeka pulled up a chair beside her father’s and gazed at the subtle differences she last remembered till now. His ghostly pallor looked much more natural. She placed her fingers on his neck and felt his warmth was nearly back to normal and his pulse stronger. “What time is it?”
Cillian leaned back saying “The sun has set not a few minutes ago.”
She looked worried as she asked “Tell me I didn’t miss anything?”
He smirked. “No, he hasn’t even twitched, but your mother said she believes he is so exhausted he can do nothing else but breathe. But other than him, nearly all of Kote has heard of Cage’s heroism and his living condition after your kiss and all wanted to see proof for themselves, but Ren has the home guard positioned to keep us from being disturbed all this day. He might not say all that much but he can be very persuasive when he wants. And a courier came by an hour ago, surprised me greatly. Already the opium evidence is on its way directly to Vin’re as we speak. I came in not long ago and had Tiffa get some sleep. She hasn’t had any since you were taken actually.”
She looked down. “I’m sorry for worrying everyone. You and Mother most of all.”
Sternly Cillian said “And just why are you sorry? You have no reason to be. You didn’t do anything wrong. Those men struck you, kidnapped you, beat you raw. Cage even was the one who kissed you. Nothing you did needs to be apologized for.”
“But…” he shook his head. “No, I know you my dear daughter. You are always so kind and gentle so do not ever apologize for something beyond your ability to control.”
“Then you need to apologize to me for drugging my tea. That wasn’t very kind.” She said with a wry smile.
He chuckled. “Your mother said much the same, but I apologize, Meeka.”
“I’ll be back in a few minutes. I need to hit the head, as Cage says.”
Cillian laughed and patted his daughter’s back.
Meeka descended the stairs thinking, Now I know why you are so hesitant when someone else prepares your meals Cage. Anything could have happened after being drugged. She returned soon after, missing a familiar presence and asked “Where’s Rhody?”
A look of pain crossed Cillian’s features. “When the men attacked, Rhody must have done his duty, but didn’t survive. They killed him for protecting us.” Meeka cried all over again and held her father close. He might have been a temperamental dog, but he had been ferociously loyal.

The next day resulted in no change in Cage’s condition, but Meeka had a surprising guest as Jakie was allowed for a brief visit. The other beautiful woman said much as Tiffa explained earlier as they both sat in the room with Cage. Meeka felt so protective over him she didn’t leave his side for more than a few minutes or a few hours when sleep claimed her. Jakie openly confessed how sorry she had been and voiced all the wrongs she did against her while Meeka sat and listened. Jakie stilled as Meeka placed a tender hand atop hers and the other woman froze from shock and fought to jerk her hand away. Meeka simply held her hand there to show nothing would happen and after a few minutes Meeka smiled and said “You’re forgiven, Jakie. I hold no grudge against you, I never have.” That made the other young woman confused. “Your words did hurt me, but I couldn’t be angry at you. You didn’t have to live as I and it wouldn’t have been fair to you if I didn’t understand your position. After all it is impossible to be angry with a beautiful woman for long.”
In a soft voice she never expected from Jakie she said “That is very kind of you to say, but again I cannot understand how you can look at another woman as I do to men… it doesn’t seem right to me actually. I’m jealous that you are more fair than I and I admitted that, but I cannot even imagine laying with another woman.”
Meeka smiled tentatively and waited for Jakie’s eyes to meet hers. “Everyone is different and I now understand my infatuation with you was a fleeting dream. I believe my life is leading me somewhere unexpected. Hopefully I can find love. Whether it be with a man or woman I’ll not care so long as I find the one who can make me feel like a woman. I just want fulfillment, like you find in men.”
Jakie smiled wryly. “The way you said that makes it sound dirty.”
“Why should achieving orgasm be seen as something other than beautiful?”
Jakie stared open mouthed at Meeka then they both began to giggle.
Soon after Jakie withdrew herself from the chair and looked between Meeka and the unconscious Cage to say “I hope things turn out well. I hope he recovers.”
Tiffa checked on Cage and Meeka after the visitor left but heard Meeka singing to him again. It had quickly become a habit and knew Meeka sang as a release of her tension and to fill the time that stretched all day long.

Cage slowly became aware as the sun just began to rise. He heard a beautiful and soft melody croon close by. He focused on it as he felt tired, but also tired of being tired. It was a strange sense, an almost hollow one. He lay on something soft, comfortable and warm. The song was slow and kind, but the singer had perfect pitch and made the song come alive and stir the soul. He knew right away who sang though he only heard her reach a High E note. Meeka’s singing talent was a great way to wake up and he smiled internally. As it came to a slow lilting close he cracked his eyes and said “Don’t stop, Meeka, it’s beautiful.”
Her sapphire blue eyes flew wide as her vision blazed a trail to his black ones and he smirked. She suddenly yelled “Mother! Father! Cage’s awake!”
“Ow! Not so loud Meeka.” Cage said as he sat up and put his palms over his ears. His senses were so raw and sensitive he could faintly feel a vibration through a bed he found himself in as someone ran in the house. The next thing he knows two people rush in and see him sit up. “Where am I?” He asked as he took his hands away.
Cillian came closer and said “In my son’s old bedroom. His name is Nolan. How are you, Cage.”
Just as he asked a sudden, overwhelming and uncomfortable feeling overcame him. “Uh-oh. Look out, I’ve got to find the head quick.” He announced and threw the covers off himself and nearly knocked Meeka and Cillian aside. Tiffa was smart enough to get out of his way. He found the stairs and took them in two bounds before landing on the first floor, opened a door that led into the large dining room and sprinted to the door and unbolted it before running hard to the outhouse. Once there he sighed with great relief as his bladder became completely empty. While there he sat for only a few minutes and felt like a whole new man.
He stepped out to find five individuals standing nearby. Two men wore swords at their sides, but seemed genuinely surprised to see him as they talked briefly with Cillian. Cage stood there for a moment, completely nude and without any modesty since he didn’t care either way to be clothed or not.
Then Meeka came up unabashed and asked “How do you feel, Cage?”
He yawned and stretched. “A little tired and hungry, but my joints and fatigue tell me I’ve been out of it for a while. How long has it been?”
Cage studied the others critically, but Meeka seemed to be the most excited. For once her eyes didn’t drift below the equator and stayed glued to his face. She seemed to radiate happiness and joy and her body language bounced with energy. “Do you remember anything?”
“After losing consciousness, nothing till a few moments ago.”
She smiled so beautifully he had trouble keeping his head straight for some reason. “Since you kissed me it has been three days.”
“Then it isn’t any wonder why I’m hungry. Can I get something to eat?”
“Of course, we were just about to have breakfast actually.” Tiffa commented.
“Is it ready or can I have five minutes?”
“I’ll need at least ten to finish.”
“Good. Hey Cillian can I borrow a sharp knife. I feel I need to shave.”
The mayor nodded and took the eight inch knife from his boot and offered the handle out. “Sharpened it not an hour ago to shave myself.”
Cage came closer and gratefully took the blade. “Thanks.” He then walked slowly over to the barn to pump water into two buckets. But he didn’t notice the women heading inside together while the three men followed. Cillian left for only a moment to say “Cage, catch.”
The mage easily caught a white bar of soap and lathered himself up nicely before washing all the grime off. As he shook his hair to spray the water away he took the knife and used a touch of magic to create a mirror to shave properly. Cillian and the others weren’t prepared for what they saw floating in the air without anything holding it up, but he recovered quicker than the two younger warriors. After a second rinse he felt like a new man since the cold water made his cells come alive. Much of the tiredness vanished.
By the time he turned around he saw Meeka come closer with a set of clothes draped over an arm. He took them and put them on while asking “Tell me how you are feeling, Meeka. The last thing I remember of you was watching your eyes roll back into your head and saw you collapse.”
She smiled in a heartwarming way. “That what happens when my curse is triggered. All of my strength vanishes for a time. Don’t frighten me like that again!”
He pulled the shirt down and walked right up to her, Meeka’s eyes never parting from his. He grinned. “I cannot explain it, but your curse won’t work on me anymore.”
“What do you mean?” She asked in dumbstruck denial.
Before anyone could react he bent down and gently pressed his lips against hers without any warning. He felt the crawling tingle of intense magic, but didn’t fear it like it first warned. Meeka felt the bumps rise all over her skin again and the strange rise of energy, but it didn’t slam through her lips as it did before. He leaned back, rubbed her head “See I told you.” and walked away.
“Did he just…?” One of the men asked.
Cillian stared openly. “I saw it too.” Cillian turned back to a frozen daughter. “Meeka, are you… alright?”
She couldn’t take her eyes off Cage’s back, but she managed to stutter “I… I… I think so. That felt strange…”
He came closer and put a hand on her shoulder, unable to look away too. “What does that mean?”
“My curse felt as it always does, but it didn’t go anywhere. Usually I can feel it pass through me and into another, but it didn’t this time. I have no idea what just happened. Come, let’s ask.” Meeka’s reverie came to an end and she nearly sprinted to his side.
The other three move quickly as well.
As Cage pushed the door in, he smirked as Meeka stood by his side and looked at him with a strange and hypnotic expression.
The all went into the room to find Tiffa also coming from the kitchen carrying a large platter stacked with food. Cage looked at the room to be surprised at how quickly the repairs were made. Only a few minor problems could be spotted, but at least the impressive dining table had survived and remained unscathed. The door leading to the washroom was no longer there and probably been destroyed and would be fixed at a later date. But what relieved Cage most is that the family that sheltered him these past few days were reunited.
She sat it down and saw the odd looks the others were giving Cage and asked “What’s wrong?”
One of the soldiers answered. “He just kissed her again, right in front of all of us, but nothing happened.”
“WHAT!?” Tiffa yelled and gave a withering look at the mage. “Cage, are you touched in the head or something? You have yet to even fully recover and you attempted another kiss. Are you a glutton for punishment or do you really want to chance your life again?”
He sat down at the table and sighed. He gave everyone a look and all went to sit down till Cillian said “These are family affairs. Please keep watch outside and when we are done we’ll feed you.”
It was obvious they wanted to stay and hear, but one of the ruling council members gave a polite order to which they followed. Once everyone took a seat an uncomfortable silence followed as Tiffa filled everyone’s plates with eggs, cooked potatoes and carrots, but giving her family meat and Cage a heaping portion of eggs. She also filled each bowl with stew and poured steaming water into four cups. Eventually to break the silence Meeka had an idea. Looking to the cups she asked “Cage, can you do that thing with the water like you did before?”
He smiled and noticed the concerned looks her parents exchanged. “Of course.” Cage extended his hand and focused on the four mugs and the teapot. He let the magic flow and watched the startled expressions as a pea-sized brown object gathered above four cups and a thimble sized blob appeared over the pot. He then pulled all the particles into a quarter large piece of garbage and laid the blob in a nearby waste bin. Tiffa began to ask something in a concerned voice, but Meeka began to explain just what he had done and how much better everything will taste. Afterwards she looked to Cage and asked “Did I miss or say something wrong?”
“Perfect as always.” She blushed, but didn’t look away once again.
“Didn’t you say you were hungry?” Cillian asked to change subject.
“I am.” But he didn’t even reach forward to start.
“Oh, Right!” Meeka said in remembrance and started eating her eggs first. She then had a spoon of stew and tasted everything on her plate.
Seeing her take the initiative, Cage finally picked up a fork and began eating.
“What is that all about?” Tiffa whispered to her husband.
But it was Meeka who answered. “If I was as smart as Cage you wouldn’t have drugged me.” Such openness merely raised Cage’s eyebrow and instead listened. “He won’t eat or drink anything someone else prepares until someone else eats first so he doesn’t have to be worried of drugs or poisons.”
“Is this true?” Tiffa wondered as she saw him nearly inhaling the meal.
“Mostly.” He stated and wiped his mouth on a cloth napkin. “I actually watch how people react around food mostly before I eat. If you would have already prepared the dishes before coming in I’d most likely politely decline saying I’ve got an upset stomach, but since I saw you bring everything out at once and unceremoniously scoop the contents onto each of our plates I can feel slightly more at ease since none of you show the signs of wanting to commit suicide. But I still wait and watch as someone else eats and if there is any slight hesitation I’ll refuse to eat. As a kid I had to learn these things or wound up hurting myself.”
“It sounds reasonable the way you say it, but” Cillian began. “where do you come from that makes you learn such things?”
“Father, you really do not want to know.” Meeka stated kindly, but the warning beneath the words didn’t go unnoticed.
“He told you?” Tiffa asked.
This is getting dangerous. Cage thought and watched Meeka like a hawk. She didn’t miss the look or pause long enough to be making up a lie. “Yes, he did, but I made an oath to never explain. All I can say, for he has said it before, he is truly not of these parts.”
Cillian gruffly asked “If you told her, why can you not extend us the same courtesy?”
“Because it is in both of our interests that you and Tiffa remain oblivious. Furthermore, I only told Meeka because she needed a distraction from the day before. If not for the circumstances, none of you would ever know. Besides I wouldn’t be here right now and you’d probably never see me again.” All their eyes widened, but none more so than Meeka who looked as if she’d faint for some reason. He felt a bit confused about it.
“Enough of this particular conversation.” Tiffa demanded flatly. “Cage, I want you to tell us how you survived Meeka’s kiss and recently done it despite nearly dying the first time.”
He ate a few bites of stew and biscuits before speaking. “Honestly, after I realized what I did and saw her collapse I nearly shit myself. It frightened me almost as much as that time I was truly injured.” He added cryptically, but he saw instant recognition on Meeka’s expression as she figured it was when he was ambushed and lost all his dear friends. “I felt the intensity of her magic and it knocked the wind out of me. But first I need to ask if any of you know what frostbite is?”
An odd look passed between the parents, but Meeka understood why he asked since she heard only the basics of his medical knowledge and knew he knew far more than her and her mother combined. “Yes, Cage, frostbite is quite common here. It snows greatly in the winter and Mother has had to amputate toes and fingers many times from people foolishly staying out too long in the frigid weather. Why is it you ask?”
“Alright, do you know what a cell is?”
All three shook their head.
Cage focused on an image he knew when he took medical training and upturned his hand. He focused hard and the magic brought forth an enlarged illusion a foot in diameter. “For you to understand just what I did you must have a greater understanding of our body. What I am showing you is a red blood cell. There are billions of these within us and not all look like this. When you see blood, what you are actually seeing are thousands of these microscopic cells. I have to make this quick for it’s taking everything I have to explain so listen. I asked about frostbite because you need to understand my method. Since it snows you understand how ice freezes over. Well our bodies are about seventy percent water. When the water within our body freezes that means our cells do as well. We are warm blooded so cold isn’t good for us. The black or dead tissue you’ve had to cut out of people are actually cells doing this…” He then altered the nearly realistic representation of a floating cell and had it expand and crystallize. When it reached a certain point he explained “As you can see, the cell ruptured.” He then stopped the magic and watched the cell vanish. Small black dots blotted his vision and he breathed for a few minutes to recover. The three stared, but not at him as they were trying to wrap their minds around his lecture. “Tiffa, now let me prod your medical knowledge again. Have you ever seen a person refuse to have a frostbit appendage removed and most likely died after coughing up blood for a few days or suddenly died without warning?” She simply nodded, but couldn’t speak so she let her expression ask her thoughts. “The reason is that the ruptured blood or other cells died and were carried through the bloodstream couldn’t be absorbed safely and made a deadly clot that killed the individual.” Cage then turned his eyes on Meeka. “Now I know it is around summertime, but your curse is like a fast acting blizzard happening in an instant. Meeka, when I kissed you, your magic began to freeze my every cell and somehow my magic allowed me to feel my cells, those alive and being frozen. I did all I could do and used my magic to coat every living cell with fire. All I managed to do is stop the curse from spreading.” The family sat forward to focus on his every word. “I’ve never done something that intense before. Desperate times calls for desperate measures. It took everything just to hold the freeze from taking over completely. I don’t know if it were seconds or minutes that passed, but something about the cold felt strange and I learned your curse is fueled by your emotions.”
“My emotions?” She queried with trepidation
“That is the only way to describe it aloud. I felt everything about you within the cold trying to kill me. As best I can articulate I took your emotion into myself and the result made the cold die. It sounds strange I know, but” he scratched his head to think. “in a way it was like I accepted you though I feel exactly the same.”
“You accept me?” Meeka heard herself say and sat up expectantly.
“In a way I cannot even begin to rationalize.” He admitted truthfully. “But let me go back. After I pulled your emotions out and the cold receded, the living cells rapidly warmed my system, but my magic allowed me to feel all the cells that had burst from freezing like I just showed you. I knew I would die unless I could expel the dead cells from within. So I decided to sweat the destroyed cells out.”
Meeka suddenly sat straight as if someone shocked her. “That is why I couldn’t find any wounds when you were covered from head to toe in blood.”
“It was the only way at the time.” He figured. “There was so much, but I had to get it out or risk serious complications. I then felt light headed as I usually do when I do too much magic, but the combination of blood loss and immense magic strain practically sedated me till a short time ago. But” He held up one finger for emphasis. “like I said, it is hard to explain about pulling emotions inside me, I just knew your lips can no longer freeze me. I just knew I could do as I did and be safe. I was cautions of the unknown before, but I no longer fear your curse, Meeka.”
“Excuse me.” She said as her tears began to well and she left the table and room, her long blonde mane billowing like the wind as she disappeared in an instant.
Both parents stood to follow, but Cage intervened. “Leave her be. She needs to be alone right now so she can understand there is a way for her to find a lover.”
They sat down and looked at each other for a time, but Cillian eventually asked “Are you going to be that for her?”
Cage shook his head seriously. “I do think I feel closer to her, but I’ll probably just be her friend. I’m hesitant about women for personal reasons, that she knows. She is the finest woman I’ve ever seen or met, but as I am now, I won’t be good for her nor will I use her for my personal pleasure or lie. She is too kind a person for someone like me. I will always be her friend though, but unless something drastic happens I do not see us together in that way.”
“You mean to say rescuing a damsel in distress from cutthroat drug dealers isn’t drastic enough?” Tiffa wondered.
“It isn’t even in my top one hundred rescues or missions. Saving her was a walk in the park compared to others.”
“You are serious aren’t you?”
“I’m dead serious. Plus if Meeka finds someone who can requite her love, it’ll have to be a mage of course who isn’t afraid and cares greatly for her, I’ll tell them what I did so they can be what she needs.”
“No one is perfect.” Tiffa prodded, hoping he is lying for her daughter’s wellbeing and mental state.
“True, but she is a friend. She needs someone who won’t actually kill her if she comes near them with a knife.” Her parents eyes widened. “I’m not trying to make light of myself or try to push her away. It is an actual warning. If she ever came at me with a weapon, even if she thought she was merely playing around, I would probably kill her without question. The only way I’d not see her as a threat is if I were training her on how to fight.”
“You would kill women?” Cillian asked.
“Couldn’t Tiffa slip that knife your holding under the table in my gut as easily as you?” He asked and saw the startled reaction cross fleetingly in Cillian’s eyes.
Slowly Cillian sat the knife on the table. Tiffa stared at the polished blade in shock. “I suppose she could, Cage. For you to think like this must mean you’ve had a rough life.
“You could say that?” He smiled for a moment. “By the way, did Rhody die?”
He could see the answer in the sadness of their eyes. Tiffa dabbed a cloth in the corner of an eye. “He died in vain.”
“Hardly.” He said calmly, regaining focus of the two. “He went down fighting like any good dog. He got hold of one of the men who came here and attacked us. Rhody sunk his teeth in the leg of one guy and his limp quickly gained my attention when I reached Miot. What your dog started, I finished.”
Cillian emotionally said “That does make me feel better, knowing he got something in. Thank you for that.”
“Look, the meal was filling and delicious, Tiffa, but I need to sleep some more. Can I still use the bed or would you prefer I went back out to the barn again.”
Tiffa said “I’d rather you take Nolan’s bed for now. You’ve done us a great service and I’ll not keep you in the stable. Your honesty is frightening, but I know you won’t harm us so long as we do likewise.”
“Thank you.” He smiled again and silently moved to the door hiding the stairs and opened it to find Meeka startled for she had been listening through the door the whole time, which he knew. But he smiled and said “Good, your parents were about to come up and check on you. I need more sleep. Later Meeka.” He passed by and saw her smile bashfully as he went up and fell asleep nearly as soon as his head reached the pillow.
Meeka sat at the table again, but remained so wrapped in her thoughts that her apatite vanished, but she absently picked at the food. Cillian and Tiffa watched her with worry and pity, but could see Cage was right and she needed time to sort things out. They ate slowly and not one word passed till the meal was over. Tiffa then brought out a meal for the two men patiently waiting outside. She then said “For right now I need for both of you to promise that you’ll not speak of what you saw or heard this morning. For all you know, Cage still slumbers. Right now we cannot have unwanted visitors for rest is what he needs most.”
One of them put a fork down and said “We understand, Tiffa.”
She smiled gratefully.





Chapter 10

Cage awoke, hearing a subtle squeak of wood as pressure was applied and could feel eyes upon him in the nearly pitch black room. Already he felt better after another long rest and clearer of mind for it, glad the incapacitating sleep from earlier had all but vanished. He didn’t open his eyes and pretended to be asleep. When he heard a stalking step of someone moving slowly on bare feet come within three feet he felt that whomever it is had gotten close enough.
In a blinding display of speed, Cage rolled off the bed and whipped his legs into a scissor-like spread as he hit the hardwood floor. He saw the figure’s silhouette and wrapped his legs around the person’s knees and twisted, causing the individual to lose their balance. As Cage rotated he pushed himself up on one arm with a burst of strength while tightening his legs so the opponent couldn’t kick out or be able to gather their legs together in the unlikely event they gain the advantage to flee. The opponent landed heavily on their back with an grunt as the wind left them. Struggling lasted all but a moment as Cage’s legs squeezed while he sat securely on the person’s hips. His left hand wrapped around a slender throat with enough force to restrain without causing serious pain or choking off the wind supply. He balled his right fist and held it near his armpit and twisted it slightly, ready to deliver a powerful punch. His grin spread as adrenaline kicked in, but in a cool, distant voice he warned “Twitch even so much as a finger and you’ll regret it.” The dark form relaxed, but shook slightly in fear. “Who are you and what do you want?”
In a slight gasp he heard “Cage, it’s only me.”
“Meeka?” He asked and brought an orb of white light to life and it bathed the room in luminescence. Meeka came fully into view beneath him wearing a nearly see-through white nightgown. His grip on her slender neck loosened and withdrew and his fist relaxed, but he didn’t remove himself from where he sat on her hips. For just a moment he saw only surprise in her eyes, but no fear as she looked upon him in the light. Her long blonde hair splayed over the floor and she looked breathtaking beneath him. A part of him saw her erect nipples beneath the thin fabric and it stirred his blood so much that he wanted to feel her and fill her completely, but the other part that dominated his longings said it would be a bad idea and quickly reinforced a wall before his manly desire could follow through with ravaging her. His lust had never came upon him so powerfully before and all anger he felt of being snuck upon vanished in that one blinding moment of seeing her overwhelming beauty. He cleared his throat and untangled himself to stand and take a few steps away. Cage kept the orb floating at eye level in the center of the room.
Meeka slowly sat up and rubbed her neck, watching him very carefully. She saw something in his eyes a moment ago that made her insides squirm in a pleasant way. She also noticed how uncertain he looked in the odd light, but his body language warned to not approach so she didn’t. She stood and took a few small steps back and watched as his tense form relaxed only slightly. Her throat felt uncomfortable from his grip, but knew he could have done so much worse.
Slowly, he asked “Meeka, that was very dangerous. Why can’t you take my warnings seriously? Do you understand how easily I could have killed you? What were you thinking sneaking in here and up on me?”
She removed her hands from her neck since the discomfort faded quickly and took a few breaths to regain what had been knocked out of her. “Forgive me, I didn’t knock. I was just worried since you slept through the whole day. I was just worried about you. I know I wasn’t to disturb you, but I cannot seem to help it. It is still so hard to believe you live. My fear of causing nothing but death to those close to me has plagued me all my life. Yet you’re here and I’m truly glad for it. Besides, I do believe your warnings, but I cannot see you killing me. I know if I came at you with ill intentions you shall defend yourself, but you must understand I’d never do that to you.” She saw him about to say something and quickly added “After all, you say you accepted my emotions. You must feel I’d never do you harm. You did say you accepted me. Did you also accept my feelings?”
Damn! He thought and didn’t try to reveal anything, but he could finally see she looked at him as he does to others and knew even the slightest hint, movement or body language could put her in a further advantage. “Meeka, you don’t understand. What I took in was so confusing. Imagine trying to feel your entire life’s emotions all in a moment. It was overwhelming, even in the most basic sense. I couldn’t feel one thing as thousands were equally strong and just as demanding. I cannot say with any proof you won’t harm me when I felt how powerfully you have anger, rage and jealously while also feeling how you love, care and have tenderness.”
What he never expected her to hear her say is “You say you are a rationalist?”
He jerked up straight. “I am.”
“Does that mean you need proof of some kind to believe anything?” He nodded and she smiled on a seductive way. “I trust you, Cage, but for once will you trust me?”
They stared at each other for several minutes, not saying or doing anything except breathing or blinking. The baseball sized orb still kept the room bright while the two squared off without relenting. Cage eventually saw her serenity and how she truly meant what she said so he nodded. She beamed as she won the battle of wills after the longest, heart pounding and worrisome wait she had ever had. “If you are to trust me I need you to sit on the edge of the bed and close your eyes.”
“No dice. My eyes stay open.” He amended and she saw she couldn’t press her luck from how his eyes became dangerous again.
She conceded on that compromise.
For the first time in what seemed forever Cage willingly submitted to someone. He sat down on the edge of the bed and stared across the small room at the woman gazing back with equal intensity. Meeka then began speaking softly to reassure she meant no harm. “Cage, I know you aren’t sorry for what you did to me a few minutes ago, but I am. I’m going to come closer so please don’t hit me or move a muscle.” Almost in an agonizing crawl she stepped closer, gauging his stoic reaction and found all that moved were his eyes. She finally came to a stop not a foot away with her ample bosom aching not a few eager inches away from his face. She put her heart on the line as she delicately put her hands on his clothed shoulders, but could feel the hard muscle tense beneath. Using him as a brace she bent her knees and carefully moved closer to wrap her legs around his waist and sit lightly on manly, powerful thighs. Meeka then wrapped her arms around his neck and laced her fingers in his thick brown hair. She smiled happily, but he didn’t show any emotion as his eyes nearly penetrated her very soul. “There. Now is this proof I’ll not harm you?”
In an emotionless tone he admitted “Not even close. I’ve read reports where female spies keep a needle in their hair or have a hidden blade somewhere on themselves so close to their skin it was impossible to see the blade unless they were pat down.”
“Go ahead and feel my hair while I remedy the other problem.” She took her hands from around his head.
Cage methodically rubbed her scalp without hesitation, knowing his new hands would prevent any puncturing. But as he worked he didn’t see what Meeka was doing as she pulled her arms through her dress and allowed it to fall around her waist. As he finished he noticed the two enormous and perfectly formed and perky breasts, but as she did so she said “I know they do not look appealing so you can turn off that ball of light if you prefer…”
“Meeka, this is getting out of…” He said and she put a finger over his lips.
“Cage, I need you to trust me and realize that if the whole world is out to kill you, I won’t. In our short time together I’ve come to have great feelings for you so let me prove my worth.” And she grabbed both of his wrists and gently placed them upon her breasts. She gasped as she felt his warmth seep through the soft flesh and let go of his wrists to feel a sense of accomplishment that he didn’t remove them right away.
He felt the wonderful sensation of a woman’s delicate flesh and sweet scent and his blood warmed anew. But as his concentration on her body claimed his attention the orb slowly dimmed until vanishing completely without meaning to. In the darkness his hands began to gain a mind of their own as they gently caressed and worked by feel alone. As he reached her erect and hard nipples she instinctively arched her back to offer more of herself, enjoying someone finally touching her in an intimate way. He felt male satisfaction as she openly did this and heard her moan softly as he felt her with a teasing touch that had her wanting more. When she couldn’t handle it any further he felt her arms reach up and encircle her hands around his head and drew him in close. In a moment he felt her soft lips carefully touched his and she felt the sensation again of bumps rising up all over and the odd awakening feeling of the curse’s activation, but again it didn’t focus into her lips as it always has. Again she tried kissing softly, but the surge never left her and she smiled as it actually felt exciting and made her every sensation come alive like never before. Knowing he is completely safe from the curse she pulled him closer and her mouth parted in invitation to which she felt his tongue excitedly enter her mouth and her tongue met his and her head swirled as she detected the sweetness as if tasting pure sugar. When his tongue retracted hers followed without hesitation and it deepened the kiss. His hands firmly grasped her hips and brought her closer to his waist which she appreciated immensely as her dress pulled up and her uncovered flower sat ready with only his pants keeping them from being one. Desire and the feel of another’s touch awoke their sexuality and both felt alive. Meeka had never been kissed like this before and it felt so beautiful and right, but she had to lean back to catch her breath as her chest felt hot. Though she couldn’t see him very much in the dark she could feel he felt just as excited as he this time drew her back in another passionate kiss that brought them together. She needed another breath and said in a voice that sounded musical even to herself “Take me.”
Cage heard her wish and twisted himself and her to lay her back on the bed. Meeka’s hands left his neck and went to her bunched dress that she masterfully removed as Cage leaned up to take off his shirt. Meeka felt for the first time in her life like a woman who could have the same things while Cage began barely kissing her neck while his hands rubbed her taut belly. She had never felt such pleasure or excitement in her life and she gasped in surprise as his large hands wound their way between her legs to her flower that beckoned for his ministrations and her hips bucked all on their own as he inserted a finger. She nearly cried out in pleasure and sadness for she feared she’d never have such wonderful feelings.
Then as Cage went to her breasts he heard her gasp, but not from pleasure, but from pain. He knew the difference well and his cloudy mind suddenly snapped clear. He suddenly jumped out of bed and said in a deep, husky voice “What the hell is wrong with me?”
Meeka suddenly realized he stopped and felt around to not feel him near. Fear gripped her as she asked the darkness “Cage, what’s wrong? Where are you?”
He shook his head, but his pounding heart drummed his hearing. “Meeka, I now believe you won’t hurt me, but I can’t be what you need. I… I’ve got to go.”
With that he silently rushed to the door and opened it. Meeka saw only a momentary flash as the door opened and closed abruptly. She sat up with a troubled and crestfallen expression, not understanding what had happened when things were going so well.
Cage rushed out of the house so stealthily that Cillian and Tiffa sitting at the table were reading papers together, but never heard or glanced up to see him depart.
Outside, he found that night had completely fallen and two new middle aged men of the home guard stood just at the edge of the torchlight with their backs to the flames. But Cage’s training made it so they didn’t even hear him circle around in the grass and slip into the darkness. In a part of his mind he felt glad to have such unique boots that took the place of his once more vulnerable feet, but after the binding he could feel every sensation as if he were truly barefooted and never had to worry about being cut. He could feel the cool grass and ground at his feet had and knew how to move properly so as to avoid making unnecessary noise to draw attention. He cut through the trees and made it to the road before making a dim red orb so he could run in the darkness without falling or running into something.
His stride’s lengthened as the slightly warm night air blew gently against him. Usually he would grin at the thought of a conquest and pleasing a woman, but he didn’t realize what he was doing till he made her gasp as his body forgot how her breasts were still sore from an earlier punishment. If it didn’t make her feel pain he knew he would fill her completely and lose himself in the moment. He couldn’t reprimand himself hard enough for what he did and was about to. His inner anger pushed him to run harder and before he knew it he saw the lights of Kote, but didn’t stop or even slow. But as he ran he realized how late it is and not one person seemed to see him or yell to stop and identify himself. Stupid, stupid, stupid! He chastised himself mentally. Why did I lose control like that? Isn’t it obvious, she’s perfect! Why do I always do that, go after the stunning women? I shouldn’t have did that. But I couldn’t help myself and she was so willing. No, I can’t think like this. She needs someone better! I cannot ruin her like what happened to me. She is too good for that! I just hope she isn’t too mad, but I’ve got to leave. If I don’t I might not be able to stop next time.

Cage didn’t stop even as his legs cramped until he reached the peaceful conclusion at the beautiful and serene lake that acted like a rippling mirror to the stars above. He stopped and bent over to gasp for breath as sweat drenched him completely. He felt extremely thirsty after walking off the overheated leg cramps and used magic to lift a bubble of water and clean it before placing his lips and half slurping and drinking the crisp water. He also found some cattails to eat to curb his hunger. He then waded into the water, knowing that adults wouldn’t let children swim in alligator or crocodile infested water so he didn’t worry about risk.
Crickets chirped and frogs croaked as he floated and looked up at the twinkling stars and large crescent moon above. The cool, relaxing water pulled the excess heat from his body and helped calm him. He felt much more relaxed and clear minded now that he was alone.
In the cool and serene waters he began to understand or at least try to about what happened and an idea began to form. His experience with her curse must have actually made him have feelings for her or at least to understand her predicament. He began to critically ask himself questions, but couldn’t deny what he did with her or that he could lie and say he didn’t like it. But he did know she had came closer to him than anyone in recent years. Meeka was beyond beautiful and every woman Cage knew couldn’t even compare. But he knew he couldn’t stay. He needed to know more of this world and couldn’t be tied down to one spot. He never liked spending an extended period of time in one location when there were things out there that he needed to discover for himself.
There came a soft white glow that didn’t register immediately as he stared skyward. But even as he floated and his ears were submerged beneath the surface Cage clearly heard “Pardon me, Lord Death?”
Startled, water abruptly exploded in every direction as he jerked his arms to upright himself and scan the area and a small cry of surprise again startled Cage as he looked upon an apparition standing on the surface of the water and didn’t make ripples. He quickly calmed himself, realizing why he didn’t sense anyone or any magic. The female ghost wasn’t exactly alive so he didn’t scold himself again for yet another foolish mistake.
As his heart began to slow he remembered only one other being who gave him the title of ‘Lord Death’. He smiled and asked “Did Ceembura tell you to call me that?”
“In a manner of speaking.” The woman replied kindly as he began to really take in her fair appearance as he swam. The woman was quite beautiful and rather regal for a ghost. She wore an elaborate dress that brushed her ankles and was so detailed he could clearly see embroidery. From his last experience with Ceembura he knew full well she wasn’t able to be physically touched. But in his close observation he saw perched on her shoulder what appeared to be a bird just as glowing as she.
“Well, ghost, isn’t it polite to introduce yourself when addressing someone you’ve never met?” He chuckled as he floated since he felt all his tension slipping away to be more comfortable.
She smiled while inclining her head and lifting her dress up just enough to curtsey. “Where are my manners. Being dead for so long makes you forget certain human courtesies. I truly beg your forgiveness, Lord Death. I am Eleia and was once classified as a second class witch.”
“Hello then Eleia, and you don’t always have to be formal. You can tell other ghosts…”
“Actually we prefer to be called spirits. Ghosts are horrible and cruel spirits that have lost their humanity or was broken by some other means.”
“Thanks for the heads up.” She blinked for a moment as she tried to understand, but then she seemed to get it and inclined her head. “It has been a while since I met a spirit. What brings you here?”
“In truth, you are the only one who can help me. I’ve tried contacting other mages, but you are the first who wasn’t busy enough and could see me. There is a situation I cannot allow to play out and we spirits cannot physically or directly intervene. We can give our requests and hope that it can be done. That is why I’m here, to beg if I must or even allow you to experiment on my very soul should you wish so long as you fulfill my request.”
“Alright, you lost me. Why would I want to experiment on your soul?”
Again she blinked rapidly. “Surely you are a mage of great power and have knowledge of what souls can be used for?”
“Looks like I really need to find a teacher then, but if you say I’m powerful I doubt I’ll take your soul for my own ends. I believe you’ve earned to rest without being bugged by me. Alright, I’ll listen to your request in exchange for two honest answers.”
“We are agreed then on your price?” He nodded while water droplets fell into his face. “Then I’ll gladly accept the terms. My request is this, several months ago I stumbled upon a plot to assassinate my beloved King Tate in his castle in Vin’re. The members in question will wait until a fortnight from now when the Summer Ball begins. There are three men involved in the plot and one will use a poisoned knife, but should the first assassin fail, the other two will use poisoned tipped crossbow bolts…”
“This isn’t one of my questions, but I do have to ask. If this King Tate is an actual king, shouldn’t he have guards or a mage that will be hired?”
“Very well, we can exempt that question since you are unfamiliar with him. Mine king will have guards there, but as for mages, his personal aid will be gone. Though he is a suspicious and calculating man, he won’t be expecting an assassination with so many witnesses or the three who conspire against him. Lord Death, he has always been a fair and kind king who will do anything for his people. He is a believer in justice and leniency, but if he falls, all of Vlara will crumble. Without him the land will fall into anarchy and be open to attack. Please, I cannot bare to have him die before his time or watch as the people I left behind start a fight and stop many deaths that can be prevented.”
“Well it sure sounds interesting. I’ll do it since I need to leave Kote anyway.” Her spirit’s form seemed to glow brighter with joy and relief. “Now for my payment. I must know for a certainty, but are their gods?”
The beautiful spirit grinned and laughed in her hand. “If you must know, the honest answer is no. There are strong magical beings which can seem godly and have amazing powers, but we spirits know for a fact that in the grand scheme there is no such thing as a god. Becoming a spirit is the final stage for all living beings. You no longer have any real power, but your existence can spread and learn so many things. And if you no longer wish to be a spirit you may give yourself over to the universe and become renewed as part of it. Most older spirits do not care anymore to form as I have because it is difficult, but also because there are other things which draw them away. Usually once everyone they cared for dies the spirit does as they want, but our greatest joy is learning, but before you ask, we are forbidden from reveling our knowledge in any way. This ensures that one person doesn’t ruin the natural order of the worlds.”
She went silent and he knew she finished speaking. Finally he had a nagging question that had been bothering him. “I’ve heard the words class to identify mages. Can you explain that?”
“Certainly. In all, there are seven classes. The lowest of all mages are the magicians who were given powers by an actual mage.” Kind of like Meeka. Cage thought to the side. “Magicians are very limited in talents and can usually only do one specific spell and aren’t of much concern. Then going up one section are classes of the first, second and third for Wizards if they are men and Witches, like myself, who are all female. The first class witch or wizard is the strongest and have weaker mana, compared to the classes I’ll tell you in a moment… so to do more powerful spells and counteract the weakness, we gather power from the life around us. Then the higher class of mage is the first, second and third class sorcerer or sorceress. These mages have quick regenerative inner power and have much more at their disposal. For instance it would take three first class wizards to even match the power of a third class sorcerer. But there is a large gap between a second class sorcerer and a first for it would take nearly ten to match the one. To put it in a living description easy to understand… a magician is to an ant what a sorcerer is to a human.”
“But many ants leave some nasty bites.”
“Quite true.”
“So what would I be classified?” He wondered.
She smirked and held up one finger that wisped like smoke for a moment before it reformed. “Uh-uh. I’ve upheld my end and answered two questions.”
Cage laughed aloud. “You got me. Alright, I’ve got my payment and now I’ll fulfill my end. Go back to what you like to do as a spirit, Eleia, I’ll take care of the rest.” She glowed brighter as she smiled and the little spirit bird flapped it wings like it was also somehow pleased. “Oh wait! A fortnight is two weeks right, fourteen days?”
Eleia nodded slowly and began to disappear, but not before saying “Thank you Lord Death.”
“You’re welcome.” But she had completely vanished before she could hear.
Cage leaned back to float for a few more minutes to file away all that had been exchanged and any hints, but he did think: She said I’m a mage of great power. She wouldn’t lie would she? If she meant that and whatever she said about mana or inner power might infer I’m a sorcerer of some kind. I’ll have to find someone who knows more…
Several minutes later his introspective assessment ended as he knew he didn’t have time to dawdle if he has less than fourteen days to reach Vin’re, find a way into the castle, find this King Tate, correctly locate the assassins and stop it from happening on such an important day that will most likely be heavily guarded. “Sounds like fun.” Cage grinned. “And just when I needed to have to leave this place.” He then began to swim to shore.
Soaking wet, he began to run easily on the road back. After the relaxing swim he felt much better and had an assignment to focus on. He made another red light and continued on since the canopy blocked much of the star and moonlight, making traveling dangerous. The casual jog did wonders and he came upon Kote just as the first rays of dawn arrived and many of the insect sounds made way for chirping birds. The day was new and all things seemed better. He stopped the magic as he jogged through the center of town, getting openmouthed stares from the early birds.
Several people whispered “Is that him?”
As he neared the center of town someone yelled with uncertainty “Cage?!”
“Yeah?” He stopped to see someone he hadn’t met. The man came closer, but backed away when he saw Cage’s fist ball up in warning. “Is there something you want? I’m kind of in a hurry.”
“Oh, um… is it really true you kissed Meeka?”
“I did, now tell the town to grow up and quit gossiping for it isn’t healthy or kind to speak behind someone’s back.” Cage then took off, startling the man who wasn’t expecting such a reaction. Nevertheless, others saw the exchange and came up to the man to hear what had been said and he delivered the message, but only received dirty looks.

It nearly another hour before Cage arrived on Cillian’s property. But he didn’t expect for Cillian, Tiffa and Meeka to be sitting outside with the two swordsman from last night in chairs and talking in a merry conversation. Meeka saw him first walking down the small dirt road to the house. Her pointing gained the other’s attention and all watched as he came in to say “Looks like we’ll be parting company soon.”
Meeka felt a cold splash of fear at hearing this when as he approached, she only felt what he did in then night and wanted more. “What do you mean?”
“I’ve just got some business in Vin’re that came up. Time is a factor so I’ll be heading out just as soon as I can.” Cage admitted and looked to Cillian and Tiffa. “I hate to ask this since you’ve already done so much for me, but this is my only pair of pants, but is it alright if I can have just enough money to hurry back into town and get another set of clothes.”
Tiffa stood as she saw the shock on her daughter’s face and knew the look as her mind raced for a way to be with him. “That isn’t a problem. Stay out here for a moment. Cillian, Meeka come with me.”
“Alright.” Cage stated and the five watched as he dropped backwards to land in the grass and stare at the morning sky.
Cillian chuckled and said “Interesting way to wait.” as he followed the girls in.
Tiffa simply looked over her shoulder and Cillian understood and left the room. “Meeka, go up stairs and retrieve Cage’s traveling pack.” She didn’t answer, but Tiffa saw her following Cillian up the steps. Tiffa went into the kitchen and used a simple cloth to hold food that could be eaten cold or hot and only added non-meat meals for Cage’s odd dietary preference. Some could last several days before spoiling.
By the time she made the cloth’s ends come together and be tied she reentered to find Meeka standing there with his simple pack in her hands, looking longingly at the closed door. Tiffa put the food on the table and said “Meeka, what is it you want?”
Meeka’s eyes widened as she looked to her mother. Before she truly thought the question through she glanced back at the door, unable to say anything, but Tiffa didn’t miss the movement. She stood tall and crossed her arms beneath her breasts. “We’ll you’re certainly not going to find him here for much longer.”
“What!?”
“Look, I don’t know what went on with you last night except you were overly excited about something, but I do know about longing for another. Take my motherly advice, if you want him you need to take him and prove to yourself that you can find happiness and share it equally. You sure won’t find love here.”
“But…”
“But nothing.” Cillian deeply said as he came in from behind. “Tiffa’s right. Your mother and I found each other, but we fought like Rhody did when a stranger came over as we tried to show what we could do together. Half the time we fought and the other we laughed so hard we cried. I came from a high standing family who excelled at politics and my time being a soldier while your mother came from a family of respected healers. Let me tell you, our trades couldn’t be more different, but that is what made it exciting. We were both trying to outdo each other, but eventually we found happiness.”
“The sex wasn’t bad either.” Tiffa added with a smirk.
Cillian roared while Meeka could do nothing but stare at what her mother said.
After he calmed Cillian turned his daughter around, placed both hands on her shoulders and looked her in the eye. “Answer me this one question. Will you miss him if he leaves like you did when Nolan left?”
“I’d miss him more. I cannot explain it, but I’m drawn to him. I’m not sure if it is because he’s still alive or if I really fancy him?”
“Sometimes love can’t be answered, no matter how hard you think. Now as a father I’m quite picky about who has their eyes on you, but as a friend I can see there is a strange bond you have made with him. I can see a very subtle change in his eyes that I cannot describe, but it happened after you two came back. If you want to stay here with your old man I’ll be more than happy, but if you want to go with him I’ll understand. The choice is yours alone to make.”
Life seemed to rekindle in her sapphire blue eyes and both her attentive parents saw the change and knew what the verdict is as she said it anyway. “I want to go.” She saw her parents exchange looks and small smiles to exclaim “Wait. You knew something like this might happen?”
“We did.” Cillian stated. “And we prepared for just this reason.” He then picked up a smaller bag than Cage’s, but of a similar make. He pulled out a ten inch long, rectangular wooden box while saying “This is your new pack and is filled with medical herbs you know all about from your mother’s teachings and will be good for about a week, if anything unexpected happens. I’ve seen Cage’s pack and know he has practically everything a traveler needs except this. This is a present for you to carry. I’ll only let you go if you take it with you for protection.”
Meeka took the box and felt it a bit heavier than expected and opened it to find an eight inch knife just like her father’s, but new and didn’t have any scratches on its polished surface. Only one side was edged and came to a sharp point, but it was slightly more slender and more fit for a woman’s use. “A knife?”
“Yes, a knife. The world is crueler than you currently know and someone might see you as easy prey. Cage seems to know this very well. Use this to keep other’s away. You know how to effectively use a blade against a body. I know you abhor taking lives, but it will be a good deterrent if not a weapon that just might save your life as mine has done for me. Will you promise to use it if necessary?”
“I will, Father.” She said emotionally, placed the knife box down and wrapped her arms around his chest while crying silently. He embraced her back sadly and proudly. Tiffa was next and after a few shed tears she admonished “Now pull yourself together and dry your tears. Hurry and put on a pair of good boots and get ready for you’ll need to ask him too.” Meeka smiled timidly and hurried upstairs, clutching the handle of the knife that she realized had been made just for her. She put the boots on and found them to be new also. She realized her father changed out her usual ones because this had a leather sheathe on the right boot just for the knife she held. It fit like a glove and she hid it with her dress before heading downstairs. Once she stopped she found Cage’s pack filled with the food her mother prepared and her pack nearly bursting with herbs and clothes. In Cillian’s hands he held two money purses. He gave one to Meeka and she sucked in a breath at what she found within. Cillian smiled with glee saying “Traveling money and a little extra for emergencies.” She smiled back and hugged him again. “We’ve made Cage wait long enough… and don’t back down if he becomes defensive.”
Meeka shouldered her pack and followed her father and mother out.
Cage heard the front door finally open and raised an eyebrow as he immediately saw Meeka with a pack hanging over her shoulder. Cillian simply tossed his pack and a small ball sized pouch of leather he took from the man he made a bounty on, but wasn’t expecting the weight it contained. He tossed the money purse up a down a few time to say “This is a bit more than I need for clothes.”
“It’s a gift and also a bribe if you want to be technical.” Cillian chuckled.
“Oh? And what is that supposed to mean?”
Meeka came closer to say “Cage, would it be alright if I come with you?”
He stepped back in surprise like the two swordsmen who kept an eye on him. Totally unexpected. “Um, that won’t be a good idea.”
“My parents and I seem to think otherwise.” She said with more confidence than her fragile heart currently felt.
“You’re ok with this?” He asked the two parents.
Tiffa nodded while saying “It is her decision.”
“No, Meeka, you will only get in the way.”
“Oh really?” She said with a hand on her hip, a classic and universal warning to men who said something really, really stupid. “I thought a rationalist would find the idea of a guide quite ideal since you aren’t particularly from around here. You’ve never been to Vin’re. Well I have. You don’t have my experiences or knowledge of the area quite like me. I’m going to follow you whether you like it or not because I might know something that can keep you out of trouble or even save your life. Well Mr. Rationalist, have I made a point or do you need more proof?”
Cillian couldn’t hold back a chuckle. “Cage, you looked like she kicked you right where every man dreads.”
Cage swallowed thickly, but knew he had already lost the moment her hands met her hip. “Meeka, it will be dangerous.”
“It doesn’t matter. I’m considered a mage too if you haven’t forgotten. I know how to take care of myself.” By the look in her calm blue eyes he could see a solemn plea, but also strength that she wasn’t lying about knowing what she knew.
“Fine!” He yelled. “You’re right. I’m clueless about the way things work here. If you’re coming with me you’ll need your horse for you can’t run like me. You’ll also need a new outfit.”
Her satisfactory grin faltered as she looked at herself. “What is wrong with what I’m wearing?” Her furrowed brow is so comical. He thought absently.
“Wearing a dress is disadvantageous when speed is a factor. Besides, wearing pants are easier when riding a horse I hear. Trust me, you’ll thank me later when you don’t have to worry about the excess material a dress has in comparison to fitted pants. If you have similar clothes in your pack I suggest you take them out now before we head to town. Go ahead and change while you’re at it.”
“But all I have are dresses… I cannot change.”
“Then wear what you have now and exchange it when we reach Millie’s in town.”
She looked back at her calm and patient parents before saying “Alright.”
Meeka opened her new pack and pulled out the tightly bundled three simple dresses and handed them over to her mother. She then closed it, hugged each of them and walked over to the barn with tears spilling down her cheeks to go saddle her horse.
While Meeka moved to saddle her paint horse Cage knelt in the grass and took everything out of his pack and spread it out to find he had proper traveling rations, metal cook wear, a water container and rope. He grimaced at giving away the knife back in Miot, but it was well used and served a purpose. He also looked at the food Tiffa obviously made. While he did a quick inventory and put on the shirt he took off last night as Cillian approached and said “Cage, may I ask two things of you?”
He smirked, remembering he said something similar to the spirit of Eleia. “What is on your mind?”
“First, I’d like to apologize for springing this on you, but she will be a good guide for you. On that you have my word. But my first request, is that in your journeys and wherever they might take you, will you please keep an eye out for this crest?” Cillian carefully pulled out his knife and showed Cage the pommel. He noticed an engraving of a shield with three dots and thin lines making a triangle within that shield’s crest. “This is my family crest and my children are the last of my family line. My son Nolan will have a knife just like this and a pendant on a necklace, but if he doesn’t he’ll wear the crest on his clothes, a sword or a shield. Last we heard over a year ago he was in the Emrocan military. If you find him, will you tell him we send our love.”
“Sure, what does he look like?”
“He had short blonde hair the same color as Meeka, but looks the very image of me in my youth. He is twenty five now and has a voice quite like mine. He won’t be hard to miss.” Cage nodded and waited. He knew all about how a parent worried while their child, or adoptive child, feared when in another land and facing the danger of being in the military. He also knew this world’s military structure must be like those in the medieval eras. Swords, bows and arrows will be a likely assessment compared to guns, bombs and missiles. Cillian broke Cage’s train of thought by asking in all seriousness “Lastly, I need your word you’ll not allow Meeka to come to harm and bring her back home one day.”
“That I can’t promise.” Cage sighed and gathered all the item to store away. “Things and accidents happen, Cillian. She is taking a risk just as much as I am. A promise like what you are asking is selfish and childish. She could die by a snakebite or something else that I cannot control, but I can promise that I’ll keep an eye on her and do whatever I can to make sure the unfortunate doesn’t happen. And if the worst does come to pass and I cannot save her I’ll make sure she doesn’t suffer. I couldn’t ask anyone to do anything more for myself.”
Cillian gave him a hard look, but knew everything he said is a worldly truth. He didn’t want to even think of the worst situations that could befall his daughter, but he knew he wouldn’t want to suffer if the end is inevitable either and such open honesty made him feel a bit more respect for the tall man. “You’re right, it is childish, but I still needed some reassurance. And I cannot disagree with your logic. Just take care of her.”
“She said she can take care of herself.” Tiffa reminded and a tense laugh resulted.
Cage strung the money to his belt and shouldered the pack as everyone heard the sound of an approaching horse. Meeka sat tall and looked down at the others and smiled. “All set?”
“Come on. Tiffa, Cillian we’ll see you in a little while before heading out.” Cage said and jogged away. Meeka looked down at the others to smile. “Be back soon.” And she tapped her horse’s ribs to trot off after him.

On the return to Kote’s heart, both of them didn’t say a word, but their eyes naturally began to drift in the other’s direction. Neither could forget what happened hours ago in the night. Cage took up a sustainable run that could last all day and the horse easily kept pace. Meeka knew she’d already be exhausted and out of breath.
The town bustled with activity and when the people spotted them all eyes turned in their immediate direction. More whispers were exchanged, but it didn’t bother either of them at all. Meeka could sense his hurry and didn’t bother him with unnecessary questions for the time being. She looked over her shoulder to see the townspeople following behind with curiosity.
Meeka dismounted and tied the lead straps to a pole outside the clothing store. She untied her new pack from the saddle and watched as he opened the door for her as if it meant nothing, but he was the first to do so outside her father or brother. They entered, nearly making the two women inside faint in utter surprise. Warily the older woman Mille came out from behind a desk to ask “Can I help you with something?”
All the women saw his handsome smile diffuse the situation. “Actually I need another set of clothes and Meeka needs proper travel ware like pants, shirts, a belt, you know what she’ll need.”
“Few women wear pants, even to travel.” She commented.
“Nevertheless, she needs proper clothes that won’t get in the way.”
“Yes, sir. Meeka, follow me and I’ll bring you to our selection that will fit your size. Mr. Cage, do you need help finding your area?”
“Not at all. Happy shopping.” And he moved off to the corner of the room while Meeka and the woman moved to a different section and began selecting suitable attire.
The women gathered a selection while Cage went to the other woman behind the table who watched their every move curiously. She said “One shirt and pants will cost two copper.” Cage went to his hip and gently opened the mouth to retrieve two copper coins. He noticed a small seating area and went over to wait. He stored his new set of brown clothes. While waiting, he secretly looked into the pouch at his side and raised an eyebrow to see a small fortune contained within. He counted ten silver, thirty copper, and finally saw three gold coins that were smaller in diameter to the other coins, but had the same thickness. He pulled the string tight so what Cillian offered wouldn’t be lost or taken easily.
Meeka was taken to a small room with just enough space to try on the clothes. Only three pairs fit out of eleven sets. She also wore a simple leather belt to hold her pants on her hips and tied her money purse to it. She took her dress off and kept it folded under her arm as she donned traveling clothes that felt strange since she was used to wearing only a dress. Meeka came out and returned what she couldn’t wear to the woman who waited outside. She noted Meeka still wore one of the sets of clothes and put the other clothes back.
Meeka walked up to the counter and Cage saw the movement and found it hard to not stare. Meeka in a dress was quaint and pretty, but she wore pants that perfectly gripped her every curve and a short sleeved shirt really made her already impressive bosom stand more pronounced. They were completely clothed of course, but wow did they look magnificent. Cage hadn’t noticed the first bra, but it didn’t looked to be needed because it seemed women’s clothing, either made in a dress or woman’s shirt, had been specifically designed to uphold and support breasts. It was almost like all women’s clothing had a built in bra to prevent sagging and improve overall fullness. Her pants gripped her backside to show an almost athletic heart-shaped butt women workout for a long time to achieve. Her hips flared and showed them to be well sought after and known as birthing hips. Cage felt a want to go up and grab them. Though she wore light brown colors, he could effortlessly see she had a perfect bust, waist and hip ratio all women want and men crave. To make her stand out even more her long blonde hair draped down past her shoulder blades and over shoulders to frame a stunningly beautiful face. The only thing that distracted his overeager viewing pleasure is the hilt of a knife sticking out from her boot.
Cage stood and approached with a bit more caution since she never wore a knife before as she placed the clothes on the table. The woman behind the desk looked her over and said “Three sets of clothes and a belt come to three copper.”
Meeka dug at the bag in her side and retrieved the amount asked and held her hand over the table but blinked in surprise as Millie held out her hand with a smile. Confused, she slowly and hesitantly placed the amount right in her hands and watched as Mille struggled to suppress a shiver as Meeka’s fingertips momentarily brushed hers. The woman forced a smile that didn’t reach her eyes saying “Thank you for shopping with us, Meeka.”
“Don’t you look good in anything you wear.” Cage commented to relieve the tension again.
Meeka turned and beamed up into his true smile that did reach his eyes. “That is very kind of you, but they feel so confining.” She said and smirked as she pulled at her shirt and saw an appreciative glance from him as he couldn’t not look.
“Where I’m from women spend years and a lot of money to look half as good in clothes that fit you perfectly.”
“Truly?”
“On that I can’t even begin to lie about.”
“Good, then I’m satisfied. So what next, Cage?”
They began walking to the door. “We’ll need to get you a water container of your own.”
“Sounds good.”
They simply went to the next shop and Jom quickly supplied one. As they exited Cage’s stomach rumbled. “Before we go I think we should get something to eat. Do you know a place that might fill my stomach?” Meeka remembered his aversion to meat and one place came to mind. “Sure. At the tavern they make a vegetable stew almost as good as my mother’s.”
Meeka remounted and led the way northerly for a few minutes and led him to a tavern smelling of conflicting scents. It was a smell of stale beer and a mouthwatering aroma. The door stood wide open as they came inside and someone said “Welcome!” But the joyful greeting changed to shock and all patrons within stopped and turned to gawk at the two standing in the door way.
Meeka didn’t seem to care as she pointed to an open window with a table right beside it. “Cage, does that look like a good place to sit?”
“Fine by me.” She then led the way and they sat down across from each other. In a strange way they liked unsettling people. She turned around to look at the bartender. “Two large bowls of your famous vegetable stew, Big Tim. Oh and water and biscuits if you don’t mind.”
Big Tim jerked his head for the young serving girl to see to it and in less than three minutes she came out with a loaded tray with steaming stew in a metal bowl. She cautiously walked through the silence and placed the order down. “Talk about service!” Cage chuckled. “I expected to wait longer. Big Tim, you sure run a well oiled business.” He complimented and the large bartender seemed delighted as a grin spread proudly. “Thank you for such kind words.”
“Catch!” Cage yelled and flicked a silver across the room and the man was startled and nearly dropped the coin, but Cage extended his hand and focused on the coin. Magic flowed more easily and the coin hovered in the air about a foot from the man’s face. Cage said “Take it. It won’t bite.”
Meeka hid a chuckle.
Big Tim frightfully grabbed the coin and Cage stopped sending magic. The man’s eyes widened as he said “A silver, sir? That meal is worth only three copper at most.”
“It is a tip for unsettling your dear patrons in here. Also split the difference with your help and continue to serve as quickly as this meal. By the way, it smells great.”
“Thank you kindly.” He said and put the valuable coin away.
People began talking again.
Meeka took a bite of the stew and made a satisfied ‘mmm’ sound as the meal hit the palate. She also bit into a large biscuit. Then she tasted the water and grimaced. “Um, Cage,” She pointed to the glass. “I’ve become addicted to your water trick, do you mind?” He smiled and opened a napkin to collect the nasty particles. She took another sip and smiled happily.
He began to eat too and the helpings were large. Meeka couldn’t finish her bowl but Cage didn’t even hesitate to finish it off. While he ate she whispered “Why did you pay so much for a meal?”
“Take a look around, but not noticeably.” That she did and the dozen men and half as many women talked openly and didn’t stare so dauntingly at them.
“I don’t understand.”
“Everyone fears us and especially me since I’m unknown. Most looked at me with doubt, especially about this magic business. I needed to show we meant no harm so I devised a way to show I can do magic and alleviate their fear. By overpaying I showed them I enjoy things like they do while also not trying to bully them as you said mages are feared. I also made Big Tim like the way I acted to him while also giving him more business since others will hear about this conversation and come in wondering. It is common human behavior to seek out the interesting and if we come back he’ll be more open to us since we’ll make him more money.”
“Are you sure that will happen?”
“Look out the window.”
She did and saw one of the patrons who had left went right up to a group of people and began talking animatedly. Five of them seemed very interested and came towards the tavern, stepped inside and walked right up to the bar after seeing the two sitting down. “Worked faster than I thought.” Cage grinned mischievously and Meeka laughed lightly, causing a few eyes to turn to their table.
After the meal ended they leaned back and looked at each other, but one of the men near suddenly had the courage to holler “Hey Meeka, is it true that mage kissed you?”
The tavern silenced immediately and felt eager. She looked at Cage who nodded for her to say what is on her mind. “He did actually.”
Someone also asked, but couldn’t be located “Did he take your curse away?”
“No, but he isn’t affected anymore.”
“Prove it!” a feminine voice cackled
“Meeka, kiss my cheek.” Cage said casually, but the people gasped at how calmly he said it. He leaned forward and she happily obliged. With a wet, loud pucker people either leaned away in fear or forward eagerly. She planted an open display kiss against his cheek for all to witness.
Feeling a little childish, Cage jumped backwards, flat as a board and nearly broke the chair he sat in. People screamed, but none more so than Meeka. He then began to thrash on the ground like a fish for more show.
Cage suddenly jumped back up in a standing position grinning. “Gotcha!” He then doubled over as he saw everyone’s faces and couldn’t stop laughing.
“Don’t do that to me you idiot!” Meeka smacked his arm, but couldn’t help laughing just as hard.
He moved out of the way and grabbed a patron who stood in a state of shock in and in a childish voice said “Don’t hurt me! Don’t hurt me!”
The tavern’s held breath burst into laughter after Big Tim yelled “Good one, Mage! You almost made me wet myself.” Cage stood tall and grinned like a gleeful child, starting another wave of open laughs that the whole town heard.
Wiping a tear from his eye he said “I couldn’t help myself, Meeka, they were too easy to play with.” A few slapped Cage on the back and Meeka got a few pats. “We’ve spent long enough here. Let’s go.”
She shook her head, but retrieved her pack. Laughing followed them out, but she slapped his arm when his attention was diverted. “You scared me to death. But I haven’t laughed that hard in years. I don’t think anyone has either.”
“Glad to help. Now mount up.”

After an hour’s easy walk Cage and Meeka saw five individuals. Ren had joined the other to swordsmen with her parents. Meeka returned her folded dress to Tiffa and a long hug lasted for several minutes since Meeka would be traveling with someone other than family. Cillian held her just as long and Ren told them both to be safe and come back someday soon. Meeka mounted before making Cage’s patience thin anymore. With loving farewells they waved.
Cage began another fast, but sustainable run with Meeka’s horse keeping pace all day. They stopped only when necessary and saw nothing but clear blue skies that didn’t even have the decency to say it might rain to cool the warm air. At least it isn’t like Florida. Cage thought. If it were, the humidity would be unbearable. I like to drink water, not breathe it.
Meeka worried how they were going to handle the night as she felt sore from riding all day. But as they came to a circular mess in the road Cage stopped and asked “Is this where I…?”
“Kissed me?” She enjoyed saying. “I believe it is. I’m surprised how far we’ve come.”
“Me too actually. If I remember, there is a stream a mile ahead. Let’s get there and make camp.”
They traveled on and found the calm and almost hidden stream. No one traveled on the road as the sun began to set. There he said “Meeka, go stretch your legs and collect us some firewood. I’ll tend to your horse.”
“Much appreciated.” She said and felt everything that ached, but as she walked she felt much better. Sticks were plentiful and she easily picked them up and returned to see Cage laying bare chest against the ground and looked as if he just bathed. He had his black shirt hanging over a tree limb and it dripped constantly to further realize that he did more than unsaddle her horse, let it drink its fill and strapped a rope around its neck to allow it to roam and graze nearby. She got closer and said “How was the bath.”
“Chilly.” He grinned and sat up as she placed the bundle of sticks near him.
She smiled as an idea came to place. She stood and began stripping before him while walking to the stream. She glanced for a single moment and found him staring appreciatively before getting caught. She went up to the tree that held his shirt and took everything off. She stuck a toe in the water to find it quite cold, but pleasant on her hot and sweaty body. She waded to the deepest part that reached only her waistline. She dipped herself and the water took her breath away.
As she got used to the water she watched as Cage held a hand over the stick bundle and noticed how his eyes faintly narrow a moment before a small flame appeared in his hand and he placed it in the bundle for it to catch quickly. She slipped to the bank to grab her shirt and pants to wash the sweat out. It didn’t take long. Exiting the water she saw Cage staring at her in a peculiar way, but not in the hungry way she enjoys. She slapped out much of the water before putting her pants and shirt back on. Meeka came closer to ask “Is something wrong? You were staring at me like some specimen.”
“I don’t mean to be rude, but do you shave or wax?”
She came closer to the fire and felt grateful for the warmth as she felt a growing chill sapping her heat from the wet clothes. “Do I what?”
“I just noticed your legs, groin or underarms don’t have the usual marks that associate with hair removal.”
Her brow came together. “Women on your world have hair on their body?”
He blinked. “Most wish they didn’t and need to shave like a man does to his face. Are you saying you don’t shave?”
She shook her head. Then her eyes widened. “Oh, wait! My late grandmother told me something along those words before she died when I was six or so. She told me… oh what was it… That was it. It was a very long time ago, at least fifteen to twenty generations from what I remember. Women from all lands were asked if they would rather not have the excess hair. Since it wasn’t necessary or able to keep us warm. All the women truly found hair below their neck unsightly. They felt more womanly without and men found such hairlessness more attractive. So one day a great number of mages got together and formed a spell to make all women and men hairless below their neck. It was said that ten to thirteen months after the spell was implemented that there was the greatest amount of babies born as a result. Why do you ask? I’ve see you hairless below your neckline.”
“That is because when I was tested for my abilities they did a genetic test and found I’m just highly evolved. There were many number of cases of no hair, but the majority of my world has bodily hair.”
“Ok, but what is this waxing you speak of?” He told her and she balanced. “Sounds painful.”
“Such is the price of beauty.”
“Let me ask you this. Do you find my hairlessness attractive?”
“Very much so. It makes many ideas come to mind.”
“How so? And can you show me?”
He looked from her eyes to the fire and sighed. “Look, I’m sorry for what I did last night…”
“Why? I’ve never been so happy. For once in my life I felt something good. If any is at fault it would be me wouldn’t it? Besides I was the one who had you trust me. I don’t remember what happened, but I wanted more from you. I wanted to feel you, all of you. Tell me what I did wrong.”
“Wrong? You did everything right. I shouldn’t have did that, but I don’t know how my other brain took over…”
“Other brain? Men only have one as far as I know.”
He laughed softly and met her deep blue eyes. “Sometimes my staff thinks for me and nearly got me in trouble.” She smiled wistfully. “But I must say, I do now and unconditionally believe you won’t be a threat.”
“I’d like to try again if you don’t mind.” She said, putting a hand on his thigh.
“I do mind. Meeka, you are the most amazing woman I’ve ever seen or had the pleasure to know, but I would bring you harm in more ways than one.”
Meeka saw his expression sour and knew she pushed far enough. She retracted her hand and nodded that she understood. To change the topic they took out Tiffa’s care package and ate lightly. She asked “How do you think they made us hairless?”
“You’ve got me there. I don’t know how such a thing is possible, but for people to be hairless generations later they might have done something on a genetic level. Mages must have a lot of knowledge on manipulating or altering genetic traits to be passed down from mother to child while also allowing humans to keep the hair on the person’s head from vanishing too. Such magic is beyond me.”

After a few minute of lingering silence Cage watched as Meeka’s excitement turned to deep thought about those she left behind. He saw her worry and regained her attention as he dug in his pack to pull out the ocarina. “Why don’t you sing something and I’ll add my music to it.”
“Sound’s splendid.”
Meeka began to sing more beautiful than any songstress he had ever heard. Her song was easy to pace and he began blowing into the instrument, entwining his music perfectly into her song. Her depression and inner turmoil began to dissipate as the first song became three. She smiled as she met Cage’s closed eyes as he seemed to be more into the song. She decided he was a proper partner to her singing and the ocarina made the songs much more beautiful. It seemed the world around them quieted to listen in on the melody. Even her horse watched attentively while forgetting to graze.
After ending the last song on a high note, she felt much better and thanked him for what he gave her.
“It’s time to get some rest, Meeka.” He said as he laid down and placed his hands behind his head to stare at the canopy and the few stars twinkling between the leaves. The fire kept any chill at bay.
Taking another chance, Meeka crawled close and put her head on Cage’s chest. Through her ear she heard his pulse quicken and felt the vibration of his deep voice. “What are you doing, Meeka?”
She turned her head up and quietly asked “Is this alright? If I can’t have you now, can I at least have this? I promise I won’t push it any further tonight. I just need to hold you.”
“You can do that so long as you promise.” He said, but he felt the pull again as she pressed herself against him. She didn’t move as promised, but he felt her breasts teasing him to take action. She settled and the longer she cuddled the easier it became to resist. After he felt her shiver he draped an arm around her back and over her stomach. She only moved to hold her hand over his with a loving smile before falling asleep happily to get at least some comfort in his touch again.





Chapter 11

Not since the effect of Meeka’s first kiss has Cage slept so heavily that his senses were so dulled that he wouldn’t wake right away if there were a disturbance. Years of dedication and training made him a light sleeper and only the most subtle irregularity truly gains his attention to wake him. Such as the case when he heard the steps of a horse’s clopping approaching. His eyes opened and with a few gentle kicks he snuffed what remained of last night’s fire. The combination of darkness and the natural barrier of foliage meant they were well hidden from the road.
The darkness of night wouldn’t last for more than an hour, but the amount of sleep was adequate enough to remain fully awake. He never could roll over and return to a sleeping state unless something happened that really upset his system. But as his eyes adjusted he felt much more relaxed than he has in many years. He looked to his left and found Meeka hadn’t shifted position since he fell asleep. She had her back flush against his side, used his upper arm as a pillow, but clutched his forearm between her breasts like a young child would a stuffed animal. His movement to kill the fire hadn’t roused her. But he couldn’t seem to look away from her sleeping form as they shared warmth on the thick and soft grass. He felt calmer as she slept soundly in a cuddling position. He didn’t understand what was happening to him in regards to this inexplicable attraction, but as he watched her content arrangement he realized that he liked it. Such a realization was new for he liked women and the pleasures and sensations they bring, but there is something different about Meeka. Things feel better and not as isolating.
The problem is, his experiences and hurts that resulted from shallow women who cannot see past his physical attributes made making a connection with someone as gentle as Meeka nearly impossible. This problem kept his mind clear and focused from emotion’s problematic sway. Cage’s feelings and draw to Meeka was finally reaching a state of being controllable as his former experiences began to win the battle over his mind, but only barely.
Nighttime sounds began to change as nocturnal animals went to sleep and diurnal claimed their time in the world.
Cage shifted his arm while saying “It is time to wake up, Meeka.”
Hearing his voice startled her and she jerked upright until her mind remembered the new circumstances she found herself in. Her blue eyes shifted as she heard a chuckle. She looked to find Cage laying back with one arm behind his head and his other arm flexing to reestablish blood flow and reduce the tingling. For a moment her thoughts had never seen him look so amazing. When her mind began working she yawned “What is funny?”
He sat up and created a magical mirror. He pointed and Meeka turned to look ahead and let out a cry of surprise. It took a moment to recover and settle her racing heart. It made Cage laugh more. She recovered saying “That wasn’t funny. Scared me half to death.” Meeka then looked back at the hanging image to see an image of herself and couldn’t hold back a mortified gasp. Her hair was a mess with twigs and grass. Dry drool coated her left cheek and a smear of dirt coated her nose. She got up quickly, not wanting Cage to look at her, but before she could she felt long arms wrap around her.
“Don’t feel bad. I actually find it adorable. It means you slept well in a situation you’re unaccustomed to.”
Feeling him hold her made her heart race. He pulled her against his chest and she relaxed as his hint of manly smell made her feel less anxious. He held her for only a moment, but he stood up and brought her with him. “Go ahead and do what you were going to. We need to eat and I need to learn something?”
“Like what?”
“You’ll see… later.”
Cage smacked her firm backside, causing her to squeak and hurry over to the stream with her pack. She glanced over her shoulder when she heard a grunt to find Cage doing an odd exercise. Somewhere he found a thick old branch, placed it across his shoulders and jumped up, landed deeply so his butt touched his heels and jumped again. She asked “What are you doing?”
“My version of squats. It warms my legs up before I really put them to use.” And he jumped a foot in the air before doing another deep squat.
Meeka used the water to wipe her face clean and wash away any remaining sleep. She then took out a hairbrush and began the painfully tugging out the knots and debris that accumulated in the night. She actually still felt a bit sore from yesterday, but also very relaxed to sleep beside another living person and liked it almost as much as her growing feelings and the amazing night the day before.
By the time she finished cleaning up and putting on her boots she turned around to find him with his feet outstretched and together while his arms rippled to throw himself up in the air. He clapped three times, landed on his hands, bent and pushed himself to do another series of claps. “And now?”
“Push-ups.” He grunted and did another sixty more before working up a nice sheen of sweat.
Feeling much better he stood and looked her up and down critically. “By the way you move, Meeka, can I assume you’ve never used that knife in your boot?”
She looked down in embarrassment. “I know how to use it.”
“In combat?”
“Theoretically.”
“Have you ever tried to fight with one?” She shook her head. “I made a decision last night that if you are going to accompany me you’ll need certain skills in the event we become separated. You said you can take care of yourself, but I can see it was merely a show to ease your parents worry. If the unfortunate happens and we get surrounded I need to know how many you can safely defend yourself from. If there is more than one you cannot rely on your kiss. You pass out and will be an easy target for someone else. I can fight over fifty men before tiring somewhat, but if someone gets around me while I’m engaged I’d prefer to not worry if your skills are adequate enough. And I will not use any form of magic.”
“What are you saying?”
“I’m saying, I do believe you’d never hurt me, but I cannot have your death on my conscience if I didn’t give you the skills because of my own problems. What I want you to do is take that knife and come at me so I can see what I must impart.”
Appalled, Meeka went wide-eyed while furiously shaking her head and making her blonde hair blow like a willow tree in a strong breeze. “No, I will not do that. I care too much for you Cage. What if I make a mistake and really stab you. I don’t want to even consider harming you.”
“Not even if we make a deal?”
That got her undivided attention. “What kind?”
He grinned at the thought of a fight, even a teaching one. “How about this. If by some chance you draw even a single drop of blood from my body I’ll do any one thing that is within my power.”
An instant idea came to mind. “Does that mean I can have you make love to me?”
“It would mean you can even keep me as your lover for as long as you want if you ask it.”
Meeka saw the calm confidence exude from his every aspect. He wasn’t boasting, he meant it honestly and had the skills to accomplish what he wanted. She remembered what he did in her rescue all too well. She didn’t know the true depths of his skills, but they were certainly far beyond her own. Yet she couldn’t believe what he offered in response to a single drop of shed blood. It was too much to refuse and she wanted him more than anyone else.
Slowly she drew the knife and looked at it. Meeka’s hands began to shake with excitement and trepidation. “No, I still can’t do it…”
“Not even if you saw someone about to kill me?” Her shaking stopped. “If you wouldn’t kill to save the life of someone you love than you’ll be a coward. That isn’t the Meeka I have come to respect. Remember, it is best to consider the worst. It is better to overestimate an enemy than underestimate. What if it were a baby about to be killed? Would you stand up and kill the person before they got to the helpless infant? I’m trying to teach you something important. Push your emotions aside and learn. To live is to kill. There is no other alternative in life. Now if you want me, I suggest you learn quickly. Otherwise you’ll never become of one body with me. You will not find happiness or satisfaction from me any other way. So I will ask only one more time, to get your reward you must first get my blood-price. Will you remain helpless and unfulfilled or will you strive for a real goal.”
“If I fail, will I get another chance?” She inquired to stall a moment longer.
“Yes, every morning we will set aside one hour to train you. As a onetime warning, you can only approach me with a knife for this training session. Any sneak attacks won’t end well for you outside the allotted time. We do things my way for your protection. Are we agreed?”
Meeka nodded after a serious internal struggle. “We are.”
“Now prove to yourself you can take life in your own hands.”
She looked down and gripped the knife more securely in her right hand and bent her knees. All she received from Cage was a questioning eyebrow that lifted as if asking ‘Are you serious?’ He stood calmly, with his long arms hanging at his side, not six yards away as if completely unconcerned.
Feeling a little hurt he didn’t prepare himself, Meeka yelled “Yah!” and ran as hard as she could and hoped to not hurt him too badly, but he did ask this of her and gave an offer she couldn’t refuse. She threw her knife hand forward at his chest.
Cage grinned when she came within range. The long blade aimed right for his sternum, but he whipped his hand to grab the blade, ripped it out of her grip without any effort and tapped her forehead, neck, her left breast that disguised her heart, and the elbow of her outstretched arm with the round end before sidestepping and hooking her unbalanced foot with his own. She yelled in surprise as she fell face first in the soft grass they laid on earlier.
She flipped herself over and breathed hard saying “What just happened?” She sat up and searched her hands.
“Looking for this?” He asked and she looked to see him holding her knife between his thumb and forefinger. While he had her attention he flicked his wrist and threw the knife right passed her ear and sink up to the small guard from impacting the dirt. Reflexively she jumped and moved away, especially feeling the wind left behind by the expertly thrown knife.
Her fright didn’t calm for nearly five minutes. Then she retrieved her knife to say “I don’t understand. One moment I charge, then your arms seem to blur before you completely disappear and I find myself face down on the ground.”
“Do you remember how many times I tapped you?” He said in a peaceful way.
Meeka then began to truly realize that not only is Cage an expert fighter, but that he absolutely loves to do it. She shook her head and asked “Twice?”
“No, I hit you four times. Three would be fatal and you would have died in seconds and the last was a maiming wound that would make your dominant arm completely useless.”
“Seriously?”
“Would you like to see for yourself?” She nodded and he made a mirror of magic showing her whole body. “Do you see the red mark on your forehead and neck?” She had to look closely but she did see it. “Now look down your shirt, where your heart would be.” She pulled the collar out and gasped. “And your elbow.” He said and made her image vanish. “Meeka, that was me holding back, way back. If this were a real life or death battle I would have stabbed you nine times in under two seconds with your own knife. With my bare hands I could do about eleven deadly moves in the same timeframe. But I must admit you did impress me in one aspect. Your legs have a lot of power in them. For a woman that is natural since it is how you are built, but nonetheless you have a good foundation. Being tall also helps, your bones are thicker.”
“It is strange though. I see the red marks, but felt nothing.”
“That is because you aren’t used to fighting and your body cannot process everything so new or quick. You’re in a bit of shock. In time you will learn, but for now I need to teach you the basics. First of all you aren’t holding the knife properly. The way you held it before is all well and good for cooking, but as you saw it was all too easy to take out of your grip. Hold it like you did before.” He approached with twinkling black eyes as she held it again. He wrapped his hand over the blade, knowing his new skin wouldn’t be cut. He could feel his skin fold as it naturally would and how razor sharp the blade is, but it didn’t hurt or break the metal hard flesh. “Holding it this way puts a lot of pressure on the thumb. It might be the strongest digit on your hand, but it is fundamentally weaker when compared to the combined might of the other four. Watch.” With swift twist he ripped the knife out of her hand again. She sucked in a breath because she held it tight and didn’t want to give it up this time and it hurt as he easily disarmed her again. He returned it. “This time make the blade point away from your thumb, not with it. And turn the edge side to be as level with your knuckles as possible. Good. Now grip it tightly and you’ll see the difference.” Cage grabbed the knife and twisted, hard, but her arm twisted and the knife didn’t slip.
“I did it.” She grinned. He released his hold as she got a concerned look. “But if I hold it this way wont my reach be shortened.”
“Good observation and your right, you lose the added eight inches of your blade, but as I demonstrated, wouldn’t you rather keep hold of your weapon if someone wrenches it out of your grasp? Speed and strength are important in battle, but the greatest thing to always remember is skill and experience far exceed physical attributes. My sisters could fight any man in the world and not break a sweat even though men are naturally stronger. What I want you to be is someone who can outclass any man she has to face. Your strength will always be less than a man’s, but after I teach you you’ll be one ball busting babe who can truly say they can take care of herself. And our bet still stands, if you can make me bleed, one of the truly most dangerous men of my world, you can claim to have wounded me and claim your well deserved reward.”
He saw her eyes alight with determination. “What else can you teach before our hour is up?”
“How to stand and move properly.” She raised golden eyebrow. “You have too many wasted movements. Space your lags apart.” She did so, but he sighed and went down on a knee. He gripped her sensual thigh and brought it around, had her bend her knees and lean forward slightly. When she made it correctly he said “From this stance you can jump, sidestep, lunge, kick or punch with the easiest and least wasteful movements. Bring your arms up like this.” He took a simple karate stance with his right fist to tuck it near his armpit and his left arm half extended. “This is a simple offensive and defensive stance. It will protect and allow you to see anyone who approaches from the front and sides. Just be sure someone isn’t coming up from behind. For the last forty minutes I want you to stand just like that. Whatever you do, don’t move. This will help get you comfortable with it.”
“Sounds easy.” She sensed a perverse reaction come from his jocular smile.
Cage took out the care package and made his legs take the same stance so they shared the experience. He gave her a large biscuit, potato and some berries. They ate together without moving, but after only two minutes Meeka understood his smile as they began to feel uncomfortable. Soon they began getting hot before shaking from strain. “Cage, it hurts.”
He grinned. “Feeeel the burrrn! Love the burn!” After another minute it became an agonizing pain that made her collapse. “Your time isn’t over, on your feet.” She understood he enjoyed seeing her in discomfort, but was trying to instill her with knowledge from another world, one without magic. Meeka grunted as she took the painful stance again, only receiving a small comment to twist her ankle a bit to achieve the correct stance. To distract her he said “Naturally, when we as humans stand, we place more weight on one leg and when it becomes uncomfortable we shift to the other. This stance, when held for long periods, builds leg strength, spreading our weight evenly. It turns a full day’s walk into a few minutes. This was the first thing the old man taught me. Right now I don’t feel any discomfort because I’ve built myself up. I couldn’t even do five full minutes the first time, but after a while I reached my best time of six hours before the pain was too much. Soon you will be sick of me and want to quit, but if you really want me that badly you shall quickly become one beautiful woman with a nasty bite. If you want to quit and go home because it is too much I’ll understand.”
“If I did that I’d lose you. Forget it!” She growled as sweat dripped off her. Her eyes wavered now and then, but she noted how pleased he looked after hearing her determination. She vowed internally; I will win the bet and prove my worth. I will find happiness and have you be part of it. I’m not afraid to fight…
“Time’s up!” He said suddenly and Meeka collapsed in a painful heap. She had never been so grateful to collapse before. She had fallen three more times after her declaration. And lay there for only a few seconds before she felt something uniquely different. She looked down to find Cage rubbing her legs. It felt of an odd mixture of pain and bliss. He saw her expression and said. “I’m doing a deep tissue massage. I know it might hurt right now, but I’m working the knots out of your muscles while also increasing blood flow to remove lactic acid buildup.”
“Lactic acid?”
“It contributes to the pain your muscles are feeling when it didn’t get enough oxygen. Just be quiet, I know what I’m doing.”

That he did. In less time than she figured it would take to recover she was able to stand, albeit in a stumbling way. He led her to the water which felt doubly cold as they both cleaned off the accumulated sweat. He let her rest as he saddled her horse and helped her mount.
Then they left, still in the early morning light. Again Meeka became surprised Cage could still run after all he did already and make it look easy while she felt an odd sense of being loose of body while in a sense of pain. Riding was much easier than running and she knew if their positions were reversed she’d collapse several times over.
“Alright, Meeka, it is time to prove yourself as my guide. Miot lays about three miles from here, but we cannot go there to resupply…”
“Why not?”
He didn’t even slow or sound out of breath. “Because it might be a bigger place than Kote, but I’d like to avoid danger. We destroyed Tran’s business and he knows our faces from our last encounter. We also made many people who take the drug our enemy. Don’t forget he might have paid off officials to turn their cheek and now that they aren’t being bribed they will be angry too. Our description would easily get us in trouble, trouble you won’t be ready for. You and you mother were the tallest women in Kote and from many in Miot. Pair that with a guy my height and we’ll easy targets. We might be able to blend in, but are you willing to take that chance?” He looked up and winked.
“I guess not. Give me a moment to think… What kind of supplies do we need?”
“Food and a blanket for us to lay on when we need to stop for the night.”
“In that case there is a chandlers shop about a half mile just outside Miot’s northern gate. There will be a road up ahead that forks and will let you bypass the city. Mostly couriers use it if they don’t have to stop there.”
“Perfect.” Cage said as they rounded a curve and saw the fork ahead. They took it and enjoyed the scenic route all the way around the problematic city.
By noon they found the chandlers shop and got the supplies. Meeka selected a large bedroll and tied it securely to her saddle while Cage also bought a blue ribbon. Once outside Cage said “If we don’t do anything with your hair it will be nothing but a problem for you. You can attest to this morning’s experience.”
She smiled and turned around, not even knowing if he could work hair, but she felt him instantly manipulate with it. With some gentle tugging he tied the ribbon to the end and tossed it over her shoulder. She gasped at how fast he did something and marveled at the intricacy because not one hair stood out. She couldn’t believe how much it looked like golden rope. “What did you do?”
“It is called a French-braid.” He looked around and didn’t spot any potential witnesses. “Have a better look.” And he made two mirrors, one hovering in the front and the other behind. Her lips parted as she saw the braid looked to have begun at her delicate widows peak and snake her entire scalp to the end. “If I had more time I could make it look better.”
“How can it get any better than this?”
He smirked after noting how she truly loved it. “You’ll have to find out one day. I think it looks good on you. It really reveals your soft neck and accentuates your cheekbones quite wonderfully.”
“Thank you.” She said as she blushed.
They began running soon after and made quite a bit of ground.

As night began to fall Meeka again guided them to a known river her family rested at when her father had business in the capital and they picked a spot far from the road where no one could possibly spot them. After Meeka took care of the horse she took the stance he showed this morning and worked at it for an hour. He didn’t say anything, but Cage understood she’d do this every night so in the morning she can spend more time trying to get a successful hit in. She found the stance harder than this morning and she fell twelve times within the hour and for all her hard work Cage rubbed out her painful and slightly swollen limbs.
Since the night was theirs, with no one around, and the stream was isolated he offered “Want to go skinny dipping with me?”
“Skinny dipping?”
“Swim together without clothes. Trust me, the water will help your aching body.”
She felt renewed at the idea and nodded. Meeka watched as he stripped off his shirt and pants to stand gloriously before her. She stood and had a harder time slipping out of the boots, pants and top. Eventually though she had the satisfaction of seeing his hungry eyes appraising her curvaceous figure. That was all that she could find that didn’t look to be masked. She put a hand on his shoulder for balance as he led them to the water and she moaned as the water took off the weight of the world and its cool properties pulled the heat and accumulated pain from her body. Cage smiled and began to swim casually away. Meeka began chasing at a slow and equal place. He kept swimming to help her move the inflamed joints so the pain wouldn’t be worse in the morning.
Meeka felt great after a half hour of swimming and got an idea. She took a breath and went under. Cage stopped and looked around after hearing her quiet intake of air. In the darkness he couldn’t find her, but seconds later he felt her rising right in front of him. She resurfaced with a bright white smile and heard him chuckle. “What is so funny?”
“Sorry, but I was thinking how it is possible for you to swim under water with those flotation devices grown from your chest.”
She grinned. “It does take some work to stay under when all they want to do is keep pushing me back up. Still, I’m proud of them. They are big, but not so much they get in my way.”
He leaned back to float and Meeka joined him. She grabbed for his hand beneath the water and he gave it without intending to, as if it were a long time habit. Cage didn’t pull it back or it would be seen as impolite. The content look on her face as she looked up into the bright stars spoke that is all she wanted and as a reward for working so hard he allowed her to keep it. In the moment of silence he said “Back on Earth, many women want firm and full breasts.”
“It is like that here as well.” She casually stated.
“But where I’m from, women can pay to get larger breasts.”
This was astounding news to Meeka as she first looked down to her chest floating above the surface and then to Cage. “How is that done?”
“They are called breast implants. They come in an array of sizes from the discrete to the outrageous and for the very large ones they are customized. Where I’m from you would be considered a large D cup with perfect symmetry. The implants look like clear breasts and are filled with saline… uh salt water if it will better explain. The doctor or surgeon cuts off the woman’s nipple.” He heard her muffled gasp from under the water. “Then they put the desired implant through the opening and suck out some fat to give the breast a better and more natural look. When finished the doctor reattaches the nipple. If they are good you don’t even see a scar later. It takes a few weeks to heal. Some women truly think they need the implant because some have one breast that is smaller or larger. They do it for symmetry.”
“Will the woman be able to feed a baby after this surgery?”
“No. From personal experiences I can say I like natural breast. Usually it is easy to spot natural from manmade.”
“I know some girls who would like to have this done. I like mine just the way they are.”
“Me too.” They smiled at each other before laughing. “Let’s head back in to eat and get some sleep.”
And they did. Meeka washed out her clothes, but saw Cage didn’t bother putting his back on so she just hung them and headed over to the bedroll. They ate and joked for a few minutes, but then Meeka yawned and crawled over to lay beside Cage. This time he didn’t say a word as she placed her head over his heart and formed her nude body right beside his. Both truly enjoyed the natural feeling of flesh on flesh, But Meeka stayed true to her word and didn’t complicate matters since she promised herself she would have him fulfill some of her desires by the oath she took. Meeka so wanted to break the promise as she felt lightheaded and so close to achieving a dream. Before she could consider or regret a later mistake her exhaustion took her to sleep. Cage also had a hard time resisting, but his rational side kept him from confusing their current relationship.

In the morning they folded up the clothes that dried overnight and put on another pair, ate and later relieved themselves. After that Cage taught Meeka for another hour on properly using a knife. She absorbed his teachings like a sponge, but still didn’t get anywhere near enough to trim even a string from his shirt. Meeka counted she hit the hard ground seventeen times in the course of an hour. After the session ended and she was getting another blissful massage she asked “From all the stories I’ve heard about fighting, why is it always so long and drawn out? We worked this whole time yet our fights last less than ten seconds.”
“That is because stories are meant to entertain and are embellished. In real life or death confrontations that is how things really are. But when fighting against more than a single individual it can last a minute if they are evenly matched.”
“Have you ever lost a fight?”
“Many times, but I never made the same mistake twice and ended up winning.”
“Do you ever get exhausted?”
“You already know that answer. Remember me taking you from Tran’s clutches? Magic exhausts me greatly, but as we are on the subject of fighting I can say you tire ten times faster in a fight than running. I can run practically all day if I pace myself. Running at my hardest will last for only a few short hours. In a fight though, I get tired within minutes due to the strain. It is one of the reasons I train regularly because if the battle is drawn out the person with greater endurance wins usually.”
“I know this is impolite, but how long can you sustain certain activities.”
He stopped massaging immediately and stood. “You’re right. That was impolite and I don’t want it to be said again. I understand why you’re so anxious and curious about sex like some teenage schoolgirl because of your situation. You see me as your only partner, but some questions are very private. You’re fascinated about our connection and I know that too because my previous girlfriends were the same way and I gave in and showed them just what I can do. In the end I ended up hurt when the excitement wears off and they leave when they find out I enjoy fighting and don’t have any problems killing someone. You know about my paralysis and what women saw me as after it. I will not make that mistake again, though you are making it even more difficult than I ever imagined. You are the second person I believe won’t harm me physically, but when you lose your sexual feelings for me and see me truly, I don’t and won’t go through with such heartache. People are people, no matter which world I’ve seen. Meeka, please stop testing my tolerance. If you win the bet you win me so until you achieve the nearly impossible I must ask you keep any sexually focused questions about me in your head. I have an abundance of patience, but little tolerance.”
Meeka knew when not to speak and this is such a time.
They packed and moved back to the road not long after the conversation and headed north. To see more traffic as merchants traveled from place to place and exchanged pleasantries in passing. One courier nearly flew by and Cage sensed the use of magic before hearing the horse’s galloping. The mage didn’t even glance he was so focused on the job. Mostly the day remained uneventful except for a well timed rain shower that lasted all but two minutes. The terrain changed slightly from relatively flat and forested to rolling hills and woods.

On the morning of the fourth day Cage felt scruffy since he hadn’t shaved in five days and his short beard was as thick as the hair on his head. He didn’t like shaving with a knife since it’s tedious and doesn’t do the job as he is used to. He knew he wanted a proper shaving implement but the current technology he’s seen hasn’t even thought to invent something as commonly used as a multi-tiered razor or even shaving cream.
I wonder if a spell could do something like that as well? Cage wondered. I know I can make mirrors, illusions, fire and even that one time I created that outrageous bullet that ended up somewhere. Could a spell be manipulated to target a specific attribute such as hair, but leave skin unscathed? It doesn’t have to be very large, but maybe I can make my own shaving razor without the need to carry one… hmm, I do need to shave and it would give me an idea on how just flexible this magic thing can be used…
Cage focused on an image and the properties he wanted the object to have. While he focused he pretended to grip the handle of a small knife. In a response to the focus he felt the familiar tingle between his shoulders come to life and it spread slightly as the magic began creating a four inch black knife exactly as imagined. As the object began to form Cage felt how nothing was there at first and in five seconds he felt it as if he held an actual knife handle. The draw of magic made it feel as if he were running though he sat comfortably. He knew he needed to act quick because the longer he kept the object together the more energy it drew and he knew he couldn’t sustain it for long. He created a mirror to reflect his five days growth of beard. He took the knife and placed it against his cheek before dragging it down an inch and saw how easily it worked. Since he couldn’t waste much time he used the knife in a slicing fashion to find the properties he instilled into the creation worked for no matter how hard he poked or cut, his skin would not break. The short beard vanished in a few swift strokes. He then stopped use of the knife and mirror with a lessening of his focus. He breathed slow and deep, but the dots didn’t appear to tell him he was overdoing it. While recovering he felt his jaw line with his fingertips to feel relieved because he found the best way to shave then he’d ever known. His skin felt baby smooth without even a hint of stubble. What’s more, he didn’t have to worry about razor burn or cutting the skin.
The shave worked so well it sparked many new ideas on how to manipulate magic. He couldn’t even begin to believe how flexible, subtle and powerful spells were when used in varying situations.
Too bad he didn’t have such skills back on Earth. If he had this power he believed it could have been used to save his brothers and sisters, but the past is the past. Thank goodness politicians and governments don’t have such powers or the world might have actually ended many times over. He thought grimly.
Snapping of a stick brought him out of his thoughts. Meeka returned from relieving herself to surprisingly find Cage shaved and preferred him without a beard. She wouldn’t like kissing hair if given an option. She smiled approvingly and he returned the expression.
As usual for her new routine she drew her blade. When he didn’t move for her usual attempt she raised an eyebrow and watched as his smile turned to a grin. She knew he was baiting her and Meeka obliged. She lunged as she had been taught.
Before she could bring down the knife Cage suddenly leaned back, smacked his feet on the ground, firmly planted his hands flat on the land while pushing himself in a handstand. Meeka halted her advance because she didn’t know what to do, but quickly stepped back as Cage began walking on his hands while spinning his legs like a whirlwind of controlled fury. She had never seen such a maneuver and retreated to safety after realizing how dangerous the motions would be if any of the kicks connected. She watched as his spinning motion came to a stop and he stood straight as a board with such control she had a hard time believing. He then showed he could easily support himself on a single arm as he scratched his head as if nothing seemed out of the ordinary. He still grinned and had twinkling eyes. “Meeka, not all opponents fight the same way. True, most will come at you with a weapon, but you also need to be prepared for those that prefer to kick. A kick is usually slower compared to a punch, but has double the impact. Few actually have my arm strength because of my time in a chair, but everyone has strong legs. You will come to find I never attack in the same way. If I did my opponent would learn my rhythms and that would be my end.” He then put his other arm down and bent himself forward to stand. Once he smacked the dirt and grass from his hands he said “Come at me now that I’ve taught you how to stand, move and use the knife. It is time to practice becoming lethal.”
“Here I come.” She warned before charging since she had to shake off the terrified feeling of just how well he can fight in any situation.
The hour ended with eighteen falls and nine submissions, but both Meeka and Cage were surprised when one of her kicks glanced off his foot. It was the first time she actually touched him in practice. She still felt glad she advanced enough in such a short time and Cage said she did well.

They recovered soon and began running along the road for an hour when Meeka said “Cage, hold on for a moment.” She pulled on the reins of her horse as they both came to a stop. He looked up at her and hadn’t waited long before she said “Last night I was thinking about the trails and roads that all lead to Vin’re and I remembered something. May I borrow your map?” He pulled it out of the tube and gave it over. She squinted and put her eye nearly right up to the paper. “Oh good, I didn’t get that wrong.” She handed it back and he curiously did as she had done, but instead of losing focus on the highly detailed map he saw thin veins which he just realized were actual roads he couldn’t see unless up close. He put it away as she said “In about an hour we’ll reach another fork that splits three ways. The left one will lead us to the ocean. The straight one begins to curve around the base of a mountain, but the right one doesn’t go far before cutting north and will lead us to a local pass only a few know about. I only took it once before and it’ll be isolated. If we take the straight one compared to the right, which takes us through a pass, we’ll gain close to a day going around the mountain and the winding road.”
“The right road is a short-cut?” She nodded. “The sooner we get to this capital the more time I’ll have to prepare. Let’s go.”
In just under an hour they reached a fork, but found a small business selling traveling goods. Meeka bought a strip of smoked meat since she found it hard to go completely on Cage’s vegetarian diet. He bought onions, tomatoes, carrots, turnips and a fresh head of his favorite iceberg lettuce.
Packing didn’t take long and the old man gave his thanks as they left to move down the trail that headed east for all of a half hour before ending at a sheer cliff that made them chose either north or south. They took the way north and steadily began to climb a recess between two mountains. The one to the left was slightly smaller than the right and each were nearly shrouded in thick trees that made it difficult to see what the mountain hid. You’d be lucky to even see a hill back home in Florida, but after traveling the world Cage prefers the beauty of a mountain without a snowcapped peak. The warm air slowly cooled and reaching the pass at noon they stopped to break for a light meal. They ate and drank, but something seemed off about Meeka’s horse as it kept snorting every few minutes and didn’t graze as it usually did when they stopped for a half hour. “What’s wrong with her?” He wondered.
“She probably smells something she doesn’t like. Usually she is the calmest horse I know. Last time she acted this way was when a bear came close and Father ran it off by banging Mother’s frying pans together to frighten it.”
“You think she’ll be alright to ride?”
Meeka nodded as she nibbled on a tomato he offered. “She wants to go now, but won’t leave me. I raised her since she was a foal.”
“If she’s worried do you think we should break early and continue down?”
“That would be wise.”
And that they did. Meeka mounted and the paint seemed eager to leave.

Strangely as they began the descent down the mountainous pass an hour later Meeka and Cage noticed the mare’s edginess continue to grow ever more unsettling. The horse’s unease made the two humans more aware of their surroundings, but the thick growth of forest made it nearly impossible to see more than a hundred or so feet at the most. Meeka had to force the steed to even walk along the path and Cage kept a reassuring hand on the horse’s side and patted it often to also say “It’s alright. It’s alright. Good girl.” reassuringly over and over. The horse seemed to know something was up that they didn’t, but after an hour she still didn’t settle and her swerving ears never stayed in one direction to give them an idea on where to look for the problem or to avoid it altogether.
Cage slowly began to realize the only sound came from the horse’s hooves on the rocky road and her snorts. The whole forest seemed to have completely gone silent. Maybe that is what unsettled the mare.
The breeze shifted and something on it completely terrified the mare beyond anything he’d ever seen. Her eyes went nearly white all around as she neighed loudly as if shocked from tremendous pain. “Meeka!” Cage yelled as the horse reared unexpectedly, throwing off her rider and long time companion. Cage lunged and caught his guide in midair, flipping both of them for him to take the full brunt of the impact. His shirt did little to protect his back as he landed hard on the rugged ground. The horse landed on all fours again and charged as if being possessed down the trail as fast as she could to leave nothing in reserve. Cage reopened his eyes to find the horse already several yards away and going fast, leaving a trail of supplies from whatever Meeka kept contained in her pack.
The two recovered quickly and Meeka yelled after her horse, but no matter how hard she screamed the steed ran in the very essence of blind fear. Neither of them had ever seen a horse do something quite like that before.
Cage found it uncomfortable to stand as his back hurt in several places, but he got up and stood beside Meeka to watch what just happened.
Suddenly something absolutely enormous jumped out of the forest as the horse made it nearly two hundred feet. The gigantic creature toppled a tree and opened its great maw with a line of curved yellowish-white teeth and easily chomped down on half of the horse, lifting it effortlessly.
Then came a second forest crashing sound as a second creature bit down on the large mare’s hindquarters and together they ripped the horse completely in half, spraying blood and entrails all over the ground and the beasts. The horse went silent forever more.
Cage got a good look at something he never thought to see or imagine. The creatures looked like a giant iguana on steroids. Each appeared to be forty to fifty feet from nose to tail with a spiked ridge starting at the base of its skill and growing along the spine. Their scaly skin was a mixture of dark greens and browns, perfect camouflage for the terrain. Long, powerful arms seemed suited for bursts of speed and ample enough to propel the bulk that they are attached to. Its snout has two large holes for it to scent whatever it desired and two feet behind the seven inch large eyes were ear holes suited to listen in on everything for miles around. The whole body seemed to easily weigh about four or five tons. Viciously curved claws appeared to be capable of disemboweling anything.
Cage stood almost as if it weren’t him looking and hearing the hissing and growling sounds the lizards made while eating.
Meeka’s silence ended first as she screamed in horror at what occurred. Her reaction unfroze Cage as he clamped a hand over mouth.
It was too late as both animals turned in their direction with blood and meat dripping from jaws capable of eating them whole. “Shit!” Cage cursed and grabbed Meeka’s hand and ran straight into the woods, hoping the close-growing trees will slow them down. Meeka had a hard time keeping up with the speed Cage set. If not for their connected grip she would have fallen dozens of times or gotten lost in the thick mountainous forest. Cage heard crashing sounds of pursuit over the noise he and Meeka made. It was hard to run in such a situation, but at the thought of being eaten, he didn’t dare stop.
Ten minutes of frantic running uphill was exhausting. They both had to stop and Meeka had dozens of scratches all over and her clothes had an array of holes and scrapes. His clothes weren’t in any better condition, but only his cheek had a cut so far. His arms and legs were well protected. Silence greeted them as they both breathed quick, though he fared better.
Silence ended when there came a hissing growl from the north and west, sounding not several feet away. They weren’t seen though.
Now wasn’t the time for talking and Cage jerked Meeka up and ran diagonally up the mountain to stay as far away from those carnivores as possible. The crashing sounds erupted again as the pair stalked the two humans.
Adrenaline became the only thing keeping Meeka on her feet and fear that the beasts were right behind them made her legs move.
Pursuit seemed to be falling behind and Cage knew they had to find some kind of defensive position since he knew those things would topple trees if they foolishly thought to climb.
They came upon a large, open-mouthed cave. “In there!” He decided without regard and pulled her to it. He knew it would make it a one creature tunnel and also that they would end up a meal sooner rather than later if caught out in the open. They plunged directly into the cave and he made a bright white orb to flee further inside. A rancid, decaying smell of rotting flesh hit them like a wall after only several dozen yards. Not hearing pursuit from outside the cave Cage slowed to a cautious walk. Only their labored gasps echoed in the large cave that quickly expanded into a large cavern.
Hundreds of stalactites hung from the ceiling over fifty feet above the floor. The cavern flooded with magical light as they entered the seemingly natural expanse. The smell became awful, but breathable.
Meeka gasped and knocked Cage’s orb out of his hand and hissed “Turn it off!”
He saw her point and found a third giant lizard, but much, much larger. It stretched out over a hundred feet, but it looked more fearsome than the two from earlier put together. He canceled the spell to completely be engulfed in darkness. He half jumped as Meeka took his hand again and began leading him back while whispering so as to not wake the sleeping behemoth. “Before you stopped the spell I saw a crack we might be able to hide in. Hurry I hear the others coming.”
Blindly, they moved back to the cave wall and to expedite the search he made a dim red light and Meeka found it so they hurried to the jagged vertical crack. Sounds from the tunnel leading outside sounded like shuffling and a great set of lungs sniffing like a bloodhound. She reached in with renewed urgency. It was a tight fit, but she squeezed through. He gave her the red orb as she plunged deeper. It was much harder for Cage since he was larger. He was grateful for his lean body for if it were any bulkier he’d never make it. Shallow breaths were the best he could manage because his chest couldn’t flatten quite like Meeka’s. He had to turn his head to the side and walk sideways. Then he heard her whisper “It opens up some.”
Cage reached the point he heard her voice and took a needed full breath as the crack did expand. He found her standing several feet ahead. The jagged crack opened up into a small hole nearly five feet by eight and twelve in height. As he entered the space Meeka threw herself closer and wrapped her shaking arms around him to sob. Cage returned the embrace with steady arms, knowing they are safe for the moment. Those huge reptilian arms would never fit through.
He sunk to the ground and realized he somehow didn’t manage to lose his pack. He shouldered it off and sat down, bringing her down as well. He scooped her frightened form into his lap and allowed her to vent her emotions of loss, pain and fear. Cage knew Meeka thought heavily on the loss of her only companion being devoured and the frightening race to where they found themselves. He only shushed her when the reptiles passed by their crack. She remained in a state of incoherent shock for what felt like an hour. A red orb took so little strength he didn’t worry about weakening for several more hours.
Eventually she came around when the tears stopped flowing. She looked up to find Cage smiling reassuringly upon her. She realized where they found themselves and why he looked strange in the red light. “Are we safe?”
“For the moment.” He whispered. “Meeka, what the fuck are those things?”
“Wyrms.”
He gave her an incredulous look. “Those can’t be worms.”
She shook her head. “W. Y. R. M. Not W. O. R. M. Don’t you have Wyrms back on Earth?”
“Not at all. The most dangerous reptiles we have back home that are even close to resembling those things are alligators or crocodiles. They don’t get half that big. We have nothing like a supersized Iguana running around who can do what they did to a horse so easily. If I were a betting man and not from here I’d swear I just got trapped by dinosaurs. Tell me about these wyrms and how do we get away or how to kill them if necessary.”
Meeka shook her head and wiped her nose on her already ruined shirt. “I wouldn’t know how to kill them, but we won’t get away. They have our scent and stories say they’ll hunt their prey even to starvation. Once they had our scent it is our death sentence. From what I know, their scales are very thick and they are known to like the taste of man the most. Stories say most don’t know they are there till you see their open mouth and never see the light of day again.”
“Are they intelligent?”
“Not like a wyvern and certainly not like a dragon, but they are fierce creatures.”
“Wait, dragons are real? And what is a wyvern?” He asked in real interest, but also to keep her from falling into misery again. While she collected her thoughts he now knew why the two, what he assumed were adolescent to teenage, wyrms herded them right to their cave. Depending on the plumbing they were going to be food for mommy or daddy, whatever the case is.
“Wyverns are also reptiles, but have magic to breathe fire and are usually larger than that big wyrm out there. They have two large back legs and two enormous, leathery wings and when they fold it they can walk somewhat. Dragons, to my knowledge, are the strongest of all the creatures in our world. They are the largest and most beautiful for it is said their scales shine like polished gems. They have four legs and two mighty wings on their back and are larger than castles. Their magic is legendary as is their intelligence. Grandmother said she got to meet one once and he forever changed her life. But I’ve never seen a wyvern or dragon myself up close so I do not know. Today is my first time seeing a wyrm… and likely my last.”
“Answer me this. Why is a wyrm here? I doubt you would have made us use the pass if there was knowledge of these things.”
“They shouldn’t even be on this side of the Vlaran Mountains. But they are here nevertheless and have claimed this mountain as their own.”
“Enough with the doom and gloom already. Give me a minute to think of a way out of our current predicament.”
At that moment both of their heads snapped to the crack as a loud sniffing noise at the mouth soon exhaled a breath of rotten meat that made them both gag and make their eyes water. Then there came a horrifying roar that rattled the whole cavern system. Out of instinct they both jumped as their heart raced as one. Meeka turned to look at him. “Better think faster.”
Now knowing that if they are alive they can die, a grin of accepted challenge spread across his features. Meeka found it comforting and a little disturbing.
Three large claws found their way in the crack and the mighty strength of the wyrm ripped out huge chunks of rock. One such chip found its way into the hole where they were trapped. Cage picked it up and infused it with magic. When there came a clear shot he threw the rock and felt it leave his hand with more velocity than he threw. An instant later there was a puff of smoke as the rock shattered harmlessly against the neck scales. Apparently the wyrm didn’t seem to feel a thing. He knew rocks were useless now. He knew unless it was something much heavier, nothing would dent that hide. He also guessed it would take another fifteen or so digging movements to reach them. Then he noticed that each time it made the crack wider it pauses for just a moment to look at them with one large eye to see where they stood. Cage could see hatred and endless hunger in the round eye as he made them actually work for a meal.
When it blinked it gave him an idea. He looked to Meeka to see she shook again and wouldn’t be of any help. “Meeka, make yourself as small as you can and close your eyes. Whatever you hear or feel, do not open them. I now understand how to fight these wyrms and will get us out of here.”
She didn’t hesitate to ask as she obeyed his calm order. Meeka sat down and wrapped her arms around her knees and buried her head between them before tightly shutting her eyes.
Cage picked up the red orb and made it become a soft white. After the next clawing, when the eyes peeked again, he threw it and dumped more magic into it, making it instantly flare like a flash bomb with the brightness of the sun for a fraction of a second before throwing another rock at the softer eye. As the large eye contracted the rock-bullet pierced right through the eye with little resistance.
Pain filled the roar as the wyrm flailed around, unable to concentrate on anything except its ruined eye. The ground rumbled as it thrashed helplessly.
But before Cage could capitalize on the first one the second took its place to dig the prey out, but seemed to learn from the first’s mistake as it kept its eyes closed and dug more fearlessly. It turned its head, making Cage assume it listened with great hearing. In response to the change in tactic he cupped his hands together and made the sound of a squealing rabbit. It excited the wyrm to pull more determinedly. Since it didn’t dare look it pulled out a marginally large hole before turning its head close to the opening once more.
Cage grinned triumphantly and ran five silent steps, bringing his hand back, firmly stiffening his straight fingers and speared his arm shoulder deep down the hot and waxy ear canal. The creature became so surprised it stiffened instead of shying away. In that instant Cage felt something soft and stringy and grasped hold of all of it, planted his feet to the side of its head and pulled with his entire body, ripping out the enlarged hearing organs and pulling it completely out. He landed hard on his back as thick, nearly boiling blood rushed out and coated Cage in the coppery smelling liquid.
A moment later it thrashed and roared in overwhelming pain like the first, but rolled oddly since it lost its inner ear equilibrium. Cube law should reconsider its parameters after seeing how something so large can move so fast.
With the two smaller wyrms incapacitated the third roared loudest of all and it vibrated everything in its anger after seeing its kids in pain. Unlike the first two, this big momma made the floor shake in her mad charge to the hole. She kept her head raised back almost eight feet off the ground and blindly tried ripping for her prey to get vengeance.
Cage brightened his orb beneath the overgrown gecko and knew he couldn’t get anywhere near to bring the giant down. She roared in frustration and shook the ground by her weight. Cage had to push his back flush against the wall when her claws began reaching in the space, but in his search he couldn’t exploit her soft spots. His eyes combed for a solution or a weapon, but if he didn’t act fast she would sink her sharp, curved claws in them.
He then looked up and grinned.
“Why didn’t I think of that before?” He kicked himself mentally.
Sharp stalactites dotted the cave over fifty feet above and Cage sent a spell to the ceiling, cracking through the hard mineral that took thousands of years to make. Before the crack went completely through Cage dumped more magic into it, making it an oversized bullet. Cage yelled defiantly back and released the spell, firing the pointed rock like a spear. Upon release, the unordinary weapon fired down far faster than gravity intended and was strong enough to not only pierce the scales, but dive completely through the skull of the greater wyrm and pin its head to the cave floor. The ground shook as her weight collapsed and twitched with nerves though the brain died.
Cage found the other flailing two also beneath the pointy objects and were speared through the throat and likewise pinned.
The cave became remarkably silent except for large twitching and scraping.
He slid to the ground, overly exhausted since using that much magic took nearly everything he had left, out of him. He gently placed a hand on Meeka’s small form. She nearly jumped out of her skin. “It’s alright. They’re dead.”
Meeka blinked, not believing what lay before her eyes. What was once a tight crack became nothing more than a gaping hole with a head thrice her own body’s size laying right in front of her, not fifteen feet away. She looked over to gasp in horror as the new orb of light revealed Cage covered in blood. He kept grinning proudly. “Cage, there is so much blood.”
“Relax, this time it isn’t mine. Listen, I’m spent and need help getting the hell out of here. Do you mind?”
“Are you sure they are dead?”
“Yes, just residual nerves. Let’s go in case there are any more who wanna show up to the party.”
She found her own nerves all but gone as she heard and saw proof that the wyrms were all dead. Her hands slipped the first time she helped him up and both fell with a laugh to release the tension. She also grabbed his pack and orb and together they kept well out of reach of claws and whipping tails.

Outside, daylight still reigned. She glanced and understood they had many hours left to get as far away as possible. The orb vanished, but she still helped Cage walk since he overused magic again, and survived again. Meeka held him close to say “We should head down the mountain and take the trail we were using. Maybe some of my belongings might still be laying around. Then we find water somewhere and get cleaned up and tend to our wounds. Do you think we should spend the night in a tree to be somewhat out of reach?”
“Yes to all of it. We cannot chance being surprised on the ground if there are any more. The sooner we leave the area the better.”
“Very true. And thank you for saving me again.”
He chuckled. “Then repay me by putting more effort into your training.”
She hugged him, uncaring of the transferred blood, before going downhill.
Without any trails to follow, it made moving away from the cave slow going. Cage noted aloud “Look at the ground. Those wyrms didn’t make any kind of print like they did in the cave. Do you think they have magic?”
“They must because something that big would easily leave a devastating trail in their wake. I somewhat wish they made a trail we could use, but we can’t find their path they made us take. You found our markings from when we were forced here, but not theirs. I find it quite unsettling.”
“Me too.”
They passed several trees before asking “Cage, were you ever scared?”
“I was ever since you were thrown off the horse.”
“But you smiled…”
“That is because I didn’t know anything about what I faced. I figured since it was alive it could be killed. The challenge of a good fight always brings the best out of me. Survival of the fittest is the first law of life. Apparently I was more fit than them. All I can say is I fully enjoyed that fight.”
“Weren’t you the least bit afraid?”
He smiled calmly down to her. “As far as I know, there are four kinds of people when they become afraid. There are those who can’t make any response and freeze. Some focus and think critically to overcome their shortcomings. Fewer have the courage to run away. Then there are those, like me, who fight their fear with excitement and can react or change tactics as the situation progresses.”
Meeka then asked “Is there a way I can get out of that first reaction class?”
“What do you think I’ve been teaching you every morning? If we make it to morning I want you to smile as we spar. I’ve always enjoyed fighting, but the old man used to say it is best to smile, especially in a situation that isn’t funny.”
“I can try that at least, but I don’t see how it’ll make a difference.
Cage went quiet, allowing her to figure things out.
It was slow moving through the thick vegetation, but much easier since all they had to do is keep going downhill.

In an hour’s time they reached the road and Cage recovered enough to walk under his own power again, but not enough to go very fast. He already took off his ruined shirt and threw it in the forest to decompose. Without the added weight and the drying blood he moved more easily. They found their old tracks and followed them. A casual walk took a half hour before they saw the evidence they left behind. Meeka tried her best to stay strong, but such love and friendship with her horse was too much for her tears to be held back for long. Meeka found several herbs in an alright condition that could be used later, a full water container, her hairbrush and somehow the bedroll came undone and survived the attack. She knelt at the pool of blood left behind and finally cried at the loss in her heart and the fate of a friend.
But her remaining pack items were all gone.
They didn’t stay long because neither were in a position to fight again.
Three hours later their descent down the mountain came to an end where Meeka pointed “Look!” for in the distance she found a small nearby lake that had been fed by the mountain.
A burst of energy invigorated them as they half ran to the isolated, crystal clear water. Meeka held her brush as she waded into the water completely naked with Cage at her side. She undid the blue ribbon and the intricate braid while she watched Cage vigorously scrub the blood off with handfuls of sand and submerging in the deep water. She also did the same to clean the crusty blood from her wounds so as to get out all foreign matter. She brushed her hair while it remained wet before she said “Cage, come here.”
He did and she had him turn around to use sand to scrub the blood from his back since he had a hard time doing it alone. Besides the cut on his cheek he had several abrasions on his back which he explained were from catching her as she was thrown off.
Cleaned once again, they moved back to shore and Cage watched as Meeka took one of his cups and a semi-long piece of rock and began crushing some precise herbs together. He didn’t have this knowledge so he watched how she ground up the leaves and roots. She added a little water and set it over a small fire he made at her request. She never looked away from the contents, but to Cage it seemed she took the cup off the fire just a moment before it would begin to boil. She took the cup and placed it in the lake to cool more rapidly, without allowing any more water to flow over the lip. Once cooled she returned, and earlier cleaned an article of clothing, took her ruined shirt and tied it over the mouth. Meeka used the second bowl and flipped the cup over to strain the liquid into the bowl for ten whole minutes. She set aside the cup and contents to dip her finger in the sticky liquid contained in the bowl. She then applied the medicine to every wound within reach. “Go ahead and put some on your cheek. It will take the pain away and keep the wound clean.”
He tried it to find the injury went semi-numb within seconds. This effectiveness caught him by surprise. She smiled at his reaction. He looked her over and said “We escaped with minor injuries, but I can see your bruises are nearly gone.”
She looked down at herself and saw that the greens and browns on her chest had turned a dull yellow. She smiled much more confidently since they began to look as they once did. Meeka looked him over and in the bowl from what remained of the concoction. “Cage, turn around and let me tend to your back.”
He spun around and she got closer. She used one finger and gently applied the sticky liquid to the scrapes and heard him sigh contently. By the time all the marks were well coated, the bowl lay empty.
Meeka, after finishing, wrapped her arms around his neck and held his back to her front. She kissed his cheek and laid her head on his shoulder. She heard his deep voice about to say something, but she beat him to it. “Please just let me have this much. I won’t go any further, just let me stay like this and hold on to you.”
“Alright. You can have that much, but what was the kiss for?” He said to keep his mind off her bare breasts pressing completely against his back.
“Because I’m falling more in love with you as each day passes. You’ve already done so much and you even fought a wyrm. You deserved some reward since you won’t claim what I’d gladly give. I know you don’t wish to speak of it so I won’t press the subject, but I promise that I will push harder and win our wager so I can prove I’m not like the women you knew. I will show you we belong and give you something to look forward to whenever and wherever you are. Now I don’t want you to say anything so let me hold you till I feel better.”
His tense shoulders relaxed, but Cage couldn’t stop his mind from repeating her first sentence over and over. ‘I’m falling more in love with you…’ and he had to admit his feelings for her were also growing and he knew she truly meant those words though this was the first she ever said them. Cage gently patted her arm and they stayed there like that for a half hour.
Cage broke out his rope, a second pair of pants and a shirt. He said under his breath “I’ve never ruined so many shirts in so short a time.” and chuckled. His feet crunched the grass as he came closer to find Meeka standing near the bank and looking over the water. Cage never thought of the naked body as shameful or needed to be covered, especially when Meeka’s truly natural beauty fit properly with nature as a background. Birds began to sing their final songs of the day and staring, he couldn’t remember a time he had ever felt so at peace. She was so gentle and calm he realized she had forever made her way in his heart, but he truly regretted himself and knew she would find another and leave him like everyone he ever knew had done. But he enjoyed the view without allowing dark thoughts from ruining something so wonderful and beautiful.
When she turned around he came out of the reverie and handed over his pants and last remaining shirt, both being black as night. “Since your clothes are beyond repair, take mine. You might need to use your knife to cut them to size. My pants, as you can tell have become shorts.”
“Thank you.” She took the offer, laid out the material, removed her knife and began carefully cutting several inches off the pants legs and tried them on. She had to rely on her belt to hold them up. Although Cage has a narrow waist, as a tall man he was still slightly larger than she. Meeka heard the jingle of money from her and him to say “Good thing we keep our coins on our hip or otherwise I’d have hated to retrieve them out of the wyrms.”
Cage laughed at the thought. He pointed and said “Don’t bother to do an hour’s stance tonight because you’ve already had plenty of exercise. That tree is the biggest in the nearby area. Start climbing while I set up an early warning system.”
Meeka didn’t even ask what he meant and went to the large tree and began climbing while Cage untied the rope and made a thirty foot perimeter. The rope wasn’t long enough to completely encircle the tree, but the most likely access points were wrapped. He didn’t bother with traps since those wyrms wouldn’t be harmed so he stretched the rope and used sticks and loose stones to make a horrible, nail on chalkboard, screech if anything so much as touches the tight rope. For the places where the rope didn’t protect he gathered hundreds of dry twigs and laid them everywhere and added a spell to snap if any magic comes near them. It took almost nothing to set up such an easy spell, but it also meant he couldn’t do any more magic or risk undoing all he had set up. He had to have some warning should those creatures actually do magic, but back during the confrontation he just couldn’t remember if he felt anything. Even for him it was too much to understand.
By the time he finished organizing and kicked out the fire he looked up in surprise at what Meeka had done while he worked. About thirty feet up the tree she had taken several stiff branches and laid them between two sturdy limbs and made a triangular platform on which to rest on, but she also managed to spread out the bedroll. Her head peeked over an edge in pride and Cage yelled up “You are a genius, Woman.”
“You just realizing it now?” And they chuckled.
Cage climbed the tree with ease as he always had done as a child. There wasn’t a lot of room on which to sleep together on, but he came up and found it easily supported both of their combined weight with ease. The bedroll gave just enough cushion to make the knobby branches somewhat more comfortable. He said “We’ll sleep in shifts. I’ll stay awake till midnight while you keep alert till dawn.”
She curled up in a ball, but became surprised when he curled up behind her and pulled her flush against his front. She like how he draped a hand across her stomach and she felt much more at ease in his embrace. In moments she fell gratefully asleep, but dreamed a nightmare of being eaten.

When morning arrived Meeka rolled around, not having moved all night. She smiled as an idea arrived. She woke Cage by slowly kissing him. She tasted him again and couldn’t get enough of the sugary taste he kept from her. She wondered if all men tasted like sugar, but she stopped kissing him as he began to wake, not realizing what she did to rouse him from a deep slumber. “Morning, Handsome. Sleep well?”
Cage sat up and shook his head to clear away the sleep. She too sat up. “Did anything happen while I was out?”
“Once I heard the grunting of a boar that made your trap sound, but the startling noise frightened it away?”
“Really? Usually I’m such a light sleeper that even the little things wake me.”
“Well you did some serious magic yesterday. It was bound to take its toll.” She reminded with a smirk, but didn’t know why.
“Let’s see if my spells from earlier are still active…” He made an orb and a moment later came dozens of snapping sounds. “Interesting…”
“What do you mean?”
“I set hundreds of sticks to snap, but only several still retained the power with which to break. When I have time I’ll research why that is.”
Meeka climbed down first and allowed Cage to gather the bedroll and drop it down to her. By the time he reached the ground she already rolled it up and went off to relieve herself. He went the other way and did likewise. They ate. Before it came time for the usual session she had Cage make another French-braid again.
When it came time to spar, Meeka had truly meant her words earlier and fought to her hardest extent. It wasn’t anywhere near close enough to do him any form of harm, but each time she fell she got right back up. Cage openly congratulated her for being serious and how much control she exerted. “You are no longer a novice. You’re a beginner now. You’ve graduated a level.”
“What level are you?”
“Master. There are six levels. Novice, beginner, intermediate, expert, specialist and finally master. So far you are undoubtedly the fastest female under my tutelage to go from novice to beginner in so few days.”
She grinned wryly. “Well… I do have incentive.”
He laughed. “That you do. Right now we need to get going.”

An hour into the morning journey Cage saw Meeka have her lips in a pout. It was actually adorable so he asked “What is on your mind?”
Meeka looked up and grumbled “It’s all my fault.”
“What is?”
“Everything!” She shouted while throwing her arms up in the air, but kept walking. “I made us take the trail through the pass. I lost my horse! And I’m slowing us down. I’m sorry, I’ve done nothing but ruin this business you have in Vin’re. How many days do you have left to complete this transaction?”
“Nine days, but don’t take things so hard. You had no idea what awaited us back there. You had no control over those things. Knowing my luck, even if we took the other way around the mountains those wyrms would be waiting on us there too. I know you lost your horse, but you didn’t kill her, they did. Besides, I prefer to believe she unknowingly saved us by running into the trap those two younger ones set. She gave us enough time to get away and kill all three. Personally, I’d rather be alive and be slowed down than end up as a literal steaming pile of shit. Wouldn’t you agree?”
Meeka stayed quiet for a few moments before asking “Are you afraid of dying?”
“The old man had a saying I always got a laugh at. He was a rationalist like me and referred to Death as a metaphor, but he said this. Dying is inevitable and when it is your time Death will come to claim you. That doesn’t mean you can’t make the bastard work for it though.”
It took a moment for Meeka to understand, but once she did she finally began to laugh. Cage joined in and it helped further relieve the heartache.
Eventually Meeka said “If you want I can run at your side for a little while. I don’t have your endurance, but I can help shorten our time walking.”
“That is kind, but all the magic I did yesterday is still giving me a headache. I’d like to take it easy today and besides I don’t want you tired if we had to run again.”
When the conversation ended Cage could see she actually looked more relieved now that her burden came to an end.

After they took a break to eat and refresh by a stream both Cage and Meeka heard yelling in the distance. It was a kind of yelling Cage knew all too well. She asked “What is that?”
“Trouble.” He grabbed Meeka’s hand and half ran with her till she caught her strides. He looked over his shoulder to say “I want to see what is going on.”
“If someone is hurt, as a healer, I’m obliged to offer aid.” She said and ran just a little harder.
The two ran side by side down the gradually widening trail as the trees began to thin out. They began to run up a steep hill and Cage made her slow down, but he hadn’t noticed that she gripped her knife properly and mentally approved: Good girl! Sounds of a heated confrontation came just over the peak and she followed his lead when he crouched down.
Looking over the crest he noticed that at the base of the hill lay a grassy area with trees surrounding a small meadow. The sun hung high in the sky with sparse clouds. In the meadow stood ten armed men wearing dark, shabby clothing and had the look of ill intent from the way they moved. Five had crossbows pointed while the remaining drew swords. They all had cornered an older woman wearing a bright yellow robe and carried a walking stick. The whole scene stood not fifty yards away and without any wind they heard one of the men clearly demand “I said give me all your coins or we’ll take it off your corpse with any other valuables you have to offer.”
“Please just be on your way. We have no quarrel.” The woman said almost in a whisper to Cage’s ear. He had sharp eyes, ears and sense of smell, but he was still human.
“These are our lands. You don’t tell us what to do!”
“Cage, we have to help her.” Meeka whispered in his ear.
He shook his head. “Not we, me. You are not up for this just yet. I can do this. If any more come that I don’t see at the moment, whistle.” She nodded as he took off his pack and shouldered it herself.
Even thinking of another battle made Cage’s grin come to life. He silently stood, glad the bandits were all keeping their backs towards him and focused solely upon bullying the woman. He began to run just as a breeze made the grass ruffle, further covering any sounds his feet might make. Meeka stayed put, keeping an eye out for anyone else coming while also staring in amazement as he seemed to fly down the hill on long legs suited for speed while making practically no noise.
Not one of the ten even saw or heard him running right at them with an excited and expectant smile, but the woman noticed without being obvious since she faced his direction. She wondered what was happening, but didn’t move.
Cage felt an almost unnoticeable tingle of magic as his adrenaline clarified every sense and reactions, but couldn’t tell which direction or who such workings it emanated from. It was so little he didn’t worry.
Before any of them knew it, Cage reached the group unnoticed and caught the first guy by surprise by wrapping his arms around his head, and giving it an overextended turn, loudly breaking his neck. While he began to drop Cage picked up the crossbow and squeezed the simple trigger, launching the bolt right in the throat of the nearest other crossbowman. The guy’s gurgle and collapse made all attention shift away from the woman. Cage asked in a giddy voice “Hey guys! Want to play with me?” and before they had a chance to understand what happened Cage pulled a knife from the belt at the man by his feet. He then skillfully buried the blade in the eyeball to the hilt of the next closest man with a long sword gripped in his hand and dropped him like a sack of potatoes. All remaining crossbows turned on him, but not before he ran to a fourth target, one carrying a sword. Each one fired at him in confusion, but Cage pulled the man in front of him like a shield. All but one bolt made it into the bandit. One of the bolts slammed against Cage’s right shoulder, but didn’t do anything except sting slightly since his armguards protected him all the way to his shoulder. It wouldn’t have made the fight any easier with a bolt sticking out of his shoulder. Thankfully he didn’t need to concern over it since the armaments were part of him. The man he held crumpled as he died from two fatally hit areas. Friendly fire is no ones best friend, but it certainly helped because crossbows weren’t known for rapid fire.
Three swordsmen charged with a loud battle cry towards a new enemy. Cage laughed happily and ran at them as well, making two get a startled look. They all swung a second faster than the next, but not before Cage fearlessly grabbed the first sword and ripped it out of the man’s hands. He then sidestepped to grab the handle of his new weapon and spin while leaning down to slice the leg completely off the one it belonged to. He cried out and while falling, tripped up the next man. Cage tensed his legs and shifted back as the third swordsman swung down at him. A swipe from Cage’s borrowed sword nearly beheaded the man who missed. Before the one that had been tripped could recover Cage suddenly appeared and he leapt over them while swinging the sword, cutting the jugular of the recent amputee and burying the blade through the gut of the one struggling to untangle himself. It was an oddly executed maneuver that wrenched the sword out of his grip as it lodged itself in the abdomen of the man who would die slowly.
All that remained were the first swordsman and three frightened crossbowmen. The leader shouted “Reload while I take care of this trash!”
“You’re just making this more fun!” Cage said gleefully and charged right after the leader. The man did indeed have skills, but never expected an unarmed man to run right for him. He leveled the sword for a thrust, but Cage only pumped his legs harder. The man lunged towards Cage’s shirtless and exposed heart. Cage brought his right fist around and knocked the thrust aside with a few sparks as it made contact with the grinning skull gauntlet. The man had a foot firmly planted for another step to follow through, but Cage used his thigh for a platform and half leapt and twisted into a summersault while lacing his fingers together and putting the recess underneath the bandit’s chin. The flip ended and Cage’s feet landed solidly and his back pressed against his opponents. He leaned forward, jerking the bandit’s head back so violently it caused the base of the skull to detach and break the neck while also severing the spinal cord.
The tingling of magic increased in intensity and Cage’s grip released, making the leader fall, and turned himself to the remaining three loaded crossbows pointed right at him as an open target. Cage knew he didn’t have time to avoid or pick up the leader or another as another shield, but knew someone was working magic.
He knew he’d only survive if he managed to strike first.
An image of seeing them being thrown like he did to Tran popped in his head and in the same moment he yelled while sending out a wave-like force spell that slammed into the three as fast as a sniper’s bullet with a semi’s backing. The invisible wave shattered the aimed crossbows on impact and literally lifted the three and sent them over twenty feet to crash into three trees with enough force to be like falling from a twenty story building. Each died on impact. Two fell in lifeless heaps while one had been impaled on a broken branch and looked like a gruesome decoration.
Using such an immense spell turned his vision black and he fell face first into the ground.
A loud yowl of an enormous cat charged over and jumped on the shirtless man’s bare back and raised his paws to kill, but the woman commanded “Enough! Didn’t you see he came to my rescue and singlehandedly fought off all these bandits.” The cat turned its eyes on her and yowled again. “Yes, I saw his use of magic as well. If he were part of this band I’d let you do what you want, but his actions proved he means me no harm. Get off of him…”
“Cage!” Meeka shrieked when her racing mind slowed enough for her react.
The woman and cat turned towards the scream and saw a woman racing towards them. The cat looked back questioningly. “Let’s give her a chance. Come here so it doesn’t look like we mean our rescuer harm.” The cat got off, but the woman saw the young man’s back and drew her brow together in confusion.
Meeka, in her frightened worry, tripped over the body of a man with a sword in his gut as the last of his gurgling of blood suffocated him and quickly recovered. She held her knife out towards the two as she knelt at Cage’s side. He didn’t appear to have any new wounds in her quick scan. She felt for his pulse and the woman stated in a peaceful voice “He will be alright in time. He just did too much costly magic. Might I get the names of my rescuers?”
“I’m Meeka and this here is Cage. Are you sure he will recover?”
“With the short, but immensely powerful spell he did it is a likely assumption. By the way, my name is Megdline and this here is Frill.” She pointed down at her side. “I wish to give thanks for your assistance, Meeka.”
Meeka stood again and put her knife away when neither of the two made any threatening motions. “Megdline, I’m a healer by trade. Would you allow me to examine you for injuries these men might have done? Are you wounded?”
“I’m quite alright, Child. Those men couldn’t have hurt me if they tried. Now, might I ask what you and the young man are doing here? This isn’t a very kind place to travelers.”
“You don’t have to tell me. We almost died yesterday and yet Cage still fought, knowing full well how exhausted he is.”
Megdline held up a hand to ask in the first show of real surprise in quite awhile. “Wait, you mean to tell me he fought like that while not even at his best?”
“Yes. That is what I’m saying. He seemed a little slower than usual.”
“Very interesting…” Megdline began rubbing her chin and then Frill began yowling and making all kinds of feline noises. “Oh, Frill wants to know what trouble happened yesterday?”
Meeka turned around and pointed to the much smaller looking mountains. “We were attacked by wyrms. Cage slew them all…” Frill began meowing fast.
Megdline nodded. “I agree, we should wait and hear the whole tale… Yes, we will also see to it the boy wakes up…”
Cage’s mind returned to his control, but felt completely drained with a pounding headache that didn’t want to relent. He only had enough strength to roll on his back. His mind quickly returned and he sat up and looked around. “Meeka?” he asked as her form looked blurry.
All three gasped and stared at him sitting up so suddenly when he had been unconscious for about two minutes. Meeka rushed closer and wrapped her arms around him. The other two stared in denial. Megdline accused “You should not even be awake for several more hours.”
“Who?...” Meeka pointed and introduced “Cage, this is Megdline and Frill. She’s clearly a mage. I didn’t know from where I hid.”
Cage’s eyes slowly focused as he took in Megdline. She looked to be a woman in her mid forties to early fifties, but had short and striking jet black hair, grey eyes, and stood about five two with a sun-kissed tan. She still wore a bright yellow robe that wrapped around her slender form. Soft leather boots covered her feet. In her hands he originally suspected a walking stick as tall as she, but it was a staff engraved with small writing and set in the tip was a yellow crystal in the shape of a pyramid, but the size of her fist. But another look at the clarity made it out to be more like topaz, the biggest one he’d ever seen.
By her side stood the largest Maine Coon cat he had ever seen. It had dark, woodsy markings and gold eyes. Usually he saw them as gentle felines, but the one staring him down looked as mean and aggressive as a mountain lion. “Megdline, is that a Maine Coon?”
She gasped and glared at him. Cage then let out a disarming laugh as he dropped flat on his back when his head demanded he do it. “Great, it was you I felt the magic coming from. I thought one of those last three was the mage.”
The woman’s hostility abated as she noticed he wasn’t being malicious or joking. She asked in a dark tone “How do you know the ancient name of Frill’s breed?”
“Ancient? Sorry, but where I’m from that is what the breed is called. What do you call him here?” He closed his eyes while laying and catching his breath.
“A Meemthia is his breed’s common name. Where do you come from?”
“I’ll only tell you if you can answer my own questions. You’re the first living mage I’ve talked to and I need some answers… if you’re willing to help out?”
Frill began making birdlike sounds and it made Cage sit up abruptly to see an peculiar exchange. He knew of no cat who made sounds almost like they were speaking. “Can you understand him?”
Megdline and Frill turned to him. “Can you understand him?”
“No, but the way he’s glaring at me and at the speed and sounds he made makes me believe he isn’t normal.”
“That is because he is my Familiar.”
“Is that what you call a pet here?”
Frill yowled in anger and before anyone could react he pounced, knocking Cage flat on his back without trying. Definitely not a normal cat. He thought as his back pressed heavily in the ground. This thing feels like it weighs several hundred pounds. I can’t even breathe he’s so heavy. What the hell is it? His thoughts ended as the large breed feline pushed its pink nose against Cage’s while glaring and yowling in low warning.
“Frill says he will rip your throat out if you don’t show him some respect. He is no pet or normal cat. He is a Familiar, a mage’s companion and protector. He has magic as well and uses it for my protection. Do you understand the difference yet?”
When Cage’s face turned blue, Meeka had had enough and kicked Frill right in the ribs, but she would have a better chance kicking an immovable boulder. The cat didn’t look away from Cage, but its tail whipped in anger. Meeka yelled “Get off of him! How do you expect an answer if you suffocate him!?”
The cat heard and began to lose weight without moving off or looking away. Cage gasped greedily for air and coughed. Seeing actual intelligence in those angry gold eyes he took a chance. “Forgive my ignorance Frill. I didn’t mean disrespect, but where I’m from we don’t have Familiars or magic. If you explain this magic business I won’t disregard or refer to you ever again as a pet or housecat.”
Frill leaned away to give him a very humanlike expression like ‘Are you serious?’ while curling one lip to reveal sharp teeth.
Cage also turned his head to spot the woman. “Megdline, is there some kind of foolproof spell to tell you if a person is lying or not?” She nodded curiously to the pinned man. “Place one on me, for right now. It will be your proof I meant no harm in my words.”
He felt her magic rise and felt something odd move in him, like it wedged itself in his mind. “Now you cannot lie until I stop the spell. Can you feel it?”
“Yes.” He truthfully said and felt Frill sit on his stomach with a swishing tail that tickled. Cage looked right in Frill’s simmering eyes. “This is the truth, I’m not from here, but until you agree to my proposal to know where I’m from you will not learn it. What I will say is I’ve only been able to do magic for a few short months.” The cat’s eyes narrowed. “I’ve honestly been looking for a teacher to help make sure I don’t do magic that might kill me. I don’t know anything about Familiars. In fact I just learned what a wyrm is and we nearly died because I didn’t have any information on them. I don’t have them where I from. But I give my word, so long as you do not harm me I will do you and Megdline the same courtesy. Right now you hold all the cards, but I won’t go down easy. Believe me on that.
“I also hear dragons are real. Is that true?”
Frill turned and began cat-speaking to his partner. It lasted several minutes and Megdline’s expression turned inward as if considering. “I’d like to know what he meant as well. I’ll ask him. Cage, he says his best friends are dragons, but wishes to know a few things.”
“I’ll answer if he allows me to sit up.”
In answer, the cat jumped off and sat not a foot away in the tall grass. His golden eyes swept the area and he yowled. “Oh alright, fine.” His partner huffed as Cage sat up.
Megdline waved her staff as one would be wiping a window as she used magic. Cage and Meeka stayed still with wide eyes as the ground faintly trembled, but watched as all the dead bodies, even the one impaled on the tree fell, and blood seemed to sink beneath the grass like stones thrown in murky water. In a few seconds all evidence of the bandits were swallowed beneath the ground. Clouds began rolling in on a cool breeze and casted shade all around. It was as if nothing had ever happened here. Attention turned to the very dangerous feline with a calm yowl. “He says you may sit, Meeka, and will listen before acting rash himself. We are both very interested in this conversation and want to know everything you’re willing to part with.” Meeka slowly sat down beside Cage as they both understood they were at the mercy of this mage and familiar. Megdline came closer and sat down in the grass as well. “Now isn’t this a more comfortable place to speak without the dead to draw our mood down dark paths.”
“So what are these questions the cat… I mean Frill has?” Meeka asked.





Chapter 12

“Before we begin the Q&A, Meeka, break out the water. I’m parched.”
Meeka looked towards Cage and noticed his exhaustion as his breathing remained heavy. She remembered she didn’t leave the pack as it came off her shoulder. She handed over his half filled container, he took off the stopper and downed all that remained without taking a single breath till empty. He had sweat beading all over his flesh she noticed before the water container emptied and he let out a satisfied gust of air.
Everyone sat quietly and waited for him, but Cage noticed something nearby in the thick grass. “No way!” He then shakily managed to stand and stumble several feet to his left. His words put everyone on alert until he exclaimed “It is Miner’s lettuce!” He exclaimed and knelt down in a hidden patch. All of them watched him curiously as he swiftly picked hundreds of the three to four inch plants. It took a minute to collect two large handfuls before returning to sit at Meeka’s side. “Sorry about that. My stomach got the better of me and these are impossible for me to resist since I first tried them a few years ago. They aren’t very common where I lived or were easy to come by.” He popped one plant in his mouth and felt a burst of liquid and a hint of sweetness.
“How do you know such a plant isn’t poisonous?” Megdline wondered.
“If I don’t know about it I won’t eat it. Besides I know quite a lot about plants since they make up the bulk of my diet.”
“May I try one?” Meeka asked and received a few dozen of the soft plant life. She ate one and blinked in surprise. “They are good.”
“Once, they save me from dehydration.” He grinned and ate a few more.
It didn’t take long to consume all that had been collected, but the food and water lessened the headache and the accumulated exhaustion. Meeka still had some water remaining and she offered it to Megdline and Frill who both shook their heads, but Cage didn’t refuse and finished it off. He then said “Sorry for making you wait, but I needed it.”
“It is quite understandable. It might not have seemed like it before, but Frill and I are usually very patient. I wish we would have met differently, but today’s circumstances weren’t the best to be properly first introduced. It was not necessary for you to have intervened, but we are grateful. If it were a normal woman I would be most grateful for saving me.”
“I didn’t ask for you to be grateful.” Megdline smirked at such cheekiness.
“Why did you kill those men without hesitation? You didn’t give them a chance?”
Cage smiled while looking into her older, deep grey eyes. “Beside’s the fun? Hmm… because they had every sign that they were going to kill you regardless if you gave them your money. You saw them and they had the look of not wanting to be known by anyone. Men like those won’t be missed. My question, what spell were you about to use before I fired off one of my own?”
She smiled kindly. “I was simply trying to snap the string that held the bolt ready. Under such tension, I was trying to make the string snap and smack the men by their own weapons. It would have used far less power, so if it happens again, try to be more subtle. Now it is my turn. The bandits, what if they were good men and only down on their luck? What if they had families?”
“That is always the question ‘what if’ and the answer is simple. If they were good men they wouldn’t resort to thievery or coming after an old woman as a group. They should keep trying to pick themselves up, not bring others down. And as for their families, I really don’t care. They would be better off without them. If they were going to rob and kill you, what makes you think they don’t beat on their family as well if they can’t realize their own inadequacies.”
Megdline’s brow twitched as she considered his words and didn’t disagree with his logic. “Did you call me an old woman?”
He grinned. “Do you like granny better?”
Frill began to hiss a laugh till Megdline lightly smacked his furry side. “Don’t laugh. It isn’t funny.” Frill made the same noise, only louder. “You’re incorrigible.”
Cage looked to the feline. “Now, what questions did you have?”
His gold eyes turned to hers for translation. “He has three so I will ask in order. Fist you said you’ve done magic for only a few short months. How did you learn about such a gift?”
“The first time it occurred I didn’t realize what actually happened. I was having a hard time making a fire with flint. When I got angry and anxious I said a word and a large spark jumped from the rocks and into the bundle I made. I was so tired already and even the spark made me pass out for a few seconds. The next time it happened was awhile later and I almost impaled myself on a stick, but somehow I made it move and passed out again. I woke up later and said a few words just to make sure I wasn’t crazy and I did magic once more. When I realized I had magic I stopped doing it.”
“Why?” The older woman wondered.
“Because I felt too weak at the time and I had something else to do. About two months later I felt much stronger and the magic drain didn’t wear me out as fast. I began doing a few small things to get an idea and a handle on this new skill. Recently I learned I don’t need to say words to do magic.”
“Let me stop you right there. Cage, what you said is true for basic magic. That is because your thoughts don’t need to stray to accomplish a focused task, like manipulation. But for complex, and long spells you will need words and writing to structure and refine the specific quality of spells. For these complicated spells, words are needed so that a stray thought doesn’t corrupt what you desire. Some are so complex they take days or even weeks before a desired effect even shows signs of working. Don’t you know this?”
“No, I don’t. Everything I learned I’ve done by myself without guidance.”
Frill looked to her and meowed. “Right. He says I’ll explain, but wants his questions answered first. You made a phrase he is curious about. ‘First living mage.’ He wants to know if you’ve spoken to spirits or ghosts?”
Still feeling her wedge in his mind for the truth made it impossible to lie, but not as much he had to explain in detail. “Twice have spirits come to me.”
Megdline paled and leaned away while Frill stood and stood like a barrier between Cage and her and he felt magic at work and knew Frill was doing it. She asked “Are you a necromancer practitioner?”
“A what?” Cage tilted his head to the woman.
“You’re not lying… Let me ask this. What did you do to the spirits?”
“We talked. I never saw a spirit before and it scared me at first, but I never did anything to them. What is a necromancer practitioner?”
Frill relaxed when hearing this and meowed to her. “Yes, I’m still making him tell the truth. He truly doesn’t know about magic though he is a grown man and says he has just discovered magic all on his own… Cage, how did you summon the spirits?”
“That’s the thing, I didn’t. They came to me.”
“You must have quite the potential if spirits come seeking you and you can see them. If you want to know, a necromancer is a title for mages who forcibly summon, use or warp a person’s departed spirit for their own twisted ends. It is extremely rare for a spirit to visit someone and speak, but you say two have already visited? All reports say the spirits who visit were a mage at one time and can manipulate their spirit because they once had control of their magic and knew how to cast spells. I must know what they said and who they are.”
Cage shook his head. “The second spirit I believe wanted me to keep her identity secret and the first is too integrated in my story to reveal because of our agreement, Megdline.”
She laid her staff across her legs and crossed her arms to harrumph. Frill looked at her with impatient meaning and it made her sigh. “Frill’s last request is to taste your saliva.”
Cage leaned back in surprise and wasn’t even close to what the question might have been. It was so unorthodox and unexpected he couldn’t respond for a few seconds. “Why would he want to taste my saliva?”
“As a test.” She stated as if it should be obvious.
“For what? What would he learn by my saliva?”
Her grey eyes narrowed and his ears flicked. “After he decides, I’ll explain. What does it matter what he does with it? You’ll always make more and is completely painless.”
Quickly he thought and came up with “For all I know you can somehow use the DNA in my saliva to use magic against me in some way I don’t yet know about. Perhaps you can locate me or use it to create something to kill me in my own ignorance. I don’t know either of you so how can I trust you aren’t going to trick me or do something harmful.”
“Are you sure you’re a novice of magic? You seem to know more than you let on.”
“Just because I’m new to all this doesn’t mean I don’t know how to think of different possibilities or methods that magic might be used against me.”
Megdline pondered many things about the truly odd person she sat before and knew out of all she had ever met she had never come across someone even close to him. After a few silent minutes of deliberation she placed her hands together and said “Cage, I’m about to do a word and mind binding spell for only this situation. The way it works is thus, I will set conditions upon myself that will allow you to be aware should I break my vow. You will feel my magic as I believe you are capable of sensing and will also have all of your thoughts turn to me. You will then know I am not to be trusted and should get on your guard for any likely encounters I might be forced to send against you. I too do not know you, but as a show of good faith I’ll do this since you are an intriguing individual.
“First and foremost I and Frill vow to never use your saliva in any way to do you or anyone near your heart any harm. And secondly I will see to it you have a proper teacher of good standing to make sure you are taught correctly so that you do not make a mistake that could cost unintentional lives because of honest and innocent ignorance. Will you agree to these binding vows?”
“I do.” As he said that he watched as a golden light surrounded her hands.
She pulled her hands apart to say “To finalize the spell we must put our hands together.” She held her hands out and he reached over Frill to press his open palms with her smaller hands. The golden glow spread from her hands and encompassed his. His hands grew warm for but a moment before the glow vanished. She took her hands away and began stroking Frill’s thick and soft coat.
He pulled his hands back to look at them, finding nothing had really happened except a weak feeling that buried itself deep in the back of his mind that reinforced she meant what she said. A small touch of her magic also implanted itself to make the other aspect of her spell warn him if any treachery came from her.
In response to the spell that they wouldn’t harm him, Cage put a finger in his mouth and held it out. Frill pulled away from being petted and used his rough, cat tongue to lick the moistened finger. He immediately shook from his whiskers to tail and it made all the hair on his body stand on end. His gold eyes flew wide, as if shocked.
“Uh…” Was all Cage could say from such a strange reaction.
Frill looked back and began chatting like a bird quickly and Megdline looked down with confusion. She cautiously met Cage’s own confused expression. “May I have a taste myself?”
He dipped his finger again and offered it. She leaned forward and stuck out her own tongue to taste and the moment his saliva hit her taste buds her eyes flew open. She pulled away and shook her head to say “Whoa…”
“It’s very sweet isn’t it? Like pure sugar.” Meeka commented with a rosy smile as she felt a sense of satisfaction in their reactions.
Megdline stared in shock at the young man, the woman then to Frill as he too stared, but only at Cage. She looked to the woman and commanded. “Let me taste yours as well.”
Meeka’s smile vanished, but she did so and the woman licked the tip of her finger as well, but didn’t react half as much. Frill began speaking to gain her attention, but she shot him a withering look that made him go silent.
The group waited silently for ten agonizing minutes. Each one tried to coax her into talking, but her look said she’d talk once she finished thinking. She then gave Cage a hard look, but one that had a small bit of fear and curiosity hidden beneath. “The closest I’ve tasted is husband’s. Such pure mana…”
“I’ve heard the spirits say that word before. What does it mean?” He asked.
“Cage, allow me to explain something first. You want to know what magic is correct?” He nodded and didn’t interrupt. “First you must understand that I have never heard of a full grown man using magic on his own in adulthood because mages are almost always discovered as small children who can do things that commoners cannot, like making light when they are scared of the dark or breaking things several feet away in a tantrum. The oldest child-mage to be taught magic was thirteen. That is what I can remember at least. The first thing a child learns is what magic means.
“Magic is true understanding and the application through use of mana. Mana is the innate power that fuels magic. The mind shapes the fuel to do the desired effect. All living things have mana, but for some, their mana is too weak to ever do even the simplest of spells, without outside help. For Frill and I it is also a never ending subject, for the only end to magic is the imagination of the individual. Spells range in mana requirements compared with the result and distance of the target of said spell. And a person’s quality of mana can be tested by taste. The sweeter the taste, the higher quality of a person’s mana which also means the greater potential for stronger magics the individual can sustain or create.”
“So you are saying I have this mana stuff inside me and it has made my saliva sweet?”
“That is exactly what I’m saying.” She declared in a monotone.
“Thank goodness. After what Meeka said I grew worried I somehow became a diabetic and my natural insulin had made my spit sweeter. I’d hate to be here if that were the case.”
Meeka looked to him with anxiety, but before she could ask Megdline spoke. “What do you mean? And where did you learn of the substance that keeps our blood sugar in check?”
He smiled. “In a minute, I still have a few more questions.”
“Ask quickly. I haven’t been this impatient since I was first taught magic with 
Frill as a kitten.”
“Where does this mana come from and what is it made of? Don’t be afraid to use jargon if you need to.”
She nodded and her short black hair blew around from a breeze. “Mana isn’t made or can be seen. Like the wind, it cannot be seen, but its effects are shown by trees and grass. It can be harnessed like the windmill does with the wind. It is a part of life and the driving force we use to survive by.”
“But if that is true, why do we have bio-electricity?”
Megdline began to stare again as he said another unexpected word she hadn’t heard in many years. “What do you know of this?”
“Bio-electricity is a chemical reaction derived from our cells communicating with each other. It is fueled by the foods we eat and sustained by what we drink. It also survives by the air we breathe which is made of a combination of oxygen, nitrogen and other life giving elements. Our nerves send signals to our brain which gives us awareness and our brain sends signals through the chemical exchange that allows us to make our bodies move as we please. Our minds work by our awareness, subconscious or involuntary nerves. Our hearts beat on their own whether we will them to or not. It is an automatic aspect our mind tells the muscle to keep beating or if our body is craving more oxygen, to beat faster so the air we breathe can circulate through our starving cells.
“But to my knowledge we have nothing in our bodies called Mana.”
Meeka looked to the woman. “Did you understand anything of what he just said?”
She swallowed dryly. “Indeed I do and my truth spell is still effecting him. He has knowledge he should not have from our lands. I now believe he knows more than even I do about the subject of human anatomy. He probably knows more healing methods than any non-mage healer as well.” Cage simply grinned.
“My mother said something quite similar, but if you believe him I won’t be any more skeptical.”
“I’ll see if I’m not wrong. Cage, when I say a word, point somewhere on your body nearest to the spot. Diaphragm?” Cage drew an outline just beneath his ribcage in the same pattern as the muscle. “Pancreas? Kidney?”
“Right or left?”
“Left.” He leaned down and pointed. “How many chambers in the heart?” He replied ‘four.’ “Cerebrum? Scapula? Femur?” She named a dozen more places and got nothing wrong. “It is true he know exactly what he is talking about.”
“Now about mana, where does it come from? We don’t have it back where I’m from.”
“I cannot say because I do not know myself. It is just as part of our life force just as the biological parts.”
“If that is true, can I die if I do a spell which is too taxing?”
“Yes and no. Since your mana is tied to you alone it will do as you will, just like walking. The more mana you exert the more fatigued you become, but so long as you are in control of a spell, you will not die. When you do too much or use too much of your inner strength, another term for mana, you will become unconscious like you did earlier and awaken when your mana recovers enough to wake.” Before he could smile at such wonderful news she added “But you can die if someone links a spell of their own to you. It will drain you of all your life whether you are aware or not so be extremely careful. The best thing to do is to somehow unhook the spell with one of your own and get closer so the drain isn’t sucking you from further away. Remember, distance and drain go hand in hand.”
Cage filed that away in a priority memory to never forget. He then asked “About my mana you tasted, what was wrong with it to make both you and Frill so anxious and worried?”
Frill gave her a serious nod and Cage knew the Familiar might not speak coherently for others, but he fully understood everything that went on. She said “Neither of us have tasted mana so potently sweet before. It was like licking raw, undiluted sugar.”
“And that means?” He coaxed while not trying to anger either.
“It means that your potential is of equal or greater quality than a first class sorcerer.” Meeka gasped and looked to Cage in a whole new light.
“If it isn’t impolite, what might you be?”
“I am a second class sorceress. And for all mages we are distinguished by our skill. We mages usually tell others of our class, especially to warn off would be thieves or lesser spell casters who wish to overstep their class. You do not need to worry about lying about your class because a harmless spell is placed on all child-mages that prevent us from saying our class isn’t what we say it is.”
“So I can say I’m a third class wizard, but you can’t?”
“Since you were able to say that as a question with my lying spell, you weren’t spelled against saying that. You are one intriguing individual… Hold on! How do you know of mage classes?” She looked to Meeka who shook her head.
“As part of a bargain, a spirit explained the seven levels from magician to first class sorcerer or sorceress. But she didn’t tell me my class, but inferred I was quite powerful.”
Meeka laid a hand on his arm. “When was this? You told me about the first spirit, but what happened with the second.”
He stared into her warm blue eyes. “It was right after we almost went too far together and I ran out. It happened as I swam in the lake where we first met.”
Before she could respond, Megdline asked “Do you have any more questions before you reveal where it is you came from?”
“You said magic is understanding? What kinds of things must I avoid or will kill me if I tried because of my own knowledge? I get the feeling it might take some time for you to find me a tutor who can explain the do’s and don’ts and I don’t have time to wait since I’m busy at the moment.”
“You are quite right. First class sorcerers are the only ones who decide what teachers get which student to train. In this, it might take more time than usual since there are few of the first class that can possibly teach one with your quality of mana. Especially since you are already an adult with vast knowledge already at your disposal. Your mana recovery rate is also impressive.”
“It doesn’t feel like it to me?” he said while rubbing his eye and yawning.
“Believe me when I say this. A person already worn out of mana and not of the first or second sorcerer class and did what you did will take no less than eight hours to even open their eyes. A magician would have killed themselves with the display you didn’t hesitate to use. With practice, you will most likely get stronger.
“As to your request, it would take years to explain all the hazards magic is capable of to the wielder. I must ask you never become a necromancer because it is the most frowned upon, and for the weak minded, impossible to resist once you do it a few times. They turn spirits into cruel and twisted ghosts who can possess those without magical protection. It is a cruel and insufferable practice…”
Coldly, Cage stated “Don’t worry about that. The dead should be at peace and if I ever come across a necromancer, only one of us will walk away. What else?”
“Until your more confident in the infinite ways to use magic, I would caution against manipulating life of any kind. Some mages become addicted to manipulating their own bodies to make unintended alterations to themselves. Do not even try any form of time travel because it is impossible for practicality. Theory states it would take all of the universe’s mana to even send a flea one second back in time. That being said the universe would die, but it still wouldn’t work since no one can harness the universe’s infinite amount of mana. All who have tried, died. It would behoove you to also not attempt giving or breaking a gift or curse on another because most mages who try, end up dying because a deeper spell within the gift will attack the one who attempts. Most times a deep spell links to the person and drains their mana like I explained to you before and turns the person into a husk. Only do something if you know exactly what it is you are doing, everything about the target magic and how to live through it…” She saw Cage and Meeka shared a sad look. “What is it?”
Meeka answered. “A curse was placed on me when I was but a year old.”
Megdline’s expression reddened slightly, but her tone remained the same. “Who did that to you child? And what is this curse?”
“My parents know, but I think magic is involved because they cannot speak of it at all. And as for my curse, anytime someone touches their flesh to my lips I freeze them. I have no control over it.”
“Poor child… that means you can never…”
Meeka shook her head as she smiled. “Actually there is a way because Cage is the first to survive.”
“Tell me how it is you survived the un-survivable? Many years ago a sorcerer returned to Twilight and told us of a baby, who I assume is you, and for several months hundreds of mages, including myself, went through our entire archive, but still could not even find a reference to such a cruel spell. It must have been beyond ancient or something never before seen. Please tell me.”
“I can say it nearly killed me and took several days to even wake up. But this is what I did.” He explained it and both mage and Familiar gained thoughtful looks as he explained. He ended saying “I was desperate and had to try something.”
Megdline said “You must indeed have great strength to feel every cell and set them on fire just to combat the ice. It took me fifty two years to be capable of such delicate work.”
“But you barely look that old.” He commented and she laughed.
Meeka quickly said “Cage, don’t let someone’s looks fool you. Mages are known for being long lived. You cannot tell if they are fifty or three thousand.”
“Really?” He gained a thoughtful look of his own. “Does that mean you slow down cellular division?”
The woman shook her head. “Your knowledge is frightening, but on this I can say no. It takes years to feel out every cell and cast a complex spell to prevent cellular degradation. And the stronger the person’s mana the longer a person might live. Sorcerers and sorceresses tend to live far longer than usual because of the quality of our mana. And don’t even try to guess my age. A woman never reveals all her secrets.” She laughed lightly. “Now may I witness your proof that her spell can no longer harm you?”
He leaned over and Meeka gladly kissed his cheek. Megdline felt the tingle of magic rise slightly and used her own to sense what is occurring. By the time Meeka pulled away the older mage said “Remarkable. It’s not really that your curse can’t activate, it already has, but it cannot find a hold on him… like trying to walk on an oiled marble floor. I thought it was a spell than cannot work twice on the same person, but it cannot figure a way to insert itself in his mana.”
“Like building an immunity against a disease?” Cage wondered.
“That is a better analogy. Yes, her curse feeds on mana like a disease and changes it to ice, but since you actually survived your mana remembers that magic and resists it without trying. It is strange, but unlike immunity to a virus or bacteria, even in your weakened mana’s condition it repels her curse completely. If it were your constitution and you were weakened, a disease would find a hold. I cannot see her lips ever harming you.”
“That I already knew, but it feels good that someone can help put it in words.”
“I have a question?” Meeka asked and heard Frill actually sigh and shake his furry head.
“What is it?” Megdline asked kindly.
“Well… you tasted my saliva and I wanted to know what you discovered.”
“Ah, well that I was more ready for.” She chuckled. “I was glad you were here because I was afraid my senses might have been off like Frill’s. Your mana has a delicate sweetness like a magician’s should. And as I can surmise from reports years ago, you become unconscious because only a tiny portion of your mana remains to keep you alive. That curse is nasty when on the receiving end and is more complex than anything I’ve tried to break myself. But the amount of inner strength left behind, after activation, also makes you fast to recover since the spell is all consuming of your strength. How long does it take to recover now that you’re grown?”
“About fifteen or so minutes.”
“Sounds right.” She then moved her grey eyes between the good looking couple. “Now no more questions till I hear where you come from.”
“I have one left before I explain.” Cage calmly interjected. “Can you make an illusion showing all the planets of this solar system?”
“I can, but how is it important?”
“Show me yours and I’ll show you mine.”
“You’re saying you come from another world!?” She asked breathlessly.
“I am.” He answered truthfully and she knew then why he had been so determined to have his questions asked first. She understood he was manipulating and setting her up to actually believe him at this time. Megdline knew she would have scoffed if he said it outright at the beginning, but after speaking and learning what he knew she believed.
Megdline didn’t wait long to learn more about this individual. She grabbed her staff and opened her other hand and brought forth an image she learned so long ago.
Centered around a single sun were several planets within a two foot diameter. Cage stood on his knees to look down at the illusion of this different solar system. He then began speaking, but to himself as he studied the almost alive representation. “One white star, but looks yellow because of the atmosphere… one, two, three… eleven planets. One large gas giant between here and the outer asteroid belt to keep this planet well protected from asteroids and meteors like Jupiter. This planet is fourth from the star and looks a lot like my world except the landmasses are all wrong and the moon is closer, but of same size to take any deadly space shrapnel that might be deadly here otherwise. Between this world and the gas giant is a planet like Saturn, but has two rings… the remaining five are smaller and one seems made of ice like Neptune… hmm this system is different, but not by very much.” He leaned back after memorizing everything. “How many days does it take for one full year’s revolution? Hours in a day?”
She stopped the magic to explain. “Three hundred and sixty eight days make up a year and each day is twenty three hours fifty eight minutes and fifty nine seconds if you want to be accurate. We say twenty four to keep the numbers even. Every one hundred and seventeen years we have New Day to make up for the time we overlook every day.
“Thank you for that, Granny. Now I don’t feel so lost. And as promised…”
Cage stretched out his palm like she had and remembered his teachings in astronomy. He remembered a computerized 3D image and used it to form the illusion and have the planets rotate in elapsed time, but in an accurate way. He surprised himself as the illusion looked more perfect and lifelike than what he figured. All of the moons even circled their planets properly and precisely. Megdline let the comment slide as she and Frill both came closer for a better look. Cage lowered his hand to the ground for Frill to not need to stretch his neck. Even Meeka crawled over and stared, but not with half the intensity as the other mage and familiar. He then kept his left hand still as he pointed with his right. “Our stars or suns are actually very similar if not identical. These two small planets are Mercury and Venus. This is my world we’ll come back to. Behind it is Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Neptune, Uranus and Pluto. But recently Pluto has been demoted. Let me know when you’ve seen enough.”
Meeka simply stared, but the other two were looking for any irregularities that might be false. Everything to them wasn’t some imagination or idea. The illusion was far too realistic and complex. Eventually the older woman said she had seen plenty and wished for a larger view of his planet. He made everything else disappear except his planet. “This is where I’m from. We call the planet, Earth.”
Three sets of eyes turn to him and begin laughing or purring in a humorous way. “Did I say something funny?”
Meeka said “Your planet is another name for Dirt? Planet Dirt? Here that is considered funny!”
“Why?”
Megdline caught her breath and tried speaking, but couldn’t stop laughing and it made the others begin again. “We’re sorry, but to call a whole planet Earth is just redundant. This world is called Raliea. Meaning birthplace of man in Draconian. Couldn’t your people have given it a new name, one with a nice sound?”
“That is just the way things are. There are so many languages there and so many bullheaded people it would be impossible to make a proper agreement to change something so simple as a name.” They quieted down and he made Earth the size of a beach ball that spun slowly on its tilted access. He began pointing out different places and stopped the rotation and zoomed in on Florida, but couldn’t make it get any closer to show city streets and whatnot. “This is where I’m from, but I cannot hold the image for any longer since my mana supply isn’t full yet.” He made the image vanish. “Three hundred and sixty five days and a quarter make up our year. Twenty four hours make up a day and every four years we have Leap Year to also have a day like your New Day.”
“That was a remarkable conjuring.” The woman commented.
“A what?”
“Conjuring. It is the use of magic to make something from nothing. It might have been an illusion, but it was greatly detailed. Only a sharp mind could have done as you just demonstrated. I am still curious about your world not having magic when the other confirmed worlds with life do. Your world must be further away than any we’ve encountered through our use of magic.”
“Back on Earth, magic is nothing more than a myth or something unexplainable happening. Religion is finally being picked apart though many foolishly believe in a deity. We don’t have magic, but we do have science. Knowledge is available to all if someone wants to seek it. In the past two centuries humans have gained more knowledge than in any other time period and is becoming smarter thanks to the ease and sophistication of technology. Yes, there are some things kept private to protect certain things, but overall knowledge can be gained quite easily these days. We know how to cure many diseases and have killed off several strains of viruses. We inoculate to keep from getting deathly sick or immunize to protect from crippling diseases and can save many lives from once thought mortal wounds.”
Meeka sat much closer to Megdline and Frill as they listened openly as he started his life story all over again and paused to described things. To them it was like hearing a children’s tale, but as he spoke they realized just how real Earth and her peoples are. Frill wanted to hear more about technology, But Cage knew if even half of his military or mechanical knowledge were to become known this peaceful and quaint world would become just like the hellhole he left far behind. He was polite in saying “My knowledge would only bring ruin to this world.”
Megdline replied “Isn’t sharing knowledge something all should know?”
He shook his head. “If that is true, why does this magical world hold things like anatomy like a guarded secret. Your knowledge of the healing arts are far more than Meeka’s and it isn’t even your specialty while it is hers. Don’t preach to me about hording knowledge when this land can’t even reconnect a severed limb without the help of a mage from what I’ve been told. I will freely give out medical knowhow and the cures I know about and even treatment options not of magical nature, but technology, military tactics and weapon knowledge will never part from these lips. My world is slowly dying because of foolish mistakes and people who don’t want to change or clean up their own mess. I’ll not see this place become a coffin for life. I’ve already fallen in love with this world, the good and the bad. And I don’t care if the whole magic nation turns against me for keeping my knowledge because I have a good damn reason for it. You can believe me or not, I don’t care, but never try to make me talk because I’d rather die than have thousands upon thousands to billions die because of what I know. There might be a magic way to get me to talk, but whoever tries will either have to kill me or die in the attempt. Am I understood?”
Megdline knew she was more skilled and even Frill could kill him at the moment, but she knew he meant every word and would be a dangerous enemy if she fought him at his best. She also knew he wasn’t rebuking her, but the system other mages have created. Meeka smiled at his overwhelming confidence.
When the older woman spoke she understood he didn’t seem to be angry, simply stating a personal fact. “If there is no magic in your world, who summoned you here?”
Cage smiled as he made a fist and turned the grinning skulls in their direction. “These brought me here and healed me so I could walk again, but this part comes later in the story. Let me get back to after I wound up paralyzed…” Like he did for Meeka, he explained his need to exact justice outside the law since even if he went public it wouldn’t have made any difference. Megdline began to understand why Cage is the way he is and was beyond surprised he never gave up fighting against what the world had done to him. He got to the part of being taken from Earth and transported here and had been healed, but only of scars and damaged tissues, not atrophied muscles. She only made him pause two times to get clarification on certain things. He told of his first encounter with wolves and showed the nearly noticeable scars on his left shoulder. They sat with rapt attention and Meeka listened just as intently as the first time, but without any skepticism. When he got to the part of nearly being impaled he said “When I realized magic is real I felt a strange tingle on my back and made mirrors to see why I felt something that I never sensed before. As I looked I found this symbol on my back.”
He turned around to show off his mark. “I never had a tattoo in my life before coming here to Raliea. Do you know why that is?”
Frill began chatting and his partner translated. “He wants to know if you know what the loop signifies.”
“Where I’m from, it is the symbol of infinity. There is no end or beginning, just a never ending cycle.”
“He says very good and it is the same here as well. Cage, the symbol on your back signifies you as a mage. Nearly all markings are centered on the back. Look at the tiny freckle-like dot at the corner of Meeka’s mouth.” Meeka blinked before touching the only freckle on her flawless face. “Since the mark on her is so small and doesn’t have a distinctive shape because it was placed upon her. Real mages are marked by whatever happened in their life. It is a unique marking for the individual and the larger it is the more mana they seem to have. It is similar to tasting the quality of mana, but as the mark grows it showed the strength of the person. Right now yours is the size of a second class wizards, but in time it will grow and be displayed as to how dangerous you really are. Meeka’s I’m afraid, will never grow since she cannot control her mana because of the curse.”
Meeka asked “What does your mark look like?”
Megdline stood and turned her back to everyone. She loosened her robe and made the upper half fall down her shoulders, revealing a golden cat with flaming eyes standing dominantly on her entire back. It looked just like Frill, but colored all gold. The image was stoic and calm of expression. When she moved her arms the ears over the shoulder blades almost made the image look alive. “Frill and I have been together since I was a child and he a kitten. My life revolves around him and as proof my mark grew to a stunning likeness of him. Most mage familiars have that effect on their partner.” She then covered herself and returned to her earlier position. “Continue.”
In a few minutes he said “When I felt physically strong and knew a few spells I returned as the draw grew all consuming back to the waterfall and found a cave. I followed it and came upon a simple, but amazing cavern made perfectly symmetrical. In the middle of the room stood two pedestals. One held a huge crystal for some reason and beside that one swam these.” He showed his arms and odd boots. “Not long after is when I met my first spirit. He began speaking, but I could not understand him. Using a simple communication method he had me put on these strange gauntlets and boots. They had the weirdest feeling like fine silk and soft flesh. Well I put them on and when each were attached I felt an intense pain and burning that felt to have lasted hours, but only a few seconds passed. Then I could suddenly understand what the spirit said. He explained that the gauntlets and boots were now forever part of me and that they altered my mind to speak the language I’m speaking in. It sounds English to me, but without these I probably wouldn’t be able to speak to you as I am now.”
“The spells you speak of are far more complex than I’ve ever attempted. To know an entire language in so brief a moment, to heal and even summon you are beyond anything I’ve ever known. Do you mind if I try a spell to see how the gauntlets adhere to your skin.”
“Be my guest.” The woman began speaking under her breath as she worked magic and concluded her judgment in a minute’s time. “I went a little further in my search than I intended for simple curiosity. I learned that your gauntlets truly are your skin and behave exactly the same. It is harder than any metal I can think of and if it somehow gets cut it will heal just like skin would without any adverse effects. I’ve never heard of such magic. Also I learned your physiology is exactly as human as we are, but I don’t understand why because different planets evolve different species that wouldn’t have anything common with a different world. This situation is quite puzzling. There are so many things that are inconsistent, but you are living proof of another human evolution grown on a different planet… I won’t ask about the second spirit, but this first one seemed to know all about your armguards. Was he the creator? May I know his name?”
“Yes, and yes. He didn’t give me the sense he didn’t want his name known. He was quite proud the gauntlets selected me after several thousand long years. He said his name was Ceembura, first class sorcerer.”
“I’ve never heard of him in my studies, but it makes sense. Only a sorcerer of the highest order could have made such complex creations and designed spells that survived for thousands of years.”
“You would know better than I. Before he disappeared he said the island belonged to him and as the inheritor of these gauntlets I now own the island.”
“And which island might this be?”
Cage took out the map and pointed to say “This is my island. Cage Island.”
Megdline became serious. “You came from here?” He nodded. “How? That island it completely forbidden and a deathtrap for anything trying to approach. There is even a story of a dragon dying just trying to land on it…”
“Think about it if you were in Ceembura’s mind. You just made your final, greatest masterpiece and needed to hide it until they found a wieldier. Wouldn’t you set up measures to safeguard such a treasure from the unworthy. That island naturally is a deathtrap for any boat trying to make land. I wouldn’t doubt there would be ways to protect it from intruders from above. The immense amount of power the crystal gave off leads me to believe it protected that whole island from unwanted intruders.”
There came a lull in the conversation till Megdline saw a twinkle reflect off one of the skull’s eyes. It got her attention. “Cage, did that Ceembura tell you what those eyes were made from? Crystal or some form of it?”
“He said they were black diamonds, why?”
She gasped slightly and asked “May I take a closer look?”
“Sure, but know they are just as attached to me as the gauntlets themselves.”
Cage offered his right hand and she took it to look much more closely, then shut her eyes while using magic. “They’re real…” She said breathlessly. “Four actual, flawless black diamonds… empty, but untouched…” She let go. “Cage, those have to be the most valuable gems in the whole world. I’ve never seen a black diamond any larger than a half of a grain of rice… yet here you have four greater than anything I ever dreamed of viewing. It would be in your interest to not tell others about these gems. They have more value than you know.”
“Point taken. The last thing I need is for thieves and robbers coming after me because of my arms.”
“See to it. Now finish this tale.”
For the next two hours he retold the entire story, but didn’t say he shattered the crystal because he wanted others to think it was still dangerous to get near and only he knew how to get on and off safely. Meeka spoke a few times to add her personal perspective in the progressing story. Eventually they reached the part about the wyrm attack and this made Frill the most interested while Meeka shuddered a few times. “And that brings us to the here and now. You can remove the truth spell now.”
She obliged with a kind, motherly smile as the pressure disappeared and he sighed. Frill began to speak and everyone sat silently. “That would be most wise, My Friend. Cage, Meeka, he says you have a wonderful way of telling a story and engaging us and hopes your journey is less adventurous than recently and we agree to give payment for such an unforgettable meeting and lesson.”
She turned to Meeka who shook her head. “I don’t really need anything.”
Megdline turned to Cage. He knew what he lacked more than anyone else and knew if he kept making the same mistakes it wouldn’t be long before one becomes fatal. “Actually I need two things after meeting you. Is it alright if I can get two?”
Frill nodded and licked his paw unconcerned. Megdline said “Since Meeka doesn’t want anything I don’t see why not. What are they?”
He crossed his arms to think of how he needs to word his requests. “I know magic can heal, because I can walk again. What I need to learn is how to do it myself. It might save my life or someone else’s. I need to do it without making a mistake because I’m so new to all this. I know all about the body, but what if I try healing a simple cut and it makes things worse.”
“Cage, Cage, Cage…” She shook her head of short and straight black hair. “Healing is one of the first things children are taught. Even without all of your book knowledge, your body naturally heals all wounds unless it is too much to handle and you die. You so easily conjured your solar system which proves you have tremendous focus. Healing is far easier than that, but it takes slightly more mana. Just picture the wound closing and if you are really unused to it say ‘Heal’ or if you are really trying something complex, word it like this if a person has cancer or a tumor ‘Break down the cells of the ones who are causing harm to the bodily system and extract the particles to be sweat out.’ Healing is quite easy, it will be for you too with your pure mana.”
“What about severed limbs? Could I grow something that had been cut off?”
“Yes, but it will shorten a non-mage’s lifespan because of the rapid cell division. It would be much wiser to find the limb, and if is still in good condition, reattach them as if nothing happened. Many years ago it happened to me and I put my leg back on and couldn’t feel any difference. But do not heal yourself if you catch a cold unless you fear it might claim you. Allow your body to fight it naturally so it doesn’t weaken. Go ahead and heal that cut on your cheek.”
He felt better after the several hours of rest and conversation to conjure a mirror to see what he was doing. Cage concentrated on the semi-deep cut and said “Heal.” A soft blue light covered the wound like an outstretched caterpillar. An intense itch was hard to resist scratching and when the magic ran its course the line of blue disappeared to reveal a thin pink line of new skin that hadn’t tanned. He felt the spot and grinned as nothing felt wrong. Everything worked right, the first time. “Oh this is SWEET!”
The three also smiled in his successful excitement.
“And what is this second request?”
He set his eyes of Frill. “I do not enjoy passing out every time I overdo magic. It leaves me vulnerable to an attack I wouldn’t be capable of defending against. Frill, you are one dangerous puss.” The large cat barred his teeth in a grin. “I didn’t even consider you a real threat till you knocked me on my ass and didn’t let me breathe. I don’t know what else you are capable of, but I need a familiar who can watch my back like you do for, Granny. Where can I find one for myself? Do men even have familiars?”
Frill dipped his head in a serious look. Megdline cleared her throat, not liking his nickname for her, but not scolding him. “Yes, men have Familiars. And you just stated the primary reason we mages require familiars. In most unfortunate situations where a mage has to use magic offensively their Familiar gives them the time needed to cast. Familiar magic also has limits for they can only advance their natural talents. Frill’s strength increases with weight, as do most Familiars. In a magical battle between two or more mages their Familiar fights other Familiars while their partner keeps their focus on the enemy.”
“Do Familiars die?”
“Good question, but no. Not unless their Summoner dies. Familiars are animals, just as we humans are, but when a mage summons their life companion a bond is made linking the life of the caster to the Familiar. So long as the mage lives, the Familiar can be squished flat, roasted to ash or pulled limb from limb. The mage sends mana to their Familiar and the creature heals without any damage. Usually when Frill fights a battle I know he cannot win, I dull his pain receptors so he doesn’t feel so much pain it breaks my heart.” Frill sighed and looked up at her to speak. “I am not making it sound like it happens often. I had to do it only thrice and you know why I did it. Would you have I rather let you feel all that pain to protect your pride?” Frill batted his paw dismissively. “Yeah, I thought you’d remember those times.” She looked back up. “Sorry about that… Where was I again? Oh right Familiars… only you will be able to usually understand them, unless you are a second class sorcerer or above. Some of the more powerful Familiars can speak human language. And the last things you need to know is their powers vary little, like Frill they have increased speed and strength. The being reflect their owners and you don’t just find a Familiar. You summon them. You only get one that will be yours for as long as you live. Even if you are separated by vast distances and you need them you can summon them whenever you want. It is quite rare for mage and Familiar to part company for long though they are connected forevermore.”
“It makes me want to have one too.” Meeka said.
“Sorry child, but no commoner or magician to my knowledge can summon their Familiar.”
“Oh.” She looked down in embarrassment.
“How do I go about summoning my Familiar?” Cage asked to end the silence.
“You must think the word Familiar while making a chant. It is a momentous time in all a mage’s life to get a being that will be theirs forever. The chant is the call to the being that responds to the words and accepts the mage’s life force to replace their own for immortality as the cost of protecting the summoner from all who would dare do harm. You cannot think the words for summoning. It has to come from the depths of your heart. Cage, still your mind and search for the chant woven into you for the one being destined to be yours.”
All sounds seemed to go dead silent as he closed his eyes and took up a meditative sitting position with crossed legs, his hands open and the backs resting comfortably on his knees. It had been weeks since he had done this to calm himself and everything began to vanish and turn black. Never had he had dreams and the old man said that was why he could find a calm center so fast. All vanished as he searched for a chant not of his personal thoughts, but one of his very being. Cage had never searched for something like this, but before he even realized it he understood a profound chant that he spoke within his mind that made him feel strong and invincible. But he said it again and felt it wasn’t actually for him.
It is for another to hear.
Without opening his eyes Cage felt himself stand. Megdline and the others stood as well when he only sat for a few seconds. Far too fast for most. Cage turned around to stare at an open area before him. Like she explained he thought the word ‘Familiar!’ and opened his mouth.
“I beckon for the one who sits upon the ancient throne! Come forth and face any who try to usurp the forgotten kingdom you alone rule and destroy them into nothingness. Power and strength is forever at your call, but as long as you protect others you shall never fall. Alone you shall never be, so long as you are part of me. Darkness and light we are, to balance life both near and far. COME!!!”
Cage called in a deep resonating voice filled with more command and power than Megdline or Frill had ever heard before in a chant. Meeka stood in awe for his voice was usually deep for a man, but the chant sounded like it came from another realm as it held an all consuming draw that pulled everything to Cage.
The gentle breeze changed into a tempest as the clouds grew dark, fat and angry overhead. The wind threatened to knock over them all and trees alike, except for Cage who didn’t move or have any appearance the wind even ruffled his hair. Twenty yards away appeared an small ball of inky blackness that flattened vertically like a wall that slowly grew in size in a oval. Meeka dropped to her knees before the wind could pick her up and toss her far away. She shrieked “What’s happening!?” and yet she couldn’t hear even her own voice over the violent winds howling in her ears.
Suddenly all noises stopped and Meeka looked around to see the entire area still looked violent. She glanced up to her left and saw Megdline calmly gripping her staff and the gem in the top giving off a golden glow. The elder mage erected a barrier to protect the three of them from the unexpected onslaught, leaving Cage alone since he didn’t appear effected. She slowly stood on shaky legs, watching Frill’s tail whipping back and forth while yowling dangerously. “Megdline, what is happening? Is this normal for summoning a Familiar?”
“It certainly is not, Child. Now hush, I must bear witness.” The intense focus of the woman silenced Meeka and all of them could do nothing except watch.
A subtle movement in the growing darkness of the clouds caught Meeka’s eye as she also watched the flat, oval wall of black expand from about a foot to three in agonizing slowness. “Megdline, look at Cage’s back!”
The woman’s grey eyes shifted from the wall to his back to see the sign of infinity looked to develop thorns that soon turned to lines that began to make what look like a growing chain. Two new loops seemed to curve slightly as if making a circle that would encompass his whole back. She began watching Cage’s back and the barrier so as to not forget any detail.
Cage felt a draw on his mana unlike anything ever felt before. It frightened him, but he knew he needed the being he felt connect to on the other side of the black wall before him. He could feel something had accepted him without bias or hostility. It became difficult to even breathe as something moved in the center of the blackness. It began to swirl like a whirlpool, only on its side. Colors began filling the blackness as the central spin of the oval divide blurred an object. Blues, white and blacks swirled and grew. As the barrier reached over six feet in height the swirl slowed and formed what looked like a giant circle. But when a wall of white lowered for only a fraction of a second Cage realized he was looking at a gigantic eye as large as himself. The iris was an azure blue like the sky and a head size pupil stared right at him and seemed pleased and joyous. When Cage felt his strength dropping, the gigantic eye narrowed with a white lid. It seemed to know Cage was weakening by the second and couldn’t maintain the summoning. It gained an irritated look before the eye vanished and what looked like an ivory claw at thick as a pine tree’s trunk appeared. Then a piercing shrill roar like the sound of an great eagle came through the portal so loudly the ground shook like an earthquake and one so frightening it made Cage trip over himself in fear and as his focus slipped his exhaustion became unconsciousness as his mana could not pour any more into making the barrier any bigger. The portal loudly snapped like a rubber band as Cage passed out. Without him feeding the opening, the spell and the wind died down to what it once was and the violent clouds slowly began to weaken.
After the piercing shrill that put fear into all living beings passed on, all that remained in its wake was dead silence. Megdline sensed the worst is over and dropped the invisible barrier. The three looked at each other with dumfounded expressions and Meeka unfroze first to hurry to Cage’s side as he lay sprawled on his back with his head to the side. Clouds kept the sunlight from fully shining in and helped the area seem more comfortable. She felt and knew he still lived. Meeka finally asked “What just happened?”
Megdline and Frill cautiously stepped forward to look more closely at him. “Meeka, roll him on his side. I need to look at his back.”
She did so and exclaimed “Is my vision deceiving me or is the mark regressing back to its original shape?”
“You are not being deceived. I too saw something earlier when he fought off the bandits. Never in my life have I seen a mark grow or shrink like that. The mark should be permanent as it grows, not retract…” Meeka was about to repeat herself but got an answer of sorts. “I will only comment on what I saw once, so wait till he wakes. Frill, come with me, we need to discuss the situation and figure how to proceed.” The cat followed, looking like a hairball who had been truly frightened.

Close to an hour later, Cage stirred with a stronger headache than before just as the sun began to set. He shut his eyes tight because of the headache and groaned. The noise alerted the others and they came closer. Meeka was the one to softly caress his face and the touch helped to bring him around faster. His mouth and throat were completely dry and his body felt weighed down by lead. He could think of one thing “Water.” He asked hoarsely.
“I’ve got it right here.” She said while grabbing a full cylinder. Meeka picked up his head and laid it on her lap. She carefully tipped the lip to pour in a few needed drops to wet his mouth. Over the next few minutes nearly half of the content found their way in his stomach. “Megdline cleaned the water like you do so take as much as you want. Frill helped me find edible fruit and flowers since I told them you are a vegetarian.”
Cage turned his head on her soft legs while struggling to avoid her breasts that threatened to suffocate him. “Thanks, Granny. You too, Frill. Can I have a minute to eat?”
“We aren’t leaving till you recover properly.” Megdline vowed. “We’ve all already eaten our fill. All this is yours.” She gestured to an overflowing bowl of berries and edible plants.
With Meeka’s aid Cage sat up, but she moved behind and kept her arms around him, for he needed the support. He popped a few sweet berries in his mouth, trusting that they weren’t poisonous because he couldn’t focus enough to care as his hunger overrode rational thought. In three minutes the bowl became empty, but Megdline brought another full bowl out of nowhere and his mind was too preoccupied with eating all that had been given to him. As the last of the meal disappeared he leaned back, forgetting Meeka sat directly behind him. He didn’t have the strength to move away as he felt himself being enveloped in her embrace. Softness and tenderness from Meeka’s very presence cradled him. He felt more relaxed as her breasts supported his shoulders and he lay his head beside hers. Cage felt her smile on his cheek and her arms wound around his neck like silk. When he finally got truly comfortable he asked “What did I do wrong? And what the hell was that thing?”
Frill moved and crawled in Megdline’s lap to begin purring as she stroked his back. “Cage, I’ve never seen anything like that. You are a true enigma. I don’t know if it is because of your age, mana quality or being from another world, but in all my years I have never encountered anyone like you.”
“What was it I failed to summon? That eye was as tall as me. Was it a dragon’s eye or something?”
She shook her head and looked between the two. “It was definitely not a dragon’s eye, but I’ve seen some elder dragons with eyes that large. Their eyes are slit like a cats. What we saw had a circular pupil. I have never seen or heard of an eye like that and one so big. I’ve never witnessed a first class sorcerer summon a Familiar before so I don’t rightly know what happened here. I’ve never heard of a summoning failing once you know the chant to call one forth. It didn’t take anything from me when Frill came through the portal. I clearly saw you connect to that creature as it looked right at you.”
“I’m not sure what your attempt was like, but the draw of my summoning was far too much to get any larger. I too felt a connection when the eye saw me, but I don’t feel anything now. I think it sensed I couldn’t make the hole big enough to fit through and roared to make me stop trying to kill myself.”
“Very likely. A Familiar’s greatest duty is the safety of its master. I just cannot understand how it didn’t come through on its own after it acknowledged you.” She nodded. “You must understand I am obliged to report this to the Magical Council. Catching just a glimpse of the Familiar we witnessed makes you a serious threat, should you chose to attack. If one day you have the strength to fully pull it through I can’t even begin to imagine what the two of you would be capable of.”
“Granny, I understand and trust me, I’m just as freaked. I didn’t know what I would get on the other side, but it certainly wasn’t that! You think I don’t underestimate what it will take to feed something that large. I’m not sure I’ll try again, but I did like the feeling. If you didn’t make a report about me I’d call you a coward. If I summon something like that while you summon someone like Frill, I’d be pissing my pants as well. Do what you have to, but remind whomever rules this council I will treat them as they treat me. If they want to see me I’ll talk, but if they do come at me with hostility I’ll be sure to summon that huge critter right in front of them. Will you relay that as well?”
“I will put it more delicately, but yes I will. Rest now, I’ll make sure nothing will bother us to let you rest. You have no need to fear this night while I am around.” Megdline smiled.
“Thanks, Granny.” He said and his head instantly dropped back on Meeka’s soft shoulder. Meeka’s deep blue eyes widened until she heard a deep snore.
She chuckled “That was sure quick.” As she leaned back and took herself out from beneath and laid him on the bedroll. She cupped his cheek and kissed his forehead. “Sleep well.”
“Meeka?” Megdline called for her attention as she stood and Frill jumped off. “Listen to me carefully. I can tell he cannot hear our conversation so do not tell him of this. I need you to keep an eye on him at all times. Right now I am stronger and have no fear, but if he recovers just like the highest order sorcerer, I have little doubt he is, he’ll surpass my most powerful ones in a very short time. But he is also without a guardian to protect him. For the time being you must protect him as a Familiar. Personally, I believe he is destined for great things.”
“Me too.” She said while running her fingers through his thick brown hair.
“I have no doubt the council will act quickly after seeing what I have witnessed. You know the dangers of this world better than he so guide him. Will you do what you can to keep him alive?”
“I promise to do my best. If you haven’t noticed, he is very capable of doing things himself.”
“That he is.” The sorceress and familiar laughed lightly. “You better also get some rest. I believe you will have ground to cover.”
“Thank you.” She said to both as she lay beside Cage.
“This is the most fun we’ve had in years. It is we who should thank you. Good night, Meeka.”





Chapter 13

A red dawn soaked into Cage’s eyes as he opened them and instantly remembered all that occurred yesterday. He felt much better and only felt a mild headache. Cage could never forget the intensity of the azure eye looking right at him and into the core of his very being. It was so beautiful, intense and welcoming that he knew he made an instant friend. But the size alone frightened him. If the eye could refer to the overall girth of it he knew it would be larger than any whale back home, maybe even a mansion.
Cage sat up and felt much better to find himself alone on the bedroll and easily spotted Meeka sitting over with Megdline as Frill lay in her lap. They were whispering out of consideration for his need to sleep. He got up on sure legs and Frill turned to look at him on Meeka’s lap and his movement stopped their conversation. He came closer and sat down before them. “Did I miss anything?”
Meeka shook her head. “I doubt anything would happened without you doing something first. Hungry?”
“You know me so well.” He smirked back as she offered another bowl of food and saw her take a berry out of it because she knew he wouldn’t eat otherwise. He ate and asked “So what is on today’s agenda?”
Megdline said “You two are going on to finish this business that you have while I have some of my own to complete. Firstly Frill and I are going to check on those wyrms you took care of. I’ll also see if there are any eggs you might have missed. It is a nasty habit of theirs. They are quite dangerous to habitats and will quickly hurt an unprepared ecosystem. Meeka is correct, they should not be on this side of the Vlaran Mountains. Before any other travelers become a victim we will see the area cleared of the large vermin. Afterwards I must go directly to Twilight, home of the Magical Councils. Is there anything you might need before we leave?”
Cage smiled. “You guided me on how to heal. That was what I feared doing and messing up. I now have the ability to do more than I ever could back on Earth. I’m glad I came to Raliea. It’s awesome. Now if I or someone needs help I can offer aid. The rest I can learn along the way. I’m glad to have met you, Granny.” She smirked dryly. Cage reached over and rubbed the cat between the ears. “You too, Frill.” The feline purred.
He finished the last of his breakfast as the older mage and Familiar got up and moved away from them. “The pleasure is all ours, Cage. We bid you two farewell and safe journey.”
Meeka and Cage looked at each other while sitting on the soft grass. They then turned back and watched as Megdline pointed the head of her staff in front of herself and he felt the tingle associated with the working of magic. Ten feet in front of her appeared a golden light like an oval egg close to five and a half feet in height and three at its widest. Frill padded his way confidently straight into the light and Megdline followed right behind. Golden light consumed the two and then came a faint pop as the light instantly vanished. Neither the woman or cat were there any longer. They vanished with the radiance.
“Uh, do you know what happened?” He wondered.
“You know as much as I on this. I’ve never seen magic to do something like that. Actually I’ve seen more magic with you than in the whole of my life.”
“I think we should pack up and move on. Are you ready?”
Meeka stretched and said “I am.”
“Let me see your arms.” Cage said and she didn’t ask why. He looked at all the scratches from two days ago and met her curious stare. “I would like to try healing these. Would you like that?”
“I really would. Go ahead.”
He looked at all the scabs and did as he did on his cheek. “Heal.” He whispered and the two of them watched as several blue objects appeared over a dozen wounds. “Oh, they itch!” She said and he stopped her hand from scratching. In a few seconds the scabs fell off and the blue magic disappeared to leave behind new skin. They both felt the site and were equally amazed. She then had her arms, tender shoulder that had been dislocated and legs also healed before asking “Can you try my breasts this time?”
“Deep bruises?... Hmm… alright I have an idea, but I’ll need a clear view of them.” She didn’t hesitate to take her shirt completely off and Cage found it easier to look without hunger when he thought of them only as an experiment. “Hold still.” She did as he said and breathed slowly while he studied the greens and yellows. When he saw enough to get a clear picture he put his hands right on them and focused. She got excited about how he touched her, but saw he wasn’t looking at them the way she wanted. Cage knew the basic principal of bruises and let the magic flow. Just beneath the surface her breasts began to glow a faint blue. He spoke under his breath and made her blood clean out the broken vessels and fix the small amount of damage that remained. She felt another itching sensation, but not as strongly as the cuts. When the glow dissipated he removed his large hands to reveal pure golden skin and truly perfect breasts. Meeka squealed in delight to say “Amazing! They are back to the way they were.” and she began to feel herself up to find there wasn’t even a hint of lingering pain. She stood and made a topless pose of seduction to ask “How do they look to you?”
He laughed lightly while getting up. “Very enticing. I’m glad you approve.”
“I feel great!” She said as she put the shirt back on. “Cage, after we pack I’d like to try running with you. Since they don’t hurt, we can make up time.”
“Alright, but don’t forget you still have practice against me.”
She grinned back and fought much more strongly today than ever before as she had practically rested all day yesterday and night while also becoming fully healed of all injuries. She could still not get near enough to use the knife, but she made a new record of falling only eight times.
They packed and moved on at a leisurely jog. Meeka kept up for close to an hour before her body told her to walk. When she recovered they jogged some more. While walking down the desolate road they spoke of all that occurred in the past two days and though their time was short they already missed Megdline and Frill’s company. After their break at noon Meeka spotted fresh human boot prints and Cage took the lead in their run.
An hour later he found another dozen bandits hiding in the woods and silently dispatched each one while he had Meeka draw their attention and continue down the trail. They were well hidden, even from each other. In a few minutes he took care of them all without making a sound and before they could make a move on her. Cage caught up to her shortly after as said she did good and didn’t let her body language give away the fact she knew what was happening.

The next few days they traveled together and saw that the forests began to thin into rolling grasslands with more habitation. They came upon a very small town of no more than a hundred and were able to purchase new clothes and supplies. Meeka felt much better wearing a shirt that supported her breasts because they were hard to tame when they ran or sparred each morning. Her endurance has slowly began to improve and she felt herself getting stronger. They left the tiny town the very same day and moved much more quickly now that they had proper attire and didn’t have to spend several hours foraging for food.
After leaving Kote, twelve days passed and by mid morning of the thirteenth Cage’s jaw dropped as he gazed upon the sprawling city of Vin’re. He had remembered a small castle some duke lived within in Miot, but Vin’re was altogether huge. He had seen castles in old books, but the city alone was beautiful to gaze upon. A great siege wall of over a hundred feet in height surrounded the city and seemed close to five miles in length. Meeka explained it is roughly shaped like a giant U or a horseshoe if it helped make the image. The city runs right to the sea and the king’s castle is in the very heart of the city. It is made that way so if attackers breach the great siege wall or overtake the port the castle can react with equal speed in any direction or if they fall back it won’t be a longer or shorter distance to reach safety. Much of the outside land is covered by farmland or for raising livestock and tended by hundreds of farmers. Large trees dotted the landscape and most were fruit bearing. Most farmers raised a hand in greeting if a traveler called out. Meeka said close to thirty thousand lived in or near Vin’re because of its fertile land and huge trading opportunities. Several more thousand come and go every day just to do business.
They melded into the crowd to enter through a huge arch nearly twenty feet deep and were guarded by men in plate armor. The six gate guards carried halberds, swords and a crossbow over their back and Cage knew they were trained to use them most effectively. They stood tall like statues and their polished helmets shadowed their eyes, making it hard to look through the eyelets and know what or who they focused on. On the metal breast of the guards were a blue crow in flight. He asked and Meeka said “That is the crest for King Tate’s army. All who serve the kingdom in a military wear the blue crest. These knights are also like our home guard back in Kote. Most who retire from soldiering become home guard. A white crow signifies the courier guild. A yellow crow is a scholar and an silver belongs to the Adventurers. So long as you abide by the rules and don’t cause trouble the knights won’t intervene. Just be careful, there are a lot of people here and not all that many guards.”
After passing through the main gate they came upon an open area where many hawkers set up a market to entice people coming in or out of the gate to buy their wares. Meeka encircled his arm so they wouldn’t get separated in the fast pace crowd. They also put their hands on their money to be sure not one thief got close. Cage led the way past the loud area from the sellers shouting over their competitors for the crowd to turn to them. They both laughed as they continued.
Inside the city looked just as impressive as the outside. Instead of walking on dirt roads the streets were cobbled with a maintained gray brick and was swept regularly. The rows upon rows of homes were mostly made of wood. Some were naturally beautiful and others had been painted an array of colors. Nearly all buildings had angled roofs to prevent collapses when winter arrives. Each roof looked to be thatched and had a gutter system to allow rain to flow down metal pipes and flow into a long path that follows the road and empties into a sewer system. Most homes grew flowers in pots to make the city smell more pleasant. Like in Kote, signs hung over different establishments or trades to make it easy to know what they offered. The further in they traveled the more beautiful the city became. Some homes were made of stones while the more exclusive residents had privacy fences and were usually owned by nobles who also had their own personal guards and wore different crests to distinguish whom they served.
For a few hours Meeka showed him all around, leaving the castle for last. What she didn’t realize is Cage had been searching for hundreds of different things like patrol patterns, exits, benefits to exploit or even deadly disadvantages to avoid at all costs. He began establishing likely routes to use should he need to escape in a hurry. Cage would be sure to not get Meeka involved if the worst happened. He didn’t let on that he was learning the city’s layout or all the possibilities his mind created. Some areas were tightly packed and he’d have to do some Parkour or free running since he doubted this world had invented such things if the worst occurred.
Several times in the streets he felt magic and could easily spot the mages because they wore colorful robes and had an animal Familiar. Many carried a staff or wore jewelry inlaid with gems. He saw a dog Familiar, three cats, an eagle and a monkey that never strayed far from their partner and definitely didn’t act like a proper animal. For the time being Cage was glad he didn’t reveal his magical traits because people stared or avoided mages.
“And this is the pride of Vlara.” Meeka said and dramatically brought his attention to the castle. It was made of pure white marble surrounded by yet another siege wall patrolled by a few guards who must have been stifling in the heat and sunlight. This inner wall though was much rougher and would easily shred a man’s flesh like a reef and tear cloth like thin paper. The castle was immense, nearly ten stories tall and glistened beautifully in the sunlight. The wall wasn’t as immense as the outer, but it felt like it could withstand the same treatment. He had never thought such primitive technology could erect such a masterpiece of engineering. There were many glass windows on the walls that could also be used for murder holes if the situation demanded. From the opening of the gate Meeka delightfully assumed “It looks like the king is preparing for the annual Summer Ball. I got to visit last year when Father and Mother were invited. It looks like it will be more impressive this year. It is quite too bad we won’t be invited for I’d love to dance with you.”
“That does sound pleasant.” He said and it made her smile for agreeing. “We’ve traveled quite far in a short time. Do you mind if we find an inn and put our things away to do some more sightseeing and get something to eat?”
“Where do you want to go? It will cost much more to get a room in this part of the city…”
“How much are you talking?”
“Anywhere from one to four silvers a night, per person, but it will also include meals and nightly entertainment.”
He smiled “Then lets head to one of these places and go wild while we are here. I still have my gold. Oh and do they have a bathhouse or something? We both need a wash and I could sure go for a hot bath for once.”
“You and me both. Yes, almost all inns offer a bath option for more coin.”
“Is there a place you’ve visited and liked?”
“Oh yes, it is called the Twinkling Bell. I’ve stayed there twice before.”
“Lead on.” He gestured with a hand and she merrily moved down a street.
It took about five minutes to find a place with a glass bell hanging ten feet in the air and it twinkled in the descending sunlight. Their feet sounded loud as they stepped onto the wooden entryway and entered through the open door of a fine establishment. Everything inside was spotless and smelled great. About three dozen tables sat in an open area around a smoldering hearth directly in the middle of the room with nearly eight rich families sitting together. There lay a stage in the back about twenty feet wide and across and two off the ground, but it was currently empty. To the left of the entrance stood a long bar table with three workers behind it. One was a hulking man who was taller and more weighted down by muscle and would be a real threat in a fight, but he had a kind face as he cleaned glasses with white cloth and his attire spoke of how clean this place is. Two women turned to Cage and Meeka as they entered and a pretty middle-aged woman came out from behind the counter and wrinkled her nose in disgust and glared at them. Cage realized they must look terrible as neither had the time to swim or bathe in three days since time started to progress seemingly faster than their travel speed. They were both covered in dirt and road and looked like a stain on an otherwise fancy establishment. The whole place spoke of money. Their looks is more like beggars. The woman in a fine silk dress approached to say evenly “Unless you can afford four silver a night I request you do not bother my patrons. Please leave if you have no business here.”
“How rude!”Meeka fired back and startled the woman. The large man sat down the current glass he was cleaning and reached below the counter.
Before the tension grew any more, Cage had already planned this when he first saw the inn’s quality. He held up a small gold coin and said “But we are looking for a room for two nights, plus a hot bath and meal. This should cover it.”
The woman’s eyes turned to the gold and extended her hand. He placed it there and she quickly bit an edge and found it is real. Her whole demeanor changed immediately. “Well I welcome you to the Twinkling Bell. My name is Aniya, proprietor of this inn. What would either of you require first?”
Meeka eyed the woman angrily so Cage intervened. “A room with two beds and a hot bath for starters. When we come out we’ll find a clothing store to be more presentable. We’ll also need our clothes washed while we clean the road from our bodies. Will this be possible?” He quickly learned how to change his speech patterns so he wouldn’t stand out further from others.
“Why certainly, Sir…?”
“Cage and this is my traveling companion Meeka.”
The woman’s eyes widened as she turned back to Meeka. “Forgive me mistress, I did not recognize you. Will Mayor Cillian be along?”
“Aniya, my father isn’t coming and next time someone comes in, don’t look down upon them just by how they look. We’ve had a hard journey and the first person I know, and have recognized, treats me like trash. You weren’t so uptight before, what happened?”
The woman shook her head as tears began to build. “My oldest daughter died in childbirth. Neither survived and my husband left me to go to help the Emrocan forces. All I have left is my youngest daughter.”
“How horrible. Please pardon my tone. I didn’t know.”
“It’s quite alright, Mistress, and I too am sorry. I didn’t give you even a chance to explain what you wanted before accusing you on appearance… follow me to the table.” They did and she went behind the counter. “Because of the Summer Ball tomorrow night many of our rooms are taken. I only have one left that has two beds. It will be on the second floor, furthest on the right and left door. Will that be alright?”
“It will be fine.” Meeka said as she took a silver key.
Meeka led the way up the stairs and unlocked the room. The room was quite large, spotless and two beds were pushed up against opposite walls. Centered in the room sat a polished table they sat their packs down on. Each found a comfortable chair to sit down on and rest their sore feet. They wanted the beds, but were too dirty to lay on the clean white sheets. While waiting they took out their ripe clothes and sat them in a corner by the door.
Not five minutes later did a knock sound on the door. “May we come in with the bath you ordered?”
“It’s open.” Cage said and the burly man from before carried in two large wooden tubs and sat them beside each other. After he stepped back came ten boys, in serving clothes, who each carried a pail of steaming hot water. It took five boys to fill up even one tub while the other half poured the rest in the other. The big man took out two bars of lavender scented soap and handed them to Cage. Before he left he scooped up the potent clothes that could nearly walk on their own.
“Finally.” He said as he began stripping. Meeka also lost her clothes. He put a toe in the water and felt it was more hot than he preferred, but not enough to cause discomfort. He put his feet in and sunk into the amazing liquid. “Ohhh yeahhh.” He sighed and felt the heat pour into his sore muscles and work its own kind of magic. He looked over when he heard Meeka make the same remark and watched as her eyes closed to enjoy the experience. She must have been in the same level of comfort as he leaned back and closed his eyes. The heat felt better than any time in his life. He never realized how much he missed something as simple as indoor plumbing and temperature control. At the moment he didn’t rightly care.
Slowly the heat began to cool and in that time he looked at his black fingertips to see they had pruned as they always had before the gauntlets attached themselves. He began rubbing his body down with the soap and every swipe took away a thick coating of dirt. His splashing alerted Meeka that time enough had been spent relaxing and she too began to bathe before the water became cold. She spent longer scrubbing and washing her hair. Before long they got out of the tub to have a laugh as both of their tubs looked to have been dyed brown from all that had been on them. They dried off and heard another knock saying the clothes were waiting just outside. Cage went to the door and grabbed the sets. He returned her newer pair and they dressed, feeling like new people.
“Before we go, can you do my hair like usual?”
“Would you like something different?” He offered.
“Some other time. Right now this is simple and effective.” He did her hair again and she liked it when she walked in front of a full-length mirror.

Cage and Meeka left the room and he locked it before putting it in a pocket. As they came down the steps Aniya’s expression turned embarrassed for she never would have imagined two more beautiful people could look so different after a simple bath. Meeka held out their remaining clothes and said “Please wash these as well. When we return we’ll pick them up here.”
“Yes, Ma’am.” The owner said and turned her nose away when the accumulated smell assaulted her delicate sense of smell. She passed it off to a nearby worker. “When might you return?”
He answered “Not too long. We need to buy clothes before the stores close. We need sturdy, functioning clothes that will also appeal to the eye. Where would you recommend?”
“The Frilly String has a nice selection.”
“I know the place.” He said. “Meeka showed me. It’s a quarter mile down the street.” She nodded.

The Fuzzy String’s wooden display looked just like it sounded, a fuzzy string guided by a needle. They entered the store just in time. Cage knew his mission had to begin soon so he selected the appropriate attire. He got black pants that were practically form fitted with a matching long sleeved shirt. He also bought a black piece of fabric he’d work on later.
By the time he exchanged money he turned around and nearly swallowed his tongue as Meeka approached wearing a simply crafted blue dress that hugged her every curve and displayed her abundant cleavage without seeming vulgar. Small rhinestones accentuated the chest and made striking designs all around her hips and middle. She spun on blue, heeled shoes and it revealed the dress to be backless with a string holding it together by the nape of her neck. She had never looked so beautiful and even the workers never knew someone could look so stunning.
“How does this look on me?” He couldn’t even form words and it made her positively delighted. She finally learned that to get him to react honestly is to surprise him by making him believe she’d do something else. “I’ll take it then!” She paid for the dress and took him by the arm to leave. He still couldn’t talk so she commented “My don’t you look dashing.” Cage could only smile as his eyes kept turning towards her beauty.
They returned to the Twinkling Bell and saw several more families sitting around tables. The moment they came in all eyes turned to stare at their ethereal attractiveness. Men wanted Meeka and women couldn’t scold their lovers because they ogled Cage with the same interest. The two walked to the desk and retrieved their washed clothes from the large man and were told dinner and entertainment would begin in two hours.
They returned to their room and lay comfortably on a bed to rest till the time came to eat. They talked about the city mostly and Meeka still wanted to know what he is up to and began to suspect he was told to do something she wouldn’t agree to. He still wouldn’t explain and while she became occupied for a moment, he cut into the piece of black fabric. By the time she finished digging in her bag he put the cloth away and hadn’t appeared to do anything.
When it came time for dinner they knew it started because someone began to make music that filtered through the whole building. They smiled to each other and began to leave. Meeka didn’t notice he left his money in his pack, nor carry anything else except what he wore. For him, the mission began.
The room had filled to nearly capacity as they came down. Meeka knew if she didn’t act fast every seat could be taken. Cage followed as she found an available table in the center of the room which she claimed for the two of them before another could. When they sat, she raised a hand to a servant who knew they were ready to order. They ordered a spice soup, cheese and bread with an apple pie slice for dessert. Cage cleaned the water discretely and ate while enjoying the music of a bard who used something quite like a guitar that sounded the same and had quite a range. The man was a traveling singer who is very good at it. He entranced the whole crowd. Many songs the crowd knew and sung along. A few songs made the night come alive with laughter or pulled at the heart. Cage partied with everyone else as the entertainment made him comfortable.
An hour later the bard put down the instrument to say “It’s time for a break. I’ll be back in a few minutes.” Everyone clapped an applause as he got up and left the stage with a proud smile of accomplishment.
“Hey! What the…” Cage heard Meeka say beside him. She began patting her hip and looking all around herself and under the table.
“What’s the matter?” He asked with growing concern.
She looked right at him and as the room had a small void of silence she said “My coin purse is missing?” The room turned to look.
He helped her look around and didn’t see it either and the room looked to them as the next piece of entertainment. He stood up and glared around the room to demand “Whoever stole her coin purse, return it now before you piss me off!” The room became uneasy, but none came forth. “You had your chance.”
Cage opened his hand and focused on the mental image of Meeka’s purse. He had tried this spell before and it worked wonderfully when she misplaced her hairbrush and found it had managed to roll in a thick patch of grass. The spell didn’t happen exactly as he imagined a simple arrow to appear, it came out like a glowing worm of six inches and one end attached to the center of his hand. It was a locator spell meant to find things. A pure white string of light came to be and snaked itself around, the end began swaying side to side, almost like it were sniffing out what it wanted. The moment the crowd saw the light they knew he was a mage and chairs scooted away. The end of the glowing light turned back and forth, searching for her leather bag. The worm-like string suddenly snapped straight at a man who had taken a seat behind Meeka. He sat with two others and wore common clothing. When the locator pointed right at a bulging pocket, the men turned to flee. Cage conjured three miniature versions of his gigantic demon illusion, that he used to scare off the group of drunk men back in Kote. The three little ominous red and purple imps zoomed right in front of their faces and one man visibly urinated in his pants. Before the room screamed Cage said in a cold voice “I wouldn’t move if I were you. Or speak either unless you want to be torn to shreds.” The whole building became deathly silent. They couldn’t help staring at the multi-limbed imp with horns, wings and little burning eyes. “Now unless you don’t return every coin you stole, as the petty thieves you are, I won’t be responsible for your own actions. You have to the count of five before they have their fun. Oneee! Twooo!” The man’s hands quickly moved to his pocket and dropped the pouch loudly on the ground. “Good boy! Now get the hell out of here and never steal again!” Cage made the three imps flap their wings to be seen flying up and over their heads while his swift kick connected with the man’s ass. He fell to the ground with a cry and scrambled out the door with his frightened buddies.
Once the trio was far gone Cage made all but one imp vanish. He looked at the ghostly faced crowd who were afraid to move and walked right up to a woman with three young children. They began to cry as he made the conjuring fly over and land on their table. “None you need to be afraid. I just did a little magic to scare those bad men. Look at him, does he seem real?” They nodded. “Magic isn’t something to live in fear of. If you aren’t afraid go ahead and touch the imp.”
The littlest boy of the three was the first to try reaching, but the mother, in her worry, grabbed his hand and looked to Cage smiling reassuringly. In their stead the mother reached forward with shaking hands and put one finger on the horned head and gasped as the imp turned into a very realistic looking and sounding puppy yapping at her. Its little tail began to wag before it decided to scratch a floppy ear. It started chasing its tail and the room seemed to sigh. When the mother could only stare in denial the youngest took a chance and touched the puppy. It transformed to a cat licking itself as if someone changed the channel on a TV. The cat looked around as if it didn’t understand to jump in fear and meow questioningly. It proved to be difficult to instantly create a whole new image in an instant yet it had to be done. The little boy giggled and touched it again and it turned into an adorable bunny rabbit.
The next time he touched it transformed to a miniature version of Meeka bathing in a cup size bathtub. Bubbles covered everything, but the little person looked around and screamed like a woman getting peaked on.
The crowd, watching the whole spectacle, busted out laughing.
Cage acted a little disturbed. He put his large hands over the shrieking illusion. “Sorry, that wasn’t supposed to happen…”
Meeka caught on to what he was trying to do and smacked his shoulder. “You promised you never make a mini me do that again! What is wrong with you!” He hid his head as if she frightened him more than what he did to the three thieves.
“Sorry, you know she likes to pop in every now and then.”
Meeka smacked him again and the crowd loved it.
To the three boys, Cage eventually asked “What kind of magic would you like to play with?”
The little boy said “The little woman!” and the crowd laughed even harder. One even fell out of his chair from laughing so hard. His mother scolded him and asked “What would be more appropriate, magic-wise?”
“Hmm… I got it!” Cage made a baseball sized orb of dazzling light with the consistency of a rubber ball and added magic to it so it could sustain itself without him focusing on it. He handed it over to her saying “This is just a light ball. I promise it won’t do any harm and will last until dawn. They can throw it around or against the wall. It won’t harm anything unless you’ve got a vase nearby.”
She looked at it for a minute and gave it to the boys. “Go outside and play. Stay where I can see you from the window.”
All three ran out and seconds later they were yelling and then the ball of light made an arch back and forth. A small crowd in the night gathered to watch the boys play with a ball of magical light.
Knowing that he couldn’t stay and enjoy more music he said to Meeka “I’m going to turn in. You coming?”
She walked over and retrieved her money. “Yep.”
They went up stairs to see Aniya nodding thanks for removing thieves and not harming anyone and they stopped by the room to listen. The crowd began whispering about what happened and it took close to ten minutes for the bard to sing again and return the crowd back to the way they were.
In the room, Meeka changed out of her dress to comment “Is it me or has your mana become stronger?”
He plopped on the soft bed and stared up at the ceiling. “It is not just you. When I was first started playing around with magic I experimented with light. Especially changing the colors to feel the different amounts of energy they extracted. I even had set up a spell to pull an hour’s worth from me to sustain the spell and I felt it would suck me dry. Down there just now, I gave more mana into that multicolored ball and it barely even made me breathe hard. If I had set it up for a day or two I’d knock myself out, but it is proof Megdline is right. I am growing stronger.”
“So it’s almost like a muscle? The more effort you put in the stronger you become?”
“Sounds right to me… Good night, Meeka, sweet dreams.”
Meeka crawled into bed and rolled on her side to keep her back to him.

Two hours after midnight Cage slipped out of bed and moved to the open window and peered into the darkness. Clouds had rolled in and prevented any star and moonlight from lighting the landscape which suited him perfectly. He looked to Meeka’s form and smirked. He climbed out the window and dangled on a sure grip. The ground had been free of debris so he let go and dropped safely to the ground, making little noise.
He made sure none were watching before moving off in the dark.
Meeka had been feigning sleep as she had a deep suspicion he might do something and had been proven right. She saw his shadowy form get off the bed and disappear out the window. She got out of bed and grabbed her knife to slide in her boots she wore beneath the sheets. Trying to be just as silent, she got up and moved blindly to the window where she saw a slow moving shadow travel north between two buildings. She knew she had to take a chance and follow him so she too shimmied out the window and scared herself as she dangled from the ledge and couldn’t see the ground clearly. She squeezed her eyes and let go. Her landing wasn’t so ideal as her legs buckled on impact and slammed on her backside. At least she managed to not cry out. Before she could lose his trail completely she got up and hurried to the last place she saw his moving form. She reached the corner and her mind finally realized why he had bought such black clothes. He wore such attire so it would be near impossible for any to distinguish him in this darkness. At the corner of the Twinkling Bell she saw a momentary movement in the shadows and followed it quickly, glad her boots didn’t make much of any sound on the bricked ground. Meeka quickly found herself looking down another dark alley and stood absolutely still to wait and see him move on. Meeka realized he was moving slow and methodical and tried emulating such skilled, stealthy behavior. If not for the few torches all along the city street she wouldn’t have been able to follow if not by the dull glow. He moved so silently she couldn’t believe anyone could be capable.
For the next ten minutes she followed his seemingly erratic movements until she reached a corner to find he had completely disappeared from her sight. She looked around, frantic to have followed for so long and lost him. Meeka then had a revelation after all their time being together. She had seen him do things without magic that seemed like it. The reason for the erratic movements through the maze of alleys is that he knew she followed, even as she tried her best to be inconspicuous in tailing. He wanted her so focused that when he truly wanted to disappear in the dark she wouldn’t realize he had until it was too late. His skills far exceeded her own and she had only felt a fool for trying.
Meeka huffed and realized she had been caught so she decided to return back to the inn. She at least felt confident since she had at least some forethought to slip the room key in her pocket beforehand so she didn’t need to climb back in. She found her way onto a main street and began the return trip back to the room.
Along the way her stomach suddenly felt hollow and the tiny hairs on the back of her neck stood up as a man whistled and said “Isn’t it a little late to be out all alone, Missy? Would you like some company?”
Meeka looked over her shoulder to see two men approaching her from about thirty yards away. They sounded to have been drinking excessively and the way moved and talked said their intentions weren’t appropriate. She kindly said while walking away “That is very kind, but I’m quite alright.”
“Aw, come on…” The second man hiccupped. “We are being very generous… Hey wait… your that whore from the Bell!”
A third man came out in front of Meeka’s path with a near empty glass bottle of what looked like rum. The man ahead took a swig and looked to her and the two following. “You boys find something fun to play with?”
“You could say that.” The first man leered. “She is that woman you almost liberated money from. That mage was with her.”
Meeka’s heart began to drum as she comprehended who the men were and what would likely happen. Before the three could do anything she fled down a dark alley to escape. The men realized she was running away and chased after her, wanting her to pay for what she and that mage did to them. She didn’t get far because something she didn’t see in the dark tripped her. One of the men carried a torch and when they saw her fall they laughed while pulling knives from their belt. “Aw, look, she fell down and even was so kind to lead us to a dead end alley to give us privacy.” They laughed confidently as she looked over her shoulder to find she had unknowingly trapped herself. The man still carrying around the bottle smiled with missing teeth. “So are you going to be good and spread your legs for us or are we going to need to show you how weak you are without a filthy mage protecting you. Either way I’m going to get something from you.”
Her shaking stopped as she understood that they were going to rape and possibly kill her. Meeka knew that this late at night no one would likely come to her rescue in time. And this area of Vin’re had few soldiers patrolling the streets. If she didn’t do something herself she knew she might not survive this encounter. Cage was right. She thought. The world is harsher than I knew and if you couldn’t protect yourself you’ll become a victim. She had been practicing to control her fear after the wyrm encounter where she was useless, but these three were nothing in comparison. “I would like to see you try.” Meeka said in a confidence that surprised herself more than the three.
As she stood up she pulled the knife from her boot and took a stance she had been practicing for over a week. The men laughed and the leader told the man without the torch to pin her down and take the polished blade before she hurt herself. The man grinned in confidence and charged her with his own knife.
Not even pausing to think, Meeka skillfully dodged the knife and brought hers around to slice deep into his neck, severing the jugular, and hooked her foot around his to make him fall skull first into the cobbled ground.
Meeka blinked in surprise at the blade in her hand soaked to the hilt in blood had practically moved all on its own. The two men were likewise startled and sobered, especially after their friend tried holding in the blood pouring out his neck that acted like a fountain. In a few seconds he stilled as his life ended.
“Get the whore!” The leader ordered at the torch and knife wielding man as he charged in blind anger.
Meeka reacted again and dodged the knife to strike with her own and cut clean through the man’s forearm. As the pain caused him to drop the knife, Meeka remembered one time Cage did something similar so she deftly grabbed the handle of the falling knife and twisted her whole body to bury both knives into the man’s back. His own knife went right where she had been taught to kill with the least energy expended and buried itself in his heart. Her knife missed his lung and jarred her arm on a sturdy ribcage. As the man fell he tried lashing out with the torch before he died and completely missed her, but the sudden flash of light blinded her.
Before she could recover the last man dropped his bottle and saw an opening. He grabbed her thick braid and knife hand to vow “You’re going to regret that you bitch! After I fuck you I’m going to kill you.”
She tried pulling away but he yanked on her hair painfully and it made her cry.
“Meeka, have you forgotten the eleventh technique I taught you?” Came a casual voice from out of nowhere. The man looked around the darkness to say “Stay back. This isn’t your concern!”
Meeka knew that voice and the pain made her remember what he talked about. Out of reflex again, she stomped hard on her opponent’s foot and shifted his weight back as she ran his back into the wall of a building. Cage taught her what to do if a larger opponent gets hold of her from behind. The thief lost balance and all the air in his lungs as she slammed his back into a wall. His gripped loosened enough so that she could swing her arm back and bury her knife directly into his groin. Overwhelmed by pain, Meeka still couldn’t see so she let all the fighting experience Cage imparted take over. She pulled the knife out, stepped away while spinning to accurately slice the knife horizontally across his middle, slashing shirt and flesh as if it were barely there on the razor edge.
The man’s intestines literally spilled out.
Meeka jumped back and took her stance, waiting for another surprise.
Cage’s voice said “That’s my girl. You did very well for your first real battle. Now get your sweet ass back to the inn and don’t try following me again. Do not make any stops along the way. You’ve done well, so be proud you saved yourself.”
She looked around as her night vision began to focus. She knew she didn’t imagine hearing him, but he wasn’t around. “Alright.” She gave in.
Cage watched from the balcony above her and found the whole situation hard to intervene on. It was her fight she needed to fulfill and finish, although he found it difficult not to impart that piece of advice when she had been grabbed. It took away all bragging that she fought three men unaided. Still, her strikes were clean and accurate. He knew she wouldn’t be happy killing, but it was either that or dying herself. A week ago she would have been helpless, but now she had improved enough to defend against average opponents.
Meeka walked away, visibly shaken. She moved quickly back to the inn, unaware Cage walked along the roofs of the closely built dwellings. In several agonizing minutes she arrived at the Twinkling Bell and knocked on the closed door. Though her knife and hands were drenched with blood her body somehow didn’t get a drop. Aniya opened the door and let her inside, not asking any questions as the girl seemed withdrawn. Meeka went straight to her room and found an ewer to clean off all the blood from herself and knife before pouring it out the window to remove every trace.
Knowing Meeka was now safe from danger, Cage crossed over rooftops without gaining any attention. It didn’t take long to reach the last business closest to the white marble castle of Vin’re. He sat completely still on the roof for a half hour, simply watching. In that time he learned the patrol patterns of the palace guards and how to use shadows most effectively. It wouldn’t be easy and risks needed to be taken, but it wouldn’t be the hardest infiltration. The problem is what the inside castle is like. From what Meeka explained, the Summer Ball is held in the grand hall, on the ground level. He at least knew he didn’t have to climb the castle wall.
When he figured he understood the guard’s’ movements Cage pulled out the black cloth from before and tied it around his head and tucked the excess inside his shirt collar. Only the white of his eyes weren’t covered black. He then climbed down and with thousands of skills ingrained into his being he passed by the mansions and patrolling guards without making even a single sound. Sometimes he had to jump, flip or slide under objects, using his Parkour skills to remain undetected. His clothes were perfect for they didn’t rub together or hinder him in any way. Cage always used human blind spots to sneak pass the roving patrols and just out of range from torches. Eventually he reached the gray siege wall and found enough finger and toe holds to scale the defensive structure without any eyes turning on him. His gauntlets and boots were again proving their worth because the wall’s surface wasn’t kind to flesh and would have cut them like jagged glass. He reached the top of the wall and had to dangle for a minute till a guard walked passed. Cage effortlessly pulled himself over to discover a nearby stone staircase. He got halfway down before hanging from the side as two alert guards started ascending and talking about the upcoming ball. Then they left and he proceeded with more caution when reaching the grounds. If he were discovered he’d either be killed or imprisoned. That is what made it fun.
The inside of the grounds were beautiful with flowers and all kinds of decorative foliage. It is also open so the area could be easy maneuvered around or be captured with the best results. In the dark you can’t stare right at something for only peripheral vision worked best at night. He still needed to somehow get inside as he crouched behind a leafy bush to get a sense of the surroundings. The castle had been designed so the only real way inside is through the front door. Two attentive guards stood to either side and watched as servants went in and out to finalize all interior decorations. By the way they stood a few feet in front of fiery braziers he knew they were well trained to keep their eyes away from the fire to retain the best possible sight. He figured he wouldn’t have an opportunity for quite some time so he relieved himself on both numbers in the bush.
He smiled beneath the cloth mask and picked up a few small pebbles while moving to his left and staying flush against the castle’s smooth wall to climb the dozen steps. Over the arched door were long lines of words he couldn’t read for they were twenty feet above and too tiny for the naked eye to interpret. With the tiny rocks in hand he got as close to the light as he dared and tossed them right into the guards path and saw their helmeted heads turn right to the tinkling of sounds. As their attention became elsewhere occupied, Cage silently squeezed beneath the brazier bowl, the wall and the guard not two feet away and silently slipped inside the castle. He stealthily pressed himself in a shadowed corner as two new guards started coming out. Neither saw anything and took up a conversation with the two at the entrance. Cage used the diversion to pass into the interior and found himself in the grand audience hall. But as he slipped in he felt the telltale sign of magic. It was barely noticeable and it put him on high alert in case the magic was warning of his intrusion.
He didn’t get a good look of the surroundings as two young serving girls started coming his way and he didn’t have another corner in which to hide. Thankfully there was a square stone pillar near the wall he found himself. He ran at the pillar and up it for three steps before stiffening his legs and wedging himself against the wall. Cage held his breath as the two passed right beneath him without even realizing that they could have reached up to find him. Then they passed and went to the stairwell. He dropped down silently and saw only two others working in the huge hall.
The hall was nearly six square acres of nearly all open space. Two rows of square pillars made a path and were spaced about a hundred feet apart and from each other. Upon each pillar seemed to be braziers and were fed by oil being piped in from somewhere and were cut within the marble seamlessly. The ground had a long purple carpet that led from the entrance to a raised platform which had two intricately carved wooden thrones that could only be accessed by carved marble steps like a mini Aztec pyramid. Three large suspended chandeliers with candles filled the room with added light. Around most of the pillars were hanging bouquets of flowers and other festive decorations. The smell of the room made his mouth water as the food preparations had already began. A table to the side of the hall stretched its length and would become loaded with food very soon.
He quickly knew he needed a hiding place and grinned when he found one that would make a lesser man shrink. Cage moved away from his spot and used the shadows to hurry towards the throne. It surprised him how quickly he made it and the number of times he could have been spotted. He climbed the steps towards the thrones and looked above as they sat beneath an overhang of clear decorative value. It was ten feet tall and sturdy. Beside the thrones sat two more braziers that casted a perfect shadow above the floral overhang and the flowery decorations would break up his shadowy form even more.
Before he could be spotted, Cage jumped and grabbed the wooden ledge and pulled himself on top. He lay over the king’s throne and as he rolled onto his stomach he looked out of the decorations that stood higher than he lay. He gained a clear view of nearly the whole room. Several blind spots caused by the pillars hindered all points, but not by enough to overly worry. The only problem would be is if someone checked the platform. He’d be clearly revealed.
Now all he could do is wait and find these assassins.

Meeka awoke alone in her bed as her fears ebbed when she reached the safety the room offered. It had been the first time she had intentionally killed anyone. It was in self defense! She kept telling herself. She didn’t like taking a life because she had been taught to be a healer, not a soldier or hunter. The worst part she hated about the whole experience is that she was glad those men were dead. Not because of what they would have done to her, but to possibly someone else.
She shook her head to clear away the horrifying memories of blood and gore. Meeka got up and ordered another bath for herself since she had an idea of what Cage had planned. She felt it was too coincidental that he snuck out on the eve of the Summer Ball. This deal with a spirit made her come to believe he is about to do something she had to stop. She knew he didn’t have a problem killing, so long as it excites him. She felt fear if his target were the king. She wouldn’t stand for anyone bringing harm to such a kind man, not even from the one she cared for. She knew she needed to get into the ball and find him before he did anything she’d disapprove. Meeka just hoped her hunch is wrong.
The bath arrived soon and she bathed fully and spent nearly two hours trying to do the most intricate hairstyle her mother taught. Eventually everything held together as she slid on her dress and put on her dress shoes she bought yesterday. She looked herself over and knew she would be irresistible for her plan.
The Twinkling Bell staff scooped the buckets of used water before lifting the tub and taking it away. Meeka gave a copper to each boy for a tip since all she had left were four silver and two gold. She kept her money locked in her room and placed the key in the only place she could, between her breasts.
By the time she left the inn the streets were alive with festivities. Music filled the air as did the scent of food. Many wore their finest clothes and children played or went to watch the performers. Meeka smiled as she blended into the crowd as she had only one thing to do, get inside the castle. She went to a place where she’d at least get a chance. She went over to the wealthy estates and a person in particular who is known for having comely women accompany him. She went up to a lovely gated mansion and told the awaiting guard “Please tell your lord that Meeka, daughter of Tiffa and Cillian has come to say hello on this wonderful day.”
“Wait here, Milady.” The guard said and went inside to do as told. The other one looked Meeka’s exquisite beauty longingly. He still did his duty and remained still. It didn’t take long for the guard to return saying “Milord say you are most welcome at any time. Please allow me to escort you to the mansion.” He raised his arm and Meeka smiled happily as she wrapped her arm with his.
In a minute they crossed the grounds and entered the lounge room. A middle aged man of renowned handsomeness stood from his chair and gestured to three awaiting servants, who departed. The man’s voice carried happily. “Ah, dear Meeka. How good it is to see you again!”
The guard took his leave as she pinched the sides of her dress and curtsied. “Lord Kallerian, it is wonderful to see you again as well.”
He came up and smiled warmly to give her a hug and watched as she turned her head. She returned the embrace. “So what do I owe this honor?”
Meeka hated lying, especially to him. She did sound convincing though. “Father and Mother are busy this year to attend the ball at the castle and they sent me to tell you all is well in Kote. But I find myself in a predicament.”
“Come sit. What is the problem and how may I help?”
She moved to sit with him in his exquisite home. “In my travels to attend the ball I somewhere along the way lost my invitation. Last year you and Father were the only ones to dance with me and I was wondering if I could somehow make a request to be a guest of yours, if you have room?”
Lord Kallerian laughed lightly and laid a kind hand upon her shoulder. “It just so happens my date has gotten sick and I find myself without a suitable companion. It would be an honor to have a beauty such as yourself accompany me to the Summer Ball.”
Meeka clapped excitedly to say “Oh how I wish to thank you with a kiss on the cheek.”
He laughed. “That is the thought that counts, My Dear. We have a few hours before the dance. Would you like to wear what you have on or borrow one of the dresses I have for my escorts?”
Meeka knew if Cage were there he’d spot her instantly in the dress and realized she could fit in more comfortably if she weren’t so obvious. “Is this what you will be wearing?” He inclined his head. “Then my blue dress won’t properly accentuate your red. I would prefer to be seen more appropriately on your arm.”
“That is very kind.” The lord clapped and several servants entered. “Please take my guest to the ball wardrobe room and see to it she finds a dress befitting of her beauty.”
“Yes, Sir.” They said in unison and Meeka went to change.

All day the hall’s excitement began to build. First the decorating crew, led by a fierce old woman who reminded him of a drill instructor ordered the room to be spotless by a hundred young servants. Trays and trays of food and drink came in through the spiral staircases and were placed just so by the same woman who wanted everything perfect. Close to forty men in armor polished to a mirror shine stood against the walls. The blue crow stood out more dominantly on their breast plate. The braziers were capped since daylight streamed in enough to see comfortably by. Several times servants came to wipe down and polish the thrones beneath Cage’s hiding place. His dark clothing plus holding completely still since he took cover made not one person suspect anything is wrong. And outside he could hear the whole city having a wonderful celebration. A group of musicians came in a little later and began tuning their instruments for the night’s dance.
Morning turned to noon and it moved slowly to afternoon. By late afternoon Cage noticed the first couples began to arrive and all wore the most expensive jewelry and clothes money could buy. There weren’t any children, but teenagers seemed to be allowed to join. While the wealthy and distinguished guests came in the musicians began to play softly, filling the echoing hall with soft and relaxing music. Many men carried decorative swords at their hip and from the way they walked told only a few knew how to use the weapon properly. They showed off for merely posterity’s sake.
Cage didn’t really focus too much on the music as he began searching for any irregularities that could give away the would be assassins plot. None were above reproach in his focus. Back when he fought to save Megdline he remembered her saying what she was going to do with magic to help him fight bandits and it sparked an idea. All of the guards carried a primed and loaded crossbow hanging from their right shoulder and a sword to their left hip. Cage continued feeling the delicate touch of magic being constantly used in the castle so he began to do magic of his own with the same amount of power to not be noticed if another mage worked something. For each crossbow in the room Cage subtly broke the trigger mechanism and frayed the string so that any tampering would snap the twine. The closer ones were faster and easier to disable, but the ones further away took much longer with the same amount of tingling. The last five crossbowman were too far to work on without rising his magic above the constant. When he recovered he glared at everyone in his, as of yet fruitless, search for culprits.

Then the sky began to glow redder to tell that dusk had arrived. Just over a thousand bodies filled the room as the braziers and candles were relit. As the last recess caught fire a trumpet sounded dramatically and silenced the hall. The entire crowd turned to the stairwell and murmured quietly in anticipation.
Ten of Vlara’s top elite guards of large size and great equipment entered the room and took position before the stage. Behind them followed a physically fit man in a blue pair of pants and shirt. Embroidered in purple thread stood a dominant crow. At his hip hung an barely ornate sword, but one that has been used in fights with the person who carried it. Atop his head sat a gold crown with polished jewels and wasn’t overly ostentatious. On his arm hung a beautiful woman of about twenty years with dirty blonde hair and regally beautiful. On her brow was displayed a silver circlet. An exquisite dress of lavender wrapped elegantly around her that also held the light purple stitching of a crow enhanced her chest.
King Tate walked right up onto the throne platform and didn’t even suspect someone was laying just above him. His voice carried through the whole room. “Honored guests and friends! I wish to say thank you all for coming to the Summer Ball!” The crowd clapped loudly. “Our great land of Vlara has once again given us another bountiful year of life! She had fed and sheltered us and this day we give honor for such a prize! I thank you for being here this evening to celebrate the eight hundredth and sixth year of our nation’s birth! My daughter and I welcome you to eat, drink and dance!” The crowd cheered at the short speech and as the music began to rise above the noise of the crowd many began to dance. Tate turned to his only child. “Dear one, go out and enjoy yourself. Dance with whomever you want and have fun.”
She smiled and went down the steps to tap the helmet of the soldier with the greatest armor of the palace and said “General Kurk, would you like to dance?”
“I would be honored, Princess Amy.” He said and took her delicate hand in his large, studded leather gloves.
Cage stayed put and realized the king sat in his throne beneath to watch everyone enjoy themselves. They were somewhat alike at the moment. Wanting to dance, but things weighed heavily on the mind.
For the next twenty minutes Cage watched out for anything that might come near the man beneath him and for awhile things seemed as they should, but then Cage looked to the right as two soldiers came closer to speak with a man in his thirties and wore a servant’s uniform. No other knight moved from their current position or were so much as spoken to. It looked like the man was simply offering refreshments to the two, but the slightly erratic motions and suspicious head turnings gained Cage’s undivided attention. There was a brief exchange and he noticed the familiar glint of a knife pass from the guard to servant. The blade became hidden beneath the tray.
The three conspirators separated. The men acting as guards put a more than necessary hold on their crossbows while the servant moved across the room to load his tray with food and a glass of wine. When the servant began to approach the line of guards protecting the throne Cage felt a jolt of adrenaline and took off the cloth covering his head. “Let him up.” The king allowed.
The man acted with complete confidence, more than usual. King Tate tilted his head questioningly as the man took a few steps up and when he reached the half way point he completely dropped the ruse with the platter of food spilling across the steps. Then the king saw the flash of a dagger being raised above his head to deliver a death blow that couldn’t be thwarted in time.
Cage grinned as he flipped down off the platform, right in front of the wide eyed king. The servant looked up into twinkling black eyes and a glad grin. Cage knocked the blade aside and delivered a powerful kick right in the man’s sternum, sending the man sailing through the air and had twisted just enough to unintentionally land on his neck awkwardly to hear it snap.
The two men in armor watched the whole thing and were the first to react by pulling their crossbows that failed to fire. “Not today, Assholes!” Cage shouted and threw his hands out. Silvery arrows of light shot from each hand. The arrows pierced the men, but didn’t fall immediately as one would expect. Cage grinned more as the two looked at him and screamed as their bodies flew towards each other. The arrows were merely for distraction as his real intention was to make their armor become magnetically charged with opposite polarities. A loud clang pierced the room’s noise as the two men slammed into one another and couldn’t pull away once they connected.
The shout and noise made the music end and the crowd look around till they saw a man all in black stand so close to their king. The nearest guards, at the foot of the steps, looked between the serving man on the ground, who didn’t move anymore, and the one standing too close to their leader. The swishing ring of swords being drawn silenced all remaining noise in the crowd. The guards yelled all at once and charged Cage. “Bring it!” He shouted in a laugh and jumped right into the fray. Cage punched, kicked and elbowed all the while staying just out of reach of highly skilled swordsman. Their armor weighed them down and limited mobility and Cage used that to his advantage. His gauntlets and boots went right to work on pummeling the three he jumped on. He jumped again and landed on the level ground as five came to cut him down. Cage caught two blades barehanded and pulled himself while leaning down and twisting his arms to flip the two right on their backs. Cage sidestepped as a blade would have cut him in half and before the man recovered enough to cut again, Cage flipped to stand on his hands, wrap his feet around the man’s head and swung his torso in a head-scissor takedown. The man flipped alongside the struggling others as Cage spun to gather his legs to do a back-flip, catching the chin of two who wanted to strike while he was on the ground. Each were unconscious before hitting the marble floor.
Cage turned around to be met in combat by a huge man in the finest armor of silver and gold. General Kurk connected a solid punch to Cage’s mouth, pushing him back a step. Cage looked at the man as he touched his lip to find it had been split and bleeding. “Don’t move!” The large man ordered as he drew his sword.
“Are you kidding?” Cage laughed at the older warrior. “I’m having a blast! Let’s see who’s better, General!”
Cage rushed the general who didn’t hesitate to swing his sword while drawing a hidden dagger in his sleeve. Cage dodged the sword and received a shallow cut on his cheek from the knife. The general lost his helmet from a palm thrust and a broken nose from it being taken off so violently. In an astounding move, the general kicked Cage’s shoulder and as he fell Cage swept his foot to trip the armored warrior. Cage landed and was the first to get up and knock out two more guards who wanted to take a chance and were both floored in a single move.
The general got to his feet and began to charge Cage as he did as well when their came a woman’s shriek “CAGE, STOP THIS!!!”
The noise stopped both men to turn and look. In the moment’s lull of battle King Tate commanded “MEN! STAND DOWN!”
The two men each looked to their left and oddly asked “Meeka?” “My king?”
King Tate bent over to pick up the knife that almost took his last breath, finding it to be poisoned. He stood and shouted “I order all of you to sheathe your swords!” Like well trained soldiers, all of the guards, including the general, stood tall and put their blades away at the ruler’s specific command. The only ones who didn’t react were the ones Cage knocked out. “Do not attack that man any more. He has saved my life this day.”
Cage didn’t pay any attention as he looked at Meeka in a bright red dress that made her look as radiant as a queen. Still he yelled. “Meeka? What the fuck are you doing here?”
She fired right back as she nearly stomped her way closer. “Trying to keep you from getting killed, you dolt! Why did you fight the king’s men?”
“Because those sorry excuse for assassins were too easy to beat. Besides, Eleia promised me I’d enjoy a good fight. These guys obliged most kindly. Why did you stop me when I was having so much fun?”
A firm grip clamped down on Cage’s shoulder and he turned around and head butted whoever touched him. “I’m trying to talk here. Touch me like that again and I’ll knock your teeth out.” Cage turned back around to see Meeka had stopped moving and stared at him. The sounds of blades came free again.
“Stop! All of you!” King Tate commanded. He got up off the ground and said “I’d do the same so be at ease. That was my fault.” He shook his head and felt his nose had clearly been broken. “Sir? Look at me!”
“What do you want?” Cage turned around and realized what he did. He raised an eyebrow in response. “Want me to fix that?”
“Fix what?” Tate asked.
Before he could lean back, Cage’s arm grasped his crowned head and looked right at the nose. A blue light encased the whole nose and a faint crack sounded as the cartilage popped back in place and he repaired the blood vessels to stop the bleeding. “Better?” He asked as he let go.
The king felt his nose and said “Thank you. Now answer me this question. What was that name you said who told you that you could have a good fight?”
“I guess the cat is out of the bag huh?” Cage said, shaking his head for the slip of the tongue. “I made a deal with some spirit named Eleia. She told me about tonight’s murder attempt and had me take care of a problem your men didn’t see coming.” The general growled. “I haven’t had a good fight in a long time, Kurk. I would like to have another shot with you one day, but I suggest you go over there and detain those two lovebirds I stuck together. They are with the man I sent flying. Eleia said three conspired to take his life. That should be them all. I didn’t intentionally try to kill the servant dude. That one was an accident.” The general looked to his king who nodded. The old warrior pointed to three nearby warriors and sent them to retrieve the screaming men who were unable to remove themselves from each other. One spat at the king and missed. To gain back attention Cage asked “So do you know this Eleia’s spirit or something?”
King Tate looked at the tall man to find he wasn’t being facetious. “I do.”
“Then who is she?”
When the king didn’t reply Meeka stayed still fifteen feet away to say “Cage, What did the spirit look like?”
“A pretty woman with long hair. I couldn’t tell the coloring because she was different shades of white. Said she was a second class witch in life… oh she had a little bird that must have been her Familiar.”
“What shoulder did the bird stand on?” Tate asked in an emotional voice.
“The left.”
“Then, Cage, the woman you saw was none other than the King Tate’s late wife. She was Queen Eleia.” Meeka explained in a quiet voice that filtered through the hall which began whispering.
“Hm. Oh well. The jobs done. I’m outta here. You coming Meeka or do you want to party bit more?”
The king had never heard someone dismiss something so monumental so easily before. He asked “And what is the price I must pay to my savior?”
Cage looked back. “Nothing. Eleia and I made an agreement, which we both fulfilled. I don’t break a deal unless I end up screwed, in which case the petitioner will find out just how unlucky they were to double cross me. The night is still very young, Tate. How about we get back to the party?”
The general stomped closer to say “Impudent fool. You will address him as King Tate, your highness or my king.”
Cage levelly glared at the old man. “I have no king. I have no country. If he can die, he is still but a man. I do not worship men or anything else. He is neither my superior or my underling. If you wish to see me when I strip away my humanity and see how I really fight without restrain I will kill whoever stands in my way without care. If you want to make me kneel to Tate, I suggest you send everything you have because I will not be treated like someone less just because you fancy protocol. Life is for the fittest. If you wish to see who is more fit I hope you are ready to die.” Cage healed his throbbing lip, cheek and shoulder in a second to grin fully at the man.
“A warrior… Known for being bold… Beware should you see him grin… The last great prophecy…” King Tate whispered so low nobody heard him as he saw this new grin on Cage’s face. He had seen it when he merely toyed with his elite men, but the one he saw this time chilled him to his core. “Cage, you do not have to refer to me in any way you do not want. General, back down, I believe he can back up his words. Cage, I must ask, where is your home?”
“Why?” We wondered as he smiled at the shorter and stockier man.
“Because if you are a man of your word as Eleia must believe to have sent you, I would like to make a private proposition. You do something for me and I shall make good on an offer for you and any of your descendants for all time.”
“Now you’ve got my interest. If it’s private let’s go speak.” He went to go and looked over his shoulder. “I know you want to come. Don’t just stand there, Meeka, you’re coming right?”
“My King, would it be possible?”
Tate inclined his head. “Amy, please attend to the guests and continue with festivities.”
“Yes, Father.” The princess accepted the duty with a curtsey. “Play the music and restart the ball!”
Music began playing, but the crowd stared in confusion, trying to figure out what exactly just happened.
King Tate stared evenly at his long time friend. “General, be sure Amy is well protected. I want you to accompany me as well.” The general scooped up his helmet and broke his nose back in place to then give a series of hand signals to have the princess well guarded from any who approach. The sound of metal on stone clanged as the men took up a new position around her without suffocating her personal space.
“Hey, Kurk, want me to fix your nose too?” Cage offered.
“I prefer to heal as nature intended, unless there is no choice.”
“If that is your wish… Hey Tate, where’s the Head?”
The king looked back with further confusion. “On your shoulders. Where else?”
Meeka came closer and spoke. “It is what he calls the privy where he is from, Your Highness.”
“Oh… well I will show you on the way up. By the way, how long were you hiding above my throne?”
“A few hours before sunrise.”
“You’ve been there the whole time and weren’t seen? What were you doing?”
The four began walking to a spiral stone stairwell. The stairs were smooth from large amounts of foot traffic. The walls were as wide as Cage’s outstretched arms and made him glad he wasn’t claustrophobic. “Eleia didn’t give me a name or description of the men so I needed a place where I could get close to you without you or anyone else knowing. The infiltration wasn’t hard for me, but the long wait was. I knew something might happen with all these witnesses and in the confusion of your death those men might have escaped. Still, she was right about there being a good fight. Thanks for obliging.”
Meeka, half scared about what is happening, silently followed the three large men. King Tate chuckled as the general glared. The king asked “Are you battle mad?”
“Some have asked me that before. I can’t say for sure. I just love pitting myself against someone who knows how to survive. Kurk, you should be honored, you are the first person to land more than one hit on me in years. Who taught you to fight so well?”
“I learned in battle. And you are the first to survive my attack in over fifteen years. Never in my life have I seen a mage physically and intentionally engage in battle… Especially against me. You too should be honored.”
Cage grinned and laughed. “If you ever want a fighting partner I’ll be ready.”
“That, I will not forget.” He touched his nose.
A few minutes later the king pointed to a series of closed doors. “The castle privy chambers.”
“Finally!” Cage ran and entered. A minute later he returned and was glad an ewer waited in a corner to wash his hands, but had to dry them on his shirt. “Whew, I feel much better.”

Reaching the top of the stairs, Cage and Meeka walked down a long hall with paintings of past kings and queens of picture perfect detail. Long red tapestries framed the paintings and separated them. No more words were said until they reached the end of the hall, opened a large and thick wooden door that would act to practically soundproof the room. King Tate explained “This is my private meeting hall only my family, elite palace guards, servants or dignitaries of high station had ever seen. Nothing we say in here will leave the room unless I allow it.”
“Is that part of the magic I’m constantly feeling?”
“Yes, in fact the whole palace is spelled against certain magical things. My ancestor, Edic, the first king who claimed Vlara and built this castle was a great sorcerer and it protects the royal bloodline from several magical means.”
“Didn’t help earlier.” Cage commented as he took in the simple room. A long table had many chairs around it and there were two simple wooden thrones against the far wall. Like the whole castle, the room was made of pure white marble, polished to a near mirror finish. Carpets, stained glass windows and braziers humbly decorated the room.
“You’re right.” Tate said and pulled the dagger from his belt. “Even if I were stabbed and survived, the poison along the edge would surely kill me. It was nothing magical, so my home couldn’t defend me. It is why I have guards. And do not bother asking about the castle’s spells for they are very private and I’ll not jeopardize them by telling anyone not of my blood.”
“I wasn’t going to ask.” He said as Meeka entered the room and shut the door behind her. “So what is this offer you have for me?”
“Please, both of you, take a seat across from myself and my general.” Tate said as he pulled out a chair and sat at the table. Cage and Meeka sat directly across, not going all the way to the other end of the room since there isn’t a need. When everyone became comfortable the king sat still and appraised the two. Meeka barely held up against his intense stare while Cage seemed merely amused. “Your name is Cage, correct?” He nodded. “And if I’m not mistaken you are Cillian’s daughter, Meeka?”
She humbly said “It is an honor you know my name.”
“A man in my position must know a great many names, especially of the families who oversee the towns and cities. What I would like to know is how you are associated with him.”
She looked at Cage and felt more at ease being so near him. She was so glad he wasn’t seriously hurt and she could stop him from fighting. “He is my dearest friend and I am acting as his guide since he isn’t from these lands. I am sorry I couldn’t stop him from hurting your men.”
The king simply nodded. “So where are you from?”
“Cage Island.” Cage said calmly and smiled inside as Tate’s brow drew together.
“I know of no such place… Where is it?”
“It is my island that sits off the edge of Kote’s coast.”
“Are you speaking of the forbidden island that none can get to without dying a horrible death?” General Kurk asked humorously.
“That’s my island.” Cage replied.
The two men looked to each other and laughed till Meeka said “It’s true.”
King Tate saw they weren’t lying and asked “How?”
“It is my land so I know its secrets. Now what is this proposal?”
Tate looked to his friend who looked skeptically. “The agreement is this. If you deliver something for me, I’ll give you that island and you’ll never need to pay Vlara any taxes or be harassed by my collectors.”
Cage leaned forward. “You cannot tell me you’ll give me something that I already inherited. Tate, what gives you the right to say my island isn’t mine when you could never get near enough to touch it? Rethink what you just said.”
“Easy, General.” Tate said as he heard the leathery stretch of studded gloves making a fist. “Cage, as you said before, I’m just a man. Sometimes my words don’t come out as clear as I intend to make them. Give me a moment to explain and correct me if I’m wrong, but as you sit here, is there anyone living on your island as we speak?”
“Nope, but unless you know the way in you’ll never reach it anyway.”
“So there is a passage.” Tate confirmed. “What if in your absence someone stumbles upon it. The land wouldn’t have you there to protect it. What you also have to know is Cage Island, as it will now be called, is within Vlaran waters. That means your island is part of my kingdom. If you do not agree to my proposition I will have all the mages of my kingdom do whatever it takes to make it a stronghold since even as a boy I heard it has great strategic value. If you accomplish my job, that I believe you can manage, I will guarantee the land and any who succeed you will be protected under Vlaran law, but also retain autonomy and be unmolested by the rest of the laws I keep on the mainland. This proposition is not meant to be a threat or coercion, more like a job. One will be easy and the other, not so much. If you accept you will have this government’s support and protection.”
Cage’s jaw clamped and his eyes blazed as his body began to shake for hatred unleashed itself within. Meeka saw the immediate change from amusement to rage. She got up and forcibly turned his head to her. “Cage, look at me! Calm down… it isn’t what you think. King Tate has never broken a vow once since he became king… that’s it… look at me…” Her gentle and firm coaxing made his anger recede as he stared at her lovely and loving expression. Her gentle voice made his thundering heart relax.
“Was it something I said?” The king asked, seeing the unusual exchange.
Meeka saw Cage wasn’t in any condition to explain so she did. “My king, you must understand something important about Cage. Before we even met he came from a land very different from our own. There, he was his kingdom’s greatest warrior and he worked with other kingdoms best men and women. They did things together that an entire army couldn’t and were the best. The governments saw his group as a threat because they were too good at what they did and caused fear. The result of such petty worry ended in the very kingdoms getting together to send them into a trap. They didn’t realize what their kings had done till it was too late. All of the greatest warriors of each kingdom were slain, but Cage barely managed to survive. When he recovered he got vengeance on those responsible for the murder of his dearest comrades. Every conspirator died by his hands.
“That being said, he has a deep mistrust and hatred to governments and false promises of leaders. He comes from a place where a person’s word no longer means anything. For you to promise the government’s support brings back old memories and mistrust. I believe you because I grew up under your rule. He didn’t. My king, please do not think I’m being false, but you must not lie about any proposal you make with him for I have seen how he fights and if you betray him I know he will come after you and more than likely kill you. He truly does not see you as any different than the common people.”
“You cannot expect me to believe a man could do this?” The general asked.
King Tate thought in the following heavy silence. “General, put aside that he is an unknown mage. He infiltrated the castle, hid right above my throne all day without anyone knowing, then he takes care of three men trying to assassinate me and then fearlessly confronts your best men and fights them like children facing an adult. He toyed with our finest under his own strength and didn’t use any magic to do so. The castle would have prevented such trickery. Could any of our men even claim to do half of what I just mentioned? After witnessing what he did to your men I believe that he is truly a man of his word and will kill anyone who betrays him, commoner and king alike.
“Now Cage, I have another question, what class of mage are you?”
In a barely controlled voice he admitted “I was told I have the potential to become a first class sorcerer.”
Both the king and general swallowed. “Then you are the kind of person I need to barter with.” Tate said cautiously. “Deliver a letter for me and I vow upon my ancestors and Eleia that our navy will protect Cage Island from any attempting to claim your island for their own while you are away. You will never have to be taxed, nor will any who you allow to live with you. I would also like to add that if it is true you become a first class sorcerer and I request your presence, you will be allowed in the castle without being harassed. You will become friend of the king, if you like, but I need a way to tell the guards what you look like…”
“I haven’t accepted yet, but if I do you will know me by my gauntlets that are my flesh. Look closely at the top of my hand.” Cage extended it.
“A skull with black gems on the hands will work well.” Tate announced.
The four sat in silence, feeling the slight vibration of the castle from the music below. Cage didn’t like this situation at all. Meeka didn’t like seeing Cage in a difficult position either. The general watched the tall man like a hawk to a viper and would do whatever it took to keep his liege safe, even giving up his own life. The king simply sat and waited for an answer. Eventually Cage sat up a bit more and stated “I don’t see a reason why I need to kill whoever gets on my island if you can deter them or why I need to kill your men because I didn’t like taking an easy offer as delivering a letter. I don’t see why you can’t use a courier, but if it means I keep my island safe and undisturbed in its beauty I’ll do it. As for the friendship, we’ll see what the future holds and if everything works out, I’ll come on your request with an open hand instead of a fist.”
“Then we have an accord?”
“We do. I’ll deliver this letter for the payment and protection of my island. The only way the letter won’t reach the destination is if I die.”
“Then I have found the right person. As to why I don’t send a courier it is simple. This letter cannot be used by the common delivery methods. The couriers are usually witches or wizards, but I need greater than usual protection than that and seeing your fight and hearing your future talent as a powerful sorcerer has given me peace of mind. Now that job and payment have been agreed upon… Cage, the letter cannot be seen or revealed and must be personally delivered to the king of Emroc. You will find King Skylar at his capital Castle Emroc.”
“If I’m to deliver it to him personally and cannot show his guards, do you want me to sneak in?”
“No, you won’t need to do that. I will give you a letter for the general on duty to read. On it will be my personal seal and will describe you and your business. You must be sure that the guards send for him. By our laws of etiquette you can request to personally hand over a letter to a general and with my letter he will lead you to the king. My seal will give you what you need and the wax will have been spelled to prevent tampering so do not try to break it and fix it with a spell.”
“Anything else I should know?”
“Yes, do not use normal roads or get captured. Destroy the letter if you must. Currently, Emroc is at war with the Laqura Empire. Normal avenues will be watched closely by both sides. It would be best to leave from Vin’re’s port and go directly to Emrocan Port. From there you must decide how to get to Castle Emroc. Take your time and don’t be seen to be in a hurry. I will give you three months, plenty of time to get there. Anything else you need cleared?”
Cage looked down to his right to find Meeka had a pleading look in her sexy eyes. “Are you going to accompany me?”
“We’ve been through far too much for me to leave you. Of course I’m coming…” Then Meeka’s eyes widened as an idea popped in her head. “My king, General, now that we have your ear I must tell you of a problem we encountered on our journey here from Kote.”
The general sat more erect. “And what problem might that be?”
“Do either of you know the pass that cuts through the lowest point of the two mountains coming from Miot to here? Not the one that skirts the base.”
“I know of which you speak.”
“Good. Better start telling travelers to avoid the area if possible.”
“Why, have bandits been spotted?”
“Yes, and worse… We nearly died because of three wyrms, one big one and two younger whom were large enough to rip my horse in half and swallow whole.” The king and general glanced at each other and had her repeat the whole experience. It took some time to explain, but not enough to last forever. They didn’t talk about Megdline, but the bandits that Cage killed got the king to offer thanks.
The general said “I have heard enough to believe you. I had been getting disturbing reports of people missing without a trace in the area. With your permission, My King, I would like to take a patrol and hire two battle mages from the Vlaran Adventurer’s guild to go and look into the matter. They are territorial creatures, but it sounds to me like they are expanding and we cannot have those beasts roaming where they do not belong and endanger our citizens.”
“I agree, General. First thing in the morning cleanse the area of wyrms. I’ll contact the Magical Council and see what those things are doing over here. I’ll also check Apala, Willer and Traitor’s Port and see if they know how or why those gigantic beasts made it over the mountains without being spotted or reported to me. As for the two of you,” King Tate looked across the table. “I need some time to draft the letters and have them spelled. In the mean time I would like for the two of you to go enjoy the last of the party and eat what you like. I will return as soon as I am finished.”
“Sounds fun.” Cage said and stood to offer his hand. “Would you like to dance?”
“It will be an honor.” Meeka gleefully said, taking the offering.
They went to the door and were escorted down by the general.

At the main hall, when they arrived they were quickly greeted by silence. Princess Amy and her protection detail came close as she asked “Where is my father?”
The general said “He says he will be down shortly and to continue festivities. These two have brought urgent news that we must attend to. Princess, please enjoy yourself.” She inclined her head as the man went back up stairs. She clapped to say “Begin again!”
Right when the music began playing Cage took Meeka’s hand and placed his other on her lower back. He began to twirl her in front of everyone, not caring they simply stared at him and her. His confidence entrapped Meeka as she got swept up in the music and danced perfectly to his lead. For the crowd it seemed that they were perfect partners and danced more regally than the greatest dancers in the room. The music was neither fast or slow, but majestic as they floated across the floor. Meeka smiled happily. “You are a wonderful dancer.”
“I did tell you that before.”
“But now I know.” She said as he twirled her around again and pulled her chest flush against his.
As the music came to a close they were greeted by a wave of applause from all the spectators who watched something simply wonderful.
A tall and handsome man strode confidently towards them and asked “May I take the next dance.”
“Sure!” Cage said and grabbed the man. The crowd laughed at the startled look on the man’s face. “Oh you mean with her! Why didn’t you be more clear?” That got everyone laughing harder and the man eventually chuckled.
“Lord Kallerian, I’m…” Meeka began, but the well dressed man shook his head and gathered her up for another dance that began. When their conversation couldn’t be heard he said “Sorry? For using me to get access to the ball? For lying? I saw how you looked at him when he showed up and began fighting. You love him and that I know. Do not worry, I’m not upset, but your father will hear all about this.” Lord Kallerian laughed and he spun her. “Cillian’s going to fall off his chair when he hears a woman used me for the first time and it is his own daughter no less. We will be laughing like we did back when we met in the service. I can see quite a bit of him in you. He made my life exciting as well.”
Cage confidently approached the guarded princess. “Hey Amy, want to dance?” Hands immediately went to swords. “You boys want to try again? This time we’ll dance with death.” He grinned.
“I would love to dance.” The princess announced, stopping further hostility. The men began to voice objections and she simply walked right to the tall man all in black, took his hand, placed hers on a muscled shoulder as he placed his on the small of her back and began to twirl far better than anyone else she ever danced with. “What is your name, Sir?”
“Call me Cage, Amy.” He said confidently and began dancing towards Lord Kallerian and Meeka. Cage noticed they were talking and in a few seconds mirrored their dance steps with the princess.
“Cage, is it true you spoke to my mother’s spirit?” The elegant princess asked.
“Probably. Since I’m new to this land I cannot say for sure because I didn’t know her in life, but she does share facial traits with you.”
“She died when I was nine and I cannot even remember her face anymore… did she seem happy being a spirit?”
“Other than the concern for your father it seemed she was happy.”
“That is wonderful news indeed. Thank you, Cage.”
“No problem, Amy.”
This song ended sooner. Lord Kallerian pulled away and remembered last time to ask “Princess, care to dance?”
“I’d be delighted.”
Meeka and Cage reunited and danced a bit more and seeing them take the lead, others began dancing as well till nearly the whole room flowed to the music.
Two songs later Cage’s stomach took precedence and the two moved over to the buffet and had their fill. Only Meeka’s friend and the princess openly approached either of them for the wealthier class learned a healthy respect of fear tonight.

The night began to wind down two hours later when the king and general finally returned to the party. The last song was saved when the king and his daughter danced alone for all to see. The dance that night would be remembered more than any other Summer Ball than before.
Tate clapped twice to gain silence of the whole castle. “I wish to thank all of you for coming this evening and I hope to have you return all next year. Farewell to you all and safe journey back to your homes. For those heading south to Kote or Miot I must stress you use the road beside the ocean for there have been dire tales of wyrms being spotted. I will see to it that none of my people are harmed. Be well and safe journey.” He found Cage and Meeka and gestured them come.
In minutes the room cleared. Princess Amy kissed her father’s cheek and retired upstairs. When it was only them with the king and general the general unclasped his breastplate and handed over two letters and a small bag. Tate came close so that no others saw the exchange. “These are your letters and are titled ‘King Skylar’ and ‘Current General’ and the wax seal is mine. I’m a magician and was gifted to spell letters. If you say ‘Burn’ three times within two seconds the letters will turn to ash. Here is a little traveling money to pay for your trip. My friend Skylar will send word when he receives this and I’ll know our agreement is complete. Safe journey to you both.”
Cage stuffed the letters in his shirt and put the bulging sack in his pocket. He then shook the hands of both men. “Hey Tate, before I go, do you ever hold a fighting tournament?”
“It just so happens I hold one every Winter to excite my peoples. I can see you wish to participate.”
“You know it!” Cage laughed and walked away with Meeka after she curtsied.

Outside the palace and wall waited Lord Kallerian. “Ah, I forgot to bid you goodnight Meeka and it was indeed a pleasure to meet you as well Cage.”
Meeka then gave him a hug which he warmly returned. “Um, I’ll send someone to return the dress and I’d also like for you to ship my dress to my parents. It looks like I’m not going straight home like I thought.”
“Consider it done.” He kissed her hand and look up. “Take good care of her.”
“She already proved she can do that herself, but she has much more to learn.”
Meeka beamed at his praise while sad to have killed.
They split up and the two returned to the Twinkling Bell. Aniya welcomed them back and Meeka requested something to write with and Cage again watched the old fashion way to write with a quill and ink. She took out a silver from her personal money and handed it to a serving boy with the letter and dress she borrowed. The boy quickly left into the dark to deliver the note and dress.

Cage stripped out of his clothes and fell into bed after stashing away the letters. Before he dropped onto the bed though he stared in denial for in the fist size money bag were twenty silver and equal number of gold coins. Meeka sat down at seeing such treasure. Since the money counted evenly they split it between themselves. It’s never a good idea to put all your money in one place.
Just before he went to sleep he felt his covers rise and felt Meeka’s naked body push itself against his. In a quiet voice she said “I missed sleeping with you like this. I’ve been so scared these past few days that I couldn’t sleep well. Let me stay like this like we always have been doing since we left together.”
“You might have been scared, but you made me proud.” He grabbed her chin. “Here is your reward.” He tenderly kissed her lips and pulled away. “Now go to sleep. I need it too.”
She wanted more than that kiss, but she gladly accepted it.
In minutes both fell asleep.





Chapter 14

First thing in the morning waking up to a naked blonde bombshell felt wonderful. They ordered another bath and cleaned up. While they were getting dressed something he heard earlier nagged at him. “Meeka, what is a battle mage and a guild?”
She began lacing her boots up. “Vlara has three guilds. They are the Couriers and only mages can be part of it. Then there is the Adventurer’s guild who accepts men and women with adventurous qualities to accomplish tasks for posted jobs. You have to meet a certain criteria and be qualified as loyal to the crown. Mostly they are made up of warriors, reformed honorable thieves, healers and mages. Lastly there is the Scholar guild who roam the world looking for information. The Magical Council oversees this group because they want to know everything that is found. But only common, non-mage, people can join that guild.
“As for battle mages, it is just a term for Adventure guild mages who rely on offensive spells and cause great destruction. Most mages wear robes to signify what group they belong. Battle mages wear red, healers are white, green is common, blue are defensive specialists and yellow are all around casters.”
“So Megdline is an all around mage?”
“More than likely, if she is part of the Adventurer’s guild.” She stood and stretched. “I’m ready.”
“Me too!” he said, shouldering his pack.

They returned the key and first headed to the market for previsions. Afterwards they headed north to the port, where dozens of sailboats were tied to docks. Salty air and fish permeated every inch of the bustling docks. Cage couldn’t hold back a smile as he thought of how quaint these boats are that don’t pollute because of gas and diesel engines. He’d only seen a sailboat like these in a museum, movies or in books. Each one were fully functioning and beautiful works of impressive craftsmanship. Meeka asked “Do you have these back where you come from?”
“We used to over a hundred years ago, but our current sailboats look nothing like these. These antiques are quite nostalgic. I cannot wait to charter one.”
More than half the day went by as they searched for any ships heading to Emrocan Port. By late afternoon they boarded a merchant’s ship with five other families also heading to Emroc. The price was a fair single silver for them both. One of the families remembered Cage from his fight at the ball, but didn’t get close as he and Meeka were talking of fun, trivial, or healing matters. Mostly she said she had never traveled on a sailboat before and that she had never gone to Emroc either. They both enjoyed the conversation till the ship pulled away from port to begin sailing.

Close to two hours later the sun had set and they sailed by the stars like they did long ago. Cage, still unused to these foreign constellations, tried learning what he could from the captain who seemed pleased and eager to explain. In that time Meeka stumbled to the two excided men. “Um… Cage? I don’t feel… so well.”
In fact she looked downright as pale as a spirit and he moved away from the captain who shook his head while muttering ‘landlubber.’ He got to her safely thanks to the array of lanterns spread throughout the ship. She had all the signs and knew he had to act quick. Cage pulled her to the railing of the port side of the ship and grabbed her hair as she retched loudly overboard. She began to tear up as her stomach still heaved and only bile seemed to be all that remained. “What is wrong with me? I felt perfectly fine before we left. I shouldn’t be sick.”
He stood beside her, rubbing her back gently. “It is called seasickness. It’s caused because your inner ear feels movement while your eyes and body feel stationary. Your equilibrium is off and has made your senses go haywire to make you considerably ill.”
“But you seem perfectly fine.” She said as she wiped her mouth.
“That is because my body is accustomed to changes. Some people are more susceptible than others. I’ve never had motion sickness, but I do know how to help. You need to focus on something static, unmoving… The horizon’s out of the question since the night makes it impossible. Here focus on this while I go get something to settle your stomach.” He gave her a pea size orb of magic that changed colors so that her attention didn’t naturally stray. She sat down and cupped her hands around the easy magic to stare at it.
Meeka then said “My stomach is too upset to eat anything.”
“Trust me.” He said and left while she focused on something other than her stomach. Cage hurried below deck and found the kitchen area. The room was filled with food and spices and only one man worked and preferred to be alone. “Cook, do you have a few slices of ginger or apples and crackers?”
The man put his knife down to stare back at the tall man near his own age. “Those foods… you don’t look sick.”
“They’re for my companion. And you should be prepared for more customers I feel moisture filling the air. A storm is gathering and the lords and ladies who also booked passage will be in my companion’s state quite soon. If you got what I need I’ll give you a hand after I see she is feeling better.”
“In that case the food is on me if you keep them out of my kitchen.” The cook took out a ginger root and began slicing it. He pulled out a wooden plate to set down a few slices, added five crackers and a small red apple. “Be back before the storm hits and keep them out of my hair.”
“You got it.” Cage said and returned to Meeka who continued to focus hard on the small light she didn’t want others to see. He came close and sat right beside her. “How’s the stomach?”
“Sore and uncomfortable.” She grumbled irritably without altering her gaze as he wiped her clammy forehead. “But this seems to help.”
“Good, now chew slowly on this ginger.”
Meeka wrinkled her nose, but took the slice and chewed. She then noticed the platter as he reached down and grabbed an apple. She wondered what he was going to do with it as he put the fruit between his hands. Cage masterfully held the apple while gently squeezing, twisting in opposite directions all the while pulling the red fruit apart. Without need for a knife, Cage broke the apple in half. Meeka’s jaw dropped as he split an apple in half without anything except his bare hands. “How did you do that?”
“Lots and lots of practice.” He stated and handed over a half. “Spit out the ginger and take a bite to suck out all the juice. I’d make proper apple juice, but right now this is the best I can offer. When you have sucked out all you can, spit it out. Your body needs the sugar. Later, when your stomach settles I need you to munch on the crackers. If you begin to feel ill, chew on the ginger again.”
“Why are you telling me this? Are you going somewhere?”
“Because a storm is on the way and I’ll feel better if you went below deck for awhile. Take the plate with you. And remember to focus on the magic I gave you while chewing. Do you need help going down?” She shook her head. Though her attempt proved otherwise, she did make it down to keep an eye on their packs while he went back to help the cook.
Twenty minutes later the storm arrived, and with it, the sick needing help. Cage already had enough plates to give to everyone, including sailors who were simply hungry and enjoyed the rich families in distress. The cook got to work in peace as Cage did as promised. The weather wasn’t overly turbulent, neither were the waves. It lasted maybe an hour and not one person had been injured. Meeka unfortunately had to make a bucket her new best friend for the rest of the night. He got a few hours rest though and didn’t have any problems.

The new day greeted most who grumbled from discomfort. The sailors and Cage found it entertaining. With daylight Meeka found herself feeling much better and she looked at the horizon every time she felt queasy. A strong eastern breeze pushed the merchant vessel as fast as the water would allow.
The wind stayed with them all day long and an hour before nightfall they spotted the eastern shore of Emroc. Night fell and made spotting Emrocan Port easy since light could be spotted further in such darkness. The helmsman skillfully pulled the boat into port and docked. Meeka became absolutely delighted to have solid ground beneath her feet again.
For the night they stayed at an inn and she asked for a single bed, never outright saying it, but never wanting to sleep without him again. He didn’t mind the companionship nor care so long as she kept to the deal. She did.

First thing in the morning Cage and Meeka sat on the edge of the bed while looking at the map together. “Since we won’t use traditional routes I say we follow the beach north for three days and cut directly west to Castle Emroc.”
“Why do you say that? We could cut through the Darshay Mountains. At least mountains will have plentiful vegetation and streams.”
She shook her head. “Dragons and other creatures like to live in mountains. Besides, I don’t like them so much anymore after our last trip. From what I heard in my brother’s letters, the Tribal Plains will be open so we can move in any direction we need to. Besides, I’ve been told that the plains have many medicinal herbs and tubers which you like to eat.”
Cage rubbed his freshly shaved jaw. “It would make sense. Fewer trees would make our trip easier and we wouldn’t need to worry about something hiding in a dense pack of trees. Large animals wouldn’t be able to sneak up on us easily, but it will also mean we’ll be out in the open with little to no cover. It certainly wouldn’t be on any established trails… To make good time I think you should get another horse.”
She liked how he approved of her idea without making her feel fear because of mountains. Since he accepted her plan she nodded back. “I know I need a horse. With my money, I can easily get a good roan. To save time would you allow me to go to the stables while you gather provisions for our packs?”
“You’re capable of handling yourself. I’ll meet you at the north side of this port, by the beach in what say… two hours?”
Meeka stood up an stretched. “I’ll be there. Since there isn’t time to spar today I want to set aside two hours for tomorrow and the next four after that since we’ve been too preoccupied recently.”
“If that is what you want.”
She put her hands on her hips. “What I want is to make love with you. I need more than one hour to get enough skill to reach that goal. And I know your manhood will hurt me, but it won’t hurt half as much as all the training I’m enduring. I cannot fully understand how a man can refuse and not want to feel the pleasures of a woman who wants to share her love, but for me to win I need more time.” Then Meeka put her face right in front of his and seriously looked in his eyes. “And when I get that drop of blood I will make you mine. I will show you the love of a real woman. And so long as you live and I do I’ll keep proving it to you. I love you Cage and when the day does come that I achieve the impossible and cut you I will show you just how much.”
She loves me? Cage asked thoughtfully. But I can see she means it. At least she might think she does. I wish she’d find someone better. She could have someone else and I can keep living in shadows. How can she love me, knowing so much already. What could scare her away… besides a wyrm… even if she does manage to win the price and bed me. How can she show love to any man like me, who doesn’t know if it’s even possible to return it. He smiled back and kindly said “I await the day.”
She leaned closer and kissed his lips before he could react and smugly smiled. “I will do anything to make it come sooner, but you will do your best. You cannot help it for it is what I’ve come to love. You just better be capable of raising your lance the day my flower beckons.”
His brow drew. “Flower? I get the lance metaphor but how is a vagina a flower?”
She stopped by the door to smile mischievously. “Like a flower my womanhood swells and blossoms. I have a bud and nectar. How is my womanhood not like a flower? It is delicate and beautiful as any of nature’s beauty.”
“I’ve never thought of it that way. I guess it’s better than any other name I know. And since I’ve seen you naked I can say you have the nicest flower I’ve ever seen.”
She stepped out the door with a sway to her hips. Before closing it she added “Just wait till you feel what it’s like to pollinate.”
Cage dropped back on the bed to laugh at the woman who had changed so much in so a short time. Meeka heard the delightful sound and felt more confident of herself because of it. Before Cage came into her life she never could really open up and speak her mind, but now she could talk about things that would have mortified her if she spoke with her family. He was an outlet and couldn’t wait for the day he made good on his promise.

Right on time, Cage thought as Meeka approached on the back of a roan mare of good breeding. She grinned as she pulled alongside her exquisite companion. She couldn’t wait to explain. “Isn’t she beautiful? The stable master was a bit stubborn about parting with her.”
“And you flirted and bent over slightly to make him cave in.”
“It wasn’t a him, more like a her who appreciated my flirting very much. I got this mare for fifteen silver and it included a saddle and tack. She was even re-shoed only yesterday. She is quite spirited, but also has a confidence in her that will be good for us. She’ll definitely make noise if there is something she doesn’t like.”
Cage walked up and handed over Meeka’s filled pack. While she secured it he went up and petted the beautiful mare and also allowed her to get comfortable with his scent. “Let’s get going.” She said eventually.
Running along the beach gave Cage a nostalgic feeling of being back on the island again and circling it for months to regain strength. Meeka kept riding skillfully as Cage ran as he did before with her last horse. It felt good to run without slowing and risk making her feel like she slowed him down. The ocean air felt terrific as the wind blew gently against their back while the salty-sweet scent made the environment lovely and relaxed. The horse responded to the air happily and Meeka had a feeling she wanted to run. She asked if it would be alright and Cage shrugged saying he’d catch up when he could. Responding to a gentle squeeze, the roan whinnied a moment before running full and enjoyed the freedom to run, just like Cage does. There wasn’t any way to outrun a horse so he didn’t try. Small and gentle waves glided up and down the beach in low tide. Just the beauty of the beach invigorated him.
For the next six hours Cage ran alone, still following the same set of horse tracks the whole time. Eventually he found Meeka laying on the bedroll in the white beach sand while the horse grazed in a nearby patch of lush grass. She said “Glad you can join us. I think this is a good place to make camp tonight. I didn’t realize how far she took me till she finally slowed. She is quite fast. While I waited I found a few coconuts and I remember how much you said you liked them.”
He smiled as he lay his bag down and sat on a corner. “I see you’ve already had one.” She smiled and he noticed why she stopped here on the beach. It lay near a freshwater stream that bled into the ocean. They had food, freshwater, sat above the waterline and the sky above said it would be clear the whole time.
It was an ideal location.
Cage ate his fill and enjoyed the banquet. He and Meeka went skinny dipping in the ocean as night started to fall and knew the water to be crystal clear and safe enough. Then they went to sleep on the beach, listening to the constant surf of the ocean.

They ran together for the next two and a half days, not finding any human’s although there were old, broken down shacks from a long time ago. Yesterday it rained and Cage made sure the water didn’t touch the bag so that the letters didn’t get wet. The rain came in short bursts and was enough to soak them both. For warmth they each stripped and held onto each other. Not since the first encounter in bed had Cage nearly lost himself. At that time her flower sat just above his manhood and he nearly lost control as it began to harden. Meeka shook from the cold and didn’t feel it. If she only knew it would take just a little push as a peck on his cheek would result in her getting blissfully impaled. By the time she recovered she spun back around and leaned back against his warm chest.
On that next day they turned west. It was slow going at first, trying to cut through the foliage near the beach. Eventually they had to settle down in a natural clearing and continued enjoying each other’s company. Meeka had returned to take her stance and just barely made it an hour before her legs gave out. In the mornings she received her allotted two hour training session and gradually improved to become an intermediate fighter when she landed four glancing blows. She wasn’t a match for his speed, strength or skill, but she grew nonetheless more proficient. Her moves became faster and sharper with the extra hour’s work and he admitted she nearly cut him. She still dreaded harming anyone though she came closer to having a dream fulfilled.
Thick trees and shrubs began to thin as the day wore on and trees made way for rich golden fields of grass as far as the eye can see. They stayed there to admire the simple landscape with the bright blue sky. There were many butterflies fluttering and it drew the eye to many flowers hiding just beneath much of the plane.
The two moved due west over the open land.

Near noon, two days later, Meeka decided to let her horse walk beside Cage since they were making great time across the expanse. If not for Cage’s unerring sense of direction she’d fear they were getting lost without any landmarks. A movement in the distance caught her eye. They widened fully when she clearly saw. “Cage, what are those?”
He looked to smile. “Those are bison or another name is buffalo, Meeka. Think of them like wild cattle. I’ve never seen wild bison before. They are quite rare back home and very few are wild like these.”
“They are funny looking.” She giggled.
“But very strong and dangerous. If you ever get charged, sidestep because it can’t turn much at all. If they stampede run away and…”
Suddenly Cage here a whooshing zip fly right by his left ear. He tensed and didn’t move as his eyes roamed the area. “Cage, what’s wro…”
Slowly he began raising his hands up. “Meeka, raise your hands very slowly. We’re surrounded.” Blood drained from her features as she looked around. Over twenty people were standing where none were a second ago. Men and women alike stood nearly naked, held bows aimed right at them both. Cage studied their camouflage as the people tied grass, flowers to their hair, arms and backs. Each looked like Native Americans with coppery skin, black hair and the men never looked to have shaved their smooth jaw once. It wasn’t required. They each carried bows, five or so arrows and a knife strapped to their bare thigh or forearm. Most had tribal tattoos that made them fierce looking and acting the part wasn’t an issue. When bows tightened more he whispeed “Put your hands up.”
Her arms immediately went skyward.
“We mean no harm. If we are tressp…”
A hunter stalked right up behind Cage unaware of him doing so. A swift strike on the back of his head with a rock knocked Cage completely out. Meeka stared in horror as someone had actually snuck up and did that. She believed him invincible, but right then she was alone with twenty armed people.
Meeka felt a surge of rage at seeing Cage being hit and fall. She yelled and skillfully jumped on the man who was surprised. Not for long though. She drew her knife during the jump and stabbed him right in the neck as she landed. She got up to find five angry looking women with drawn knives running right at her and Cage. She knew there would be no hope without Cage’s help and they would be captured or killed. The letters! She thought. “Burn! Burn! B…” before she could finish saying the final word in full to destroy the letters one of the women leapt and tackled Meeka hard on the ground. Meeka struggled and got a thin cut into the woman before the others pinned her helplessly to the ground and took her blade away.
The unexpected happened next. “Peace, sister-warrior. Be calm.” The younger middle aged woman atop her soothed in a calming tone. “You have no reason to fear.”
Meeka shouted “THEN WHY THE FUCK DID YOU ATTACK US?!”
The woman blinked at the outburst. The entire area became silent till someone said “He is dead. Cleanly cut through the throat.”
The woman nodded without looking from Meeka’s intense blue eyes and said “You killed a member of our tribe. What do you have to say for yourself?”
Meeka’s tone lowered threateningly, not knowing where such anger came from her. “Give me my knife back and you’ll see how much I care.”
The whole area began to outright laugh with amusement. The firm grasp the woman used to hold down Meeka’s shoulders slacked. She looked to the others women to say “Let’s help our sister up off the ground.” They chuckled and Meeka found herself standing soon after, surrounded by many striking naked women and a few men. A single strand of strange beads were decorated in each tribe member’s hair. Not one looked under or overfed as they each were built solidly. It was difficult to tell with all the camouflage, but none were in any way homely. The woman who first tackled Meeka held up a hand and all silenced at the gesture. “Sister, by what name do you go by and who taught you how to fight so fiercely?”
Meeka felt surrounded by strangers, but not one person looked at her with anything less than adoration. Not a single weapon was aimed at her and the people around her seemed at ease and welcoming. She didn’t take any chances, hoping Cage would recover and help her escape. “My name is Meeka and my teacher is the man you attacked.”
Every woman’s brow drew as they looked over at Cage and back at her. “You jest? A man taught a woman how to fight?” Someone spoke.
The apparent leader commanded “Silence.” They gave it to her. “Meeka, the man you killed died a stupid, dishonorable fool. We warn outsiders away or kill them if they do not listen or are first to attack. We do not attack from behind unless they are prey. He disobeyed our tribe’s law and would have been killed regardless if you hadn’t done so. He was a stupid man who would have bore stupid children. You saved us from raising such a generation. Do you know of the tribal peoples?”
“Not much, only that you value strength and your own laws.”
“That we do.” She held her hand out to the side and Meeka’s knife appeared in the woman’s hands from a nearby young woman. When she began to walk forward, Meeka took her stance to fight and the woman seemed delighted at such a response. “Today you proved you have the fire to fight and protect. Does your teacher mean much to you.”
“He is everything to me. If you think I’m strong wait till you see how capable he is.”
The woman grinned. “I like you! Here!” She offered the bloody blade back.
Meeka took it as quick as a snake and flipped it to the way she’d been taught. “Why did you give me my weapon back?”
“Because our tribe value strong women above all. You killed a stupid man, but you did kill him. For an exchange we must find a suitably strong man and you just happen to have one. Our tribe’s strength depends on it. If you come with us to our tribe I can guarantee you and the man live for our dishonorable actions. As we have witnessed, you can become a good mother, but the priestess must judge if you’ll be good for our tribe. As for your man, he must be tested for the strength he can bear in children. You can come willingly or by force. I prefer you to see our home and become one of the few outsiders to join our sisterhood willingly. What is your preference?”
Meeka caught a glimpse of two men standing over Cage with knives and understood the best choice. “I’ll come willingly, but first I need to check on Cage.”
The woman raised an eyebrow at the name before nodding. Meeka strode forward with cautious steps and white knuckles on the handle, but the naked people backed away after hearing her choice. The two knife wielding men didn’t move back until the barely older woman nodded. Meeka knelt and looked at his head to find only a shallow cut in his scalp and her gentle fingers couldn’t find any fractures. She took off his pack and rolled him over in the thick grass. She sighed though it was difficult to see his black iris contract in the dark pupil. “Good he is only out of it… no permanent damage I can tell.” She touched his cheek tenderly.
A shrill whistle pierced the air and Meeka looked around to find the bison fleeing as twenty or so horses galloped without riders towards them. The hunters began ripping off grass from their arms, back and hair. The women look more kind and fiercer than before without the debris, their breasts standing out proudly. The lead huntress pointed to the two male hunters. “Throw your brother over Meeka’s horse and give me the reign. Meeka, you ride with me.”
Not having any choice in the decision, she watched as Cage was tossed over and tied down as the woman whistled softly and a horse happily came closer. Neither a saddle or reigns were on the horse as the woman climbed and offered a hand Meeka reluctantly took and was pulled up.
The others mounted and at the head sat the huntress and Meeka. She squeezed the horse’s sides and held the lead, which Meeka’s roan followed without aggression. Cage didn’t stir.
Grass beneath the horse blurred as the hunters crossed the open fields of grass beneath a clear and warm sky. Meeka wrapped an arm around the woman’s firm middle to keep from falling while keeping a worried eye on Cage as he bounced up and down over the saddle of her horse. The other tribal people kept staring at her much more differently than expected. She expected anger or hostility from the horrible deed she committed yet they smiled admirably at her.

An hour past noon Meeka noticed a difference in the vast landscape. Little pointed objects popped up on the flat ground. She realized they were trees. The riders headed straight for it.
About that time, Cage regained consciousness after the jarring sensation finally woke him. His head and body hurt all over as he came around. His eyes saw the ground and it made his aching headache worse. It wasn’t difficult to figure out he had been draped across a horse. His hands were bound and it required all his attention to look at them. He knew he didn’t have time to calmly assess the situation or loosen the bindings without being seen. Using magic, he cut off the knot on his hands and looked behind the horse. Several riders were around him and he had to take a chance since he didn’t see Meeka and that made him angry.
With a move none saw coming, Cage pulled himself onto the horse, stood and scanned his surroundings. Immediately he spotted a golden haired beauty. Meeka saw a grin begin to form and she yelled “Cage! No! Don’t kill anyone!”
His smile faded into confusion as the whole party came to a stop to stare at a man standing on a horse’s back without trying as she galloped. Few had the nerve to do something so dangerous and none looked so at ease doing it. “Meeka, explain.”
Cage heard the unique sound of a bow being drawn back, began to grin again, and saw only one man doing so. Before anyone could react, Cage did a back flip, landed on the ground and punched the horse right on the snout, making it rear back and throw off its rider. Cage kicked the man in the head. A second man drew his bow, but not before Cage got a hold of him, pulled him down, grabbed an arm and an ankle and threw the man atop the one he kicked.
“Hold!” The lead huntress ordered.
Meeka got down and yelled “Cage, stop! They are taking us to their tribe, not kidnapping us. They promised us safety for the dishonorable actions that one of them did to you.”
He noticed her hands as she got closer. “If that is your blood I’ll kill them all.”
The whole party heard this and drew their bows. Meeka saw this and said “It isn’t mine so you do not need to fight. I killed the man who attacked you and by my actions, somehow put us in this situation…”
A woman atop a horse came closer to say “You have my word as lead huntress of this party that our first intentions were to get you off our land. We did not order the man to dishonorably attack. Meeka has chosen your fate wisely. If you come with us you will not be harmed.”
“And what is to stop me from killing all of you right here and now and leave anyway?” Bows and arrows tightened more. “Good…” Cage saw an arrow loosed in warning. Before their very eyes they watched as he caught the arrow out of the air, kicked up a bow at his feet, strung the arrow to loose it right at the woman who fired the shot. It wasn’t an easy catch, he missed more times than caught, but the feather fletching cut her cheek. She sat up straight in terror. “The next person who shoots another arrow will have it returned in their eye.” He declared with a smile.
The effect it has was immediate. Arrows lowered at the expert skills he just displayed. The lead huntress looked sharply between the two. “Meeka, what you say is true. He is very dangerous. That is good to see. Come, we must bring you to the village.”
“Why?” Cage asked as he lowered the bow in his hand.
“Because it is our tribe’s law. Your woman killed one of our men. I have no doubt from the skill you just showed that you can become a tribe member. We need men to father strong children. Meeka will undoubtedly become a Sister. We value strong women. She knows how to kill when danger is near. She will have any man of her choice, who can beat her that is.”
“Do you have any mages?”
“Why do you ask?”
Meeka turned to the woman. “Because I was cursed as a baby. My kiss kills.”
This news unsettled the hunters. “If your kiss kills then how can you…?” She shook her head. “It is not right for me to step outside my place. You must see the priestess. She will know what to do.” She looked to the others. “Ride ahead and tell the tribe we’ll have visitors. Inform the elders and priestess of them as well to hold a ceremony.” The other hunters kicked their horses to the village. “Please, may we continue to the tribe?”
“Since you said please.” Cage replied with a sarcastic smirk. “Meeka, do you want to go there or leave?”
She looked between the slightly older woman and Cage. “I’m afraid, but they could have killed us easily. Instead of using arrows to kill me or you when you were struck, they let us live. I think we need to go and see about leaving their land without angering them. They are well known for being dangerous.”
“That I do know. Its only the fourth time that someone snuck up on me from behind and knocked me out.” He looked to the woman on the horse. “And I can tell you are great hunters because I didn’t see you till you stood up. I must offer congratulations. Now that I know what to look for you won’t sneak up on me again.” She smiled in an accepted challenge. “What will we expect when we get to your village?”
“So long as you do not attack you will be safe till you meet the priestess of the Utala.”
“And after we meet this priestess? Will our safety be assured?”
“That I do not know, just to not anger the priestess. She is the leader of our tribe right now and the most dangerous. I would not do anything to upset her. She is not kind to men who are disrespectful.”
“If she’s a good fighter then I must meet her at least. Meeka, mount up and let’s get this over with.” She did as he said and while attention moved off him for a few moments he healed the shallow wound on the back of his head without anyone knowing.
Cage took off running after seeing his pack tied on her horse. Meeka caught up first and the woman looked at him questioningly. “Why do you run when riding’s faster?”
“I do not make an animal do work that I can do myself. I might not ever be able to outrun a horse, but my endurance is just as strong.”
Silence came next as they ran towards the Utala village. Before the trees, structures became more defined and Cage became more surprised when he noticed they weren’t huts or small homes, but actual teepees he knew of Native American peoples. Fifty or so cone shaped buildings took up about eight to ten acres of land, leaving plenty of space to walk around. It looked to be a close community of strong individuals. Less grass grew around the tribe’s current home, but many medicinal and edible plants had been cultivated here. Cage knew these people were true hunter-gatherers. As they got closer he found that everyone stood just as they had been born, naked. It was another hot day and he too knew the benefits of letting it all hang out. Most of the people carried a knife strapped to a thigh and bows and arrows were always near to be used by anyone. Many of the members were beautiful women and it looked like for every four or five women was a man. Most were young adult to middle aged with few having grey hair because life is hard and very dangerous. It was the same back on Earth before the intrusion of explorers. The Utala thrived in the harshness, but had become very dangerous to do so. The women were all toned with strong muscles so that they would be as likely to fight to the death as any man. Tribal tattoos marked many, accentuating a woman’s curves or the muscles of a man. Each tattoo is unique and looked amazing for the individual. His eyes returned to the teepees to find long poles lashed at the peak where they crossed and were walled with sewn together animal hide and were painted with intricate pictures and colorful paints. Horses roamed free yet stayed away from the plants their owners farmed. On the other side of the village came the glint of water from a lake and a grove of trees that supported these peoples’ needs.
Cage slowed to a walk and the huntress stared as he didn’t even look short of breath from the three mile run. The woman said “Meeka, you must walk from here. Do not go for your knife unless you are asked, for your own safety. I will take care of your horse while the gathering is being held.”
Meeka dropped down and moved close to Cage as she felt uncomfortable being stared at by over two hundred individuals. A large man layered in muscle approached to deeply say “Follow me to the gathering. Any threats will not be tolerated.”
Cage grinned. “I never make threats I cannot deliver. You don’t attack us and I won’t kill all of you.”
The man gave a sharp nod and turned around like a soldier.
Confidently, Cage and Meeka followed as they were being blocked from any escape attempt. He began to take everything in while she moved and shook slightly from the danger these people posed. Now that he was able to be so close he counted sixty eight teepees with one nearly twice the size of the others in the center of the village. His six foot six height made it a great advantage as just a few people’s heads came above his shoulder. He and Meeka were the only ones with a golden tan while everyone else commonly had coppery skin, brown eyes and black hair. Men and women both wore beads in their hair and they seemed to have meanings he didn’t understand yet. Not one person was dirty or smelled foul of body odor, like all took regular baths or swam in the spring fed lake.
His observations were ended as Meeka commented “Cage, I don’t see any children. Do you think they are cursed people?”
“Doubt it.” He said, knowing full well the tribe listened in to their conversation. “Back where I’m from and the stories I remember said tribal peoples commonly took all their pregnant women and children to safety when anyone dangerous or unknown arrived or if they knew of an impending attack from rival tribes. My guess is the children are being hidden somewhere to the west with all the trees.” Many hands went to weapons for his conformation, not all weapons were drawn yet. “In a women dominated society like this, children are their first concern. Look at how every woman is carrying herself around us. Meeka, don’t stare at their breasts and good appearance. They are keeping a hand on a knife or a bow and are more concerned with me doing something, as they should.”
“How can you be so calm?” She whispered.
“Because I think it’s funny.” He laughed, throwing everyone off their defense. “If I didn’t worry about your safety I’d be having the time of my life fighting everyone here.”
An old man’s voice then interrupted “Then it is good she keeps you from doing something foolish.” and coughed a few times.
The large man moved aside and showed seven elder members. He, the speaker, being the only male elder. The whole tribe pulled away about twenty feet. Arrows were notched, but weren’t drawn or aimed. They wouldn’t be hard to bring up though. The naked old man sat in a semi circle of likewise older women who all had long gray hair and ageless eyes that have seen much in their harsh life. Cage cheekily said “If you are the priestess I feel let down.”
The older man smirked. “I am not the priestess, Trespasser. I am leader of the elders. Who might you be?”
“I’m Cage. So what can I do to make this show end?”
“Show?” A woman at his side asked. “What mean you by this?”
Cage turned his back to them and stared. “I can tell you are the leader by how others move around you. They hide you from me, Priestess. I see you glaring at me from behind the shoulder of that well muscled woman in front of you. No use hiding from me. These old people don’t do a damn thing except guide and teach the young. Elders offer guidance and wisdom. They don’t enforce or lead anymore. You on the other hand are different. Your peoples body language defer to you in submission. You’re the badass bitch around here.”
Meeka turned around and saw pure shock spread through everyone.
Cage watched as the thickest grouping of people began to spread. In strode a young, ethereal woman in her prime. Silky and straight black hair brushed her shoulders. In a few strands of hair were three beads in a row. One was blue, the middle is yellow and the bottom orange. Full firm breasts lightly bounced as she practically glided forward. She was built solid for a woman at six foot, but didn’t distract from her obvious beauty. She is soft and delicate of feature and it was just a distraction like a Venus fly trap. Beautiful yet deadly to any who get close. Her lips weren’t as fill as Meeka’s though they were just right for her. Hard brown eyes glared at him and her hands rested on each thigh where two dark tomahawks of exquisite beauty were lightly sheathed. Her face was unblemished and beyond beautiful. She was just like Meeka yet different. But where Meeka is full in the bust and hips, this woman had long and amazing legs. The priestess stopped fifteen feet away and sized up both Cage and Meeka. “You know much more than any man who has come to the Utala before.” She said in a calm and confident tone. “How do you know of the workings of my people, Outsider?”
“Where I’m from, we had people in our past who lived like you do today. I am curious though, why do you glare at me?”
“Because I was told you are dangerous and caught an arrow out of air with your hand. And your clothing can hide many weapons…”
Cage’s grin made her hands tighten on the tomahawks. He then grabbed and remove his shirt to drop as his side. He loosened his belt, unbuttoned and dropped his pants. One of the sleeves caught his foot and he kicked it off.
The look on the priestesses face and that of every woman lost all fierceness. They couldn’t help staring at his enormous manhood or imagine the pleasures it could give. Every man in the tribe lost all pride in themselves for only a few could claim to even say they were half as big. They looked all over his lean and deceptively muscular frame. He was built for speed, efficiency and give unknown pleasures.
Meeka also began removing her clothes, but kept her boots on and knife close. Once her naked beauty was revealed she found it impossible to keep her nipples from hardening out of embarrassment. She looked upon the priestess’s beauty and found herself very much liking what she saw, even in the discomforting situation.
The priestess looked at the twos physical admiration and a hunger she never thought she’d feel again or want to made her heart thrum. They were the two most beautiful people she couldn’t look away from. She was the first to recover and found her voice was more throaty than usual as her heart raced. “Woman, take off your shoes and man, do the same and slip off those things on your arms.”
“My name is Cage and this is Meeka. What is yours? I hate titles.” He said in calm defiance.
The priestess waved her hand once to forestall any hostility for tribal law and custom weren’t broken… yet. “I am Brooke, Priestess of the Utala and high warrior of my people. Now do as I say and remove everything.”
“Sorry, but the armguards and boots are of my flesh. If you don’t believe me come check for yourself.” Cage stated with crossed arms as Meeka took off her shoes and sat them away, not wanting to anger the hatchet wielding woman. Cage smiled for he knew she could throw herself to get the knife and take two down before being overwhelmed. Meeka does learn quick.
Brooke went to move forward when the male elder stood and firmly touched the outsider’s firm arms. The old man watched closely for any deceit, but found Cage’s eyes focused only on the priestess. He said aloud “It is true. His arms feel like flesh while as hard as meteorite ore, Priestess Brooke. It is the work of magic I believe.”
“You’d be right, Old Timer. These were a gift made for me. I prefer to fight barehanded and these are perfect weapons.” He flexed and every person saw his corded muscles bulge. “They are discreet and very durable.”
Brook took a step closer and asked “What is the design on your hands and are you a magic-man?”
“They are skulls with gems for eyes and yes I am.”
The tribe became uneasy, except for Brooke. “And you, Meeka, I have been warned you are cursed and cannot kiss without killing. And yet you used a knife to kill a dishonorable man. Why is that?”
Meeka noticed the priestess look admiringly at her form and liked the feeling it gave. She felt slightly more relaxed to say serenely “Because the blade has a further reach than my lips and I could think of no other way to overtake him. My curse only works on one person at a time and makes me weakly exposed afterwards. I couldn’t chance it with all those surrounding us.”
“And yet you fought knowing you were surrounded… why?”
“Because your man pissed me off by sneaking up and hitting Cage.”
Every woman surrounding her began smiling and whispering. Brooke put an end to that with a stony glare. “Meeka, by our laws you have done us a great favor and rid our tribe of a weak minded man. As Priestess of the Utala, it is my right to offer you a place among your sisters. Women are always needed, especially strong ones. Since I did not see your skill I cannot offer such a…”
“Test her against any man here and see her skills then.” Cage confidently boasted. “Allow her a knife against a likewise armed man.” Meeka stared dumbfounded, as did Brooke and many other members. “Meeka, I’ve seen how every man moved and I can assure you, you are their better. Besides Brooke here, there are only six other women better than your current level.”
“Are you certain of this? You realize if the man wins he can claim her as a mate.”
He leaned down to grin at the pretty woman. “I’m not worried because I trained her how to fight and keep herself alive.” To prove he had faith he sat down and lounged in the cooler grass. He looked up and around. “Does any man have the balls to face my protégé?”
Whispers abounded after such a pride wounding declaration. Meeka’s mind reeled at what he had just done. He said in no certain words he’d protect her and now he just threw her to the wolves and didn’t seem to care. She hadn’t felt so hurt in a long time. Four large men came forth with drawn knives, eager to claim her as their own. Meeka felt lost and cold as she stared at how easily they outweighed and were much, much larger than she.
Brooke turned and both Cage and Meeka looked at the amazing tattoo that had been put on her lower back and several thick lines swirled down and gripped her tight backside in a striking and pleasing way. “Out of you four, you are the best warrior. Do you wish to fight and claim a victory as to her becoming your mate?”
The largest man of mid-twenties grunted. “Yes, she is a fine woman who will bear great children. I fear of this curse she says and I need proof of such claim.”
Just as he said that a chicken clucked too close and Cage grabbed both legs before it could react. He stood with the squawking chicken upside down as it buffed its wings to escape. “Meeka, here is all the proof you’ll need.”
She took the struggling chicken and knew she didn’t have any choice. She sent pleading eyes to Cage who nodded confidently. She sighed and restrained the fowl. Meeka pressed her lips to the eye of the bird.
Her curse activated and the moment her mana surged through her lips the chicken let out a terrified squawk that died a second later. Cage caught Meeka as her eyes rolled up and she began falling. The chicken fell and the whole tribe watched as ice crystals began to form on the feathers in the light and heat of the sun. In seconds the bird became twice its original size and froze solid.
Cage touched her lips before everyone and held her. He looked to everyone to explain “Some time ago I kissed her. This curse nearly killed me, but I somehow managed to survive. After she recovers and you somehow manage to beat her you must never touch her lips unless you are a mage and I tell you the secret to surviving. Her lips is her only curse. She is still a woman regardless in every way… of what some fool placed on her when she was a baby twenty years ago.” Brooke got a surprised look in her eyes at that statement and Cage noticed it somewhat, but not understanding it. “For your own protection I’ll have her wear a scarf. But I doubt you’ll beat her.”
Cage successfully sowed doubt in the man who seemed to like making women forcibly submit.
Ten silent minutes later the crowd hadn’t moved or said a word when Meeka’s eyes opened. In that time though Cage asked Brooke for some water and a piece of fruit. The priestess allowed it and watched as he squeezed the fruit in his hands to only get the fructose liquid sugar in her system the fastest. She was about to say something when he put the bowl of water to her lips and whispered so that only she can hear. “You will be fine. I know you can win and this will be the easiest way for you to show your skills and for us to leave on good terms. Breathe how I taught you and drink this fruity water. This will help your mana as it does mine.”
She began the breathing exercises as she finished the sweet drink. He sat her up and she breathed slow and deep to clear away the lessening headache. It worked exceptionally well and her headache cleared in two minutes. She stood unaided and retrieved her knife. She truly felt better after hearing how he believed in her. She looked at the man and questioned “Are you sure you want me in your bed?” She scoffed at the comparison of the man’s lance because it sorely lacked in every way to Cage’s.
The man became clearly angered. “Put a cloth over your mouth before. I challenge you for mating rights before the whole tribe. I will make you my fifth woman.”
Calmly she twirled her cleaned knife and took a stance. “Unless I make you my woman?”
That got every female laughing out loud and the man became a bit more unstable. Cage taught her many aspects to fighting and there were more than physical battles. She learned that unbalanced and unfocused individuals made mistakes. A calm mind wins the battle.
The man stomped and Cage began to whistle a merry tune to walk away, making it clear he had no intention of interfering. “Hey grandmas’ want some company?” And he sat down beside the elders to grin and shout “Kick his ass Meeka!” His unorthodox ease at the situation gave the opportunity for the rest of the tribe to cheer for their favorite combatant. Cage didn’t let on that while the old women let him sit near they each brandished a sharp, double-edged knife to discourage him from touching. Two spear wielding warriors came up from behind to further protect the elders should he attempt anything deceitful.
Meeka felt her stance come naturally after tying a cloth around her mouth and when the man finally let out a cry for battle she finally became accustomed to the feel of adrenaline from all the morning practice she had with Cage. She had to admit the man is fast and could move his heavily muscled body, but compared to Cage it was like a running deer to a lightning strike. The man tried knocking her down and overpower, but she sidestepped and scored a small cut to his ribs. He stopped and felt the site to return with blood on his fingers. The tribe went wild as he stared in shock. Pure anger took him over in his next charge. Meeka avoided the first thrust, but couldn’t dodge a kick to her knee. She turned it to limit the damage as she would have in practice. He tried jumping on her back, but she saw it coming and leaned back, pushed with her legs to painfully cut her bare butt on the grass and rocks, though it did save her. He landed flat on his stomach with a grunt. Before he recovered she delivered a successful straight kick right into his groin and taint. She hit it so hard his bowls evacuated.
Meeka moved and placed her blade at his throat. “Submit!” The man couldn’t focus as she had painfully slammed her heel in his most private location and the smell of feces made him feel terrible. When she drew a line of blood on his neck and she again shouted “Submit!” the new pain made him tap his chest and lose his knife. A moment later both hands went down to cradle the messy man-pain.
“Told you, you could do it!” Meeka heard Cage’s voice before many women rushed over to congratulate her on a well won victory. She became overwhelmed as so many women came up and touched her openly as if she were always part of their society. She began to cry joyfully for not one person has ever accepted her so fast and now dozens came right up and slapped her on the back. One even kindly untied the scarf she had to wear around her face.
The crowd spread as Cage came closer with an excited smile. “I told them you could win.”
“He seemed so slow.” She admitted.
“That is because you’ve gotten familiar with my movements and few could claim to be faster in a fight. Want me to fix your backside?”
“If you wouldn’t mind.” She turned around and felt the familiar itching become unbearable. She felt better seconds later and heard the area go silent as he worked healing magic.
Brooke then took command of her people again. “Meeka, you have fought and won before my eyes and I see your hidden strength in combat. If it is your wish, you may become part of our tribe and be welcomed as a sister from this day forth.”
“This is a hypothetical question, but what if I refuse? Will you let us leave as we are?”
“If that is your wish, Meeka, but I must be blunt. If you leave our territory without becoming a Utala, you might not be fortunate to live if you mistakenly wander into another tribe’s land. We do not kill unless an outsider gives us no option. Other tribes kill on sight of strangers. You will be better off as a sister of the Utala than not. If you leave and are killed the whole tribe will slay the killers. Our tribe on the plains are the strongest.”
“Cage and I have something important to accomplish. If I accept and leave, will we be able to return without doing this again.”
“Once a woman of the Utala, always a Utala.” Brooke stated and all members nodded in agreement. “Can this something wait or is it urgent?”
Cage saved her by saying “We can wait a few weeks at most, but if we do you must promise to never look in our bags. I’ve spelled them and any who open it other than the two of us will be killed instantly.”
Brooke looked worried and said “We do not allow a person’s possessions to be looked into. Nevertheless, I will make sure they aren’t opened.” She turned around to send others to retrieve their belongings.
While she spoke Meeka whispered. “Did you really spell our bags?”
“No, but they don’t know that. I don’t know how to do certain things just yet.”
A minute later a man ran close and put Meeka’s saddle and all it had secured on the ground. He did it so he wouldn’t accidently open the tethered bags. While he was away they watched the soiled man who lost, limping away with two women who helped keep him going.
The saddle and bags gained a clearing of a dozen feet.
Brooke then looked hard on Meeka who finally decided “I’ve thought it over and I would be honored to join the Utala.
Cheers filled the air and Cage stepped away with a happy smile as nearly the whole female population came up and hugged her. Last to do so was Brooke. “Welcome to your new home, Meeka Love.”
Then unexpectedly Brooke wrapped her arms lovingly around Meeka’s bare waist and before she could stop her Brooke gently kissed Meeka’s lips.
Cage rushed over the moment he felt the strong tingle of magic from Meeka curse. He made it right to the two women and stared as the priestess pulled away with a delighted smile. Meeka shook in Brooke’s firm embrace. Everyone stared in awe, including Cage. Then he realized something by feeling nothing.
Meeka’s voice quivered as she reached up and touched the priestess’s soft, smiling lips. “H…how? How are you still alive?”
Brook smiled in a seductive way while not pulling her breasts from Meeka’s. “Finish these words, Meeka.
“Love is the strongest and most natural feeling to pursue, but is the hardest to truly obtain. Others will be in your future, but alone you cannot reach one.
“Two decades will pass before the beginning and end…”
Meeka’s eyes widened with recognition. “You…what…how…when…?” She babbled incoherently as her mind reeled. Brooke waited patiently while Cage stood near and more confused than he could ever remember. Eventually Meeka’s lips parted and the words flowed. “Start from fear, end in clarity, but stay away from vanity. To set free the one from the darkness, another must be by your side. When two come together they can find true happiness with the one.
“Serenity and anger will bring about the truest love any ever considered possible.”
Brooke grinned and hooted “Thought so! The far-seer said there would be another with my prophecy. It has come true as foretold. Two decade’s to this very day have passed. When I heard we had visitors I knew today would be special. You, Meeka Love, are my destiny. I feel drawn to you like I have never known. For you to know the prophecy that only we of the Utala keep guarded. The far-seer knew of this day and gave me a gift.” Brooke pulled away and turned around and sat her hands on her backside. “I believe he gave me this to protect me from your curse. When you kissed me I felt a odd feeling from his mark, one I have never before felt. Your powers will not work on me, Meeka.” To prove her point Brooke embraced Meeka and kissed her again. They each felt the remarkable sensation and pulled away unscathed.
They both smiled and Cage felt a pain in his heart loosed and he wished had never returned. He moved up and rested a calm hand on the shoulder’s on each woman who happily held the other. The tribe became uneasy as he touched their leader till he said “I couldn’t follow what each of you just talked about, but I hope you two truly find happiness together. Meeka, take care.”
Meeka’s heart stopped as she saw a smile she never before witnessed on his sweet lips. It was truly forced because everything about him screamed he became hollow and dead inside. When Brooke looked up at him she had never seen a man with such an expression as if his spirit left him while his body still lived.
His hands slid off their shoulders and he raised a hand and sent forth magic to throw his pack over. He caught it and turned around.
“Cage, what is wrong?!” Meeka pleaded as she pulled away from Brooke. She moved in front of him. “Why do you look so lifeless?”
He smiled again in the same heartbreaking way. “Because this is how I truly feel most times. I don’t know why I cannot seem to hide it right now for some reason, but this is how I usually feel. The only time I actually feel alive and happy is when I’m fighting. You just never really noticed my real emotion, nothingness. But I can say spending time with you eased this feeling, which I’m thankful for. I’m a great liar when it comes to making a facade to put people at ease. I can say it has been the most real fun, being with you, these past few weeks. I told you I knew how it would end between us. I saw how happy and excited you were when Brooke kissed you. The two of you just fell in love, I’ve seen it before. You two have an instant connection. She can give you what I cannot. She might pretend to be a hard-ass, but just now I saw she is filled with fierceness and love. That is more than I can ever offer. Stay and become one of these people, Meeka, you deserve it from the stolen years the curse took from you. I will go finish the task I took…” He leaned in close, took her chin and kissed her forehead. “Farewell, my dear friend.”
Someone in the crowd whispered in the silence “To set free the one from the darkness, another must be by your side.” The male elder spoke up as Cage began to move away without a care or look back as Meeka began to cry openly. “Priestess, can you not see that man is the one trapped in darkness. You and Meeka have come together, now you must free him from his suffering.”
Brooke’s eyes went from the wise elder, to Meeka and to Cage who walked away, not apparently hearing what had transpired. She scoffed “He is hurt of the heart, not trapped in darkness.”
The old man’s eyes lit with anger. “Never in my life have I seen a man so lost. Do not take your prophecy all literally. That boy is in a darkness I’ve ever seen anyone endure. We as a tribe cannot allow him to leave and you will need a man yourself to ever find true fulfillment. I know why you are drawn to women, but it is in the past. The third to your prophecy is leaving. And by how he moves he will never return.”
“Never?” Meeka asked with dread. The silenced answered her.
The whole tribe silenced and looked sadly on the tall man. They parted out of instinct to not interfere.
Brooke saw the terror of abandonment in those honest blue eyes she found so openly enticing. She asked “What would stop him from leaving?”
“I… I don’t… I don’t know. Usually a fight makes him happy.”
Brooke ran right at him, not even pausing to think, jumped and kicked Cage square in the back. “Cage, a woman can also challenge for mating rights and since there is no chief to mate with me, the priestess, I hereby challenge you!” She stepped away while drawing her tomahawks. “If you win, you become chief and can mate me. Ever since I killed the last chief, any male who tried claiming me by battle have died. If you do not beat me I will put you out of your misery. I will show the tribe you are not the one trapped in darkness for only the strongest may have me. Ask every man of the tribe and they will tell you that not one man in six years has laid with me.”
Cage held still on the ground, surprised his insides warmed up after feeling dead again. He heard all that Brooke had to say and could hear the viciousness in her words. She really will kill him. Although he had already lost Meeka even the word fight filled him with new life. He already knew she is deadly strong and wanted to see her capabilities the moment he looked past her beauty.
He slowly got up and looked at the dangerous woman and a welcoming grin spread across his features. “I couldn’t care less of becoming a chief or mating with you, but a fight I’ll always enjoy. A fight doesn’t lie or leave you. I accept the fight, Brooke. Try your best and make it interesting.”
She truly became angry, but more focused. There aren’t many fighters who do that. He could see in her stance and eyes she wanted to kill him for some reason. His usual grin didn’t come as he realized something else, she hates men for some reason and wouldn’t stop till they were all dead. She had real anger for the whole male population and looked to not have laughed in many years because of some trauma. He knew he couldn’t leave Meeka with her to deal with Brooke’s problems when it takes a man to repair the damage done by another. A grin did come, but not one that thirsts for battle, one that craves laughter. The emptiness was pushed aside as his jocular disposition momentarily pushed its way in temporarily.
Brooke heard his acceptance and charged.
Cage then sat down, tilted his head and put his knuckles on the ground. “Ooouuu?” He grunted like a chimpanzee. Brooke came to a dead stop at the sudden change. The others were likewise befuddled. The grip on her tomahawks didn’t slack and her murderous hatred calmed only slightly because of his unexpected behavior. Cage looked around while scratching his head then pretended to eat a bug. He looked around in a funny way before seeing Meeka in her knees, crying so hard she couldn’t see. “Ohuu!” He grunted and knuckled his way over to her, ignoring Brooke altogether.
Then Cage stopped right in front of the bawling Meeka and grabbed her beautiful breasts. The touch startled her and the others were unsure what is happening with the emotional rollercoaster he displayed. He then began to lift and play with the ample toys. “Cage, what are you…” She then went quiet as he began digging in her hair and pretending to eat whatever he found. He then moved around and groped her firm butt and let out a delighted sound. The firm squeeze made her jump in surprise. When she turned around she nearly choked.
Cage let go the restraint and finally let his manhood swell proudly. He kept making odd sounds and his erect pride excited every woman who saw what it really looked like and became animated. He then began looking between the overwhelmed Meeka and the simmering Brooke. He kept glancing between them making it clear he found it hard to choose. He stood up straight from every angle, looked all around and put a finger over his lips. “Shhh!” He sounded and began to over exaggerate his movements. He lifted a leg up higher than needed and slowly put it down. Pretending to stalk Brooke. He move slow and steady. His movements made one person chuckle. And he turned in the person’s direction to put a finger over his lips and again say “Shhh!” to continue moving closer to the calming woman.
Brooke stayed absolutely still, moving only her head as Cage crept in from behind. She began to find it difficult to not stare at his full lance.
He raised his arms to the side and grunted loudly before springing to catch her from behind. Brooke easily danced out of the way while swinging a tomahawk. She opened a three inch, razor sharp cut above his left nipple and it bled slightly.
To everyone watching it seemed he didn’t feel it.
He grabbed the air Brooke vacated and began grunting as he pretended he caught her, bent her over and thrust his hips. He focused on the imaginary Brooke and seemed to be enjoying himself, making a few more people laugh at his antics.
Brooke cleared her throat, gaining Cage’s attention. He looked up in surprise and stopped the miming. His eyes widened, realizing where she stood. He looked down, back to her and back down. “Yaaa!” He yelled in surprise while jumping back, purposely landing hard on his backside and moved back in fright.
The tribe burst into a fit of laughter.
Brooke’s hard eyes widened. Meeka burst in tearful mirth. The moment she began, Brooke’s demeanor shattered as she chuckled. It quickly turned into a laugh so hard her eyes watered and her weapons dropped as she held her sides. His complete, monkey surprise appeared so genuine one couldn’t help laughing.
Cage stood as she fell down from laughing so hard. He smiled as he walked right up to her and said. “You’re helpless to my monkey attack. I win.”
She stopped laughing and tried to give a stern and angry look, but it returned harder than ever, making everyone else laugh.
It took nearly five minutes to get out all the laughs. When it seemed to be over, someone would chuckle, sending another wave of laughter through the tribe. It appeared none had laughed so hard in a very long time.
Eventually Brooke recovered and said “That wasn’t a fair fight to become Chief, Cage. I want a real match.”
He could see that she lost the fearful hate she exhibited earlier. Her soft brown eyes were still firm and focused, but she appeared much kinder and less hostile. Part of Brooke still wants to kill him and the other appeared to want to say thanks. This new priestess became conflicted although it wouldn’t stop her from doing as she declared earlier. Meeka stood closer than any other person and also watched on, helpless to do anything else.
“Sorry you feel cheated… Fine, I’ll fight you again.” She smiled confidently while his grin to fight grew.
Without a signal of any kind Brooke and Cage ran at each other. Brooke began twirling around in complex and refined patterns, becoming one of the deadliest fighters he had ever fought. It excited him more than the thought of facing the General Kurk of Vlara again. Her hatchets whipped around her at deadly speeds and would shred anyone not at her level or above. To Cage she looked to be dancing. He didn’t even bother allowing the tied feathers on the weapons to distract him as they would for any other unused to combat.
Cage began to move faster to stay just out of the tomahawks bite range. She swiped at his head. He leaned away. He got more excited and faster. She started kicking while spinning when she learned he dodged her barrage of attacks. She realized instantly he is a great fighter after she cut only air after five chops. He began blocking as her fighting dance changed from fast twirling to whipping and hacking motions. He used his gauntlets to knock each strike away. Again she changed to begin striking wildly, but to the trained eye they could see she was simply searching for a weakness to exploit. She became angry as all he did was dodge and block. The moment she slowed to yell he began punching, kicking and striking faster than anyone she had ever faced before. Cage realized she is a fully offensive fighter because she sorely lacked any defensive moves.
As a last effort move that has always killed an opponent she brought her long arms together, spun around to gain the necessary momentum and strength. She brought her arms up and as she properly faced him she brought her arms down for a powerful blow capable of burying the axes fully into one’s skull.
Cage saw the deathblow coming, but instead of instinctively leaning away as the move warranted, he pushed forward, grabbed her locked elbows, twisted his back to her front and used his whole body to lean forward and use her own momentum to throw her right over his shoulders. He flipped her around and slammed Brooke flat on her back.
The whole tribe stared in the heaviest silence to date. A small woman’s voice whispered in horror “No.” and could be heard leaving quickly while crying. Not once in six years has anyone so easily defeated their priestess and high warrior. It has never happened before so they didn’t know what to do.
Brooke stared up into the bright sky for she didn’t understand what had happened. A shadow hid much of the sky and it took a fleeting moment to find Cage grinning down at her. She stared in wonder as she realized he had beaten her without a scratch after she cut him in their first match. Brooke understood she had been beaten twice. He grinned and she finally understood the elder had been right. In his eyes she finally saw the loneliest man alive. He had the greatest skill she had ever known and it didn’t mean anything since he didn’t have anyone to share it with. He lived in a world where the only time he truly felt anything is when he fights. She knew what it felt like though not to his level. She knew she didn’t want him to go after seeing his loneliness herself and feeling the power he used against her.
The priestess of the Utala slowly stood in the silence and under the watchful eyes of her people. Brooke slid her hatchets in the leather holsters strapped to her thighs. Her brown eye met deep black. “Cage, I submit. You have won.”
Before he realized what she planned she walked up, wound her hands around his neck and pulled him down and she stood on her toes.
Brook kissed him.
The very moment their lips met, Cage felt a monumental rise of magic.
Meeka’s braided hair came loose and snapped straight up in an unseen windstorm. Brooke pulled away as her shoulder length hair whipped up too. Cage stepped back as their eyes glowed a blue-white. Their mouths opened and chanted in unison a spell Cage couldn’t follow because they spoke too fast. The tribe backed away in a hurry. Cage also backed up and the moment he stood directly between them he felt the hollowness within shatter into nothingness. The magic invaded his body, destroying something within. In its place came a new, confusing feeling he never felt before. It felt wonderful and alien.
When he no longer felt the cold emptiness plaguing his soul he watched as both Meeka and Brooke collapsed. The glow stopped along with the chanting.
Cage stood alone and still, between two women and frightened villagers who looked on in fear. He patted himself and found everything the same. He still seemed himself, only without the ever present hole in his heart.
One of the elder women came close with a ready knife. She went to her priestess first and found her and Meeka alive. She stood and accused “What did you do?”
“Me?” he asked, unsure. “I didn’t do anything… what just happened?”
“Prophecy.” The male elder confirmed. “Cage, do you feel lost anymore?”
He blinked as the others began slowly returning. “I’m not sure… do you know what just happened here?”
“I do have an idea, Chief. I do not know the ways of magic, but I do believe I understand this. I will explain when your women wake.”
“Chief? Women? I’m so confused. What do you mean by this?”
The old man crossed his arms over his coppery chest. “By the laws of our people you are now our chieftain, our new leader of the Utala. You defeated our greatest warrior, Priestess Brooke. You are now our high warrior. By defeating her you claimed her as your mate, which only the chief can. Meeka, from what I saw with my own two eyes loves you and cries for you. She will likely be in love with you and the priestess as Brooke will love her and you. Until the day you die or are beaten for rule of chieftain you will lead your new people and have our two most beautiful Utala women for you alone. No other male has the right to challenge them for mating privileges unless they beat you in honorable combat. As is our law you, as chief, can win as many women as you want if they lose. We other men can claim another man’s woman if she accepts the challenge. It cannot be done so with your women.”
“But…?” The man held up a hand, forestalling any protest. “It is our way and now… your way. You lead us, we follow. That is how we have survived and are of the eldest of the tribes people on the Tribal Plains. You accepted Brooke’s challenge and won. You do not have a say, nor can you give away your position without a proper fight. Brooke will not allow such disrespect for our people, even though you are one of the two she is destined to love. She has known and waited for twenty years to finally reach this day. Do not dishonor a woman who has waited for so long to have this day arrive.”
Chief? Me? He thought in the maelstrom of thoughts and emotions. What the hell is happening? What just happened? How could they have me lead them when they don’t even know me. We’ve met only today and one fight later I become a chief and have claimed two women.
He then looked at both Meeka and Brooke’s unconsciousness forms. He felt so distraught this time. A warm feeling burned in his chest, one he didn’t understand. He felt an permanent attraction for each woman, but a deeper feeling came from Meeka because they knew each other more in their journeys to this point. When he looked up he saw every man and woman bowing to him. This strange new feeling kept him from moving on.
When no words flowed forth a female elder clapped twice to call attention to herself. “We have a new chief and sister to the Utala! Prepare a banquette feast and have the young return to greet their new family!” Cheers rang forth as people began to run around the village.
Cage sat down, overwhelmed at how suddenly his life changed.





Chapter 15

Darkness claimed the sky not an hour ago as the whole Utala village came alive with festivities. Cage, after deciding to at least hear them out, had carefully picked up the sleeping forms of both Brooke and Meeka to lay them side by side on the clearing around the main teepee, the one he learned belonged solely to the priestess and chief to use as they wished. Cage was told to sit by his women while the tribe worked and prepared. While he sat and watched over the two women who continued to sleep he saw that several dozen children and pregnant young women came into the tents, but weren’t allowed to greet their chief just yet till the priestess and Meeka awoke to give proper greetings. Smoke began rising out of many of the dwellings and it smelled wonderful with cooking food.
Cage tried keeping track of his surroundings, but no one would tell him anything except to wait. Something that he didn’t like doing in this situation. To ease the next few hours he straightened out Meeka’s hair so she wouldn’t have to fight the mess. He kept gently gliding his fingers over each of their beautiful profiles. He had had beautiful women in his past, but as he kept looking at the two he realized that Meeka and Brooke were by far the most beautiful creatures he ever met. While he made sure they recovered he couldn’t figure out what just happened. Between the hair rising on a wind that wasn’t there, their glowing eyes and the chanting of perfect unity he felt lost and corralled for slaughter. It felt like someone led him here and had done something with magic he didn’t understand. It truly frightened him. Even with all the fear, he felt a bottomless connection to the women. He didn’t like that someone did something to him. He wasn’t even sure if the strange new feelings are his or a creation of magic that made him want to be with the two beauties. Never in his whole life has he ever felt confused. The alone feeling he had always shouldered wasn’t there and it felt good, but it was part of who he was. Am I still going to be me? He wondered constantly.
In the center of the clearing he began to watch as dry grass, sticks and the rare commodity of wood on the plains was created to become a bonfire. They didn’t light it for some reason. Then women began bringing in loaded trays of food. Men brought in a roasted boar and a deer.
Just when the whole tribe began to settle down and wait in the growing darkness Brooke stirred. Everyone grew silent and watched as Cage moved over and helped her to sit up. He asked in a calm and quiet tone “Are you ok?”
“What happened?” She wondered and grabbed her head as a painful headache presented itself.
“What is the last thing you remember?” He asked.
She pressed her eyes closed for a few minutes. “I remember you beating me in challenge and I went to kiss you and welcome you as a Utala, but then nothing… I felt an odd sensation, but then nothing…”
“Cage?” Meeka said as she too began to come around. Brooke sat up on her own well enough so he walked on his knees to help up his traveling companion.
He smiled. “Hey there Sleeping Beauty, glad you could join us. Got a headache?”
She sat up with the help. “You know I do. What happened after Brooke kissed you? I remember something feeling like my curse activation, but different… like being taken over…”
Cage looked back at the waiting Utala. “Was there anything sweet made? Sugar seems to help get rid of their headache.”
They began looking among each other till a young woman of maybe seventeen picked up a tray of tarts and brought them over. “I have made berry tarts, Chief. Would that help?”
“It will, thank you, Natana.” The girl’s eyes widened as he took the tray and gave each tired woman a sweet treat.
“Chief, how is it you know my name?”
“I have good hearing. Since none of you let me do anything except sit and keep an eye on Brooke and Meeka I learned about half of your names. Natana, your mom called for you eleven times today, from what I heard, and learned your name after the third problem. I know all the elders and every man’s name here. I still have about a hundred names I haven’t learned. And thank you again, Natana.”
She smiled and returned to her mother’s side.
“Chief?” Meeka mumbled with a mouthful before swallowing.
“Yeah… they think I’m chief of the Utala since I defeated Brooke.”
Meeka looked beside her to find Brooke nodding and chewing simultaneously. She snapped her fingers and a child came over to give her a glass of water. She sipped and swallowed. “By our customs he is chief of Utala.”
“So they keep saying.” He sighed.
“Priestess, I would like to begin the celebration with your permission.” Elder Metak presented. He being the eldest of the tribe. Cage learned that the top elder position is held by the oldest member and when Metak passes on Elder Shania will take over. To become elder you must be over sixty, something rare to happen in their harsh society and life.
Brooke took another amazing bite and nodded to the wise old man.
Metak rose and said “As is custom, with the blessing of our priestess the new chief must light the fire to begin his reign. Cage, you must start the fire.”
When he hesitated Brooke kicked his shoulder and said “Get to it, Love. We don’t like sitting in the dark.”
Mirth spread through the tribe as he fell.
Cage stood and saw a torch coming his way by Elder Shania. Instead of taking it he focused and conjured a beach ball sized orange flame. The tribe’s jaw dropped in unison as they were bathed in the warm glow. Their new chief extended an arm and thrust the magic fire into the tinder. He canceled the spell as the fire took on a life of its own and greedily consumed air and fuel. The area lit and pushed the darkness away. The night had turned wonderful and the Utala began to clap as festivities began.
Elder Metak raised a hand and commanded respect from his people. “As I have promised, so shall we proceed. Chief Cage, take a seat with your women and I will explain as best I can.”
Cage turned around to see Brooke gently push herself away and patted the ground between herself and Meeka. She smiled with a piece of blueberry at the corner of her mouth. He chuckled and Meeka saw what he did and laughed lightly before reaching over to wipe the filling and lick it off her finger. Several chuckled. Cage moved back and sat between the two glorious naked women. To get comfortable Meeka wrapped her arm around his left while Brooke remained very tied and rested her head against his right shoulder. He felt very good right now.
Seeing everyone become comfortable the male elder sat with his back to the fire and looked straight at the three. “Chief, I know you are by far the most confused out of us all. I shall explain since I was chief at the time of the far-seer’s arrival…”
“I’ve heard Brooke say that name before.” Meeka announced. “Who is the far-seer and how does this explain what happened?”
The old man’s gray brow furrowed. “You do not know the far-seer? Ah, when I was a boy they called him the Great Prophet in other lands…”
Meeka sat forward with worry. “You mean the Great Prophet came here? What for?”
“Patience, Child. I can understand your confusion to an extent. Far-seer has visited the Utala four times over the many years. His last visit was to give Brooke a blessing and a prophecy. That was twenty years ago, as our priestess admitted when she accepted you to our tribe. He was on the brink of death before leaving us. Since he blessed her, Brooke became our new priestess and holder of law for our people. She learned all she knows from the last priestess. Before the far-seer passed he said another had the same prophecy. Meeka, there were stories of him that reached even our ears. It was rare, but when he made private prophecies he was known to keep what he said secret. As a baby, to have received a curse, he must have made it so you would never know who cursed you, most likely to keep you safe. Among the Utala, we never reveal private matters to others. We die before any knowledge is taken from us without our consent.
“When you spoke Brooke’s other half of the prophecy we all knew you could only have heard it by one individual. You and Brooke came together and correct me if I’m wrong, Priestess, but your thoughts were thus… if she has the same prophecy as I do then the far-seer must have made your blessing specifically so her curse would be negated?”
“Something like that.” Brooke admitted after she lifted her head. “I vaguely remember him as the Blue Man when I was three. But when she said she was cursed twenty years ago and on this day no less it got me thinking. I also felt an immediate draw when I got a good look at her.”
Metak nodded. “From hearing that I can guess what happened. Meeka’s lips were cursed and when you two kissed your blessing reacted. Meeka’s whole life is focused on her lips and after she kissed, it did something to you, Priestess. You then fought Cage, lost and then kissed him.” He emphasized with a raised finger. “I believe the great one knew something like this would happen. You three have each kissed each other and magic occurred. Brooke, you and Meeka began doing something which you do not remember. We witnessed you speaking as if you were of one mind while your eyes glowed. Whatever you two did or had done through you, did something to Cage.”
The two beautiful women turned to look right at him for an explanation. He scratched his head while smiling in a difficult way. “I can’t clearly give details that come close. All I can say is that feeling, I couldn’t hide when I saw how you two fell in love, has disappeared… it doesn’t hurt to see you two happy anymore?”
Meeka and Brooke leaned forward to look at one another. Meeka then asked “Cage, are you going to leave me like you were planning?”
“I wish to know if my chief is going myself.” Brooke wondered.
“I’m really not sure anymore. I feel something strange and it’s messing with my head. My rational side feels blown to hell… I can barely think straight right now…”
Brooke grinned as she looked down. “I think I know what you are feeling.”
“What might that be?” She reached down and grabbed his rigid lance. “What the…” He looked down as he noticed himself and her hand barely able to touch her thumb to a finger.
“You want us very badly by the looks of it.” She mischievously taunted.
He carefully took her hand off, crossed his legs to keep others from looking and said “Yes, I want to, but the feeling in me is different than this. The feeling isn’t exactly desire… it’s something else…” He sighed and forced himself to go flaccid. “We can discuss my feelings later, right now I want to know who this prophet is and the blessing he gave you.”
She laughed lightly and winked to Meeka who smiled back. “He is dead, but he was known to foretell the future and give warnings or hope through the use of prophecy. I was told by the priestess before me that only once in every two thousand years is a real prophet born. They are powerful mages who read different paths of the future. When he visited us he gave me this.” She twisted and bent to show off her lower back and butt tattoo. What became difficult for Cage is that when she showed her mark she also revealed her flower, as Meeka calls it. It took every ounce of will to not insert himself in before all these watching eyes. Brooke then sat back down, not realizing just how close she almost came to being impaled from behind. She then lifted an arm and said “Smell me.”
He raised a lone brow and leaned in to sniff. His brow came together as he then grabbed her head and put his nose in her hair gently. “How come you don’t smell? Did you put something on to mask your scent?”
She shook her head and made her beads click as they moved. “Not at all. My blessing is no scent. No matter how hot, sweaty or dirty I make myself I do not hold a scent. When I was little I was told to go find a place to hide. My people sent hunting dogs after me, but after two days I returned to be told the dogs could not follow. If I’m quiet I can sneak right up on a buffalo and use my knife. Without my scent I became a great hunter because the animals couldn’t smell me.”
“Because your scent is missing, can you smell better than others?”
“How do you know this?” She blinked in mild surprise.
“It happens sometimes. When once sense is limited the others get stronger…” He then looked ahead at the anxiously waiting crowd. “Since I don’t know… What comes next in this party?”
Metak smiled and said “We begin the feast, while it starts you first meet our children and all the adults. Then there is the application of merit and lastly we retire to please our mates.” The last part made all the women giggle.
Cage cleared his throat and felt tongue-tied at the moment. Meeka saw how his usually firm confidence revealed at the moment to be missing. She also couldn’t stop thinking she might have him please her. She liked the Utala traditions. He gestured to proceed with the event.
Elder Metak stood and turned to the crowd. “Begin the feast!” His words made way for loud cheering. The village began to move excitedly to the food. Cage went to get up till Brooke put a soft hand on his arm. “No, do not leave my side for today we sit here and our people come to us. It is a celebration for both you and Meeka becoming part of our tribe. Sit any enjoy yourselves.”
He held still and watched as she took her hand away.
Four apparently happy women approached the three with loaded trays of food and sat them down right in front of them. Cage smiled before saying “Thank you Moerm, Lisann, Billa and Foral.” Each smiled greatly at how he knew their names. They backed away and Cage reached forward to pick up the delicious assortment of foods. Peppers and bread seemed to be their staple foods and he enjoyed the spicy flavors. Meeka and Brooke also reached to gather the delicious smelling food.
As the tribe began eating some in the crowd brought out drums and simple wooden instruments to start playing and making the night come alive. Cage found his finger tapping his leg to the primal and exciting beat.
“Why do you not partake of meat?” Brooke asked as she noticed he clearly avoided the wonderful tasting food.
He met her curious stare. “Because I don’t eat it, haven’t done so in years. I don’t care all that much when I kill, but I cannot bring myself to eat another creature who avoids being killed as best it can. Plants are different, they are simple and don’t care all that much. If I were another creature and killed a human and ate it, other humans would find it revolting. I can consume things produced by animals like eggs, milk or cheese though.”
She became quiet to ponder such strange thoughts.
The music made all of the tense emotions of the day ease and watching everyone sit, talk or watched children play showed Cage there is much more to the Utala then he first realized. They are certainly a warrior tribe and yet they love, play and make great music. He didn’t see naked savages. These people were close and loyal to their tribal family.
After everyone had their fill the trays of food and drink were set aside for later. Music slowly came to an end and after the conversations died down the only real sound came from the blazing bonfire. Brooke then stood up and said “Now we come to bring in our new chief and sister. All children, come forth to meet our new leader.”
Dozens and dozens of children stood and approached. Four young nursing mothers also came forth with babies not even a year old. One child in particular came right up to Brooke and the priestess moved to stand behind the child of seven years. She was an adorable child with black hair that barely brushed her small shoulders. Large brown eyes stared at Cage and Meeka with hesitation.
Brooke placed her hands on the girl’s shoulders. “Cage, Meeka, this little one is mine. This is my daughter, Rena. She is my only child and pride of my life. Rena is aspiring to be a great huntress and warrior one day. Rena Child, allow me to introduce you to your new family members. He will be your new father, Cage. And she will be your second mother, Meeka. Go greet them.”
Cage stood and Meeka followed as Rena came closer. For the moment, he went along with the introduction, but he didn’t even expect Brooke had a daughter. He now understood why she hated men. In a small voice she said “Hello, Cage Father.”
He got down on one knee and gently said “Cage is just fine little one. It is a pleasure to meet you, Rena. I am not you father, nor will I ever be.” A hurt look appeared in the child’s eyes and Brooke’s hands went to her weapons at such anger. He went on as if he didn’t notice. “Rena, your father hurt your mother when she was little to see your current age. I will not hurt your mother like that. Where I come from there are two kinds of men. Fathers and dads. Fathers get women pregnant and don’t take real care of the mother. Dads are very different. Dads do not hurt mothers. They treat them with respect. They work together with mothers and help guide their young. The last chief was your father, not me. It will take time for you to understand, Rena, but if time works out the right way I’ll try to be a good dad for you and your mother.”
His words had the most effect on three little women the most. Rena began to cry as she rushed closer and surprised him with a heartfelt hug. Brooke could only stare as he deeply touched her aching heart.
When the child stepped away Meeka laid a hand on Cage’s and Rena’s shoulder. To him she said “That was very beautiful.” and kissed his cheek. To the girl she said “I hope we become good friends, Rena. I promise to also take care of your mother.” The girl hugged her as well.
Brooke’s eyes watered for the first time since she gave birth, at such a heartening moment she wouldn’t soon forget. Rena then asked “Would it be alright to sit with you for a little while?”
“Of course.” Cage said and patted the spot between himself and Meeka. Rena gladly sat between them while trying to wipe the tears away.
Brooke had a hard time not hugging all three together and knew she had to proceed. She called for several children at a time and introduced each one.

The next three laidback hours were spent introducing the tribe. To speed matters Cage said the names he knew and proved he knew the individual by pointing at them.
As Cage and Meeka met each individual Brooke said “Before we begin the bead ceremony I must ask what talents you have so you can have the proper bead to show others your capability. Look at my strand. I have three beads and they are signified as thus, the top blue signifies I’m first and foremost a priestess, the middle yellow marks me as a huntress and the bottom orange is a warning that I’m a deadly warrior.” She pointed each metal bead. “Cage, already I know you will get two beads, one for chieftain, and one for being a man of magic. Meeka, you will get an orange one as well. What we, as your people need to know is what other things are you good at so at a glance any one of us will know what you can do.”
Cage looked to Meeka for her to go first. She admitted “I’m a healer by trade…”
Brooke smiled. “Terrific! We always are in need of healers. What else?”
“Um I’m not sure…” She looked away.
“Rena?” Cage asked and the child looked up in surprise to be called upon. “Would you mind going over and bring me my pack please?”
“Of course!” She beamed and moved her spindly little legs to get his pack and bring it over with a smile. This intrigued the crowd greatly.
Cage opened his pack and stuck his arm inside. He felt the letters still safely tucked in their hidden compartment and then found what he searched for. Out came the ocarina. Meeka’s eyes widened in recognition while the others grew confused. He looked over at the blonde beauty and said “You know what to do.”
Meeka stood up and took a step back so all could see her. Cage put the mouthpiece to his lips and skillfully placed all his fingers over the holes. He began to play a half second ahead of Meeka’s astounding voice until synchronizing. Their song captured the audience. On a side thought, Cage still marveled that such a rich and loud voice could come from such a body. Their song was slow and more beautiful than anything the Utala had ever heard in their whole history. When the song came to a close they were rewarded with cheering. Brooke requested another and got a lively tune this time.
When the music began the second time Cage had to focus hard on playing because Brooke began to dance. Her moves were seductive, crisp and sensual. Other shameless women stood and joined their priestess. Drums and other tribal instruments began to flow into Cage’s ocarina tune.
It became a wonderful prelude to the next event.
Three songs later Brooke clapped her hands together and silenced her people. One burly man approached with a dinner-sized plate. Inside the recess were hundreds of colored beads. He handed it to the priestess and returned to his spot. Brooke selected three beads and sat the plate down in the grass without spilling any. She looked lovingly and smiled. “Meeka Love, come here.”
She moved to stand right before Brooke with a smile herself. Brooke removed one tomahawk and pulled a few strands of Meeka’s golden hair from the left side of her head. A simple flick of the handle cut the strands just above her jaw line. She then returned the weapon to its holster and lifted the first bead. “This silver will mark you as a healer. And this pink one will signify you as our greatest songstress. Lastly you know the orange signifies you as a warrior.” Brooke began threading the three in her hair to also say “The more skills you have the more beads will be added. Just know, with these you become Utala in full. Congratulations Sister and my woman.” Brooke tied a knot at the base of the warrior’s orange bead so it wouldn’t come undone unless it were cut or ripped from her scalp. To finalize the ceremony she kissed Meeka fully on the lips and had the moment’s passion returned. They pulled away with a smile then turned to see Cage appearing quite relaxed about it. Brooke squeezed Meeka’s firm bottom and got a squeak in response. The crowds noise finally got through and she saw not one unhappy face among them. “You may return to our daughter’s side.”
Meeka did so and Rena smiled and touched the beads. She then noticed not one child wore beads.
“Chief Cage, come to me.” Brooke said kindly.
“Here, Kid, play with this.” He handed his ocarina to Rena who held it with wonder. He got up and stood tall before the beautifully fierce woman and felt like he was being accommodated.
Brooke held up three beads and explained the meaning. “Cage, white signifies you to be a man born of magic. The Utala hasn’t had a mage in four generations. This red tells you are a storyteller through music that stirs the blood. And this green bead tells you are chief and our greatest warrior.” She reached up and thread the beads into his hair that was just long enough to accept the beads in a single row. She then wrapped her arms around his neck and felt his body go rigid. “You are now Utala in full, our chieftain and my mate.” She then pulled her lips up to his.
He and others worried that the strange magic would repeat. Nothing happened. He accepted the kiss with a smile, but didn’t return it as she had been hoping.
Nevertheless the whole tribe cheered and celebrated all over again.
Brooke let go and stepped back to dance with her people in commemoration.
Cage knew what would be approaching soon and turned around to see Meeka showing Rena how to hold and play the instrument. The child’s fingers were too little and it made him smile.
Rena kept playing and giggling when her mother came back, sat down and put her on her lap. “What do you have there, little one?” Brooke asked and tickled Rena’s ribs to get out a giggle.
Rena held it up to show her mother, seeing how happy she became all in one night. “Meeka Mother says it is an ocarina. She says it comes from where Cage is from. It makes beautiful sounds, but it gives me a headache.”
Meeka put a hand on her leg. “I’ve already told you it is because you aren’t used to singing or playing a woodwind instrument. When I was your age and learned to sing I’d get lightheaded too. The more you practice the less dizzy you feel.”
“She is right, Daughter. When I was little I too got lightheaded when I tried singing. I was never skilled to sing like your new mother, but it did get easier as she says. Now run along and play with your friends and remember that you’ll be sleeping with the other child girls this night.”
“Can’t we sleep together like always?” Rena pleaded.
“Not this night.” Brooke said and kissed her daughter’s cheek. She glanced longingly at Meeka who also returned the look while blushing and hesitant. “Tonight I will be busy with our new chief and new sister warrior. Go on now and play.” She took the ocarina and gently patted Rena’s bottom. The girl got up and ran off to disappear in the sea of dancing bodies.
Meeka scooted closer and asked “Why does she call me Meeka Mother?”
Brooke sat the instrument down by Cage’s bag and wrapped an arm around Meeka’s back. Brown eyes met blue. “What is the matter? Why do you look away from me when I look at you?”
“Honestly… I’m afraid. You are very beautiful and I want you… it’s just I never thought I’d ever find one person who can survive my curse and now I have two. I’ve always liked boys and girls and now I feel I’ve got one of each and I’m afraid I won’t know what to do… besides I don’t think I can survive if you challenge me for the right to mate.”
Brooke blinked before laughing. She then turned Meeka’s face to hers and gently gave her a tender kiss. “In a way you are like a child among us, Love. Allow me to educate you on a few things… First, women do not challenge women for mating rights. Only mating fights occur between men and women. Women and women cannot breed, but we can give each other great pleasures. Any woman merely has to ask another for sex and if they are receptive to it, there is no problem. But for a man who can generate life within a woman it is different. Women crave strong, smart men who can give them strong and smart babies. If he cannot beat a woman he has no right to mount us. And every girl, including my daughter, is taught how to fight and not give in to any man unless he can make her. But we do not allow our men to challenge girls till they have their first moon-flow. The only rule against it would be if she is under thirteen and is an early starter. To also forestall mating challenges in our young we separate them to different tents unless we need to send them off for protection. The men strictly teach their sons and mothers their daughters. Boys rarely get to interact with girls because they want to test themselves against girls. Since they, as children, lack restraint or control over their anger challenges get dangerous and some have died far too young. Usually it is the stupid boys who die.” Brooke grinned mischievously. “Women are the better sex after all.”
“That we can agree on!” Meeka laughed and relaxed in the naked embrace while staring at the joyous tribe. “It is too bad they are naturally stronger.”
“This is true, but we have our own advantages. They cannot control themselves when they see our breasts, flower or ass. We have more control and can use them to make them a greater strength than muscles.” Meeka threw her head back to laugh. “You are a very wonderful woman.”
“Thank you.” This time Meeka gave her a soft kiss she enjoyed. “I still wish to know why you daughter calls me Meeka Mother.”
“Because it is done this way. Strong men who win challenges and have children usually have more than one woman… hmm… look over there. See how that warrior is surrounded by five women dancing together? His name is Zatal.”
“I do.”
“He has fought and won each of them and has fathered nine children through the five. Each woman has come to love him very deeply and loves her sisters with just as much affection. Tonight there will be much lovemaking by him and each other. He will lay with each and the other four will make love to each other at the same time. They love their sisters and him equally and won’t want to be separated. Let’s say that warrior over there wants one of the five, he has two choices. First he can challenge the woman and will find her fierce for she wants to stay with her man and sisters and will do everything to keep it that way. The other option is the warrior can challenge Zatal for all his women. In those instances there is always a fatality because Zatal will mercilessly kill for his women or be killed. Most Utala men would rather die than have all the women they fought so hard for be taken by another.”
“Couldn’t they refuse a challenge?”
Seriously Brooke looked into Meeka’s eyes. “You only make a challenge if you’re willing to put your life on the line. We do not take kindly to cowards afraid to die just to keep status.” Meeka swallowed thickly. “Back to your question of my daughter. Zatal, the warrior with five women have children. Each child knows who their real mother is. Since their mother has other women she loves, the child also sees them as another mother. It is quite common for a child to have more than one mother. I had six myself.” Meeka’s jaw dropped at such a revelation. “My father was a fine warrior, second only to Elder Metak when he was the chief before the one I killed. He died saving our village when I was eleven. My mother fought at his side in the last tribal war and died as well. My other five mothers would have taken care of me, but the far-seer made me a priestess years earlier and the priestess at the time had me stay and learn all that she had.” She smiled fondly at the old memories. “And now that our prophecy has been fulfilled, I know you are my woman, sister and lover. We are destiny. Rena is now your daughter as much as she is mine though I birthed her seven years ago… Meeka, why do you smile like that.”
Meeka felt so touched she truly gave Brooke a kiss she didn’t expect. It was a deep and sensual one she had only ever shared with Cage that one night that seemed so long ago. Their lips parted and Meeka felt so loved she couldn’t express it in any other way at the moment. Their lips only parted as air needed to be breathed. Both breathed heavily and Brooke raised a surprised and questioning brow. Meeka chuckled as she wiped a tear away. “Sorry for the ambush, it’s just that I’d never dared hope feel this way. I feared I’d die alone, childless and never able kiss anyone, even my own child if a man could make me one and avoid my lips. I come here and in one day find a woman who wants me and a child who will act as a surrogate for me and I didn’t have to endure the pain…”
“You are the lucky one. Rena was a savage to get out.”
“And she doesn’t look as if I’m taking you away from her. I never knew anyone who would accept me as you and your people have.”
“We are your people so do not forget it.” She said lightly and planted a quick kiss.
“I won’t.” Meeka blushed. “I don’t want to make your night go bad, but I was wondering what Cage was talking about… he talked to Rena, but said something about her father hurting you… What did the last chief do to you that would make you kill him and every man who wanted to be chief since?”
Brooke pulled her arms away from Meeka and stared at them on her lap while sighing. “Cage is more perceptive than any man I’ve ever met.” Meeka remained silent to let her get the pain off her chest. “As priestess of the Utala I have obligations to my people. Always a woman is priestess of the Utala and has been touched by magic in some way. We are taught the laws of our people, guide them and care for them. Elders act as guides to teach the young and can only make the tribe do things when the priestess or chief is not around. The chief is our leader and none are above his commands unless he is beaten. Most chiefs are men. Few women were strong or capable enough to hold such a position. As priestess I was forbidden from taking two power statuses, but within my rights to keep it open if someone defeated me. Most times the chief wins mating rights to the priestess, as was the case with me. In my fifteenth year I had my first moon-flow and received my beads I still wear.
“The moment the blood stopped flowing from my flower the recently appointed chief challenged me for mating rights.” She sighed. “And he won because he was within Utala law. He beat me as if I were nothing more than a buzzing fly. That night he painfully entered me, caring for only his pleasure. The first time should be done gently and with care… he had none in him. My new sisters helped me in the morning after he left because I couldn’t even walk correctly after what he did inside me. He was a cruel and mean chieftain, but his strength was great. I was still in vast pain from the night before and he didn’t care as he slammed himself inside me time and time again. I was strong for my age, but not that strong. I tried defying him saying I hurt… he showed me real pain by beating me senseless and entered my ass. I never wanted it again so I submitted to his power…
“The next year I found he made me pregnant and I vowed to not allow any more mean children come from his seed. When Rena came into my life I began secretly training with the warriors who wanted the bad chief gone. He was not good for the Utala. I endured another year of misery while caring for my beautiful child and training secretly. At that time I fought for her and she kept me going.
“Six years ago I felt the time had come and challenged him to become unmated and called him many true names and told the village what he does to women if they don’t open their legs for him right away when he find himself hard. In a fit of rage he came at me with a knife, calling me ungrateful for all he had done for me. Only one good thing came from him, my amazing child.
“It truly was a difficult fight and in the end my tomahawks cut his head clean off. I had been the first mated woman to kill their mate in eleven generations. Instead of getting happy I killed the bad chief, other men of the clan wanted to claim his position. I began to see all men like the chief and killed three men that day, who challenged, in my anger. I would not have a chief do what the last did. And for six years it has been thus and only my sisters give me comfort.” Then she let out a short laugh and wiped a tear aside as she met Meeka’s fiery stare and knew she would have done the same in her place. “Then you and Cage came in my life. In a day my life changed. When I challenged him I was going to kill him like all the others. Then he did that strange whatever it was… I think he said monkey-attack. I had never in my life laughed so hard when he mounted only air and made the noise of pleasure. His surprise between looking at me far away and down was more than I could handle.”
“He has a very funny side at times.” Meeka admitted and wrapped her arms lovingly around the priestess who endured pains she didn’t realize earlier.
Brooke then grinned. “What I cannot believe is the size of his manhood. It is as long as my wrist to elbow and as thick as my wrist the whole length and straight as a staff. It looks different, but I want to know how it feels, Love. Is it amazing inside you?”
“The reason it looks different is because where he comes from he had some of the foreskin cut off as a baby. He told me the story of how it was once ritualistic, but now makes it much easier to clean and limits problems. As to how it feels, I wouldn’t know. I’m untried, but I really cannot wait to have him inside me too.”
Brooke’s head spun in unheard of surprise. “You are his woman… I see how he looks at us and it makes me feel wonderful. Why hasn’t he pleasured you with that amazing manhood?”
“Because I haven’t wounded him in our matches. I have to draw a drop of blood to claim him as a prize. Until then I know he will not do what I need from him…” Meeka looked around with narrowing eyes. “Brooke, speaking of Cage… Have you seen him after you gave him the beads?”
The priestess stood upright and looked all over. He would have been easy to see over people and the fire because of his greater height. She yelled over the crowd “CAGE, WHERE HAVE YOU GONE!?” Music, dancing and talking came to an end as they looked around to not find him. Not one person realized he left. When he didn’t reply she ordered “Hunters and huntresses! Find our chief immediately! He still has a duty to his women! Go!”
Over half of all the adults took off, searching all tents and surrounding area.
Meeka stood and placed a serene hand on her new love’s tense shoulder. “Brooke, I should warn you, they won’t find him.”
“You underestimate your own people?”
“No, because I’ve seen them surprise us on the plains. What I’m saying is you severely underestimate Cage. I cannot tell you all without his consent, but he is more than a man with magic. He does things without magic that seems like it. If they find him I will apologize and admit I was wrong. Think about it, how could he disappear without at least one person of our tribe seeing him.” Meeka then heard the barking of large dogs.
“Do you know why he left right when we were about please him and make us sing to the spirits?”
“I have an idea. Wait until the hunters return and prove me right. I will tell only you in private. But I do know he will return because he left his pack. If he truly meant to leave he would have taken it with him.”
Meeka took Brooke’s hand in her own and sat down, bringing her too and sitting the priestess on her lap. They stared and watched as everyone bustled about, searching for the chief or sitting with concern. While waiting Meeka commented “When Huntress Pomy told us to enter the village, she warned you easily get upset. I know she was right and it is because you are a passionate woman. I believe I can fall in love with you easily.”
“After tonight there will be no doubt.” Brooke said with another kiss.

Yapping dogs and dozens of hunters returned an hour later as the last group to do so. The dogs were loosed to roam as they wanted while the lead hunter told the others to go and join their mates. He walked right up to Brooke, Rena and Meeka to say “I’m sorry, Priestess, he couldn’t be found. We followed the chief’s trail to the lake like the other hunters found. Then he just disappeared. I swear he made the best false trail to fool us. I do not get the feeling he used magic… he is just a great man. The dogs had a difficult time tracking after he disappeared near the water. He should have been easy to find on a clear night like this and near a full moon as well. Priestess, I get the feeling that if our chief doesn’t want to be found, he won’t be. The only suggestion I can make is wait till he returns.”
“Thank you Hunter Rin.” Brooke looked over her daughter’s head and caught Meeka’s satisfied wink and smile. The priestess stood and looked to her waiting people. “It seems our chief won’t join us for the rest of the night. We will still celebrate with our lovers and hopefully tonight some of my sisters might be growing with child. Enjoy yourselves.” She ended seductively and made all the young women laugh as they helped their mates up to please them. “Children! Go to your tents and sleep well while your fathers and mothers are together.” She turned around. “You too Rena. Sleep well my child.”
“You too mother.” She said in a tired voice and gave her a hug. Rena turned around and embraced Meeka. “Good night, Meeka Mother.”
Meeka returned the squeeze and watched her leave with the other little girls.
“Now it is our time to be alone.” Brooke said and took Meeka’s hand in her own and walked backwards to the grand tent of the tribe.
She let go to pull the entrance flap aside for Meeka to step in. “Amazing… it feels much larger in here than I expected.” The ground lay barren of all grass, telling that the tent has been here for some time because grass takes week to die without light. Several rolls of animal hide were against the leathery wall with an assortment of other supplies. In the center of the shelter lay a stacked bundle of wood and tinder. Up above lay a hole for smoke to escape and not choke them out. Meeka looked over her shoulder to find Brooke returning with both packs and a burning stick from what remained of the bonfire. She set the packs aside and put the stick in the simple hearth.
Brooke moved over and selected the largest and most comfortable buffalo fur she owned. She laid it out beside the fire to say “Now that we are together this will be your new home. Only the chief, his lovers, the priestess and their children are allowed to sleep here. I never thought it would be good saying this, but I’m quite looking forward to sharing it with you and Cage. Usually it is only myself and Rena sharing this tent.” She began smoothing out the hide and looked up. “Come, Love, and allow me to give you something long overdue.”
Excitement and worry filled Meeka in equal quantities. The only thing to get her to approach is Brooke’s beauty and kindness. Meeka moved in and knelt on the remarkably soft fur, in front of the breathtaking woman.
Without anything left to say Brooke wrapped her arms around Meeka’s soft back. Their lips came together and Meeka tasted her newest love. She had a delicate sweetness they shared. Brooke began to gently rub Meeka all over and started kissing her cheek and soft neck. Meeka’s back arched as her skin grew hot and more sensitive. Brooke kept slowly kissing her way down to the collarbone and made Meeka gasp as she reached her breasts. When she couldn’t handle it any more she coaxed Brooke up to kiss her again and this time the priestess gained the same treatment. Meeka felt alive as she gave and received what she so craved her whole life.
Brooke gently pushed her new lover back on her back with little hesitation and crawled up on her and began rubbing her hard nipples against Meeka’s and kissed her deeply. Her hands went lower and felt how Meeka enjoyed her ministrations by the wetness and swelling. Further wanting to make her happy Brooke slid a finger inside and Meeka’s hip bucked in reaction. It made Brooke grin in satisfaction. She slipped in a second and a third to hear Meeka begin to pant and moan. She pulled her fingers in and out in slowly increasing speeds. Meeka began to feel something building in her lower abdomen and knew something amazing was about to happen. Brooke then moved faster and watched as Meeka let out a cry to the spirits and her body began to spasm significantly. In the action of release Brooke felt Meeka squeezing her fingers greatly. The explosive tremors eased into rolling waves for close to a minute.
Meeka felt hot as sweat seeped from her body and her breasts bounced from how fast she breathed. When she could think again she grabbed Brooke’s delicate face and brought her up and kissed her. “Wha… What did you do? What was that? Magic?”
Brooke kissed the tip of her nose. “It is woman’s magic. It was an orgasm. Would you like another?”
“I’m not sure I can handle something like that again.”
“Nonsense.” She smirked and worked her way down, all the while kissing her love’s soft flesh.
“Wait… What are you…” Meeka couldn’t finish asking as Brooke orally began to tease and nibble on her swollen flower. Meeka began seeing stars as Brooke skillfully used her tongue. The building began again and did so much faster this time. The release was harder and lasted longer.
Brooke moved back up and laid on her side to marvel at her work. “I told you, Love. You can have many if your lover is skilled enough. It feels good doesn’t it?”
“It was wonderful.” Meeka said in a throaty way. She then grinned. “Would you like the same treatment.”
“Most certainly.” A few minutes later Brooke panted as her body shook of its own accord. Meeka pulled her head up from between her lover’s luscious legs with a satisfied smile. Brooke leaned up and grabbed her head “I want another!” and pushed her back onto her flower for another blissful explosion that made her shout upwards in a strong orgasm that took away all other thoughts except the physical expression of true love.
Meeka and Brooke ravaged each other for hours and couldn’t get enough of each other. When they were spent they held each other tightly, never wanting to release the other. In the quiet of each other’s embrace they smiled as they hard the moans and screams of pleasure coming from other tents and lovers.
“There is something you must do.” Brooke stated in an unsure voice.
“What would that be?”
Brooke sat up and Meeka followed, feeling flush and alive. “Every Utala has seen the size of Cage’s lance and I’m afraid how he’ll hurt you.” She gently cupped Meeka’s cheek. “Since you have never laid with a man I assume your maidenhead is intact.” Meeka nodded in a blush. “He will hurt us with his manhood without intending, but your pain will be far greater than mine. You will experience more pain than the pleasures if it is not broken. I lost mine to the chief eight years ago so when he fills me I will be pleasured. You will be in much pain because of his size. The only way I can help you is to break yours now so when tomorrow comes and we make him bed us your pain will be considerably less. Would you allow me to lessen your future pain, Love?”
“How?” She asked in discomfort.
Brooke pulled one of her nearby tomahawks and showed the handle. “This will be the size of a large man’s lance. Cage will be twice this. Will you allow me to help you before he fills us?”
Meeka nodded and laid back. The later sharp pain made her wince and eased as Brooke took it out. The pain lingered and she had to use a cloth until the bleeding stopped.
After it did Brooke held Meeka in her arms and they looked into each other’s eyes. “You said you would tell me about this idea of why Cage left us.”
She nodded on the comfortable fur. “I’ve gotten to know him very well in the time since we spent together journeying. What you need to know is he doesn’t do anything without a reason and he thinks of many different things all at once. Today was an exception because he couldn’t seem to focus with everything happening all at the same time. He most likely snuck off to be alone and clear his head. He knew without you even telling him about how one man hurt you and you’ve hated them all since. He knows you were hurt when you were young and as you’ve already said, his lance is enormous. He doesn’t want to hurt you with it like the last chief did. Besides, he’s told me he doesn’t enter the ass when I asked once in private and he said he’s too big for that. Only a flower can properly hold him. Also we made a deal I couldn’t have him till I scratched him. He is getting rid of temptation.
“But the biggest thing I’ve learned about Cage is that he is alone.”
“Alone?” Brooke asked.
“Yes, alone. Do you want to know how he got the name Cage?” Brooke nodded. “He got it because someone found him abandoned in an actual cage and gave him the name because of it. I suspect his mother discarded him from birth.” Brooke’s heart began to break at such a horrible start to life. “He was raised by people that didn’t want him and was tormented by older children. He was only six when he killed three boys twice his own size. He then fled and lived by himself for a number of years till he nearly got killed. He was rescued by a warrior who brought him in. Even at a young age I bet he could fight adults without problems. That one man was the only person to ever show kindness to him. When he got a little older the kingdom learned of his abilities and trained him in more things than you and I will ever know. Let me just say he is a greater healer than I will ever be, even if he didn’t have magic. Then he became his kingdom’s greatest warrior and partnered with other great warriors from other kingdoms.
“When those kingdoms saw their own warriors as a threat they send them into a trap. Cage was the only one to survive.” Brooke stared in anger. “He then killed all who betrayed them. You will have to ask him how. Soon after, the man who raised him died.
“Brooke, Cage has never known anything except heartache. You saw him when we first kissed. It was like he died at the thought of being alone again. Then you challenged and saw that the only joyful thing he knows how to do is fight. He’s had other women, but never been shown anything except isolation. Whatever spell the Great Prophet laid upon us and took us over, took away his deep feeling of being forever alone. The feeling he couldn’t understand is what you and I know because others have explained and shown us. It is love.”
“Love? I don’t understand why he would leave us…”
“Because he has never known it truly for his twenty eight years of life.” She interrupted. “He has known companionship, but never love. Sex feels good for the body, but a woman’s love has never been given to him once in his whole life. Tonight I felt your love for me in your touch, kiss and other monumental sensations. I do not believe I would have felt the same if another did what you did. The way we are holding each other so intimately makes my heart race while I feel so relaxed and comfortable. I’ve held Cage many times, but I could feel a wall in him that said I’ll only hurt him again. Tonight I didn’t feel any resistance when you and I sat to either side. He feels our growing love for him, but cannot understand it.”
“There is no reason to love.” She commented.
“That is my point. To him, everything has a rational answer. That is why he calls himself a rationalist. He, right now, is trying to understand the feeling of love and is difficult to comprehend. He believes in what is and isn’t, there isn’t any middle ground until he figures it out. Now do you understand why he left two beautiful, naked and willing women to go and be alone?”
“I think I understand. But tomorrow, when we find him you must win. We will show him the love we can give. If we are lucky he might even impregnate us with that glorious staff he wields.”
Meeka grinned. “He will make beautiful babies with us won’t he?” Brooke nodded emphatically. “I’ll do my best tomorrow, Love.”
Brooke grinned as she said what she knew would come after a great night and kissed her.
They settled down and fell asleep contently in each other’s arms.

Distant starlight began to fade as night made way for the dawn. Cage lay looking at the sky with more confusion than he ever knew existed. Always he kept an eye on the village and it made him smile ironically that it took close to two hours before anyone missed him, the recently inaugurated chief of their people. All night it stayed a small point of light from where he sat watching and thinking. He heard the faint barking of dogs on his trail and knew he had to use a little magic to keep them from finding him. He could keep from leaving a trail humans wouldn’t see, but the powerful nose of hunting dogs weren’t so easily fooled when finding a scent. If by some chance someone could follow his trail he figured he deserved to be caught. He used magic to take his dead skin cells and odor to make several false trails and for the carefully walked trail he used he stopped at a certain point and used a bit of wind to scatter his scent in a hundred foot wide circle.
When in the night he saw dozens of burning torches scattering in all directions he laughed on the inside when a group found his circle scent deposit because the dogs spread out and confused the hunters so much they had to return.
Cage wrestled with himself, but when he got alone he could finally think clearly. It was so hard to do it with Meeka and Brooke near. The other women of the village were stunning, but couldn’t hold a candle to those two. His thoughts kept going back to them as he felt like a boy in puberty again when he noticed the opposite sex. He wanted them both and knew it would only complicate matters. It was a strange and conflicting situation. Back on Earth it was frowned upon, having more than one lover at a time. Nevertheless, he knew they wanted him as much as each other just as he wants both. That wasn’t hard to realize. The problem is it wasn’t really a want, more a need. He needed their acceptance and it filled him with as much joy as a good fight. It had never happened before, anything feeling close to anticipating or engaging in a fight. His mind kept trying to resist, but he knew it wouldn’t happen.
He touched the singular row of beads in his hair and smiled. People who didn’t even know him made him their leader and mate to their most valued member of the tribe they would all die to protect. He felt his lips, remembering the impression of both Brooke and Meeka over any other kiss he ever had. He couldn’t deny they both came crashing into his heart to permanently take residence and make it home. It wasn’t the kind of love that builds over time, it was instant and all consuming.
Each one of us has had a problematic past. Cage thought.
Only a single irrational answer came from his rational mind, he loves them both. He used magic on himself and couldn’t find anything had wormed its way inside and made him feel like this. The only thing that left any trace he could detect was that the spell that shattered the feeling he carried his whole life was all that had been targeted. That dominant feeling that protected him broke and made way for other feelings to have room to grow, leaving his mind and thoughts intact.
As darkness made way for day, Cage got up out of the tall grass and began the reasonably long walk back to his new people.
A half hour later he saw four riders on horseback barreling their way in his direction at a full gallop. He kept walking after they drew bows, showing their skill to ride full speed and stay seated without using their hands. They slowed the mounts when they first noticed his black arms and shoulders. “Chief?” One rider asked as she lowered her bow.
“Good morning, Zanza. By the flushness of your cheeks I can tell your night was exciting.” He laughed.
All drawn bows lowered as they rode right up to him and looked him over with a furrowed brows. Zanza and the others dropped down as she asked “Where did you go, Chief? You worried all your people. If it were not for our new sister, Meeka, we feared you left us forever. Why did you leave us and your mates on such a wondrous and rare occasion. Do you realize how worried we have been? Many of our warriors feared you deceived us…”
Cage placed a calming hand on your shoulder. “Breathe, Zanza, or you will faint from talking so fast. Will you allow me to explain to everyone why I left, in the village? If you wish to bind my hands to put the warriors and our people at ease, I’ll consent. Will you hold questions for now?” She went silent. “How about it Leek, Yana, Keta? Will that be allowed? I might be your chief, but I know as much of your laws and customs as a newborn babe.”
Zanza patted her hand on his and smiled kindly. “Yes, Chief. We will wait, but do not think your mates will be so kind as I for an answer. They wait for you as we speak. I hear you run without tiring, get going.” She then slapped his bare backside. The surprise made him do as she said.
In about ten minutes he and the other riders met the whole tense village. Even the children seemed more subdued. Neither Meeka or Brooke stood amongst them. He slowed when he caught sight of the elders. “Elder Metak, why have I been greeted to such a rigid group?”
He sighed, coughed hoarsely and shook his mane of gray hair. “Chief, you must know the women you left in the night are on a warpath. I have never seen such angry women and one of them we know. Best beware, Young Chief.”
From the looks on everyone’s faces they were grim. He grinned. “I’m ready for another fight.” That saying made the crowd speechless.
Cage walked ahead, escorted by his new people.
Out of nowhere came two flying bodies when he reached the center. The surprise knocked him to the ground and the wind in his lungs. He went to fight his way up and stopped when he saw two smiling faces and heard the whole tribe laughing. Brooke and Meeka each pinned him down with their full bodyweight and began laughing. He could only blink from such a position.
Elder Metak came close and looked down. “I’m sorry, Chieftain. Brooke and Meeka were adamant about making it seem like they were very upset. Your face alone made the tribe’s hard work worth it. You do not realize how hard it was to make everyone look as if they were troubled. Zanza did a great start for us.”
“A setup?” He asked the two women holding him down. Both nodded with a smile and he richly laughed.
Meeka and Brooke leaned down on him and kissed each cheek. He felt their soft lips and two pair of perfect breasts. He laughed as they leaned back, giving him an opportunity to sit up. “Thank you for not being mad at me… Meeka, you look to have had a great night with Brooke.” The two women grinned at each other. “I’m glad your first night went so well.”
“For you to have come back as you did without sneaking,” Meeka asked first. “did you figure anything out?”
“This’ll sound corny, but I learned about that odd feeling. The reason I couldn’t understand is do to the fact that I never knew about it.” He gently cupped each of their cheeks with a large hand and stated seriously “It is love. The rational answer to an irrational question is that. I love both of you.” They both smiled back at him. “Can I get up to explain a few things?”
In answer they got up while taking an arm and helping him stand. He turned around and said “My people! Gather every brother, sister and child. Since I know you can keep a secret, I wish for you to hear my story. It will help for you to know who exactly you appointed as your chief. Go and gather everyone. If they are busy, make them stop.” They looked at him for a moment before a large group dispersed to carry out his command.
Cage turned back around and raised an eyebrow at Meeka. “I see you’ve been given a gift.”
She looked down. “Yes, they had a leather thigh sheathe made for me last night so I can carry my knife without wearing my boots. It makes me feel more comfortable now that I fit in more. Being naked in front of you was easy, but in front of others isn’t as effortless to be accustomed to. With my knife it is easier to have others look at me.” She then tilted her head. “Are you going to tell them the whole story, even where you came from?”
Brooke watched the exchange in silence with those also near.
“They have a right to know who leads them. I cannot build up any trust in them with a lie. I’ll need your help convincing them of the truth. I’ll also make images to show them what I mean. I know they can keep a secret because you and Brooke had the same prophecy. If you had even thought you heard something similar, before the two of you met, I wouldn’t tell them anything.”
“Ok, I’ll help as best I can.” She admitted.
In no time at all the entire village gathered all around the large hut to hear their chief’s story. The remnants of the bonfire had been removed and was told the ashes were scattered among the plants the Utala cultivated. He had all the children sit in the front so they could see better. The adults sat together or those in the back stood to see. Cage sat on his heels to say “Children, listen carefully.” Each one leaned slightly forward. “You are going to see magic during this story. What I need you to do is stay as quiet as your parents will. I still need to say this so listen… You must never tell an outsider or anyone about my story. It could endanger you and all of the Utala. If you wish to speak to me later I will welcome it, just not while I’m speaking. Can you keep your chief’s secret?” They all nodded or spoke the same meaning. He stood up and said “That goes for the rest of you. You may ask questions, later. I will not lie to you. Believe what I say is truth. Confront me later if you judge I lied. Try to find me lying. I welcome people who can think for themselves and not believe anything till you understand. I will begin my story as I did for Meeka. It is a long story and she will be the first to hear any inconsistencies, should I lie.
“My story begins twenty eight years ago on a different world from this one.” He made an illusion of Earth in the air, half the size of himself and it drew everyone’s attention. “I was found abandoned, most likely by my own mother, and found in a cage. It is the origin of my name…”
Brooke’s head turned sharply to Meeka who nodded. She saw nothing except truth for she said nearly the same thing earlier. The story and magic continued as he showed his memories through magic. Everyone sat, entrapped by his story while periodically watching for Meeka to find a note of being false. They found none as they listened for over an hour to the story of their chief, a world absent of magic and what happened to him growing up. When he got to the part of being betrayed, he had the children close their eyes while he showed precisely what the cartel did to him. Many of the strong willed adults who were used to a hard life found his treatment sickening. He wouldn’t let the kids see torture and slow death. When his mana began to wane and quickly tire him he sporadically made illusions to prove certain points.
Cage then explained how he came to Raliea and allowed the children to feel his armguards. He left very little out, only the most gruesome details he didn’t want children to hear. He explained his meeting with Meeka, her capture, kiss, run in with wyrms, fight at the castle and all the way to their current situation.
“Now that you know of my life’s story I can explain how I felt during the celebration. Imagine for a moment that you came from another world, met a beautiful woman to journey with, see untold wonders and danger. Then you are brought to a village who knows nothing about you, has a woman try to kill them. How would you react to becoming chief after a fight and be told you had to bed her when the last man who did scarred her deeply? Would you push her into being a mate when it is a law, caring nothing for her feelings? And add to it by asking yourself if you want to hurt a companion that has been with you the whole time.
“It was too much for any man or woman to handle. We all need time to get away from others and think alone. As a human, I’m a selfish person, wanting to get away for a time. I also don’t want to feel sad just because it is difficult to realize I’m not alone and have found love in these two amazing women. I wanted several things besides solitude. The biggest being to give Brooke and Meeka time alone to make each other happy when both have such sad pasts. Look at how happy they became overnight. I didn’t want to spoil their first time with each other.”
“And we are very grateful.” Brooke announced. “Now that we know, will you join your mates this time and make us happy?”
He smiled. “Tempting, but I can think better now. Meeka still has to win the bet we made before that happens. The moment she scores a drop of blood you’ll both have me make love to both of you. I don’t need to make the same deal with you because you already cut me.” He pointed to the scab on his chest. “I will not heal this wound because you gave it to me. When Meeka does likewise you’ll both have me love you in every way.”
Brooke looked to Meeka. “Love, you say you fight two hours every morning… Get up and win so that we can.”
“I was thinking the same thing.” She admitted and kissed Brooke before standing and drawing her knife from the thigh holster. She looked down to say “Children, if you wish to stay and watch me fight the chief, you will need to back away from us.” They moved eagerly back with excided eyes. The adults became just as interested when the new members squared off.
“Hands or feet?” He asked as a grin grew.
Since Meeka progressed in her fighting he let her choose how he should return strikes. “Feet this time. It will show our people how you held back on their priestess.”
“What?” Brooke demanded as she got to her feet. “You held back?”
He smiled. “Sorry, Brooke, to burst your bubble. I will say you are a dangerous person, but it would take two of your skill to make me show my real abilities. You’re used to fighting opponents one on one where I’m accustomed to multiple. You still have improvements to make and I will show you what you lack. Watch what I’m about to do and you’ll see why Meeka chose me to attack with only my legs. Don’t be mad, Sweetheart, I’ll teach you so you can make me eat my words.” He looked calmly straight ahead. “Ready?”
Meeka took her fighting stance she’s worked on and held her knife as he taught. “I am now.”
“Then here I come.”

For two hours, every Utala watched in awe as Meeka fought Cage. They never knew anyone could fight in so many ways. Meeka avoided many deadly kicks and got in a few glancing strikes. The people couldn’t believe someone could walk on their hands while fighting and spinning. Barrage upon barrage of kicks lasted the whole two hours. Meeka fell twice by her own mistake and four as he swept her feet out from beneath. Her last move with the knife came within a quarter inch, the closest she ever got before.
“That is two hours, Meeka.” He said as he flipped himself back on his feet.
She collapsed on her knees, placed her hands on the grass and breathed deeply.
Most of the crowd clapped in response to what they witnessed.
Cage looked to the side when his other woman approached with a hint of awe in her brown eyes. He smiled to say “Where can I go find something to eat? I’m exhausted. Doing magic on top of not getting any sleep and sparring with Meeka has tired me right out.”
“We will eat together. I will show you to our gardens.” She moved over and knelt at Meeka’s side. “Love, are you hurt?”
“Just a few scratches… I’ll be fine in a minute… Do you believe me now?”
Brooke grinned. “I never doubted you. It is hard to believe until you see and hear it for yourself though.”
“What are you two talking about?” He asked.
Brooke answered. “She said some things last night I found hard to believe until you said much of the same. Come, I have questions while we eat.”
Meeka finally stood, sheathed her knife and followed.
They made it to the gardens quickly enough and gathered a few fresh foods. Then they went by the chicken pen where they harvested eggs. The last stop brought them to a corner of the village where a dozen women sat around laughing while cooking a simple flat bread on a flat sheet of metal situated above a fire.
On their way back to their tent Meeka questioned “Why do you wrap dry grass like they did to cook the bread?”
Brooke smiled and pointed to the lake. “Because wood is very rare on the plains. Those trees are the largest cluster in forty miles. We tightly bind the grass to burn better. If we didn’t, the grass would burn out in seconds. We use grass since wood is so valuable to us.”
“Then all the wood in last night’s fire…”
“Was the first and most we’ve burned in nearly two years. We collect fallen sticks all year long and only cut limbs for our bows and arrows when in need. Those yew trees have been our treasure since the Utala first claimed this for our home forty generations ago. The trees give us all we need for tools and small fires almost every night. If we have any more celebrations it will not be as big as last night’s for some time.”
They sat together and ate until full. Cage surprised Brooke as he cleaned the water and she acted as if it were the best she ever had. It wasn’t a lie. Meeka enjoyed her expressions and wondered if hers were similar when she first tried pure water.
After the morning meal, Cage noticed a few inquisitive faces, mostly curious children. He waved them over and everyone who waited came. They sat near him and one child of eleven or so asked “Is it alright if we can ask questions, Chief?”
“Of course.”
“Hold them for a few minutes, children.” Brooke kindly said. “The chief must answer mine first.” They were quiet as she turned to stare at him. “Cage, do all men on your world fight as you do or are you your planet’s best fighter?”
“No and doubtful. Not every man can fight, not effectively anyway. I am a good fighter, but there will always be someone better or I could make a mistake and lose to a lesser fighter. I am by no means truly the best. Most times I succeed only by sheer chance. I’m not anywhere near perfect, nor will I ever be. There are countless fighting styles and weapons. I excel very quickly and adapt. The arrow I caught yesterday was a fluke because usually I miss grabbing it. Though you’ve seen my skills in hand to hand, someone can still kill me.”
She nodded, surprised of such honesty. “After being stabbed in the back… what is the worst part of being crippled?”
“It’s not just one thing, it’s a bit of everything. It does change your perspective. If there was just one thing that made life in a wheelchair most unbearable is how people treat you differently. Most look on us with pity or a blight that should be removed from society. To tell you the truth, after I killed the last man and got my affairs together I was going somewhere that I’d never be seen again and live the rest of my life alone in solitude until the day I died.”
Brooke laid a hand on his leg. “But that didn’t happen. You are here and have people who will not leave you alone ever again.” She leaned forward and gave him a kiss.
“Besides,” Meeka began with a rosy smile. “we don’t look down upon you. I for one want to know if our people can breed with you. It will be fun to learn the answer.” She then kissed him too.
He laughed. “I’ve thought the same. I think it will be possible. Megdline said my body was no different than any other mans. We will have to see like you said.”
Much of the day passed as he answered many questions. They were fascinated with his world and stories. Sometimes he had to gently say he wouldn’t answer certain topics either because he didn’t know or speak of dangerous topics he didn’t want to be released into a thriving world. He wouldn’t allow this planet to suffer like the one he left. Some even strategically tried to trap him in a lie and it surprised him that these simple people were adept at mental strategy.
He also noticed a few dozen people were gone and was told the hunters went hunting to replenish the large amounts of food they depleted last night. He also knew he interrupted the hunt yesterday for buffalo. They returned a few hours later with several horses carrying large meaty sections of a buffalo from a successful hunt. The hunters were very efficient and even skinned the animal, wasting nothing except intestines that were left behind for vultures.

Dinner arrived faster than he expected because he was so occupied answering thousands of questions from Earth, including history. The Utala found knowledge interesting, refreshing and utterly exhilarating.
Just before dusk, Meeka stood up and took her fighting stance without drawing her knife. Everyone looked at her, confused. Brooke asked “Meeka, what are you doing?”
“A routine I forgot about doing yesterday with all that happened.” She looked up as Cage stood and mirrored her pose. His nod was the clue for her to explain. “This stance was one of the first things Cage taught me on how to properly fight. I found it strengthens the legs and gets you comfortable to take such a position till its natural. It helps to make my footing more solid. The problem is holding this position for a full hour.”
“Doesn’t seem hard.” Brooke commented.
“I thought the same thing at first.” Then an idea popped into her head. “Why don’t you and the others get up and find out just how easy it is.”
“Excellent idea!” Cage announced and stood tall to look at everyone who sat close to watch. “I want to do something for all of you. If you would like to learn how to be more dangerous I’ll teach all of you like I do with Meeka. If you wish to learn, get up and hold this stance for a full hour with us.”
Everyone who heard got up. They had all seen his deadly skill and the ease at which he used it. The tribe valued strength in the highest regard and for their strongest warrior to teach what he knew is a great honor, Brooke told him later on. Even children got up. Cage moved among the people, adjusting their stance until it was properly formed. The only ones who didn’t join in were the elders who were content to watch and the youngest of children who couldn’t focus long enough. Pregnant women were also content to watch.
After only a few minutes the first people had shaking legs and collapsed. Brooke stood solidly beside Meeka and said “I now understand why you taunted me. My legs feel on fire and I’m barely half through.”
“That is still better than my first attempt. I cannot tell you how many times I’ve fallen just trying to hold this position. It does help. If I did not do this every day I know I wouldn’t be as I am now. I found this pose foolish and did it anyway if it helped me to get him. It wasn’t until I was cornered and killed three men that I understood just how much it works and had made my strength improve. When we were crossing the sea and were bouncing from one topic to the next I asked him if his exercises had names like the different sword and archery schools and he said to name something like a stance or an attack is to limit the move’s natural progress and evolution. He said many moves he practices came from different fighting schools and histories. Some schools tend to only allow that particular style and he finds that a limitation. I’ve found that he is a born fighter and when it comes to combat he never uses the same attacks twice. It keeps people guessing.”
“If he fought the same way in each battle he would become lax. A proper mate should never do exactly the same thing twice or he will find himself rigid and easy to kill.” Brooke confirmed.

For the first time, Meeka held her stance for the full hour before collapsing right beside Brooke who also couldn’t hold on any longer. Three others also held on for the hour. Only Cage and the elders laughed together because everyone was so sore they couldn’t move for a time.
Darkness settled in and the tribe turned in early. They weren’t in any condition to do much else at the time. Again Cage disappeared before anyone realized and Brooke didn’t bother sending her people off in search, if the night before was any indication on his skill to leave without a trace.
Recovered from holding the same position Brooke and Meeka made love again and grew intimately closer and cried in pleasure as they each made each other quiver in ecstasy. Both opened to each other faster and more freely than either had ever done before. After a few hours of intense feelings and lovemaking Meeka held Brooke between her breasts and was content.
Before drifting off into sleep Brooke moved up and asked “Meeka Love, tell me about this deal you made with Cage.”
“Why do you ask?” She said softly.
“Because I have never had a lover like you before and no woman has made me climax so easily either. I love what you do for me, but we both know we need a man to truly complete us. In six years I finally found a worthy man I want inside me. You want him more than I because you know him better. The problem is, he is the finest warrior I truly believe the whole Utala history has ever had. I feel it will take years for you to cut him and I cannot wait that long. We both greatly yearn for him and want him with us. I need to know how we can get you to defeat him so we can fulfill our prophecy. I know we are the three and will find the truest love only when we are together. Please tell me.”
“His rules are I can only attack during sparring sessions. If I come at him with a weapon at any other time he might kill me, that hasn’t changed. Today I tried sneaking up on him, but he clinched his fist in warning. I took it to heart. So long as I draw his blood during our morning sparing time together I can get him. You saw how he fought with only his legs today, imagine him not holding back. You are right, it will take years.”
Brooke grinned after a moment. “Not exactly. I have an idea that might work in your favor…” The more she explained the wider Meeka’s grin widened. “Think it might work?” For an answer, Meeka kissed her beloved excitedly and with much trepidation.





Chapter 16

Early the next morning Meeka awoke and her subtle movement did the same for Brooke as they held each other all night. Something strange woke her. Brooke asked “What is that sound?”
“I don’t know, let’s find out.”
They grabbed their weapons and strapped the sheathes to their muscular and seductive thighs before stepping out into the early morning light.
Right outside the tent stood a strange sight. Every child from five years to fifteen stood in two lines with plenty of space between each and all looked in front of them to follow Cage’s slowed moves. The two women stared at his broad back and looked around to see several mothers and fathers standing around, watching the children mirroring the chief. He said “That’s it kids. Remember, if you ever lose your knife or bow, you still have your body to fight with. Your fist can be your best friend and will save you if you use it right. To punch harder and make someone hurt more you pull your fist back and turn it slightly like this… No, Teek, turn it the other way… that’s better. Alright, now slowly extend your arm like this until your elbow locks. If you hit someone at the moment your elbow locks, the pain the enemy feels will intensify. Now watch me and see what it looks like when you do it fast and without holding back.” One moment his fist was by his shoulder and the next it snapped fully straight, mesmerizing the little ones and adults alike for they barely saw the unleashed snap.
“Cage, what do you think you are doing?!” Brooke demanded hotly.
He spun around and smiled. “Hey, Babes. Wait just a second.” He turned back and faced the children. “I want each of you to take the stance you learned last night and do the slow punches I’ve taught you just now. Remember to use both arms, twist your wrists and extend your arm fully till it locks. Do it slow and remember my rules.” Each child did as he said and began moving. They moved at their own pace as he turned around and moved to the two women while the parents watched. “What’s up?”
The priestess looked skyward, puzzled. “Nothing. Why, do you see something?”
“It is a figure of speech. I mean why are you so upset?”
She glared and pointed to the youth behind him. “What are you doing with the children? We do not train the boys with the girls. It causes nothing but trouble. Fathers train their sons in combat as mothers do to their daughters. They cannot work together and challenge each other consts…”
Cage held up a finger and she stopped talking. “Brooke, I talked it over with the elders and they warned me what the children do when grouped together. I also got every parent’s permission to try something. Before you jump down my throat I need you to hear and see something.” He looked over his shoulder and shouted “Zeke! Get over here!” A boy of thirteen years hurriedly ran up to his chief’s side, surprising the priestess at such a prompt response. “Alright, tell Brooke my first and only rule when you came to learn.”
In a subdued voice the boy said “Chief said that so long as we do as he says we will be alright.”
“What if you disobey?” Brooke inquired with a hand on each hip.
Cage turned the boy around. Brooke and Meeka gasped as on the backside of Zeke’s stood a prominent, bright red handprint. Cage showed his hand as it being the culprit. “Go ahead, tell her what you did to get your ass spanked.”
Zeke turned back around and looked to the ground to say “I made a mate challenge. Chief told me to stop before I took another step. I took a step and the next thing I know I’m flying in the air a few feet with a throbbing backside. I listen from now on.”
“Good. Get back in line and practice.” Zeke turned and hurried back to his place to get back to what the others are doing. “Kids learn quick when you give them a proper punishment.”
“What of the girl who accepted?”
“Quee, turn around!” He ordered and a girl of similar age squeaked in surprise before turning around and showing off her large red handprint. Clearly showing fearful respect to listen and comply. He explained “When they disobey my rules each one of them will receive similar treatment. They are not boys and girls when they come here. They are my students and will respect me when I tell them to do something. If I’m to be chief I want them to know that I am kind and firm.”
“I am the same way, Cage Love.” Brooke stated. She looked over and asked “Sisters, are you sure you want your daughters learning combat with boys.”
One firm huntress came up and laid a hand on her chief’s shoulder. Brooke knew that to touch another’s mate without combat anywhere else is a challengeable offense either she or Meeka could claim. The huntress said “The chief has promised us parents he will not interfere with a mother’s combat training and only asks to work with the children three times a week for an hour each morning. The adults who want to fight as he does will be taught twice a week for the same amount of time in the morning. So long as my children wish to learn what our chief is willing to share is fine by my mate and sisters. He also has permission to use the same punishment for them as he did for the childish mating challenge. My daughter learns quick and doesn’t like pain so she will listen to all he has said. Look at them, Priestess, they obey him like no other male in the tribe. He commands respect when he needs to.”
“I’ve found that to be true.” Meeka added.
Brooke looked around. “And where is our daughter? Why isn’t she participating with the others?”
Cage felt his heart warm at Rena being referred to as ‘our daughter’ and still found it awkward. He smiled and said “Look behind you.”
Meeka and Brooke turned around in surprise at the little girl staring up at her mothers. “Mother, Meeka Mother, may I join? Dad says I must ask you first.”
“Dad?” Brooke asked and remembered what he first explained to her upon meeting. It tore lovingly at her heart and found it hard not to cry. She then looked over at Cage as he mirrored her child’s pouting look and it made her burst in a laugh that she quickly covered with her hands. She shook her head of black hair and laid a hand on Rena’s head. “Yes, you may join the others.”
“Yea!” She giggled and hurried to her place in the front line. Rena had been watching the whole time to quickly and smoothly begin executing the slow movements and forms.
“That is the first time she successfully snuck up on me.” Brooke said in surprise. “She will become a fine hunter. Cage, why didn’t you let her join the others? She is now your daughter too.”
“Because she is your daughter first and I didn’t want to risk her being taken out if you wouldn’t allow her. The embarrassment wouldn’t do anyone any good. We had a chat before I started and I knew the best way for you to say yes is for her to do something simple and would make you allow it. She said you’ve been teaching her hunting skills. This morning I taught her how to walk without making sound.”
“You taught her such a skill?”
“No, I showed her. Rena is the kind of child who responds to being shown, not explained. After showing her, she’s been practicing behind your teepee until just now. I’d say she did fairly well.” He looked back to the group and noticed their young minds wandering and the moves getting lazy. “Gotta get back. They have another half hour of practice.”
Brooke sat down and Meeka joined her as they watched him instruct the young. The mother watched her child following Cage’s instruction like all the others. “Meeka Love, I now truly want him. Not just in me. Rena actually listens to him. She never speaks to men or boys… likely because of me. Cage is already proving himself a worthy chief, but also a real father for her. We must have him. I cannot take him away from our daughter, Love. We must become a family.”
Meeka wrapped an arm around her and kissed her cheek. “He will be ours, My Love, he will be.”

After practice, Brooke invited Cage and Meeka for a much needed swim before eating. The water did wonders and they didn’t go alone. The tribe regularly bathed in the clear lake and everyone began to easily accept the two outsiders with unheard of swiftness to their culture.
They air dried from the relaxing swim while eating a filling meal and afterwards Brooke tied Meeka’s hair back while whispering in her ear as Cage conversed with those that wanted a word or advice.
As Brooke tied off Meeka’s golden head of hair she gave her a kiss on the cheek. Meeka stood surely and said “Cage, it’s about time we sparred again. Today I want hands.”
“Alright.” He said and gestured for people to back away.
She took her stance and pulled out the glistening blade her father gave. Cage’s grin grew as he charged her. Meeka successfully dodged to the left, leading him. She struck quickly and he leaned back, still smiling. She kicked out towards his groin and he easily grabbed her ankle and lifted it high, throwing her back and off balance. He let go and she rolled with the move and successfully back to her feet and charged, punching and kicking the whole time. His arms began fighting back and began pushing her back, forcing her to defend. She took three quick jabs to her right shoulder and leaned back to lessen the rapidly flying punches.
The next attack came when she swept her legs, making him do a short hop.
At that very moment, Brooke lunged, waiting for that particular move.
As Cage jumped up and stayed in the air, all for less than a second, it was enough for Brooke to take advantage. Arms encircled his head as legs powerfully wrapped around his hips and tightened. The momentum and added weight knocked him completely off balance and tumbled helplessly to the ground.
Surprise instantly turned into anger. He balled his fists and raised his elbow to slam it into the person choking him out. “Meeka! NOW!!!” Brooke shouted when she felt the immense rage about to harm her irreparably.
Meeka leapt from the ground, shouldering the elbow strike away from Brooke. The move worked as she brought her blade down, cutting a line in his chest, just over the one Brooke inflicted two days prior. “Brooke! Get away!”
Brooke released her hold not a moment too late and rolled away as his left elbow struck twice on the ground in a second, cracking a rock almost in half.
The two women backed away fast as he flipped himself up and took a stance neither of them had seen before and knew if they approached, their death would be assured. Instead of balled fists, his fingers were outstretched and arms extended in front of him and behind as he crouched low. Everyone backed far away from his long reach after seeing how he held himself and the grin that dared any to come. His arms looked like swords the way he held them.
Cage looked everywhere, just waiting to kill anyone. He saw neither friend or foe, only potential victims. When not one person approached and he calmed he stood up to glare at the two women standing together. “What the hell were you thinking, Meeka! You too, Brooke! You both know full well I clearly warned to never attack me from behind! Damn, do not ever do that again! Do you hear me?!” His yelling and anger had the tribe running in to see what happened. “Answer me! If I don’t like your answer I’m going to slap your asses so hard neither will sit for a week and I won’t heal it!”
Both women saw him shaking from so much anger. Not one person dared interfere. Brooke broke from her reverie to say “It was my idea, Chief.”
“It could have only been yours! Meeka has seen me kill for less than what you did. Explain why you interrupted her training before I tan your ass!”
Meeka finally pulled her wits together. In a calm tone she explained “Cage, look at your chest.” He looked down to see a second cut with blood slowly flowing. He then looked up to see her holding her knife with the edge stained red. “It was the only way I could win our bet.”
“The bet is still on.” He said in a much calmer tone. “That was cheating.”
“Oh?” Meeka challenged. “I fought within my time, I didn’t attack from behind and I drew your blood. You said nothing about having someone else help me. Be honest in front of all of us, how long would it take for me you cut you without help?”
“Probably ten years to never.”
“That is my point. If you do not accept I drew your blood within the parameters you and I agreed upon then you will be a liar, something I know you are not. Did or didn’t I stay within the rules?”
Silence grew heavy as Cage’s shaking stilled. He knew right away she was right, even if it was semantics. He never anticipated her working with another to inflict the wound. His black eyes smoldered between a resolute blue and brown pair. He sighed to further calm himself and say “Yes, Meeka, you won your bet. Name your price.”
Meeka and Brooke grinned to each other before saying “My prize will be for you to be with Brooke and I in every way forever.”
He then said the unexpected in a soft and unsure tone. “You realize I’ll make mistakes and disappoint you both.”
Brooke approached cautiously and placed her hands around his neck to speak in the most loving way he ever heard from her. “And we you. That is the truest saying lovers can express verbally.”
Meeka came in behind and wrapped her arms around Brooke’s middle and put her chin atop her love’s coppery shoulder. “You’d be a slave if you thought otherwise. We will always be individuals and that means different views. But you must never forget we love you and will disappoint you as well.”
“No matter what happens from this point on” Brooke said while smiling “the two of us will love and always be here. I won’t even let our deaths come just so we can all be together. Tonight, will you join us?”
“So long as you don’t attack from behind?” He wondered with a slight grin.
“We are your women so we cannot agree to that.” To prove a point she swatted the back of his head.
He chuckled. “Fine, tonight you will both have me.”
A cheer from every Utala raised as he kissed Brooke and Meeka quickly.
“What can I do in the mean time?” He asked as Brooke took her arms away.
“You are the chief. Other than protecting the village in times of danger, you may do as you see fit. Meeka and I must go with our sisters and daughters into the trees to gather sticks and other things. Today the men and boys are going to watch the buffalo herds and sharpen their teaching and stalking skills.”
“I’ll pass on that. I noticed the fields need to be picked of weeds. What method do you use to turn wheat into flour?”
“We crush it in a bowl with round rocks.”
“Hmm…” He began pacing while thinking for a minute. He lifted his hand as an idea formed and many looked as he conjured a small, green glowing bowl with razor sharp blades that spun at extreme revolutions. It took a bit of mana to make such a magical device, imagining it like the most evil looking coffee grinder to exist. He looked to the two women. “I know what I’ll do. But by the looks of it we’ll only have several hours to get things done because the clouds are building and I feel moisture in the air. It’ll rain in a few hours. You better hurry if you want those sticks to stay dry.”
Brooke and other villagers looked to the sky. Meeka asked “What is it?”
“He is right. Rain is coming… Sisters! We must hurry and get what dry wood the trees provided this day.”
Cage watched as most of the women got up or came with their daughters to travel with the priestess to walk around the woods. Meeka also followed to help in any way, humming a sweet melody others enjoyed. He went off to the fields and spent an hour pulling weeds from the edible and medicinal plants until most were gone. One of the few farmers gave thanks for the help.
He was kindly led by two of the elder women to the Utala storage pit that he had to use a ladder to descend into the ground. He was told the hundreds of barrels were gathered over the years in trading with neighboring tribes. He grabbed a filled barrel of dry wheat berries and tied a rope to a ring so that when he got up on the ground he found it easier to pull up rather than carry up the ladder.
Cage carried the whole barrel over to where six women were busy doing what he planned. “Ladies, I need you to help me.”
“What is it you need?” One asked as they all stood up and walked over.
“Well I’m going to help you out so you don’t sit all day grinding just so you make bread for the whole tribe. I’ll need you to get a large piece of cloth.”
“What for?”
“I’m going to grind this whole barrel for you and I won’t be able to do it alone.”
“The whole barrel?” Elder Shania asked skeptically.
“Do you want my help or not?”
In response, two women left and returned with a woven sheet he asked for. “Alright listen. Lay out the blanket flat on the grass. Put out the fire because we don’t need to risk an explosion. I’m going to conjure an object and it will require all my focus. When it is made and starts moving I’ll need you to slowly pour the raw wheat into it. Don’t pour it all in at once or it will be too much to handle. Do you understand?”
The fire went out and the blanket laid flat to be anchored down with rocks. Four women pulled the barrel to where he said. Cage focused and a three foot wide by two deep bowl of iridescent green magic formed before them all. After the bowl hardened, thousands of razor thin six inch blades appeared in a growing ring pattern, leaving a tiny hole in the bottom center to release only the ground product. He then began spinning each ring in opposite directions until they blurred and gave off an angry hum that drew other onlookers who remained behind. He last created a lid and a hopper to protect from flying projectiles.
Cage gritted his teeth and said through them “Start pouring. It isn’t easy keeping this monster together.”
The four women worked together and began pouring the dry seeds into the hopper and heard the wheat being devoured by the magically constructed machine. It scared everyone, but he told them to keep pouring. They obeyed and continued slowly pouring into the feeder, adding enough of the barrel to only fill half the hopper. The pull on his mana was intense as each time a seed was shredded it took more mana to keep it formed, from dulling and keep the rotations flying.
Three loud minutes of angry grinding and shredding from the glowing green conjuring dropped Cage to his knees. His whole focus laid on the grinder, keeping it moving. Right when he began to see spots dancing in his vision one of the women said “Chief, the barrel is empty.”
He let the magic loose from his focus and the magically created machine disappeared. White flower and bran dropped heavily to the large cloth. Some dust flew off to the wind. The women stared at the two foot tall mound left behind. The first to react was Elder Shania as she hurried over and laid a hand on his shoulder. “Chief, what is wrong? Why are you so out of breath?”
“Magic… did… too much.” He said and put his head on the ground to hold a throbbing headache. “Can someone get me berries and water?”
In a minute one of the women hurried over to find him sitting up, but with a hanging head. “Here, Chief.”
“Thanks…” He took the cup of water first, cleaned it of impurities and drank the whole thing without taking a breath. The berries vanished almost as fast. He sat for a time to recover from the difficult magic. The women gathered up all the crushed wheat and began sifting the flour from the bran. While they were doing that one of the women happily said “Chief, I want to thank you. You have done us a week’s worth of tedious grinding in a few minutes. No chief before you has done this and I thank you greatly.”
He looked up and said “Ladies, you better bring in the flour and work inside. It’s about to rain.” To further add to his words came a low rumble from a far away thunder rolled through.
He went to get up and help, but one said “You have done enough today. Go recover in your tent. I can see my sisters hurrying back. They will want to get what they collected inside before it rains too.” She handed him another bowl of berries. “Eat these. They seem to help you. You’ll need it for what awaits.” Her wry smile gave little doubt as to what she meant.
“Thank you.” He returned and began eating berries as he walked to the tent and slipped inside to lay down.
Before entering, he saw the returning women piling up all the twigs and branches to begin diving it up as equally as feasible. Each family unit got a stack. Meeka helped gather and waited for Brooke’s approval before gathering another of equal size. Rena and the children took the bundles and ran them to each tent just as the sky turned purple and the first sprinkles began to fall. In minutes the pile disappeared before the downpour arrived.
Meeka tucked their bundle under her arm and half ran with Brooke to their tent. Inside they found Cage playing with tiny lights around his fingers. Brooke quickly sealed the entrance with a strip of leather. Brooke shook the droplets from her hair and said “Looks like this one will last awhile.”
“Then I guess I’ll have to make sure it is time well spent.” Cage said as he stood and wrapped an arm around each woman’s soft waist.
Brooke beamed as Meeka balked and felt her features heat. Brooke noticed her change, pulled from Cage’s hold and held her to say “What is the matter, Meeka Love?”
Meeka looked to Cage and asked “Can you start the fire?” He nodded and took the bundle over to the center and turned his back. Meeka then placed her lips by Brooke’s ear to whisper “I’m suddenly afraid to make love with him.”
Brooke put her lips to Meeka’s ear to whisper back “All will be fine. Just remember these two rules. Do not pass wind or scream another man’s name.” Meeka couldn’t hold back a burst of laughter and held her hands over her mouth as tears began forming. “That’s better.” Brooke grinned easily.
Cage stood after lighting the fire with a simple spell. He turned around to see both women more relaxed and humored. He approached and simply looked between them. Brooke kissed Meeka’s cheek and said “He is yours first, My Love. You have waited longer than I. Remember what I taught you.”
“Oh no.” The women looked at him smiling. “This isn’t going to be one at a time. I will pleasure you both simultaneously.”
“It cannot be done.” Brooke stated, sure of the fact.
“Challenge accepted.” He grinned and wrapped an arm around each and gently laid them on the fur. Meeka and Brooke looked to each other before staring up at him as he knelt between each of their legs. “Are you both sure you want me?”
Instantly each nodded, feeling a racing heartbeat as he stared at them longingly.
He smiled and began rubbing each of their taught bellies. His simple touch was a caress that each enjoyed. Slowly he brought his hands lower and found each were already excited and wet. They began moaning together and gasped as he slipped his fingers in. He said in a low, husky voice “The only way I’ll be able to fit into either of you is if I do this.” He stuck three large fingers in each and hooked them to slowly stretch and make them orgasm in seconds. They each cried out and began to spasm. If not for him sitting on a leg they would have been thrashing all over the place. “Oh I’m not done yet!” He promised and while they went orgasmic he kept hooking and sliding his thick fingers inside. They cried louder and louder in pleasure and it aroused him in a satisfied way. He let them cool off and Brooke stated “By the spirits… What was that?”
 This time he inserted four fingers and made them scream in passion over and over again. He let them rest and asked “Brooke, care to rephrase what cannot be done?”
Her hips bucked in longing as she smiled in a satisfied way while sweat dewed her whole body. “I believe you.” She grabbed his hand and put it back in. “Again.”
“Yes, again!” Meeka ordered.
He gladly obliged and made them go in the throes of passion.
When they cooled off Brooke and Meeka sat up and found it hard to orient their legs. Brooke seductively said “It is our turn to pleasure you, Cage Love.”
They pushed him back. Brooke crawled up and sat on his rock of a solid stomach and leaned down. Her lips met his and gave him a deep kiss. His lips parted under her coaxing and she got her first taste of his pure sugar flavor. She leaned back and touched her lips. She looked over her shoulder. “You’re right. I will enjoy kissing him. Nothing has ever tasted so sweet.”
“Good thing I like to share.” Meeka responded and kissed Brooke.
After, Brooke began leaning down to kiss Cage thoroughly.
Cage loved kissing Brooke and Meeka and being kissed in return. What he didn’t realize till it happened was Meeka began stroking his lance. It hardened in seconds, surprising both women as Brooke felt it slightly spread her cheeks. Meeka’s instincts took over as Brooke said it would. She consumed him with her mouth and began stroking the thick shaft.
When he couldn’t handle any more of their overwhelming teamwork he leaned up. Brooke took herself off as Meeka felt the shift and pulled back with glazed eyes. His long arms tenderly pulled the blonde bombshell closer and laid her back. He positioned himself above her heated flower to say “If it’s too much, tell me.” She nodded and spread herself wider to accept him. She watched as the lance positioned itself and slowly touched her flower. She gasped as the thick point tried and failed to enter. A little saliva solved the problem. The head entered and Meeka’s eyes flew open and her back arched. “Too much?”
“No… just big!” she panted. “Keep going.”
Meeka was very tight as he entered slowly. As he got half way she put her hands on his chest to hold still. He watched as she became accustomed to the pain and her womanhood stretched to accommodate his great size. She was so beautiful and kind that he knew from that moment she would do anything to have all of him. Her hair lay out as she sweat out the joy filling her. When her hands pulled back he pushed further. In a few seconds he had only a quarter to go. “Meeka, this last part is going to hurt, but I must thrust all the way.”
“I’m ready.”
He slammed in, fully sheathing himself. Meeka gasped as the pleasure-pain ravaged her body. She had an orgasm unlike any before. She couldn’t think as her body shook beneath him. He bound her arms to her body with his for her own protection and held himself fully inside her. It took a full minute for her to calm her own body. He asked “Are you alright?”
“No, I’m wonderful… it really hurts, but I expected it… I’m never going to forget… Now Cage, no matter how much pain it’ll sound like, make me vibrate as many times before you release inside me.”
He whispered in her ear. “I love you, Meeka.”
Tears of happiness flowed from her eyes. “And I you.”
He pulled back almost all the way out and gently thrust the whole length in. Meeka cried “Oh CAGE!!!” as she had a growing orgasm each time he thrust. She never knew such pleasures or happiness could be possible until she became a Utala. Her orgasms were the strongest Cage had ever given a woman and it fed his own primal desire to give her more. Her soft flower began milking his lance more intensely than he ever knew or could remember. It made it hard not to release as he wanted to give her her first experience with a man and make it memorable.
Then her legs wrapped around his waist and her back arched, making her cry out loudly and it made his body respond by convulsing deeply inside her.
Meeka’s body slacked as waves and waves of rolling orgasm accepted his seed. Cage laid her back gently and made her comfortable, slowly sliding out.
He looked over his shoulder to see Brooke keeping herself ready, panting and he grinned “Ready for me?”
Brooke stopped, looking between her loves. “No man can be… oh my…” her jaw dropped as his lance remained firm.
“You will find I’m not most men.” He grinned and made her get wetter.
She crawled over with a seductive walk and he stood. She went to lay down, but he said “I’ve got something special for you.” She raised an eyebrow. He held his hand out and she took it. “This will hurt, but I doubt you’ve never had it done.” Before she could respond he picked her up and her legs locked around him. He grabbed himself and as she came down she shouted “GREAT SPIRITS!” as her body climaxed with every thick inch she accepted till she felt beyond filled in body and spirit. Cage held her bottom as she climaxed over and over again, just holding him inside her. He held tight on her beautiful tattoo mark until her quakes settled.
When they did he kissed her deeply and she gladly tasted his sweetness. She wrapped her arms around his neck and held on. When she relaxed a little he lifted her up, pulling out some and slammed to the hilt again, making her alternate screaming between ‘Great Spirits’ and ‘Cage’.
For an hour she took his pleasures and finally Meeka recovered enough to see Brooke riding Cage’s lance as he lay on his back. She smiled and said “I want in.”
Before she knew what happened Cage had pulled her over and began pleasuring her flower with his mouth while Brooke continued vocalizing her love while riding as one would a horse in full gallop. Meeka also began to sing with Brooke as she half-sat on Cage’s face. When they couldn’t yell any more they began kissing each other while getting pleasures by their greatest lover to exist. When Brooke couldn’t handle any more they traded places and Meeka impaled herself more quickly than she meant, but found it to be much to her liking.

After over eight hours of constant pleasure Cage rolled off Meeka and she rolled over onto her back. He breathed hard and threw his hand up. “Damn, how much more can you two little minxes take?”
“You inspire greatness in us.” Brooke purred as she curled up into his right side, exhausted.
“We respond better to no other.” Meeka panted as she rolled into his left.
“Serenity and anger will bring about the truest love any ever considered possible.” Cage repeated, after hearing it again yesterday. “That prophet sure hit the nail on the head. Screw wanting to be alone forever. If I didn’t love either of you before I sure do now!”
“After tonight, I fully agree, My Loves!” Brooke said with a satisfied sigh.
In a moment of concern he said “Listen, I know you are both in pain. Would you let me heal your agony?”
“Don’t even think about it!” Meeka said and looked to Brooke who nodded. “This was our first true night together. This is the best pain I ever felt in my life. Do not take it away from me, Cage. It is the proof I finally have you after all our struggles. If you take away this pain I’ll get you hard again and get it back.”
“I’d like to get him hard again anyway.” Brooke teased and kissed his chest.
“No more!” He pleaded with a laugh. “Eight hours is longer than most hearts can handle.”
“But you said you aren’t like most men.” She teased again.
“But I’m still a man!” He joked. “Let’s just sleep together.”
“Alright,” Meeka yawned. “But if you wake up with one of us on that amazing lance of yours, don’t be too surprised.”
“Devious, My Love, absolutely devious.” Brooke commented. “Why didn’t I think of that?”
They all had a chuckle as they all fell asleep quickly in each other’s arms.

By morning the rain stopped and Cage roused the two sore women. They groaned in obvious pain, each holding their abdomens. He asked again to heal them, but was told no. Cage had to help each to stand as he practically rearranged their insides. When they could stand properly he gave them their weapons and went to undo the flap. He opened it and stepped out in the cool morning air to be greeted by many applause and cheers.
The two women came out to see the whole tribe gathered around their tent.
“What is all this?” Cage asked as his feet squished on the soggy grass.
Elder Shania came forward as silence ended the cheering. A smile clearly etched on her flushed face. “We came to congratulate you on your performance.”
“Uh… were we that loud?” He asked sheepishly and the girls became embarrassed.
“Loud?” Shania asked. “I’m surprised if neighboring tribes didn’t hear you!” The Utala laughed gleefully. “Even the thunder bowed to your skill, Chief. You made your women stir the blood of us all. The Utala became in a mating frenzy more strongly than accepting you as our chieftain. By the spirits, every man tried to outdo you, even Metak who hasn’t pleased me in three years.”
“Not Fair!” Metak yelled. “I pleasure you and your sisters plenty.”
“Not with your manhood.” She shot back. Getting a roar of laughter.
Cage heard this and stood a head taller than the fit older elder. “Metak, is it hard for you to… you know?”
The laughter died down at the seriousness of the old and new chief. “Alas, it is the way as we get older.”
Cage grinned. “You forget, I’m from a different world. And I have magic here. How would you like to make your women cry every night?”
Metak balked and his aged eyes grew sincere. “Can this be done?”
The new chief grinned. “It is a medical problem I know how to heal.” He looked to the standing elder women. “You better run, in a few minutes this old dog will have a new trick to teach you.” Cage put an arm around Elder Metak. “Come inside, old man, and let me fix your problem.”
Metak got a spring in his step and entered the large tent. Ten minutes later the waiting crowd heard a yelp of surprise from the elder and saw him exit the tent with a fully rigid lance. His weathered grin spoke of happiness. He looked to his women and said “Get to our tent!” and chased the six giggling old women to their tent, getting another laugh from their people.
Cage exited to be doubly embraced by his women. Brooke said “You are a wondrous chief. Our people have never been so happy.”
He shook his head to clear the fatigue. “Do you think I can get something to eat? I’m about to keel over here.”
“Our people thought as much.” Meeka said and pointed.
Over a few feet away sat a large platter of flatbread, cheese, eggs and vegetables. “While you worked on the elder,” Brooke began. “my sisters told us how you used magic to make flour faster and more fine than we could have and how tired you became. Then you satisfied us and healed the elder.”
“I did more than give him a way to please his women.” Cage stated in seriousness as he grabbed the tray and brought it over. “My people, I must speak with you.” They heard his tone and followed him intently. “Fixing Metak’s ability to make love took maybe a minute. I grew concerned when I sent my magic into him and was able to sense a disease. It’s called cancer. He permitted me to tell you this, but if I had not sent my magic to heal him he would be dead in only a few weeks.” The tribe grew concerned. “Thanks to a fellow mage who gave me the idea, I broke down the cells that were killing him and made him sweat it out.”
“Will he be alright?” Brooke asked.
Cage nodded. “That is why it took so long. The cancer was spread throughout his whole body and it was very hard to get it all. I will have to check on him every now and then, but he will die much later, if an accident doesn’t occur.
“While I healed the elder it got me thinking. You all have been so kind to me and Meeka, giving us a home we never really had. I want to return your generosity and make sure none of you die from something I could prevent. I will not order you to do this, but if you allow me to check each one of you I’ll do what I can to see you healthy. Healing takes a lot of mana and concentration so I’ll need sweet foods like fruits to keep up my strength. I’d like to see the children first and they will be accompanied by their parents. I will have to postpone training the adults how to fight today.
“Say no now if you don’t want me to use magic on you.”
A few seconds later a hunter said “Chief, I mean no disrespect, but I feel fine. If I do not I will come. I wish to avoid magic used on me if at all possible.”
Brooke was about to shout, but Cage stopped her with a hand on her leg. “As always, it is your choice. I will ask this, while I see to our people who want my help, will you scout around and make sure our home is safe while I’m occupied.”
“With honor, Chieftain.” The man said and turned around, grabbed his bow, arrows and a six foot, metal tipped lance. Three others followed him.
“Rena,” Cage asked as he looked to his stepdaughter. “come stand in front of me with your mothers.”
She quickly moved and took the hands of both Meeka and Brooke. He sent his magic and recoiled as a headache splintered his concentration. “Better not hold hands, it is too much to handle all at once.” They let go and he sent his magic to Meeka first, finding it much easier, then to Rena and lastly to Brooke. He checked for tumors, parasites, heart problems, anything out of the ordinary. “Looks like all the little ladies in my life are in perfect health.” He gestured them to move as already a line started and were as silent as a stalking cat.
The next were a mother and daughter. He took a few bites of food before working a more accurate scanning spell than any medical equipment back on Earth. “Your daughter is fine, Bali, but you have parasites in your eyes, likely from a bug bite. Hold completely still for a moment.” Those watching saw her eyes glow blue for a few seconds. “Is your sight any better?”
The young woman’s eyes opened wide as she looked everywhere. “I can see much better, Chief. Everything looks… amazing. I think I might be able to hunt now?” Her eyes watered. “Thank you, Chief.”
All day he spent, seeing every individual and ridding them of the ailments modern science could treat back home. Cage began to wish magic worked on Earth, at least to heal. He got rid of cancer without hurting the patient and fixed teeth better than any dentist ever could. The most common Utala problems were parasitical though a few of the older individuals had benign tumors or artery blockages which were quite easily removed. He had to call for a break a few times to rest and eat. When he recovered enough he went right back to work.
Either they left as they were or had a blue healing color and left feeling much better. Eventually Metak and the other elders came out to be checked over. Each one looked and felt years younger after his treatment.
By nightfall the last Utala was seen and Cage ate.
A few hour later he gave his women another night to remember.

In the morning Cage had the children gathered and were practicing with them when came a rider on horseback yelling “An Emrocan patrol wishes to give warning to our people.”
Brooke stood and asked “What warning?”
The rider said “The men will not say and request an audience to speak to our leaders.”
“Allow only one to come and deliver this message.” She said and watched the rider flee southwest. “Children, hurry to the shelter. Off you go.”
Rena and the other children came together and moved towards the lake and trees with the nursing and pregnant women. The rest of the tribe gathered as Cage walked up and asked “What do I need to know on what to do, Brooke?”
“Normally we bring people in near our tent to hold talks. I get the feeling they will be giving us a warning. You need to stand between me and our elders at the front of our people.”
“And me?” Meeka wondered.
Brooke brushed her fingers along her love’s soft cheek. “You must stand among our sisters and be silent. I am to speak to the one coming.” She looked to the gathering tribe. “Let us meet the visitor outside our tents. Prepare your weapons in case.” Bows were gathered and arrows notched by nearly everyone.
Cage walked beside Brooke to ask “What kind of warning will they give? Do you have problems with the Emroc military? Will they give an ultimatum?”
She shook her head. “No, from time to time we get visited by the Emroc military and get news or trade. Emroc has a longstanding treaty with those of us who live on the Tribal Plains. We offer hospitality if the King’s men need to cross our land and in great times of need they help us. Our buffalo herds and cattle are always good for trade. They will not interfere if we claim war on another tribe, but for great outside threats they are good at allowing us to keep our way of life. Also they know we are a strong and deadly people and to threaten us is tantamount to their death. To make war on a single tribe will break a thirty generation treaty and make all tribes forget anger at each other to destroy any and all who so much as come near our homeland. You will not have cause to worry from this patrolman.”
“I don’t know him so I won’t trust what a person says or wears. Their actions will either find me a friend or their end.”
“Very wise. Remember, as chief, you are my equal. It would be prudent to allow me to talk for our people.”
“I’ll only say something if I’m asked. Or if he pisses me off.”
Brooke grinned.
The tribe prepared themselves for an encounter. They moved out and stood in a semicircle with Cage, Brooke and the seven elders centered. They watched as two riders rode in. The soldier was easy to spot since he was the only one to wear anything. He wore a forest green shirt, brown pants and leather boots. Strapped to a hip was a short sword and to his back hung a crossbow. On his breast displayed a green dragon in flight, Brooke clarified it was the Emrocan crest.
The man came within a hundred feet, stopped and dismounted. The patrolman looked to be a few years older than Cage, not by much though. He approached and raised a hand. “Ho Utala! I come bearing news you must heed.”
Brooke said “Speak what you must and we will consider. Your news must be urgent for you to say we must heed your words.”
The man nodded. “The war with the Laqura Empire is hard to resist, Priestess. We’ve just gotten reports yesterday that nearly ten thousand troops of our enemy is traveling from the north, wrecking havoc on the northern tribes. Already the Tele and Olon tribes have been confirmed destroyed. Those that did not die were bound and taken to the empire, destined for slavery. I know your tribe is one of the larger ones, just be careful. I’m sorry to report this, but we cannot gather troops quickly enough to combat the ones approaching on the plains for a fortnight. I also must warn, they have a great many mages fighting and supporting them. Forgive me, but I must report further north to your neighbors and tell them such. Be careful.”
“May the spirits watch over you.” Brooke said and watched the man return to his horse and leave.
“Are we in any danger?” Cage asked in a low tone.
Elder Shania said “Living on the plains is dangerous, deceptively so. But to infiltrate Emroc via the Tribal Plains is foolish. Ten thousand warriors are a serious problem though, especially if they utilize magic-men. The Olon and Tele tribes are half our own in number, but to even hear some have been captured is very worrisome. All of us would rather die than be captured. These numbers must be accurate.”
“What is it we do if we know they are coming from the north? Right now I need Intel.”
“Intel?” The old woman asked, unfamiliar with the word.
“Intelligence, reports, clear details. I don’t know a thing about this Laqura Empire. I’m lacking knowledge of a serious threat, if what he said is accurate…”
“That is part of the agreement, we cannot lie to each other, especially on something like this.” Brooke said and everyone listened. “Our people don’t know why this land to the north wishes to attack or anything about them really. The only thing we can do to get this, Intel, you speak of is to find it ourselves. If from the north they come, we must…”
“Rider coming from the north!” a far away shout alerted the tribe.
Brooke rushed through the teepees, but gawked as Cage’s long legs made him flash past, outrunning every member of his people as an adult would a child. He stopped a minute later to see three horses walking together. The two outside were Utala the middle was a man and horse on their last legs. The rest of the tribe stood with him and watched as the man was helped down and brought to the gathering people. “Chief, you and the priestess must hear what he has to say.” A lanky woman said.
The man stood wobbly before a giant of a man with Utala beads of a chieftain. “Please, listen… I was sent to warn that we are under attack.”
“We were told just minutes ago.” Brooke said and handed the man a cup of water he sorely needed.
He drank and shook his head “There were too many. I am the last of the Olon. My people are gone and I must warn you to flee. You do not want those butchers coming here, but you won’t have a choice.”
“What can you tell us of them?” Cage asked, not caring of tradition at the moment. An army on the way didn’t sit well, it made him anxious for a fight.
“Their warriors aren’t very skilled, but their numbers are great. If that were not enough, many are protected by magic. Our arrows weren’t very effective. The only thing we found that to kill even a few is to fight close and get past their armor… my women and children…”
Cage snapped his fingers close to the man’s face to make him focus. “Where are they and how much time do we have to prepare?”
“A week, I think. The mages find our villages and send the warriors…”
Cage turned around after telling the man to rest. Two men came over and help him. He looked to his people. “I don’t like the sounds of this… Zanza, pick three other skilled warriors to come with me. We are going to see these forces ourselves.”
“You’re going, Chief?” Someone asked.
“Yes, I am within my rights to protect my people. We are just going to scout, but if I can screw with them a little and give us more time then I will. If I can slow them down I will try. I will do whatever it takes to protect all of you. While I and the warriors are away I need the tribe to begin packing in the event I know they will be coming this way. Will you do this for me?”
“We will.” Brooke said and laid a hand over his heart. “I would like to go with you. I am a great hunter because of my gift.”
“No, I need you and Meeka to help our people. I’ve seen how you two do together and you get more done. Coordinate our people and make plans while I and our warriors see what is coming. If any more riders come I need you here to keep doing what you do. Trust me to do what I’m good at. After I’m satisfied we’ll come back with news. Meeka,” He looked at her as she came up and wrapped an arm with Brooke’s. “you are good at keeping a level heat at most times, use it to be sure our people stay safe. I’m better at fighting while you excel at organizing. If it is bad and we have to leave, make sure the approaching force cannot use anything we have.” He went up to each of his women as Zanza, a sister and two male warriors approached with horses. Cage kissed each one and looked at each. “Be safe while I’m gone and come up with ideas I know your both good at. I didn’t fall in love with fools.”
“That, you didn’t.” Meeka smiled. “Be safe.”
“Yes, we still have more love to show you.” Brooke added.
Cage grinned and looked to the armed, waiting, naked warriors. “Let’s run.” He turned around and began running a sustainable pace that anyone else in the Utala would have only been able to match for a few struggling minutes. The horses found it tedious, but effective.

On the evening of the third day Cage whistled as he saw a tiny disturbance far to the north. His warriors slowed on their horses and came close. He said “It’s time we ditch the horses. Look ahead, that’s smoke. It rained through here not an hour ago. We wouldn’t see it if it weren’t manmade.”
“It is as you say, Chief.” Zanza confirmed and slid down from her horse with the others. She checked her weapons while asking “Are we to sneak up?”
“Yes, but if there is any sign they are coming this way you are all to run and warn the village to go. Am I understood?”
“What about you?”
He grinned. “If that happens I’ll keep them off you by having some fun. They won’t like it though.” The four warriors looked oddly at each other. “Enough talk for now. We need to see what is going on.”
The plains in this area were riddled with hills and very high grass, perfect to duck down in if they saw something and needed to hide quickly. Cage led the man hunters towards the rising smoke for a few hours, moving fast up hills and slowly down them. The other warriors were amazed at their chief’s skill because he made no sound when they were being stealthy. Of course when they ran the grass crunched beneath his large feet. To Cage, these hunters were the best he’s come across in many years for they were quiet and could keep up well.
Before dusk, they began to hear screaming far ahead. Cage, when they rested, taught his party a few hand signals, so their voices wouldn’t give them away. He located a large, nearby hill and signaled for them to follow him up. They crawled up on their bellies. Zanza and her warriors took off their bows and held three arrows at all times.
They reached the peak of the hill to see a smaller, but similarly built tribal village under attack. Cage had to restrain his warriors saying “It is too late. If we try to help we’ll all die. Let your anger loose when the time is right. If you leave my side I’ll kill you myself.” That got the warriors to remain put, barely.
The attack neared its end as they made it to the hill. The warriors watched as the tribe down below dropped their bows and rushed the pale armored men with swords. On their breast were the standard of the Laqura Empire, a gray and red mountain. Many hunters were killed by the horde of men on warhorses, but a few were able to use a knife or spear to kill an enemy. The empire’s men spotted a small group of children trying to flee with three young women. They didn’t get far as ten riders charged at them and threw a heavy net over the group and tangled them up. Shackles were taken out and bound the once free people into captives.
For Cage, he saw more than men in armor attacking people. He estimated three thousand attacked a tribe of less than two hundred. It wasn’t to slaughter, but to capture and enslave. He saw that arrows were quite useless from where he and the others watched, but close ranged attacks were somewhat effective. The attacking men primarily relied on swords or crossbow. Those villagers who survived and were bound were led to a group of crossbow wielding men on horseback and were secured to a heavy wagon being loaded with whatever the village had that the army could use. Mostly it was food, furs or sparse amounts of metal.
Two men stood commandingly at the heart of the village. It was too far for Cage to make out any details, but a large dog or a wolf stood near one and acted odd for such an animal. Cage realized he looked at a Familiar to a mage.
The attack on the village was nothing compared to what he saw next. He softly clicked his tongue and pointed further north. The Utala warriors looked on with fear and anger because in the slowly failing light they could see hundreds of cooking fires from the main army encampment. Thousands more armed men simply waited for the night to pass for them to continue their campaign.
Another click of the tongue gathered his peoples attention and he began crawling backwards. They followed. In the shade cast by the hill Zanza stated “I fear we must leave our home for the first time in many generations. We cannot face that. Chief, did you learn all you needed? If so, we must return and tell our people…”
“Hold your horses, Zanza… Sorry, it is a term where I am from that means to be patient for a minute and let me speak. Tell me what you learned back there.”
“Those men are horrible. They have no honor in fighting fair. They have armor and magic to defend themselves. They capture children and kill any who resist. I even saw them kill an elder who didn’t resist… why?”
“Because they don’t have any use for the elderly. Those men are slavers and will only take the young and the strong. Even different worlds have the same problems. If my world’s history is any reference or indication, those captured will be taken to a slaver compound, have their spirit broken and then be sold to the highest bidder. Men become laborers mostly. Women are usually taken to brothels and raped for as long as they live or be thrown to the military to keep the men happy. Slaves will have a hard life and most die or kill themselves to escape their captors.
“From what I’ve learned since becoming your chief only about six thousand tribes people call these plains home. Even if we got them all together that army would still wipe them out. Our only chance to remain free is to leave.”
“Then we are wasting time here.” One of them said.
“I’m not done yet.” They looked at him doubtfully. “Right now they don’t have any idea we are here. I know that someone down there is using magic, but I cannot feel it. I know this because I saw the Familiar of a mage.
“What I need to do is see if there is a chink in the spell that protects the grunts from arrows. It is why I brought you four with me. If I can find a way to break through it will give us an advantage, however slight. Zanza picked you because she knows I needed skilled warriors who can shoot. We will only have one shot at this. After we shoot we must get away before being spotted. They will send patrols to search the area. Now I need the four best arrows to enchant.”
The hunters took out their arrows and selected the four straightest and best fletched. Since Cage couldn’t feel the tingle of spells he reasoned he would be relatively safe doing magic without being sensed.
The first arrow he simply charged it with a speed spell he usually did with rocks to fly much faster. He handed it to the first woman.
The next he focused and pictured the tip passing through whatever barrier protected the likely conscript on the other side of the hill. The shaft turned black as he fed it enough magic to cut through solid rock.
The third he had been practicing during periods of rest. He focused as he wanted an explosive charge to the projectile and a pea size red orb attached itself to the tip and absorbed his magic. Somehow he felt it had the explosive potential of a pipe-bomb. It took a bit more of his strength than he imagined, but not more than he could handle. He handed it over, saying “Be careful and don’t let the tip or the red spell touch anything unless you want to kill us all. It has been charged to detonate as soon as it touches anything. The man gulped and carefully kept the tip away from everything.
Lastly, Cage took the final arrow and spelled it aloud this time because he needed to add properties and might make a mistake to do it silent. “At the feel of magic, slow down on your way to the target…” The shaft flashed black as the spell imbued in the arrow. “Move at the speed of a knife’s thrust.” It flashed again. “If you still are stopped by magic, turn downward and drill beneath the ground and come up beneath your target with the speed of a bullet.” This flash of black also added a spinning drill head just above the arrow’s tip for a moment. It also drew enough mana to complete all the set spells placed on the object. He then said “Zanza, this is yours. Now before we crawl back up I need for all of you to select a target. Our attack is a test so do not aim for someone shouting orders. Definitely do not aim anywhere near the captives. When you find someone, point him out so two of you do not fire an arrow at the same person. You must tell me if your arrow kills the target. I won’t be able to watch because I need to see how the mage reacts. If he finds us I’ll do what I can, but let’s hope it won’t come to that. I want to fight, just not right now. Are you ready?”
The five returned to the crest of the grassy hill. Each quickly pointed out a different target and notched their arrows. Cage kept an eye on the two men barking orders in the center of the decimated village and the large canine. The caravan of captured men, women and children began to move out when Cage gave the signal.
Four simultaneous twangs sounded from the weapons. A moment later came an explosion that lit up the area and had men scrambling and screaming for cover. The two men and Familiar looked surprised and called for horses while the Familiar barked.
“Alright, get back to the horses.” Cage said and moved down with his hunters. At the bottom he and the others began to run flat out.
A minute later he heard the sounds of charging horses and had everyone dive down in the dark shade of high grass. He felt the tingle of magic and cursed. A man in green robes held a glowing staff and a woodsy wolf glared in their direction. The mage dropped something small, presumably one of the loosed arrows. “Damn!” Cage cursed and knew the mage spotted them as he aimed his staff in their very direction. “GET TO THE HORSES NOW!” Cage yelled and the small group of cavalry men and the Familiar charged down the hill.
Zanza and the warriors fled by their chief’s orders with the most reluctance.
Cage stood up with a grin. “Looks like I can play after all.”
The men and Familiar charged the lone stationary figure while four fled. The green robed mage held still on the top, content to watch from afar an easy capture.
Cage knew where the biggest threats laid and it weren’t from the charging horsemen, but they would complicate matters and be a distraction. He thought of a way to remedy the problem. Cage focused on the tall, sloping, grassy hill and sent a rather simple spell. Hundreds of ten inch wide and deep holes appeared in the path of the riders. Thick grass hid what he had done, but it seemed the mage on top felt the use of magic and grew more attentive and wary.
Horses screamed as their hooves found the holes, breaking their legs and throwing their riders. The wolf jumped out of the path as it too seemed to realize what Cage had done. Broken horses tumbled down the hill with their riders until they reached the bottom where no man got up from the deadly throw and tumble and only two whinnying horses survived.
The wolf charged and Cage sensed the magic sensation growing as the swift beast charged. A ball of red light appeared as it opened its menacing maw and fired the magic creation right at Cage.
Cage’s grin grew as he raised a hand and sent a wave of magic to knock it aside. It didn’t even seem to work. Cage narrowly leaned back enough to dodge the attack and saw when the ball hit the ground it dissolved matter like the strongest acid he’d ever seen as the grass disappeared in wisps of angry smoke. The Familiar continued its charge and had a smug look like it knew it was going to win as it made another red ball. Cage struck just as the ball formed as it had the last time. He made the ground erupt like a landmine directly beneath the Familiar. Dirt, grass and rocks flew into the air and the wolf lost control of the magic and slammed into the ground painfully. Cage used magic a different way and blew the wind to control the corrosive magic of the Familiar and returned it. The ball splashed on the wolf, making it yelp as its own spell ate through its chest.
The mage above saw his Familiar in trouble and pointed his gem imbedded staff at the opponent and Cage looked up to see a green bolt of lightning crackling around the staff.
Cage knew he had to act more quickly before such a deadly spell could be released. Cage yelled as he lifted both hands and constructed a rod that plunged deep in the ground a second before the mage released the spell. Instead of hitting Cage, it diverted right to the lightning rod he made and sent the energy into the ground. When the electricity died and the mage above stared at how his spell failed, Cage lifted the rod, altered its shape into a javelin, sent it more mana to make it harder and charged it with speed and a grape sized red tip. He gave everything he had left to win. Before the other mage could react, Cage fired the javelin with all he could give the weapon. He figured the mage would be more protected so he gave everything within to cut through the protective barrier.
The javelin fired so fast it couldn’t be seen by the naked eye, but Cage could feel what happened next. The explosive tip ruptured the barrier on contact, allowing just enough fluctuation in the shield for the spear to pierce and slide through the chest of the man. The mage looked down at a gaping hole and immense pain in his chest and went to try to heal, but his focus left him unable and the magic wouldn’t come. He fell off his horse dead and with his death the wolf’s yelps ended.
Cage dropped to his knees as his vision began going black. He fought with everything to remain conscious. He heard the thunderous sound of horses approaching and then the crunching of grass from feet when they were close. He nearly used all his strength in that last complex and mana consuming spell and it cost him dearly for he couldn’t fight.
Several hands grabbed him and he couldn’t stay awake as he slumped.

The next thing he felt about five minutes later is the familiar bounce of running horses and a pounding headache. One of the riders said “The chief is waking.”
The horses slowed and Cage slipped down to crumple in exhaustion. Most of the sky was gripped in darkness, telling that the remaining light will only last for a few more minutes. The hunters got down and hurried to his side. Zanza spoke worriedly. “Chief, we know you hate riding horses, but we must flee and you cannot run fast enough. We must get far away.”
He shook his head to clear it. “Water.” Someone put a water skin in his hand and he drank to quench his dry throat. He returned it and had help standing back up. “Fine, there are always exceptions. I’ll ride, but someone else must drive.”
“Of course. Chief, you will ride with me.” One of the male warriors said. They all mounted and rode hard for as long as the light lasted. When it failed they trotted south, putting as much distance between themselves and the Laqura army as possible. The horses they rode were built for speed and endurance, but the enemy bread warhorses mainly for power and carrying heavy loads. Night made traveling much more dangerous, but they had little choice since they just kicked the hornet’s nest and gave them a middle finger.
Either put as much distance as possible between or risk capture or death.
An hour after recovering, when they walked the horses in the darkness, Cage asked “Tell me, how did each of your tasks go?”
The man riding with him said “The arrow you gave me shot at my target. The next moment I saw the arrow simply break as it hit a magic wall. It didn’t do any good, Chief.”
The woman beside him said “Mine did work, but it slowed down and imbedded itself in his armor. It didn’t kill unfortunately.”
The man to the other side said “The one I used, with the red light, hit the man and destroyed everything around for several feet. It knocked several men down, but the one I aimed at didn’t get back up. Without checking up close I cannot say he is dead. It was very effective though.”
Zanza slowed her horse and urged it closer. “Mine killed my prey. Chief, your magic made it odd. It slowed and when it got close it disappeared in the ground before spearing him through the ass and out the throat.”
“That is good news, Zanza. I can now make our people weapons if they catch up.” Cage said as his tiredness and hunger made him lean on the hunter, who didn’t mind since they still lived.
The rider who kept the chief from falling said “We found our horses not far away. It is good we train them so well or we might not have gotten away. Chief, I’m wondering what you did back there. Will you tell us?”
“Certainly.” He leaned back and shook his foggy head. “I think what happened is someone might have spotted us or maybe which direction our arrows came from. Either that or the mage cast a spell to locate us. I’ve done something similar with Meeka when she lost her money… That is a more likely reason now that I think about it. I couldn’t tell what, but he dropped something. They might have taken an arrow and spelled it to lead them to the owner… well when they got to the hill we vacated, and the mage pointed his staff, I knew I needed to stop them. I’m glad you listened and ran for the horses.”
“If you were any other Utala we would have fought together. As chief, any order you give us regarding safety or protection will always be carried out.” Zanza informed. “We listen to our chief above our priestess only when it concerns lives. To be chief is to lead our people to survive. To be priestess is to guide our people. To be elder is to advise. That is how the Utala have lived so long. Now what did you do with that magic-man and the evil hound? It confused us. We waited so that when it was over we could get you and leave. We never leave a Utala behind unless it was a stupid male like the one our sister Meeka did in.”
“The Familiar was a big problem and it nearly got me. For some reason I couldn’t deflect its first attack. I then changed tactics and got the upper hand.
“The mage was more of a problem and it nearly cost me my life. If I were just a second slower I would have died. It was a great first magic fight.” Cage grinned though no one could see it in the night. “When I saw him about to use a spell to create lightning I knew he could guide it somewhat. Have you ever seen a tall tree struck by lightning?”
“We all have.” Zanza said. “That is why our village sits so far from the tree grove and lake. Our ancestors learned tall things get struck and made our home where it still stands.”
“That is why I made a magical lightning rod with the property to attract all lightning and send it harmlessly into the ground. I then picked it up with magic and changed shape. I figured the mage had something to do with blocking arrows on the men, but I didn’t know which arrow worked earlier so I added just about all of the spells I used earlier, except the one I made for you Zanza, since it was more complex. I fired it and broke the barrier he protected himself with. I could tell it was stronger than what the others had so I dumped everything into that last attack. The combination of spells worked and killed him and his Familiar.”
“Rest now, Chieftain. We will wake you if a problem arises.”





Chapter 17

By evening of the next day Cage and the warriors arrived. None were more happy to see them than their loved ones. Cage got off the horse and found himself embraced by Meeka and Brooke together. Elder Shania came forward to break the reunion before anything else got in the way. “Chief, what news do you bring? For you to ride a horse and to push them so hard must be dire indeed.”
Cage looked over to see the four horses quivering from such a difficult run. Two were even bleeding from the nose. He felt no better as his backside hurt and his muscles ached. Even Zanza and the ones who followed were overly exhausted. He looked to the four and said “All of you, go get something to eat and rest. I’ll take care of the rest. You can explain all you witnessed once you recover.” They nodded and moved off into the village. He then looked down at the two beautiful women at his side and smiled “It is good to see you again.”
Meeka pulled on his arm and said “Tell us after you sit and eat yourself.”
Brooke too helped him to their tent.
He and much of the tribe sat down. He first drank five filled cups, after cleaning them. He then tore into the plate laid out for him and ate ravenously since he forced the hunters back home, breaking only once to water the horses and relieve themselves. As he ate he saw many litters that a horse will drag and much of the village packed. No teepees were broke down, but it seemed the village appeared somewhat ready. Between bites he looked to everyone and asked “What have I missed since we left?”
Meeka explained “After the last Olon recovered, he left us to warn others. Also two neighboring tribes came to warn us if we had not heard of the invasion. They tell us they are packing and heading for Castle Emroc to help bolster forces to push the enemy out of the plains. Another herald also visited us saying King Skylar welcomes any tribes people who are willing and able to help.”
“Any conclusions reached?” He asked after swallowing a mouthful.
“No.” Brooke stated. “As chief, it is your decision where to lead your people. But we did as you said and made ideas that our people are comfortable and uncomfortable with. Before we do that though we need you to tell us what you saw.” He nodded and took another drink to clear the passageways.
“We first came upon smoke yesterday and snuck up to find the village north of here towards the end of an attack. Those who resisted too much were killed. The rest were chained together and sent back to the main camp. Most likely they’ll be sent off into slavery up north. None were given an option. Either you were killed or chained, that is all you get. The elders weren’t spared at all and the kids were grouped easily. The warriors with me can attest that if I had not ordered them to stop they would have died. We didn’t leave without shooting at them though. The story about arrows being ineffective were true, but I used magic myself to test out the defenses and learned ways to use arrows and get past their defenses.”
“Then we have a weapon to fight back with.” Someone said in the crowd.
“No, even if I imbued every arrow the Utala possesses we will still be overrun. Brothers, you will do backbreaking labor when captured. Women and teenage girls will be raped repeatedly and you won’t be able to stop them. Children will be slaves also and with they grow up to likely become workers or sold to a brothel. I can tell you right now, each woman is beautiful and will be used and abused if you are captured. And men, you might be strong, but if these slavers are anything like those from my world’s past you might even have your testicles cut off if you are captured and do not bow to them.” The story scared and angered the Utala.
“What’s more, I’ve come to understand when I apply spells to objects they slowly lose their potency. If I spent all day for the next few adding spells to arrows, the first batch won’t have the strength I first applied. I learned this after Meeka and I fought the wyrms. I spelled sticks to break and warn us if it sensed magic or if weight applied itself on the twigs. By morning maybe half retained enough magic to break when I used a simple spell. I don’t know why this is, but it is a fact. Our only option to live more than the next three or so days is to escape. I will not see any of you taken or killed because I found a weakness in their armor. Just because I barely cut them doesn’t make their sword less effective. Do you believe me?”
Brooke laid a hand on his thigh. “Yes, Cage Love, we hear the truth in your words. I too will not allow my people to sit here and be captured and killed. The only way our people can survive is to flee.” She looked to the others who nodded no matter how much it pained them to leave their home.
“Tell me, what are these ideas you came up with?” He leaned back and began to cool off.
Brooke said “First is we accept King Skylar’s offer for acceptance and fight back later. It might take months and years to return here and not all of us will survive the battles. Next we make a new home somewhere else. Our people will adapt and change, it is the only way we’ve survived. We may find a home somewhere in Emroc and start our lives anew. It won’t be easy leaving our home here, after it has been so kind and prosperous for so many generations. We will leave, the only question is where to? Then Meeka brought an idea to me, but I’ve not told our people because unless you tell us, we cannot impede or hope for a topic to like or dislike since it belongs to you.”
Cage looked at Meeka and she answered the unspoken question. “It was just an idea though… but…”
“Spit it out.” Cage calmly prodded.
“Well…” She hesitated, gauging his reactions. “My idea was Cage Island, your island. After we complete our task, we can all live together on the island…”
Cage laughed and slapped his leg. “Those are my girls. I didn’t even think of that. I was too busy working on spells to help the warriors bypass their magic. I’m glad you thought of it. The island is plenty large enough to hold everyone. I’ll have to limit hunting since it is a small ecosystem. Fish though are abundant with all the reefs… Hmm it would really keep us together and out of danger…” He looked up into her blue, hopeful eyes. “Meeka, you are a genius! We won’t need to make a new home because we’ll just use mine.” He looked around. “What do you all think? Do you want to stay and be plains people or an island people? I won’t make a decision that you do not want to take.”
Elder Shania stated “We will follow you, but I for one wouldn’t mind seeing the ocean again. Many of the Utala have never seen the ocean before. My personal preference would be to go to this island of yours. Besides, it is very rare we get to eat fish because our lake isn’t large enough to eat fish all the time. What say you, Sisters and Metak Love?” Every elder smiled. “Seems my lovers are in full agreement.”
Several others voiced they liked the idea. Cage then said “If you do not want to live on my island, raise your hand.” None raised so much as an eyebrow. “That settles it, first thing in the morning we move on. Since it will be slow going and impossible to sail across with everyone we will have to walk the whole way. It will mean we have a good two to three months of traveling ahead. While you get started I’ll finish my business and meet up with everyone as soon as possible. It will be faster if I did it alone while you follow Meeka and Brooke to Kote. From there we’ll head to your new home. Don’t worry, I won’t leave until everyone reaches safety.”
“Forget that.” Meeka said. “We started this journey together and we’ll see it through… It was hard enough for us, seeing you leave and be gone for four days.”
“We can hammer out details later. Right now we need to tear down the village and get it ready for first light.”
She huffed as Brooke intervened. “Cage, you go rest too. Meeka and I will help our people.” She stood and said to everyone else. “Pick the last of the medicinal herbs and vegetables. Unload our food storage and separate it among everyone’s belongings. Children, help in any way you can. We will need wood so I’m ordering enough limbs cut that will not slow us down much till we leave the plains and enter the safety of the woods, three days journey from here. Let us not be here when the enemy arrives. Rest if you must, but we work through the night.” She finished speaking and followed Cage and Meeka in their tent.
He laid down and rested his heavy eyes as Brooke and Meeka finished packing their meager belongings and left to help others while a group of older children left to cut wood for when they need it. The whole village worked as a cohesive unit to take what they could and burn what couldn’t. They wouldn’t leave anything that could be salvaged or reused. Every last scrap of metal was packed since there wasn’t a large abundance to leave.
Many grumbled about not wanting to go. They also didn’t want to die or be enslaved. There wasn’t any choice that would be considered perfect.

Cage slept through the night. One of the warriors that traveled with him retold all that happened and the anger he felt towards these men coming. Several hunters were sent north to keep watch for any scouts or forward detachments. Cage got up an hour before dawn, feeling much better than earlier though his backside still throbbed dully. He stepped out and found Brooke and Meeka helping others take off the animal hide wall of a nearby teepee with several others. He moved over and kissed each woman on the cheek before helping. Both smiled adoringly. It took only a few minutes to break it down and pull the angled braces from the ground. They laid the hide down and the seven long poles on an edge and rolled it up to make it easier to bring.
They did this to the few remaining tents and the one that belonged to him and his women went down last. Many of the children were too tired and got a few hours rest and got up as morning arrived. The last thing to go was the trees. Nothing would be left as they were set ablaze.
Cage gathered his people together after every horse was loaded and ready. He watched as their sorrowful eyes scanned the barren ground where they called home or to the tower of smoke. “My friends, I know you never wanted to see a day like this where you are forced to leave your home. I know what it is like all too well. I will make you a promise though. If this war ends and you do not like living on my island I will be happy to allow any who wish to return here when it is safe. Until that time, remember that the most important thing in life isn’t the ground where I’m standing or where your ancestors lived, but those next to you. Life is meaningless without others to share it with. Brooke and Meeka made me remember that fact. I don’t care where we are so long as it is together.” The two beautiful women smiled. “Do not be sad for this place for it will be here long after we are all dead. Be sad for those we will lose if we stayed. Keep that in your mind. What means more, the people at your side or land? If you want land you can stay here. But if you do we’ll never speak or remember you from this point on.
“The last thing I must say is that this journey will be long. Because of this I must urge everyone to put on clothes and wear shoes, especially when we reach the woods. If it gets too hot you can remove the clothes, but shoes are a priority because we’ll move faster. We leave in five minutes.”
He turned around and went to his pack and pulled out a pair of rolled pants and a shirt. He put them on and looked around to see people rummaging in their supplies, looking for leather moccasins he had seen some put away earlier.
Meeka and Brooke also moved to him as their packs also sat with his. Meeka put on clothes, put her leather thigh strap away, slid on her boots and slid the knife in its proper place.
Meeka and Cage turned to watch Brooke pull out four pieces of leather. Brooke slid on her moccasins, took off a tomahawk sheathe from either thigh and Cage watched as she slid a leg in a piece of leather and pulled it up. It looked like a leather bikini bottom and had colorful tribal designs of reds browns and white. She reattached her weapons before pulling out a five inch wide piece of leather that she skillfully put behind her shoulder blades and centered it with outstretched arms. She then brought it around under her arms, covered her perfect breasts, crossed the straps over her cleavage and tied the ends behind her neck. The strap had the same design as her bikini bottom. She looked stunning and seductive. Brooke liked how her lovers looked upon her and gave them a smile. “In the summer months we usually don’t wear anything. In the spring and fall most of my sisters wear something similar to this. In the winter we wear clothes that cover much of our body. I made these during the long winter we left behind. Do they look appealing?”
Meeka smiled. “If we weren’t leaving I would show you how much I like it.”
“Ditto.” Cage commented.
“It does feel odd wearing clothes again.”
Meeka nodded. “It has only been a few days since I came here, but it is different to wear garments. I never realized how comfortable it is to be naked all the time. I thought I didn’t believe Cage about not caring about clothes, until coming here that is.”
Rena came trotting up on a horse, wearing exactly what her mother did, just much smaller. “Mother, Meeka Mother and Dad, the elders say everyone is ready.”
Brooke tossed her simple leather pack over her shoulder and jumped up behind Rena and kissed the top of her head. “We too are ready, My Daughter.”
Cage picked up his and Meeka’s pack as they moved over for Meeka to check the saddle on her horse and mount up. He then handed her pack up and she secured it. They moved to where everyone gathered. Most of the horses were loaded with supplies and over a hundred people were forced to walk. Only a dozen horses were spared from carrying supplies and they were for warriors to protect the traveling Utala. Even without explicit orders these people knew what and what not to do when traveling in large numbers.
Cage, Rena, Meeka and Brooke moved to the front of the tribe and began moving southeast, towards the Jamma Ocean. Everyone followed and periodically looked back longingly to their home. Cage walked with everyone and not one person spoke till the pillar of smoke disappeared and no one could see their home.
Everyone’s spirits were so low that Cage needed to make the journey more pleasant. He kept thinking and came upon an idea when he stumbled over a hidden rock and saw his beads, especially the red one. He took out his ocarina and began to play a slow and relaxing tune that made all around listen and enjoy the sounds. Children came to walk beside him and listen. Meeka understood he was trying to cheer these people up and began to sing. Her perfect voice melded with his instrument. Smiles began to form and even the horses seemed to like the melody. When the children began to sing along even the adults found themselves beginning to feel less weight upon their hearts.
All day they moved, breaking a few times for the children and to check the horses and supplies. Cage didn’t like the obvious trail they left, but that is what happens when larger groups travel together and drag equipment behind horses.
That night they made camp, dug into the ground to hide the small cooking fires. Rena sat on Cage’s lap as he told children fables from where he came from. Their favorite was the three little pigs and the big bad wolf. He told it several times. Meeka held Brooke’s back to her chest as they watch him tell stories to entertain everyone. Brooke mostly enjoyed how her child had taken so quickly to her love and listened like a true father and daughter ought. She knew Rena is much better having Cage as a father than the one who made her.

Morning of the third day after leaving, two warriors on horseback came charging in yelling “Chief!” Cage ran out to meet them, hearing their urgency. He stood still, making it clear to the riders where he stood. One woman quickly said “We spotted two hundred men on horses to the east. They are likely cutting us off before we reach the woods. We will not be able to reach the ocean with them in our way.”
“Did they see you?” He asked.
“They did, Chief. The thing is they didn’t attack or try to come after us. We moved and they did. It was very strange.”
“They are trying to box us in.” Cage stated. “The Darshay Mountains lay to the south, they are blocking the east and they will catch us in the attempt to head west.” Others began to stand beside them. “It is a simple and effective tactic. We have children and elderly, they do not. It would mean we have to do something.”
“I may have a suggestion.” Elder Metak put forward and all eyes turned on him standing in leather pants with a bow strapped across his thick chest and a knife tied to an arm. “When I was a boy my grandfather used to tell me many stories. When he was chief, the Utala faced a crisis and many fled. He spoke of a cave in the Darshay Mountains where he and many found safety for a time. As it so happens I remember exactly where it is because he showed me when I became chief.”
“If you believe it’ll save our people, Old Timer, you should lead. Our only other option is to fight those blocking us and if they have a mage with them I might not be as effective this time. We need to reach safety before those men get reinforcements and hunt us down. If our situation degrades any more you must gather all the children and proceed. For right now we need to send hunters in the general direction of this cave and make sure we aren’t running into an ambush.”
“I agree.” The old elder confirmed. His aged brown eyes looked to the south where the mountains were barely visible and pointed. “Six hunters, head straight south and check the trees. It is too far to tell exactly from here. Check the area and have one return while we continue walking.”
Six riders ran south as the tribe began walking again. Cage had three warriors keep an eye on those following to their left, making sure they don’t try anything. He told the three to just watch and not attack unless provoked. One must return if they do attack.
An hour later one hunter returned to say all looked as it should. The only good news today made the rest move faster.

By noon they found their way to the trees. Metak and Cage climbed a tree atop a hill and the elder got an excited look and pointed. “Ah, there is the one. See it looks like a fish head if you cut it off and put it on the ground with the mouth pointed up.” Cage stared and saw the very accurate analogy. There was a landslide long ago and it appeared like an eye and a row of trees looked much like a gill. “The cave is right beneath the eye, hidden by trees.”
Cage used the height to look all over, turned around and paled. “Metak…”
The elder turned and lost much color in his copper skin. “So many…”
“No, this is maybe one of the ten thousand I saw days ago. They are coming after us. I hope this cave of yours is still there. We won’t be able to fight that. They are moving fast too.”
They got down and told everyone the problem. Metak and the elders took the children and young mothers to be ahead while Cage organized the rest. They all pushed hard and moved as fast as possible while Cage and the warriors followed behind, protecting everyone. Before nightfall one of the men spotted a man on horseback, an obvious scout. Cage imbued an arrow with speed and the ability to slip through a barrier, turning it black. He took a bow and fired it, killing the scout who didn’t know the arrow wouldn’t have been stopped.
Nightfall made moving slower, but they knew if they stopped all would be over. Trees thickened the closer they got to the mountains. Cage had to tell everyone to rest for an hour, it was welcomed.

In the morning Cage climbed a tree and quickly looked around. He dropped back and told the gathered “It is good we didn’t stop. They didn’t. Metak says we’ll reach the cave in two hours. We don’t have time to waste. It is about how long we have before they reach us. Hunters and warriors, each give me one arrow. If they reach us before we get to safety you’ll each have just one shot.
Over a hundred of the Utala’s best arrows lay in a row before him. He focused, turning each one black for penetration and adding speed. Tiny black dots swam in his vision upon competition. Meeka thought ahead and gave him some bread and water from her pack. He gladly ate as each archer got a magical arrow. Brooke helped him walk till he could do it on his own. They increased their pace.

Right when they saw the cave came the chilling sound of a blown horn. They turned back to look down an old game trail and found dozens of armored men running up at them with more becoming visible.
Cage yelled “Hunters! Get the children up to the cave and ready your arrows. Warriors! to me and take aim! Meeka go help the children.”
Meeka balked but turned around.
Brooke readied her tomahawks and spun them readily. “And would you have me go to?”
“No, you are ready and able to kill. She still finds it hard. Besides I know you can fight, just like the rest of the warriors.” Cage focused ahead down the hill. “Four archers, take out the lead runners, aim for their necks or armpits. That is where their armor is weakest.” In a second four men running up fell with arrows protruding from their necks by a sure shot archer.
The men behind tripped over the four.
Cage then ordered “We need to find a better position. We’re too exposed.”
The warriors followed their chief up the mountain as fast as their legs can carry them. As they ran they heard a man below yell “They have a mage! Their arrows work! Summon the general!” Cage stopped and looked down in minor trepidation as a fierce, slightly over-muscular man atop a bull came out of the trees and carried a white glowing staff.
“Move! Move! Move!” Cage yelled to the Utala.
The sorcerer below heard the shout and smiled confidently at the fleeing savages and ordered “Allow me to take care of this rubbish. Their petty mage won’t defeat me.”
In a few minutes they caught up to the main group and Cage’s worry for the people he grew to care for had him urging the adults to pick up the kids and run them to the cave two hundred yards away.
He felt the building of magic and looked down to see the bull familiar charging with the rider while the mage created a large ball of white fire.
The grin on Cage’s face grew as he turned fully around and made the ground slip under the bull’s hooves. Behind him he heard his people screaming and running uphill and a dozen twangs from the hunters and warriors all shooting their enchanted weapon. The bull lost its footing for a second and billowed. A white light slammed on the ground, preventing further slippage while the arrows shattered on a barrier stronger than any Cage has faced. He knew the mage coming was much more powerful than the last. Already the large man stopped the land-sliding spell without breaking a sweat.
The bull renewed its charge and those polished horns seemed to glow, wanting to gore whoever stood in its way.
Cage thought fast as the jet of pale fire barreled its way towards them. He took a stance and loosed the magic within, creating a black fire to fight the white. He punched and pumped more magic into his flame. In a second the two blazes met and the villagers looked between the flames and the strange circular mark on their chief’s back growing from two to four links and nearly made six. Cage could feel the two magics warring, but his weren’t half has powerful and started losing ground.
The bull didn’t even think to slow as the sorcerer felt the pathetic excuse for a conjuring weaken.
Losing meant death, something Cage wouldn’t go down till he used everything. He knew this mage would counteract everything he would do because of experience. He needed something non-magical to at least slow him down.
Cage found an abundance of trees and screamed as he sent a wall of magic behind them and knock the enormous trees across the path. A dozen giant pines fell across.
The force required drained Cage of everything as he collapsed.
The black fire from his fist ceased and the tribe looked down at their chief crumpled and unmoving. Brooke rushed to his side and yelled “Help me get him out before…”
A loud snort and billow from the bull gave all the incentive the warriors needed to pick up the unconscious chieftain. A loud bull’s yell made them look back as one of the trees were lifted and thrown by the Familiar. The bull put its horns beneath the tree and with a mighty power, threw them aside. An explosion came next frightening the warriors and sending some off into the safety of the trees. Brooke yelled for them to return, but found her own hearing rang. She looked down and saw Meeka’s blade nearby and picked it up and would scold her later, for losing a weapon has killed many who couldn’t hold on long enough. Only three warriors remained with her and Cage. They looked back to see a gaping hole where the trees were destroyed. They knew when the dust and debris settled they would have to face a powerful mage who defeated their chief.
Brooke and the nearby three picked Cage up and ran as hard as they could up to the cave. They were met with a hundred drawn arrows. They hurried inside. Brooke could tell they were trying to talk, but the ringing in her ears wouldn’t allow her to hear anything else. The tribe saw Cage’s limp form and fear set in.
Brooke knew time was against them as she yelled “Shoot whatever remains of Cage’s arrows in the roof. Everyone move back! Do it!” She couldn’t even hear herself.
She saw worry in all their eyes, but every remaining black arrow aimed to the ceiling of the cave as everyone ran deeper into the darkness. Brooke looked back as the archers fired and saw the arrows cut through the rock. The number was enough to weaken the entrance and collapse over a hundred feet of the mountain in the mouth. Large, heavy boulders dropped down and began blocking off the entrance. In seconds the cave’s vibrations grew as more and more rock filled in every hole. When the vibrations stopped a minute later every inch of the cave entrance sealed completely shut. No light even peeked through. The worst feeling was the dust as it choked everyone.
Someone smart enough already lit torches and brought it over to check their entrance was no longer an escape route.
Several hurried over and began speaking to the priestess as she checked Cage over, finding a little blood from when the trees exploded from shrapnel caused by the other mage. None were life threatening. She was in a same position. She felt a hand and looked into Elder Shania’s eyes. “What?!” she yelled. “I cannot hear you?”
The elder looked to the others “Her hearing will return in a few minutes. Check for injuries. I didn’t see anyone get trapped in the cave-in. See if we are missing anyone.” She then looked back and had Brooke sit down and lean against the wall. “Rest now.”
Brooke looked at what she gripped in her hand and saw the blade. “Elder! I need Meeka, find her!” The priestess’s voice carried and everyone looked around. The faces told her all she didn’t want to accept. “What?! Where is my woman?!” Rena came running and cried as she embraced her mother. Brooke dug in her ears and slowly began to hear. “Rena, where is your other mother?”
The little girl looked up. “She was worried about you and Dad. She went to help, but didn’t return with you.”
Brooke put her head against the rock as tears formed and dropped down her cheeks. She knew they were separated, but had no choice. “May the spirits protect her.” She cried while holding her daughter. The tribe stopped when they saw their priestess in tears and were also sad. Brooke still had a duty and said “The mage is still out there. We must help our chief and get away.”
Many went to help and continue fleeing while there is still a chance.





Epilogue

Meeka dove into the trees as she tried running to help pick Cage up when there came an explosion. She tripped, rolled into the trees and blacked out as her head slammed against a rock.
The first class sorcerer General Adair and his Familiar Colm continued at a slower pace, waiting for another foolish attempt when he saw tons and tons of rocks slide down. He thought his explosion caused a landslide and moved up to where the cave once was and smiled as he saw blood on the rocks. He sent a spell, seeking the mage he felt the magic from earlier and couldn’t find a trace. He knew he killed the man who got in the way. He saw a small group enter a cave, but if he couldn’t sense the mage he knew others wouldn’t have survived the cave-in.
“General!” Someone yelled and the mage turned around to find a group of soldiers huddled around a section of the devastation he caused in destroying his prey. His Familiar brought him closer to see what they were looking at.
“Good work, men. She will fetch a great rate. Lock her up with the better stock. We don’t want her harmed before she puts coin in our pockets. Make sure she isn’t passed around among the men unless the brothels allow it.” He waived his staff over her. “There, if anyone tries to force themselves on the whore I’ll know and kill them. A beauty like her was worth following these savages.”
“We couldn’t agree more, Sir.” A man said and they grabbed Meeka, clasped shackles on her and brought her into camp and chained her to the other two women they caught.

“Their now sister, wake up.” Meeka heard and sat up suddenly.
Meeka looked around as darkness fell. She felt her heavy arms and found them bound in irons. She looked around and said “What?”
“Quiet over there!” A man in armor commanded and took off his whip and snapped it right beside Meeka. She cowered back.
She shook slightly, quickly realizing she had been captured. In a low voice she asked “Are there any others?”
“I know of only the three of us, Sister Meeka. They caught us after we tried getting away from the blast. They used a net on us. We couldn’t kill any… Can you tell us anything? Is the chief and priestess alive. For it to only be us three they must have done something to get away.”
“I don’t know. I hit my head right after the explosion and woke up here.”
The three went quiet after that, reflecting on what awaited them.
“Is there any hope?” The younger warrior asked.
“If Cage and Brooke still live, which I feel in my heart they are, then I know they will do whatever it takes to save us. To do that we need to be alive. And as Brooke told me, in absence of a chief, priestess or elder, the mate of the chief is allowed to give orders. Listen to me, Sisters. We need to be alive for them to save us. With a mage and all these soldiers around we will regret any resistance. Will you follow me and stay alive so our loved ones can save us?”
“We will. I can endure whatever these dishonorable and stupid men have in mind for us. If hope means waiting I’ll do whatever is necessary.”
“I’m with you too, Sister.” The other warrior whispered.
Good. Meeka thought as she met the eyes of soldiers and didn’t have any choice except to ignore their leers and rude comments.
Brooke, Cage, come save me. I’ll stay alive for as long as I can until I can see your two smiling faces and be in each of your arms again. I love you both so hurry.





The Death Incarnate Saga continues in book two:
Familiar’s Ancient Throne





Be sure to read other books by this author:

Balancer’s Cycle
Balancer’s Soul
Changer’s Blood
Keeper’s Knowledge
Harmonizer’s Evolution

The Item Trilogy
Untamed Gift
Furion’s Trials
Ra’van

Death Incarnate Saga
The Grin of Prophecy
Familiar’s Ancient Throne
Laugh of Destruction
Ascension of the Warlock
Empress’s Endgame

Spirit Guide Saga (Coming Fall of 2014)
Forgemaster
Wrath of Flames
Atavism of the Ifrit

Star Pirate Legends (Coming Fall of 2015)

The Fey Files (Coming Fall of 2016)

Harsh Realms (Coming Fall on 2017)





Contact me:
http://facebook.com/h.leemorgan

