THE HUNT FOR ROSE
A NOVEL BY
BRIAN CAIN
THE HUNT FOR ROSE
Copyright 2014 Brian Cain
Smashwords Edition
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.
The information, views, opinions and visuals expressed in this publication are solely those of the author and do not reflect those of the publisher. The publisher disclaims any liabilities or responsibilities whatsoever for any damages, libel or liabilities arising directly or indirectly from the contents of the publication.
Previous novels by Brian Cain
Circles of Fear
The Sword And The Dagger
Previous novels in this series
Vigilante
Flaxmead
Once Upon A Time In Australia
In The Name Of The Mother
Jodi Ann
Bella Elizabeth
For Horses
PREFACE 
The thundering equine 'Flaxmead' heads overseas and in an attempt to bring long lost daughter of Flaxmead's creator, Rose Blake, out of the woodwork. John Stanton wonders why the hunt for Rose is taking so long and unleashes the talent of Bella Elizabeth Fonteyn to speed things up eager to encourage Stanton's attention she responds. Jodi Stanton has a late life crisis unsure of whom she is ruffling a few feathers. Roses father Winston Blake snatches his only child from absolute power in a foreign land. Someone has crossed the line and another woman from Stanton's past enters the fray.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
PREFACE
CHAPTER ONE
CHAPTER TWO
CHAPTER THREE
CHAPTER FOUR
CHAPTER FIVE
CHAPTER SIX
CHAPTER SEVEN
CHAPTER EIGHT
CHAPTER NINE
CHAPTER TEN
CHAPTER ELEVEN
CHAPTER TWELVE
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
CHAPTER SIXTEEN

CHAPTER ONE
Jodi stepped to one side with a jump, she blinked as she tossed her hair to one side turning, stepping back, it was an elderly man whom had tapped her on the shoulder. She squinted thinking deeply, he was unfamiliar. Looking for clues to the disappearance of Rose Blake after Flaxmead's commanding win at the Melbourne Cup had brought all kinds of information to bear, mostly emails leading nowhere and consuming time. Steeping from her office for lunch with her husband before he set of for Ascot in England with Flaxmead she tired of the dead ends and fairy tales. The media blitz had brought a lot of work, wasted time and frustration. She shook her head. "Do I know you?" she asked the wrinkle face well dressed stranger. 
He looked down shuffling the toe of his shoe on the pavement then looked back up. "No, please forgive me for my interruption but I must speak with you."
"About What?"
"Rose Blake."
"You know her?"
"I know of her."
Jodi hesitated with a stern look. "You are?"
"Bradley Faversham, from Bowral."
Jodi remained stern; she was becoming short with dead ends and fame seekers. "I'm in a hurry mister Faversham, what did you want."
"I was there, the night Rose disappeared, I know who she left with."
Jodi looked wide eyed. "Why now, you've had years."
"For a very good reason, they left with my daughter as well."
"Go on."
Faversham looked around nervously. "Can we go somewhere, I'm probably under surveillance."
Jodi's face filled with anger. "By whom?"
"Please if we could."
Jodi hesitated looking around, she noticed her husband further down the sidewalk looking more than interested. "Follow me." She walked slowly passed her husband occasionally looking round to see if Faversham could keep up. She directed him into a coffee shop two hundred meters from where they met and sat down at a table in a corner at the rear of the establishment. 
Faversham stuttered. "I I I would rather sit outside."
"My husband would be furious if I did that, in this corner we have our back to the wall and can see all that goes on, no one can get behind us."
Faversham smiled, nodded and sat down. "Of course, I would not have thought of that, your husband is meeting you?"
"Yes I am." Faversham looked up with a start. "Good lord, John Stanton, thank god."
Stanton pulled a chair out for Jodi pushing it gently beneath her as she sat down with her back to the crowd; he then sat with his back to the wall then beckoned Faversham to sit beside him, Faversham shuffled awkwardly into the chair suddenly coughing violently to one side. "Excuse me I am unwell."
Stanton had no idea who Faversham was and beckoned with his head with a slight nod toward Faversham whilst looking at Jodi. Judies eyes darted around; she threw her hair back behind her shoulders then settled on Faversham's gaze. "You saw Rose Blake leave the hotel in Bowral."
Stanton's face lit up and he fixed one ear on Faversham. "Yes."
"Why so many years, this has been in the media many times?"
Faversham looked blankly at his hands; he fiddled nervously with his fingers before looking up. "Two weeks ago my doctor gave me six months to live at the most, I have lung cancer," she shook his head "I have wasted my life hiding."
Jodi and Stanton looked puzzled at each other then at Faversham. A waiter interrupted. "Would you like to order?"
"Three cappuccinos snapped Stanton".
"Anything else?"
"Not at the moment."
"We are busy, ten minute wait".
"Fine," the waiter left with a smile.
"Hiding from whom?" asked Stanton.
"The people whom have Rose and Rhiannon."
"Rhiannon?"
"My daughter."
"Who are you."
"Bradley Faversham, Rose and Rhiannon worked in the same government department in Canberra as I."
"Rose Blake worked in a government department."
Faversham looked puzzled and stared blankly at Stanton. "Yes did you not know that?"
Stanton grabbed his phone and rang Winston Blake, he answered the phone promptly. "John."
"Quick question Winston, where did Rose work in Australia."
"She worked for a real estate agent in Canberra."
"Thanks Winston."
"Anything wrong?"
"No, just having coffee with Jodi. Call you later." He hung up and pulled a cumbersome phone from the deep pocket of his full length leather great coat and punched a key. A ring tone responded. "Where do you live in Bowral?"
"21 Wicket Street."
"Been there long?"
"Forty years."
A voice answered the satellite phone and Stanton wasted no time. "Cadiche, Bradley Faversham, yes write it down, 21 Wicket Street Bowral, want to know all about him, you have two minutes."
"Jesus Stanton get real." Stanton hung up on Cadiche. 
"If your bullshitting to me Ill kick your arse across the other side of the street."
"Please Mr Stanton, I wish to unload a weight from my shoulders so harsh to bear no suffering you could imagine would make things worse."
"Go on."
"Rose and Rhiannon were taken by the American Secret Service, at least that's what I called them. I have lived under a veil of threats to kill me and my daughter should I ever tell anyone what I know."
Stanton lent back on his chair resting his head on the wall. "Why would the American Secret Service want Rose Blake and your daughter?"
"I have no idea; I'm terrified and have been since they disappeared. I just did my job and became a hermit."
"Bullshit, you'd do anything to find your daughter, just like Blake, makes no sense."
"I'm hardly as lucrative, wealthy and flamboyant as Blake, I'm a coward. Keeping quiet as instructed was the only thing I was brave enough to do."
Stanton's satellite phone rang, Stanton answered and Cadiche spoke. "Very interesting, Bradley Faversham, one stage attaché to the American Embassy in Canberra, transferred to a desk job in Bowral with department of statistics. The date rang a bell, around the same time Rose Blake disappeared."
"Short bloke, pale skin, round face, glasses, overweight."
"No, six foot, dark skin, long face, wide jaw, skinny as a rake."
"Yeah that's him. Get a warrant and tear his house to bits I want to know anything suspicious you find."
Faversham reacted. "No, please."
"Do it quick as you can, arrange a stakeout at his house, I want to know who goes near the place and what they had for breakfast. Mr Faversham just become a star witness in the Rose Blake case. Search the government employee files of the attaché to the American Embassy and the department of statistics, if you find Rose Blake's name or Faversham's daughter Rhiannon get back to me immediately. Faversham is at the coffee shop just down from Jodi's office, arrest him and lock him away where no one can get to him."
"What's he done exactly, I have to fill in paperwork."
"Use your imagination; try suspicion of murder in the Blake case."
Faversham became agitated. "Please I hoped you'd find my daughter so I could see her before I die."
"Me too, those two men at the table outside in sight, seen them before."
Faversham turned and squinted into the light of the sidewalk tables. "Good lord, yes, I've seen them in Bowral quite allot, I think they live there."
"Bullshit, excuse me." Stanton stood and walked toward the two men seated outside catching them by surprise as the waiter delivered coffee to Jodi and Faversham. He stood over the two neatly attired middle aged men in suits. "Got some ID."
"What." was the answers in a broad American accent.
"Show me some ID or Ill have so many people up your arse you'll need surgery just to walk straight."
"We are American government employees and have diplomatic immunity." One thrust an ID wallet into Stanton's face, Stanton took it and dropped it in the mans coffee. "Who the hell do you thing you are."
"I don't think I'm John Stanton I know I am, you think you can do whatever you please, you're wrong."
A police car screeched to a halt adjacent to the coffee shop, Stanton moved to the kerbside cutting the officers off, he spoke with them for a few seconds. One headed towards the Americans at the outside table, the other inside to Faversham. Stanton returned to the table insides, the officer stood against the wall watching the crowd. A second police car arrived and the Americans were man handled inside, the car left in a hurry. Stanton sat back down, he looked at Faversham and spoke as if nothing had happened. "Continue." 
Faversham was more at ease. "They won't be watching my house when the police arrive?"
"No."
"What will happen to them?"
"Continue we don't have much time."
"Rose Rhiannon and I found something irregular whilst handling documents while I was the American attaché. I reported the find to my superiors, we were immediately posted to statistics in Bowral, Rose and Rhiannon left the hotel that very night with a young American that managed a band the girls wanted to see that just happened to be passing through. The next day I learned he had nothing to do with the band and my life was threatened."
"Name of the person whom threatened you?"
"Ben Porter the.."
"Minister for Defence, committed suicide few years back."
Faversham hesitated. "His family swear he was murdered by a British agent."
Stanton sighed. "I know the story, point is he's dead and dead men tell no lies no matter how they meet their end. Did Porter say anything I can use when he spoke to you?"
"Only that the matter was out of his hands and my daughter would die if I went near anyone. The matter was of utmost importance, important enough to have me watched. He knew I had the documents hidden that could surface if I was harmed."
"Those documents without a doubt saved your life, where are they?"
"In a Swedish bank vault with my life savings."
"We'll hold you in custody until I check a few things, bad timing, out of the country tomorrow." Stanton looked at the officer. "Deliver him to Cadiche."
"Sir." The officer took Faversham's arm, he resisted taking Stanton's hand across the table.
"You'll get them."
Stanton half smiled and clasped Faversham's hand. "I always believed Rose Blake was alive, now I'm sure. If you are she is and their must be a good reason for it. You may not be the only one with valuable information."
"Rose and Rhiannon have a lap top computer belonging to the defence department. They stole it believing they could prove unfair dismissal if they lost their jobs."
"If only it was that easy. Who's computer?"
"Porters, I think he knew they had it, that's why he came to see me, perhaps he thought they gave it to me."
"Did they?"
"No, I have no idea where it is?"
"If things check out you'll find yourself in Sweden shortly, Id like those documents."
Faversham nodded, he left with the police officer in silence. "John I can read you like a book, you killed Porter didn't you?"
He ignored Jodie's question and rang Cadiche on his satellite phone. "Do you remember a lap top computer being found during the search for bodies in the Milat in the Belanglo forest near Bowral?"
"Well hello would have been nice, yes, belonged to the government, stolen property, was returned."
"Thought I remembered, thanks, Faversham's coming your way hold on to him, don't let anyone you don't know near him, talk to you soon." He hung up. "Rose must have dumped the computer, it was found and returned, Faversham gets a visit from Porter, makes sense."
"You killed him didn't you?"
"Jodi you don't need to know, he committed suicide."
Jodi looked at her husband with a scowl, and then settled. "Do you think the girls copied the contents of the lap top and hid the copies?"
"What would you do?"
"Just that."
"The information may be useless now but Faversham is being watched again, they must be alive."
"The media attention from Flaxmead."
Stanton nodded. "We have a chance now, we have a chance. Get onto Billet, ask for every scrap of information he can find, increased email traffic between department employees, overheard in the canteen, anything that mentions Flaxmead or Bowral."
"You've turned Billet into a nervous wreck, he's having trouble functioning. I spoke with him last week about Lovington, he's burnt out."
Staunton thought for a few seconds looking at the wall, and then turned to Jodi with a smile. "I appreciate the fact Billet operates under difficult circumstances, but Billet wants to play lumberjacks and must handle his end of the log. Contact him direct and make sure he understands what we are looking for."
"You're willing to gamble Billets position over this, the push for Cadiche as next police commissioner is being linked to Billet, and the opposition are gaining ground regarding the issue."
"By this time tomorrow the opposition will wonder what happened to any once of credibility they had."
"I wish you'd tell me what's going on sometimes John."
Stanton stood, lifted his wife up gently by the shoulders and pulled her close with his arms around her looking deep into her face. "Jodi, love, you know information is on a need to know basis and you don't need to know. The same reason you hold information from me, such as Elderslie being your father's chauffer before he passed him on to Bartholomew and Wilson." 
Jodi looked around then back at her husband with a blank look; she pushed him away and nervously arranged her hair. "John we're drawing an audience." 
Stanton looked around at the blank faces staring at them. "Bring me chocolate if you want to live." he grunted out loud in a Scandinavian accent. The dinners laughed out loud as Stanton ushered his wife away from interested eyes and earshot not far from her office. "I don't know if you're running things or I am, I don't really care, without you I would fade to nothing."
Jodi blushed looking rather forlorn. "John please be careful, we are about to part for a while and it's always difficult to cope."
"We have too much to work on to worry about petty differences and concerns, it's only a couple of weeks and we'll spend time together when I return. We are taking Flaxmead to the airport tonight and flying out under cover of darkness, Blake and I are about to inform the crew and be gone. I'm leaving nothing to chance."
"But I arranged for a massive media contingent in tomorrow afternoon."
"Yes, no one will have a clue so they can't worry us."
"What about Heathrow."
"Keep pushing it, at least I can rely on knowing where the media will be. There will be a horse and strapper loaded on the plane tomorrow afternoon and at Heathrow but it won't be Flaxmead or Jessica Flametower. First anyone gets a look at Flaxmead will be his arrival at Ascot."
"Thank god for that." Jodi embarrassed her husband, drew away and looked him in the face with a smile, they understood each other perfectly. She drew her hands from his and walked to her office. Stanton vanished. 
 
CHAPTER TWO
Stanton's wrist watch alarm had alerted him several times to pressing information coming in via satellite, as soon as he got to his car he opened the computer dropping it from the roof cavity in the centre of the roof trim hard against the windscreen. He had fitted a new computer recently with a swivel joint on the retaining bracket that could be turned toward the driver or passenger, a logistic improvement compared to the previous fixed bracket. As he read the list of incoming alerts his satellite phone rang, he answered it immediately fumbling the cumbersome hand piece in the confines of his car. "John its Bruce."
"This better be good every time you call we compromise stealth."
"Elderslie dropped Hans Reichmann off to me minutes ago."
"Elderslie." Stanton hesitated. "Explain."
"He was at Heathrow airport processing paperwork for Wilson and Bartholomew's horses and recognised Reichmann from dealings at Flemington. He knew we were interested in Reichmann's movements and thought it odd he should be entering the UK just before Flaxmead, no one has seen him there for two years."
"Brilliant, we can't let that man loose under the circumstances, if anyone has the contacts to noble Flaxmead it would be Reichmann. You have him."
"Yes, Elderslie convinced Reichmann he had been sent to pick him up and take him to a hotel, on the way he contacted Vauxhall Cross and luckily the switchboard patched it through to me when he mentioned my name."
"Bullshit, he doesn't know of you, never has."
"He rang Cadiche first, Cadiche thought it important enough to give him my middle name, I'm the only one in the building with such a middle name, the switch operator thought it was odd and patched me in. One problem the call was monitored."
Stanton hesitated in thought. "Get what you can out of Reichmann, isolate him, where no one even the elite can find him."
"I thought the same thing, already done."
"A big break but sounds just too convenient could be a set up."
"Mmmm, or incredible luck."
"Reichmann has a tattoo on his upper left arm, the eagle crest of the Third Reich."
Stanton could hear a scuffle in the background, shouting, more than two voices. "Hang on John I and Bella are checking."
"Bella, she's with you."
Stanton could hear a further ruckus, then silence. "This man has no tattoo on his upper arm, either of them."
"Reichmann is loose in the UK, find him, put Bella on."
"John."
"This will be hard Bell, I will be in the UK tomorrow." Stanton coughed. "We should avoid each other."
"No chance, I want you."
"Find Reichmann and sanction him."
"John, he's a civilian."
"Wrong."
Bella squinted with a frown. "What's the connection?"
"You don't need to know princess, you have about twenty hours before Flaxmead arrives in the UK."
"You have a lead for me to start."
"No, get yourself into the Ascot members club and find one."
"Too much risk, someone may recognise me, I'll use Rose."
"Okay, let's not loose focus here, we are looking for Rose Blake, using Rose Fleming may bring some unexpected advantages, two Roses may confuse. Pick on the wrong one and they play into our hands. Find Reichmann petal, anything happens to Flaxmead I would never forgive myself. Remember two children own that horse."
"John.......when are you coming home."
"I'm already home petal, love you." 
"John, don't hang up, if I have Reichmann will you see me?"
"No need to blackmail me Bell, if you have Reichmann I need to know exactly why he is in the UK and what plans he has that will affect Flaxmead, simple as that."
Bella's face lit up with a warm smile and her voice echoed resolve. "Ill have Reichmann."
"Bell, leak the capture of Reichmann to the media, trump up some kind of charge, Interpol are after him and his brother over shady money deals implicating the IMF. If Reichmann believes you have fallen for the decoy he'll move around with far more confidence, probably right where you plan to start looking, he has many friends there."
"I'm way ahead of you."
"I have to go princess, take care." Stanton hung up. He rang Jodi on his mobile. 
"John, I just got to the office."
"Whistler that sports journo, is he still around."
"Yes, he's in London covering the Flaxmead story."
"What hotel is he staying in?"
"I'm not sure why."
"I want to talk to him."
"You have reservations about Whistlers ability."
"Yeah, his ability to fabricate stories, he just writes what he finds, that's a plus. He may be of assistance; I just have a couple of questions."
"I'll text his mobile number to you."
"Great, Ill wait on it you little cherub."
There was warmth in Stanton's voice and Jodi hesitated with a stern look. "You've spoken to Bella."
"I spoke to Bruce, she was there."
"Why?"
"That would be a need to know on a mobile poppet."
Jodi drew a big breath and exhaled. "Mmm, I talk to you soon." She hung up. 
Stanton pushed the computer back up into its roof cavity, he caught a glimpse of his head in the rear vision mirror, he had just had his standard flat cropped haircut and tried a dark colour in his hair to mask the grey, he ran his fingers through from front to back. It was false, he didn't like it but he thought Bella would. He Looked away and started his car and the muscle bound V8 rumbled into life with a sharp bark, he engaged the supercharger. He shook his head looking down at the horse in the centre of the steering wheel. "This is bullshit," he mumbled. "I need to stay focused." he looked at the horse in the centre of the steering wheel again, then up and out the window as he pulled away from his parking spot, tyres smoking in a resounding roar. "Six black horses, that's why I'm here." He roared on up the road but pulled up in haste, he thought deeply after coming to a stop. He rang Cadiche on his satellite phone, he had to wait ten seconds or so before Cadiche responded. "Arrest Neville Creighton."
"What, what for."
"I don't care why you arrest him and find out where Gustav Fleming is, Rose Flemings father."
"Why don't you ask her yourself?"
"He steers well clear of Rose since she became involved with Bella, he'd never tell Rose where he is and Rose is no longer keen on her father."
"Creighton's a hard bloke to nail, especially for nothing."
Stanton dropped his computer from the roof cavity; he began to log in as he spoke fumbling with the phone. "I have some gaff on Creighton, been saving it for a rainy day, just about to drop it on David Stokes desk in five, four, three, two, one, gone. Stokes will ring you in about thirty seconds and ask you to arrest Creighton."
Cadiche rolled his eyes and sat back in his office chair looked at the ceiling and shook his head. "Unreal." Stanton disengaged contact with the satellite. Cadiche tossed the satellite phone onto his desk then looked out the window with his arms folded, he watched a coal ship being mothered into Newcastle port by tug boats, he waited in silence. His phone rang. "Page speaking."
"Cadiche, this report and supporting documents regarding Creighton, brilliant piece of police work. Arrest Creighton immediately."
Cadiche went fishing. "Based on the facts what charges do you suggest?"
"Well, attempted murder, conspiracy to murder, uttering false witness."
"Fine, could you send the email back to me with your recommendations and Ill see to it immediately."
"Absolutely, this needs to be acted on, will take a few minutes to return, see if you can find out where Creighton is and I'll arrange a warrant." 
"Excellent idea sir, I'll err, get on to that straight away."
"Good man, chow." Cadiche put his phone down slowly. 





CHAPTER THREE
For the first time Stanton was going to ask questions of Winston Blake, why did he know so little about his daughter's employment background? Stanton turned it over in his mind, he had never asked questions in that area himself, why? He shook his head as he drove on, was it Faversham that had spurred the obvious that was not so obvious. 
He pulled up at Shangri La winery, the place was in lockdown, a military style transportation operation, two years in the planning was about to be initiated. Transporting a horse by road is something most owners do frequently, but moving it by air is different matter. Horses are flown in 'jet stalls', square, padded boxes that resemble a three-horse, forward-facing lorry. These can be adjusted to accommodate two or even one if necessary, but although this is better for the horse, the cost will spiral. Each shipment will have one professional flying groom who is certified with the Animal Air Transport Association per three horses. Flaxmead was flying with Flushing Meadow and Celtic Storm. Three horses would indeed travel in a jet stall on a jumbo transport plane from Sydney airport but it would not be the untouchables. As Graham Harper was a vet and strapper Jessica Flametower had been registered with the AATA as a flying groom, Flaxmead's float was far more sophisticated than a jet stall, the trio of equine power would not leave the float until they touched down in the UK, cost was not a KPI. An alternate jumbo commercial transport aircraft would swallow up the float, Stations Mustang and another support vehicle and drop them at an airfield far from the maddening crowd while the media and Jodi Stanton kept the eyes of the world firmly on the decoys. The problem of different reaction to flying by some horses had also had plenty of attention, pseudo flights around Australia with the three valuable items of livestock had ironed out expectation to realisation and implementation. The team was a well oiled machine.    
Stanton isolated Winston by asking him to accompany him as they drove the convoy toward the airport in the darkness of the night, he asked a burning question. "Rose worked for the government, I can't remember you ever mentioning the fact."
Winston looked sombre; his jowls hung low, a bland look of thought brought on by the mention of his daughter. "No, yes, possibly." he shock his head staring through the windscreen at the rear of the float as they powered down the F3 freeway towards Sydney. He looked round at Stanton. "She was involved in real estate, never really discussed work with her a great deal, she never brought the subject up. I just made the most of the time I got with her. I remember asking about work congenially, she just said it's a job far as I can recall."
"Did you ever meet a Rhiannon Faversham?"
Winston raised his eyebrows. "Yes, at the Melbourne cup, she was with Rose, a dear friend no doubt, spent the entire day with them both."
"Did you know Rhiannon Faversham disappeared at the same times as Rose and is currently still missing?"
"Good lord, no I had no idea, what makes you think the disappearance is related."
"A witness to the event."
Winston leant one ear toward Stanton with a look of utter concentration. "Go on."
"A one Bradley Faversham, Rhiannon's father." Stanton waited for a reply his concentration at times drawn to the road ahead and vehicles around Flaxmead's float but Winston just remained silent and still awaiting more information. "He confirmed Rose and Rhiannon had been taken for some reason together, probably linked to their work."
Winston blinked profusely and shook his head in disbelief. "What an earth would you do in real estate that would constitute abduction," he looked at Stanton. "Is the lead of any use to us?"
"Possibly."
"Explain."
"I don't have enough information to explain anything, just facts that tell us we are looking for two women and they are still alive."
Winston sat back in his seat with a relieving sigh. "Oh god, she's alive, I've always believed it and so have you, your support kept me going." 
"Rhiannon's father claims the girls were taken by the American Secret Service, they have information that could be damaging to someone somewhere. Faversham passed it on to them when he was attaché to the American Embassy in Canberra."
"Good god. Why would this man suddenly come forward, you must have had contact by what you know."
"He's dying, has six months to live and wants to see his daughter before he dies."
Winston looked down. "Thank god I'm not in such a position, I would be devastated and try anything. Why has this Faversham not come forward years ago?"
"He claims he's being black mailed into silence, should be divulge any information his daughter would suffer."
"Oh my god Rose."
"Calm down, Rose is pretty smart. The girls apparently stashed the information out of harms way."
"But it's been years, makes no sense this Faversham may have held back for no reason."
"I can confirm to this day he is tailed by American officials."
Winston looked solemn; his mindset slumped to rock bottom. "I thought she had just disappeared, perhaps Id neglected her and she held a grudge. In a way I did, she needed me and I wasn't there. Will our attention court disaster?"
 Stanton hesitated. "There's a risk."
"Perhaps we should let sleeping dog's lie, my efforts may lead to her being harmed."
"If they were going to harm Rose or Rhiannon whoever is involved would have done so long ago, there is far more to this. I need ask no more questions or expand on what I have already told you. What I can tell you is this is no longer you and I looking for your daughter, this has crossed the line, MI6 are now involved. You remember Porter the minister for defence whom committed suicide."
Wilson nodded with a pouted jowl. "Yes, his family still claim he was murdered by MI6."
Stanton hesitated, reassured by his questioning he continued. "Makes no difference, fact is Porter is dead and dead men tell no tales. In the course of cleaning one thing up a mess can be twisted elsewhere. I have to sideline you from any further involvement in the hunt for Rose."
Wilson looked around slowly and solemnly at Stanton. "You'd do that to me?"
Stanton looked at Winston with a smile then back at the road. "I'd do that to anybody I loved, the hunt for Rose is a matter of international importance linked to government bodies involved in international military affairs." Stanton was quiet for a few seconds. "However, I promise to return your daughter to you alive, regardless of any circumstances. Should things go pair shaped, this conversation never took place."
Winston had concern etched into his face. "Sound like revenge, should we take such a path without knowing more, not that I don't feel a sense of reprisal myself."
"Nothing to do with revenge Winston, justice, difference between justice and revenge I am fortunately well aware off, things can quickly escalate to war, only the dead are free of war. We must make sure Rose is only free of tyranny, not war. Sounds ominous but the fact remains Rose will need help, whatever that involves then so be it." 
"All this for a horse."
"No, all this for six black horses."
CHAPTER FOUR
Newly elected Australian Prime Minister Larry Liberian had shifted the goal posts and reshuffled a governing cabinet. Prevailing over a cabinet meeting of his colleagues a name he had only heard in myth was mentioned. So involved in attending to the needs of his backers he let the mention slide but noted the minister whom had uttered the name Stanton. In deep water it became apparent Larry had trouble treading water let alone swimming, his own kind turned on him. Larry had large ears, a long thin face, he walked awkwardly, he talked in a manner that slow and methodical by the time he had finished his sentence no one could remember the question, after an involved and drawn out reply to a question from a member of cabinet Larry rounded the reply off. "And that is paramount."
There was silence for a few seconds before the minister for defence spoke up. "What's paramount, I forgot what the question was."
Larry remained calm and with precise hand movements backing up his retort he spoke in his normal fashion. "If members of cabinet," people leaned forward and directed one ear waiting. "have problems remembering,"........"what has been said,"......"Immediately,"......"I say again immediately,"......"obtain a copy of the minutes,"........."and study them carefully.......now.......we must adjourn........and begin the task of running the country.......the minister for defence Lachlan Peabody......to my office for a meeting please."
Lachlan a fine looking middle aged lawyer followed Larry to his office from the cabinet room, Larry gave instructions to his aids at the door and ushered Lachlan to the seat opposite his desk, sat down with haste clasping his fingers together, he looked around briefly with a stern look making sure the door was closed and they were alone. "What do you know of this John Stanton?"
Lachlan was surprised, Larry's speech dispersion had evaporated and he could understand exactly what he was saying. "Can you answer a burning question Larry?" Larry lifted one eyebrow and directed an ear toward Lachlan as he peered from the side of his eyes in wait. "Why an earth did you make me minister for defence, I'm a lawyer, I can't say I've even seen a real tank."
 Larry blinked and shuffled round in his seat. "Now look Lachlan, were all lawyers, what difference would it make. I've heard you mention Stanton before and again today, is there anyone in cabinet other than yourself that knows of him or has met him."   
"Not that I know of, major players in his area were all decimated at the election; we know little of him or how to contact him."
"You know his sons, Stanton and Stanton lawyers."
"Yes, the most dangerous lawyers in the country, god knows where they get their information; they are always several steps ahead of the opposition."
Larry sniffed and coughed, he looked briefly away then back at Lachlan with resolve. "Stanton put together our security systems and it's rumoured he has his own satellite system."
Lachlan held his hands out palms up and shook his head. "No one knows, just rumours, attacking him has cost the state millions."
"Billet knows him, Stanton broke his arm at one stage something to do with Jodi Stanton the reporter."
"Everybody knows this what are you getting at."
"I want the entire military security system changed."
"Been suggested before, would play into Stanton's hands, he has access to all western systems, we would be on our own. The F35 strike fighter would have to be shelved."
Larry looked lost and heaved a big sigh. "Officer Page, the one they call Cadiche, I suggest we make him police commissioner."
"Probably a good move but will make no difference to current relations with Stanton. They act as if they have little to do with each other and on the surface we have no reason or evidence that would indicate otherwise."
"We need this mans support."
Lachlan laughed. "Support, if someone's crossed the line without you knowing cabinet will be minus members. The rumour is Stanton took out several members of the last cabinet including Porter when minister for defence so if you're asking for anything outside of democracy count me out. Jodi Simpson found out a shipment of arms went missing in Afghanistan and people started to have accidents."
"In the hand over briefing from the outgoing ministry I asked a question with his name in it and everybody left."
"Stanton's in the UK at Ascot this weekend with the champion horse Flaxmead, that thing will annihilate them, they then head for the US with the horse, he's well known and popular, if he'd run for parliament last election I'd be talking to him not you currently."
 Larry folded his arms looking down at the desk; he thought for a few seconds then looked up. "Summon Page for me, the Cadiche man, I wish to meet him, tell no one."
"Stanton will know."
"I remember reading a statement by Stanton, there's a lot of difference between a gamble and a calculated risk, you agree."
Lachlan nodded with a pout. "Yes, I remember seeing him make the statement on the news some time ago. Has anyone in cabinet crossed what he calls the line?" 
"I have no idea but there seems to be a few frightened people on the benches."
"Yeah, I'm one of em. I better go and see what a tank looks like; I'm more likely to run into Stanton than anyone else."
"This is ridiculous, how can a member of the public hold so much power. If I had that much power I could make a difference."
"Mmm, just be careful who you make a difference for. One thing's for sure, he doesn't tolerate corruption. He's x MI6, a British patriot and supportive of the commonwealth and its working classes."
"I think he's an empire builder hiding behind the veil of military might spread across the western world. He must be stopped."
"He once turned a British nuclear guided missile frigate around sailed it down the East Coast from manoeuvres with the Americans in Okinawa, can we do that."
"That's impossible."
"It happened, the British now admit it was an act of support on request."
 "Where did you get this information?"
"I've heard the rumours, then I met Rose Fleming."
Larry brightened. "The woman in the news, been missing for years, related to one of the Flaxmead bunch."
"No that's Rose Blake, Winston Blake's daughter, the man that found Flaxmead in Ireland, aren't you up with the Flaxmead story."
"Obviously not, who's Rose Fleming."
 Lachlan hesitated and answered with awkward body language and slurred speech. "She's addictive and absolutely ravishing. She knows John Stanton."
"A lead?"
"Possibly, I never really thought about it. I ran into her recently at a diner in London. I lost all faculties and followed her round like a sick puppy. We talked for quite some time; she is the most attractive woman, alluring, sensual, sexy, I couldn't control myself. If my wife finds out god help me."
"I want you to contact this woman, find out what you can about Stanton, we may be able to use her."
"This woman operates under the nose of MI6, they were all over the place."
"Never the less, under the circumstances I think you should contact her soon as you can."
"I don't think straight on visual contact with her is a good move, her smell, her touch, could be damaging."
"You want I should get someone else I can trust to deal with her."
"No."
Larry folded his arms and smiled. "It's always an option should things become too much for you."
"She's an insatiable sex maniac, it's hardly in my job description."
"I think we can turn a blind eye under the circumstances."
"What about the press should someone find out?"
"Your children have left home haven't they?"
"Yes."
"I've met your wife, you should have gone to spec savers. You live in different houses."
 "We have an agreement; divorce is expensive to say nothing of damaging in public life. We are happily married should you ask either of us."
"Then what's the problem."
Lachlan sighed stone faced. "I'll see if I can get in contact with her."
"Ahh, that's more like it. Anything about Stanton get back to me personally, no emails or letters."
"The American Embassy has been onto me about the F35, they want a meeting next week. I suggest a photo shot and continued support in the media."
"Agreed, I'll have my staff attend to it, discuss costing then halve it and pass it on to the press, we don't want to alarm anyone with all the cuts we are about to implement. That Flaxmead, how do you think it will go at Ascot?"
"As I said before, I think he'll annihilate them. None of the horses in his race have anywhere the times Flaxmead can run."
"But what of the different conditions, Flaxmead has never run on foreign soil, may affect him, bit of a gamble. I've been reading the newspapers, this horse carries the reputation of the country when it runs."
 Lachlan stood up ready to leave; he looked down at Larry with a smile. "The risk would be calculated; there is a difference between a gamble and a calculated risk. The trio they call the untouchables fly's out tomorrow morning. I believe arrangements for the sports minister to attend are in place."
"Yes a member of cabinet will be there for the cameras, I'm thinking of attending the meeting at Ascot depending on the news poll regarding the suggestion after the media scrum at the airport. I hope the stable know what they're doing, I have fifty bucks on Flaxmead."
Lachlan walked to the door turning to Larry as he grabbed the handle. "Flaxmead will need support prior and during the race, not afterwards should he win or loose. I'll be making it obvious to the press that Flaxmead has my complete confidence, He's undefeated and will be heading to the US, rumour has it he will be involved in an event during the Kentucky Derby, start of the US triple crown. He's to old to race in the event but rumour has it Flaxmead's stable has thrown down the gauntlet to the trainer that owns the fastest horse in the US, the same age as Flaxmead, a gelding called Thunderbolt, winner of the triple crown when he was a three year old. A one on one race off between Flaxmead and Thunderbolt at the Kentucky Derby meeting."
"Where did you learn of this, sounds interesting."
Lachlan delayed opening the door and continued. "A press release by Jodi Stanton a few hours ago, tension will build as Flaxmead runs at Ascot. Should he win the ball will be in the Americans court, if they can't return it they will loose face."
"Flaxmead would carry the nations reputation to the very place reputations are paramount."
"Exactly."
 Larry began to wear a sinister grin. "Prime Minister Stanwell's approval rating skyrocketed every time he went near that horse. I want to be there tomorrow when he fly's out. Roll up unexpected with a heart-warming speech to lift the nation. Take their minds off some of the distasteful policy moves we are going to make."
"In 1938 an American horse called Seabiscuit ran a one on one race with a horse called War Admiral, it was really a battle between two powerful rich men, car manufacturing giant Charles Howard and wool merchant and rancher Sam Riddle. At four to one Seabiscuit the underdog beat the War Admiral winner of the American Triple Crown in 1937. Seabiscuit a far smaller horse carried the hopes of the working class, a horse destined for nothing, was initially trained to teach other horses to overtake in a race. Howard bought Seabiscuit for next to nothing and American trainer of the time Tom Smith believed Seabiscuit was a champion at first sight, he was right."
"I saw the film, yes I remember now, my eldest daughter wanted to see it."
"Flaxmead and Thunderbolt are currently both undefeated champions. The one on one race in 1938 was called the match of the century. If this thing between Flaxmead and Thunderbolt comes off, do you realise the ramifications. If Flaxmead wins at Ascot, I suggest you ring the American President and apply some pressure, when those two horses race the whole world will stand still. If Flaxmead wins or looses, a prime minister that supports the show will be popular no matter what he does politically."
Larry had a look of warm indignation only he could muster with his arms folded, he day dreamed being at the post as Flaxmead thundered by. He spoke slowly, mesmerised, intoxicated, inspired by the dream. "Yes, yes I can see it. Brilliant. I have a media aid that I trust immeasurably, I want him on that plane with Flaxmead tomorrow. I'll have my press secretary ring Jodi Stanton immediately." Larry looked at Lachlan with a warm smile and a nod. "I would never have thought of this with all the shit that's going on forming cabinet, I won't forget this Lachlan."  
"I'm not sure I've done you any favours." Lachlan left and closed the door quietly behind him."
CHAPTER FIVE
Stanton chuckled when he was informed the Prime Ministers media attaché was standing with Whistler and Lee Hayford veteran sports reporters at Sydney airport. Arrangements had been made to include the trio on the phantom flight. The original float was used by the phantom trio and team doubles kept out of sight in the float as it covered the tarmac and mounted the ramps into the jumbo transporter. Flaxmead and the entourage were about to touch down in the UK, Foulness Island near the mouth of the River Thames, an old military stamping ground of Stanton's. A local farmer up in the early hours of the morning heard the unusual flight timing; he peered out the window and watched the lights of the lumbering transported touch down on the runway through the darkness. He was concerned the noise curfew had been broken, finished breakfast and walked to his tractor, the lumbering plane had disappeared, not the first time he had noticed such goings on. As the sun peeked over the horizon he had been cutting hay along the runways edge for over an hour, he was startled and brought the tractor to a halt as three thundering horses flashed past from behind, turf flew up all around some striking the window of his cab. He climbed out and onto the ground, not uncommon to see horses early in the morning with riders enjoying the morning air, however these were not locals and they were big horses unlike the equines from the local pony club. The farmer was an ardent follower of thoroughbred horse racing, he watched as the horses pulled up at the end of the field turned and thundered back towards him. The colours of the shirt on what appeared to be a girl child riding the black stallion sent him into grand disbelief; he identified the colours immediately, the Harper stable from the Hunter Valley in NSW Australia, the trainer of the champion Flaxmead. The trio pulled up next to Burrows the farmer, he recognised them, Ross Hildebrand riding Celtic Storm, Jessica Flametower riding Flushing Meadow and tiny Lindy Cumberland on the monster Flaxmead. Hildebrand spoke in his broad Scottish accent. "Good morning to you sir, sorry to have startled you."
Burrows was speechless for a few seconds, his chubby face pale, his cockney accent sounded the same as Lindy had heard in Monty Python films, she smiled. "Mr Hildebrand, Ross Hildebrand."
"I."
 "Then this is bleeding Celtic Storm."
 "You're a betting man."
"I follow horse racing, I love horses." As Burrows followed the faces of the riders the equine trio eager to run they took his gaze across the field towards back roads adjacent to the old island runway as they restlessly stamped around, a red Ford Mustang sat ominously still some mile away, the sun caught the shiny supercharger above the bonnet and splashed the light in Burrows eyes. It suddenly roared to life going around in circles in a cloud of smoke.
Hildebrand tipped his helmet with his right finger. "We have to go sir, sorry again, we would appreciate it if you didn't mention you'd seen us." 
Burrows nodded his herringbone cap tight on his head. "Right, I'll sort that."
Lindy Cumberland called to Hildebrand. "Fifty metres start, run down over four ks." Hildebrand and Flametower kicked their steeds into life a shot off in the direction they had came from showering Burrows in grass.
Burrows looked at Lindys smiling face, Flaxmead reared up wanting to run. He shouted. "You give them fifty yards."
Lindy laughed. "I like you, you make me laugh. I have to go, bye." She let Flaxmead loose and he powered to full speed chasing his stable mates. Burrows watched as they turned before crossing the concrete road and headed at right angles to Burrows, he could plainly see the action. The next fence was about a mile, in four hundred metres the pocket rocket had taken Flaxmead past the galloping pair and had ten lengths on them before turning to run along the fence line directly in front of him. By the time Cumberland pulled Flaxmead up she had put fifty lengths between them. The cantered back toward the red mustang, Lindy waved from the distance.
"Blimey." burrows muttered. He took his herringbone cap off and watched the group fade from sight. "He'll bloody well slaughter them tomorrow." He rummaged around in his pocket and found his mobile phone, he hastily rang his bookie Ken Flanders, the phone rang out. He tried again, it rang out again, he mumbled nervously. "Come on wake up you lazy git." He tried a third time.
Flanders lay in bed, his wife demanded he answer the phone as she was now awake and it was annoying her. Flanders looked at the screen, Dave Burrows. Flanders was a cockney. "Gaud blimey, Dave, bloody farmers." He answered with a frown. "Dave me ol cock sparrow, how are you mate."
"A thousand quid on the black Aussie."
"What." Flanders sat up straight on the side of his bed.
"Flaxmead, the Australian horse tomorrow at Ascot, thousand quid to win."
Flanders shook his head running his free hand over his grey hair. "Have you lost it, I spoke to Wilson Hornswaddle and Bartholomew Fothrington only yesterday, they don't think that horse is up to taking on Kings Ransom, that's why this Flaxmead is four to one."
"Five thousand quid on Flaxmead, do you want it or do I call someone else."
Flanders thought for a few seconds. "It's your money mate, that's a few weeks in the field. I'll take it your a good payer. Why? That horse has never run here, I think you're mad"
Burrows was about to explain but held back, he blinked, looked at the ground and played with his hat. "I just got this feeling, as the sun came up, I can't explain."
"Just for you Dave, if Flaxmead wins you get twenty thousand quid, I think your nuts but just my opinion."
Dave Burrows face turned to a wide warm smile. "Opinions are like arseholes Ken everybody has one."
"That's original Dave, have a nice day I'm getting up now thanks to you."
"Say hello to your lovely wife, he he."
"Yeah right." Flanders hung up.
Kens wife came out from under the covers. "Who was that love."
"Dave Burrows, just put five thousand quid on that Flaxmead from Australia."
His wife sat up wide eyed. "You accepted a five thousand quid bet."
"Yeah."
"On a horse that's never been beaten."
"Dahh, that Kings Ransom will eat it for breakfast."
Kens wife pushed him and he fell to the floor. "You idiot, that Flaxmead runs two seconds faster than any horse over 2,414 metres, that's the distance of the King George tomorrow."
"What's that in miles then?"
"One mile and four furlongs."
"I've seen Kings Ransom run that distance he's unbeatable at the moment."
 "Remember you sent me on a holiday to Australia, I went to a meeting over there in a town called Melbourne, that horse took the piss mate. I told you about it you never listen."
Ken stood up. "Yeah but that was a while ago."
"Last year you idiot."
Ken dressed his wife rolled over under the covers in disgust. "I'm gonna walk down for the paper." 
His wife came out from under the covers. "You should bleddin well try readin it mate, instead of looking at the bird on page three."
"You was on page three once."
"Yeah, well the novelty has well and truly worn of en it."
Ken left with a frown walking down the street to the corner newsagent, a pleasant July morning. He said hello to neighbours forcing a smile uneasy with about his morning argument. By the time he reached the shop he realised he really knew nothing of the Australian horse Flaxmead. Not only that, Dave Burrows had not picked a horse below the top three for as long as he had known him. He began to think he had been set up, taking a bet while he was half asleep. Ted in the paper shop greeted Ken. "Oh blimey, up early, getting ready for the big one tomorrow. All I've heard this morning is about this Australian horse Flaxmead or whatever he's bleddin name is. You'd be doing a rare trade with this lot wouldn't you?" Ted threw a paper in front of Ken on the counter. Flaxmead had made the front page of every tabloid in the land. 
Ken had a stern look as picked up the paper and studied the headlines. "Don't know, the shop doesn't open till ten, we aren't newsagents you know."
"What you give me on that Flaxmead."
"Two to one."
"Two to one, was four yesterday."
"Yeah well I've had a recent flurry on this thing."
"From who, its seven in the morning, you just said you don't open till ten."
Ken was engrossed in reading the headlines on Flaxmead. He spoke without thinking. "Dave. Dave Burrows put five thousand quid on this thing."
"Five thousand quid, blimey, he might know, he's been on Foulness Island for decades. The bloke who looks after security on this Flaxmead spent time working out of Foulness so the rumour goes, that John Stanton bloke when he was with MI6."
Ken looked up his face etched with concern. "I gotta go Ted."
"A thousand quid on that black thing, yeah, Flaxmead."
Ken drew a big sigh hesitating at the door. "All right, you've always taken it on the chin and paid up, you're on."
"Sure thing I reckon."
"What makes you think that?"
"First time I've ever seen you not go straight to page three mate, he he he."
By the time Ken got back home he had read a full report on the rise and rise of Australian flat racer, sprinter, stayer, Flaxmead. He was convinced by what he read and Burrows behaviour that this Flaxmead was a better than fifty percent chance of winning. He also had reason to believe the horse was already in the country hidden below the windswept airfield of Foulness Island. 
Lindy slipped from Flaxmead's back into the waiting arms of Stanton to steady her jump. Stanton knew but asked anyway. "Well?"
"He likes it here, he ran the others down quicker than I have ever experienced. Just like last test trip, as if nothing happened. He ran four before I could pull him up flat out, tomorrow will be a big day for him."
Stanton turned to Ross standing by Celtic Storm. "She's right, the girls were carrying weight but he made us look like we were looking for a grazing spot." Hildebrand brought Celtic Storm close and rubbed Flaxmead's neck with his palm. "I've waited for tomorrow for years, some old scores to settle with the establishment, by tomorrow evening the entire institution will be in nursing the loss of their reputation. Couldn't happen to a nicer bunch of people." He turned to Stanton with a frown. "What about Roger and Kalika Palmer?"
Stanton looked down then up with a pout. "Do you know how many people are after this horse, they'll be there, with the decoys. I know Kalika's circle of friends has been infiltrated, I'll take care of it when I can, you know I can't tell you everything Ross. Roger and Kalika will be at the finishing line."
Roger gave a warm smile and put his huge hand on Stanton's shoulder. "It's far more important to us here."
"I understand that, if Flaxmead fails to make the starting gate what then."
"Nothing."
"Yes, and the establishment are well aware of that."
The argument between Flanders and his wife continued over breakfast, his wife went on line and brought up news feed of live coverage of Flaxmead's wins in Australia. "You remember Royal Rose."
"Yeah what a horse, wish it was still around."
"This is the race they call the Melbourne Cup, that's Flaxmead just crossing the line, Royal Rose from the same stable as Royal Ransom is back in the field there look, its still bleddin runnin mate. That's Won-Tolla the New Zealand horse that sorted us out a while back, left in this bloody Flaxmead's wake."
Ken lent back away from the screen with a look of shock. "Blimey." He picked up his phone ringing his shop manager. "Vince, listen. Get everyone on the phone, put a thousand on every bookie across the midlands for this Flaxmead to win. Don't burn anyone round here, we have to live somewhere."
"The odds are getting thin, you read the paper."
"I can read mate."
"I just thought you looked at the picture, he he he."
"Bloody smart arse get onto it."
"I hear the rumour on good authority that Hornswaddle and Fothrington have thirty million on this Flaxmead spread around the globe."
"I should have bleddin known mate, why does that not surprise me."
CHAPTER SIX
A grand dinner at Royal Ascot, night before the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes, Reichmann was in attendance at the dinner and was taken to a secluded kitchenette by four powerful men. Sitting around a metal table with a glass top and six equally bland chairs, the room had been chosen as the least likely place for such a meeting to be held. The door was closed by burley suite clad types that were more familiar with rugby changing rooms than grand ballrooms at Ascot. The five settled and a senior gent in brilliantly tailored black suit starred sternly at Reichmann, he sniffed and twitched his lips, his refined accent echoed round the bare walls. "You have been paid well, if Flaxmead runs you will suffer the consequences what. We wish to know how things are progressing."
    Reichmann played with his tie, his check twitching with nervous poise. "Good news. Authorities have taken the bait on my double, they think I'm in custody. I am able to instigate the plan personally, I can assure you this horse won't make Ascot. Stanton...." 
A deep voice intervened. "Don't mention that name in our presence, we don't like it."
Reichmann became agitated and angry. "Like it or not the man will be here tomorrow. I suggest you make yourselves scarce." He hesitated for a few seconds scanning the blank faces round the table. "Ever thought of finding a horse that can run faster than Flaxmead."
"There isn't a horse that can run faster than Flaxmead, but there will be when its dead, do we make ourselves clear."
Reichmann tapped his fingers on the table, he locked eyes with the chairman. "I can't get anyone to go near this, I'm doing it myself."
"How you achieve your quest is unimportant, the fact that you do is."
"I need another million."
"Blackmail Hans."
"I'm telling you I need another million. The tools and method I have planned are expensive. One mistake along the line and you know who may find out, I don't have to tell you the consequences."
The four looked each other out the corner of their eyes without moving their heads, holding stone poise and blank faces. "Were not easily frightened, risk is what we deal with every day. Very well, no result no money."
"You're gambling."
"That's what horse racing is all about."
Reichmann crossed his arms in defiance, they found his German accent offensive. "I give you far less than a fifty percent chance."
"Proceed."
Reichmann stood, walked to the door, turned as he opened it, he nodded. "Gentlemen." He left, a burly man held the door open, the chairman tossed his head to one side indicating he wished to remain, the door was closed. 
 A member of the four immediately challenged the chair. "Reichmann's right, it's not as if you know who has no support here. MI6 are crawling all over this place, I can't blow my nose without someone making a note of it."
"Good, you will have excellent evidence to show you had nothing to do with the horse's demise. All this attention is a plus, you can however view it in a negative sense, which of course will do you no good. No one has crossed the line, this is a civil matter, the risk is negligible."
"There is an American FBI agent here, Bret McCrae."
The chair looked daggers at his counterpart. "Why have I not been informed of this?"
"We only just found out, he looks like a drop out from a John Wayne movie, I asked a few questions and got some answers. He came with the American horse Chisholm invited by the owner, damn Texan rancher with far more money than sense." 
"Your misinformation is only surpassed by you ignorance, Chisholm won the Kentucky Derby and continues to be undefeated. We need to find out why this McCrae is accompanying the Americans. Our Arab backers are unimpressed with all this threatening talent, a lot to consider."
"He asked questions about Rose Blake."
The chair exploded. "What. That is exactly what we are trying to draw attention from. Do you have any other surprises for me?"
"A jumbo transporter landed on Foulness Island in the early hours of darkness this morning."
"What. So we don't even know where this horse is."
"No, and Foulness is the last place we can infiltrate, for reasons you are well aware." 
The chair rested his elbow on the table and rubbed his chin with his hand, his pale white skin creasing, showing its age. He sniffed hard and bit his bottom lip and ran his hands through his hair from front to back. "Two damn that's thorough, doesn't matter if we get the right or wrong one we'd show ourselves and that damn man will strike with a vengeance what. Release Rose Blake, call off the hit, let the horse run, it's too risky. Reichmann made me think,"
  The three counterparts stood. "What."
"Remember this man went into Pakistan and lifted a wanted Arab National from complete safety and handed him to the Americans single handed."
"The French Secret Service was involved he had assistance."
"Exactly, they are here as well along with god knows who else."
"Releasing Rose Blake is suicide." 
"No." The chair stood and spoke with resolve. "I have no doubt you know who will want to speak to Rose Blake and do nothing until he has. Were playing for time, and its running out, we better buy some. Have her released immediate. Have her father captured and reverse the blackmail process."
"Emm, her father went to the authorities in Australia, he is currently under arrest held in maximum security."
The chair sat down and drew a big sigh. "Leave me I have a lot of thinking to do. I hate that man, Stanton, the word sickens me. He trusts no one; how he operates with this handicap I have no idea, perhaps it is a strength instead of a weakness in his case."
"His sons have filed complaint against our affiliates in Germany, they are suing under the international corporations act."
"When was this?"
"Yesterday morning, at close of trade in Australia just before five."
"Now they have the entire weekend."
"Yes."
"And we are tied up here at Ascot. You have to hand it to them, I admire them. I told you long ago gentlemen, Id get into this but I don't like it." The chair shook his head. "Think about it gentlemen, Churchill opened fire of the French Fleet during the second world war when it was about to be taken by the Germans. Stanton has double the resolve of Churchill, imagine the broadside he would apply in a similar circumstance. Reichmann is right, have Reichmann eliminated he knows too much and is of no further use. Release Rose Blake. Make moves to cover all the tracks you can. You have to get information to me faster than this gentleman if we are to have any chance of reaching our goals, all is not lost but we need time."
Reichmann was walking through the ballroom toward the exit when Rose Fleming struck. "Hans, how lovely to see you."
Reichmann's face lit up like a Christmas tree, he swallowed hard and peered at Roses cleavage with a beaming smile. "Rose, how nice to see you." He looked a around. "You with any one?"
"I am now if you're free, its so boring here Hans, I noticed you as I was about to leave and thought you may like to come with me."
Reichmann loosened his tie. "Why not, perhaps I could spare some time."
"Oh Hans thank you, I was hoping you would come with me." She grabbed his tie and led him toward the door. "I don't think you'll come with me the first time but with practice well get it right." Rose bundled Reichmann into a black range rover and they roared off. Two burly types in suits could do nothing as they noticed several MI6 operatives nearby. 
"Who's going to tell him we missed him."
The other drew a big breath and nodded back towards the main door, they walked inside and disappeared in the crowd. 
 Rose had bundled in the back of the Range Rover to find a second female driving, long flowing black hair and a voice of silk, Bella Elizabeth Fonteyn. "Mr Reichmann how nice to see you, the second Mr Reichmann this last few days. Some nasty men were after you Hans so we thought you'd much rather play with us than them. Can you tell us anything interesting?"
"No, no I can't."
"Oh dear Rose, we have to hand him over to nasty Mr Stanton."
"John Stanton."
"Yes you know him."
"No and I don't wish too."
"Every time you tell us something interesting Rose tends to get excited."
"Who is this woman Rose?"
"That's Bella, we have breakfast together every day."
"Really, would her second name be Fonteyn." 
"He's heard of you Bella."
"Look its do as I'm told or my life's worth nothing."
Rose removed her top, her cleavage billowed from the top of her bra. "That's more like it Hans, that was very exciting."
"Flaxmead, they want the horse dead before the race."
Rose rubbed herself against Hans. "That's good but we already know that."
"Can you protect me?"
"Depends how much you know." replied Bella.
"You'll find people of interest round Royal Ransom tomorrow in the mounting yard." 
Rose smiled and raised her eyebrows. "We are getting close, much more and well have to take you home and make sure you're okay."
"Rose! Not yet. Come on Hans, we need a name and well make sure you're okay." 
Reichmann began to breathe heavily, he looked at Roses heaving bosom, her mini skirt hade ridden up. "Stillwell, the chair of the board, he calls the shots."
Bella squinted at the mirror looking at Reichmann's face, he looked relieved like a load had been lifted from his shoulders. "Are you sure?"
"Yes, makes no difference to me now, I warned him."
"I know the names on the board and Stillwell is not one of them." 
Reichmann lent across toward Bella's ear to make sure she understood. "He's the minister laundering all the money from the Middle East, you know that." He was clear and methodical evening out his German accent best he could. "Every time the board sits he listens in by conference link up or attends. He's been attending of late because he knows you can hack the conference link up and so can Stanton. The board rely on him for money they want laundered from the Middle East, he runs the show."
Bella looked at Rose in the Mirror catching her gaze. "Checks out, Stillwell has been under surveillance for weeks, Jean Forbes meets with him in Germany on a regular basis, looks like Forbes husband is the king pin and Jean keeps the boys happy."
Reichmann lent back in his seat. "You know, why push me for information you already have."
"They've crossed the line Hans, bit more to it than that."
"When Stanton finds out that's the end of them."
"You know that little bit more you're not telling us Hans."
"I'll tell Stanton personally nobody else, I don't want to die."
"Blindfold him Rose." Rose rummaged around in her handbag pulling out a black chiffon scarf, she bound it round Reichmann's eyes doubled up tying and pulling it tight."
"Where are you taking me?"
"May be several hours before we can get you picked up, not far." Bella turned into North Ascot estate and eventually through wrought iron gates opened by a remote she retrieved from the sun shade above her head. She ambled up the driveway, the gates closed behind them and an underground garage opened adjacent to a stately mansion. The doors swallowed the range rover and closed as she came to a stop. They guided Reichmann down some steps to a basement below the garage and closed the door hiding the steps in the floor. The steps opened up to a well lit living area with rooms going off on each side. They removed Reichmann's blindfold and Bella found her phone and went into a side room closing the door. Rose sat Reichmann down on a soft spacious lounge and removed her bra. 
"You are a good boy; see if we can remember any more things, Bella is listening and watching in the next room." Rose removed Reichmann's jacket and shirt, then pulled off his shoes socks, pants and jocks throwing them around the room. "Wow, who's a big boy then." Reichmann tried to pull her towards him but she slapped his hands. "Uh uh, naughty, start talking."
"I'll tell you whatever you want." Rose pulled up her mini skirt and then knelt between his legs, her hair draped over his legs as she bobbed down. He groaned with delight as she raised and lowered her head." "Start talking and Ill jump up and down and give you them."
He laid back and opened his eyes to see Bella naked standing to one side of Rose, his eyes looked like dinner plates. Reichmann had never seen anything like her. "Come on Hans, you can have me if you start talking."
"I couldn't get anyone to do the job on the horse, I was going to do it myself."
She stood over him while Rose continued working on him. "And."
"I was going to shot Flaxmead from a vantage point I have been preparing for weeks, overlooking the mounting yard, I have access to all areas of the complex at Ascot."
Bella began to kiss him, she found him appealing sexually. "Nothing yet that has excited me allot." she whispered.
"There will be a massive transfer of funds just after the race once Flaxmead had been eliminated. I would receive three million pounds and several hundred million would be transferred to," he groaned with pleasure occasionally. "An account used by the board to launder funds."
"The contact in the Middle East Hans, and Ill lower myself onto you."
"I don't know, it's handled by Karl Spencer."
Bella stopped still, her chin resting on his shoulder. "Australian attorney general until recently?"
"Yes. Please I must have you."
"I need the name in the Middle East."
Reichmann was sweating and panting profusely, Rose was working hard. "Nasih, Abdullah Nasih. He also goes by the name of Hadar Mukum, he stole the name when Mukum was killed in Canberra."
"Where do they operate from?"  Bella stood over him rubbing her breast in his face, her hair gracing his body tickling Roses back, she gave a muffled squeal.
"Kuwait, Al Asimah Kuwait, please that's all I know of any use to you." 
Bella's nymphomania had kicked in long ago, she brushed Rose to one side, Rose fell on the floor, she got up on her knees. "Bella, bloody hell I was enjoying that, I've had him before he's excellent." Bella lowered herself onto Reichmann he screamed with approval. Rose stood up. "You greedy bitch." Reichmann lasted no more than a few strokes and ejaculated, Bella launched her tongue down his throat and dug her nails into his back. She orgasmed and fell limp over him climaxed by the warm inrush. "Get off, bloody hell." Rose pushed her to one side and she fell limp on the couch beside them, Rose went to work on Reichmann bringing him up again. She took immediate advantage lowering herself onto him, Rose had her fill orgasmed and fell flaccid over Reichmann her breasts smothering his face. Reichmann hadn't finished, he climbed over Bella, opened her legs and entered her. 
"You read my mind whispered Bella."
"If I can have you all night I tell you everything."
"That's some manhood you have, go for it." Reichmann blasted away, Bella screamed with delight. Rose stood up and staggered toward the bathroom.
"Where you going, stay here you're next."
It was over an hour Bella made the call for Reichmann to be retrieved.   
 
CHAPTER SEVEN
Bruce Hurst woke Stanton in the early hours of the morning. "Sorry John, I know it's early but I came straight from London soon as Bella called me."
Stanton sat up on the side of his bed, he turned on the light standing on the bedside table. The dull concrete walls of the underground complex soaked up what little light there was. He looked at his watch. "We are up in half an hour anyway, run the horses before loading them and heading for Ascot. I imagine its something important or you wouldn't be here."
"Reichmann took the bait, Rose found him strutting around the ballroom dinner last night at Ascot." Stanton looked up, he stood grabbing his clothes from a chair beside the bed, he walked towards the kitchen area followed by Hurst. "And what has Rose found out that's so important?" 
They got to the kitchen turned on the light and Stanton began to make coffee. "Bella was with her, they gave Reichmann the full works and he busted."
"Go on."
"He couldn't get anyone to tackle taking care of Flaxmead so he was going to do it himself."
"I was sure of that."
"How's this, Stillwell is pulling the strings with the Ascot board."
Stanton stopped what he was doing and looked sternly at Hurst. "He's Hollis's right hand man, this will devastate Albert if it's true."
"There's been a lot of money spent on Ascot of late, millions of pounds. Reichmann claims the money is coming in from the Middle East and somehow being laundered at Ascot."
"I find that hard to believe but keep going."
"Idris Nasih has a brother, Abdullah Nasih." Stanton finished making coffee handing one to Hurst, he put it on the table.
"If that's true he is very good at being invisible. I'm not buying it." 
"Another name was mentioned. Karl Spencer."
"I'm listening, Reichmann would have no idea Spencer existed unless he had first hand information." Stanton began to dress.
"Masses of money are being transferred from Kuwait, Reichmann claims Abdullah Nasih operates from Al Asimah Kuwait. He also claims he also goes by the name of Hadar Mukum a hit man that had a nasty accident at Canberra airport, he has stolen his identity."
"That's it, get Hollis on the phone, no way could Reichmann have winged that."
"Wow, wow, now for the main event."
Stanton looked at Hurst with a face etched with tension. "And."
"Rose Blake walked into a police station in Lexington Kentucky about two hours ago."
Stanton sat down in shock. "What. Did Reichmann tell you this?" 
"No, the information was sent to an FBI agent at Ascot, came from the desk sergeant at Lexington police station. Someone in the FBI contacted this agent McCrae, told him to make sure the right people got the news."
"Bret McCrea, well that's incredible. Where's McCrea."
"You know him."
"It's a long story, sort of."
"He's in a hotel near Ascot."
"How do you know its Rose Blake?"
"I rang Lexington police station, they are holding her till someone can pick her up. I spoke to her, she told me all about her father, it's her."
"I'm going to ask a lot of you."
"That's unusual."
"Find McCrea, pick up Winston Blake and head for Lexington."
"What if McCrea won't cooperate."
 "Tell him it's Rose Fleming or Wilson or whatever Rose is calling herself today."
"You think that will work."
"I know it will."
Hurst shook his head. "I'm puzzled."
"It's a long story, McCrea will tell you more about Rose than I can. Now get going."
"Paperwork, I'll need acquisition papers to pick up Rose Blake."
"I'll arrange for some, they'll be in your email inbox, I will have to ask Albert Hollis for a favour."
Hurst stood to leave, he walked toward the exit tunnel, he turned nervously back to Stanton. "Ahhh, one more thing."
Stanton stood up and sighed. "Bruce I know you very well, you set it up, out with it."
Bob Fields and his family rolled up at Heathrow airport last night."
Stanton closed his eyes and shook his head. "Oh crap, I asked them to stay home, the children are too venerable, and we don't have the back up to support such risk." 
"You do remember Anna and Dylan own Flaxmead."
Stanton sat down looking dejected. "I have that many things tugging at my heart strings it hurts Bruce. I wouldn't let Jodi come for the same reason. Do you have someone you can put on them?"
"Bella asked for the job."
Stanton held his face in his hands, his elbows on his knees. "Bella." he muttered and let out a heavy sigh.
"She did find and successfully do a stand over on Reichmann just as you asked."
"Bella can stand over any man and make them talk and that's all she has to do."
"If you want it hush hush she's the only one."
Stanton nodded slowly and slightly. "Ask Bella to hook up with the Fields immediately and never leave their side."
"What about Rose, she'll want to be with Bella."
"Send Rose to meet the desk sergeant in Lexington and have him under control when McCrea gets there."
"Why, what if she doesn't want to go."
"Tell her McCrae will be picking her up after her assignment."
"Will that make a difference?"
"Try it."
"Ohh, that sure ah. I still don't understand, we are going to get Rose Blake." 
"McCrea is our creed Bruce, if we tell him Rose Fleming needs his help I wouldn't bullshit, Rose Fleming will be there, he deserves the truth. We may need far more from McCrea in the near future. My guess is he's in Ascot looking for someone, he's been on a case for a couple of years now. Do you know how many names I have spinning round in my head. I'll tell you one thing, Jean Forbes husband has an alias and is tied up in this somehow. He's operating out of Germany and has been in contact with Stillwell, that you need to know, download the latest picture of a one Lincoln Forbes, I believe he is using Karl Spencer's identity at times."
"Are you sure."
"If I wasn't sure I wouldn't have told you."
"I'll dispatch Bella immediately and get going." 
"We need remember our focus is on getting Flaxmead into the starting gate this morning."
The air was quiet for a few seconds and Hurst read Stanton's face. "I've known you for a long time John, that look, something else is driving your thoughts."
"Ever since my boy was killed in Libya, I've been looking for the person who sent him on the suicidal mission; I think I have a lead."
"God help them should you find the person." 
"I need six cherries lined up before I act Bruce you know that, I don't think Louise Legrande will be as meticulous."
"So I ass......."
"I've told you more than you need know Bruce for a reason." 
Hurst pouted with a nod leading to a warm smile. Hurst faded in the dim light of the passageway. 
 
  
  
CHAPTER EIGHT
Royal Ascot was a picture, Stanton stood on top of the float in the driveway of the Ascot police station opposite the main entrance on the other side of the road. He had for month's concocted plans and thought of ways to access the parade ring just before the race. Ascot was a difficult place to work from a horse float, all places a float could access without to much fuss were a long way from the parade ring, Stanton scraped them all in favour of a bold attention grabbing plan under the nose of officialdom. The media and officials buzzing around the decoy float nestled among others in the parking area safely inside the Royal Ascot complex were becoming agitated. The float had been there for over two hours and no horse or person had made an appearance, no one directed any attention to the arrival of a plain float identical to the mobile billboard grabbing all the attention in the driveway of the police station. A British bobby stuck his head out of the police station door, upon seeing the float he walked to the driver's door; he looked at the number plate a second time, overseas registration he was unfamiliar with. He tapped on the window and Hildebrand opened with a smile. "Can I help you lad."
The Bobby was a London cockney, a young corporal. "You can't park this here mate, move immediately or you'll get done two hundred quid." Stanton looked down from the top of the float and startled the young police officer at the same time the rear ramp of the float struck the ground and Jessica Flametower led Flaxmead onto the tarmac of the drive way in view of the officer with Lindy Cumberland aboard. Trainer Graham and his wife Liz Harper appeared with bundles of paperwork under their arms and stood next to Flaxmead, Flaxmead reared up and the cry of the Banshee ripped through the stadium. The young officer put his hands on his hips. "Who's horse is this."
Stanton spoke down to him with a smile. "That is no ordinary horse, that's Flaxmead. In around an hour or so Flaxmead will run here at Ascot. We have brought the horse here, in this manner, to avoid the possibility of threats on the horses wellbeing materialising." Stanton climbed down foot holes and handles in the side of the float to the ground just back from the cab and looked in the face of the officer, now looking blank and bewildered. He shook the young officer's hand. "John Stanton, and you are."
 "Tr....Trevor."
Stanton gestured toward the gathered, this is Flaxmead whom as you could hear is quite pleased to be here, strapper Jessica Flametower." Jessica waved and smiled. "Mr and Mrs Harper Flaxmead's trainers and on board jockey Lindy Cumberland. You have already met Ross Hildebrand." Ross climbed out of the cab standing next to Stanton with a nodding smile. "We need to cross the road and enter the complex, I thought under the circumstances of threats of harm to Flaxmead, you could stop the traffic and supervise our crossing."
"Blimey, I got a hundred quid on this thing mate." Several other officers had come out of the station and stood wide eyed in the driveway. The officer walked to a sergeant and explained. 
The sergeant a rank cockney walked over to Stanton his entourage in tow. "I am disgusted with what I have read in the papers about threats to this horse, we'll have none of this bollocks here mate." He turned to his associates. "Right you lot, sort yourselves out, block the road off and escort this horse and staff across to the complex."
"There's two pandas pulled up in the road sarg, they can't get up the drive way."
 "Pull em across the road, block the road completely, hold up all traffic." The street became a hive of activity as traffic was halted and an increasing police presence lined each side of the road to the main gate."
Flaxmead was led across the road, the sergeant accompanied Stanton as they led the group. "Just between you and I sergeant, how much has the station waged on Flaxmead."
The sergeant looked over both shoulders. "Two thousand quid that I know of, also sir, many years ago you trained my son, he's a lance corporal now, doing well."
They reached the gate and were stopped by gate officials.
"I didn't catch your name sergeant."
"Briscoe, Reginald Briscoe."
"An, private Briscoe, unit one, I remember him well, a fine lad."
A tall thin grey haired man approached them wearing a grey suit and id badge Clerk Of Course. He spoke with an opulent plum in his mouth. "What an earth is going on here, this ruckus was brought to my attention."
Harper handed some papers to the gentleman, he glanced through them, looked at Flaxmead and Lindy smiled at him. "Good Lord, this is most unusual."
The sergeant chimed in. "Never mind about that mate, causing a disturbance here, can we get this horse to where it's supposed to be."
Recovering from shock the gentleman pointed direction. "Of course follow me."
The sergeant pointed to a group of officers behind him. "You bleddin idle shower, follow this horse and don't let it out of your sight, anything happens to that horse other than run the race, and you'll be doing traffic in Brixton for duration."
"Right sarg." The officers walked with the group discussing strategy. 
Stanton slapped Briscoe on the shoulder. "The float."
"You win that race and you'll be far less popular with the establishment than you already are, you'll need it quick smart mate. It's impounded under investigation right where it is, till you need to drive it away."
Stanton chuckled and left the smiling sergeant to return to his duties.
There was a meeting in the operations room, board members including Stillwell were present, they were interrupted by a knock on the door and a burly man in a suit burst in. "John Stanton parked a float in the driveway of the Ascot police station ten minutes ago, Flaxmead has entered the parade ground, the place has gone mad."
Stillwell discussing the scratching of Flaxmead threw his pen on the table and sighed. The course legal representative burst in the door and confronted Stillwell. "I just had a call from a one Anthony Stanton, Sydney Barrister. He brought my attention to scratching clauses in the contract signed for the appearance of Flaxmead, why would he do that." He waited stern faced for an answer.
There was silence and still as the gathered studied Stillwell's face. "There's no problem, there's no scratching, and I have no further comment."
"This is the biggest crowd we've ever had here, revenue in all areas is way up, The biggest press contingent ever from areas of the globe we only dreamed of reaching, what's wrong with you man you should be bathing in champagne. I have informed Stanton lawyers everything is fine and Flaxmead is in the parade ground."
Stillwell smiled at the two men. "Thank you gentleman would you leave us." They left, the lawyer slammed the door behind him."
  A worried face at the table directed his scowl at Stillwell. "What now."
"We go and watch a horse race gentleman, not much more we can do. This Flaxmead will no doubt set a new record here, in May next year the horse will go to the US in a one on one race with the American unbeaten thoroughbred Thunderbolt. Two major Middle East stables will now scratch their runners in the King George. Things were made very clear to me, they did not want to take on this damn horse at this event and loose."
"Doesn't make any sense, if they wish to reap the fruit you have to shake the tree."
"Would appear there is more to it than I anticipated, I am now extremely concerned about things."
Stanton stood inches from Lindy at the weigh in. He mounted a nearby viewing rostrum overlooking the parade ring, he never took his eyes off her or Flaxmead. As Lindy mounted for the race, two strapper's led Flaxmead to the course access lane, Jessica Flametower and Kalika Palmer, Roger Palmer spoke with the most elite making a point of passing him in the member's area. As Lindy passed Stanton she smiled and winked, Flaxmead entered the course and cantered toward the starting gate. Stanton felt helpless, although he watched her every move he knew help should it be needed was out of reach in time to do any good. Flaxmead played up and the crowd was becoming verbal and restless, Flaxmead had drawn the outside gate and the favourite Royal Ransom the inside. A complaint was lodged regarding Flaxmead's aggressive manner behind the starting gate; the clerk of the course tore it up. Flaxmead was the last in, the light came on, Stanton turned away leaning on the rail of the rostrum and listened to the very English race caller, a celebrity guest for the occasion and not a professional race caller but with a life ambition to call the race. 
'They are under starter's orders and away in this years King George, and it's the outside barrier flashes to the lead and takes the rail the Australian stallion Flaxmead. I have a little difficulty hearing myself over the crowd, never experienced such an atmosphere, amazing how much noise a few Australians can make. Favourite Royal Ransom way back in the field as Flaxmead continues to set a cracking pace, the field suffering several scratching prior to starters orders leaving gaps between the gates some taking advantage, Royal Ransom pulls to the outside shadowed by Flushing Meadow and Celtic Storm. New Zealand stayer Won-Tolla second this horse has come close to the Australian champion Flaxmead on more than one occasion, but still a commanding performance from the unbeaten Flaxmead. Good lord at the half mile a new course record by nearly two seconds. It's Flaxmead from Won-Tolla closing on Won-Tolla Sinead Courtney aboard the Irish stayer Malachi, she's pushing up the field at an alarming rate the only grey in the field. Its still Flaxmead, Won-Tolla, American sprinter El Toro, Nathaniel a previous winner of this event, midland stayer Crossbow, Celtic Storm, Flushing Meadow, Royal Ransom boxed in by the Australian and just as I mention it Celtic Storm draws clear and Royal Ransom comes off the rail and goes with her and at the mile Flaxmead sets a new course record of, hang on, nearly three seconds that would explain the current ten lengths to Won-Tolla. This really is a cracking pace what, of all the races I get to call its one that breaks records here at Ascot. Prince Sinbad moves up with Persian King changing places with Lords Play and Limerick champion steeplechasers. Flaxmead continues to power on, now a good fifteen lengths clear of the of Won-Tolla pressed by Malachi and Sinead Courtney moves into second place from Won-Tolla, nearing the two mile and Royal Ransom is pushing up flanked by the Australian pair Celtic Storm and Flushing Meadow. Malachi draws clear and Nathaniel moves past Won-Tolla to take third place closing on the Irish stayer. Royal Ransom pushing Celtic Storm and Flushing Meadow but the Australians go with the Brit champion, Royal Ransom pulls clear, past Won-Tolla, presses Malachi into second place with four furlongs to go and we have a new two mile record by over three seconds set by Flaxmead." The caller stood up in amazement. "The little girl on Flaxmead or indeed that's what she looks like form this distance has hunched down notably behind his ears and he has shot to the outside rail as he enters the final straight, good lord have a look at that horse go never seen anything like it, that is an incredible kick, no chance of Royal Ransom catching him now but he's having a damn good try. And that's it ladies and gentleman, Flaxmead ridden by Lindy Cumberland they call the pocket rocket wins this year King George by a massive margin of around twenty five lengths shattering the previous record by Harbinger of 2.26.78 seconds, the course record now standing at 2.22.4 a start to finish whitewash that will be hard to beat. Second and just outside Harbingers record is Royal Ransom, a magnificent run jockey Lester Elliot followed by Sinead Courtney aboard Malachi, Sinead Courtney the first jockey to ever ride Flaxmead made the statement at the time and on British soil, give me that horse and I'll give you the world. Well the world called and Flaxmead answered, it is indeed the best horse in the world that won here today.'
Stanton took solace in Lindy Cumberland's beaming face, she ran to him to be taken to weigh in when she dismounted in the winners circle. She embraced her rock. "He just ran Mr Stanton, all I could do was hide behind his ears, I didn't laugh, I never said a word after light. He was like a rocket, all I could hear was his hooves I was concentrating so hard. I realised what we'd done when I passed Anna and Dylan at the post. Wow we won the best race in the world." Stanton put his arm around her and led her to the weight in. Lindy noticed Winston Blake was absent, he stalled talking about it too much changing the subject. Correct weights were given and as Stanton and Lindy returned there was Bella, looking over the Anna, Dylan and their parents like a bird of prey. She saw Stanton and tossed her hair to one side with the look of a vixen, Lindy noticed. "Do you know that lady Mr Stanton?"
"Yes I do poppet."
"She's very beautiful."
"Yes."
"How do you know her?"
"I went to school with her."
"Oh that's Bella."
He looked into Lindys eyes. "You know, someone's told you. You enjoy your day poppet because we can't always have what we want, we must focus on what we need. Need and want are a long way apart."
Lindy looked puzzled. "I hope I know what you mean one day Mr Stanton."
"When will you call me John?"
"Never Mr Stanton, you will always be Mr Stanton to me."
"You better go over to Flaxmead, the Queen is looking at him, and she will want to meet the pocket rocket."
"Oh goodness what will I say?"
"Whatever you want, today is your day and if it's your day its mine."
Lindy hugged Stanton. "I love you Mr Stanton."
"I love you too poppet." Lindy made her way to the winners circle from the rail, a few metres; she was greeted by the Queen. 
Harper left Flaxmead after meeting the Queen walking over to Stanton, he took Stanton's arm and led him from earshot. "I just had a call from American rancher Hank Bryce, owner of the American horse Thunderbolt. He wants a one on one in May of next year at the Kentucky Derby meeting in the US."
"What do you think?"
"Bryce said he often argues with his wife but not the American president, apparently the president was on the phone soon as the race finished."
"Makes no difference to us what the president thinks, what do you think."
"Bryce really believes his horse is better."
"Did you tell Lindy?"
"Yes, I did mention it to try the water."
"What did she say?"
"Bring it on dude."
They laughed. "I must admit I haven't felt so good for a long time when I saw her beaming face when she rode into the winners circle here."
"I mentioned it to the Fields."
"What did they say?"
"They must have heard Lindy."
"Its ten months to next May, the focus is getting Flaxmead back home. Get Flaxmead and we'll put him in the float and get going, were not out of the woods yet. There are a lot of pissed of looking flamboyant types getting around. Call this Bryce and get the ball rolling, I'll be there. I have to find Winston and his daughter, god knows where they are. Has anyone had a call?"
Harper shook his head with a pout. "No, haven't heard anything."
Stanton climbed over the rail and headed towards Flaxmead. "Come on lets go."
In the early hours of darkness a jumbo transporter landed at Foulness Island, three vehicles climbed the ramp and the nose cone closed. It took to the air bound for Australia. Dave Burrows peeked out his window at the dull lights of the giant plane in the distance; he went into the Garden and watched it lift off and vanish into the night. He walked toward his tractor thinking of the prestige in telling his story from the bar stool of the local pub. He sighed as he climbed the ladder to his cab and muttered to himself. "Dahh, no one would believe me like." 
CHAPTER NINE
And Flaxmead was returned safely to Shangri La in the Hunter Valley, the legacy of his adventure was a treasure to all, except Stanton, a can of worms was the Ascot bequest for him. He spent several days scanning information, Rose Blake had disappeared so had Winston her father, then out of the blue his facial scanning system operating from his satellites picked up Rose Fleming and Bret McCrea from airport surveillance cameras at Sydney airport. Three hours later they knocked on Stanton's door at Bar Beach Newcastle. Stanton expected them and spoke from behind their backs as they waited at the mansions door. "You're late."  
 Rose scantily clad and smelling like a flower riddled garden in the Lake District jumped out of her skin turning to see who it was holding her bosom with wide eyes. She saw Stanton with a menacing grin. "Bloody hell John, you scared the shit out of me."
"Go in the door, its open, walk straight down the hall last on the right into the kitchen" McCrea shook Stanton's hand as Rose pushed the door and walked inside followed by Bret, Stanton closed the door behind them following them to the kitchen. Jodi was out, a godsend as she detested Rose and knew she lived with Bella.
Rose rummaged through the fridge, found some celery, she pulled a stick out and bit into it. "Mmmm, god I'm starving." 
"Would you like a coffee Rose?"
"I'll fix it, Bret needs to talk not eat."
Stanton sat down at the breakfast bar next to McCrea, his wide Texan accent echoed round the walls. "I got a bit of a problem."
Stanton shook his head, still in his dressing gown he looked down then back at Bret. "Go on."
"Rose had the staff at Lexington precinct eating out of her hand when I arrived. This Winston guy, lovely man, had all the paperwork. While he was dealing with the small print they got the Roses mixed up and brought me this Rose, I was surprised, made them suspicious. They went to fetch Rose and Winston Blake and they'd gone. Rose's diplomatic immunity gave us enough time to leave the country. We didn't know where you lived, then I noticed someone I knew at the airport, another FBI agent from Washington. He turned out to be one of our guys that watches' over you, he was going home on leave. A warrant has been issued for me, I explained and he gave us your address and here I am."
"Mmm, I noticed the change this morning, the surveillance vehicle parked in the spot familiar to the replacement, they change every two weeks. Rose you'll have to go home Hurst needs you."
Rose was busy finding things and making tea. "Bloody hell John, what about Bret."
"I'll send you to a place that's pretty safe, an island, be pretty lonesome but little chance of being found. You wouldn't be on the most wanted list. I'll get you back home by May."
"That's a long time."
"Don't worry you'll be busy and clean as a whistle by then."
"My family."
"Can you get word to them to get on a cruise ship for a holiday somewhere?"
"Where?"
"Doesn't matter we can lift them off in international waters."
"You can do that."
"Yeah, helicopters take off vertically."
"You'd do that for me."
"You're of the same creed Bret."
"You sent Rose to Lexington before me."
"Yeah."
"There's more to this."
"Of course."
"And."
"Things are on a need to know basis and you don't need to know."
"I need to talk to Bella Elizabeth Fonteyn."
Stanton looked at Rose, she shook her head, he took it she had said nothing and he made things clear. "About the death of Hank Bronson."
"How the hell do you know that?"
Stanton looked sternly at McCrae. "Bella is of our creed, she got to Bronson before me, go anywhere near her and I'll kill you." Rose smiled her back to them and bit her bottom lip.
McCrea raised his eyebrows. "That's all I needed to know and things are on a need to know basis."
Stanton picked up his satellite phone nearby on the breakfast bar, he called Cadiche. "What is it a body."
"Yea a live one, my place soon as you can."
"What kind of live body."
"FBI agent."
Cadiche grabbed his keys as he stood up. "Interesting be there in a few minutes." Stanton put the phone down.
McCrea looked at Rose as she handed him a coffee. "Who was that?"
"The Cadiche man."
McCrea looked at Stanton, stone faced. "I heard of him."
"He'll take you to an island near here, you won't be able to leave unless you can swim well. You will have communication direct to Cadiche, so we can make sure you have all you need. I need to know as soon as your family go cruising to arrange for their retrieval."
"There's something else in this."
"Of course there is, in May next year a horse from Australia will run a one on one race with a horse at the Kentucky Derby. By that time you'll be clean as a whistle back home and promoted to a level where you can be of great help."
"What." he laughed under his breath. "Are you for real, you'd go to all that trouble for a horse?"
"I like the girl that rides the horse, her face after a race cheers me up." 
"Gotta be somethin else."
"That's a need to know basis and you don't need to know."
"What about Rose."
"Rose will be on her way back to London within an hour." Cadiche stood silently in the doorway behind McCrae. "Cadiche, take Bret to the island, make sure he has contact and all he needs. When his family is within reach I need to know."
Cadiche took off his sunglasses and looked Rose up and down, she smiled at him. "Holy shit, who are you."
"Settle down Cadiche, meet Rose Fleming, or Wilson or whatever else she's using today."
"You told me she was gorgeous, underestimation of the century, is she for real." Rose giggled and blushed.
"Most of hers real, especially her mind, it's the most beautiful part of her, Rose loves everyone."
"You want for I should look after Rose as well."
"Put your eyes back in your head and Take Bret to the island, we don't have much time Jodi will be here soon, she can't stand Rose."
"Shit, fire and ice. This way Bret." Bret stood and shook Stanton's hand, kissed Rose on the check, turned and left with Cadiche."
Rose sat next to Stanton. She put her face in her hands supported by her elbows looking at him, she had learnt well from Bella and wore the face of a Vixen. "How long before your wife gets back."
"Rose, forget it."
"Well bugger it John, I haven't had sex for over twenty four hours."
"My son will pick you up in his chopper and drop you at Sydney airport. Leaving you to travel on a domestic flight is too dangerous."
"I'll be fine."
"I mean for everybody else, at least cant you make a concerted effort to hide some of your private parts."
"I like dressing in this way. I don't know any other way."
Stanton chuckled. "If I wasn't married I could live with you Rose."
"Bella would kill me."
"You need to understand what I mean, you have the innocence of a child. Of all the people of our creed that surround me you are the most innocent. If anyone was to think about harming you I..."
"Like Bella you'd kill them. How long will your wife be."
"Not sure, couple of hours."
"Ill bend over, I can last till I get home then." Bella stood lifted her mini skirt, held the bench edge and bent over exposing her rear, she stood up again and pulled her breast out over her top, then bent over again. She looked at Stanton with a cheeky smile. "Well, this is one Bella will never know about, she told me about Ascot tiger."
Stanton had a huge erection; she had noticed and decided to take advantage. He stood and opened his dressing gown, grabbed Roses thighs and lunged into her, she squealed with relief. "This wont last long Rose, do you know how long I've wanted to do this." He pounded away for a few minutes and delivered with a twinkling eye and moan of relief. Rose orgasmed for over half a minute and lay on the floor recovering, Stanton sat back on the chair at the breakfast bar his back to the wall. "Thank god I got that out of my system." He grappled with his satellite phone and rang Anthony, his son headed for the airport and would be there in less than and hour.
Rose looked up at Stanton. "John, we've done it now, may as well make the most of it." Stanton opened the stairwell in the kitchen floor leading to his basement den. He helped Rose up and led her down the steps, the hatch closed behind him. 
"Strip off." Rose discarded her scant clothing and stood naked in front of him, she dropped his dressing gown and gently lifted her behind onto the computer desk and nestled between her legs, her breasts pushed hard against his chest. He rammed his tongue down her throat with a passionate kiss.
"Ohh John I didn't expect that."
He poised himself and entered her whispering in her ear. "I love you Rose, if this is what pleases you of me so be it."
She held his buttocks with the palms of her hands controlling his speed, he held her at arms length as he pumped away admiring her body, looking it up and down, he grabbed her thighs and moved her upper torso further away for a better view. "I know only three women in the world that look like this and I have them all."
"Why haven't you told me earlier, we've wasted so much time."
"Some things like silence you hadn't mastered, it's okay now. Say one word and the this has to stop."
 She pulled him close and went thrust for thrust with him. "No chance." she muttered. They didn't know how long but they were stopped by getting sore, Stanton's penis was red raw from the pounding he had given Rose, she was up for whatever. "God that was fantastic, I'm buzzing body drugs."
Stanton could hear Anthony circling. "We better dress, Anthony will drop you at a private jet in Sydney and wait till you take off, I'll get Hurst to pick you up." He put on his dressing gown and watched Rose put on her clothes on. He kissed her softly and they made their way up the steps, through the kitchen, across the road as Anthony touched down in the parkland. He helped her into the rear seat and lent over to Anthony, they shouted above the noise. "The Leah hanger, tell Peter straight to Foulness,"
Anthony looked round at Roses smiling face. "Holy shit."
"Yeah exactly, that's Rose Fleming, she looks like that all over." Stanton patted Rose on the leg, climbed out and closed the door. Anthony lifted off headed for Sydney. Rose undid her belt after a few minutes when the chopper maintained heading and height. 
She popped her head between the front seats and looked Anthony in the face. "Hi, I'm Rose."
Anthony's face beamed with delight. "Yes, I have a couple of your movies."
"Really, do you like them?"
"You better believe it."
"Can I sit in the front with you?"
"Why not."
Rose clambered across to the front seat her dress riding up around her crutch and one breast falling out. "Whoops."
"Yep, its you in the movie, I recognise your nipple."
 "How about we cut the crap and get on with it." she ran her hand up his leg and found the bulge. "Wow big boy, this thing flies itself doesn't it."
Anthony became mesmerised with her touch and smell, his breaths grew short. "Yes it does." He turned on the auto pilot and moved to the centre seat clear of the controls, he undid his trousers and pulled them down with his jocks, his erection sprang out, he looked round at Rose, she was naked. She climbed over him, poised his penis and lunged down locking in a tongue kiss. Anthony a big muscle bound man grabbed her thighs and thrust her up and down screaming with delight. "No one can hear us up here."
"I know, I do this allot."
"You're good at it, best I've had."
"Good are you a big boy, I can't fit it all in." Anthony became overwhelmed, he lifted her off and stripped naked, laid her flat across the seat, opened he legs and dived in, she gave a yelp. He buried his head in her breasts and quickly climaxed with a bulls roar giving Rose a royal flush. Rose went into orgasm when she felt the warm mass, she lay limp. "Can you do that again?"
He looked at his watch. "We have ten minutes."
"Head out to sea, I've done this before." Anthony knelt up, changed heading on the auto pilot. Rose played and admired his penis, she went down on him, he groaned and began to harden. She lay back down. "Go for it, I'm really enjoying you, how about you."
"He lunged back into her. "Enjoying it, only got six hours of fuel liable to run out."
"Go go darling give me your fill and take your will."
The jet was on the tarmac outside the hanger, Anthony was over an hour later that he should have been. He shut down and walked Rose to the little jet. "Peter." Rose ran to the pilot putting her arms around him, you taking me home."
"Rose what a pleasant surprise, we better get in the air."
Peter helped her up the short steps from the tarmac. "You know Rose."
"I've flown Rose around many times."
"You never mentioned it to me."
"Things are on a need to know basis" He pulled up the steps and closed the door in haste.
Anthony could see Rose stripping off through the portal windows as the jet fired up, the co pilot was assisting her in discarding her clothing, he could see them embrace and Rose fell back out of sight with the co pilot on top of her. He turned to walk back to the chopper and muttered to himself. "That is the most dangerous women I've ever met and they say Bella is worse, or better depending how you look at it." He had a quick look back as the little jet taxied out of sight. "I'm going home where I'm safe."
Jodi was late, this was unusual for her, Stanton looked at his watch every few minutes, and she failed to answer her phone. Over two hours late Jodi entered the kitchen, Stanton had been in the den and prepared a coffee when the security system told him she was coming down the street. "Your late I was worried."
Jodi froze, she smelt the air, Stanton turned and looked at her. Her eyes sparkled, her hair although brushed was uncharacteristically untidy, her blouse appeared crumpled in places. "Red door." she muttered.
"What."
"Red door, the perfume, its hanging in the air."
"I had visitors."
"Female."
"One of them."
Stanton placed a coffee in next to her on the breakfast bar and they sat down. "Who was it?"
"An FBI agent looking for help."
"The women."
"Rose Fleming."
Jodi's face turned to fire. "She was here."
"Yes, she backed McCrae up in Lexington, brought him back here, he will come in handy, he's on the island, Rose is on the way back to London."
Jodi suddenly broke down face in her hands. She sobbed. "Oh god, I'm sorry John."
Stanton was completely bamboozled and dug for clues, he took one of her hands an held it. "What an earth is wrong, you're late and I know that twinkle in your eye."
She took a napkin from the dispenser on the breakfast bar and used it to dry her eyes, talking spasmodically between sobs, Stanton pushed her buttock length hair back over her shoulders, the hair band she had used for a pony tail was gone. "I have the audacity to fly off the handle about Rose and....." she sobbed.
"Whatever it is you need to tell me."
"I've been with somebody."
"No law against that poppet."
"Stop mothering me John, I've been having sex with a young man."
There was silence for a while. "It's happened before and will probably happen again, I've been away allot, you have needs. You remember when I first came back and you told me about how and where you got information."
"Don't remind me, god I'm a whore, my father would be disgusted."
Stanton raised his voice and sat upright. "Your father was not exactly whom you thought he was and you use him as a pedestal, we are human beings not robots."
"Your angry with me."
"You'd like me to be but no."
"It's not the first time."
"Do you want to get it off your chest?"
She looked at him, nervous and broken. "Young men are chatting me up, all of a sudden I like it, I've tried to stop but..."
There was silence. "But you enjoy it."
She snapped at him. "Yes, there I've said it, I'm a damn whore like Bella and that blonde thing that was here."
"Firstly young men have chatted you up all your life, look in the mirror Jodi, what do you see. You probably see something different than a young man."
"I've been dressing to attract them."
"I've noticed."
"What are you going to do, for gods sake don't hurt them."
"What would that achieve, nothing, we are many different people during our lives and sometimes we don't like who we are. There are times I couldn't even look in the mirror."
"Well I don't want to look in the mirror, id see a....."
"You're glowing."
"Don't be absurd."
"We've been together more or less from birth, we are sixty four, believe me I know when you're glowing."
She looked at him with despair in her face clasping his hands in hers. "God John what if Lola finds out."
He chuckled. "I do....."
"This is not a laughing matter."
"I don't think it's an issue, Lola does not need to know the details of her mother's sex life. She does not need to know."
"What if she finds out and tries the same thing."
"You've been a journalist too long, mind your own business when it comes to personal matters."
The room went silent. "You don't care, if I'm off with some young man and he's ravishing my body you don't care."
"What a load of rubbish, what I do think is life would go on far better if I didn't know."
"What if he had something, some disease?"
"You're too smart for that you would know more about the person than he does."
"Will you stop that, for god sake I just had sex with someone I hardly know, can't you at least show some disapproval."
"You're enjoying this."
"I beg your pardon."
"Your nipples are sticking way out, your not wearing your bra and you probably have no panties on."
She stood up. "How dare you."
"If it's not true I'll say sorry."
She sat down and turned her head away, then back at him, she looked down. "I thought I put my bra back on."
"And."
I stopped wearing panties a few months ago."
"I noticed. Believe me I've studied the best they all wear no panties."
"You're going to tell me why aren't you."
"You're aroused again."
"Well, mr smart arse."
"Because all you have to do in a spontaneous situation is bend over, a few seconds hesitation removing clothes and you may start thinking straight."
She looked away blinking profusely, her nostrils flared. She turned back with the look of a vixen. "What do I do John, I want to have sex with most of the young men I see."
"I don't know, I want to have sex with about every woman I see, but I don't."
"You never told me that."
"You never told me that either."
"It only happened recently."
"How did it feel when you were using yourself to get information years ago?"
"Did you have to bring that up?"
"Well."
"You weren't around."
"Now back to where we started, we have needs and we become different as life goes on. The fact you consider yourself a whore at the moment is exciting you, while you go through this stage keep it to yourself."
"You don't mind."
"Its not that I don't mind, what would it achieve if I did, nothing, drama and I have enough of that in the public domain. You have to stop watching the Bold and the Beautiful."
"Do you think I'm like Brooke Logan?"
"Ah, what's it like to be like Brooke Logan. You are nothing like Brooke Logan, for a start you make her look like a dog and secondly you are real and she is fake, an actor. If you want to act don't tell me about it."
There was silence for a while, Jodi twiddled with her cups handle. "When I was younger, when we first married, I thought people who were sixty didn't have sex at all."
"Well we know a lot different now."
Jodi lent back in her seat looking sternly at him with her head slightly to one side. "You still have your dressing gown on."
"I've been in the den all day, studying surveillance, sorting out information, communicating with MI, home alone and busy, so I didn't dress."
"Who took McCrea?"
"Cadiche."
"And Rose."
"No Anthony flew her to Sydney."
"Cadiche and the chopper here at the same time, not like you to draw so much attention."
"Rose had to wait for Anthony."
"Really, how long?"
"About an hour or so."
"You were here with Rose Fleming for an hour with a dressing gown on."
"Yes."
"That must have been a strain."
"Why don't you just ask while the irons hot."
"I don't want to know."
"You're still enjoying this."
"You bastard, you had her didn't you."
"Do you know how long I've wanted to have that woman? Sound familiar when you think of the fit young man you cougared, does feel good to be Brooke Logan doesn't it, you with me. Some have got close lately, you checked them out, isolated them and took advantage of them, they may have wives or girlfriends. When you jumped astride them did that ever enter your mind?"
"John stop."
"Rose is one of the sweetest natured people I have ever met, she doesn't have a single nasty bone in her body, and she has an affliction for the body's natural endorphins. She doesn't drink, she doesn't smoke she likes sex, lots of it, she's hooked. No man can resist her that's why we get her to do what she does, she's good at it one thing being it doesn't bother her, its a skill. I wondered and wanted for years, today I found out. She bent over right here, no doubt she felt just like your young men, what's the problem."
"Bella, what about Bella, while the irons hot Casanova."
"You know I've been with Bella on and off for eternity. I married you because I love you, I can't resist Bella because, I want Rose for the same reason. Now if you really want to sort it out, what happened with these young men?"
   "I can't believe it, I studied them, bought clothes they liked, flaunted myself in front of them, they became putty in my hands. I fondled and kissed them to see how big they were, I gave them access to my most private parts but starved them of satisfaction. Then I let them loose on me, it was wonderful. Do you still love me?"
"Of course I do."
"What are you going to do?"
"Take you upstairs, slowly remove your clothes and....."
Jodi flew at him holding him against the wall by the shoulders, she wore the look Bella used, her hair flowed down around him. "I need to be punished, rip my clothes off and throw me to the ground, teach me a lesson I've been naughty." He put his hands inside her blouse and ripped it down her shoulders exposing her breasts, she stepped back lifting her short skirt above her pubic hair. "Keep your hands off me you bastard, I'll call the police." He dived at her and they fell to the floor she sat astride her legs ripping her clothes off and hurling them around the kitchen, he stood over her when she was naked, threw his dressing gown to the wall.
"You bitch, open your legs."
"Don't you touch me you randy basta...." 
He knelt, prized her legs apart, lay between them and gently inserted his penis. She groaned with pleasure. "Oh John ravish me I'm a whore." He gently commenced pumping. She dug her nails in his back and went trust for thrust. "God I'm having an orgasm." She screamed her lungs out and fell limp. He lay on her, his erection embedded.
"Tell me when you want more."
She still grazed his back with her nails pulling holding him tight. "My god, I've never felt such a rush. I want more." 
An hour past, they lay with there heads on each others shoulders on the lounge watching the TV. "You're quiet princess."
"I have a lot to think about."
"I have a hell of a lot of work to do, can you help."
"I'm trying to come to grips with who I am."
"Well while your thinking of that remember, Winston Blake is missing."
"Poor man, if I were he I wouldn't want to be found for a while."
Stanton sat up and leant forwards. "I've been thinking the same thing. I'm using every camera I can in Kentucky to try to find him."
"I would have thought he would have at least contacted us."
"No, Winston's been around us far to long to trust the phone and internet. He has his daughter and no one is going to take her away from him."
"Could be the best thing."
"Rose Blake has information we need."
"Have you any idea what."
"I have suspicions but insufficient evidence. Taking Flaxmead to the US is going to be tricky. More reasons than saving face to do away with us all, the Americans know Rose Blake is loose. I'm on the verge of finding the bastard that sent our boy to Libya." 
Jodi looked down and closed her eyes. "In the US?" she looked up. 
"No, far more sinister than that, I have to go to London."
"Was Rose that good?"
"Jodi! Reichmann came up with a very interesting piece of information when interrogated."
"The vixens extract what they wanted."
"Jodi, we've just been through all this..."
"Well damn it John I'm trying hard, I hate myself again."
Stanton sighed and blew wind through his lips. "Yeah, I know what you mean."
"Focus, Idris Nasih has a brother, I didn't know that and I think he's the king pin."
"What makes you so sure?"
"A year before we caught Idris Nasih and gave him to Hurst Bella did a job in Dubai, she ran into trouble and we had to retrieve her. She left her bag behind, it had the gun I had made for her in it, no other weapon around like it, a Colt peacemaker converted to take 44 magnum shells with a replica barrel and chamber but in the calibre of 44 instead of 45. Nasih had the weapon when I captured him."
Jodi lent forwards next to him and lent on his side. "He could have got it anywhere.'
"True but someone must have brought it into the country, Nasih would never have been able to hide it when returning from overseas."
"Could have been smuggled in anywhere along the coast."
"Exactly, Port Hedland to be exact. We stopped a truck load of arms coming down from Port Hedland and a swag of drugs. We still have the driver of that truck and Idris Nasih. Reichmann also told us that Nasih's brother also uses an alias Hadar Mukum, I found a customs entry record in Port Hedland for Mukum a day before the truck left for Sydney."
"Might have been Hadar whatever his name is on holiday or something?"
"Not much chance of that, I shot and burnt Hadar Mukum at Canberra airport, he was after Marshal Tucker. He was a hit man x Lebanese army linked to arms dealers."
"Not much of a lead."
"Ahh, but it confirms Nasih and the truck driver are not telling us all they know or think it's too trivial to mention. There minds don't work like ours." 
"Okay, I'm convinced you need to go to London."
"When I come back I want you to leak a story on my visit and mention Nasih."
"Would that not depend on what you find out?"
"Whoever reads the story will make assumptions on what I found."
"Can I come to London?"
"No way princess."
"Dam it John why."
"For the same reason you couldn't go to Ascot, you are the biggest bait on the planet to have me do something stupid. If they get hold of you the entire network will crumble, Id do anything to get you back. Same reason I won't let the boys out of the country, we know what happened to the last one that tried."
"What about the vixens."
"I'm going to stay with them."
"What! John for gods sa...."
He gently grabbed her shoulders and looked in her eyes. "We are becoming more conspicuous and have been lucky to now. They know you, they know me, and they know Bella and Rose, that is the last place they would expect to find me because, you answer that question."
She looked at him with realisation. "I would attempt to destroy us, and probably succeed."
"They probably know you are seeing young men and working out how to manipulate that right under our nose. You have always been the target, not me, for once they have you all is lost."
"They could have done the same with Bella and don't tell me any different."
"They have, none lived to tell the tale and Bella can look after herself and you can't."
"I can look after myself."
"In a board room, at a press conference, no problem, could you kill a person without even thinking about it?"
"Why would I want to... oh god." Her shoulders slumped down and she dropped her head.
"While you are moving around here you are pretty safe, Cadiche, the boys, my tails, they would be mad to try something."
"What I've started to do is dangerous, you knew didn't you."
"If you really want to explore your sexual preferences then at least let me make sure you're okay."
"You'd do that for me, what kind of a bitch am I. My husband would supply me with toys that gratify. Why don't you stay home more and be there when I need you."
"I haven't got that much jam princess, take me three days to get over what happened here today."
"John really."
"I can send some young men that will blow your brains out, a session with one of them and you'll lie around all day purring like a kitten."
"John that's disgusting." 
"If they get hold of you love, I hate to think what they would do with you and they know that. You better think about it because I'm leaving for a few days and they are liable to know."
"I generally stay home with the security system on and Cadiche sends patrols past of a night."
"Common knowledge, the new habits not so common, could destroy everything."
Jodi sighed. "I'll stay home till you get back."
"You have the satellite phone you can talk to me any time."
She hugged him. "All right, god what a day. When will you leave?"
"From Sydney just after midnight."
"The plane is on its way to London, how will you get there."
"I can't tell you anymore, the risk is now too high, if something happens to you they must not know where I am or any information that could give them a clue."
"Bloody hell why don't I think of these things before I go prancing around the place dressed like a bloody....oh shit."
"I need to get a couple of hours rest."
"If I come up with you won't sleep, my libido is bothering me, what the hell is going on with me."
"Some kind of hormone imbalance, menopause, you've done a gearbox or something, I'm quite enjoying the problem truthfully."
Jodi started giggling and laughing to near fits. "John really." She stood up and started to lead him up the stairs still laughing. "I'll suck you to sleep."
"No, please, don't." 
Jodi fell over on the stairs laughing out loud. "You won't get any rest I'm going to eat you."
He picked her up gently in his arms and carried her looking into her laughing face. "No, look, em, stop that."
"John you're making me laugh, this is a serious matter." he reached the bed and dropped her onto the lush quilt. She pulled the towel off tucked around her breasts, he took of his dressing gown and lunged his head between her legs. "John what are you doing, ohhh, ohh my god. You've haven't done this in a long time."
He pulled away from her pubic region. "You wouldn't let me." and dived back in.
"Oh what a difference a day makes."

 
CHAPTER TEN
At a meeting of the full Ascot board Stillwell was just a face in the crowd, he had little control just minority influence. Miles Chesterton CEO was busy summing up the King George race meeting. A man of private and political influence at thirty five he was young for such a role, an Oxford academic from the public school system many had opposed his posting but Chesterton had powerful allies. He ran his optic nerve across the agenda on his notes on the table before him, looked up with a stern gaze at Stillwell, Chesterton, cleanly shaven with short jet black hair had a slight military fashion about him that had impressed certain members of the aristocracy. "Now we come to a rather distasteful point for open discussion, in the lead up to this years King George an ominous plot to eradicate the horse Flaxmead was aired in the press. No matter what we attempted to convince the media and the Harper stable remained hostile to our hospitality. Further to the point, two leading middle eastern stables withdrew their entries expressing concern regarding security for their entries." Chesterton glared at Stillwell. "Can anyone suggest what would cause such concern and why?"
Several members of the board looked blank faced toward Stillwell prompting explanation. Stillwell looked around with a look of impertinent distain. "The revenue raised by this years King George as previously disclosed in this meeting by the treasurer could be the answer. Harpers stable has solid links to the media in Australia and influence across the globe. A wave of media attention follows this horse wherever it goes and whatever it's involved in, doesn't even have to be an official horse race. The media is already beating up a one on one event in the US involving this horse. Is it not feasible to consider the entire charade conducted by the Harper stable was no more than a clever advertising stunt to attract attention, successfully raising attendance, media coverage and revenue?"
The board's British trainer association representative aired immediate condemnation and a chuckle under his breath. "A horse comes here with a reputation, breaks four course records that we will be chasing for many years to come, breaks overseas attendance records and puts on a show like I have never witnessed and you suggest it's a sham. Pardon me if suggest its poppycock. It was a horse race at a race meeting and that horse can bloody well run like the wind, I think that's more to the point."
 Chesterton continued to glare at Stillwell. "It has come to my attention that board members have conducted meetings regarding course business without taking minutes. Our constitution clearly states all course business will be documented. I am also informed these meetings discussed finance and the Australian horse Flaxmead. If evidence comes to light suggesting or implicating members of this board in such conduct I would ask for support in having those members struck from the members list." There was a resounding 'here here' from the board members, Stillwell said nothing. "I personally spoke to Harper and his head of security John Stanton, I was shocked to hear what they thought of us and the thread of threats they believed to have come from within the board." He hesitated. "This horse is owned by two children, I am determined to get to the bottom of this and should any member or the board wish to talk to me regarding this matter I can assure you it will be in the strictest confidence. I invited Harper to bring the horse back next year and assured him they would walk freely within the complex and the military style operation to protect their horse used by the Australian stable for this year's event will not be necessary. In regard to the backlash I have received over this, would you like me to start with the secretary of state and work down or the commissioner of police and work up. From the moment the race finished I have been working on restoring the reputation and credibility of this establishment." Chesterton looked at his watch. "This meeting has run well over time some two hours, does anyone have any more general business." The room was silent. "I declare the meeting closed."
While this meeting was in progress Stanton had a meeting not so far away, within the isolation cells of a military prison. Questioning of the truck driver involved in the Port Hedland arms shipment a man of dubious accord and X member of the navy now a trucking entrepreneur, he had crossed the line. Interrogation of two years had disclosed he was to be sanctioned. Stanton spoke with him briefly prior to Hurst bringing Idris Nasih into the same cell. "Mr Nasih, long time no see."
Nasih went from a look of bland drudgery to one of terror, Hurst pushed him down onto a chair opposite Stanton. Whilst in solitary for so long Nasih's accent had become more Middle Eastern. "You, what do want?"
"You haven't been telling everything." Nasih sat dead still without expression, his orange coveralls making his dark face stand out in the meagre light. "Abdulla Nasih, your brother, you must miss him." Nasih remained silent. "I saw your young son outside his home, nice spot Auburn." Nasih flew at Stanton lunging into a straight right punch sending Nasih crashing back over the chair. Hurst picked him up manhandling him back to the seat. Stanton used a false name for Hurst. "Bob I believe you are releasing our truck driving friend here."
"Yes, this morning."
"He is of no further use here." Hurst bundled the man out of the cell door, their footsteps faded. A shot rang out, Nasih jumped. "Oh, an attempted escape, how sad." Nasih remained still, blood running from his nose. "You come here with complete disregard for our laws but hide behind them while you do so. If disregard for protocol no matter what it may be you will understand that of late fridges in Sydney households have been blowing up when opened, authorities are trying to get to the bottom of the problem, but I'm not, why would I. I'm the cause of it. With so many lives at steak the next one will be in Auburn." Hurst returned and stood in the doorway.
"You infidel pig."
"I admire people who can hold focus under such strain. When I gave you to the authorities you had a weapon I took from you. There's only one like it, belongs to a female friend of mine, she lost it in Dubai. You have two minutes to tell me where your brother operates from, exactly where, or when I return home, I will sanction your family."
"I don't know what you ask me."
"Then I'll shot you and interrogate your family, nasty business, you can imagine how grief-stricken they will be when I inform them of your death. Exceptionally lavish property for people living on Centrelink payments." Nasih remained silent. "Well your two minutes is up." Hurst handed Stanton a pistol, small irregular shaped weapon. Hurst dragged the truck drivers body in and slumped it beside Nasih, he looked down at it. "Go ahead, see if you can find a bullet hole, or even a scratch. Poor man died of a heart attack. This gun contains a liquid, a deadly toxin, undetectable brings on a heart attack. When the liquid enters the barrel chamber it is frozen solid by liquid nitrogen, fired by compressed air the slither of ice enters your body, dissolves into your cardio vascular system and seconds later your dead. Can be used on anyone without trace." Stanton raised the weapon toward Nasih.
"El Asimah Kuwait!"
"I know the city and suburb, the building."
"Block one, three Rashid." Nasih dropped to his knees in tears and mumbled. "Forgive me brother." He looked up at Stanton. "My family."
Stanton holstered the weapon and put his hand on Nasih's shoulder. "I can't harm them, someone else took them out over a year ago." Stanton watched the grief twist his face.
"You know who did this."
"No, I'm sorry, was in the street war."
"I swear by Allah, if you release me I shall do your bidding for payment in allowing me to find the killers."
They looked at each other faces. "You want me to trust you."
"You want me to trust you, you can find and kill me with ease, I am not such a fool. My family has been denied Allah, you know me, if I make a deal with you, I make a deal."
"The street war is over Idris."
"I read of you, you say only the dead are free of war."
Stanton help him to his feet. "You understand me."
"I read of you."
Stanton peered behind his eyes. "You work for me now, I terminate in a different manner to corporations and governance. Your family is currently a civil matter, get me the information on who killed them."
"I read you do not act on these is it civil matters."
"No but I know somebody who does."
"The Cadiche man."
"Killing a member of the public is a civil matter, killing a child is terminal."
"I find these people for you."
"For us."
"Bob, arrange for his release and transport back to Australia, if you need documents let me know."
"We have his passport, passed on to us by Cadiche, found in a raid in Auburn during the street war."
Nasih turned to Hurst. "Where?"
Hurst looked at Stanton for direction, Stanton thought for a few seconds. "Find out and tell him. Stanton grabbed Nasih's attention by touching his shoulder. "If you do something stupid we cant help, if you run into trouble let us know, ask for Cadiche. As long as you stay clean he can help, once we are sure of the information it's your life."
"I understand."
"Bob can you bring me Renoir."
 "He's said nothing for over a year. You have something to loosen his tongue."
"No."
"Then I suggest you wait, he's no good to anyone dead. He's had that many drugs and interrogation he's a zombie." Hurst called a guard and instructed him to take Nasih to admin and hold him till he got there. The guard took Nasih away. "John what are doing, talking about Renoir in front of Nasih, you must have a reason?"
"A very good one."
"And I don't need to know."
Stanton slapped him on the back. "And you don't need to know Bruce. Has our truck driving navy friend come round yet?"
"He's nursing a headache, this new sedative worked in a few seconds."
"You wouldn't want to get the liquid magazines mixed up."
"No, I'll advise Foulness clear magazine identification is a must, now you mention it the only way I know which is which at the moment, is because, I know the one in the gun is the sedative."
"Has the plastic one of these worked yet?"
"No, the plastics don't like the freezing temperatures."
"They have to come up with one that can bypass metal detectors."
"They're on the case."
"I'm keen on this, could save Bella and Roses life one day."
 Stanton returned to Australia, during the course of incarceration Idris Nasih had been planted with a tracking device, a chip beneath the skin of his armpit but not big enough to be picked up by airport metal detectors. It emitted a faint signal powered by electrolyses from his own body. It was anticipated it would function for five years tuned to a frequency hunted by a satellite system.



CHAPTER ELEVEN
Weeks turned into months, Winston Blake and his daughter could not be found, Rhiannon Faversham would not get to see her father again as he passed away taken by an aggressive cancer. Idris Nasih did not move from western Sydney as was hoped. Stanton was a smidgen from success; it had taken weeks to arrange a raid on 3 Rashid, block 1, Kuwait in conjunction with Jacob Ahmadi, saved from the jaws of death by Stanton many years ago. Jacob now a Kuwaiti government minister shielded MI6 special services operative Jenkins, a veteran of Middle Eastern operations and fluent in Arab tongues. Jenkins entered the dwelling of Abdullah Nasih whilst the address given by Idris while the inhabitants were away, the information was good. He photographed documents, downloaded masses of computer files and planted tracking devices in all the mobile phones and lap tops, was extracted from the country by special services in the middle of the night from Al-Zawr island, the same place American special services marines had used to extract Al Ahmadi Jacobs father in years past, Al Ahmadi was still incarcerated by the Americans. Jenkins was lifted by a British sea king helicopter, dropped on the British guided missile frigate Glasgow in the Persian Gulf, transferred to the American aircraft carrier Karl Vincent in the Arabian Sea, then whisked to Diego Garcia by fighter jet. He was picked up by a civil Australian executive jet, the little jet reported in to Perth airport Australia when in range, Jenkins and the pilot ejected prepared pods of debris that littered the sea surface. The jet dropped to just above sea level and changed course. Hugging the ground in the darkness the jet landed at deserted Gin Gin RAAF field just north of Perth, was refuelled by Jenkins and the pilot with planted drums of fuel and immediately took off hugging the ground bound for Rutherford in NSW. When clear of radar the plane gained height and pressed on. The plane was reported missing long before it landed safely at Rutherford and past valuable information on to Stanton expected to be delivered to MI6 at Vauxhall Cross in London and the CIA in Washington. Stanton had pushed the limits of his power, it had not gone unnoticed. Jenkins was dispatched to a commercial flight back to Kuwait as he on the record he had never left. It didn't take long for the affected to come out of their trenches with bold moves. Knowing they had been had the lid blew off the pressure cooker.
Miles Chesterton only hours from an important meeting with Wilson Hornswaddle and Bartholomew Fothrington was gunned down in broad daylight in the Soho district of London. Idris Nasih had undergone plastic surgery and boarded a plane in Sydney under an Alias bound for Israel. Stillwell tendered his shock resignation to Downing Street as minister for finance and while on route to a German destination was killed in an autobahn accident near Stuttgart, a second vehicle involved in the accident did not stop, all within twenty four hours.
For Stanton it was a disaster, he had taken two steps forward and one step back, he was about to question Stillwell and Chesterton. It would be two days before he could decipher the intelligence gathered by Jenkins, but he found what he was looking for. He flew into a fit of rage, Jodi heard him from the kitchen and raced down the steps into the den. Stanton had ripped a document he had just printed and read to pieces, it was scattered round the den floor. The only consolation was that he was tracking Idris Nasih, his biggest trump card had come to the top of the deck.
CHAPTER TWELVE
Cadiche arrived in person, usually information far too important for any medium of communication other than direct dialogue. After dispensing with polite dialogue with Jodi and Lola on a visit from Hawks Nest they descended to the den. 
Cadiche got straight to the point, out of uniform and in a slick suit the new minister of police looked impressive, his dark skin standing out against the collar of a crisp white shirt. "The cruise ship McCrea's family is on is on the way down the east coast and will be parallel with Bribie Island in Queensland at one tomorrow morning, McCrea is getting restless."
Stanton was cleanly shaven wearing a suit and tie, ready to be seen in certain places. "Anthony will be on the ships helipad at precisely one am NSW time, McCrea's discreet messaging code via phone seems to be working fine."
"Like I said it's taken so long, he's bored shitless."
"As soon as his family is in that chopper two of his superiors will be taken down by their own system and he'll be back in the US inside a week."
"Okay I'll let him know. Why not wait until she's in Cairns and pick her up from the street while she's shopping."
"McCrea has already told us he knows the agent tailing her, they would expect that. If an agents watching her he has no back up on the ship but may have back up in Cairns they'd expect that."
"Why are we going to such lengths to help this guy?"
"In a few months we're going to Kentucky with a horse, a grand friend of ours disappeared there, next week we'll have someone inside the FBI, do you get my drift."
"McCrea's an American patriot, can we trust him."
"Agreed, but he's been shafted by his own creed, I'm sure he'd like a chance to catch up with those people, he knows who they are, we're not sure."
"I have something a bit delicate."
"Really, since when have you handled delicate."
Cadiche hesitated but pressed on. "Couple of young blokes have visited here while your away over the past few weeks, hasn't happened of late but it happened. They weren't here for long."
"I know I sent them."
"Phew, thank god for that."
"They discussed a matter with Jodi, she's having trouble working out a few things like who she is or wants to be at the moment."
"They were psychologists."
"You could say that, last week she was telling me she wanted to go to the Himalayas and meditate with monks in the mountain temples."
Cadiche lifted his eyebrows. "What, is she going?"
"Don't know, waiting for the next instalment, I think she's got that alzei... em menop....." he shook his head. "I don't know I think she's getting better."
"Did the psychologist help?"
"The first one seemed really happy with his consultation but the second one got thrown out."
"Ohh, probably digging a bit to deep and touched a raw nerve."
Stanton coughed slightly. "Yeah, never the less think it helped. She said if another psychologist came round here she'd shot him."
"Shit, pretty strong for Jodi."
"Well I've always said, don't get mad about yourself get angry."
Cadiche lifted one eyebrow. "She does that a lot."
"You don't know her like I do, she's been through a lot, not surprising she's looking for who she is. She's always been someone else for someone else, I've wanted to look after her since I can first remember playing as a child in the gardens of England. She can be whomever she wants, as long as its not in the Himalayas where I have absolutely no chance of looking after her."
Cadiche looked at his watch. "I have a meeting, I still don't trust that McCrea."
"Don't worry, when it comes to Bret we have an ultimate weapon."
"A forty four magnum?"
"No, Rose Fleming."
"He mentions her, asks about her."
"Yes, he could bring his life crashing down in more ways than one."
"Fair enough."
"One more thing, Jean Forbes husband, find him for me."
"He was killed in a car accident in Germany."
"I thought so too, dealing with em.. psychologists, dug up an interesting bit of information from one of them I was screening. He em... consulted with Jean Forbes, she let it slip whilst under em... induced hypnosis' that her husband was away in Germany and she enjoyed herself why he was away."
"That bit I believe."
"I don't know the exact ins and outs of the theory. He's using an alias, Brunner, Forbes maiden name." 
"Okay, how'd you get that out of a psychologist, thought they were bound by secrecy for their clients."
"I didn't Bella did, lucky was just before he met with an unfortunate accident."
"Oh dear."
"Play with fire like Jean Forbes and you get burnt."
"How the hell she got re-elected to office is beyond me."
"Monika Lewinsky and Bill Clinton, raised his profile, among other things. Forbes is well connected, thick skinned and has done really well for her electorate. She's another tool in the toolbox or I would have personally shot her ages ago. Find her husband is all I'll tell you at present. Jean doesn't know it but she's looking into something for me currently."
"Rudolf Brunner."
"Far as we know currently."
Cadiche stood and headed for the steps. "I gotta go, Ill get onto it. Oh before I forget, Creighton went down for five years."
"Wasn't him but if the shoe fits."
"That reminds me, Gustav Fleming, Rose's father, anything yet it's been months."
"No, hasn't come up anywhere. Look I gotta go."
At one am precisely Cunard lines Queen Mary 2 was sixty kilometres directly off the coast of Bribie Island Queensland Australia. The captain was called to the bridge, by the time he arrived a Sikorsky S92 chopper had touched down on the ships helipad. It had come in hugging the sea from the west shrouded in darkness, it came up on the ships radar but could not be seen. It touched down for only a few seconds while a woman and two teenagers climbed aboard, it quickly lifted off dropped to sea level and vanished to the south. The incident was reported to authorities by the ships captain. An FBI agent informed Washington McCrea's wife and children had been lifted from the ship by chopper. Simultaneously information concerning FBI section chief of staff Leonard Wayne fell from the sky and landed on FBI director Glen Cheviots desk in Washington. The information was regarding leaking of classified information to enemies of the American states by Wayne and documents outlining a lucrative real estate portfolio worth over thirty million linked to Leonard Wayne. The information had also been directed to the head of the CIA, an investigation was launched and within twenty four hours Leonard Wayne was arrested by the CIA. Cheviot was spared but sent the information for a reason as he was an accomplice. Cheviot retracted the arrest warrant for McCrea and covered himself when interviewed by the CIA having to favour McCrae for support as Wayne made statements to the CIA implicating Cheviot. Once Cheviot had admitted it was a mistake to have suspected McCrea for alleged misconduct and tabled evidence to seal the case on Wayne. Once Cheviot had been on record and released damming evidence on Wayne he could not go back. Stanton struck again releasing the evidence needed to back up Wayne regarding Cheviot. Cheviot received the same evidence, he disguised himself and boarded a plane to Germany. During the flight he fell under the spell of Bella Elizabeth Fonteyn, no trace has ever been found of him.
McCrea presented himself and family to the American Embassy in Canberra, was pardoned and returned home elevated to area commander of the southern states from California in the west, to Washington in the east including his home state of Texas and Kentucky for the FBI. Before he left he was given two names through Cadiche, CIA agents Dirk Truman and Conrad Wayne by direct conversation. Conrad Wayne was Leonard Wayne's brother; the CIA pair had worked with Stanton before in Pakistan.
Stanton visited Shangri La, when he left Harper rang Bryce owner of American horse Thunderbolt and confirmed the one on one challenge with Flaxmead, the rules of engagement such as even weights as Lindy Cumberland was so small and the exact time the challenge would take place. They agreed on 3 miles, 4.8 kilometres, neither horse had competed at this distance therefore neither horse could be favoured. Harper had studied the race surface at Churchill Downs Louisville where the horses would run and replicated the earthen surface in the back paddock of Shangri La wines below the broken back range, the surface up hill and down dale around the edge of the paddock was around four miles. Lindy Cumberland ran Flaxmead there twice a day since it was finished some three weeks after returning from Ascot. 
By February Lindy discussed a problem with Flaxmead, he was slowing down. They anticipated it was because he had no one to race and running every day at the same time had become mundane. Celtic Storm and Ross Hildebrand had remained in the UK after Ascot now stabled in Edinburgh. Flushing Meadow had been put to pasture at Harpers own property and ridden on a regular basis by Anna Fields. Harper brought in four of the fastest horses he had access to and ran them against Flaxmead in the back paddock at Shangri La, Flaxmead nearly pulled the reins out of Lindys hands to get at them running like the wind and delivering the best time over distance yet on the ramshackle at times dusty track. Gauging definite success was difficult, they were aware Thunderbolt had a gruelling training regime at the very track the race would be conducted on and under the same circumstances, start with no gate. Harper began running Flaxmead with one horse under the same circumstances with no starting gate. Flaxmead would run the horse down then cruise, there was no competition, and they looked for a horse that could push Flaxmead. Harper made the decision that Flaxmead would run an event in Australia two weeks prior to the American challenge. Neither Harper nor Stanton was keen on propaganda, they rather Flaxmead make a statement. 
Stanton troubled by many things was as time ran short visiting the training sessions frequently in an attempt to unwind. He knew information was being delivered to Bryce on Flaxmead's training, he had noticed the sun flashing off the lenses of powerful binoculars atop the broken back range. No matter how he tried he could not find Winston Blake and his daughter, no matter what angle he thought about things it was still a hunt for Rose. Jodi had not yet fully settled from her bizarre behaviour and he did not want to leave her but the last thing he wanted to do was take her with him in harms way. As he organised the plan to get Flaxmead to Kentucky and back the more he learned the less confident he was of success. Bella and Rose were too well known to operate in the areas of need and Hurst was suddenly having problems with Albert Hollis.
Then in a conversation with Jodi she suggested a face book page for Flaxmead, although several existed none were official, Stanton liked the idea of the masses being informed of his progress and whereabouts. It's difficult for governing authority to achieve much where masses of the public are gathered, a massive crowd around a decoy or the real thing could prove an advantage in the right place. Another point that interested Stanton in the idea was it gave Jodi focus; she became quite excited about running this face book endeavour. From the time it commenced Stanton received updates by the minute on the masses of people following the page, Jodi turned into her old self in charge of something she believed in. He gave her information on exactly what bits of information or comment he would be interested in, within a week Flaxmead had broken another record, the biggest following on face book ever recorded.
Lifted by some of the goings on, Stanton received direct contact from Wu Far. Doc Bastard of the Overlords motorcycle club wished to see him urgently. Doc Bastard had not contacted Stanton since the end of the street war. He knew he would not attempt to make contact unless it was of the utmost importance, he left home bound for the Overlords clubhouse in Bondi.
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
Gypsy was watching the club house security monitor, association laws, the street war and public condemnation the club had become hermits. They had become very choosey about whom they opened the door to. Gypsy called out to Doc leaning out the door of the surveillance and security room toward the open living are where Doc was drinking at the bar. "Doc, there is a mean red mustang pulled up outside man, I think it's the man."
Doc scuffled to the monitors, Stanton climbed out of his vehicle closed the door and jacks shot from under the vehicle lifting it clear of the ground and the windows went black. He walked up the short driveway of the innocent looking dwelling. "Yeah that's him."
"Why would he come here?"
"Cause I asked him." 
"You didn't ask us man."
"Shut up Gypsy, last thing I said to him was I would never contact him again unless it was of the utmost importance. Grime and Sheila have been gone for two weeks, got any answers." Gypsy went to leave the room in disgust. "Finish your stint on the monitors." Gypsy stopped in his tracks turned and sat down back at the monitors.
"You think someone's gonna rock up here with batman parked outside."
 "Very funny, you want to tell him you disapprove."
"What I disapprove of man is no consultation."
There was a pounding on the front door. "No one knew he was coming except me for a reason."
Gypsy looked away at the monitors and Doc opened the door and the unbolted the steel outer door. He opened them and Stanton walked in, he waited while Doc closed the doors. Doc said nothing but walked past Stanton signalling with a nod in the direction he was going. Stanton followed they walked past a silent bar, Stella was sitting on a lounge by the pool table, she forced a smile at Stanton, Stanton noted the air of despair etched on her face. They entered a back room and doc closed the door, there was a table and four modest chairs, nothing else. Stanton walked around the walls looking up. "The place is clean."
Stanton sat down opposite Doc. "How are you Doc, not so good I feel."
"Thanks for coming."
"I suggest you have something important to tell me."
"Grime and Sheila vanished two weeks ago."
"Mmm, run unhappy with things, taking time out to think about things....."
"We checked all that, besides we think Sheila is bent."
Stanton thought. "What makes you so shore?"
"I've been suspicious of a few things for about six months, she started going off by herself, and we don't go out without someone with us."
Stanton pouted and lent his head to one side. "Go on."
"I followed her three weeks ago to a coffee shop on in Bondi Junction, she meet that Jean Forbes sheila, the one that just got re-elected to Canberra."
"Now I'm interested."
"Forbes had two blokes with her."
Stanton chuckled. "Tell me something I don't know." 
"A rag head and some other bloke I think he's a minister, don't know his name, don't interest me I hate the bastards."
"That's scant Doc."
"Forbes introduced this rag head to Sheila, I heard his name."
"And."
"Jacob Ahmadi."
Stanton looked broken. "You're sure."
Doc short nodded quickly. "Yeah, plain as day."
"Do you have a computer I can go on line with."
"Yeah." They  walked across the hall to a room opposite, it had pin ball machines and poker machines around the walls. In the corner was computer desk with a computer screen and keyboard. Doc gestured with his hand and Stanton sat down. The computer was live and Stanton accessed the net. Doc was flabbergasted by his keyboard speed, in two minutes a picture came up on the screen of a Middle Eastern man.
"This him."
Doc leaning on the chair by Stanton's shoulder shook his head. "No."
Stanton brought up six pictures at once of different faces, Doc pointed to one immediately. "That's him." Stanton blew the picture up full screen. "Yeah that's him, slick looking bastard. Is that the bloke you thought it was?"
"No." Stanton ran his hand through his hair then logged out of the net." He stood up. "Thanks for showing me anyway."
"Can you just come across to the other room for a minute?" They left the computer and returned to the table, Doc closed the door behind them, he stood against it. "You remember the limo drivers at the wedding."
"Yes I do. You know them as Geoffrey and Dutch."
"Phew, that's some memory."
"You want to know if they left your friends in your unit to die and saved themselves. They are the only ones that made the submarine other than you."
"How did you know I wanted to know?"
"Because if I were you I'd want to know that as well."
"It's eating my guts out."
"Corporal Dutch Henderson and Sergeant Geoffrey Millard are dead."
Doc looked shocked. "Jesus." he shook his head looking at the floor. "How?"
"Some things you just don't need to know. However as I am aware of mitigating circumstances. They found something valuable, very valuable, the rest of your unit knew. They planned to return much later and retrieve the booty. Some people I know were waiting for them. If you really want to know, the limos have surveillance cameras with audio, I heard your question to them and I wanted to know as well. What we found was horrifying. Henderson and Millard met with a nasty accident and were killed."
"I received a letter of pardon, I owe you everything, and I march on Anzac day."
Stanton smiled at Doc. "It is many whom owe you. Never in the field of human conflict was so much owed by so many to so few, Winston Churchill. A statement that should be used far more often."
"Phew.... the bastards did they......."
"Some thing you just don't need to know and I'm damn sure I'm not going to tell you. I have to go."
Stanton followed Doc in silence, he opened the doors and Stanton walked out. "It was that bloke wasn't it."
Stanton turned, smiled but just kept walking. Doc locked up and went to the bar, he poured a drink. Stella got up and walked over to him. "Well, does he know where she is?"
"He didn't say."
Gypsy shouted across the room at Doc. "We had a bit of yarn, things have really gone down hill since that Stanton bloke dropped in on us."
Doc glared at Gypsy, his face turned to fire. "You or anyone else so much as put a finger on that man and I'll kill you me my bare hands."
"Fair go, he just fu....."
"Do I have to punch the information into you, you're looking awful like a computer that needs programming!"
Stella shouted at Gypsy. "If it wasn't for him we'd all be dead, a man like that got time to come down and talk to Doc." Stella turned back to Doc. "Come on he must have said something."
"He said nothing, that says everything. Sheila's bent, she's up to some heavy shit. Stanton will probably find her long before us, forget about her."
"Bloody hell Doc she's my mate."
"I aint saying any more, we have more important things to worry about." 
Stanton left the street and parked up near the beach not far away, he dropped the computer from the roof cavity, the Mustangs windows went black and he logged into his system. The more he learnt the more he understood astronomers, the more they find out about the solar system the less they know about the cosmos. Stanton some months ago had fed Forbes false intelligence in an effort to gauge direction and find her husband, someone was wise to Forbes efforts. Stanton had found Forbes got into nothing unless it delivered sexual gratification. He traced Jason Ahmadi's phone by contacting it via his satellites, it connected via a tower in Kuwait. Stanton had no contact data for Sandra Lovington, her time with the Overlords and their silent network masked confirmation; he tried her old phone, something he had not done for nearly two years. It contacted at a tower in McMahons point Sydney, the address of Sandra Lovington's parents, Stanton roared off toward McMahons point, he rumbled to a halt outside the Lovington's mansion. Diane Lovington peered out the window inquisitive of the muscle cars arrival, she recognised the vehicle and called to her husband. "Stan, its John I think."
Stanley Lovington raced to the window and peered out. "Yes, that's John alright, good lord we haven't seen him for over a year. Stan and Diane met Stanton at the door without him having to knock. Stan extended his hand and they shook. "John how nice to see you."
Stanton held Stan's hand with a vice grip. "I was hoping to catch Sandra it's quite urgent, I took the liberty of tracing her phone signal to see where she was and it came up in this area."
Diane pushed past Stan at the door. "Oh dear, Sandra is getting so forgetful, she has left her phone here every time she has visited for the last year or so."
"Oh, sorry to have bothered you." Stanton went to walk away. 
"Would you like to come in for a coffee or tea." asked Diane.
Stanton turned back. "Sorry I have a pressing engagement." he turned to walk away then turned back. "Emm, would you have any other contact no for Sandra."
"No we always contact her by her phone when she remembers to take it with her."
"How long since she visited."
"Last week, she had dinner here, Grime was with her. When she drops back we'll let her know your looking for her."
Stanton bid them farewell with a wave and roared away. They closed the door. "Stan do you think she's in danger, John appears agitated."
Court appearances regarding the past were taking its toll on Stan, he was running out of money to defend himself and had asked for help from dubious quarters. "This is concerning, next time John should ask us anything we best say nothing."
"If anyone can help you it's John."
"He's helped me as much as he feels warranted."
"You never told him everything, you had a chance, try again."
"We'll be hunted to the end of the earth should I do such a thing."
"You better think about it, If John ends up hunting us where will we be."
"It's not John I'm concerned about."

CHAPTER FOURTEEN
Larry Liberian was shuffling paper on his desk in Canberra, there was a knock on his door. "Come in."
It was his secretary. "Jodi Stanton couldn't make the appointment; she has sent a Mr Whistler."
"Ah, Whistler, I read his column on Flaxmead every week, send him in."
Whistler had lost a lot of weight and his rise to journalistic fame had failed to change his character. He shook hands with the prime minister and sat down making himself comfortable. "Jodi sends her apologies unfortunately she is too ill to attend." 
"Oh, nothing series I hope."
"The flu. I'm quite excited to be able to fill in for her."
"Well could be fate, no one knows more about Flaxmead than yourself."
"Flaxmead, you wish to talk about Flaxmead."
"My staff did mention to Jodi the meeting was regarding Flaxmead, probably why she sent you."
"Oh."
"Not long now till the big challenge in Kentucky." Larry beamed confidence rubbing his hands together. "I would like to attend the challenge and wanted to invite Jodi and her staff including the Fields to travel with me to Kentucky."
"Jodi and the Fields will not be attending."
Larry looked shocked. "Ahh, do you know why."
"Mr Stanton feels a similar fate as Phar Lap awaits Flaxmead and he wishes to focus on the event."
Larry played with his ear. "Err, Mr Stanton, wonderful to have such an experienced person arranging security. I will be calling the American president a few days before the event to voice concern about a reassurance of the Phar Lap episode and the need for assistance in the field of security." 
"I don't believe Mr Stanton needs any help with security, he has devised a transportation plan."
"Of which you are privy too."
Whistler laughed. "You must be joking."
 Larry shuffled around in his seat nervously playing with his tie. "Whistler, sorry I don't know your first name."
"Everyone calls me Whistler to the point I can't remember I have one."
"Oh I see. Look Whistler, the entire heart of the nation will be carried by Flaxmead when he runs in the US. This is not a horse race it's a statement of endeavour."
"The whole things bullshit."
"I beg your pardon."
"Currently it's a bullshit competition, I was talking to Bryce Thunderbolts owner only yesterday and he openly suggested his horse could not beat Flaxmead."
"Good grief, what an extraordinary thing for an American to say."
"I agree with him to a certain degree, but that statement is not entirely true. Flaxmead's times are better than Thunderbolts but not by a massive margin. The start is without gates and the surface favours the American. Bryce is an entrepreneur, he likes making money, and he can make money from a loss just as well as a win. Odds."
"Odds, I'm not with you."
"Betting odds, the too and fro has begun, no bookmaker can favour either horse too many variables. With clever media reports and betting Bryce stands to make a fortune, he couldn't care if his horse wins or losses."
"Mmm, I see. But it means a lot to us."
"Absolutely and probably the American president but not Bryce, if Bryce lost money he would be a laughing stock among his friends, if he lost the race wouldn't even be discussed at the dinner table. I've studied this man and his horses for some time."
"So I could return with news that lifts the hearts of the nation."
"After your first budget even Flaxmead would have trouble lifting the hearts of the nation."
"Look I realise you are a journalist and assure you all thing we are doing are for the better of the nation."
"My opinion is you are using Flaxmead to lift your image, currently you have done nothing to convince me otherwise, Prime Minister Stanwell did the same thing."
"Well you have your democratic right to voice your opinion but I find it disappointing. I will be tacking a contingent to Kentucky and I believe we will be hosted by the President."
"He wouldn't miss the opportunity or he's a fool and I very much doubt that."
Larry changed direction. "So there isn't a horse that can beat Flaxmead."
"The Arabs continue to steer clear of Flaxmead, they have some fast horses, difficult to get information on them but they could challenge Flaxmead."
"Surely if they believed that they would focus on running against him."
"They withdrew the horses they entered at Ascot, not only that those horses were not their best. Think of this, if Flaxmead wins in the US the Arabs are playing a game of one upmanship. If Flaxmead then goes to the Middle East to run and is beaten the Arabs have constituted a coup in public relations." 
Larry looked concerned. "That won't happen."
"No, Stanton would advise against going anywhere near the Middle East, for obvious reasons."
"The race would be over you might say."
Whistler chuckled under his breath. "Hardly, if the Arabs wanted to challenge they would be forced to come here."
Larry raised his eyebrows, shuffling forwards and leaning on his desk. "Think of the national interest, millions of tourists, expanding media coverage even across the Middle East, China. I agree with you, have you suggested this to the Flaxmead management team."
"No I got it from them, for some reason Stanton is driving the entire process toward this outcome, I believe he wishes to reduce risk and allow the Fields to attend Flaxmead's runs."
"So, a lot riding on this Kentucky business. Your opinion of motive will not change my plans. As a representative of Flaxmead's media you decline my offer." 
"I am instructed to decline any offer of integrated appearance be it private or public."
"Disappointing but thank you for being so frank, you have however outlined sense in the move. Please convey my best wishes to Jodi Stanton regarding her unfortunate illness."
Whistler stood up and shook hands with Liberian, Larry walked over and opened the door for him and he left. Liberian asked his secretary to call Lachlan Peabody. Peabody had been waiting not far away and was present in a few minutes, he closed the door and sat down. "Well what is the result?"
 "No people outside the stable team are attending in the US. Stanton is calling the shots and would appear even people close to the team know little. Jodi Stanton sent a representative here claiming she is sick."
"Who was it?"
"Whistler the journalist that reports on Flaxmead for Jodi Stanton."
"You must have learnt something, the mans a walking encyclopaedia on the thoroughbred racing industry."
"Yes I did but of no consequence currently, arrange our Kentucky attendance with the White House."
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
Stanton was a hair breadth away from discovery in the midst of years of probing. He was now convinced he had the perpetrator of his son's demise or at least the major link in the chain. Bella and Rose were of no use in this quest as she was well known to the target. He now questioned if the mission his boy had been delegated was in fact a set up or as evidence recently uncovered questioned this theory, it was also now apparent the mission his son was on would be far more damaging to certain entities than scrutiny of the original mission would reveal. He had only five lotto numbers and needed six. Louise Legrande French secret service agent, with his son Bradley during the mission had vowed to bring the perpetrators to justice. She swore they knew they were coming and walked into a trap. Legrande had over the past years had extensive plastic surgery to continue operating without detection and Stanton had not contacted her for some significant time. He sometimes discovered her presence when hacking French secret service sites and was now ready to bring her into the fray holding enough information to strike at the heart of relevance. Stanton via his satellites hacked the FSS code messaging system, he instructed Legrande to attend a race meeting in Australia, a final running of the horse Flaxmead prior to attending a challenge in the US. Her target was listed as Joel Renoir alias Rick O'Brien. Legrande was the only French agent to know that Renoir was in British custody, he was still on the French most wanted list, he anticipated she would understand.
Stanton stood at the float at Sydney's Randwick race course; he paced up and down waiting as Lindy Cumberland struggled to get Flaxmead into the starting gate. The entire area had vacated to watch Flaxmead run and he raced back to the float in aticipation, he was alone. The crowd went deadly silent, Flaxmead had obviously loaded and he could hear the race caller. 'And they are under starters orders, and away....' a resounding roar from the crowd drowned the race caller out. A petite French voice raised above the roar from behind him. "Monsieur Stanton, you sent for me."
  Stanton turned, he recognised the voice but the face had changed. He smiled and embraced her then asked a question. "Louise, thank you. Have you got anything out of Renoir yet?"
 Louise pushed him away and looked at him puzzled. "I was going to ask you the same question monsieur; you have had him for some time now."
"You look so much different."
"I understand."
"Come, we must be brief, a long way to come for such a short time but full proof." He walked to the Mustang and they climbed in, Stanton dropped the computer from the roof, logged in and brought up a man's picture. "This is your target."
Louise lent closer and lifted her eyebrows, she scratched her forehead and tossed her now long brunette hair behind her shoulders. "Are you sure monsieur?"
"Yes I know, wish I wasn't."
"I have never met this man but have seen him at a distance."
"This man knows Bella and Rose well, plus I promised you the mission, I know you were engaged Bradley told me. You also know things you are not telling me and they may be imperative. I'm not sure if this man is the king pin, if not he would definitely know who was and would have sanctioned the mission anyway. Now appears you and Bradley were about to discover far more than expected when discovered so he may be innocent of the suspicion, but he is not innocent of other proven atrocities well over the line. Once you are sure you can get no more information terminate him and make it obvious, do not dispose of the body. I am sure that alone will muster panic and someone will do something stupid and I'll be there."
"I have it monsieur Stanton."
"When you get to the UK Hurst will pass on a new weapon, undetectable. Contact him at the Coffee shop on the river front next to Vauxhall Cross, you are his niece from the French side of his family, greet him as such when you find him, he is there every morning at ten unless he is away but that is not often these days." 
"I have it monsieur. It sounds like the horse Flaxmead has won."
"No doubt, may god be with you, times up." Stanton kissed her on the cheek, she climbed out and vanished.
Stanton jogged back to the winners circle to greet a beaming Lindy Cumberland, she slipped to the ground next to Stanton. "He ran way past the line took me ages to pull him up, how much did he win by I never looked back past the grandstand."
"Thirty lengths," said Harper. "That should give them something to think about, he just dusted the lot of them." He turned to Stanton handing Flaxmead's reins to Jessica Flametower. "When do we get the travel plan?"
"You don't."
"I don't even know what float to put him on the day we leave."
"Word of mouth at the time."
"I don't even know that."
"Everyone will stay overnight at Shangri La, in the stable with Flaxmead, things are still being arranged, the more planned latter the less chance of information spill."
"How we going to get through this lot you can't move here."
"Get the official pleasantries out the road and I'll see if I can find Constable Moses aka Cadiche for the parting of the people."
 "Liberian the prime minister wants to meet Lindy and Flaxmead, will be a few minutes longer." 
"Marvellous."
CHAPTER SIXTEEN
Stanton had found no trace of Winston Blake or his daughter Rose, facial recognition priority brought zero results. Blake was sitting tight or had changed his identity, Stanton didn't even know what Rose looked like other than old photos. Bret McCrea working beneath his new placement had also came up with nothing, however the day of the challenge he did know of a chopper destined for grassy infield opposite the grand stand at Churchill Downs Kentucky. He inadvertently concerned about international condemnation spurred by comments in the media by Thunderbolts owner Bryce bolstered security in the area of the choppers planned landing spot with CIA agents Dirk Truman and Conrad Wayne given leave to attend the race.
Bryce wallowed in attention as the challenge time approached and the horse Flaxmead reported to have landed in the country had half hour prior to the challenge not shown itself. Bryce confronted Whistler for information, Whistler smiled and said nothing, he couldn't do anything else he didn't know anything but was sure there would be no repeat of Phar Laps demise. As Bryce climbed the stairs to the official's office complex in the Grandstand to demand he be declared the winner on a no show a Sikorsky S92 chopper swooped by banked and poised to land on the grassy infield. Bryce watched from the terrace, the rotors came to standstill and the ramp door on the side of the aircraft lowered. Lindy Cumberland led Flaxmead onto the hallowed soil of Churchill downs, Stanton gave her a leg up and Jessica led Flaxmead to an access in the inner railing releasing Flaxmead onto the kicking up the sandy loam surface, he reared up and screamed out. It echoed around the grandstand and the crowd realising it was the challenger got to their feet most looking around for the challenged. Bryce shook his head at the excruciating cry from Flaxmead and gripped the terrace railing in rage. He raced down the steps, Thunderbolt was languishing in the parade ground but had been rattled by the cry of another horse. Thunderbolts jockey hastily mounted his steed as Bryce yelled abuse at all around him scattering gatherings in the parade ground whom mixed with those vying for vantage points to watch the action. 
Lindy positioned Flaxmead in front of the grandstand at the start finish point, he became restless and hard to handle in front of the noisy crowd. The rules were simple to Lindy, three times round the one mile track with a standing start without gates. The American president would signal the start with a flag from the railing beneath the grandstand. Thunderbolt appeared on the track and attempted to tort round the challenger, the stallion was confronted by the professional demoraliser, Flaxmead walked sideways toward him with eyes of fire. 
The president raised the flag and the grounds went silent, the flag came down and Thunderbolt raced away, Flaxmead reared up with a cry then set off after his adversary. He caught him before the first corner and Lindy could be heard screaming at him to hold, her cries drowned out by the crowd. Flaxmead disregarded her advice, thundered past on the first corner on the outside and disappeared in a blur. Thunderbolts jockey was puzzled and held his steed at a pace destined for a kick when Flaxmead tired of his pace. But Flaxmead didn't tire, he just powered on, Lindy again yelled at him as they passed the post the second time looking under her shoulder first, she could see nothing. "Give it a rest you bloody nob!" But he just powered on, Lindy crouched behind his ears and hung on lung for lung with he's enormous stride. The result was devastating for Bryce, Lindy was cantering back from turn one as Thunderbolt crossed the line. Flaxmead intimidated the vanquished and strutted around putting on a hell of a show. 
Bryce standing near the finishing line on the rail whispered to himself. "God dam, Courtney's right, give me that horse and Ill give you the world."
Jessica grappled with Flaxmead as he neared the inside rail access leading him onto the grass infield circuit in front of the grandstand. She held him there as Lindy slid down, Flaxmead lowered his head and she cuddled him, he turned into a shimmering wimp as she praised and kissed his forehead. She fell to her knees and cried, he mothered her with his muzzle and gentle snorts.
The American president and Larry Librarian crossed the earthen track to see the steed along with their entourage. Stanton held them at the rail some metres from Flaxmead. "Ah, John, is it safe for me to approach Flaxmead, for a picture or two."
"No, he doesn't like politicians. Animals can sense intent." Liberian was stumped for words, the president chuckled under his breath and extended his hand to Stanton, Stanton took it. "I'll have Lindy come over, excuse me." Stanton disengaged the president's hand, moved over to Flaxmead talking to Lindy, she trotted over to the rail. Stanton accompanied Jessica and Flaxmead to the chopper and the horse was led up the ramp as Anthony was doing a pre flight check. Lindy climbed the ramp as the rotors began to wind slowly, McCrea appeared waving both hands above his head. Stanton walked down to talk to him.
"They came out of the woodwork just now." There behind him, was Winston and Rose Blake, flanked by Dirk Truman and Conrad Wayne. Stanton waved to them to climb the ramp, they raced inside the chopper. Stanton slapped McCrea on the shoulder unable to converse the chopper was now to loud. Stanton mounted the ramp and the ramp closed. The crew clamped Flaxmead in his standing cubicle as the chopper lifted off. Stanton sat next to Winston and belted in.
"I knew you'd come. I trusted no one." said Winston.
"You've learnt well." smiled Stanton. "Rhiannon Faversham, you saw her."
"She heard about her father, she belongs here now, long story."
"Fair enough."
"Rose, she has something of interest for you."
 "Were not home yet, I have to focus."
"Rose has powerful enemies here, her husband is furious, turning the place upside down. I knew Flaxmead would cover for us, Jodi kept us well informed in the press. I knew you'd come, thank god."
Although the Hunt for Rose was over, it had created more questions that it had answered. The spearhead was now Louise Legrande. 

 
 

 

