	For Raven
My inspiration to a more content life


The Arora Saga
White River Calling

By

CR Delport

* * * * *

PUBLISHED BY:

CR Delport at Smashwords


White River Calling

Copyright © 2013 by CR Delport





Chapter 1

With a start, he opened his eyes. Bright sunlight flooded his vision and the searing pain forced his eyelids shut. The man lay on his side in the sand with a hand clamped over his eyes. He listened. A sweeping wind rolled over the landscape with a soft whistling sound, tugging at strands of his shoulder length, blond hair.
After a few moments he slowly opened his eyes again and moved his hand, prepared for the light. Squinting against the rays of the sun, everything was a blur. A huge black shadow hovered over him. He tried to lift his head, but the pounding pain in his temples made him gasp. Rolling on to his back, he grabbed his head between his hands. 
He waited a few moments for the worst of the pain to subside, then struggled to a sitting position, his head swimming and his vision still blurred. After a few blinks, his vision slowly came into focus. The threatening shadow turned out to be a huge fallen tree with a branch that pointed upwards, hovering over him, providing welcome shade against the glaring sun. 
The man grabbed the side of the tree, the bark rough under his hands, and pulled himself to his feet. His wobbly legs had difficulty in supporting his weight, so he leaned against the fallen tree for support. By shifting his weight, he moved into a position where his back rested against the tree. The rough bark scratched and poked his bare skin. He took a deep breath, and then lifted his head to observe his surroundings.
The dry and barren earth cracked in places as if something had sucked all the water from the soil. Once grass covered the sand, but a few lone roots with remnants of dry grass desperately clinging on, the only thing left. To his left, the charred remains of trees scattered across the landscape, once the victim of a severe fire. As he panned his vision, more dead trees, some escaped the carnage of the fire, spread amongst the dry dirt and rocks, as far as his eyes could see. The breeze in his face carried the smell of dusty stale sand. 
Through the quiet of his surrounding, his own breathing sounded out in the stillness. If it wasn’t for the whistling sound of the wind, and his own breath, he might have thought he lost his hearing. Disturbed by the eerie silence that surrounded him, he cocked his head to the side. He tried to pick up any sounds, maybe a distant bird or the cry of an animal, but nothing, nothing but absolute silence. Opening his mouth to speak, only a croak escaped his cracked lips. He tried to clear his throat, but it felt raw and dry. 
Finally a word got out, his voice husky. “Where am I?”
The fog lifted from his mind and his head stopped spinning, but the pain remained. He felt stronger, surer on his feet, and slowly pushed away from the tree, testing his legs, ready to grab a hold of the tree again in case his legs failed him. Although a little shaky, they held his weight. He gave two steps forward and moved into the bright sunlight. For a moment he had to shield his eyes, the bright glare hurting them, making him flinch. His eyes took a few moments to adjust to the light, and then he lowered his hand and looked around him. Nothing! Nothing but sand, dead trees and a few rocks scattered all over the place.
“How the hell did I get here?” he asked out loud, his voice clearer and stronger. 
He shook his head, frowned, with a puzzled look on his face. “And where is here?”
To his left, a slight rise in the landscape caught his attention. He walked towards it, his first few steps just stumbles. By the time he reached the rise, he found his footing and felt strength in his well-muscled legs. About halfway up the slope, he slipped. His outstretched arms broke his fall and he rolled onto his back. Black blotches appeared in front of his eyes. On the verge of passing out again, he closed his eyes. The heat of the sun stung his tanned face and naked upper body.
He sat up and stared at the yellow and white sneakers on his feet, although dusty, still relatively new. Besides the sneakers with no socks, the only other clothing on his body was a pair of old, faded denim shorts with stringy ends. No shirt. He looked over to where he woke up, but saw no sign of a shirt or anything else. Once the blotches cleared, he struggled back to his feet and made it to the top of the rise. He looked around, but a heat haze shimmering in the distance, the only thing he saw.
The man ran a hand through his dusty blond hair that fell to his shoulders. Small pebbles and sand stuck in it. Puzzled, he tried to recall how he got there, but his mind was blank. He had no access to any of his memories. A sense of panic flooded over him. He realized he had no recollection what so ever. Not how he got there, what he did there, or …., or who he was. That scared him more than anything. He touched his head, searching for any possible sign of a wound, but found none. 
“I must’ve banged my head somewhere and that’s why I can’t remember. That would explain this terrible head ache,” he muttered. 
He tried to calm himself. “This is just temporary. Everything will come back to me. Take a deep breath, and remain calm,” he muttered. 
Staying out there indefinitely was out of the question. In that heat, and without water, he wouldn’t last very long. He tried to ignore his throat, begging for a drink, but the mere thought of water, made it ache more. He looked in all directions, but nowhere was there any sign of life. A new wave of panic welled up inside him, and then he heard it! 
The sound of a low piercing horn drifted across the arid earth. He jerked his head around. He couldn’t remember anything, but recognized the sound of a train horn. It lasted only a moment, and before he could pinpoint the exact direction of its origin, the sound disappeared. He listened intently but once more, everything was quiet.
He contemplated the possibility that his imagination played a trick on him, but then he heard it again. The sound was far away, but he was sure of the direction it came from.  That gave him hope. He peered into the distance, seeking a point of reference, and found a mountain range. The left edge stuck into the air like a finger, beckoning him. Out there, walking in circles would have been a sure way to his death. He took one last look around in the spot where he woke up. He found nothing and set off in the direction of the sound, the mountain as his beacon showing him the way.
The man had no idea how far he walked, or exactly how long it took, but his legs were like rubber, his throat raw with thirst. The terrain got rockier, but still no sign of life or water. He found it strange that there was not a bird, a snake, a scorpion or even an ant in sight. He had stepped into a forgotten, abandoned world where nothing grew and nothing lived, except him. His steps became automated, only his will to live drove him forward. He tried to ignore the fire in his throat, which was just as dry as the earth he walked on. It felt like many hours after he left the tree where he woke up when he arrived at a shallow dry riverbed.
He slid down the side on the seat of his shorts, and when he reached the bottom, stared at the dry sand. At some point water flowed there in abundance, but there was no sign off recent water. He dropped to his knees and dug in the loose river sand with his bare hands with the hope there was still water buried under the surface. But all in vain, the water was long gone. 
“Is this my end?” he wondered out loud, his voice only a croak. It hurt to speak.
This can’t be the end. I don’t even know the beginning. He thought. 
The man took a deep breath, and it took considerable effort to get back to his feet. He struggled up the bank on the opposite side, and without looking back, fell forward, one step at a time. Since he left the dry river, the terrain inclined ever so slightly. Every miserable step took him higher. He reached the top of a little rise and dropped to his knees, knowing that he was at his end, his weary legs unable to take another step.
Looking down into the shallow valley below, he blinked a few times, sure the thirst and heat caused him to hallucinate. There, at the bottom of the rise, the mirage of a small town. A man loaded a box onto the back of an old beat up pickup truck. It was too far away to see the make and model, but it was pale blue. He watched him drive down the deserted street, past the scattered buildings, made a right turn, and passed an empty park, before he disappeared from sight. 
In the park, an old rusty swing made a lonely picture against the sandy backdrop. A dusty path led to a bench, where a young boy played with his dog. 
The end must have been near. He even imagined the dog barking with excitement. The boy threw an old ball, and the animal ran to fetch it. He didn’t want to die up there on the ridge, all alone. It would be better to die in the park, in his mirage, with the boy who played with his yellow Labrador. He summoned his last remaining strength and struggled back to his feet. He started down the hill, and his thoughts had no reason anymore. The man fell a few times, but made it back to his feet again, desperate to get to the park before he died.
The dog’s bark changed when he saw the stranger, covered in dust, staggering in their direction. The boy and his dog watched the half-naked man suspiciously. The man reached the swing, his voice a croak as he tried to laugh, delirious and happy that he made it. He looked at the shocked expression on the boy’s face. 
“Don’t worry little one. I won’t hurt you,” he tried to say, but only a low gurgle came from his throat. 
I made it, I can die now. I’m not alone. Even if it is only a dream, I’m not alone he thought and dropped to his knees. Slowly he slid to the ground and rolled onto his back, and then his world turned black.

*****

A dirty and dusty police cruiser came to a halt in front of the brick building. A black and white sign announced, “POLICE”. Sheriff Janine Carter stepped out of the vehicle, her short yellow-blonde hair shining in the late afternoon sun. She just returned from Andy’s Diner where she had a late lunch with her younger sister, Linda, who stepped from the passenger side, closing the car door behind her.
In the past couple of months, quite a few people have left the town of White River due to the ongoing drought. The small town once boasted a population of over three thousand, but was down to less than a thousand, and people were still leaving. Last month the sheriff’s deputy gave in to his wife’s nagging, packed his belongings, and moved them north to her parents. The sheriff’s office was now a one woman show with Linda helping out occasionally with administrative work. 
This was the topic of their conversation when they stepped out of the cruiser and aimed for the door of the police office. About halfway up the steps, they heard a sharp, long shriek from the young boy in the park, followed by anxious barking from his dog. The sisters stopped dead in their tracks and swung towards the sound.
The sheriff was the first to move and ran down the steps toward little Elliot Jennings, who came running, screaming at the top of his voice.
“Sheriff, Sheriff, there’s a dead man in the park, come quick!” 
He ran as fast as his short little legs could carry him. Even for a boy of nine, his legs were short. The Labrador followed hot on his heels, curious, not quite understanding the situation.
The sheriff looked up at the park across the street, and there near the swing, laid a body. It was not moving, almost camouflaged, the motionless form the same color as the sand. Linda drew a quick breath and her hand flew to her mouth, but the sheriff had seen her fair share of dead bodies before, and moved into action. She ran across the street, her athletic body moving with the speed and grace of a cat. A few steps away she came to a halt, taking in the scene. Footsteps behind alerted her that Linda and Elliot caught up.
She spread her arms wide to hold them back when they came up behind her. The man’s face was covered in dust, masking his features, but she could see enough to know that he was a stranger. The sheriff knew everyone in town, and he was not from there. 
She looked at Elliot and asked, “Where did he come from?” 
The boy struggled to catch his breath, his voice was hurried. “I played with Caesar when he came down the hill and fell down here. Is he dead?” 
She looked at the boy’s big round eyes. “Let’s have a look.”
She kneeled next to the body, picked up his right arm and felt for a pulse. She gasped and bent down, putting an ear to the man’s naked chest. 
“He’s still alive!” she said, looking surprised. “Linda, we need to get him to the hospital!” 
Without a word, Linda turned and ran back to the police station where her white Chevrolet Silverado was parked. The truck sprang to life when she turned the key, and responded eagerly when she pushed down on the pedal.
The pickup truck stopped in a huff of dust and Linda left the motor running. She jumped out and helped Janine load the unconscious man on to the back of the truck. 
Elliot watched everything with big round eyes, Caesar sitting next to him patiently waiting, with the tennis ball clamped in his mouth. 
The boy smiled at the dog, patted his head and said, “Well done Caesar.” 
They watched the women drive off in the direction of the hospital, which was only two blocks away.

Chapter 2

Sheriff Carter and Linda looked up from where they sat in the waiting area of the White River hospital. It was a small hospital, plain white outside, plain white inside. The waiting area near the reception desk consisted of six chairs and a small table with a few old magazines and overlooked the entrance to the emergency ward. To the left, a hallway led to the little hospital pharmacy and Doctor Percy’s consulting room. To the right, the hallway to the theatre, radiology and the recovery wards.
A short, stocky man dressed in a white coat walked towards them. His round face and puffy cheeks made his small beady eyes appear even smaller. Apart from a patch of hair on either side of his head, just above the ears, he was completely bald. The women got up and met the doctor in front of the vending machine. 
“How’s he doing Doc?” the sheriff inquired. 
Doctor Percy nodded his head to the women. “He’ll live. He’s dehydrated and sun burned to a crisp, but I have him on a drip to rehydrate his body. He’s still unconscious. Do you have any idea who he is and where he came from?” 
Sheriff Carter shook her head. “No, he didn’t have any identification on him. How long before he wakes up?”
The doctor shrugged. “I have no idea, but judging from the shape he’s in, that might be a while.” 
A look of annoyance crossed the sheriff’s face. “Please let me know the moment he stirs. While I wait, I’ll check his description in the missing person’s database. Maybe somebody reported him missing and that will tell us who he is.” 
The doctor nodded. The sheriff didn’t like the fact that there was a stranger in her town.
Three days later he stirred. A low groan escaped from his lips and his eyes fluttered open. He blinked a few times to clear his blurred vision. Overhead, a bright florescent light surrounded by a pure white ceiling. I must be in Heaven, he thought with relief. A sound of shuffling feet, and an angel with dark red hair and bright emerald green eyes moved into his field of vision. The bright light framed her figure and cast a soft glow around her. She had a bright, friendly smile, her voice soft and pleasant.
“How are you?” she asked.
The man tried to say he was fine, but no sound came from his moving lips. She filled a glass with water from the jug on the cabinet next to his bed, and helped him into a sitting position. She held the glass to his blistered lips. He swallowed carefully, the cold liquid soothing the dry crater in his throat. 
“Thank you,” he croaked, aware of the soft hand against his bare back. 
He looked around him, and became aware of the drip in his right arm. Confusion crossed his face. Why would I need a drip in Heaven?
It took him a few moments to realize he was not in the afterlife. 
“Where am I?” he asked, his voice clearer. 
She looked into his brilliant blue eyes that sparkled like two small swimming pools, their appearance almost unnatural. “You’re in a hospital. Let me call the doctor, I’m sure he’ll be glad to see that you’re awake,” she said, and disappeared out of the room.
The stranger tried to remember how he got there, but nothing. His memories were a complete blank. The only thing he remembered was a dream he had. He woke up under a fallen tree and walked for hours before seeing the little boy and his dog. Then he died in the dry park. Other than that, his mind was just a dark void. He closed his eyes trying to make sense of everything, but he couldn’t fit the pieces of the puzzle. He didn’t even have the pieces to fit.
Quick footsteps approached, and a moment later Doc Percy walked into the room. 
“Glad to see you are awake. How do you feel?” he asked in a friendly voice, his doctor’s voice. 
The stranger looked at him puzzled. “I’m confused. Why am I here?”
The doctor explained how he collapsed in the park and how he got to the hospital. The man frowned in realization that his dream wasn’t a dream at all. It really happened. Before he could ask anything else, the sheriff walked into the room, followed by the red headed angel with the friendly smile. 
The sheriff wasted no time. “Good morning, I’m Sheriff Carter. Do you mind if I ask you a few questions?” 
He frowned at her abrupt tone and wondered if he was in some kind of trouble, but shrugged. “Sure.” 
“Who are you and where did you come from?” the sheriff asked.
For a moment he had a bewildered look on his face. Her direct approach unsettled him. “Sheriff, I have no idea.”
She frowned. “What do you mean, who you are or where you come from?” 
“Both,” he said, and saw the fire in her light blue eyes.  
The sheriff shook her head, but before she could ask another question the doctor interrupted.
“Do you mean to tell me you can’t remember anything?” he asked. 
The stranger shuffled uncomfortably on the bed under the inquest. “Until you explained how I ended up here, I thought the boy and his dog in the park was part of a dream, but now it seems that was all real.” 
He told them how he woke up next to the fallen tree. How he heard the train whistle and followed the sound, and how he stumbled into the park. 
“I thought I hallucinated when I saw the town and the boy with his dog. I thought I was about to die,” he added. 
Doc Percy patted the man’s bare leg. “You were not far from it.”
The sheriff stared at him for a moment, trying to figure out if the man told the truth. In her line of work, she got pretty good at reading people, and he was either a good actor, or he really didn’t remember anything. 
She sighed. “Do you mind if I take you fingerprints?” 
He frowned, because it sounded more like a demand than a request, but she just did her job. “Not at all.”
She nodded. It was clear to him that it wasn’t in her nature to trust strangers. 
She gave him one last stare. “I’ll be right back.” 
She turned and left the room.
The doctor was intrigued by his patient. 
“If you suffer from amnesia, I’d like to do a thorough examination on you to find the cause,” he said. 
The stranger shrugged. It was obvious he wasn’t trusted and if it helped him, he was all for it. The doctor left to make the arrangements, which left Linda alone in the room. She stood with her hands behind her back, leaning against the wall just inside the doorway. 
Now that he knew she wasn’t an angel, he took a better look at her. Her dark red hair had no sign of a curl and flowed over the top of her yellow and green flowered t-shirt. She wore brown work boots with her faded jeans. Unlike her sister, Linda’s clothes hugged her womanly curves. Her athletic build said she was an active person, and her long legs made her taller than the average woman. 
“I’m Linda,” she said and her smile ignited her eyes. They were such a brilliant shade of emerald they looked fake. 
“I have no idea who I am,” he answered with a skew smile on his cracked lips. 
“Mmm, we need to do something about that,” she said.
She pulled the chair from the corner and took a seat next to his bed. 
“What do you have in mind?” he asked.
She stared at him a few moments, thinking off possible names.
“How about Sam?” she asked.
He chuckled, thinking she was joking, but then saw that she was serious. 
He shrugged. “I suppose that’s as good a name as any if you don’t have one.” 
The doctor and the sheriff walked in to the room a while later, and found Sam busy telling Linda all about his hike to town. That being the only memory he had, he could recall each step in great detail. The sheriff frowned at her sister, not happy with her being so friendly with a total stranger. He cut his story in mid-sentence when he saw them. The sheriff carried a mobile fingerprint kit and a digital camera. 
“Sam was telling me how he found our town. It’s quite a remarkable story, like the town called him here,” Linda said in a chatty voice, oblivious to the look on her sister’s face.
“Sam?” Doc asked, his face a question mark. 
“Yes,” Linda said, looking innocent.
“He looks a lot like one of the characters on my favorite TV show, and he doesn’t mind,” she added and gave Sam a wink. 
The sheriff growled and shook her head at her forward sister. She knew which show Linda talked about, and had to admit, the stranger does resemble the character. 
“I do prefer to call someone by name,” Doc said.
He turned to Sam. “When the sheriff is done with you, I’ll take you for some tests.” He paused a second, and threw a quick glance at the sheriff. With a slight smile he added, “Sam.”
Sheriff Carter sighed. 
“Ok, let’s take those finger prints. I also want to take a photo, which I want to post in the missing person’s database. Maybe someone might recognize you.” 
She turns her attention to her sister. 
“Don’t you have something to do?” 
Linda smiled and knew her sister didn’t want her around the stranger. 
“As a matter of fact, I do. I need to check if there are any deliveries to do today,” she said and placed a hand on the man’s shoulder. “Sam, I’ll be back later to see how you are doing”
As she walked past her sister, she stuck out at her tongue. A look of annoyance flashed over the sheriff’s face, but Linda breezed out of the room before she could say anything.
Sam looked at the sheriff and found it hard to believe she and Linda were sisters. Not only were their looks totally the opposite of each other, so were their personalities. About the only thing they had in common was that they were both beautiful, each in their own way. 
The sheriff took his fingerprints onto a fingerprint card, and gave Sam a paper towel to wipe the sticky black ink from his fingers. 
She eyed him suspiciously and asked, “Are you sure you don’t mind if I run these?”
He looked at her with a slight frown on his forehead. “Now why would I mind Sheriff?”
She shrugged and said, “What if we find out you are a wanted fugitive?” 
He thought about it and said, “Well, Sheriff, then at least we’ll know who I am.”
Sheriff Carter shook her head. She was still undecided whether the stranger was arrogant, naïve, or if Linda rubbed off on him.
Ten minutes later Doc Percy gave Sam a thorough examination. Doc paid close attention to Sam’s head, checking for any sign of trauma, but found none. 
“I can’t find anything wrong on the outside, in fact, apart from recovering from dehydration and sunburn, you’re quite healthy. I think we should do an MRI to make sure,” Doc said.
Sam raised his eyebrows. “You have an MRI scanner here?” 
Doc smiled and nodded. “It is not who you are, but who you know,” he said and winked at Sam.
The doctor instructed the nurse to remove the drip and escorted Sam to the Radiology area. First he took some X-rays. 
“This is to check if you have any strange objects or implants. They can mess with the scanner,” Doc explained. 
The MRI scan took an hour. Sam lay perfectly still as instructed by the tech, but was uncomfortable. The closed in feeling bothered him even more than the whack-whack sound of the scanner. He took a deep breath, and his thoughts drifted to bright, emerald green eyes, the only thing he remembered that could distract him from his surroundings.  
Relief flooded through him when it was over and the nurse wheeled him back to his room. After the nurse made sure he was comfortable, she left. For the first time since he woke up, he was alone. He looked through the window and saw the hill from where he stumbled down. With so few memories in his head, the ones that he had were vivid. He was still lost in thought when Doc walked in, armed with a clipboard and several pieces of paper. 
“Are we any wiser?” Sam asked, looking expectantly at the doctor.
Doc Percy shook his head, a puzzled expression on his face. 
“According to this, there’s nothing wrong with you. Apart from this one area that has no activity. The place where we suspect long term memories are stored. It’s as if that area was wiped clean.” 
“Are all my memories gone?” Sam asked.
Doc shook his head. 
“No. For some reason you’re not accessing them. It could only be temporary. If there was trauma, even if it was psychological, it should heal over time. Don’t hurry it, it will come to you.”
Sam stared at the doctor not quite convinced. He was quiet for a moment. When he spoke, his voice was almost a whisper.
“And if it doesn’t?” 
Doc Percy felt sorry for the stranger who looked so vulnerable on the hospital bed. 
He shook his head. 
“I have to be honest. I’ve never dealt with anything like this before, but I plan to do some reading on the subject. Still, with no physical damage, I see no reason to be pessimistic,” he said. 
Sam nodded gratefully and stared through the window. After the doctor left, he got to his feet and walked over to the side of the room where a full length mirror hanged against the wall. 
He looked at the face in the mirror, but it was the face of a stranger that stared back at him. The bright blue eyes looked intense, searching his features for anything that he might recognise. His nose was slightly out of line, like it had been broken before. He ran a hand over his strong chin, which was in desperate need of a shave.
His sun bleached blond hair was a mess, and he attempted to smooth it down with his hands. The broad shoulders had a definite strength to them. On his left arm, a ten centimeter scar ran from the middle of his upper arm, almost to the elbow. He touched the rough scar but had no idea how it got there. He looked his tall frame up and down.
“So who are you and how did you get here?” he asked. 
When no answers were forthcoming, he sighed and sat down on the bed.
That afternoon when the sheriff walked into the room, Linda sat with Sam, discussing the results from his tests. Linda parked herself on the one end of the bed, with her legs folded, while Sam lied down on the other end, leaning on one elbow.
 He looked up and the sheriff looked even more troubled than the previous time he saw her. She gave Linda a disapproving look, then stood in front of Sam with her hands on her hips staring at him.
“I can’t find any trace of you in any of our databases,” she stated. 
Sam looked at her, a frown on his forehead. 
“Is that bad?” he asked. 
The sheriff shook her head slowly. “No. I just find it strange. These days it’s almost impossible not to be in the system, unless you’re a spy. Don’t tell me you’re a Jason Bourne?”
“Who?” Sam asked confused.
The sheriff sighed. 
“Never mind. I circulated your picture to every police station in the country. Now we’ll have to wait and see if we get a response, but it might take a while.” 
She studied his face for a reaction but found none. With a last sideward glance at her sister, the sheriff left.
“Are you ok?” Linda asked when she was sure her sister was out of earshot. 
“Yes. I hoped that by now somebody would have an idea of who I am and where I came from. Surely there must be somebody out there looking for me,” he said, looking lost.
Linda frowned at his words and asked, “Do you think you might have a wife and kids somewhere waiting for you?” 
Sam searched for his memories, but once again, came up blank. He shrugged.
“I honestly have no idea, but if I was missing, you would think they would have told the police by now.” Tired, Sam sagged back against the pillows. 
Linda saw that he needed rest and jumped off the bed. 
“I have some errands to run, but will check up on you later. Get some rest,” she said. 
In the doorway she paused and looked at him. 
He smiled a tired smile. 
“Thanks for the company. I really appreciate it,” he said. 
She waved it away with a flick of her hand. 
“Think nothing of it, and don’t worry, my sister is like a terrier. She won’t rest until she knows who you are.” She gave him a mischievous look and said, “Unless you fell out of the sky.” 
Sam touched his head and said, “That would explain the headache.”

Chapter 3

A week had gone by since the Carter sisters found an unconscious Sam in the park, and he was still in hospital. He was much stronger, but hadn’t been discharged, mostly because they didn’t know what to do with him. The sheriff insisted that he stay in the hospital room for the time being, although, if she had her way, she probably would have locked him in a cell at the police station. Linda’s friendship saved him from that fate, but there was also no legal reason. She received no feedback on his identity yet.  Linda spent a lot of time in his room, and he was grateful for the company. She brought him up to speed on the situation in town.
White River used to be a nice little town. Then, for two years, they had very little rain, before it stopped all together. It was three years since they had a single drop. The river that ran past the town ran dry and the dam upstream, where the town got its water from, also dried up. They were reliant on water delivered by the army. Every two weeks big army water tankers rolled into town and fill the reservoir to provide water for the town.
Their drinking water came by train in bottles. Very strict water restrictions had been implemented, so a bath or shower was out of the question. Every second day they were allowed five litres of water to wash. Once you wiped yourself down, that water was used to wash clothes, and then it was used for toilet purposes. Not a drop wasted unnecessarily.
The drought spread over all the southern states, and it got so bad that lakes were drying. They heard on the news the drought conditions were experienced worldwide. For now, there was still water to the north in the Great Lakes, so a lot of townspeople packed up and moved there. 
Sam looked at Linda. “You’re not planning to move there?” 
She gave a sad smile. “I have a little farm just outside town where I used to grow vegetables, which I sold all over town. I have two boreholes on the farm that kept the farm going for a year or so after the rain stopped. Eventually they dried and I had to give up my business, but I live in hope that things will get better. My farm is all I have and I can’t let it go.” 
Linda had a job at Andy’s Diner as a waitress, and twice a week, when the train came to town, she would collect all the packages and deliver them all over town. She also helped out her sister at the police station, all that to make the monthly payments on her little farm.
Sam eyed her curiously. “That seems like a lot of effort for a dried up farm.”
She blinked her eyes. “You don’t understand, it is much more than a place to stay, it is my home. Before Janine dragged me out here, I was a wild child. I fell from job to job and had nothing steady in my life. After the fiasco with my last boyfriend, Janine had enough and moved us out here. Initially I hated it, but the place grew on me. I had money left in a trust fund that I received from my parents after they passed away, and I convinced Janine to release it to me and bought the farm from old man Perkins. With Janine’s help, we built three vegetable tunnels and I learned to sustain myself. For the first time I had a place where I put down some roots, and I will do anything to hang on to it.”
Sam watched her face while she spoke about her farm, her lovely features alive with emotion, and he saw the sheer determination in her sparkling eyes. Linda was a woman with strong convictions, and willing to fight the devil himself to keep them. 
Sam nodded. “What’s the outlook for the drought? Any sign that things will get better soon?” 
Linda shook her head. “The weather people are stumped. Some scientists speculate that the sun has something to do with it. They say there’s some highly unusual solar activity that’s messing with the earth’s magnetic field. That’s preventing clouds from forming, thus causing the drought. But they have no idea how long it will last.” 
They discussed the drought until it was time for Linda to go to work. 
She looked at her watch. “Are you up for a field trip yet? I would love to give you a tour of our town.” 
Sam smiled. “That sounds good. I’m getting a little tired of this hospital room. It feels like I’m in jail, but I don’t have anything to wear. I can’t go anywhere like this,” and he waved his hands over the hospital pajamas he wore. 
The only clothes he owned, the shorts and sneakers, were stored next to his bed in the bedside cabinet, but he couldn’t go out dressed like that either. 
Linda’s clear laugh echoed through the hospital wing. “Don’t worry. I’ll take care of that. See you in the morning.”
Before he could say anything she was gone. Linda had barely left, when a strange looking young woman darted into his room, carrying a tray with medical equipment. She had blonde hair tied into two shoulder length pony tails. Her dress looked as if it escaped from Wonderland, covered in polka dots, in every color of the rainbow, ending just above her knees. She also wore the strangest colorful leggings which appeared stitched together like a quilt. On her feet, her shoes looked like they belonged on an elf. The white lab coat very ordinary and out of place with the rest of her outfit.
She flashed him a friendly smile, her cheerful voice resembling her outfit. “Good afternoon, my name is Summer. Doc sent me to take a DNA sample and draw some blood. You don’t mind do you?” 
Sam nodded, completely overwhelmed by the strange creature, doubting that anybody could say no to her. She swabbed the inside of his mouth with a cotton swab, and drew a vile of blood. 
“What’s this for?” he asked. 
She smiled. “Doc wants to send it to a friend of his who works in the city lab for a full DNA work up. He hopes it will help solve the mystery of your identity.” 
The following morning Sam chewed on a piece of toast when Linda darted into his room, carrying a parcel. 
“Morning, Sam,” she said cheerfully.
His crystal blue eyes lit up at the sight of her. She handed him the package.
“Get dressed, we have much to do today,” she said. 
Before he could reply or protest she left the room again. He opened the parcel and it contained clothes. He got dressed in faded denims and a red checked shirt. It wasn’t new, but it fit. There was also a pair of new socks which he slipped on. The yellow sneakers had to do, and he was ready to go within five minutes.
Linda led him to her parked truck in the hospital parking lot. When he stepped outside, the heat of the sun was warm on his face, which was mostly healed since he woke up in hospital. Although early morning, the sweltering heat rose from the dry earth and clung to his body.  He spread his arms wide and took a deep breath, enjoying the smell of fresh air, before he slid into the passenger seat of Linda’s truck. She smiled at the joy on his face.
First, she took him through the business district, which was all of two blocks. Most of the buildings stood empty, several with broken windows. They were run down and not maintained. The only places still doing business, were the General Store, where you could buy just about anything you needed, Andy’s Diner, one remaining fuel station, the small post office, the bank, the train station and the police station. Next to the police station was City Hall, which also housed the offices of Timothy Ryan, the town’s mayor. Andy’s Diner was the busiest, the place where the majority of the remaining townspeople ate their meals. It worked out much cheaper than trying to fix their own with the little supplies available.
Linda parked the Silverado at the side of the business district, and they walked the two blocks to take in everything. 
“Looking at it now, it’s hard to believe that not too long ago, this used to be a thriving little town,” she said. 
Sam gazed down the street and the place appeared deserted, like staring into a ghost town. Linda informed him that the diner served food twice a day, a brunch from 10:00, and then dinner at 17:00, which she worked.
“Do you like coffee?” she asked. 
Sam pulled up his shoulders. “I don’t know.” 
She laughed, and took him by the hand. “Well, let’s go find out.” She led him across the street to the diner. 
They entered the small building. The young man sweeping the floors was about to tell them that they were not yet open when he saw Linda. He smiled wide, his greeting much friendlier than it should have been. She showed Sam to a table, and then disappeared into the back. The young man kept sweeping the floor, but his gaze strayed in Sam’s direction.
Sam looked around at the empty diner, which awaited the arrival of the brunch crowd. The chairs neatly placed by the four seat tables. A young woman with a waitress apron appeared from the back, carrying a tray filled with condiments, which she placed on the tables. While working, she gave Sam a curious look, but kept her distance. Linda emerged with a cup of coffee in each hand, and placed one in front of Sam. 
The pleasant aroma of the freshly ground coffee hovered in the air. 
“This is one of my little guilty pleasures,” Linda admitted. “I have four or five cups a day, and can’t start my day without my coffee.” 
Sam smiled and took a sip of the bitter black liquid. 
Linda’s pleasant laugh rang out through the diner when she saw the sour expression on his face. 
She leaned over and passed him the bowl of sugar. “Here, try some of this.”
He added two teaspoon’s of sugar, stirred, and carefully took another sip. 
He smiled, and nodded. “This is much better, thanks.”
While they enjoyed their coffee, the brunch crowd started to file into the diner. By the time Sam put his empty mug down, most of the tables were occupied, and a lot of curious eyes were looking his way. Everyone in town knew about the mysterious stranger that stumbled into the park, and Linda could see the stares made Sam uncomfortable.
She nodded her head at the door. “Let’s get out of here.” 
When they exited the diner, the street was filled with parked cars. Right across the diner entrance, the sheriff’s cruiser was parked in the shade of a building.
Sheriff Carter leaned with her back against the car, cleaning her sunglasses, acting like she was there coincidently. But Linda knew that Janine checked on Sam. 
“Good morning.” Her greeting was friendly, but the friendliness in her voice didn’t reach her eyes. “Feeling better?” she asked, and Sam nodded. 
“Is there any news on Sam?” Linda inquired.
The sheriff shook her head. “No, nothing yet, but I had a thought. Sam, do you think you can find the place again where you woke up?” 
Sam frowned. “I don’t know. I was quite delirious when I stumbled into town, but I can try to locate the spot.” 
“There might be something out there that can give us a clue to your identity, and if that’s the case, I would like to take a look,” the sheriff said.
The next morning, the sun still struggled over the horizon, when the sheriff and Sam set off on foot from the hill where Sam saw the town of White River for the first time. Sam tried to retrace his steps, but the wind blew loose sand over his tracks, making it difficult to follow. He found the place where he crossed the dry river bed, and made sure he kept the mountain at his back. They were both carrying two water bottles. Sam found his trip back to the tree where he woke up much easier without having to worry about dying from thirst. 
They walked for three hours when Sam recognized his tree and pointed it out. “There it is!” 
It looked the same, but any trace that Sam was there, wiped out by the gusting wind. Sam explained where he woke up, and showed the sheriff the rise he stood on when he heard the train horn. She circled the tree, searching for any sign of how Sam got there, but found nothing. She searched for over an hour while Sam sat in the shade of the tree, waiting.
“Sam, come see this,” he heard her call, and rushed over to where the sheriff stood with her hands on her hips, staring at the ground. There was a scorch mark, roughly the size of a car, slightly covered with sand, but clearly visible. 
“What am I looking at?” he asked.
The sheriff looked at him curiously then shook her head. “I don’t know, but whatever it was burnt completely. There’s no sign left to indicate what it might have been.” 
She picked up a piece of caked together soil, and her eyes widened at the sight of the rough piece of glass. 
“Whatever burnt here was hot enough that it caused the sand to melt into glass,” she said. 
Unable to give an explanation, Sam just stared at the spot. The sheriff searched the area from every angle.
 “This burn is fresh too, I would say, no older than two weeks.” She didn’t say it aloud, but it was around the time Sam woke up next to the tree. 
She searched for another half an hour, and when she couldn’t shed any more light on the scorched earth, she gave up and they headed back to town. The sheriff hoped to find some answers out there, but she only got more questions.

Chapter 4

When Linda pulled into the hospital parking lot, Janine waited for her. The sheriff leaned with her back against the cruiser, arms folded, staring out into the distance. A frown formed on Linda’s forehead at the sight of her sister. The past four years things have been well between them, but before that, not so much. Linda used to be much wilder, and often ended up in the wrong relationships. Janine warned her against her last boyfriend, but she didn’t want to listen, and almost died after a severe beating by his hands.
Janine, a city detective at the time, hunted him down. When he resisted arrest, she beat him to the ground. He pulled a gun on her, and she shot him three times in the chest. Linda was only six when their parents died in a car crash. A ten year old Janine promised her that she would always watch out for her, a promise Janine took serious. Linda didn’t make it easy for Janine to keep that promise, she was forever the rebel. 
After Linda finished college it got worse. She got into one bad relationship after the other, until she ended beaten and bruised in hospital. Shortly after that incident, Janine took the job as Sheriff of White River and dragged her along. The first year she resented Janine for it, but then she bought the farm and everything changed. Linda grew up and stayed away from the attentions of the local bachelors.
Linda walked over to Janine, a friendly smile on her face. 
“Morning Sis, what brings you out here?” she asked innocently, although she had a good idea. 
Janine nodded to her sister. “I see you spend a lot of time with the stranger.”
 “Is that a question or an accusation?” Linda asked. 
Janine sighed as Linda got defensive. She knew her sister well and had to tread carefully. 
“Linda, we know nothing of this man. The fact that I can’t find anything about him really worries me, and I don’t want you to get into a bad situation again.”
Linda stared at Janine for a few moments. She remembered what happened the last time she ignored a warning from her sister. 
She sighed. “Janine, it’s nothing like that. I enjoy Sam’s company. He’s easy to talk to, and I can be myself around him without any expectations or demands from him. He’s a friend, nothing more.” 
Janine knew not to push too hard, or she would end up making it worse.
She smiled. “Just be careful, and don’t overdo it.” 
Mock shock played on Linda’s face. “What, me? Never!” 
Janine shook her head, and got into the cruiser.
“I’ve rounds to do. See you around,” she said. 
Linda watched her drive off. “I bet you will.”
“What was that all about?” Sam asked when Linda walked into his room. He was already dressed in the denims, plaid shirt, and yellow sneakers. As per their arrangement, he was to accompany Linda on her delivery route. 
She looked at his face and noticed the concern, concern for her. 
She smiled. “Janine doesn’t trust you or your intentions with me.” She laughed at the look of shock on Sam’s face. 
“Don’t worry, I told her I’m a big girl now and can take care of myself,” she added.
Sam frowned. “I hope you said I have no intentions with you. She has a gun, and scares me a little.” 
Linda nodded. “Yes, if she thinks you are a threat to me, she would use it. But don’t worry, I told her we’re just friends who enjoy each other’s company.” 
Sam looked serious. “As far as I know you’re my only friend.” 
Linda took a seat next to him on the bed. “Don’t worry. I’m sure your memory will return. You have to give it time.” 
Sam gave her a wry smile. “I hope so, because I don’t like not knowing anything about myself.”
Linda looked at him for a moment, her voice barely a whisper. “Maybe you have a wife and kids somewhere waiting for you, worried about you.” 
He noticed the sad expression on her face, and held his hand in the air. “I don’t think so, see, no evidence of a wedding ring.” 
She shook her head. “That doesn’t mean anything. Maybe you’re one of those men who prefer not to wear a ring.” 
Sam thought it over. “Possibly, but I don’t think so. If married, I’m sure I’ll be proud to wear a wedding ring to show I’m taken.” 
Linda smiled at him. “Yes, I got that impression too.”
Later Sam stood outside the train station, watching as the train slowly snaked away from the small town. The train blew its horn as it approached a crossing, and Sam felt gratitude towards it. For all he knew, it was the same train that saved his life. He sighed and his thoughts drifted back to the conversation he had with Linda earlier. It unsettled him more than he let on. Linda was a beautiful woman, and those emerald green eyes were mesmerizing. She was also his only friend in town and he really enjoyed her company. She was easy to talk to, and although they only met a short time ago, it felt like they knew each other much longer. But Sam couldn’t get romantically involved with her.
He was still lost in his internal debate when Linda appeared with a push trolley stacked with a few boxes. He rushed over to give her a hand, and together they loaded the boxes on to the back of her truck. 
When she turned the key to start the truck she said, “Small delivery today, only three stops. It’s getting less each week. This shouldn’t take long, so how about I show you the farm when we’re done?” 
Sam was quite curious to visit the much talked about farm, and he nodded eagerly. Andy’s Diner was their last stop and he helped Linda unload the box. He carried it inside and she showed him where to stack it in the storeroom. 
They were about to get back into the truck when the squealing sound of tires caught their attention. Both jerked their heads around, the police cruiser racing towards them. Behind the steering wheel, Sheriff Carter had a look of determination on her face. The cruiser came to a screeching halt, with smoke bellowing from the screaming tires. 
The door flew open, and the sheriff jumped out with her gun in hand, pointing it at Sam’s chest. “Keep your hands where I can see them!” 
He stood frozen, not only with shock, but he didn’t want to give the Sheriff any reason to pull that trigger. 
Linda ran around the truck, a look of shock and betrayal on her face. 
“Are you out of your mind?” she screamed at her sister. Janine ignored her, and kept the pistol trained on Sam. 
“What’s this all about Sheriff,” Sam asked calmly. The soothing sound of his voice stopped Linda in her tracks. 
She stared at him for a moment, and then turned back to her sister. With venom in her voice she asked, “Yes, what’s this all about Sheriff?”
Without taking her eyes of Sam, the sheriff answered. “Linda stay out of it. This is police business.” 
But Linda was furious and had no plan to stay out of it. She planted herself firmly between her sister and Sam. He frowned down at her, and realized she didn’t grasp the seriousness of the situation. The moment the sheriff got out of the car, he felt the tension, but Linda failed to recognize it. 
“Linda, calm down, it’s ok. Let’s hear what the Sheriff has to say,” he said in a soft, soothing voice.   
Without looking at him she said, “Not before she lowers that gun.” 
With her sister glaring at her, the sheriff slowly lowered the weapon. She held her left hand up at Sam, while holstering the pistol with her right.
“Please don’t hurt her,” she begged.
Sam was stumped, and the sheriff’s words took Linda by surprise. 
She turned around, and faced Sam with her hands on her hips. “What’s she talking about?” 
Sam kept his hands raised, and didn’t dare to move. “I don’t know, but I’m sure if we give her a chance to explain, she’ll tell us.”
The sheriff walked forward, slowly, her suspicious eyes fixed on Sam. 
She took out her handcuffs. “Let me cuff him, and then I’ll explain everything.” 
Linda was about to step away, when she noticed the cuffs. 
She stopped. “No! Explain first. There’s no need for all of this.” 
Still not moving, Sam said, “Linda, everything will be fine. Step away. Let’s get this over with so she can explain what’s going on.” He turned around, and held his hands behind his back. 
Before Linda could say or do anything, the sheriff moved with practiced speed and precision, and slapped the cuffs on Sam’s wrists. 
“I need to take him to the station for questioning,” she said. 
Sam moved towards the cruiser, but Linda jumped in front of them.
“No!” she shouted. “Not until you tell me what’s going on.” 
The sheriff looked at the anger and confusion on her sister’s face.
She sighed. “I got a call from a detective in Miami. He recognized the picture I posted on the missing person’s database. It matches a sketch from an eye witness in a serial killer case over there. He’s on his way here and asked me to detain this man until he got here.”
It felt like every drop of blood in his veins turned to ice, and he closed his eyes. Sam had no recollection of what the sheriff talked about, but could also not dispute it. Ever since he woke up in the hospital, every day he hoped word would come of his past, but he didn’t expect that. When the Sheriff raised the possibility earlier that he might be a fugitive, he laughed it off because he didn’t feel like a bad man. But it appeared that he truly didn’t know himself. 
Linda’s face was filled with shock. She spun towards him. “Is this true?” 
He stared at her for a moment, unsure what to say. When tears ran down her cheeks, he swallowed hard. “Linda, I’m sorry, but I truly can’t remember. I can’t tell you if it’s true or not.” 
For a moment, she stared at Sam. She observed the sincerity in his troubled eyes. Linda made up her mind, turned to her sister, her voice still cold.
“You’re wrong,” she said. 
The sheriff helped Sam in to the back of the cruiser.
She turned to Linda. “We’ll see.”
When the sheriff brought the cruiser to a stop at the Police Station, Linda’s truck parked right behind her. 
“Linda, go home. Don’t make me arrest you too,” the sheriff said, and pulled Sam from the cruiser. 
Linda was now over her initial shock and anger filled her entire body.  “You already arrested one innocent person today, what’s another?” 
Janine, taken aback by the icy tone in Linda’s voice, led Sam into the station and down the stairs to the holding area. She pushed Sam into one of the empty cells, spun him around, and removed the handcuffs. Before he could even blink, the heavy steel door shut behind him with a loud clang.
Sam had no intention to escape, but his mind raced with conflicting thoughts. What if it was true? What if he was a murderer? The thought made him nauseous and weak in the knees. He stumbled forward and flopped down on the bed in the corner. The small room only contained a bed, a toilet, and a wash basin, which looked like it hasn’t been used in a while. He continued to wrestle with his thoughts, trying desperately to remember anything of his past, but his memories remained a dark void.
“Can I talk to him?” Linda asked when Janine emerged from the stairs. 
The sheriff got angry and shouted at her sister, “Linda, go home. He’s a murder suspect that took both of us for a ride, and the sooner you accept that, the better.” 
Linda, shocked by her sister’s outburst, stood and glared at the sheriff. She turned around and walked away, but stopped in the doorway.  “You’re wrong, and you’re going to feel like an ass when you find that Sam is innocent.”
Janine watched her sister get into the Silverado and drive away. She looked tired when she muttered, “I hope so little sister. For your sake, I hope so.”

Chapter 5

Sam woke up in the semi-dark cell. Dim light filtered in from the stairwell. His body sore from lying on the hard jail bed for four days. The first two days, an angry and irate Sheriff Carter continuously interrogated him. She seemed convinced that he lied to her about his amnesia. 
Not even when Doc Percy assured her he that he was not faking it, did she accept it. Apart from a brief visit by Doc, she didn’t let anybody else in to see him. At one time he heard two women screaming at each other. Linda tried to visit, but the sheriff refused.
Sam had anger towards the sheriff for the way she treated him, but felt terrible that he was the cause of bad feelings between the sisters. They were on complete opposite sides. As much as the Sheriff believed he was guilty, so hard did Linda argue in his defense, believing in his innocence. 
He got an idea about the kind of person that Linda was. She would stand by her friends, and if she believed in you, nobody would change her mind, until evidence was produced to show otherwise. Her belief in him was unsettling, because Sam was scared he would disappoint her, something he never wanted to do. Since the first moment he woke up in the hospital, she had been a good friend and nothing but kind to him.
Late the previous afternoon the detective from Miami arrived. He had to drive to White River. All air traffic had been grounded due to increased solar activity that caused malfunctions with the aircraft’s instruments. He also had to make several detours when some roads were blocked by rioting. 
He carried the sketch of the suspect that resembled Sam, or it would have been, if he cut his hair short. Detective Harper wanted to take him back to Miami, but the sheriff was not prepared to release Sam on the basis of the sketch alone. She was well aware that Linda would never forgive her, especially if it turned out that Sam was innocent. 
The detective produced pictures of all eleven victims of the serial killer, and they were gruesome. Sam did not believe he could do that to fellow humans, and the sight of the pictures revolted him. He didn’t remember his life before, but the person he was now would not have done those deeds. A sick individual who took pleasure in what he did, cut all those people into pieces, and Sam didn’t believe he could deliberately harm another person.
 The detective informed them that they had a DNA sample of the killer, and the sheriff told him that Doc took DNA from Sam and had it sent to the City Lab in Little Rock to be analyzed. Late in the afternoon the detective left for Little Rock thinking he could hurry the results. Waiting in the small town drove him crazy.
 In Sam’s cell, a small window near the ceiling looked into the alley behind the police building. Even if he stood on top of the bed and looked through the window, Sam didn’t see much, other than to tell day from night. When the sheriff brought Sam coffee, the sun shined brightly outside. Spending all the time with Linda, he grew a liking for the hot liquid with the pleasing aroma.
The sheriff handed him the plain white mug, and although not happy with her, it was his first coffee in four days, so he accepted it with a slight nod of the head. But he did not say a word. The sheriff stared at him for a moment and sighed. She noticed the change in him, and knew it was her fault. All friendliness and the ready smile he had, was gone. His shoulders tense and his face edged in hard lines. His brilliant, crystal blue eyes ice cold. With the steamy mug of coffee in his hands, he sat down on the bed and ignored her stare. A few moments later she left the cell area without a word, angry with herself, something she could not explain.
Around noon the following day, the phone rang in the sheriff’s office. Since Sam’s arrest, she did not leave the building, and on the first ring, she picked up the receiver. 
“Sheriff Carter,” she said in her strong clear voice. 
Moments later footsteps came down the stairs. Instantly, Sam knew the phone call was about him, and his heart pounded wildly in his chest. She stood in front of the cell door, and stared at him for a moment.
Her voice sounded tired. “Sam, my first priority is to protect this town. When you arrived here with no memory, I was uneasy, but you posed no threat. However, when I received that call from Detective Harper, it was a different story. Believe me, it was not personal. I only did my job.” 
He looked at her face, and saw the fight had left it. She removed the big brass key from her pocket, and unlocked the door. The heavy steel door swung open, and Sam came to his feet. 
“Come to my office,” she said, and walked out. 
He took a deep breath and followed her up the stairs. Janine took a seat behind a desk in the main area, which was previously the deputy’s desk. She glanced at Sam’s face, still hard, but with anticipation in his eyes. 
She inhaled and exhaled slowly. “The results of the DNA test proved you didn’t do it. You’re free to go.” 
Relief washed through him, he gave a short laugh and slapped his leg. Then realization set in, and the smile disappeared from his face. For a moment Janine wondered if he understood what she said.
“Where do I go Sheriff?” he asked. 
If there was any doubt in her mind that Sam faked his amnesia, the unsure, lost expression on his face wiped it away. 
The Sheriff thought about it for a moment. “Let me make a few phone calls. I’m sure there’s a place in town you can stay for a while.” 
About to pick up the phone, she stopped at the sound of Linda’s voice. “That won’t be necessary. He already has a place to stay.” 
Linda stood in the doorway, a look of annoyance on her face. Sam got to his feet when he saw her. Janine noticed how the hardness melted from his face at the sight of her sister.
Linda rushed into his arms, clinging to him. “I knew you were innocent.” 
He held her tight, his eyes closed. The heat of her body against his, and he drank in her presence, but only for a moment. He let her go, knowing that it can’t be. Once apart, he looked at the Sheriff and noticed the troubled look in her eyes. Linda was her little sister and he half expected to get arrested again. 
Before anybody said a word, Linda grabbed his arm. “Come. Let’s get out of here before she finds another reason to arrest you.”
The sheriff got up from behind her desk. “Now hold on a minute. Where are you taking him?”
Linda stopped in her tracks and swung around to face her sister. Her eyes sparkled with anger. “Away from you.” 
Janine raised her eyebrows at the coldness in her sister’s voice and said sarcastically, “Let me guess, your spare room?” 
Linda nodded. “Yes, so you know where he’ll be at all times.” 
The tone of her voice caused pain in Janine’s eyes, but she ignored it, still too upset to care. Janine knew her sister well enough to know that it would be useless to argue, so she waved them away with an impatient gesture of her hand. 
Sam looked at Linda, and then to the Sheriff. “Sheriff, if you need to arrest me again, all you need to do is ask, I’ll come peacefully. No need for guns. I promise I won’t resist.” 
Janine stared at him, and she sounded irritated. “Don’t tell me how to do my job. Now get out of here before I change my mind.” But she got his point. Sam won’t do anything to put Linda in danger. 
Without another word, they turned around and left the building. When Sam stepped outside into the bright sunlight, he stopped, and took a deep breath of fresh air, enjoying the feeling of freedom. Linda smiled understandingly. It made her happy to see him smile again. 
Sam did not enjoy being locked up. He had a feeling that he couldn’t explain, of being locked up before. Not a memory, but a distinct emotion he couldn’t shake. It took all his self-control to keep from losing it in the cell, and it troubled him. He wanted to scream, and rip the cell door from its hinges to escape, but instead, he laid on his bed and thought of Linda to keep his mind occupied.
It was a short ride out to the farm, and done in silence. Their embrace at the police station was spontaneous, but it made things awkward between them. The farm was only four kilometers out of town on a flat piece of land. Once they took the turn off, they were on a dirt road lined with dead trees that once formed a natural tunnel.  The house and farm buildings were behind a slight rise and not easy to spot from the road. The small farm house appeared run down and took a beating from the natural elements. Linda drove to the back and stopped in front of the raised porch. 
“Welcome to my humble home,” she said, her voice filled with pride. 
Not a big house, only two bedrooms with a small bathroom, a lounge and a big kitchen. The walk in pantry once filled with groceries, now stood empty. The farm had several out buildings, some used for storage while others were empty. A hundred meters from the house, directly opposite the porch, a huge empty concrete dam, a quarter the size of a football field, baked in the hot sun. The sides were built with natural rock, so you had to be up close to see if it contained water, or stood on the porch. On the left side, behind the dam, were two wind pumps. Only five meters apart, their rotors turned eagerly in the afternoon breeze, but their discharge pipes in to the dam remained dry.
To the right of the dam, a small brick building, the pumping station which used to pump water to the three growing tunnels next to it. The structures stood abandoned in the glaring sun. 
“It was a sight when these tunnels were in full production,” Linda said with sadness in her voice. 
Sam tried to picture the tunnels full of growing vegetables, but couldn’t. They walked to the side of the house. She showed him the well-stocked shed, filled with tools, lumber, pipes and various other materials used to maintain the farm at one point. 
“Most of this stuff was left by old man Perkins when I bought the place,” Linda explained.
When they walked up the stairs to the porch, Sam noticed the porch railing and steps had broken planks, and made a mental note to fix it. When he walked into the neat kitchen, it took him by surprise. In stark contrast to the run down outside, the inside was well kept. In the middle of the floor stood a huge eight seated kitchen table made of solid oak. Next to the shiny washing sink was a gas stove, and against the back wall, an old noisy gas refrigerator. Next to it stood a twenty two liter water bottle with a water dispenser, which supplied their drinking water. 
Linda showed Sam to his bedroom, which contained a single bed by the window and a dresser in the corner. A fragrance of pine cleaner hung in the room, although the musty smell from standing empty for a long time still lingered. 
“I hope you don’t mind, but I collected some second hand clothes around town, which I stocked in the dresser. I’m pretty good with sizes so it should fit,” she said.
Sam’s smile was filled with gratitude. “Linda, I really appreciate all that you have done for me, and for believing in me.” 
She returned the smile. “Think nothing of it. I’m just helping a friend.”
Sam held her gaze for a moment. Those emerald eyes were hypnotizing. 
He sighed. “Linda, I like you a lot, but you should know that I don’t want to give you the wrong impression.” 
He held up a hand when she wanted to interrupt and continued, “I can offer you no more than friendship until I know more about myself. Without my past, there’s no future for me.” 
She nodded understandingly. “Sam, other than my sister, I haven’t had a friend in a long time. I enjoy your company, but for now, your friendship is all I need.”
Sam stared at her for a moment, and then said softly, “Your sister just did her job, you shouldn’t be angry with her.” 
She snorted. “Sometimes she’s doing her job too well. Anyway, I saw your face at the police station. You were not too happy with her either.” 
Sam smiled. “No, I’m not, but she’s not my sister.” 
Linda shook her head. “I’ll forgive her in time, but for now, allow me to be angry at her. She was pig-headed about you, and I kept telling her she was wrong, but she didn’t want to listen.” 
Sam grinned. “Yes, I heard. But from the jail cell, it sounded more like yelling than telling.” 
Linda’s cheeks turned pink and she turned away quickly. “You get settled while I fix us some coffee.”

Chapter 6

“Sam, I’m so sorry,” Linda said when they pulled into the farm the following day.
That morning she asked him to accompany her on the delivery rounds. The townspeople knew of Sam’s innocence, and that all charges against him were dropped. Sam and Linda expected some weirdness, but were unprepared for the hostility from most of the people. When Sam first arrived in town, they were curious and willing to give him a chance, but now, he was a stranger, and not to be trusted. 
Sam pulled back his shoulders. “It’s not your fault, but if you don’t mind, from now on I’d rather stay here on the farm. There’s a lot of work to be done that can keep me busy, that’s if you don’t mind me doing it.” 
Linda shook her head. “Of course I don’t mind, but it’s not necessary.” 
Sam stared at her for a moment. “Linda, it’s the least I can do for all the help and friendship you’re giving me.” 
Linda was quiet for a few moments, thinking it over, and then smiled. “Knock yourself out. I think you’ll find there’s enough to do here to keep you busy for two lifetimes.”
A few days later, late one afternoon, Sam removed broken pieces of wood from the porch, when Linda returned from town. She carried two containers of water and handed him one. 
“What’s this?” he asked. 
Without looking at him she walked past. “Your quota of washing water.” 
Sam gave a sarcastic laugh. “I’m surprised they let you bring me some.” 
Linda paused at the top of the stairs. “They didn’t want to, but Janine convinced them that you’re my guest, and begged for their tolerance.”
He stared at her, his mouth slightly open, and the only thing he could say was, “Oh.” 
Linda smiled. “Don’t worry. I don’t think she did it for you. It’s probably to gain favor with me.”
Sam pretended to be shocked. “It’s definitely not for me. I think she would rather have me back in a cell.” 
Linda laughed and the happy sound rolled across the farm.
They decided to share a five liter of water, and took turns to wash in the little basin in the bathroom. 
“Don’t let the water out when you’re done. You can use it to shave in the morning before we use it for the toilet,” Linda said when she was done, and left the bathroom so Sam could have some privacy. 
Sharing a bottle of water left them an extra they could use the following day, which meant they could wash every day, instead of every second day.
The next morning they were having breakfast when the Sheriff’s cruiser pulled into the yard. 
“My babysitter’s here,” Sam said sarcastically, and Linda snorted in reply.
“Good morning,” the sheriff greeted cheerfully when she entered the kitchen. 
“Morning,” they both muttered with mouths full of dried toast, which they rinsed down with a swallow of coffee. The sheriff sniffed the air, smelling the charming aroma of the freshly brewed coffee.
“That smells wonderful,” she said.
Linda waved her towards the coffee pot. “Help yourself.”
Janine poured a cup, took a sip, and glared at the two by the table. “Will the two of you stay angry with me for the rest of your lives? How many times should I say I’m sorry?”
They both looked up in surprise.
“Funny, I never heard an apology, did you Sam?” Linda asked. He shook his head.
“I let him go didn’t I?” Janine said. 
Linda groaned. “Is that your idea of an apology?” 
Janine took another sip, trying to hide her smile. “Yes, what else did you expect, flowers?”
Sam and Linda looked at each other and shook their heads.
The Sheriff placed her empty cup in the kitchen sink. “Anyway, I stopped by to tell Sam that there’s nothing new, and that the results of his DNA tests didn’t provide any answers either.” 
She gave him a wry smile. “And nobody came looking for you again. Besides, with the drought, the authorities have their hands full with looters and riots that are breaking out everywhere. A missing person is pretty low on their priority list right at the moment.” 
Linda looked concerned. “Is it that bad?” 
Janine nodded. “Yes, especially in the cities. So far our little town had been lucky and dealing with the restrictions quite well. If it weren’t for the Carson Brothers getting drunk every weekend and ending up in jail for disturbing the peace, I wouldn’t have any work.”
Over the next few weeks a routine emerged. Sam continued to work around the farm. He found he had quite a knack for fixing things. Twice a day, the sheriff stopped by to check on Sam, and brought titbits of news. The riots spread as water dried everywhere, and food supplies dwindled. In White River they were stocked quite well, but even with decreased rations, only estimated to have food and water left for two months. 
The army missed its second water delivery in as many weeks, and water for washing was restricted to five liters per person a week. From what they could gather from the news, it was worse everywhere else, so nobody left town. After a town hall meeting with the entire town present, after much arguing and deliberation, they reached a decision to hand over all remaining food stocks to Andy. He was handed the responsibility to feed the entire town, free of charge. Ten people were required to volunteer and help out every day. With not much going on in the town, there were no shortage in volunteers.
Every afternoon Linda went to the diner to fetch their daily meal. Sam chose to stay on the farm, and kept an eye on things while Linda was away. Janine tried to convince them to move to town, but they refused. 
Sam leaned on his elbows at the edge of the dam, staring at the wind pumps. Their rotors raced in the strong afternoon wind, the pump rods moved fiercely up and down, but in vain. The discharge pipes remained dry. Sam stared at the pipes and sighed, if only water flowed out of there. 
Then he saw it. 
In the mouth of the left discharge pipe, something glistened in the sun, hung there for a moment, and then dropped down into the dry dam. Sam blinked his eyes, not sure if he imagined it, but as he watched, it happened again.
With an ever increasing heartbeat, he jumped into the dam and ran over to the pipe. He looked at the mouth of the pipe, a drop of water clinging to the metal until it got too heavy, and fell. Sam held out his hand, and the drop splashed in to his outstretched palm. He stared at it, hypnotized by the wetness. He laughed, unsure what to make of it. Sam looked up, reached, and ran his finger around the inside of the pipe. He pulled his hand back, and stared in amazement at his wet finger.
He heard Linda’s truck pull in, climbed out of the dam, and ran over to her.
“You got to come see this,” he said excited.
She stepped out of the truck and left their dinner on the hood. He grabbed her hand and led her to the dam. Sam jumped in and helped her down. He took Linda to the discharge pipe and pointed at the mouth.
“Look!” he said, barely able to contain himself.
It took her a moment to realize what she looked at.
“Is that … no … it can’t be!” she said and stood in amazement. She watched the droplet form and fall into the palm of her outstretched hand.
“What does this mean?” she asked confused. 
Sam laughed. “I don’t know.” 
He frowned and thought for a moment. “You said you had the wells tested when they ran dry?” 
She shook her head. “No, they only tested one.” She pointed to the pump on the right. “That one. The wells both ran dry within days of each other, and after they tested the one, we assumed they both ran dry.” 
Sam stared at the wind pumps, watching their rotors turn, their speed slowed down significantly as the wind calmed down. He looked at the mouth of the pipe, but didn’t see any more drops form. 
He pointed at the pump. “Look, when the wind calmed, the drops stopped.”
Linda looked at him puzzled. “I don’t understand, what does this mean?” 
Sam stared at the pump, scratched his head then turned to her. “I want to pull these pipes and have a look at the pump at the bottom of that hole.” 
She noticed the excitement in his eyes, which seem even more blue than usual. 
She frowned. “You know how to do that?” 
He shook his head. “No, but it can’t be that difficult to figure out.” 
She thought about it for a moment. “Most of the tools they used when they pulled the pipes for the other well are still in the tool shed.”
They raced over to the shed, and she showed him the clamps and ropes they used. 
He inspected them and smiled. “Yes, these will work. I think I know what they did.”
Linda’s clear laughed echoed in the confines of the shed. “Great, we can start on it in the morning. Last time they used a tractor, but we can use the truck to lift the pipes. Now let’s go eat.” 
She fetched their food, which patiently waited on the hood of her truck. Over dinner they talked with excitement, and planned the events for the next day. Sam stared at Linda. For the first time in a long while, there was a sparkle in those lovely emerald eyes, and he smiled.
Early the next morning, the eastern horizon basked in a soft orange glow when Sam and Linda carried the clamps, ropes and tools to the wind pump. They both had very little sleep, too much excitement kept them awake, but it didn’t hamper their enthusiasm. It took Sam a few trips up and down the structure to figure out how the wind pump operated. He applied the brake, which stopped the rotors from turning, and secured a clamp to the pump rods. He then clamped the outer pipes just above the well, and climbed up the structure again to disconnect the pump rods from the rotor mechanism.
“How deep is the other well?” Sam asked 
“That one’s drilled to fifty meters, but I suspect if this well has water, it will be much deeper,” she replied.
Sam nodded. He secured the rope to lift the pipes to the truck’s tow bar, and removed the section of pipe and pump rod that was above ground. He then thread the other end of the rope through a pulley that he tied to the top of the wind pump structure and tied it to the pipes. 
“Ok, we’re ready to start lifting,” he said.
Linda got into the truck, and the pickup roared as it pulled against the weight of the pipes. At first it appeared that it wasn’t going to work, but Linda applied more power and the truck roared louder. Slowly, from the depths below, the pipes lifted. When a whole section was above ground, Sam whistled and Linda stopped. He secured the clamp to the bottom section and removed the top section and pump rod. 
Sam bubbled with excitement. “Look, this pump rod is still damp.”
Linda clapped her hands together like an excited school girl.
When the Sheriff arrived for her morning check in, they laid the second section on the ground.
Janine stood with her hands on her hips, watching the activity with curiosity. “What’s going on?” 
Linda shrugged. “We’re just checking something.” 
Janine gazed at the structure, and then walked over to where the pipes lay on the ground. 
Her eyes widened. “These rods are wet!”
Linda smiled. “I know.” 
Janine stared at the rods and frowned. “Is there water in this well?” 
Linda pulled her shoulders back, and explained how Sam saw the drops of water the previous afternoon. “We suspect that there might be something wrong with the pump rather than a dry well, but we won’t know for sure until Sam can have a look at it.”
Linda frowned when she remembered something.
Janine saw the expression. “What’s wrong?” 
“I just remembered, when old man Perkins showed me the place before I bought it, he mentioned that he drilled these wells with his own hands. I remember he pointed to this well, gave a crazy little chuckle and said it would give water long after everything else in the state runs dry. He looked a little coo-coo and I thought it was another one of his ramblings, so I didn’t ask about what he meant. When the wells dried, we just assumed that both wells were drilled to the same depth.” 
She glanced at Sam. “We have a suspicion that this one is drilled much deeper.”
Janine watched Sam and Linda work for a while, amazed at how well they worked together. The one knew what the other thought, not getting in each other’s way. She left them, and when she returned late in the afternoon, a heap of pipes lay next to the wind pump. Sam and Linda still worked. Physically, they were exhausted, but carried on. 
“This well is definitely much deeper. We’re already at a hundred meters, and there’s no end in sight,” Linda explained, the excitement in her voice lighting up her eyes. 
“I think we should call it a day. We can carry on in the morning,” Sam said.
 Linda nodded in agreement. “Yes, I’m exhausted.”
Janine pointed at her truck. “I knew you’re busy, so I brought your food and water.” 
Linda’s tired smile was filled with gratitude. “Thank you, Sis” 
Janine grinned. It was the first time since Sam’s arrest that Linda called her Sis. It took a while, but it seemed she was forgiven. She even got a wry smile from Sam. After Janine left, they ate, washed, and it was barely dark when they were both asleep. Their bodies were driven to the point of exhaustion, but they both fell asleep with a smile on their face.

Chapter 7

   The next morning both Sam and Linda had trouble getting out of bed. Their spirits were willing, but their bodies protested. They approached the day’s activities with the same enthusiasm as the day before, but with less speed. The first few pipes came out of the ground twice as slow as the previous day. It was past noon when Sam whistled to Linda to stop the truck. He started whooping and cheering. She hurried round the truck, and saw the strange cylindrical device.
“Is that it?” she asked.
Sam nodded. She ran forward and threw her arms around him, only to step away awkwardly a moment later. 
“Sorry,” she said blushing. 
He shook his head. “Don’t be.” 
They lowered the pump to the ground and removed the final pipe. It took him a while to open the pump, but when he did, they saw immediately what was wrong. A big, thick rubber seal on the inside had a tear in it, preventing the pump from creating the necessary suction to suck up the water and push it up the pipe.
Sam removed the rusty lock nut that held the seal in place, and lifted it from the pump. 
He looked at Linda. “Do you have any idea where we can get one of these?” 
A furrow formed on her brow. “I think there might be one in the shed. A while back, I searched for something else and noticed something like that. At the time I had no idea what it was.”
They ran to the shed, and after a brief search, pulled a box off the shelf containing two seals. 
Sam took one and compared it to the broken seal in his hand. “They match!”
It didn’t take him long to replace the seal and lock it firmly in place with the lock nut. He put the pump back together, and applied some grease to the moving parts.
“There, it’s ready to go back,” he said.
Linda smiled. “What are we waiting for, there’s still a lot of daylight left, and that needs to go down a hundred and seventy meters.”
The first few sections went painstakingly slow. They worked careful not to let something slip. If the pump fell down the well, it was gone. After working in the scorching sun for two days, both were burnt and sore, but they ignored it, and carried on working.
When the Sheriff brought them their food, they increased their pace, but still double checked everything before doing anything. 
“Are you two still busy? How deep’s this thing?” Janine asked. 
Linda smiled. “A hundred and seventy meters, and it’s on its way back.” 
Janine took a moment to realize what her sister said. Her eyes widened. “You got it out and fixed it!”
Sam nodded. “Yes, it had a broken seal. We replaced it, and now we’re lowering the pump.” 
Janine stared at them both for a moment. “Do you know what this will mean if you get that working?”
Linda looked at Sam and smiled. “Yes, I do. Not just for us, but for the entire town.” 
Janine was skeptical when they started, but now she could see the possibility if they succeeded. “How far must it still go?”
“We dropped it about fifty meters. There’s still a long way to go, and we have to be extra careful,” Sam said.
Janine thought for a moment. “How about I get some help from town, and give a hand in the morning?”
Linda glanced at Sam. “Sis, you’re welcome to give a hand, but we’ll appreciate if you don’t mention it to anybody yet. We don’t even know how much water is down there. We don’t want to get everyone’s hope up for nothing.” 
Janine thought about it for a moment. “Yes, you’re right.” She smiled. “Since when have you become the wise one?” 
Linda laughed and didn’t answer, but glanced Sam’s way, who gathered the tools. The sparkle in Linda’s eyes when she looked at Sam didn’t go unnoticed. It caught the Sheriff’s keen eye, and it troubled her.
When the Sheriff arrived in the morning, Sam and Linda sipped on their morning coffee. Janine, dressed in faded jeans and an old T-shirt, greeted them cheerfully. For the first time, Sam saw her dressed in something other than her police uniform. 
She joined them on the porch for coffee, and then they went to work. Sam took time to explain to Janine exactly what they were doing. She watched them drop two sections, to make sure she understood what needed to be done. With her help, the work went much faster, but it was already late afternoon when Sam climbed up the structure to secure the pump rod to the rotor mechanism.
He climbed up and down the structure three times to double check everything.
“That’s it. I think she’s ready,” he finally said. 
The sisters laughed, looked at each other, and then at Sam. Anticipation edged into both their faces. 
Sam took a deep breath, muttered, “Here goes nothing,” and released the brake. 
The rotors paused a moment as the wind pane aligned itself to the direction of the wind, and then creaked noisily when the huge blades started to turn. At first, the rotors turned slowly, but its speed increased until it reached a steady pace. The trio, with bated breath, watched the pump rod moved rhythmic up and down. They walked over to the edge of the dam, staring at the discharge pipe, but nothing happened. 
“That pump is deep in the ground. It will take a while for the water to rise,” Sam said.
The sisters didn’t answer. They kept staring at the pipe with wide eyes. Their very survival might depend on water flowing from that pipe. Deep down the well shaft, the pump sucked the water into the pipes, and with every movement of the rod, the water was pushed higher up the pipe. A non-return valve with the newly replaced seal prevented the water from flowing back into the well below. The water had a long way to travel up to the surface. Ten minutes later, all three still stared at the discharge pipe, wordlessly waiting, not willing to give up the hope they had. 
Then it happened.
A small stream, barely enough to fill a cup, flowed from the pipe and splashed into the dry dam. They looked at each other, smiling, holding their breaths, and then a second stream was discharged, slightly stronger. 
Sam jumped into the dam, and held his arms out to help Linda and Janine down. They ran over to where the water splashed onto the dirt. When they reached the water, the stream was stronger and steadier. Sam first let the water fell into his hands, and then stuck his face under. The cool liquid hit him with such a force in the face, for a moment, he gulped for breath.
“Oh, that’s cold,” he gasped.
He stepped away, and the ladies took turns jumping under the water, shrieking like little girls when the water hit them. Sam cupped his hands and caught a stream of water and sip tested it. 
“Wow, this water taste great,” he said, and took another drink. 
The sisters followed his example, and drank more water at once than they had in a long while. When they were done, Sam stood under the water, and let it wash the sweat and grime from his tired but happy body.
Linda hugged her sister. “I can’t believe it, we have water!” 
Sam smiled as the sisters danced in each other’s arms, water dripping from their wet bodies. Since the day he woke up in the hospital, it was the happiest he had seen them both. The water increased to a steady, thick flow into the dam, hitting the bottom with a splash, and spreading along the dry dam floor. 
Sam climbed out of the dam. “I’ll be right back.” 
He ran into the house, and a few moments later, emerged with the almost empty water container that held their drinking water. 
He filled it, and held it above his head. “We have drinking water. If this flow of water holds, we can supply the entire town with water.”
Janine wiped the wetness from her face. “I can’t wait to tell them. It will mean so much for this town. I can see it in the people’s faces every day, they’re losing hope.” 
Linda looked at Janine, and saw the compassion on her face. “Janine, just wait till morning before you tell them. We just need to make sure the water keeps on flowing, and it’s not just a pocket of water that will dry up soon.”
Janine stared at her sister, stumped by her level of maturity. “Ok, sure. I’ll check with you in the morning, and if the water is still flowing, I’ll have a chat with Mayor Ryan. We can then plan a course of action on how we’ll tell the people, and how we’ll get the water to them.” 
The next morning, the night sky to the east only had an orange tint to it, when Sam walked onto the porch, and stared at the dam. The surface glimmered in the dark, moved by the wind that was determined to play its part. He looked over at the discharge pipe, but he didn’t need to see the water. He could hear it splash into the dam, like a thin waterfall. He wanted to check the water level, but before he could run down the steps, the kitchen door flew open and Linda emerged. Her hair was a mess, and she was still in her lime green pajamas. She woke up when she heard Sam open the door, and hurried to check the water.
“Wow, would you look at that!” she exclaimed.
She put her hands together, covering her mouth. 
“I never thought I would ever see such a sight again,” she said with tears running down her face. 
Sam smiled. Those were tears of joy and relief. She turned to Sam, who only wore his denim shorts, and then her arms were around him. 
She buried her face in his bare chest. “Thank you, Sam. Even if I say that words every second for the rest of my life, it won’t be enough.”
Sam swallowed at a lump that developed in his throat. His voice was soft. “You don’t have to thank me. To see that smile on your face is worth it.”
She reluctantly let her arms fall from him, took a step back, and looked at him curiously. 
Don’t be a fool Sam. You know this can’t be, he reprimanded himself. It wouldn’t take much to get lost forever in those wonderful emerald eyes.
Before she could get out a word, he said, “Come, let’s go see the water.” 
For a second she watched as he ran down the steps, then gave a laugh and followed him to the edge of the dam. Up close it was an even better sight. In the stillness of the morning, the sound of the turning rotors, and the water splashing into the dam pleased their ears.
Sam looked at her, gave a laugh, and with his hands on the edge, pushed down with his arms and vaulted over the edge into the water. He gasped as his bare feet hit the cold water. 
Linda kicked of her slippers and shouted, “Catch me.” 
She jumped over and he caught her halfway down, but her momentum toppled them over and they both fell into the ankle deep water. They sat up and laughed like two kids, playing in the shallow water. Sam looked around, realizing that although only ankle deep, the dam contained a lot of water already.
He got to his feet and stared towards the growing houses.
“Now that there’s water, do you think you can plant again?” he asked. 
She stood next to him, staring at the three greenhouses, their silhouettes outlined against the sky in the morning light.
 “If we can get the pump to work, I see no reason why not,” she answered.
Sam sloshed through the water to where the inlet pipe from the greenhouse pump entered the dam. The pipe exited the back of the pump house, and then curved over the dam wall. It bent down in an L shape towards the ground, where it hovered just above the current level of the water.
Sam pointed at the pipe. “The water level almost reaches the inlet pipe. I’ll have a look at the pump today and see if I can get it working.”
They heard the sound of the police cruiser when Janine pulled into the yard. 
“She’s impatient,” Linda remarked.
Sam grinned. “Yes, just like us.” 
He helped her out, gripped the edge of the dam wall, and pulled himself up and over the edge with little effort. The sheriff walked toward them, but she didn’t see them. Her eyes were fixed on the water, staring in wonder. 
“A great sight isn’t it?” Linda asked.
Only then did the Janine realize they were out there. She looked at them, water dripping from their wet clothes. Janine had a disapproving look on her face, but Linda ignored her. 
She turned to her sister. “You may inform the major that the town can fetch water from today.”

Chapter 8

Janine left the farm and drove straight to the mayor’s office that was situated in Town Hall, next to the police station. Ever since Mayor Timothy Ryan was first elected twenty years ago, Alice Marley had been his secretary. Every week day morning, she arrived early to ensure everything in the mayor’s office was where it should be. That morning was no exception. 
“Morning, Sheriff,” she greeted friendly.
Janine returned her greeting. “Alice, I need to speak to the mayor, and it is quite urgent. When is he expected to be in the office?” 
Alice saw the urgency on the sheriff’s face. “He won’t be in till nine, but if it is that urgent, I’ll call him immediately.”
She went to her desk, made the call, and informed Janine the mayor would be there in ten minutes. He stayed in a house behind the town hall building, only a short stroll into the office. Exactly ten minutes later, Mayor Ryan walked through the door. 
Timothy Ryan, a tall man in his sixties, with a slight beer belly and a full head of hair, white with age. He wore a light grey suit, and his demeanor instilled confidence. Mayor Ryan was not a politician. He was a man that genuinely cared for the welfare of the town. Every year when it was time for re-election, he was simply reinstated, because nobody stood against him. The citizens of White River were happy with the work he did, and they told him to carry on doing it.
“Morning, Sheriff,” he said as he walked into his office. “What’s so urgent that it can’t wait?” 
Janine greeted him and stared at him for a moment. “Mayor, the drought caused major headaches for this town, and things are quite dire.” 
The mayor sighed. He sounded tired. “Yes, Janine, I know. It’s not getting any better either. The army hasn’t made a water delivery in weeks. I have no idea when we can expect the next one, or if there even will be a next one. All the phone lines went down yesterday, both landlines and cell phones. I don’t have any other means to contact them.” 
Janine smiled. “Mayor, I have some good news. Things might have gotten a whole lot better.” 
The mayor raised his bushy eyebrows, curiosity etched on his face, a flicker of hope in his eyes. Janine explained what Sam and Linda were up to, and how they found water on the farm.
 Mayor Ryan’s eyes lit up, and a he looked much happier. “That sure is good news!”
He suggested they call an emergency town hall meeting, which the entire town would attend, to inform the citizens. The mayor called Alice to make the arrangements, and two hours later the town hall was packed with people. 
Silence fell over the sea of townspeople when the mayor and the sheriff took to the stage. Mayor Ryan looked over the crowd, anticipation evident on every face. He started by thanking everyone for attending, and then got right down to business.
“Everyone is well aware of the drought and our water situation. The army hasn’t delivered water in weeks, and there’s no sign of the train either. All my inquiries have fallen on deaf ears, so it looks like we’re on our own.” 
An uneasy murmur drifted through the hall. People stood because the hall had not enough seating for everyone. The mayor held up his arms, indicating them to settle down. He wasn’t done talking yet.
He waited till everyone quietened. “A month ago, a stranger with no memory walked into our town. Some of you met Sam. He’s staying with Sheriff Carter’s sister Linda, out on her farm.” 
Again the hall broke out in murmurs, but more aggressively. A few people voiced their concerns out loud. 
A tall, lean middle aged man with a rigid face shouted, “We don’t need outsiders here, especially not criminals!” 
A woman next to him added, “Yes, we don’t need scum like that in our town!” 
A lot more shouting broke out all over the hall. Janine stormed forward, angry at the insults thrown toward Sam in his absence. But the mayor grabbed her arm, gently holding her back. He smiled at her reassuringly, which stopped her in her tracks.
He held up his arms again, and his voice boomed through the hall. “Everyone shut the hell up!” 
The people had never heard their mayor talk like that before, and silence fell over the crowd. Mayor Ryan glared at them.
When he spoke again, his voice was calm. “First of all, Frank, he was wrongfully arrested, and cleared of all charges against him. Secondly Mavis, he may just have saved all our lives!”
 Janine felt a pang of guilt at the wrongfully arrested part, but had a slight smile when she saw astonishment on all their faces. Mayor Ryan half expected another outburst, but everyone stared at him in stunned silence.
The mayor placed both his hands on the pedestal. “Sam found water on the farm. It turns out that one of the wells never dried up, the pump was merely broken. Through keen observation, Sam noticed this. Over the past few days, with the help of Linda and the sheriff, he fixed it. They could have kept this to themselves, but graciously decided to share this with the town instead. So Mavis, every sip of that water you take, please remember who’s responsible for that!”
Nobody said a word, and Mavis tugged on a strand of hair, and hung her head in shame.  
“I need a volunteer to keep an eye over the daily distribution of water out on the farm,” the Mayor asked.
A few hands went up, but Frank stepped forward. “I’ll do it!” he said in his deep husky voice. 
The mayor and the sheriff smiled at each other. They both thought him to be the best man for the job, but he was an odd character. If they asked him, he would have said no. This way, he volunteered.
After the meeting, it didn’t take long before a sea of activity arrived on the farm. Frank Hurley, an ex-army colonel, had a commanding presence about him. When he spoke, people tended to listen. He commandeered the services of the Sharp brothers, Edward and Nathan, to help with keeping order on the farm. They were also ex-army, and more than willing to help.
While Nathan assisted the people to fill their water containers from the pump, the sisters enjoyed a talk in the kitchen. Janine relayed what happened at the town hall meeting. Linda raised an eyebrow when Janine told her about the outburst against Sam, but smiled at the mayor’s reply.
Linda looked through the window toward the greenhouse, where Sam worked on getting the pump fixed. A group of people formed around him, making it difficult for him to get anything done. They shook his hand and slapped him on the back. 
“So that’s what’s going on out there,” Linda said. 
There was a hint of jealousy in her voice when a blonde haired woman hugged him. Janine followed her stare and smiled at the sight. Two weeks ago, those same people wanted him ran out of town. Janine looked at the expression on Linda’s face, and a frown formed on her forehead. 
She observed her sister and her reactions, while Linda watched Sam.
“I hope you’re not falling in love with him,” Janine said softly.
Linda whipped her head around, a slight blush on her cheeks. “Now what would give you that idea?” 
Janine raised her eyebrows without answering.
“Is it that obvious?” Linda asked.
 Janine sighed. “Please tell me you’re not sleeping with him?” 
Shock flashed across Linda’s face. “What! No. We do our best to keep our distance. Sam feels he can give no one a future without knowing his own past, and he doesn’t want to get involved.”
Janine snorted. “It seems he has more sense than I gave him credit for.”
Linda shook her head. “Sis, I don’t know who he was before, or where he came from, or what he has done, but I got to know him pretty well this past month. He’s a good, honest man, with a strong and calm assuring presence that makes me feel safe around him.” 
Janine looked intently at her sister. Linda was in love with the stranger, and nothing she said would change it. She had to tread careful, because she didn’t want Linda upset with her again.
“Be careful ok? I don’t want to see you get hurt again,” Janine pleaded.
The sun hung low in the western sky when the last of the townspeople left with their water. Frank Hurley made a rule that they were only to fetch water between 09:00 in the morning, and 15:00 in the afternoon. He didn’t want people to arrive on the farm all hours of the day and night. 
Linda walked over to where Sam still worked on the pump. Covered in dirt and oil, with a grease smear across his cheek, he smiled happily when he saw her. 
“I got it working,” he informed her. “Last week I noticed the power outages are longer and more frequent. I would like to hook the pump up to solar power, which would be a much more reliable power source.” He waves his arms around and continues, “We sure have no shortage of sunlight. Do you have any idea where I can get some solar panels?”
Linda shook her head. “I doubt you’ll find any in town, but we can find out.” 
Sam walked around the pump house and checked the water level. The water in the dam rose enough that the inlet pipe was well below the water surface.
“Let’s run her and see if the sprinkler system still works,” he said.
He flipped the switch that started the pump, and it hummed to life. The water flowed through the pump, and a few moments later, the sprinklers spluttered to life. 
“There are quite a few that are not working,” Linda observed.
“I’ll be right back,” she said over her shoulder and ran to the shed. 
A few moments later, she returned with a roll of bright red yarn, and a small step ladder. She rolled off a few lengths of the yarn and handed it to Sam.
“Mark the sprinklers that don’t work. When we turn of the pump, we know which ones to replace.” 
She kicked off her shoes, and ran into the first tunnel. Placing the ladder under the first sprinkler not spouting water, she broke off a short length of yarn and tied it to the top of the sprinkler head. Sam ducked into the second tunnel and followed her lead. He was tall enough that he didn’t need a ladder, and reached the sprinkler heads easily. Before he was done with the first sprinkler, the spray of water soaked him from head to toe, but the cool water felt heavenly against his warm skin.
   When Linda ran into the third tunnel with water dripping from her drenched body, Sam was already marking sprinklers. She moved to the opposite end, and it didn’t take them long to mark all the non-working heads. When done, Sam turned off the pump for them to inspect the sprinklers. Most of the heads were only clogged with dirt, or the occasional dead insect, but once cleaned, were ready to go. A few had to be replaced, and Sam fetched the replacement heads he found in the shed. The sun hovered just above the horizon in the west, when they replaced the last one.
Sam started the pump again and the sprinklers sprung to life, dispersing water into the tunnels. They stood and stared at the water in awe. Small rainbows formed all over the greenhouse as the tiny droplets from the spray caught the last rays of the setting sun.
“This is so beautiful,” Linda said. Her voice filled with wonder. 
Sam smiled at the happy look on her face, it filled him with joy. 
Linda looked at Sam, water dripping from her wet hair. “Tomorrow we can prepare the soil for planting.”
Sam was about to turn off the pump, when Janine pulled into the yard. 
“Wait, I want her to see this,” Linda said. 
She ran towards Janine, beckoning her to the greenhouse. They met halfway between the tunnels and the cruiser. Linda grabbed her sister’s hand, and led her to the tunnels, bubbling with excitement. Janine’s eyes caught the sprinklers, and laughed at the sight. 
“What a pretty picture. You’re quite handy to have around, Sam,” Janine said.
He pulled up his shoulders as it was nothing, but didn’t see the exchange of looks between the sisters, or the secretive smile on Linda’s face. 
“Tomorrow we can prepare the soil for planting,” Linda informed her sister.
“Good, I’ll see about getting you some help,” Janine said.
Early the next morning, the old yellow school bus arrived on the farm filled with people armed with spades, rakes and other implements, ready to work the tunnels. Frank Hurley stopped his grey truck behind the bus.
He walked over to Linda and said, “I brought you some help. The sheriff and the mayor spread the word that you were going to grow vegetables again for the town, and that it was in everyone’s interest to help. Obviously, we had no shortage of volunteers.” 
Linda grinned from ear to ear. “Great! Everybody, follow me, I’ll show you what needs to be done!”
As Linda led the volunteers to the greenhouses, Frank pointed at two men in their early thirties. Both were tall, lean, and strongly built. They sported short haircuts, and without being told, Sam realized they were ex-military of some kind. 
Frank introduced them. “Sam, this is Jake Green and Nick Hartley. I heard you’re looking for solar panels, and the mayor instructed them to find you some.” 
Sam shook hands with them and felt the strength in their grips. 
He explained what he needed. Once the vegetables started to grow, they couldn’t afford a power failure. In that sweltering heat, the plants in the see-through tunnels won’t last long without water. Sam also had an idea to install a few air conditioners in the tunnels to help control the humidity and the heat. It would help the vegetables grow better. Nick and Jake said they understood and where to search for what he needed.
“They’re both Special Forces and can take care of themselves in case of trouble. We have no idea what’s going on out there. This is a good opportunity to find out,” Frank said when the two men walked away to their waiting pickup trucks. 
All the men with Nick and Jake were heavily armed. Sam knew it would be good to find out exactly what the situation was outside the boundaries of their town. They were now completely cut-off from the rest of the world.

Chapter 9

Four days after Nick and Jake left, there was still no sign of them. Cell phone reception was non-existent, and the sporadic landline communications they had, also ceased. There were no television or radio signals anymore, and they haven’t heard any news from the outside world for more than two weeks. The past two days, they only had power for three hours. The mayor sent a generator and fuel out to the farm, which Sam rigged to the greenhouse pump. In the house they used gas to brew coffee, and on occasion, to cook something. In town, Andy cooked using bottled gas.
With the extra help from the townspeople, work in the tunnels progressed smoothly. The soil was ploughed, tilled, fertilized and ready to be planted. Linda handed the mayor a list of vegetables she planned. He promised he would organize the seeds and send them out to the farm. 
Sam also devised a plan to build a water tower and two wash areas, one for clothes, and one with showers. After a day’s work, the townspeople could have a quick shower before heading back to town. Most of them haven’t taken a decent bath in months. Sam enlisted the help of a builder in town to compile a list of materials needed. He handed it to the mayor, who undertook to get the materials to them as soon as possible.
It was late in the afternoon. The volunteers had left for the day, when a dusty, black pickup truck pulled into their yard. Sam and Linda inspected the day’s work in the tunnels, when the sound of the truck caught their attention. 
“Ugh, it’s Mr. Kingsley,” Linda said, clearly not fond of the visitor.
 To Sam, the man and his two companions were strangers. Mr. Kingsley, a man in his early forties, carried his tall lean frame with confidence. A man used to getting his way. His silver hair gleamed in the afternoon sun, his grey eyes fixed on the water in the dam, which was now about half full.
“Now that’s the prettiest thing I have seen in a long time,” he said as Sam and Linda walked over to them. 
The lust for water was clear in his eyes. 
“Good afternoon, Miss Carter,” he said in a pleasant voice, but ignored Sam completely.
He regarded Sam as the help, and he didn’t associate himself with the help. Sam didn’t even notice. He stared intently at Mr. Kingsley’s two companions. They stepped out of the truck, but stayed behind their boss. Their arms folded across their broad chests, glaring his way. They were clearly not hired for their farming skills. 
He returned their glares with amusement on his face. Their intentions were to intimidate Sam. They frowned when they realized they were weighed, and found wanting. In their line of work, they learned to size people quickly, and they instinctively knew that Sam would be no pushover.
Linda stood with her hands on her hips, waiting for Mr. Kingsley to state what he wanted. She was in no mood for chit chat, so he got straight to the point.
“I want to buy this place. I’ll give you ten times what you paid for it,” he said.
Linda shook her head while he was in mid-sentence. “Mr. Kingsley, I’m not interested. I’m not selling!”
His eyes narrowed, and the smile vanished from his face. 
He stared at her for a moment. “What can I offer to change your mind?”
“Mr. Kingsley, I have sympathy for your position. I know you want this water to rebuild your ranch, but this water has a bigger purpose now. It’s needed to keep this town alive. You’re welcome to fetch drinking water for you and your crew like the rest, but other than that, I’m not interested,” she said with determination.
Mr. Kingsley nodded with a sinister smile on his lips. “Very well, but you know I always get what I want Miss Carter.” 
Sam glanced at Linda. She was angry, but managed to keep her composure.
“Not this time,” she said.
Mr. Kingsley glared at her for a moment, but the stubborn set of her jaw made him turn his head. Without another word, he turned, and got back into his truck. His two henchmen followed. They knew their boss. He wouldn’t hesitate to leave them behind if they made him wait.
They watched the truck speed off when Linda grunted in frustration. “The cheek of the man.”
Sam looked worried. “Who was that?”
“That’s George Kingsley,” she explained. “He owns a ranch on the other side of town. Before the drought, he had over a thousand head of cattle on his ranch. But as the drought intensified, he watched them die one by one, until he had nothing left. He has contacts in high places, and for a while, that ensured he got extra water from the army. Now things are so bad, even his contacts abandoned him.”
“I don’t like the look of those two that were with him. They get paid for their muscle, not for their farming expertise,” he said with concern.
Sam hesitated for a moment. “Do you think Mr. Kingsley will try something stupid to get his hands on the farm?”
As soon as he spoke, he regretted the words. Alarm and concern appeared in Linda’s eyes. 
She shook her head. “I don’t know him well enough to make an assumption one way or the other, but in these times, we better not risk it. This water is precious, and until now, I didn’t fully comprehend just how valuable it is. We need to talk to Janine.”
They didn’t have to wait long before Janine arrived to check on them. Linda told her about Mr. Kingsley’s visit, and Sam could see the worry in her eyes. She left for town with a promise to send help. Before sunset that evening, Frank Hurley arrived with six heavily armed men on the farm. 
Janine went straight to the mayor, and after she told him what happened, he agreed they needed to protect the water. Together they went to see Frank, who immediately organized a guard for the farm. To the left of the dam stood an empty building, used for storage by the previous owner. They cleaned it, and Frank organized mattresses and bedding for their new guard house. Sam agreed. It would be wise to have a permanent guard on the farm, day and night.
Early the next morning, even before the first people arrived for water, Nick and Jake’s trucks pulled into the farm. They were followed by a white delivery truck driven by one of their men.
“The two of you had me worried,” Frank said as they stepped out of their vehicles.
“We would have been here sooner, but things are not pretty out there,” Nick answered.
Frank desperately wanted to hear more, but decided to wait until they all gathered around the kitchen table.
Nick looked at the anxious faces. “We started out travelling westwards towards Camden. When we drove through Hampton, we found the town totally deserted and plundered. There was no food, water or people left in the town,” he said, and paused when Linda drew in a sharp breath.
“We decided to push on to Camden. About halfway there, we ran into a couple in a station wagon, ambushed by a bunch of armed men on motor cycles and a pickup truck. They fled when we opened fire on them. Unfortunately the woman was already dead, and the man was shot several times, barely alive. He told us that the men were just one of several raiding parties in the area. The raiders prey on helpless people along the roads like pirates, killing for fun, taking whatever they wanted.”
“Where’s the law?” Janine asked.
Nick shook his head. “The authorities have their hands full with people flogging north to the water that’s left in the Great Lakes. They’re concentrating their efforts there. From what the man said, there’s no water anywhere to be found in the south. At least nothing he knew about.”
He looked at Jake and swallowed before he continued. “From what the man told us, thousands of people are dead. The government decided to abandon all help to the south, and the army secured the areas around the Lakes.”
Nick paused and the others could see it was difficult for him. “The man died before we could do anything for him, so we buried the couple next to the road and continued on to Camden. Before we even reached Camden, we could tell from the smoke in the distance that things were seriously wrong there. Most of the buildings were burnt to the ground. With the stench that hung in the air, I would say that some of the buildings still had people in them when they were set alight.” 
From the haunted expressions on Nick and Jake’s faces, they could tell, even for experienced soldiers, it was a lot more than what they expected.
Nick was quiet until Frank spoke softly, “Please continue.”
Nick nodded. “We continued and visited several of the small towns around Camden, all deserted and plundered. We had to travel carefully, and on a few occasions, we had to take cover to avoid clashing with the raiders. We decided to turn north. In Prairie Grove we ran across an abandoned business that manufactured solar panels.”
Nick saw the expressions on the faces change with the piece of good news. “We borrowed a delivery truck, and loaded it with panels, batteries and solar equipment. We decided to head straight here, but had to make a slight detour when we found a group of raiders fortified in Fort Smith. All along the way we ran into small pockets of people, but from a distance, we couldn’t tell if they were raiders, or innocent citizens. We decided to avoid them, just to be safe. We went around towns instead of through them. That’s why our return trip took a few days, instead of a few hours.”
“Well, I’m glad you all made it back safely,” Frank said, and the rest nodded in agreement.
While Nick gave his report, Sam and Linda listened quietly from the corner.
Sam walked forward. “Are there more solar panels and batteries in that factory, or did you take it all?”
“Yes, there are lots more,” Jake said. “There’s a warehouse that’s stacked with panels and batteries.”
Sam looked at Frank. “We need to get them, because I’m sure we’re going to need all we can find. Send a party out there. They must collect not only the solar equipment, but everything else they can find along the way. Camping equipment, air conditioners, fuel, equipment to build extra food tunnels, anything they can collect that can be useful. Pretty soon, people, and especially the raiders, will realize they need more than food and water to survive this. We need to gather what we can while it’s available, as quick as we can.”
They all stared at Sam. Frank asked sarcastically, “Is that all?” 
Sam shook his head, his voice calm and soft. “No! We need to secure the town and the farm, because when they realize we have food and water, they will come for it, and we better be prepared. They’ll be desperate, motivated, and won’t hesitate to kill anybody that stand in their way!” 
Frank frowned at Sam. “Easy there cowboy, you’re scaring the folks.”
Sam looked back to where Linda stood with her back against the wall. Her face was pale and her eyes scared, but she gave him a little nod to say that she agreed with what he said, and that she supported him. 
Sam turned his gaze back to the rest, his eyes ice cold. “Being scared is good. It might just keep us all alive. People, make no mistake, life as we knew it, is over. This is now a battle for survival, and if we want to survive this, we have to be smart and strong. Stronger than the people that would be coming, or they will run us over!”
Frank looked at Nick and Jake, who nodded in agreement. On all the faces he saw the same expression, fear, but also determination, a will to survive. 
He stared at Sam for a moment. “That’s fair enough. What do you suggest we do?”
Sam sighed. “I think you’re more qualified to answer that question. Linda and I will make sure everyone has food and water. You can ensure everyone’s safety.” 
Frank held Sam’s gaze for a moment, unsure of Sam’s intentions, but he saw the sincerity and concern in Sam’s eyes. 
Frank thought it over for a moment. “We better call an urgent town hall meeting and inform everybody of what’s going on in the rest of the world. Then we need to formulate a plan on how to deal with what lies ahead.”

Chapter 10

Most people in town were aware their situation was dire, but did not expect the news that the mayor shared with them. When the mayor completed his account of Nick and Jake’s trip, a stunned silence washed over the crowd. Apart from the six armed men left on the farm to watch over the water, the entire town attended the meeting. 
The mayor stared at the sea of shocked and anxious faces. “By now, most of you have heard about the incident on the farm. That highlighted the fact that we have a desperate need for security, not only on the farm, but also here in town.”
Several people nodded in agreement.
“For that reason, we elected Frank Hurley to lead our security force,” the mayor said, and handed over the podium to the new Security Commander.
No applause followed. It was a need. They knew what it implied, and it was no cause for celebration.
Frank wasted no time. “We need to form a security force that’s big enough to protect the water, the food, and our people. We’re going to need everyone that’s able and willing to fight for the protection of this town. That’s the only way to ensure our survival. If you’re willing to volunteer, please stay behind. The rest of you may go.”
A tall woman raised her hand.
“Yes, Maxine?” Frank asked.
“Is it only the men that can volunteer?” she asked.
Frank was well aware that Maxine probably would put most of the men down in a fight.
He shook his head. “No, the request is open to all.”
He saw quite a few excited young faces. “There’s an age limit though. No girls under eighteen, and no boys under sixteen,” he added.
Quite a few murmurs from the younger boys ran through the crowd.
Frank held his arms in the air. “Just because you won’t be in the guard, doesn’t mean we don’t have a use for you. We’ll meet in a day or so, and then we can discuss how you can serve the town. There are a lot of other things in which we need your assistance.”
That had the desired effect, and the young boys left with the rest of the people that filed out of the community hall.
The remaining two hundred and fifty people were divided into squads, ten people per squad, each with an appointed team leader. Alice kept a detailed record of each squad, so that Commander Hurley could have point of reference and control. Janine, Nick, Jake, Edward and Nathan were all elected team leaders. 
Sam was also offered a team leader role, but declined. He insisted that Linda and he remained unattached from the security force to give them the freedom to work the farm. After that, Frank informed the security team that Sam was in charge of the farm, and that any squad assigned to farm guard will fall under Sam’s command while on the farm.
Janine watched Linda, expecting her to protest Sam’s appointment, as it was her farm after all. But the slight smile on Linda’s face surprised her. Was that pride in her sister’s eyes? Not sure if she should be amused or annoyed by her sister’s reaction, Janine shook her head. 
Frank handed out the assignments for the day and dismissed his security force. Nick, Jake, Ernie Hanson and Chester Fellows, were assigned supply duty. Their first order was to retrieve all the solar panels and equipment from Prairie Grove. They left with their squads to ensure they were adequately prepared and armed for their away mission. 
The rest of the leaders gathered their squads to take inventory of weapons and ammunition at their disposal. By the end of the day, Commander Hurley had a complete list of weapons and ammunitions, which gave him an idea of what he had to work with.
Apart from the people selected to work on the farm, no townspeople were allowed outside the town’s borders. Assigned workers daily collected empty water bottles at the gathering point, the high school football field. People marked their bottles, which were then loaded on a truck and then taken under armed escort to the farm. The daily farm workers were loaded on the bus, and escorted to the farm by an armed guard. By the end of the day, although a mood of uneasiness amongst the townspeople existed, there was a stronger sentiment of security.
The following day, Janine escorted the water truck to the farm. When she stopped with her squad, gun fire erupted from the other side of the house. She jumped from the truck, her shotgun ready, searching for the possible threat. Linda came down the steps.
“Wow, easy, Sheriff. Nathan’s showing Sam how to shoot,” Linda said.
Janine relaxed, and indicated to her squad that all is in order. She walked over to Linda.
“And you’re ok with that?” Janine asked, surprised that Linda let it happen.
Linda pulled up her shoulders. “Sam feels that with everything that’s going on, it’s something he needs to know.”
Janine stared at her sister for a moment. “Yes, it’s probably a good idea, but you don’t seem pleased about it.”
Linda shook her head, and gave a short laugh. “Is it that obvious?”
She sighed, and then added, “I can’t stand the thought of him getting hurt. Knowing him, if there’s a gun fight, he’ll be running toward it, not away from it.” 
Janine detected the concern in her sister’s voice. Linda knew Sam better than anybody else. But Janine noticed his strong character the last few days. He would handle any tough situation. With that knowledge, she slept a little easier at night. Knowing Sam looked out for her little sister.
Janine asked in a soft, sisterly voice, “Have you told him how you feel?” 
Linda stared at her sister. Her big emerald eyes filled with sadness. “No. We’re great friends, and I’m scared if I push, we might lose that. His blank past makes him cautious and distant.” 
Janine put a hand on her sister’s arm. “Linda, just be careful, I don’t want you to get hurt again.” 
A sad smile formed on Linda’s lips. “You know me, always falling in love with the wrong guy.”
 Janine felt for her sister, and put her arms around her. “I don’t think he’s the wrong guy. He seems decent and pleasant enough, and has a strong character. Unfortunately, until we know more about him and his past, the future remains uncertain.” 
Linda held her sister tighter. “I don’t know what kind of man he was before, but I can’t imagine him being anything other than what he’s now. Not only gentle and caring, but he makes me feel safe.” 
Janine realized Linda cared far more for Sam than she thought. It was not a crush, but she really fell head over heels in love with him.
“Who died?” 
The Carter sister’s both jumped at the sound of Nathan’s booming voice. Sam and Nathan approached, a rifle nestled in the crook of Sam’s arm. Linda threw one look their way, then turned, and rushed into the house. 
“Is everything alright?” Sam asked.
Janine smiled. “Yes, everything’s fine. We had a sister moment. It’s nothing to worry about.” 
But Sam’s eyes were filled with concern. He glanced at the kitchen door when Linda disappeared into the house.
“I hear you’re teaching Sam to shoot?” Janine inquired.
Nathan shook his head. “Teach nothing. The man’s a natural. He doesn’t miss what he aims at. If I didn’t know any better, I would have thought him to be a sharp shooter.” 
Janine looks inquisitively at Sam, who still stared at the door. 
He only half heard what was said, and shrugged. “It appears I know how to use a rifle.”
The next few days Linda tried her best to avoid Sam. On a few occasions, he tried to talk to her, but she always managed an excuse. She found something to do, and hurried away. He kept himself busy with installing the solar panels to the pump house, and got the pump working using only solar power. He also supervised the building of three new tunnels to increase their food output. 
Bruce Lennox used to have a job installing pool pumps. He helped Sam rig a valve system to the pump to regulate the flow of water between the old and the new tunnels.
Early morning, a few days later, Sam walked into the kitchen. Dawn was still an hour away, and the kitchen covered in darkness. Only the whistling wind outside broke the absolute quiet that filled the room. He shuffled over to the gas stove, feeling his way around the now familiar surroundings, and made a move to grab the coffee pot. 
“I brewed a fresh pot. Be careful, it’s hot,” Linda’s voice came across the table.
Sam almost knocked the kettle over.  He steadied himself. “I didn’t see you in the dark. You almost gave me a heart attack.” 
Linda chuckled. “Sorry, that wasn’t my intention. I just wanted to let you know the pot’s hot before you grabbed it with your bare hand and burned.” 
He took a cup from the sink, used a pot holder to grab the hot coffee pot, and poured the dark, steamy liquid into his mug. He made his way over to the table. It took him a while to make out Linda’s form were she sat at her usual spot next to the table. He took his seat opposite her.
“What’s wrong?” he asked.
She shook her head in the dark. “I couldn’t sleep anymore, and decided to start my day early.” 
Sam took a careful sip of the hot fluid. A thought struck him. Soon the coffee would run out, and Linda would have a tough time if she couldn’t start her day with a cup of her favorite beverage. He made a mental reminder to ask Nick and Jake to keep an eye out for coffee the next time they go out. 
They sat in quiet for a while, but the room was filled with tension. He peered through the darkness in her direction.
“Linda, have I offended you?” he asked softly.
He heard when she took a sharp breath of air, and for a moment, he thought he saw a sparkle where her eyes should be. 
She sighed. “No Sam, you haven’t.” 
He waited a moment for her to elaborate, but she remained quiet. 
“It’s just that, well, this last week, I got the distinct impression that you’re avoiding me,” he said. 
She detected the accusation in his voice, and had to fight the urge to tell him she loved him. He made his feelings clear, and she didn’t want to put him in a tough position.
Slowly she let out her breath, glad that he couldn’t see the expression on her face. Her eyes would betray her. That was the reason she avoided him, because she couldn’t force her eyes to lie. It would only take one look into her eyes, and Sam would notice she hid something from him.
“Sam, I’m just tired. A lot happened lately, and with everything that’s going on here, it’s keeping me busy. Sorry if I gave you that impression.”
Sam detected the sadness in her voice, and suspected something else was wrong, but decided not to press. Instead he changed the subject.
“Now that the dam’s full of water, maybe we can get some livestock,” he said, and took another sip of coffee.
For a moment, the change of direction winded Linda, but she gave it a thought. “Sam, we won’t be able to grow crops in this heat to feed them. Even if we water constantly, it would hardly be enough. Livestock eat a lot.” 
Sam smiled. “Yes, I thought about that, but I’m sure we can come up with a plan.” 
“Yes, I’m sure you can. You have proved quite resourceful,” she said, and sighed.
Her compliment made him uncomfortable, but it made him smile nonetheless. It was the first real conversation they had in a week. 
“Is there a library in town?” he asked. 
“Yes, but it’s quite small. Do you want to find something to read?” 
“No, I need to do some research. I’ll go into town with the change of guard and will return either with the water truck, or with the change of guard tonight.”
With that he placed his empty coffee mug in the sink, and turned. “Well, I better get ready before they get here.” 
Linda sighed and felt like kicking the table. She did not look forward to spending a whole day without Sam.

Chapter 11

Janine escorted the bus with the workers for the day. Normally when she arrived, Linda greeted her from the porch, but there was no sign of her. Janine stood with her hands on her hips, looked around, then removed her sunglasses and searched for her sister. When Janine entered the kitchen, she found Linda sitting by the kitchen table. On the table were a stack of papers, but her attention was far away from them. Linda stared into the living room, and didn’t even notice when her sister entered the kitchen.
“Earth to Linda,” Janine said mockingly when Linda gave no indication that she acknowledged her presence, but she was caught in her own little world.
“Oh hi, good morning,” Linda said. 
Janine watched her sister a moment, a frown formed between her eyes. Not used to seeing her sister like that, worried her. Not even after the incident with her previous boyfriend did Linda act that way.
“Sis, are you alright?” she asked when a tear ran down Linda’s cheek.
Linda couldn’t get a word out. Instead, she jumped from her chair, and ran into Janine’s arms. They were about the same height, and she buried her face in her sister’s shoulder.
“What happened?” Janine asked, but Linda’s quiet sobs were the only answer she got. She let Linda cry for a few minutes, and then pulled back.
“Ok what’s going on?” she demanded. 
Linda took a couple deep breaths. “I was wrong. I thought I could keep my emotional distance from Sam, but my heart just won’t let me,” she whispered.
Janine’s face softened when she saw the sorrow in her sister’s eyes. She wiped away a tear that hung onto the edge of Linda’s chin. “Did you tell him this?” 
Linda shook her head. “With Sam’s amnesia and everything that’s going on at the moment, I think there are more important things to worry about.”
Janine wiped the rest of the tears from Linda’s cheeks. “I see the way Sam looks at you, he definitely cares. I know the other day I said that without knowing his past his future is cloudy, but I might have been wrong. When it comes to you, it doesn’t make any difference to him.”
Linda swallowed another sob. “What do you mean?” 
Janine smiled a soft, sisterly smile. “I have a feeling that no matter what Sam remembers about his past, or even if he doesn’t, you’ll be part of his future.” 
Linda looked at Janine, a sparkle of hope in her eyes. “You really think so?” she asked in a small voice. 
Janine nodded, and playfully touched the point of Linda’s nose with the tip of her index finger. “Yes, silly, I know so.”
Linda wiped the last traces of tears from her eyes. She looked at her sister with a shy smile on her face. “So there’s hope yet?” 
Janine nodded and smiled back. “There always is.”
Linda’s facial features turned to a look of mock shock, and her voice returned to normal. “Did you just admit to being wrong? Well I never thought I’d live to see the day.”
Janine laughed, happy to see her sister in better spirits again. “If you tell anyone, not only will I deny it, but I might have to shoot you.” 
Linda laughed at Janine’s empty threat.
“Where’s the object of your pain anyway?” Janine asked.
A layer of sadness returned to Linda’s eyes again. “He went to town, said he wanted to do some research in the library.”
Janine lifted her brows. “Is he working on another brilliant plan?”
Linda laughed. “I don’t know, probably. He did turn out to be quite handy to have around.” 
A slight smile played on Janine’s lips. “Yes, you sure can do much worse than Sam.”
Linda had a huge grin on her face. Janine, in her own off handed kind of way, gave Sam her blessing.
A few hours later, Janine saw Linda’s eyes lit up when Sam stepped out of Ernie Hanson’s pickup truck, who escorted the day’s water run. She also noticed Sam’s brilliant blue eyes come to life when he spotted Linda on the porch. 
“So, are you any wiser?” Linda asked when he joined them.
Sam nodded enthusiastically. “Yes, I think I found something we can use. The only problem we’ll have is to get our hands on some seed. There’s nothing in town.” 
The Carter sisters stared at him expectantly, and a sly grin formed on his lips.
“Well, are you telling, or do I have to beat it out of you?” Janine asked. 
He held out his hands in front of him. “Okay, no more, I’ll talk.”
He took a deep breath, and then said, “Barley!” 
Linda and Janine looked at each other.
“Barley? Sam, even I know that this weather is way too hot for Barley. It only grows in cooler regions. Besides, we’re looking for a feed source, not to brew beer,” Linda said.
Sam shook his head. “Barley has a wide variety of uses. For instance, you can grind the seeds into flour to bake bread. As for the weather conditions, I have an answer for that too.”
Only then did she notice the papers in his left hand. They went inside and he spread the papers over the kitchen table. He showed them his crude drawings of a greenhouse, and how they could install air conditioners hooked up to solar panels to keep it the correct cool temperature.
“Keeping it that cool would also result in reduced water consumption, which gave me another idea. It gets pretty hot and humid in the existing tunnels, and we use a lot of water. If we can keep it cooler, we don’t have to use that much water,” Sam said, and the sisters looked at each other and smile. 
Linda turned back to Sam.  “Can you build tunnels that big? I’m sure our current tunnels are a bit small for that purpose.” 
Sam nodded, and turned their attention back to the drawings. “Our current tunnels are thirty by fifteen meters, and you’re right, they’re a bit small for barley. If we build three tunnels of fifty by twenty five meters, it would be big enough to give us a decent crop of barley every three months. The straw can be used for animal consumption, while we’ll get about five hundred kilograms of barley from each of the three tunnels.”
Linda shook her head. “Well, it seems like you got everything under control. Where will you get the materials you need?” 
“Frank appointed Henry Carver as the equipment master. I already gave him the list of what I need. Whatever we don’t have in town, he’ll ask the scouting parties to collect when they go out,” Sam answered.
Linda pulled up her shoulders. “Well, you’re in charge of the farm and know what you’re doing.”
He stared at her for a moment, looking for hurt in her eyes, but found nothing other than sincerity and admiration. 
“Thank you for your confidence and support,” he said, then left the kitchen to make arrangements for his plans.
Janine lifted her eyebrows, looking at Linda, who stared back with an innocent look on her face.
“What?” Linda asked and gave a short happy laugh. “You know, with Sam around, we might just stand a chance. It’s like he was sent to us.” 
Janine frowned at her words, still not liking the idea that she knows nothing about his past, but had to agree. The arrival of Sam in White River had been nothing but a blessing for them. Even after they treated him like a criminal.
It had become routine on the farm, that by 16:00, the workers were back on the bus, ready to head back to town. Janine and her squad provided the escort. Sam and Linda were surprised to see her back half an hour later. 
When the convoy reached town, Frank waited for Janine and asked her to escort him to the farm. Curious about everything Sam had been up to, he wanted to visit the farm. He didn’t want to break his own rule by travelling alone. It was a lone escort, so Janine only took a few members of her squad and sent the rest to dinner. 
His arrival on the farm raised a few eyebrows. Sam had the feeling that Frank came to check on him, but he didn’t care. On the farm he called the shots. He showed Frank what they worked on, and explained what he had planned. For a moment, it almost looked like Frank was impressed.
The sun was setting in the west, but Frank was in no great hurry. It only took five minutes to drive back to town, and there was at least another thirty minutes of daylight left. Before he returned, he wanted to check the setup of the guardhouse. Sam left him on his own and returned to the kitchen. Linda and Janine were seated at the kitchen table. He placed his Winchester rifle next to the full box of cartridges on the china cabinet in the corner and hung his hat on the hook near the door. The cartridges were left on the cabinet for easy access, in case something happened. Linda wasn’t too impressed, but she understood the need.
“Does Frank approve of your work?” Linda asked, the sarcasm in her voice did not escape the other two. 
Sam shrugged. “He didn’t complain.”
Bemused with Linda’s reaction, Janine shook her head. Her sister still didn’t forgive Frank’s attitude toward Sam after his arrest. Janine also remembered her own anger at the first town hall meeting. 
She got up from the chair. “We better leave soon. I would rather be back in town before it gets dark. It’s just too creepy to drive around at night.”
Under the cover of darkness the raiders might get bolder, and that made everybody uneasy to be out on the road after dark.
“Frank will be along in a few minutes, he’s checking on the guards. You should be back in town long before dark,” Sam said. 
Janine walked around to her sister and gave her a hug. 
She looked at Sam. “You make sure to keep her safe.”
Sam nodded and smiled. “Don’t worry, I will.” 
Janine stared at him for a moment. “You better, or I’ll shoot you myself.”
Linda laughed at her sister, taking her words as a joke, but even in the dimming light in the kitchen, Sam saw that Janine’s words were not said in jest.  
Janine reached for her shotgun that rested on the spare chair next to where she sat, when the sharp crack of a rifle shot rang through the warm evening air. Sam reached forward and pulled Linda to the ground. In one swift movement, he turned, grabbed his rifle from the china cabinet, and blew out the lamp that Linda lit only moments before. 
Janine, with her shotgun in her hand, crouched protectively next to Linda. More shots sounded from outside, and Sam determined they came from the direction of the guardhouse, and the other side of the dam.
He moved over to the window and peeked outside. The sun moved below the horizon only moments before, leaving a bright orange glow. Two bright flashes appeared from the other side of the dam a split second before he heard the shots. Sam peered toward the guardhouse, where two figures crouched behind the dam, and another behind the tree. A volley of shots sounded from the guardhouse. Two figures darted from the building, and grabbed a figure on the ground. It struck Sam like a hammer. One of their people near the guardhouse was shot.
He surveyed the area at the other side of the dam, but only made out two figures. The light faded fast. If it weren’t for the bright flashes from the guns as the figures fired toward the guardhouse, he would hardly be able to see them. Movement behind the pump house caught his attention. A third figure slowly crawled forward, moving into a position to get a better firing line on the people by the guardhouse. 
Janine crouched next to him, and he pointed to the figure.
Sam had to move fast, and turned to Janine. “Keep Linda safe, I need to take care of him before he gets a better line on the others. They’ll be sitting ducks!”
Janine nodded, but Linda said, “Sam, please don’t go out there, it’s too dangerous.”
He could hear the panic in her voice, and he paused next to her. “Don’t worry. I’ll only be a moment. I’ll be back before you know it.”
She wanted to jump up, throw her arms around him, and beg him to stay with her. But before she could move, he took one step towards the cabinet, grabbed a handful of ammunition from the box, and stuffed it in the pocket of his jeans. He disappeared out the front door and around the house, into the darkness, toward the danger.

Chapter 12

Sam made his way to the side of the tool shed. He took care to stay out of view from the threat by the pump house. He crouched down in position and peered around the corner of the shed, but with the poor light, it was impossible to see. He stared at the spot where he noticed the movement before, but there was only darkness. 
About to move forward, he caught a glimpse of the person. Only for a brief moment, a head popped up over the rim of the dam, but it pinpointed the intruder’s exact position. The dark figure already passed the pump station and almost made it to the corner of the dam. If he reached the corner, it gave him a clear shot at the people by the guard house. His people.
Sam increased his grip on the rifle, the palms of his hands damp with sweat. Well aware that he would only have one shot, and to take that shot, he had to expose himself. If he missed, he might end up dead, but it was a chance he had to take. He wiped his hands on his jeans, the thumping of his own heart beating in his ears.
Before he had any further thoughts, the head appeared again. He acted on instinct, aiming a few centimeters below the head, and fired. The loud crack of the shot caused a ringing in his ears, but he ignored it. For a moment, the flash from his rifle blinded him, but he didn’t move his eyes from the spot. He worked the lever of his rifle to load another round into the chamber. Sam fired the next shot barely a second later, and then dove forward, working the lever in midair. He hit the ground with a dull thud, and waited for the return fire, but it never came.
Sam’s heart pounded against his ribs, while his eyes remained fixed on the spot where he last saw the bobbing head. But nothing moved. In the pitch black darkness, he had no idea what happened. The smell of burnt gunpowder hung heavily in the air. For a moment he considered running forward to check if the figure was still alive, but he risked getting shot at by Frank and the others. They would now be alerted to his presence, and didn’t know if he was friend or foe.  
Sam also realized that his position might have been undetected by the other intruders behind the dam. His shots could have been camouflaged amongst all the other shooting and the pump station blocked him from their view. He made his way back to the house and around to the other side. He approached the guard house with caution.
“Frank, don’t shoot, its Sam!” he said, his voice barely louder than a whisper.
He approached the figure by the tree. It was Frank. 
“Did it you shoot from the other side of the house?” Frank asked.
“Yeah, I saw someone sneaking up on you, and shot him before he got a clear line. I hit him, but am not sure if he’s still alive or not,” Sam answered.
“I’m sure he’s dead, or he would have returned fire.” Frank said.
“I wanted to check on him, but wasn’t sure if you knew it was me.  I’m not in the mood to get shot at.”  
“Good thinking. It’s dark and we’re all pretty jumpy. If we saw a moving figure, we probably would shoot first and asked questions later,” Frank answered. 
Sam felt relieved that he listened to his instincts.
“Who was shot?” Sam asked, and looked toward the dark guardhouse. 
Frank sighed. “They shot Bruce Rawlings before we spotted them. I don’t think they realized how many people are here when they opened fire.” 
Sam stared at the dark building and asked, “Is he still alive?” 
“He was when they pulled him inside, but it didn’t look good. We have to get him to the hospital immediately, but we can’t get him to a vehicle. We’re pinned down here.” 
Sam stared at the other side of the dam where the intruders fired from. He took two fresh cartridges from his pocket, and reloaded his rifle.
“I’m going back around the house. If I can make it around the pump house and get to the corner, maybe I can get the drop on them before they hurt anybody else,” he said.
Frank slapped him on the shoulder. “Ok, but be careful. We’ll cover you from here the best we can.” 
Without a word, Sam turned around and ran back the way he came. He kept as low as possible and made his way around to his previous position behind the shed. The two intruders behind the dam still fired at Frank and the others. A bright flash from their rifle barrels every time they fired a shot showed Sam their exact positions. 
He drew a deep breath, and then dashed for the pump house expecting a bullet to tear into his body any second. But he made it to the pump structure without incident. He tried to locate the body of the guy he shot, but his eyes couldn’t penetrate the dark.
He made sure he had a firm grip on his rifle, holding it in a ready position, ready to fire at any moment. Sam moved forward to the corner of the dam. He remembered the big rock, about knee high, just before the corner, and took care not to stumble over it in the dark. 
He moved into position at the corner and leaned his back against the dam, holding the rifle to his chest, trying desperately to calm his breathing. Although breathing heavily, his hands held the rifle steady. In that moment, Sam got the distinct feeling he had been in a similar situation before, but pushed the thought aside. There were more serious matters at hand that needed his immediate attention. 
Sam peeked around the corner and saw them, huddled behind the dam, taking turns to fire at Frank’s group. The bullets from the return fire slammed into the top of the dam wall, or whistled harmlessly over the intruder’s heads. Every time they fired at Frank’s bunch, their frames lit up for a split second, giving Sam a target. 
He took careful aim, and at the next flash, he squeezed the trigger. The Henry kicked against his shoulder, and a sharp yell sounded through the gun shots. A body hit the hard ground with a dull thud. 
“Don’t shoot, I give up,” the last man screamed.
The man’s rifle hit a rock with a clanging sound, when he threw his rifle to the side. He stood up, holding his arms in the air, looking in Sam’s direction. Before Sam could say or do anything, a bullet struck the man in the side of his head. The man’s lifeless body fell halfway to the ground before the sound of the shot drifted across the dam.
“Hey, Frank, stop shooting!” Sam yelled as loud as possible.
For a few seconds, a deafening silence filled the air, the last echoes of shots still ringing in his ears. 
“Sam, are you ok?” Frank yelled back. 
Sam stood up. “Yes, but for heaven’s sake, don’t shoot. They’re both down and I need light over here!” 
Sam kept his rifle ready, in case there are more hidden intruders. Frank and another guy came running with flashlights. They paused at the body of the man that sneaked up on them earlier. He was on his back, the left side of his blue shirt soaked with blood, his lifeless eyes staring at the stars that he would never see again. Frank rounded the corner where Sam waited. He shined the beam of light across the three figures sprawled out in the dirt.
Two of the trespassers were shot in the head, and one through the neck, but all three were dead. 
“Do you have any idea who they are?” Sam asked.
Frank took a closer look. He searched the bodies, but found no identification on them.
“Never seen any of them around here before,” Frank said.
At that moment they heard the pickup trucks that pulled in from the main road onto the dirt path leading to the farm. 
Frank grinned. “Finally the cavalry arrives. They must have heard the shots all the way to town.”
“They’re a bit late to the party,” Sam said.
Sam and Frank walked to meet the reinforcements. Janine and Linda stepped out onto the porch when they realized the immediate danger had passed. Edward, Nathan and Big Bill Turner arrived with their full squads and stopped in a cloud of dust. Sam looked at the house, and in the lights of the vehicles he saw Linda running toward him. He had to drop his rifle to catch Linda, her momentum almost knocking him over. 
“Sam, I was so scared. You could have been killed!” She said, and buried her face into his chest. 
He felt her heart beat when she pressed her trembling body against his. For a moment nothing but her registered, and he pulled her even tighter against him.
“I’m okay,” he whispered into her ear. “I had to make sure nobody hurts you.” 
She pushed away, and threw her arms around his neck. She stood on her toes, and then their lips met. For a few seconds, there was nobody else around, just them. Then they became painfully aware of each other, and she pulled back slowly. Her eyes were full of tears and a look of embarrassment on her face.
“I’m sorry,” she said shyly.
Sam smiled. “Don’t be.” 
He lowered his head and kissed her again. “We’ll talk later,” he whispered when he lifted his head. 
She hugged him once more, and then released him. His hand rested tenderly on the side of her face, when he looked over at Janine. She watched them with a bemused look on her face.
Sam returned to the rest of the group. Bruce was shot high through his left shoulder. His face pale from the loss of blood, but he was alive. Frank instructed Bill Turner to escort Bruce to the hospital where Doc Percy would take care of him. 
The rest gathered the bodies and laid them side by side behind the guardhouse. Nobody had any idea who the intruders were, or what they did there. Someone speculated that they might be from George Kingsley’s crew.
“Ed and I volunteer to find Kingsley. We’ll ask him politely if he’s involved,” Nathan said. 
From the tone in their voices, Sam doubted they intended to be polite about it. Frank agreed, and they left with their squads for the Kingsley ranch located on the opposite side of town.
Carl Burns’ squad looked visibly shaken. They were on guard and talking to Frank when the shooting started.
“Well done guys, good job,” Sam praised them, although most of them hid in the guardhouse when the shooting began. 
“Carl, take half your squad and drive a patrol around the perimeter of the farm. Search for anything that looks suspicious,” Sam instructed.
Frank looked at Sam sideways, but did not interfere with his arrangements. If the events of the evening showed anything, it was that Sam had a strong character. He proved he had a level head under fire, and word of it would soon spread amongst the townspeople.
While they waited for Edward and Nathan to return, Sam and Frank discussed security measures for both the town and the farm. They agreed that from that point forward, two squads would guard the farm at all times. After dark, no light would be used on the farm to avoid attracting any unwanted attention.
It was almost midnight when Edward and Nathan returned. George Kingsley looked very different. Dressed in jeans and a light blue shirt, his uncombed hair fluttered in the wind. He appeared scared, no sign left of the arrogance he displayed at their previous encounter. 
“We found him alone on his farm. All the help’s gone. The muscle guys were the last of his staff, and they left yesterday heading north,” Nathan said.
Frank pulled back the tarp, revealing the four dead bodies. George paled even more and flinched at the sight of the corpses.
“I don’t know these people. I’ve never seen them before and had nothing to do with them attacking the farm,” Kingsley said nervously.
Sam stared at the rancher, who looked like someone about to burst into tears. “You were on your farm all by yourself?”
Kingsley nodded. “Yes, but I have a house in town and plan to move to it first thing in the morning. It’s not safe alone out on the ranch,” and he gave Nathan and Edward a sideward glance. “There’s nothing left there anyway.” 
Frank and Sam looked at each other. Sam shook his head ever so slightly, indicating that he thought Kingsley had nothing to do with the attack.
Frank sighed and turned to Edward. “You can escort Kingsley back to his ranch.” 
Before Edward could answer, George said with a trembling voice, “If you don’t mind, I would rather go to town.”
Frank noticed the fear in his eyes and nodded. Frank and Janine left with them to make the new arrangements in town. 
Sam and Linda went back to the house. They were alone, and very aware of each other. 
Sam pulled Linda closer and asked softly, “Are you ok?” 
Linda moved into his embrace. “Sam, until tonight, I never fully understood the seriousness of our situation, and I’m scared!” 
Sam sighed. “I know, but don’t worry, I’m here. I’ll do my best to keep you safe.”
She looked up at him. He lowered his head and kissed her. A soft groan escaped her lips, and her fear melted away.

Chapter 13

 When Janine walked into the farmhouse early the next morning, she found Linda sleeping in Sam’s arms on the couch in the living room. She stopped in the doorway and looked at Linda, her face so peaceful and content. Janine shifted her eyes to the source of her happiness. He had one arm around her sister, the other over his head. 
For a moment she wondered how he stumbled into their lives. Where was he before he woke under the tree? One thing she knew for sure, if he didn’t happen along when he did, everything would have been a lot more serious for Linda and the rest of the townspeople. Maybe he was her guardian angel sent to look over her, and she lost her heart to him.
She kicked the couch. “Will you two be sleeping the whole day?” 
Sam jerked upright, instantly alert, but relaxed when he saw Janine. Linda yawned lazily and hugged Sam’s arm. Then she realized where they were, and she sat up with flushed cheeks.
“What time is it?” she asked. 
Janine shook her head and smiled. “About eight o’clock. I escorted the worker bus.”
Sam jumped up and asked, “The bodies?” 
“Edward’s squad buried them somewhere south of the town. Nathan’s squad tracked their tracks back a few kilometers, and found an abandoned pickup truck. George Kingsley confirmed it used to belong to one of his two workers. It appears they were ambushed just north of here and relieved of their truck.”
Sam frowned, his face filled with concern. “Do you think they told the intruders about the water before they were killed?” 
Janine shrugged. “It is possible. Nathan found two fresh graves next to the road on the way to Little Rock. He dug them up and confirmed it was them. They’ll definitely not tell anybody else, and if those four knew, I doubt they had time to tell anybody about the water. So far it doesn’t look like all the shooting attracted any other unwanted attention. Just to be safe, Frank had every spare body this morning riding patrols around the town perimeter. But they can’t do it too long, we’re running low on fuel.”
It was close to mid-day when a convoy of pickup trucks, delivery trucks, and two big rigs pulled into the farm. 
Everyone grabbed for their guns, but Sam shouted, “Relax, its Nick and Jake!” 
Jake drove a water tanker. 
“Wonder where he stole that?” Janine asked. 
Nick stepped out of the truck with a smile on his face.
“Morning folks, delivery for the Carter farm.” 
Sam pointed to the tanker. “We have a whole dam full of water, we don’t need that.” 
Jake shook his head. “Yeah, I know. That tanker’s empty.” 
Sam frowned. “Well, come into the house out of the sun, and then you can tell us all about what you two have been up to since you left.”
Everyone took a seat around the kitchen table. Nick reported they made it to Prairie Grove with only one small incident. They ran into a small group of raiders who started shooting at them. When they returned fire, the raiders fled. One of his guys had a bullet burn across his ribs, but other than that, they escaped unharmed. 
They found the two rigs abandoned at a truck stop near the solar plant. Once they managed to get enough fuel into them, they loaded them up with all the solar panels and equipment that was left. They also found a warehouse with air-conditioners and another with lots of camping equipment. They loaded all the gas bottles and equipment they could find. Along the way, there was no sign of any food or water. Everything had been plundered. People had less use for stuff.
They found two motorcycles hidden in a garage of an abandoned house, and used them to scout ahead. The tactic proved quite useful. One time they spotted a group of raiders, and decided to hide out to avoid them. They pulled into an old quarry, only to find someone else already hiding there. After a tense standoff, they found that the other people were also hiding from the raiders. The guy introduced himself as Clive Dunlop, the leader of a group of about fifty people. They hid in a small cave near Little Rock, and were searching for food and water. They had a full 75,000 liter fuel tanker to trade for water. 
Jake held up his hands when he saw the concern on the faces in front of him. “Don’t worry, I didn’t tell him about our water. I just said that I know someone who might be willing to trade. He handed over the empty water tanker reluctantly. I told him if we could get him the water, that I would meet him back at the quarry in two days. And yes, we made sure we weren’t followed back.” 
Sam looked at the two lifelong friends. “Okay then, good job you two. We’ll fill the tanker after the worker bus returns to town.” 
Sam pointed to the dam. “The builders finished the wash area yesterday and we rigged a pipe to fill up that tank. If you and your guys want to take a quick shower before heading back to town, go ahead.” 
Nick and Jake glanced at each other.
“Wow, that sounds great,” they said and ran out of the house like two young boys. 
“Those two are nuts. It’s hard to believe they were in the Special Forces,” Janine said.
Sam looked at her without saying anything. He saw their eyes. They might act jovial, but had a lot of pain hiding there. They could also be very dangerous.
Janine left the kitchen and Sam stared at the water tanker. 
Linda noticed the strange expression on his face. “You look worried.” 
Sam shook his head. “No not worried, but I am a little concerned. These people that gave Jake the truck must be desperate to hand over a tanker like that. Desperate people can be very unpredictable.” 
Linda frowned and looked into his face, wondering how he knew that. But she did not press it. 
“I better make the arrangements to fill the tanker,” Sam said and left. 
Linda stared at the empty kitchen door and wondered about Sam. There were three things she knew for certain. His past remained a mystery. She felt safe in his presence, and she loved him with her whole being.
Later that afternoon, Joe Cross and his younger brother Ben, with their squads, reported for guard duty. After the previous attack on the farm, Frank took no chances. He sent only experienced military people for guard duty. Both Joe and Ben were in the Marines. 
Ben watched as Sam hook up a pipe from the wind pump’s discharge pipe to the water tanker, which was parked next to the wind structure. It was late in the afternoon, but Sam’s brown T-shirt was soaked with sweat. Linda informed him that it was supposed to be autumn, but the sweltering heat was much warmer than they were used to, even for the middle of summer.
“Why don’t you hook a pump straight from the dam? Won’t that fill the tanker faster?” Ben asked.
Sam shook his head. “For the same reason we don’t drink from the dam. The algae in the dam will, at best, give the traders the runs. I would prefer building good relations with them in case we need to trade again in the future. So let’s not poison them. Being able to trade water for other supplies that we can’t get will come in handy from now on.” 
Ben smiled. “That’s why you’re the boss. You see the bigger picture.” 
Sam frowned as Ben walked back to the guardhouse. Is that how they see me, as the one in charge? I thought I made it clear that Frank’s in charge.

*****

Fay Dunlop sighed with relief when her husband’s white pickup truck pulled underneath the rocky outcropping next to their little cave. They used the hiding place to hide their vehicles from any curious eyes that might happen by. From a distance, it looked like any other collection of rocks out there in the middle of nowhere. If you didn’t accidently stumble upon the cave entrance, you wouldn’t know it was there. 
Clive’s uncle, Trevor Dunlop, discovered the cave six years ago, and never imagined that it would one day become their safe haven. Fay and her husband Clive used to live in Little Rock, but when the riots got out of control, they fled the city, and were invited by Uncle Trevor to stay on the farm. 
They gathered provisions, friends and family, and moved into the cave. For months it was a safe haven, and they had water. In the back of the cave, a small stream provided them with drinking water. A month and a half ago, the stream ran dry. They had the old water tanker and kept it filled as a reserve, together with two big plastic containers. They rationed the water, but two weeks ago the tanker ran dry. Clive and three other people left the safety of the cave with the tanker in search of water. 
Clive was away for nearly a week. It took her a few moments in her husband’s arms before she realized there was no vehicle.
“Honey, where’s the water tanker?” she asked, her voice thick with worry. 
“We were hiding from a group of raiders in an old quarry near Pine Bluff when another group arrived, also hiding from the killers. After a standoff, both groups realized the other meant them no harm, which was a relief. They were heavily armed and we were out-gunned. I told them we want to trade for water, and had to tell them about the fuel. They are definitely interested,” Clive explained. 
“Do you think we can trust these people?” Fay asked.
Clive shook his head. “I don’t know. They weren’t raiders, and we searched for water for almost a week and found nothing. It was a gamble I had to take.” 
The pain in her husband’s voice touched her heart. He took the responsibility of the people in the cave on him, and it ate at him that he wasn’t able to do more for them.
Clive looked at his wife’s dirty face, but he didn’t see the dirt. Or that her once lovely brown locks had to make way for a short cut. There was no water to wash her hair, and like almost everyone else, she cut her hair short. In those sad brown eyes that reminded him of a little deer he once rescued, he saw the beautiful woman that he married. 
He sighed. “We’ll know by noon, the day after tomorrow. We made an arrangement to meet them at the quarry.” 
Fay hugged her husband, her voice soft. “I hope it works out darling, because we only have water left for another day or so.”

*****

Before dawn the tanker was filled and ready to go. Frank arrived on the farm to oversee the final preparations for the trip. Sam decided to lead the exchange mission. Linda was not at all happy that he would be away from the safety of the farm, but she understood, and felt a little better when she heard Frank ordering five squads to escort the water. 
“I’ll ride with Gus in the tanker,” Sam said.
Nick didn’t agree. “Don’t you think it would be safer in one of the pickups? You can ride with me.” 
Sam shook his head and smiled. “If we do get attacked, I’ll rather be in the tanker. They would be shooting at you and not at the water. No thanks, I think I’ll be much safer with the water.”
Sam and the others laughed at the expression on Nick’s face, all, except Linda. She did not like the thought that someone might be shooting at them.
Sam noticed the worried look on her face and tried to ease her mind. “The raiders move in small groups, and they are very unlikely to take on such a big, well-armed force. Besides, we’ll steer well clear of any trouble.”
Nick realized that Sam tried to soothe an anxious Linda.
“Don’t worry, we’ll look after him,” he said with a grin. 
Without taking her eyes of Sam’s face she said, “You better, or you won’t get any food again!”
While the others mounted their vehicles, Sam took Linda in his arms. “Don’t fear. I’ll be back before you know it.” 
She nodded, too choked up to say word, so she reached for Sam’s face, and pulled his head toward her. She gently kissed his willing lips. Their goodbye kiss was short, but full of promise. As they left the farm, she returned his wave while tears streamed down her cheeks.
She murmured so no one but her could hear. “I love you Sam, so please return safely. My heart will not survive without you.”

Chapter 14

    As Sam intended, the convoy reached the quarry two hours before noon. He sent Jake and his squad ahead to ensure they weren’t riding into an ambush at the quarry, but the place was deserted with no signs of life. No movement, no sound, it was like a little forgotten piece of land on earth. Jake signaled that all was well, and the rest of the convoy pulled into the quarry. Sam stepped out of the truck and surveyed the area. In the far back area was space to hide the water tanker and a few trucks from view. Sam instructed Gus to move the tanker out of view, and posted a man on the rock above.
Half an hour later everything was in place and out of sight, with only Nick’s pickup truck in the middle of the quarry. Sam and Nick sat on the hood of Nick’s truck, patiently waiting for the traders’ arrival. While they were waiting, Nick and Sam got better acquainted. Nick told Sam about his friendship with Jake and about their families. Nick and Jake’s wives were cousins, but as close to each other as sisters. When Nick and Jake dated them, they actually thought they were sisters. 
Nick stared into the distance for a while. “It must be difficult not remembering anything about your past?” 
Sam nodded. “It is. I don’t even have a flash of a memory, just the occasional feeling that I have done or know how to do something.”
 Almost on the stroke of noon, one of the motorcycle riders alerted them that someone headed their way. A green and yellow fuel tanker pulled into the quarry, escorted by a big white pickup truck. They came to a stop, side by side, twenty meters from where Sam and Nick waited, casually leaning their backs against the bull bars of Nick’s truck. Sam with his arms folded, Nick with his hands in his pockets nonchalantly kicking at a rock by his feet. Clive stepped out of the pickup truck, nervous. His eyes moved from side to side, sweeping the area, looking for trouble, but Sam had the people well hidden. 
Sam walked over and met Clive halfway.
“Are you Clive?” he asked.
The tall thin man with the dark brown eyes nodded as he looked at the clean person in front of him. It had been a while since he saw people that were not covered in dirt. 
Sam continued in a calm, pleasant voice. 
“Hi, I’m Sam,” and he offered his hand in greeting. 
Clive looked into Sam’s brilliant blue eyes, searching for any sign of deception, but found none. He gripped Sam’s hand and returned the greeting. 
“Where’s the water?” Clive asked. The desperation in his voice reflected in his eyes. 
“Do you mind if we inspect the fuel first?” Sam asked, his voice still calm and soothing.
Clive stared at him for a moment, and then nodded. 
“Gary, check the fuel!” Sam called out to a guy that waited to the side, behind a huge boulder. 
“Gary used to own a fuel station, so he’s our resident fuel expert,” Sam said in the same chatty tone. 
Gary Wood, a stocky, middle aged man, hurried to the fuel tanker as fast as his short legs could carry him. Under Clive’s watchful stare, he climbed up the tanker with a fuel stick. Something caught Clive’s eye, and Sam noticed the color drain from his dirty face. Sam immediately realized Clive saw two of the riflemen hiding in the rocks, but his voice remained calm.
“Relax, Clive. We had to make sure that we were not set up, and we have to protect our cargo.”
Clive had to restrain every muscle he had to ensure his body didn’t turn around and run away, and he looked around nervously, his eyes filled with suspicion.
Sam waved to the guy on the rock. The roaring sound of an engine broke the silence, and Gus drove the water tanker around to where Sam and Clive waited. The sight of the water tanker was a big relief for Clive, but his eyes still darted. 
“Hey, Sam, the fuel’s good,” Gary shouted from the top of the tanker. 
Sam smiled at Clive. “Brilliant. There, the water’s all yours.” 
There was hesitation on Clive’s face.
Sam sighed. “It is such sad times that you can’t trust a stranger anymore, but Clive, we’re not here to harm you. We’re simply here to trade, and I hope we can do it again in the near future.”
Clive looked at Sam’s face, and found it hard not to trust him.  “Thank you Sam, my people really need this water badly.”
Sam extended his hand again. “Thank you for the fuel, we need that too.”
Clive called his driver over and indicated to Sam that the fuel tanker was theirs. Clive waited till the driver was seated in the water tanker, and then turned to Sam.
“If we have something else to trade for water, where do I find you?” he asked. 
Sam stared at Clive for a moment then said, “Bring the water tanker to White River, but leave your escort behind as you approach town. If my people see any vehicle beside the water tanker, they won’t hesitate to shoot.” 
Clive smiled and nodded as he hopped into the passenger seat of the tanker.
Sam watched as the water and its escort drove away, before he waved the rest out of hiding. He smiled. It was a good thing Clive didn’t see everyone, or he might have fainted. He took his place next to Gus in the tanker, and then they were on their way home. The trip to the farm was without incident and they made good time. 
Sam asked to be dropped off at the farm before the convoy delivered their cargo to town. Linda came running when Sam stepped out of the truck. He was back, her face happy, and her eyes danced with joy. She grabbed Sam around the neck, and before he could get out a word, her lips welcomed him home.

*****

   The water tanker came to a stop in the shade near a pile of rocks, just after the turnoff to their cave. Clive got out and stared at the top of the rocks. A big man with a head of brilliant red hair peeked over the side.
“Is everything okay, Red?” Clive asked.
The big man flashed him a smile. “Yes, no one followed you here. I take it you got the water?”
“Throw me your bottle, and I’ll fill it for you,” Clive answered.
Red drop the old army water bottle, and Clive caught it easily. He filled it from the tanker and threw it up, where two big, grateful hands grabbed the bottle. 
“Thanks,” Red said as he unscrewed the cap.
“It’s scorching up here, and without water, I got worried I might not have the strength to climb down again.”
Clive shook his head in sympathy. Red had a terrible job as lookout, up there on the rocks in the baking sun. Red constructed a makeshift shelter that you can’t see from the ground to shade him from the direct sunlight. But you didn’t need to be in the sun to feel the heat, which was in excess of forty degrees Celsius. Clive heard Red gulped down the water.
“Finish the whole thing, and I’ll fill you another,” he called to the lookout.
Red wasn’t about to argue, although he received extra water every day, it was still very little. At that moment, he drank more water in one go than what he had the whole week. He drained the canteen and dropped it down once more.
After he took care of Red, Clive continued on to the cave. The moment they came to a halt inside their hiding place, Fay was in Clive’s arms.
“Did it go ok?” she asked.
Clive nodded and Fay burst out in tears. He knew it was tears of relief. He felt the same way earlier. 
“If we use this water sparingly, it should last about a month. Sam, the leader of the guys we traded with, seems real decent. He said if we find something else to trade, that they would be willing. That gives us about a month to find something to barter with.” 
Fay smiled at her husband and said, “I’m going to call the others to get water, they’re all weak with thirst.” 
Clive swallowed at the lump in his throat. For the first time in months, his pretty wife smiled.

*****

On the farm, excitement filled the morning air. The day of the first green bean harvest had arrived, and everyone looked forward to some fresh vegetables. Even people who didn’t like green beans before the drought, licked their lips. When the bus arrived on the farm filled with eager people, Sam and Linda looked at each other and smiled. 
Linda led the majority of the group to the tunnels, while Sam led a small, disappointed group to finish work on the barley tunnels. Two tunnels were completed, and Henry delivered three bags of barley seed he found. It wasn’t enough to plant all three tunnels, but enough to do two. If Henry was unable to find more seed, they would have to wait until after the first harvest to plant the extra tunnel. That meant their first planting would mainly be for seed, but it would benefit them in the long run.
By the end of the day, with the bean harvest done, the people were happy, and clean after a shower. Sam and Linda stood on the porch and watched the bus leave with its escort. Linda sighed and Sam glanced at her.
He frowned. “What’s wrong?” 
She shook her head. “Nothing’s wrong. I still find it hard to believe how drastically things changed in such a short period of time. How could things have gone bad so quickly?” 
Sam shrugged. “Once governance fails, humans resort to their natural instincts, and the strong oppress the weak.”
Linda looked at Sam, her eyes serious. “I’m glad that didn’t happen here, and we largely have you to thank for that.”
Sam gazed into the emerald eyes, and put a hand tenderly against her cheek. “It was only because I had help, and a lot of motivation. I’ll do anything to keep you safe.”
He pulled her into the safety of his arms, and held her to his chest. 
Linda sighed and sounded content. She lifted her head to look up at him. “Sam, do you think things will ever be normal again?”
He thought for a moment. “I really don’t have an idea of what normal is, but I suspect that it would eventually, when it starts to rain again. It might take a while, because it’s always easier to break something than to fix it.”
She reached up, pulled his head down and their lips met, sending electric shocks through the both of them. He felt her lips move under his, felt the hunger, and it sent his heart racing. He pulled his head back, and she didn’t resist. Linda knew that if she did, neither of them would be able to stop. She laid her head on his chest and watched the setting sun. 
The huge orange orb hovered just above the horizon, ready to plunge the earth into darkness for the night. They didn’t move and kept hold of each other without saying a word. They watched the sun as it slowly melted into the horizon, until it completely disappeared from their view. The darkness also brought slight relief from the staggering heat. Somewhere on the other side of the planet, that same sun was now rising.
Linda listened to the rhythmic beat of his heart and closed her eyes, lost in the moment. She heard his heart skip a beat and felt his body stiffen and lifted her head to ask what was wrong, when she heard it too. The sharp cracks of distant gunfire reached them, the intensity increasing by the second. He let her go, grabbed his rifle that rested against the porch railing, and pulled her into the house. For a moment she thought they were under attack again, but then realized the sound was too far. The gunfire came from the direction of the town.

Chapter 15

Peter Roden and Fred Manning’s squads relieved Darrel Marksberry and Fritz Schweitzer at the barricade guarding the east entrance to town. Fritz, the big German who had a reputation in town as one with a quick temper and even quicker with his fists, was one to avoid. Quite a few men in town had a run in with his huge fists, which knew what they were doing. The Carson brothers, Duke and Luke had a recent run in with him. Duke Carson missed a front tooth courtesy of Fritz, but since that incident, after they both woke up in the hospital instead of their normal place, the jail; they steered well clear of the German.
Peter and Fred made sure their squads were positioned for the night. Their barricade was located in the old residence part of town, which didn’t offer much in the line of building vantage points. They had to rely more on their shelter, which consisted of old trucks, busses and other junkers from Harry’s junkyard. They added a few plates of homemade armor for added cover, which would give them adequate protection from most bullets. Once Peter and Fred were happy that everyone was in place, they took their positions for the night.
It was just a shade away from complete darkness when Peter heard the low rumbling sound of slow moving vehicles. They couldn’t see anything, but somewhere on the road was a sound that rolled towards them in the quiet of the night. A number of vehicles slowly approached their position, and they weren’t expecting company. 
“Eugene, go to the Command Centre, and inform the Commander that we have company. He must bring re-enforcements, and hurry. This sounds like trouble,” he ordered one of the young men in his squad.
Eugene ran to a waiting car, and raced away to inform Frank Hurley in his office in the old police station, which now served as the Command Centre.
A few moments later the vehicles were so close, they could make out the dim outline of five pickup trucks. They were about fifty meters away when Peter switched on his flash light and shone it in the direction of the approaching party, waving the light from side to side, signaling the visitors to halt. The moment they saw the light, the five trucks fanned out and swiveled to the side to form a protective line. People jumped from the trucks, taking cover behind them. For a moment it was dead quiet.
“State your intent or get in your trucks and leave,” Peter shouted.
A volley of shots slammed into the armor plates at the barricade. The onslaught of bullets took the defenders behind the shelter by surprise, but they quickly recovered and returned fire. A sharp yell behind him caught Peter’s attention. A member of his squad tumbled backwards. 
One glance told him he could do nothing for the unfortunate man. Just like the attackers, the only thing they had to aim at, was the flashes from the weapons in front of them. Fred noticed movement behind him, but before he could turn, Frank’s booming voice sounded.
“Help has arrived!” Frank shouted, and a wave of people joined the defensive line.
Frank quickly took stock of the situation. They had limited ammunition and couldn’t afford a prolonged fight. He called Nick, Jake, Edward and Nathan, and ordered them to circle around, and attack the intruders from the side. The attackers were so focused on the barricade, that they didn’t see or hear the attack that came from their left, until it was too late. 
Nick and the others executed the military style attack from the flank with swift and deadly precision. Two trucks managed to get away with people desperately diving onto the back to escape the carnage. Then it was over. 
“Cease fire, cease fire!” Frank screamed, not wanting to waste precious ammunition.
 The smell of gunpowder and dust hung heavily in the air, and against the lights, the last traces of smoke drifted away with the wind.
Nathan and the rest pulled their trucks around the attackers’ vehicles to form a circle, with their headlights illuminating the scene. They inspected the battle field, the ground littered with bodies.
“Do you have any idea who they are or where they came from?” Frank asked.
Nick shook his head. “No, but I’m sure they’re raiders. A large group too, there are at least ten bodies here, and they’re all heavily armed. I’m sure they didn’t stumble onto us by accident. This appears to be a planned attack.”
Frank scowled. Planned attacks against the town didn’t bode well for the future.
“Okay, gather the weapons, ammunition, and whatever else we can use. Load all the bodies on the trucks and move them out into the open. We can deal with them when it’s daylight. Right now, let’s get everyone back to safety,” he ordered.
With everyone back behind the protection of the barricade, they took stock and found that in the carnage, they only lost one person. Peter’s squad member, Greg Farmer, caught a ricochet bullet in the head, killing him instantly. 
Five others were wounded, and Frank ordered them to the hospital. Doc Percy would take care of them. The rest of the night nobody got much sleep. Everyone in town was on edge, waiting for another attack, but none came.
Back on the farm, when the shooting started, Sam grabbed Linda and moved her to the safety of the guardhouse. 
“What do you think happened?” Ernie Hanson asked.
“Sounds like the town is under attack,” Sam answered.
They were quiet for a moment.
“Should we go help them?” Chester asked.
Sam shook his head. “No, they’re well dug in there. We’re more vulnerable out here, so keep your eyes open and stay alert!”
They detected the increase in intensity of the gun battle when Nick and the rest joined the fight, and then all went quiet. Sam felt Linda’s trembling body next to him where he crouched next to the door.
He pulled her against him and whispered, “Don’t be scared, I won’t let anything happen to you.” 
Linda pressed against him, and felt the warmth and strength of his body against hers. She took a deep breath, and drew strength from his presence. Her body relaxed, and then it stopped shaking. 
For quite a while they sat like that, with Sam sheltering her. He listened for any threats that might be headed their way. In the stillness of the night, the creaky sound of the wind pumps while the rotors turned lazily in the evening breeze, and the splashing of water from the discharge pipe as it hit the surface of the dam, was the only sounds that stood out. Linda laid her head on Sam’s back, and it didn’t take long before he heard her rhythmic breathing as she drifted off to sleep. When his body tensed, she was wide awake.
“What is it?” she asked in a whisper. 
“There are vehicles on the way from the direction of town. Probably someone sent to check on us,” he said, trying to sound nonchalantly. 
The vehicles drove slowly as they had to travel in the dark. They could hear the change in the sound of the tires, as they turned off the main road onto the dirt path leading to the farm. There were four pickup trucks and they stopped side by side in the middle of the yard. 
“Sam?” 
Nick’s voice sounded anxious when he stepped out of his truck.
Sam and Linda walked from the guardhouse, while the others held their positions.
“What’s with all the shooting?” Sam asked.
Nick peered through the darkness and gave a sigh of relief at the sight of them. “You heard it all the way out here?”
Sam snorted. “It was hard to miss, sounded like a war zone.” 
Nick ran them through the attack on the town and how they dealt with it. 
“Was anybody hurt?” Linda asked, her voice thick with worry.
Nick sighed. “Greg Farmer was killed. Five others were wounded, but nothing serious. Doc’s taking care of them.” 
Linda buried her head in Sam’s shoulder and swallowed a sob. Everyone in town knew everybody, and Greg used to work at the railway station. He always helped her load her packages when she used to do the deliveries.
“You think they stumbled onto the town by accident?” Sam asked.
Nick shook his head. “No, this was a planned attack. They were heavily armed and by the look of them, I would say they were raiders. A couple of days ago, Ralph Moore and his guys turned around two passersby in a pickup truck. Ralph swears that same truck was used in the attack. They stumbled onto the town and informed their buddies. The way the town is guarded, they figured there had to be food and water. From the way they attacked, I would say they were desperate. Unfortunately for them, they underestimated the force that guards the town.”
Sam thought for a moment. ”Any survivors?” he asked. 
“Unfortunately two trucks got away with a few people on them. Jake and I wanted to pursue them, but Frank said it was too dangerous in the dark,” Nick said. 
Sam agreed. “Frank’s right. At least the survivors will spread the word that the town’s well-guarded, and anybody else might think twice before trying another attack.” 
“I thought the same thing. I’m just worried the raiders might all gang together, and launch a bigger attack,” Nick said.
Sam shook his head. “They tend to move in small groups. Those types don’t get on well with each other. Besides, I’ve noticed the raiders in this area are on the decrease. There are no more resources left, so most of them will move elsewhere.” 
Nick nodded and remembered that on their last scouting trip, they didn’t run across any raiders.
  The following day they held a funeral for Greg Farmer. Besides the guards on duty, everyone attended the funeral in the town cemetery, just outside the town perimeter. The funeral reminded everyone about the danger of their situation and that they should all be vigilant in their defense of the town and the water. Others won’t hesitate to kill to take it from them. Frank ordered that no unidentified vehicle be allowed closer than a hundred meters from town. Sam reminded them about Clive, and if anybody approached in a lone water tanker, not to shoot. They both agreed that if they refer someone in the future for trade, the trader would be given a password.
The weeks that followed, the effects of the attack remained visible on the townspeople. Everyone was subdued and had low morale, the death of Greg fresh on everyone’s minds. The fifteen fresh graves a kilometer south of town a reminder to others to stay away, but of little comfort to the people of White River. Tempers flared all over town as the strain began to take its toll. Even on the farm, Sam and Linda had their hands full with people who seem to rub each other the wrong way.
The sun barely lifted above the horizon when Sam and Linda stepped onto the porch.
“God, I miss a cup of coffee,” Linda said. She sounded groggy and looked miserable.
Sam knew how much Linda adored her morning coffee, and asked Nick and Jake to keep their eyes open for coffee, but they were not able to find any yet. Sam gazed over toward the guardhouse where the guards gathered their stuff and loaded it on their trucks. Their relief would arrive soon. He swung his view towards the water. The surface rippled and glimmered in the early morning breeze. 
Then his eyes widened and he gasped. “What on earth is that?” 
Linda swung her head around, her eyes followed his to the water, and her hand flew to her mouth. “I don’t believe it!”
Two geese floated gently on the water. Their eyes closed in bliss, black necks bobbled with the movement of the water, their brownish-gray bodies soaking up the wetness beneath them. Linda ran to the edge of the dam and stared at the birds in wonder.
“What are they?” Sam asked next to her.
She smiled at him. “Canadian geese. They used to be everywhere before the drought, a real nuisance actually. I never thought I would be so happy to see one again!”
“Wow!” Carl said as he came to look what the fuss was about and lifted his rifle.
“No!” Linda shouted.
Sam growled. “If you shoot at them, I’ll run you through with your own rifle like a kebab.” 
The color drained from Carl’s face, and he lowered his rifle, his ears red with embarrassment. 
Sam glared at him for a moment. “If we’re lucky enough to find a live animal, any live animal, we should take care of it, and protect it. For all we know, that may be the last of its species.”
News of the geese quickly spread through town. People flocked to the farm to see them. The sight of their graceful movements on the water lifted everyone’s spirits. Sam fed them barley grass from the tunnels, which they gulped down. 
“You think they will fly away?” Linda asked after a few days.
“This is the only food and water around. I’m sure if nobody bothers them, they’ll stay here,” Sam answered. 
Linda quickly made friends with the geese, and it didn’t take long before they took grass from her hand and followed her all around the yard. They didn’t trust Sam, and whenever he came close, they hissed at him. If he didn’t retreat quick enough, they flapped their wings and snapped in his direction, while making their squeaking, honking sound, to great amusement of Linda and everyone else that watched. Sam didn’t mind. The miracle of the geese brought the town new hope.

Chapter 16

Clive received disturbing news. For the past two weeks, Cousin Travis led the scout party and searched for anything they might be able to trade for water. After another five day trip, they once again returned to the cave empty handed. They searched east, north and west of their location, but found nothing. The further north they searched, the more raiders they encountered. It got too dangerous, so they turned around and headed home. Travis didn’t bother checking south, because Sam and his people were south, and would check everything down there.
Fay used to work as a nurse in Little Rock before the trouble started, and she had been looking after the people’s health in the cave. She informed Clive that the group’s wellbeing had been deteriorating due to malnutrition and a general lack of hygiene. Since they received the tanker of water, everyone got a wipe down with a wet cloth every night, but they needed much more than that. Vitamin supplements used to help boost them, but they ran out two weeks ago and were not unable to find more. It had been three weeks since they received the tanker, and by Clive’s estimation, had about a week’s worth of water left, two if they stretched it thin.
Clive sat on a rock outside the cave and stared at the black remains of the burned down old farmhouse about five hundred meters from the cave. It used to be a majestic building which his uncle’s father built mostly with his own hands. But one day the raiders came searching for food and water, and when they found nothing, they burned the house down for the hell of it. Clive and two other people had to hold his furious uncle back, and then had to watch him cry when he saw his home go up in flames. 
Clive let his eyes wander over the area, his thought going back to when he visited the farm as a kid. There were so many trees around, forests that stretched for miles. But first the drought came, and then the fires, and the wind, until only barren ground with a few charred stumps of the once majestic giants remained. Without water, there is no life.
Clive sighed. He too wanted to cry. The circumstance left him helpless, but he had to stay strong. Fay and the others looked to him as their leader, expecting strength and guidance, trusting their lives to him, and he cannot fail. That left him with only one option, he had to join the search and pray they find something of value that could be traded for precious water. They had to split up to double their efforts. He would lead one search party and Travis the other, which increased their chances of finding something.
The next few hours they spent hunched over an old map of the area, discussing who would go where. Travis’s group of six travelled east north-east towards Memphis, while Clive led a group towards the Ouachita Mountains. They made arrangements to meet back at the cave in no more than eight days. If one group returned with something of value before the time, they would take the tanker and head for White River. 
Fay held her husband tight. She didn’t want to entertain the thought that it might be the last time she saw him alive. She could only trust that he would come back to her, safely. He kissed her long and passionate, showing her all the love he had.
“I’ll be back before you know it,” he said when he lifted his head. 
She didn’t want to let him go, but before she could say anything, he took off in the truck. She watched the dust as they made their way to the main road, tears running down her face, leaving track marks through the dirt that collected in the course of the day.
Clive’s group travelled westwards until they reached Poyen, which they found, like the previous towns, utterly and completely deserted. Clive stared at burnt structures, unsure if the buildings were set alight by the departing tenants, or by the raiders. They found a house next to the road that was left intact, hid the vehicles in the garage and settled in for the night. They took turns doing guard duty while the others rested. It turned out to be a waste. Nothing moved during the night, apart from a piece of loose wood that flapped in the wind. By first light, they continued their quest, swinging northwest, searching any building along the way not burned to the ground.
After five days on the road, all they had to show for their trouble was a box of vitamins. When they neared Hot Springs, the town crawled with activity. Heavily armed people, most wearing dark green shirts, and pants with a camouflage motif, moved around the town. Clive took the group as close as possible without being detected. From a distance it appeared to be raiders. Not wanting to risk unnecessary contact, he changed direction and headed south. 
As they drove past Lake Hamilton, he stared at the dry lake. Clive remembered spending time there after Fay and he got married. His eyes observed a different picture than what his memories told him. He found it hard to believe that it was the same place. Near nightfall, they swung east and searched for suitable shelter for the night. They found themselves about twenty kilometers outside Midway when they heard gunshots in the distance.
Clive’s first instinct was to avoid it, probably a group of raiders attacking some poor lost soul. The times were such that it was almost a guarantee, if someone shot at something, raiders were involved. 
“What if they’re attacking someone with supplies that we can use? Maybe we should investigate and see if we can lend a hand,” Clive’s cousin Jerry suggested. 
Clive looked at him for a second, contemplating. 
Jerry got impatient. “Come on Clive, we’re desperate.  I know you want to keep everyone safe, but safe will not help us anymore!” 
Clive sighed. Jerry was right. “Ok, let’s go have a look and see what the ruckus is all about.”
They drove slowly in the direction of the gunfight, until they rounded a bend, and the scene in front of them unfolded. Two pickup trucks parked in the middle of the road, one with a high cattle railing and a dirty brown tarp covering the back. Behind the second truck, a person crouched, occasionally firing in the direction of a cluster of rocks to the right. Clive’s eyes followed the directions of the guy’s shots. Behind the rocks, eight men took turns firing at the man. It appeared they were about to charge the trucks. The man pinned behind the truck had no chance. 
The raiders didn’t spot them yet, and Clive intended to use the element of surprise to his advantage.
“Shoot the raiders and make it count!” he ordered. 
The raiders were hidden from their victims, but, coming from behind, Clive and his group had a clear line of sight. They opened fire on the unsuspecting raiders, taking them completely by surprise. Within a few seconds, five of the raiders fell over clutching various body parts. The three remaining men realized the new threat, but instead of turning to defend themselves, they turned and ran to the side of the rocks, jumped on waiting motorcycles and sped away in the opposite direction.
“Jerry, check the raiders. I’m going to check on the other people,” Clive ordered.
He walked cautiously towards the two pickup trucks, holding his rifle ready. 
“We’re here to help, don’t shoot!” he shouted, but nobody answered. 
On approach, he noticed that both drivers of the trucks were killed in their seats. Six more bodies lay on or behind the trucks. The party was taken completely by surprise, and most were killed before they even knew what hit them. The ambush was ferocious and effective.  
Clive looked to where he saw the last man shooting, but there was nobody. He cautiously approached the front, and noticed the guy behind the truck on the ground, clutching his chest, his shirt soaked with blood. Clive rushed over and saw the young man was still alive, but barely so. 
Clive crouched next to him, but nothing he could do would help. The man stared at him, his eyes scared, pleading, blood dripping from the corner of his mouth. His lips moved, but only a soft gurgling sound emerged. Clive put a hand on the man’s shoulder.
“I’m so sorry we didn’t get here sooner,” he said.
The man looked at him, nodded his head slightly, and then his last breath flowed over cracked lips, his lifeless eyes staring at Clive.
“They’re all dead!” Jerry said behind him. 
Clive stood up and looked at Jerry.
“So are these folk. We were too late!” he said with bitterness in his voice.
Jerry looked around at the dead people and then turned to Clive.
“What now?” he asked.
Clive stared at the corpse by his feet. “Let’s see why they were killed.”
On the back of the first pickup truck, under a tarp, were a few cans of food and two bags of rice. They walked to the back of the second pickup truck with the cattle railing, and loosened the rope tying the tarp to the truck. They pulled the tarp back and both men fell backwards, surprised by what they saw. Two big, wild black eyes stared at them. 
Clive and Jerry looked at each other, shock on their faces.
“A Cow?” Clive asked to get confirmation that his eyes didn’t lie to him.
They scrambled back to their feet when the others ran towards them. 
“Yes, it’s a cow,” Jerry said. 
He lifted the tarp higher to have a better look. The animal’s nostrils flared and she breathed hard, frightened, with no escape.
He jumped onto the side and patted the cow’s black and white side.
“Easy girl, nobody’s going to hurt you,” he talked softly, trying to calm the animal.
“She’s scared stiff,” he said.
“All that shooting scared me too. Is it injured?” Clive asked.
Jerry searched the cow for any possible wounds.
“Miraculously, with all that bullets flying around, she wasn’t hit,” he said and jumped from the back.
“You think your pals in White River will trade water for the cow?” he asked.
Clive looked at the cow. Her condition was not the best. She was thin, her ribs clearly visible through her hide. 
He sighed. “There’s only one way to find out. Let’s bury these people and take whatever we can use. We need to get the cow back to the cave, and then I’ll go speak to Sam.”

*****

It was late in the afternoon. The worker bus already left for the day. Sam and Linda walked hand in hand through the barley tunnels. Linda liked working there, because the air conditioners kept it at a constant eighteen degrees Celsius, and it made a welcome relief from the scorching heat outside. The knee high grass formed a sea of green, a welcome change from the constant sight of dust outside the tunnels. They approached the door of one of the tunnels when Sam heard the vehicles approaching.
“Is the bus on the way back? Maybe someone forgot something,” he said.
They walked into the middle of the yard as the vehicles came to view.
To their surprise, it was not the bus, but Clive’s water tanker, followed by an old green pickup truck with a cattle railing and a tarp covering the back. Carl jumped from the truck.
“You two will not believe this,” he said, his voice filled with excitement.
He beckoned them to the back of the pickup truck, loosened the rope and in one swift motion, pulled the tarp back. A pair of big curious black eyes stared at them. Sam and Linda looked at each other with amazement on their faces, and then again at the black and white cow. As if reading their minds and to tell them that she was indeed real, the cow let out a loud moo.
“Where on earth did you get her?” Linda asked stumped.
“A guy by the name of Clive Dunlop brought the tanker to the northern barricade and asked to see Sam. Of course Fred told him that Sam wasn’t available. This Clive then said he had a cow to trade for water, so Fred called Frank. Of course Frank told him that the skinny cow wasn’t worth much water, but I remembered what you said about live animals and said I would inform you. Clive said they would wait five kilometers north of town for an answer, or some water. Frank said it’s up to you to decide how much water you want to give them for the scrawny cow,” Carl said finishing his story, glancing at the cow. 
Sam frowned “Why did Clive send the cow and not wait for the exchange?” 
Carl lifted his shoulders. “He said they have nothing to feed it, and hoped that you do.”
Linda smiled at Sam. “Like you said, they’re good people.” 
Sam nodded, and then instructed Carl to pull the tanker next to the water tower. The previous time they filled the tanker it took too long. Sam came up with the idea to add a water storage tank next to the wind pump. It made it easier to fill the town’s water bottles, fed the showers, the wash area, and it sped up the filling of the big water tankers. 
“How much water do you intend to give them for the cow?” Linda asked.
Without hesitation Sam answered, “A whole tanker full.” 
Linda stepped forward and hugged him. She smiled, happy in the knowledge that even in the harsh times they lived, Sam had a good heart.

Chapter 17

     The never ending wind whistled through the wind pump structure, the rotors spinning effortless as the first rays of sunshine hit them. Sam stood on the porch. His eyes followed the stream that splashed steadily into the dam. The previous day they used a lot of water from the dam, in the greenhouses, for washing, drinking, and for the showers. But the constant gush from the wind pump replenished the water by morning. Even with filling the big plastic tower, and the tanker, they had reached a balancing point between water received, and water used every day.
“Do you watch over your kingdom?” Linda asked from behind and snaked her arms around him, pressing her warm soft body against his. 
Sam smiled, his answer tender. “No my lady, I’m merely watching over yours.” 
She snorted. “Me? A lady? That’s a good one!”
He wriggled around, still captured in her embrace, and landed a quick kiss on her lips.
“You are, and the fact that you can’t see it, makes you even more desirable,” he said.
She kissed him again. “If you’re the one that desires me, I don’t care.”
He smiled. “I do, but the escort will be here shortly, and I’m sure Clive is anxiously awaiting that water.” 
The smile left her face and sadness returned to her eyes.
“Do you have to go along?” she asked.
Sam nodded. “Yes, I want to see how Clive’s doing, and I want to have a chat with him. They roam around further north, maybe they can share some information on what’s going on up there. We’re quite isolated here, and since we lost television and radio signal, we have no idea what’s going on in the rest of the world.”
She hugged him again. “You make sure you come back to me.” 
They were still in each other’s arms when Nick, Jake and the rest of the escort pulled into the yard. Frank took no chances with the precious water and sent a five-squad escort. Like before, Sam rode with the tanker driven by Gus. The driver missed being in his big rig on the open road, and relished any opportunity to drive. Clive waited five kilometers north of White River in the dusty white pickup truck parked next to the road. 
Carl brought word the previous night that Sam would be along in the morning. It was a long night, and an even longer wait next to the deserted road. When Clive asked how much water they would get for the cow, Carl just shrugged and said Sam would discuss it with him in the morning. It left Clive frustrated, he was eager to get back to the cave, but could do nothing but wait.
When the convoy pulled up, Sam stepped out of the tanker and offered a friendly greeting. Although Clive returned the greeting, Sam felt the tension. Clive threw a sideward glance at the tanker.
“How’s the cow doing?” he asked.
The worry lines visible on Clive’s face, the strain made his eyes appear tired.
“She’s doing well. Our vet checked her out and said she’s malnourished, but otherwise in good health. With a little care she’ll be just fine. Some of our people will build her a nice corral today,” he said.
Clive nodded and tried to keep his question as nonchalant as possible. “How much water did you give us for the cow?” 
Sam frowned at the worried look on Clive’s face. “A full tanker.”
Visible relief flooded Clive’s face, and as much as he wanted to hide it, he was unable to stop. 
Clive grabbed Sam’s hand and shook it gratefully. “Sam, thank you. Thank you very much. This means a lot to us.”
The brow between Sam’s eyes deepened. “Clive, are things that bad for you and your people?” 
Clive stared at the man from White River, and a flash of shame crossed his face.
He sighed. “I’m afraid so. The cave provides shelter and hides us from the raiders, but we’re running out of food. Now at least we have water, thanks to you.”
Sam looked at the single white pickup truck that stood waiting next to the road. “Where’s the rest of your escort?”
“This is it. We had to use all the fuel we had for the tanker,” Clive answered.
Sam shook his head. “Clive, that tanker contains precious cargo, and if you come under attack from raiders, there’s no way you’ll be able to defend yourself!” 
Sam looked at Nick, who had alarm in his eyes. He knew what Sam was about to suggest, but then sighed, and gave a slight nod in agreement.
Sam swung his gaze back to Clive. “We’ll escort you to your cave. If your people need this water as bad as you say, we can’t take any chances with it.”
Clive thought for a moment, weighing up his options, and realized Sam was right. They couldn’t risk losing the water, because that would mean certain death for his family. His uncle and the others at the cave might be upset that he gave their location away, but nothing they had was of any worth to Sam’s people. 
He nodded. “How do you want to do this?” 
Sam looked at the convoy, quickly formulating a plan. “You know the way. Take the lead in your truck, and we’ll follow. If there’s any sign of trouble, we’ll form a protective circle around the tanker with the pickups.” 
Clive nodded and ran over to where Jerry waited in the truck, and after a quick word, they headed north.
The convoy snaked along the road and made good time. There were no other signs of life, and nobody to slow them down. The constant wind blew a lot of sand onto the asphalt, which made the road difficult to follow in places. The convoy’s tires left a huge trail of dust that could be seen from far away, but Sam banked on the fact that if they were spotted, only a fool would attack such a large, well-armed convoy. The motorcycle spotters scouted ahead, and occasionally flanked out to the sides, searching for any sign of trouble, but the land was utterly deserted. With no water around, it was abandoned and of no use to anyone, human or animal.
They reached the turnoff without incident, and Clive brought his pickup to a halt next to the huge rocks. A worried looking Red peeked over the edge, and Clive quickly explained what happened. Red breathed a sigh of relief.
“I thought we were under attack, and wondered if throwing rocks would keep them back, because I don’t have enough ammunition to take them all,” he said.
Clive shook his head and turned to Sam. “Thank you, we’ll be safe from here. The cave is just up the road.” 
Sam nodded. “Anytime.”
He watched as Clive walked to the truck, and then called him back. “Clive, next time you need water, bring the tanker to town. I’ll fill it for you. Don’t worry about anything to trade.” 
Clive stared at Sam for a moment, a dumbstruck look on his face. Then it struck him what Sam’s words meant. A huge grin broke out on his face, but it faded as quickly as it appeared.
“Why would you do this for us?” he asked puzzled.
Sam shrugged nonchalantly. “Clive, I like you. You care for your people. I would like to help with more, but for now, I can only offer water.” 
Clive looked at his waiting truck for a moment, deep in thought. “Would you like to meet my wife and see our cave?”
Sam flashed a smile. “Sure.” 
He instructed Nick and the rest to wait there. Nick didn’t like it, but he did as Sam asked. Jerry took over the driving duties of the tanker, and they made their way up the road, past the burnt farmhouse. Sam looked around, wondering where the caves might be, but found no sign of them.
His eyes widened when they drove around the side of the rocks, and he saw the hidden, dug out entrance to the parking bay. They stepped out of the vehicles, and a slender woman with short blonde hair ran around the corner and flung her arms around Clive. She hugged him tight.
“I was so worried,” she said.
Without letting go she asked, “Did everything go okay? Did we get water?” 
Clive kissed the top of her head. “Yeah, we got a full tanker.” 
A sob escaped her lips. “Oh thank goodness, I wasn’t sure how much water they would trade for the cow.”
Only then did she notice the tall stranger that stood next to the pickup truck. She looked at her husband with a puzzled look on her face. 
“Honey, this is Sam, the leader of the group that gave us the water. Sam, this is my lovely wife, Fay,” Clive said.
Sam smiled at the woman with the dirty face and the ragged clothes. “Please to meet you, Fay.”
She let go of Clive, took three steps forward, and threw her arms around Sam. “Thank you so much for helping us.”
When she let go, Sam watched tears of gratitude trickle down her dusty cheeks.
Clive led them around a towering boulder, and then the gaping mouth of the cave greeted them. Sam was amazed. You could stand next to the rocks and not know there was a cave.
When he entered the dimly lit cave, the first thing that hit him was the stench. A lot of sweat covered bodies were squeezed into the confined space of the cavern. The inside of the cave was hot and humid, and with the smell, made it difficult for Sam to breath, but he kept his composure. He didn’t want to insult his host. Mattresses and sleeping bags were scattered throughout the cave. The murmur of voices came to a sudden stop when they realized there was a stranger in their presence.
Clive introduced Sam to the group, and then took him through the cave.
“It is not much, but it keeps us safe,” he said.
Sam stared at the people, and could hardly believe his eyes. In his wildest dreams he couldn’t imagine the poor conditions in which Clive’s people were forced to live. Where and how the people of White River lived, they were sheltered from the harsh realities of the outside world. By the time Clive dropped him off where Nick and the rest waited, Sam was still in shock, although he did well to hide it from Clive.
After they said their goodbyes, the convoy was on their way. Sam was quiet the entire trip back, unable to remove the dirty faces of the ragged cave people from his mind. They all had a beaten look in their eyes, like they waited for the inevitable end.
The fresh supply of water would only delay that end. When they approached the north end of town, Sam asked Nick to drop him off at the Command Centre, he had something to discuss with the Commander. Nick stared at Sam. He had a good idea what Sam wanted to discuss, and didn’t argue.
Frank listened to Sam’s report without emotion on his face.
“Frank, surely there must be a way we can help these people?” Sam asked, still haunted by the faces in the cave.
Frank shook his head. “Sam, our first responsibility is to our people. We can barely feed our own, and now you want to help strangers? You know as well as I do our scouts come home empty handed most of the time, so we have to make do with what we got. There’s simply not enough to share.” 
Sam knew it would be no use arguing with Frank. Without a word he left the office and got into Nick’s waiting truck.
Back on the farm, Sam sat on the couch and told Linda about Clive, Fay, and the people in the cave. She could see the hurt in his eyes.
“Surely there’s something we can do for them?” she asked.
Sam shook his head and told her what Frank said. She knew Frank was right, but she also knew Sam would not accept that. They could hardly feed everyone in town, and to add fifty extra hungry mouths, they would need extra food. Food they didn’t have. 
She sighed. “At least we can give them water.”
“Yes, but soon that won’t be enough,” he said, a bitter tone to his voice.
She stared at him for a moment. “You like them don’t you?”
Sam nodded. “Yes, it is hard not to. They are good people caught up in all this craziness. There are a lot of women and children in that group, young children who do not understand that the world has gone mad, and that there’s nothing for them to eat.” 
Sam had a look of helplessness on his face when he lay down on the couch. Linda curled up against his chest, put her arms around him, and in the quiet afternoon, she listened to the beat of his big heart, and shared his pain.

Chapter 18

Darkness slowly made way for the light of a new day. Sam sat on the porch, his eyes fixed on the water in the dam. The early morning breeze pushed ripples along the surface, and the small waves ran along the length of the dam until it crashed against the concrete wall.
Precious water, their lifeline, it enabled them to grow food, and kept them alive. Elsewhere, thousands died every day because they didn’t have it, and couldn’t get to it. People killed for it without any remorse for another’s life. Their only consideration was their own survival.
There were times when the fact that he remembered no past did not bother Sam. But there were times, like that particular morning, that he wished he remembered his past life.
Under different circumstance, would he have been a raider? Could he kill another without remorse for his own survival, or would he give his life to save others? He thought for a moment, and then shook his head. He might not remember his past, but he knew the person he was at that moment would not intentionally hurt an innocent life. No more than he could stand by and watch Clive and his family die.
There had to be something he could do. It was now light enough that he could see the silver rotors of the two wind pumps spinning, powered by the wind. The one on the left turned like it had purpose, while the other seemed like it did so against its will. There was no reason for it to turn.
In the back of Sam’s eyes a light started to flicker. An idea formed that could not only help Clive, but in the long run, could benefit the entire town. All he had to do was to find a way to give the second wind pump purpose.
Since George Kingsley moved to town, he had to do his share of duties, and on occasion, was out on the farm in the tunnels. Sam heard that he was some kind of engineer before he became a rancher, and that morning he needed to speak to George the engineer. 
With the change of guard he asked Bill Turner to ensure that George Kingsley was on the workers bus. When Linda stepped out onto the porch, she could see the light in Sam’s eyes. Something brewed in his mind, but he only smiled.
When the bus arrived, Sam wasted no time. The moment a rugged looking George stepped off the bus, Sam walked over. After a quick civil greeting, he asked George to follow him to the wind pumps. 
Sam pointed at the left wind pump. “George, this well is drilled to hundred and seventy meters, that one, to only fifty meters. Do you think if we drill that well to the same depth as this one, that it would reach the same water source?” 
George frowned and looked at both pumps, which stood only five meters apart.
He rubbed his chin, thinking it over. “It is possible. They’re close enough to each other. It depends on the width of the water source, but there’s only one way to know for sure.”
Sam nodded. George confirmed his own thoughts. “The main question is, if we do reach the water, is that source strong enough to sustain two wells?”
George pondered the question for a moment, making a few mental calculations, running his right hand over his hair. “I would say yes. This pump has been running nonstop. There has to be a strong source of water down there to sustain that.”
Sam smiled, looking happier by the minute. “Any idea where we can get our hands on a drill machine that can drill that deep?”
George thought for a moment. “I drilled for water before the team I hired abandoned ship and ran off. I never returned that drill, and it might still be on my ranch.”
Sam nodded and stopped Gus before he left for town to get the next bus load of people, the laundry crew for the day. He instructed the driver to inform Frank that he needed two extra squads on the farm to do a small supply run.
Sam half expected Frank to arrive on the farm and kick up a fuss because of his odd request, but was surprised to find Henry Moore, Danny Peterson, and their squads reporting for escort duty. By now, Frank was used to supply requests from the farm, and thought nothing of it.
Sam wasted no further time, and after a quick goodbye kiss from Linda, they set off for the abandoned ranch. 
As they drove up to the deserted building, George sighed with relief that the main house was still intact, albeit a little worse for wear. 
There were clear signs of raider activity, as most of the grandiose windows were smashed, the front door kicked off its hinges, and the magnificent chandelier that once hung in the foyer, lay smashed on the big porch.
George shook his head at the sight and directed them past the house, down a narrow tractor road, past the empty cow pens, to a small valley about a kilometer from the main house. The abandoned drill stood among the dead trees.
George’s face lit up at the sight. “There it is!”
On closer inspection, they found it was untouched. The battery was flat, but Henry used his truck and jumper cables to jump start it, and the big beast roared to life. Gus, who accompanied the search party, drove the rig. They made a pit stop by the house, and George led them to one of the big barns.
The massive doors stood open and George entered anxiously, but smiled when he saw it was still there.
“I bought pipes and rods with the hope of striking water. It is still all here,” George said, and pointed to the pile of equipment. 
“There are enough pipes to go down two hundred meters,” he said. 
Sam slapped George on the shoulder, because in all his planning, he forgot about what they would do if they found water in the other well. That pipes were just what they needed. George also pulled out a brand new pump, still in its container. Happy with their find, the party loaded the equipment and made their way back to the farm. 
With the rig, it was slow going, but they reached the farm just after noon. Sam realized that in order for them to use the rig, they had to pull the pipes from the well, and move the wind pump structure.
Unlike the previous time, Sam and Linda didn’t have to do it alone. Many eager hands helped, and by nightfall, it was done. They were ready to start drilling in the morning. That evening, when the help for the day left, Sam and Linda sat on the porch.
“Are you ready to tell me your plan?” Linda asked.
Sam gave her a hug. “If we can get the second well to pump water, we can build twice as many tunnels as we currently have, growing twice as much food.”
Linda smiled. “So not only will it benefit the town, but we can help Clive and his people.” 
Sam slapped has hand on his thigh. “Exactly!” 
Linda frowned. “Will there be enough water down there?” 
“George thinks so. He suspects that the well is situated atop a geological water pocket from an underground stream or lake, and if that’s the case, we’ll have plenty of water for years to come,” Sam answered. 
Linda looked happy with the news. She was even happier to see Sam smile again.
The next morning, much earlier than usual, the work crew arrived at the farm and they started on the drilling. Late afternoon, a cheer went up from the people, and Linda knew that they reached the water.
She ran to Sam, flung her arms around him, and kissed his beaming face. Word quickly spread around town about the well, and when the work crew arrived the following morning, so did Commander Hurley.
He inspected the work in silence, and then called Sam to the side. “I hear with the added water you plan to double the amount of tunnels?”
Sam nodded. “Yes, at least six more vegetable, and three more barley tunnels. In less than a month, the first barley crop will be ready to harvest. That will give as more than enough seed to plant all the tunnels.”
Frank stared at Sam with a blank look on his face. “I hope you’re not doing all this just to help your cave friends?”
Sam frowned and his eyes turned icy. “Not entirely, but as a matter of fact, I do plan to help them. The extra tunnels will make it possible.”
Frank saw the stern set of Sam’s jaw, and the stubborn look in his eyes. He had to be careful. “The town won’t allow them.”
Sam shook his head. “Yes they will, especially if you endorse it.”
Frank stared at Sam. A muscle twitched under his left eye. “And what if I don’t?”
Sam shrugged, his voice cold. “Then I bring them here. We can pitch tents for them in the clearing behind the guardhouse.”
Frank threw his hands in the air. “Sam, we talked about this already. The town’s people come first.” 
Sam shook his head, his voice filled with authority.
“Frank, you talked, and I listened. I didn’t agree to anything. Defending our town from raiders is one thing. They won’t hesitate to kill every last one of us, and I would defend against them with my life. But watching innocent people, including women and children, die if I knew I can help? I’m sorry, but I can’t live with that.” 
Frank’s eyes narrowed. “So what’s going to happen if half the country starts to flog here? Will you help them all?”
Sam shook his head. “I don’t know half the country, but I do know Clive. For now, I concentrate on the immediate threat, and will cross the other bridge if and when we get there. As long as we can keep the secret about our water from getting out, we should be safe. It has been a few months since we had any non-raiders stray near the town, and I doubt we’ll find any soon.”
Frank looked around. Their heated conversation had attracted an audience. Nick and Jake stood close by, and were quite interested in the conversation.
Frank stared at Nick for a moment. “What do you think?” 
Nick looked at Jake, who gave him a slight nod. “We’re with Sam on this one, and you’re wrong. It’s thanks to Sam and Linda that we’re all here, and up to now, they asked for nothing in return. If we say no to their request now, it would be plain wrong.” 
The Commander glared at Sam, who stood with a blank, innocent face.
Frank threw his arms in the air. “Fine, you can bring them to town, but they stay in the old housing section.”
Sam nodded. “Thanks. I’m sure they won’t mind. Even the old section is a major upgrade from that cave.”
The tension broke, and everyone relaxed and smiled. 
Frank turned to walk away, but Sam called after him. “Do you mind if I send Nick and Jake out to do supply hunting for the new tunnels?”
Frank shrugged and growled. “Yes, they can go, because even if I say no, you’ll probably do it anyway.” 
Sam smiled and shook his head. Linda stood by his side, looking pleased with the way things went.
“I’ll go to town in the morning and make sure everything is set up for the new arrivals,” she said. 
Sam smiled at her, and planted a kiss on the tip of her nose. “You’re an angel. Ask Doc Percy to be ready. I’m sure a lot of them, if not all, need medical attention.” 
Sam spent the rest of the day overseeing the erection of the wind pump, and discussed with Nick, Jake and Henry Carver, about what they needed for the new tunnels.
As soon as Sam returned with his guests, they would start their search. Sam smiled. He achieved an important milestone that day. Clive and his people didn’t know it yet, but their lives were about to get a whole lot better.

Chapter 19

The sun peeked over the horizon when Sam stepped onto the bus and took a lonely seat in the front row. The bus exited the farm and turned onto the main road heading north toward Clive’s cave. Gus made alternate transport arrangements for the daily farm workers, so the convoy consisted of the bus, a transport truck, and a three squad escort.
Linda went to town with the change of guard to ensure everything was in order for the new arrivals. Nick and Jake weren’t assigned escort duty, so they wasted no time and left with their squads to find the supplies Sam needed on the farm.
The newly re-erected wind structure pumped water with gusto, and the rotors turned with a new found purpose. The dual streams splashing into the dam were a source of great excitement, both on the farm, and in town. Frank misjudged the reaction the folks would have toward the new arrivals, and the extent of Sam and Linda’s influence in town. The entire town buzzed with excitement and anticipation. Linda had no shortage of help to ready the houses for Clive’s group.
The convoy made its way north without incident or any signs of life. Gus stopped the bus by the pile of rocks at the turnoff, and Sam leaned through an open window.
“Hey Red, you up there?” he called.
The red head popped over the edge, staring curiously at the yellow bus, and then the booming voice followed. “Sam, what’re you doing out here?” Red was surprised and casted a worried glance at the armed escort. 
Sam slapped the side of the bus. “I came to take you all to your new home.” 
Red’s eyes narrowed with confusion. Did Clive have information that he forgot to share? “Ok, but don’t forget to stop and pick me up on the way back.”
Sam laughed. “Don’t worry, I won’t.”
He instructed Gus to pull the bus near the entrance to the cave. A worried looking Clive peered from between the rocks. Sam stepped out of the vehicle, holding his arms in the air.
“I come in peace, so please don’t shoot,” he said.
Clive stood up from behind the rocks when he recognized the voice. “Sam, what are you doing here? You scared me half to death!”
Sam chuckled. “Clive, I have a proposition for you.” 
The young cave leader stepped from the shadows of the rocks and shook Sam’s outstretched hand.
“Ok, let’s hear it,” he said.
Sam stared at Clive, his ragged dirty clothes, and the smear across his left cheek. It didn’t play out quite like it did in his head. For a moment he hesitated, and wondered if Clive will be offended by the offer, but he decided to push through.
“I promised you I’ll find a way to help you and your people, therefore, I would like to offer you residence in White River. You’ll enjoy the protection of our security force, and will be safe within the confines of our town. There are other benefits too, but I can only share that if you accept my proposal.” 
Clive stared at Sam for a moment, disbelief on his face. “Are you serious?”
Sam waved to the bus. “I didn’t drive all the way out here for nothing.”
For a moment Clive was dumbstruck, and then he realized Sam waited for an answer. “Eh, do you mind if I discuss it with Fay and the rest of our group?” 
Sam smiled and watched Clive disappear around the rocks and into the cave.
He waited patiently for the result of the meeting inside the cave, which took longer than he expected. His feet shuffled uncomfortably and he started to doubt his approach. He kicked at a small rock lying by his feet. The pebble flew through the air and ricochet of the side of the huge boulder guarding the entrance to the cave. 
The next moment, Fay ran out of the cave toward Sam, and he took a cautious step backward. Before he had any more time to react, she leapt through the air and into his arms. Her momentum almost knocked him from his feet. He gave a nervous laugh as the slender woman held him tight in her arms.
“Thank you. Thank you so much. You’re saving our lives!” she cried.
He waited till she let him go, and watched tears rolling down her lovely face that was covered by a layer of dust. He promised them more water, but they still used water conservatively. 
Sam’s face broke into a friendly smile. “I take it that’s a yes?” 
She nodded her head feverishly. “Yes, definitely yes, and we’ll do whatever it is you want us to do.” 
Sam shook his head. “Fay, as long as it doesn’t threaten the security of our town, you can do almost anything you want.”
Clive emerged from the cave, still shaking his head. “I feel like I’m dreaming. A few hours ago we wanted to make plans to leave the caves and head north, because we only had a few days’ worth of food left, and now …” Clive was too choked with emotion to get out the rest of the words.
Sam smiled. “And now you don’t have to worry about it anymore. Time’s a wasting, so let’s get you loaded and get out of here.”
Less than an hour later, with all their possessions loaded on the transport truck, they all sat on the bus, their faces a mixture of anxiety and excitement. Jerry drove the water tanker, and another guy the pickup truck. Clive and Fay preferred to ride in the bus with Sam and the rest of the cave people. 
As the convoy approached the pile of rocks, Red waited in the middle of the road with his water bottle in hand and blanket under his arm. He made sure they didn’t forget about him. He boarded the bus with a huge grin on his big face.
“So where are we headed?” he asked.
Fay laughed at him. “To our new home!”
On the ride back, Sam told everyone about the farm, their source of water, and the food tunnels. Their mouths dropped, and when he announced that their first stop will be at the farm so they all could get cleaned before they continued to the town, a small cheer rose from the crowd. 
When they arrived on the farm, Linda waited for them. She anticipated Sam would bring them there and wanted to be present to welcome them. Sam introduced Fay and Clive to Linda, and they both gave her a hug. Linda took an immediate liking to Fay, who was around the same age as her.
Sam and Linda smiled wide at the amazement on their faces when they showed them the dam and the food tunnels. 
“Ah, the cow. Wow, look at her, she looks so much happier!” Fay said, excited when she spotted the cow in her pen between the tunnels and the house, merrily munching on a mouthful of barley grass. 
“I named her Daisy. I always wanted a cow named Daisy,” Linda said.
Sam rolled his eyes and shook his head, which caused Linda to playfully smack him on the shoulder. Fay laughed, and Clive swallowed at the lump in his throat, happy to hear his wife’s laugh. For a while he thought he would never hear that sound again.
Once everyone drank their fill of water, and had a quick shower, they piled back into the bus for the short trip into town. The entire community, minus the squads on duty, assembled to welcome the cave people. Mayor Ryan dressed up for the occasion in his best gray suit, and gave a short welcome speech. Once the applause for the mayor died down, he introduced the newcomers to Commander Frank Hurley.
Unlike the mayor, Frank looked all serious and was all business. He ran them through the security arrangements, before the mayor finished off by explaining the water and food arrangements. Once done, Sam and Linda led the group to their new housing. The old part of town, so called because it was the area where the first people in White River settled, stood empty. Everyone in town moved to the newer, more modern area to make security easier.
The new arrivals didn’t mind that the houses in the old block were not fitted with solar panels. Even the provided gas lights were an improvement to the caves, where they didn’t dare using gas in the heated confines of the cave. Linda led Clive and Fay to a neat little two bedroom house she picked especially for them. 
Happy tears flowed down Fay’s cheeks when they stepped into the house. Once everyone was assigned a place to stay, Linda directed them toward the hospital and ordered everyone to form a line. Doc Percy wanted to examine them all to determine the status of their health. Fay, who used to be a nurse, volunteered to help. The usual grumpy looking doctor smiled and readily accepted her offer.
When the sun set, Sam and Linda were back on the farm and they sat on the porch looking happily out over their place. 
“Are you happy now?” she asked.
He nodded. “Yes, I’ll sleep much easier tonight knowing they’ll go to bed tonight, clean, safe, and have a little something in their bellies.” 
She reached for him, pulled him closer, and kissed him passionately. His heart raced when he pulled away from her. He looked into her emerald eyes, and saw the hunger. It was a reflection of what he felt. That night they didn’t deny or stop their feelings, and gave in to their urges. For the first time, they shared a bed for something other than sleeping.  
With the change of guard the following morning, Sam received the message that the Commander wanted to see him. He left for town with the returning guard. Sam expected to get more flack about Clive and his people, but when he walked into the Commander’s office, he found him in front of a huge map that hung on the far wall. Frank motioned Sam closer when he entered, still staring at the map. 
“What’s up Frank?” he asked, and watched the Commander carefully, unsure what to expect.
Frank threw a sideways glance at Sam. “Nick and Jake are still out gathering materials for the new tunnels. While the extra tunnels will be helpful in the near future, it will still be a while before we reap the benefits from them. We need to look at something more immediate to supplement our food reserves. Up to now, we have concentrated on the major centers and large towns and cities. Edward and Nathan returned late last night from another scouting trip further to the north. They confirmed there isn’t as much as a biscuit to be found anywhere.” 
He paused for a moment then added, “Maybe we should try a few of the smaller towns more to the south. Because of their remote location, they sometimes stocked warehouses with supplies. Maybe when they vacated these towns, they left some food or other useful items behind.”
Frank tapped the map to the south-west. “Maybe one of these, what do you think?”
Sam looked at where Frank pointed, but it might as well have been a town in a foreign country. “What am I looking at, Frank?” 
The Commander frowned and looked at him with a question mark on his face, before he shook his head. “Sorry Sam, sometimes I forget you don’t know the area. Down there in Louisiana there are small towns we could try. Like this one, Sarepta.” 
He paused a moment then looked directly into Sam’s brilliant blue eyes. “I want you to lead two squads down there to see what’s going on.”
Sam frowned. “Why me? Edward and Nathan are more than capable scouts and have proved that on more than one occasion.”
Frank nodded. “Yes, they are, but they don’t have your diplomatic ability. If we run across small hidden groups, you’re much better equipped to deal with them. Just look at what you achieved with Clive’s bunch. Edward and Nathan are good people and can handle themselves in a tight spot. But strangers would rather shoot them than talk to them. You on the other hand, people seem to naturally trust you. That makes you the logical choice to lead an expedition of this nature.” 
Sam thought it over for a moment then nodded. “Ok, I’ll make the arrangements, and we’ll leave as soon as we’re ready.”
Linda was not happy to hear the news, but she saw the necessity of the trip, and reluctantly agreed to let him go. 
“You two better make sure he comes home or I’ll string your hides from the nearest tree,” she instructed the Sharp brothers, who shook their heads in agreement. 
They filled their water containers, extra water bottles, and mounted the pickup trucks. Linda watched as they left the farm, not liking the idea that Sam would be away for a few days. Ever since his release from jail after his arrest, they had been together. She drew strength from his presence. Linda sighed and prayed that he would return safely, before her strength ran out.

Chapter 20

Sam, like all the others going out on scout missions, felt uneasy when they left the security of the town or the farm. In the vast openness they felt exposed and vulnerable. The dusty and deserted road snaked into the unknown. With no traffic, a layer of sand formed on the tar surface. As the tires of their trucks moved over the dirt, it kicked up a huge rooster tail of dust. The ever present wind quickly dispersed the sand cloud, but it could be seen from far away. They tried to drive at a slower pace, as it cut down on the amount of dust, but it made for a longer trip. 
They passed a few small towns along the way, which were abandoned, and most of the buildings were burnt to the ground. Papers, empty bags, broken glass, and smashed furniture littered the streets. A few vehicles, or what was left of them, stood scattered along the street, set alight by the raiders. They burnt and destroyed everything, just for the hell of it. 
The convoy negotiated the rubble with eyes wide open, scanning for any sign of a possible ambush, but everything was quiet and forsaken. They stopped and searched a few towns for anything they could possibly use, but left empty handed. Slowly they made their way south. From the amount of dust on the road, they knew nobody passed that way for quite some time.
They crossed the state line just north of Springhill and continued south. Cullen was the first small town they encountered that remained intact. No looting, smashing, burning or destroying happened there. The scene was surreal, the town untouched, but deserted. An eerie silence engulfed them and quite a few people had Goosebumps. 
They split into smaller groups and took some time searching for anything of worth, but came up empty. The residents took everything with them when they vacated the town, and from the signs, it’s been a while. They found a locked up shop with a lot of clothing, which could be useful in the future. Sam made a mental note to stop and pick it up on the way back.
Late in the afternoon, they drove into another town, and saw the sign, “Welcome to Sarepta,” and underneath, “The home of Trace Adkins.” 
Sam stared at the weathered sign. “I wonder who this Trace Adkins is or was.” 
A look of shock and disbelief crossed Nathan’s face. “Seriously? You don’t know Trace Adkins?” 
Sam shook his head and tapped his temple with his right index finger. “I don’t even remember who I am.”
Nathan shook his head in embarrassment. “Oh yeah, geez sorry, Sam, I forgot.” 
They led the convoy into town, barely driving at walking speed. Their eyes awake, searching. 
“So who is he?”  Sam asked.
Nathan flashed a smile. “He’s a great country singer, one of my favorites.” 
Sam looked confused for a moment, before his eyes lit up. “Oh, you’re talking music?”
Nathan frowned. He tried to determine if Sam was serious, or if he made fun of him. Sam’s face was edged with innocence, his eyes intent, scanning the buildings next to the road. They pulled into a parking area and got out, stretching their stiff legs.
Once again, Sam divided them into smaller groups. In addition to searching for food, they had to find a suitable place to spend the night. After searching for almost two hours without reward, Sam called them together. Before sundown they hid the vehicles and settled in an old house for the night. 
“Why don’t we stay in the old convenience store, it is much more secure,” Edward asked.
“If anybody stumbles into town, that would be the first place they look,” Sam replied.
Guard duties were assigned, and everybody settled in for a restless night.
Before the sun cast its first rays onto the town, Sam divided everybody into groups again to do a final sweep of the town. Two hours later they gathered again in the parking lot, and apart from a small supply of general medicine and individual items, they found nothing. Everyone looked a bit downtrodden, waiting for the last group to join.
Ten minutes later a very excited Edward screeched his truck to a halt. “Sam, you’re not going to believe what we’ve found. There’s a locked warehouse at the other side of town!”
Sam frowned. “Is there anything in it?”
Edward shook his head. “I don’t know, we can’t see inside, but it looks promising.” 
They all hurried to their vehicles and followed Edward to the site. 
Two big, plain square buildings were guarded by heavy steel doors. The structure had no windows to see inside, but the sight of the doors excited the crew. For more than an hour they executed one unsuccessful plan after another, but the entrance remained shut. Sam and Nathan decided to search for something else to get the doors open, and left. One of Edward’s squad had the bright idea to yank the doors open with his pickup truck. 
He tied a chain to the door handles, and fixed the end to the back bumper of his truck. He first tried brute strength but when that didn’t work, he decided that momentum was needed. When Sam and Nathan returned to the unscathed doors, they looked in amazement at the truck bumper that was no longer attached to the truck, but tied to the doors. They burst into laughter until tears streamed from their faces.
Sam and Nathan searched the houses on the outskirts of town and found a cutting torch and bottles. It took the crew another two hours to cut the hinges to the big heavy doors, before the truck without the bumper, pulled the heavy doors out of the way. 
Sam entered the warehouse and cold shivers of excitement ran down his spine when he saw the pallets of goods lining the east wall. Canned soup, boxes of cereal, other canned foods, boxes of dried pasta and rice were all neatly stacked. Towards the end of the line, Sam came across two pallets loaded with boxes of coffee. His smile almost went around his face, amazed at the find. Linda would be extremely happy.
They brought a delivery truck, but there was too much loot to fit into just the one truck. Another truck was parked at the far side of the warehouse, but it was locked. When they searched the little office in the back corner, they not only found the keys to the truck, but also most of the keys for the rest of the compound. The truck was already half loaded with flour, rice and pasta. Gus jumped into the cab and attempted to start the truck, but it took a few turns before the engine powered to life. 
A big ball of black smoke puffed from the exhaust pipe. Everyone that stood close coughed and ran outside, gasping for air. 
“The truck has almost a full tank of fuel and should reach White River with no problem,” Gus reported.
While the rest of the crew loaded the trucks, Sam and Nathan opened the other building, but were disappointed. It was almost completely empty. There were a few pallets with biscuits and bags of flour. Under the circumstances, still a good find. They managed to load all the goods in the two trucks, and was about to leave, when Edward informed them he found a fuel pad behind the buildings. On investigation, they found that the underground tanks contained a lot of fuel.
“We have no way to transport the fuel. When we get back, you and Gus can grab the fuel tanker and come back for it,” Sam said to Edward. 
Half an hour later, they turned north onto the road heading back to White River. They didn’t need to stop along the way and made good time. It was late in the afternoon when the convoy pulled into White River. As far as they went, onlookers cheered, welcoming them back. The last few months it became an unofficial tradition. When a scout party returned, they were cheered and welcomed. Every time someone left the town, they knew there was a chance they might not return. 
Sam reported to Frank, who looked pleased that his plan produced results. Sam grabbed two boxes of the coffee from the back of the delivery truck and loaded them onto Chester’s pickup. Everyone watching knew that the coffee was for Linda, and even though Frank frowned at the special treatment, nobody objected.
Chester smiled when the escort drove out of town. “She’s going to be very happy.”
For months the scouting parties kept their eyes open for coffee, but were unable to find any.
Linda rushed out of the house when they pulled into the yard on the farm. Sam barely had time to exit the pickup before Linda flew into his arms and held him tight. 
After a moment of greeting, he smiled at her. “I have a surprise for you.”
She frowned before a smile lit up her face. “I love surprises.” 
She watched as he picked the two plain, brown cardboard boxes from the back of the pickup, and waited till Chester and his crew left on their way back to town.
“So, what is it?” she asked. 
A naughty smile played on his lips. “Come inside, and I’ll show you.”
Sam placed the two boxes on the kitchen table. “Go ahead, open your present.”
She stared at him expectantly then carefully opened the top box. The hint of grounded coffee beans hit her nose when she opened the lid. Her eyes almost popped out of their sockets when she saw the coffee packed in the sealed foil packets. She grabbed one from the box, sniffed the packet, and then held it to her chin like a baby.
“Oh, I have missed you so!” she crooned.
Sam smiled at the delight on Linda’s face, and her joy caused a warm glow all over.
The next morning, the room was still covered in darkness when Sam woke up. His hand searched the space on the bed next to him, and he realized she was not there. Before he could get worried, the pleasing aroma of the freshly brewed coffee drifted into the room and filled his nostrils. 
Sam smiled in the dark. It was a miracle they fell asleep the previous night after they each had three cups. It was amazing how human nature could adapt. Even in the misery of their situation, they found small things that made them happy, and even in all the craziness, he found love. Sam smiled and joined Linda in the kitchen.
Nick, Jake, and their convoy arrived on the farm with the materials needed to build the new tunnels, just as the bus filled with workers for the day pulled in. Sam shook his head in wonder. He didn’t know where they got it all, or how they did it, but Nick and Jake proved to be miracle workers. If they needed a bulldozer, given a few days, they would find it. The foundations were already prepared for the new tunnels, so once the materials were offloaded, construction started.
Later, Amanda Reed arrived with the water run, and was amazed at the sea of activity on the farm that day. She was the town veterinarian, but there were not many animals left that demanded her care. That meant that Daisy the cow, and Caesar the Labrador, received excellent care. The geese wouldn’t allow her anywhere near them, so she only observed from a distance, although when she was with Linda, the distance was quite close.
She examined Daisy, which looked much happier and healthier than when she first arrived on the farm. A few days earlier, they had their first barley harvest, so there was plenty of straw to eat. 
“It’s a pity she doesn’t give milk. Some fresh milk would be really welcome,” Linda remarked when Amanda was done with her examination. 
Amanda shook her head. “She has to be pregnant to produce milk, and as far as I can tell, she never carried.” 
A frown formed on her forehead. “She’s still young, but old enough to bear. I wonder ….” She thought for a moment, and Linda could see her mind racing.
“What is it?” she asked.
Amanda shook her head. “I need to check it, but I had frozen sperm that George Kingsley ordered when he bred his cows. I moved it to Andy’s fridge along with all the other medicine when we started to have problems with the electricity. If it’s still good, we can impregnate her.” 
Linda was very excited by the idea, and told Sam about their plan. Sam wasted no time and arranged an escort for the women to go to town. Amanda found the sperm still frozen in Andy’s fridge, which ran on gas and solar power. 
“I gave Daisy hormone and vitamin injections as part of her recovery treatment, so she should be ready to go,” Amanda said.
She prepared the sperm straw, and when they returned to the farm, she inserted it into Daisy’s vagina. 
“That’s it,” she announced to the curious crowd, and removed the long glove she wore for the procedure. 
“When will we know?” Linda asked.
Amanda smiled. “In about forty days, we’ll know for sure.” 
A curious Sam watched the procedure. “How long before she has a baby?” 
Amanda clipped her box after she stored the last of her equipment. “For a cow it’s the same pregnancy period as a human. If the procedure was successful, she’ll calf in nine months.”

Chapter 21

In the weeks that followed, they completed work on the new tunnels. The soil was ploughed and planted. The water wells provided a strong source of water, to such an extent that they had to apply the brakes on the wind pumps from time to time as not to waste water by overfilling the dam. That also raised the possibility of extra tunnels if needed.
Daisy looked healthier by the day, and everyone waited with bated breath for the time when Amanda would examine the cow, and confirm whether she was pregnant or not. Frank was on the farm for a visit, curious to see the new tunnels.
Janine got assigned farm duty more than any other squad leader, and everyone knew it was on Sam’s request. That allowed Linda to see her sister, but no one complained. While Linda and Janine chatted in the kitchen, Sam showed Frank around on the farm. Frank was impressed with the work that was done, and the progress made since his last visit. 
As they approached the edge of the dam, Sam stared at Frank. “Something tells me this is more than a casual visit. You look like a man with something on his mind.”
Frank gave a wry smile. “You’re very observant.”
He leaned with his elbows on the edge of the dam and sighed. “I had a visit from Doc Percy yesterday. The hospital is running low on crucial medicines. When Clive’s group arrived, they were in a poor state, and he used a lot to nurse them back to health.” 
Sam opened his mouth to protest, but before he said a word, Frank held up a hand. “I don’t blame them. I’m just stating a fact. Unfortunately Nick and Jake are unable to find the antibiotics and specialized medicines the hospital requires. According to Doc, he knows of a place where we can find some.”
Frank fell quiet and Sam could sense his unease.
“I take it there’s a catch in getting the medicines?” Sam asked.
Frank sighed and nodded. “There’s a reason all our scouting trips avoid the big cities. They are extremely dangerous. From the reports I receive, all ordinary citizens in the cities have either fled, or were killed. The streets are roamed by raiders, and from what we can gather, even the raiders fight amongst them for what little resources is left.”
Frank paused a moment, then looked Sam in the eye. “But that is where the medicine is.” 
Sam stared at Frank. “With all the raiders roaming around the cities, what makes you think there’s still medicine there?”
“Doc Percy told me of a building at the University of Medical Sciences in Little Rock. There’s a medicine vault that’s very secure and well hidden. It runs off both electricity and solar power so should still be operational. It was designed to run for years without electricity from the grid. Unless someone opened it for the raiders, the vault should still be safe and well stocked.” 
Sam frowned. “If it is that secure, how are we supposed to get in there?” 
“Doc used to work there and knows his way around the place. He says he can get someone in,” Frank said.
Sam thought it over for a moment. “Who do you plan to send?”
Frank sighed and sounded tired. “I’m hoping you would lead the mission.”
Sam raised an eyebrow. “Why me?” 
Frank shrugged. “You’re a leader, and the likes of Nick and Jake will follow you anywhere. I trust you to get them all back safely.” 
Sam stared across the dam, and watched as one of the geese dove down after something. “Ok, I’ll do it.”
Frank breathed easier. That went a lot smoother than he thought it would. 
Sam gave a wry smile. “Now for the hardest part of the mission, I have to tell Linda.”
When Sam entered the kitchen, Janine saw he had something on his mind. “I’m going to check if Frank is ready to leave.”
Linda noticed the look on Sam’s face. “What does he want now?”
Sam told her about Frank’s plan. 
“Absolutely not!” Linda exploded.
She stood with her hands on her hips. “He can get someone else to do it, you are more valuable here.”
Sam expected resistance from her, but not a full blown outburst. She was close to tears, and he pulled her into his arms.
“Frank trusts me to lead a group into the city, get the stuff, and get out without anybody getting killed. Because of the danger, we can only send a small group,” he said.
Tears ran down her cheeks. “But why does it have to be you? Does he think you’re expendable?”
Sam shook his head and held her to his chest. “No, he thinks I’m the best man for the job. I can keep a cool head under pressure and have the best chance in leading a group in and out unnoticed.” 
Linda knew he was right, and if she had to be honest with herself, she would have picked him for the job too, but she couldn’t stand the thought of him being in such danger. 
Her resistance melted, and Sam said, “Unfortunately there are people in town who desperately need that medicine, and could die without it. At least seven people need insulin, and then there’s asthma medicine, and antibiotics.”
Sam cracked a smile. “Not even to mention the women who need estrogen.”
 Linda snorted. “Yes, that’s the last thing we need in town, a bunch of hormonal women who don’t have their happy pills.” 
Sam laughed. “Yes, we don’t want that.”
She lifted her head and stared into his deep crystal blue eyes. “Sam, please be careful, and promise me you’ll come back to me. Please don’t leave me all alone on this godforsaken dry earth.” 
Her voice pleaded and emotion performed a play on her face. With his thumb, he gently wiped away her tears.
“Of course I will. It’s going to take more than a few raiders to keep me away from you.” 
With a shy smile she stood on her toes and kissed him long and passionately. When Sam left the house to join Frank, his heart raced. He had to concentrate to ensure his knees didn’t knock together. He glanced over to where Janine stood by her truck, and felt better knowing that she would comfort her sister while he was away. 
Once they reached town, Frank called a meeting. Most of the squad leaders attended, and Doc Percy sat in the corner, watching as the people piled into Frank’s office. Once everyone took their seats and settled down, Frank informed them of their plan. Nobody batted an eyelid to the information that Sam would lead the raid. 
Sam stepped forward. “Due to the fact that we need to get in and out unnoticed, I’m only taking a small group to minimize detection. I would like to take Nick, Jake, Edward and Nathan on this expedition. You all know it’s going to be dangerous, and if you decline, I would understand and promise not to hold it against you.”
Jake snorted. “I don’t know why you want to take Nick. He’s about as sneaky as a drunk elephant.” 
Nick grunted in reply, but had a big grin on his face. “I’ll be there to pick your lame ass from the ground when you fall over your own feet.” 
Sam shook his head, and wondered if those two could take anything serious. They clown around a lot, but when the chips were down, they were reliable and dependable. Sam was unaware that Jake’s wife Juliet was one of the people who needed insulin, and if Jake went, Nick would be by his side. 
Edward and Nathan looked at each other and nodded.
“We’re in,” Nathan said.
 Sam clapped his hands together. “Great, we need to do some planning with Doc and then we’ll be on our way.”
Clive stood up from where he sat in the corner. “Excuse me, Sam. I know you said you want to take a small group, but I have someone who might tip the odds in your favor.”
“You do?” Sam asked.
Clive nodded, visibly uncomfortable with all eyes in the room on him. “Ray’s been working for my uncle since he was a young boy. I trust him completely. He moves like a ghost, and can track just about anything.” 
Sam thought it over for a moment, and then nodded. “Okay, great. Send him right over.” 
The rest of the people were dismissed with instruction to the crews that will escort them to get ready. Sam, Doc and the others gathered around the table where Frank spread out a map of Little Rock.
Doc indicated where the medical building was located, and Sam whistled. “You weren’t kidding Doc, that’s smack in the center of the city.”
Doc Percy crinkled his eyes. “Well, I can’t make it too easy. What fun would that be?” 
Sam rolled his eyes and stared at the map. “It’s going to take some doing just to get there.” 
Nick agreed. “Used to be about a two hour drive, but nowadays will take at least half a day, if not more.” 
Jake tapped the map and pointed at Pine Bluff. “Better avoid this city. Last time we scouted near the area, there were still some raiders around. I’m not sure if they sucked it dry yet and moved on.”
Sam nodded his head in agreement. “Good idea. We better stick to the back roads and avoid any towns along the way. Your squads can ride escort till we near Little Rock, but then we have to leave them behind and go in on foot. Having the escort might discourage an attack on us on the way there, and on the way back, we’ll be carrying precious cargo.” 
Sam looked up and took half a step back in surprise, which caused everyone else to jump. Standing behind Nick, was a tall, thin man. Nobody heard him enter, and if it weren’t for his dark skin, they might have thought him to be a ghost. 
He flashed a smile at Sam’s reaction, and said in a deep radio voice, “Hi, I’m Ray.”
Doc grabbed his chest. “Young man, you almost gave me a heart attack!” 
Nick and Jake glared at Ray, but he peered over their shoulders at the map.
“I hear we’re going to Little Rock?” he asked innocently.
If Sam had any misgiving about Clive’s suggestion, it was laid to rest. He filled Ray in on what they planned to do, giving the rest a chance to recover from their shock.
Once done, Sam asked everyone present, “Any idea of what would be the best way in?” 
Edward pointed to the river on the map. “I presume this is all dried up now. What if we come up along the river bed?” 
Sam shook his head. “No, it would be too open and easy to spot us, even in the dark.”
For the next hour they examined several possibilities and mulled over obstacles from all different directions. Eventually they reached a consensus.
“Okay, if we assume the raiders stay more toward the heavily built areas with shopping centers and such, we might make it safely to this area to the south of the city, where we can leave the trucks. That would still leave us with a hike of about ten kilometers to the medicine,” Sam said.
Nick and Jake looked at each other and Nick said, “Actually, that’s not bad. We expected to walk a lot further.” 
Sam realized that his planning just received a compliment. He nodded and tapped another point on the map. “Half the escort can stay with the trucks, and we can leave the other half here. That’s only about five kilometers back. If things fall apart, they can come to our aid in a hurry, or help our escape. Of course, the main objective is to go in, get the stuff, and get out without the raiders even knowing.” 
Edward groaned. “With my luck, that’s unlikely to happen.”
They made the final arrangements and agreed to meet before sunrise at the northern barricade. Back on the farm, Linda was very quiet, but she clung to Sam the entire night. They talked about little things on the farm, the geese, Daisy, the tunnels, but avoided the topic of the raid. 
Linda knew it was dangerous, but she refused to believe that Sam would not return to her. When they went to bed, Linda snuggled in the crook of his left arm. Sam heard the drumming of his own heartbeat, and stared into the darkness. The expedition made him nervous, and he felt the butterflies fluttering in his stomach. He knew he had to keep strong. A lot of people depended on him to lead them safely. They placed their trust and lives in his hands. With a last soft sigh, he drifted off to sleep.

Chapter 22

When the sun cast its first rays over the horizon, the convoy was well on its way to Little Rock. Two motorcycle riders scouted ahead, but there was nothing to see. The scenery remained desolate with only the occasional dust devil that caused a stir and excitement. If the convoy saw dust in the distance, they stopped, hid, and surveyed, until they were sure there was no threat. It wasted a lot of time, but as Sam explained, it might save lives, and to him, lives were more important than time.
Nick brought the pickup to a halt when they spotted the high rises of Little Rock in the distance. They reached their first checkpoint. Sam had a quick word with Chester and his half of the escort who would be waiting there for their return. The rest of the convoy continued. They slowed their speed until the tires of the trucks hardly disturbed the dust and sand on the road. When they reached their next checkpoint, it was as close to the city as they dared. They pulled off the road and hid the vehicles behind a clump of rocks, out of sight. Then they waited for nightfall.
Once it was dark enough, they gathered their backpacks, which contained water, food, flashlights, and other necessary items. They left Carl and the rest of the escort behind, and set off into the night, resuming their journey on foot. It was a much tougher prospect than they figured. Darkness covered all signs of the road, and they had to proceed with care. The twinkling stars overhead didn’t offer enough light for them to see where they were headed, and they moved forward by feel rather than sight. 
On foot they felt more comfortable. The humming of the engines drowned out all noise. Now they had an extra sense to warn them of danger, because their eyes weren’t of much use in the dark. Ray walked point, sure of his step, like he knew exactly where he wanted to go. He led them around boulders and trees, which they probably would have walked into on their own. Ray came to a dead stop and tilted his head, listening intently. 
“There are vehicles headed this way,” he said in a whisper, but loud enough that everyone heard him. 
They all stopped and listened hard, but they only heard the thumping of their own hearts. 
“Are you sure?” Nick asked.
He tilted his head from side to side. “I hear nothing.” 
Even in the dark Sam could see the flash of white from Ray’s teeth. “Just because you don’t hear them don’t mean they aren’t coming. At least two vehicles approaching from behind and they’re coming quick!” 
They all swung around and saw the feint glow of head lamps in the distance. Sam looked around to try and identify any form of shelter but all he saw was darkness.
“Let’s get behind those trees,” Ray whispered
Nick snorted. “What trees? I can’t see a damn thing.” 
Ray chuckled again. “Grab hold of each other, and follow me.”
Sam grabbed hold of Edward’s shoulder in front of him, and felt Jake grab his. Ray led them in a line and they shuffled along to two huge fallen trees, about twenty meters from the road. It provided adequate cover. 
“Ray, you must have eyes like a cat,” Jake said. 
Nick snorted. “Yeah, or built in night vision.” 
Whatever it was, they were all glad that Ray came along.
 Sam peeked around the tree. The lights were now much closer. The powerful roar of the approaching engines filled their ears. 
“Pickup trucks,” Nathan ventured a guess.
“Yes, three of them,” Ray agreed.
As the vehicles got closer, their heart rate increased, and they gripped their rifles tighter, praying their tracks were not visible to the riders. Sam could sense the tension in the air from the others when the vehicles thundered past the spot in the road where they stopped earlier. They lifted their rifles to their shoulders, ready to start shooting when the riders hit the brakes.
The trucks carried on, oblivious to the hidden figures behind the trees that tried to melt themselves into the ground. Sam breathed a sigh of relief. They watched the red tail lights as the vehicles headed toward the city.
“Must be raiders, no citizen would be stupid enough to drive around at night with blaring headlights.” Nick said, echoing everyone’s thoughts. 
They waited until the sound of the engines faded away in the distance before Ray led them back to the road. They continued their journey, a little bit more comfortable. With Ray around, nobody would sneak up on them. 
When they reached the outskirts of the city, everyone was alert and ready, but the only sound they heard were their own light foot falls, and the crunch of sand beneath the soles of their boots on the dusty asphalt road. The wind would ensure that their tracks were covered by morning.
It was around midnight when they reached the big wooded area they had to cross, just south of city center. Sam realized they could make out the trees against the darkness. He looked over to his right and saw the moon rise lazily over the horizon. The half-moon cast an eerie light through the dead trees. 
“Man, this looks creepy,” Jake said with shivers running down his spine. 
As the moon climbed higher into the night sky, it got easier for them to navigate through the trees. That was once a forest that teamed with life, but only the towering skeletons of trees remained. In its glory days, wildlife roamed the forest, but at least running into some wild creature was one less worry they had.
Once out of the woods, they crossed a double set of train tracks and walked past a structure that appeared to be a power substation. The power lines that used to hum, carrying electricity to the surrounding areas, hung quiet and still in the ghostly glow of the moonlight.
The group walked forward, secure in the knowledge that eagle-eye Ray would spot any sign of trouble before they were noticed. Walking at a brisk pace, they filed past a Sheriff’s office and a small hospital. The buildings were trashed. The glass panels from windows were smashed, broken furniture thrown outside, and papers were scattered all over the place, blowing around in the wind.
Ray earned their trust, and they followed him in silence. He walked with purpose, and seemed confident in where he wanted to go. They cut across housing lots, and occasionally were hit by the foul smell of a building burnt to ashes. Every house they passed showed signs of plundering. Doors were knocked from their hinges, and what were once people’s precious possessions, lay strewn all over the yard. 
They continued until they reached a freeway. Hunched at the edge of the road, staring up and down the dark streets for signs of life, but saw none. 
Sam looked at Ray. “What do you think? Is it safe to cross?” 
Ray scanned all sides of the four lane road. “Yes, as far as I can tell, there’s not a soul in sight.”
That was good enough for Sam. He gave the signal, and Ray led the group across. The fall of their boots sounded heavy in their own ears. The sound amplified against the complete stillness of the night, even the wind calmed a little. 
“There it is.” Ray pointed forward. 
Sam crouched down and saw the veteran’s hospital, just as Doc said. He signaled, and the group moved forward. Crossing the street, the moon seemed exceptionally bright. To the east, between the outline of buildings, the red glow of the approaching day was visible. 
“It’s almost daylight. We better find that building fast and get out of sight,” Sam said.
They moved through the clump of buildings and found the solid concrete and brick building Doc described. At the main entrance, a solid steel door blocked the way. The door was designed to withstand a nuclear blast, and no raider would force it open. 
They ran around the corner to the side of the building, and came face to face with a brick wall in a dead end. Sam fished the piece of paper from his pocket that contained Doc’s instructions. According to the crude drawing, from the bottom of the sealed window, three bricks to the right should be a hidden panel. All Sam saw was more bricks. Using the knuckle of his middle finger, he knocked on the bricks until he found one that made a hollow, metallic sound. 
He glanced at the instruction on the paper and pushed on it three times in quick succession. On the third tap, the metallic brick moved ever so slightly. Sam held his breath. If that didn’t work, it meant there was no power left to the building, and there was no other way in.
The brick flipped up to reveal an access pad, and a faint glow illuminated the small keys containing numbers from one to nine. The bottom row had a zero in the middle, flanked by an asterisk and a hash symbol. Sam double checked the instructions and punched in the five digit code followed by the hash sign.
The loud click sounded like a shot, and they looked around nervously. The metallic brick slid back into its original position, and a brick panel to the right of the window swung open. Rather than bricks, the heavy steel door allowed them access inside. 
Sam sighed with relief and stepped inside. As Doc said, they stepped into a long dimly-lit hallway. Small yellow emergency lights were fitted along the ceiling, just far enough apart so they could see where they had to go. 
Once everyone was inside, Sam pushed the big orange button against the opposite wall. The door swung shut with a load clang, much too loud for their frail nerves. Sam led them down the hallway, which ended in another door with a keypad. He punched in the code, the door clicked, and he pulled it open. 
The stale, but distinct hospital smell engulfed them, and for a moment, an overwhelming urge to turn and run washed over Sam. He had no idea why, but the smell scared him. He had a hard time controlling his terrified body. He took a deep breath, and then stepped into another corridor with several doors leading from it. With his heart still racing, Sam swallowed hard. He made a mental note from which door they exited. It was the only yellow door in the corridor. After consulting Doc’s drawing, he led them around a corner and down three flights of stairs to another steel door.
According to Doc’s instructions, that door had a different code, and Sam punched it in. For a moment, he thought he might have pressed the wrong buttons as nothing happened. A hard metallic click, followed by a loud hissing sound when the thick steel door released its pressure and swung open. Two rows of florescent lights flickered to life. They stepped into the medicine vault and the sight made Sam pull in a sharp breath. 
“Look at that!” he said in amazement.
Rows and rows of neatly stacked medicines welcomed them in the cold, well-lit white room. It was as if they stepped into another world, one in which they did not belong. 
Sam looked to the right, and there, neatly stacked against the back wall, a pile of sealed cooler boxes, just as Doc described. Sam frowned, and for a moment, wondered what happened to Doc that he gave up working in a building like that to go work in a little hospital in the middle of nowhere. 
I have to ask him about that sometime Sam thought. He handed each person a cooler box and a list of what they should look for. Doc’s instructions were very specific for what he needed. 
He looked at the eager faces around him.
“We can only carry so much, so just take what is on the list. Don’t break anything. We might need it in the future. Once we’re done, we can carry the boxes back to the main entrance door. While we wait for nightfall, we can search the rest of the building, then get something to eat, and find a place to sleep. We’ll need the rest for our return journey.” 
Everyone agreed. They felt safe inside the secure building, a little oasis in enemy territory. They were all tired and could use something to eat and a few hours of sleep.

Chapter 23

After a few hours rest, a meal of granola bars and a soda from one of the vending machines, they were refreshed and ready to go. Earlier Nick found a security station with most of the security cameras still in operation. It gave them a good view around the building. The entire day they saw nothing. If they were spotted on their way in, somebody would have waited around the exit door. That would make their getaway a whole lot more complicated. At least there were no raiders in the immediate vicinity to worry about. 
Once the sun went down, the cameras switched automatically to night vision. Sam did a final check, and when satisfied that all was clear, he led the group back to the heavy steel door. They placed all the cooler boxes in a line next to the exit. 
Sam looked at the anxious faces. “Ready?” he asked.
Nathan shook his head. “Not really, but we can’t stay here forever.” 
“Ok, here we go,” Sam said, and punched the code into the keypad. 
There was a slight pause before the heavy hydraulic door swung open. Nick and Jake dashed outside, hugging the outside wall, weapons at the ready. They moved forward until they reached the corner. Satisfied that nobody waited in ambush, Nick signaled the others. Sam grabbed his cooler box and made his way out, followed by the rest. Edward and Nathan carried Nick and Jake’s boxes outside, before returning to retrieve their own. Ray was the last man out, and on his way past, he hit the orange button.  A moment later the heavy door clanged shut behind them.
Sam indicated with hand signals for them to move in case someone close by heard the noise and came to investigate. The group moved back across the freeway, through the littered yards, past the power station, and into the wooded area. Only there did they stop for a breather. They listened intently and were ready for trouble, but nobody followed. The sound of distant gunshots echoed through the night, but it was at the other side of the city. 
Sam heard the others breathe, and only then realized he held his own. He let it out slowly, barely making a sound. 
“Let’s not overstay our welcome. Ray, lead the way,” he whispered.
 There was no moon yet, and navigating their way through the trees proved more difficult in total darkness. They made more noise than Ray liked, and every time someone walked into a tree, or bumped a leg, he growled at the sound.
After several hours they reached the other side of the wooded area, and crouched down near the edge of the tree line, listening for noises. Several close gun shots shattered the silence, and everyone dropped to the ground, rifles at the ready. Ray was the first one back to his feet and darted silently forward. He stopped behind the last tree before the clearing. He heard voices not far from them. 
Like a ghost, he glided back to Sam and tapped him on the shoulder. “They’re not shooting at us. By the sound of it, they’re on the other side of those white buildings.”
Sam peered forward, but could barely see the buildings in the dark. “How many are there?”
“Two shooters, and they captured someone,” Ray replied.
Sam thought about it for a moment. “Ray, lead the way, let’s go investigate. I want to make sure it isn’t our people who came searching for us.” 
They dashed from the tree line and stopped at the corner of the first building. 
“Nick, Jake, leave your coolers and backpacks here,” Sam said.
He removed his own pack and turned to Edward. “We’re taking a closer look. Watch our backs.”
The three figures moved to the corner of the next building. With his back pressed against the wall, Sam peered around the corner. Not fifteen meters from them, a pickup truck faced the opposite direction. The headlights cast two beams of light, and in that light, he saw two people on their knees, with their hands behind their heads. 
Behind them stood two figures armed with rifles. Judging by their silhouettes, Sam guessed them to be raiders. 
One of the raiders circled the two on their knees. “Where are you from and why are you here?” 
The smaller of the two on the ground said in a high clear voice, “We’re just drifters looking for something to eat and drink. We’re on our way north.”
Circling Raider stopped in front of the man and shouted, “Lies!” 
The sound when his big hand hit the side of the man’s head, echoed through the night.
Sam pulled back and whispered, “They’re going to kill them. I don’t recognize the two, but they’re not raiders. Any ideas?”  
Nick and Jake looked at each other, then laid their guns on the ground. They each pulled a combat knife from its sheath on their hips. 
Sam immediately understood. “Go, I’ll cover you.” 
The ghostlike figures of Nick and Jake moved around the building and positioned themselves behind the truck. When both the raiders moved behind the kneeling figures, they realized they had only seconds before the raiders executed their hostages.
The men on their knees knew it was the end. In a moment they would join their two cousins who lay lifeless only a few meters away, but they refused to beg for their lives. One final look passed between them, and after a slight nod, they closed their eyes, waiting for the end. Instead of the sharp crack of a rifle shot, a dull thud sounded when the lifeless bodies of the raiders hit the ground in unison. Nick and Jake were skilled in the art of killing with a knife and wasted no time in ending the raiders’ violent existence.
Sam watched them, and when Nick and Jake made their move, he moved forward. When the bodies slumped to the ground, Sam was right behind them. He stepped forward and pointed his rifle at the men.
“Who are you?” he asked in a low voice.
The two men stared at the fallen bodies of their captors with shock and confusion on their faces.
“We’re just drifters looking for food. They killed our two cousins,” the small one stammered. 
Sam stared at them, and made an instant decision.
“Okay, on your feet. I’m Sam, and this is Nick and Jake. We need to hide the bodies and get out of here before someone else comes to investigate.”
Nick killed the lights while Jake salvaged the raiders’ fallen weapons. He instructed the two bewildered men where to hide the bodies out of sight. Sam ran back and called the others, while he retrieved Nick and Jake’s weapons. The met up at the pickup truck.
“We better get out of here in a hurry. We can use the truck to get back to our vehicles,” Sam said.
Nick made a move to get into the driver’s seat, but Sam grabbed his arm.
“No, let Ray drive,” he said.
“Yes, you can’t even drive properly in daylight let alone in the dark,” Jake added.
Without a word, Nick jumped onto the back.
All the medicine boxes were loaded. Edward and Nathan squeezed into the front seat with Ray, while the rest climbed on the back. Ray brought the truck to life and drove out of the yard into the quiet, dark street. The two men they rescued didn’t say a word. They were still in shock and unsure what to make of their rescuers. 
Ray navigated the truck through the darkness while the others kept lookout for any sign of trouble. The raiders had no problem driving with their headlights on, so it would be easy to spot them coming. They were more concerned about anyone who might want to ambush them. At that moment, they made easy targets.
Ray made it back to the rocks where their vehicles were hidden without incident. The moment the truck came to a halt, Carl and the others were out with weapons ready to fire.
“Easy guys, it’s us,” Sam said.
“What the ...,” Carl started but Sam interrupted.
“I’ll explain later,” he said.
Sam jumped off and pointed his rifle toward the two men.
“Are you ready to tell me the truth about where you’re from?” he asked.
The two men looked at each other, and in the light of the rising moon, Sam noticed the warning in their eyes. 
“Look, I understand you don’t want to reveal your hideout, but I can’t offer you any help if I don’t know what you want,” he said.
The men nodded at each other.
“I’m Travis and this is my cousin Colin,” the smaller of the two said. 
“Thank you for saving our lives back there, but we’re drifters looking for food and water,” he said and eyed the cooler boxes that Edward and Nathan moved to their own vehicles. 
Sam shook his head. “That’s neither food nor water. Its medicine we desperately need and we can’t share it. We barely have enough food for ourselves so we can’t help you with that either.”
Sam knew there was no time to waste. They had to get far away from there before sunrise.
“Take the raiders’ truck and go back to where you came from. Stay away from the cities. That’s where the raiders tend to hang out. We won’t be around next time to save you,” Sam said and turned to leave. The others were loaded and ready to go.
“Wait, you’re letting us go?” Travis asked in surprise. 
Sam nodded. “Yes, we mean you no harm. You’re clearly not interested in accepting any help from us, so it’s best we each go our own way.”
“Okay, wait,” Colin said. “We’re from a group of about forty or so family and friends who hide out in a secure compound near Marianna. We’re originally from Memphis, but when the raiders moved in and started killing people just for fun, we moved out and found the compound. It used to be a warehouse area, so it’s secure and easy to defend. Raiders attacked us a few times, but they quickly realized it was futile after they suffered heavy losses. Although we have enough food to last us a while, we’re running out of water. We formed a few scouting parties and set off in different directions searching for water. We scouted the outskirts of Little Rock when we were caught, and you know the rest.”
Sam stared at the two for a moment. In the east the telltale signs of the approaching day showed. He had to make a quick decision.
 “If you have canned or any dry food, we’re willing to trade for water,” he paused and saw Travis nodded.
“Bring a water tanker to the east barricade of White River. Tell them I said you can trade, and if they ask for a password, it’s Sunflower. Once the tanker is filled, we’ll have a straight swap, truck for truck. Be sure to leave any escort at least a kilometer away from our town, because if our guards feel threatened, they won’t hesitate to shoot.”
Travis and Colin looked surprised. In the rising moonlight Sam could see the glint in their eyes. 
Colin frowned. “Just like that?”
Sam nodded and smiled. “Just like that.” 
Colin returned the smile. “Ok, see you in a few days, and thanks again for saving our lives.” 
Sam nodded and with a wave of his arm stepped into the truck. Before the other men could say another word, they were gone.
“They were quite fortunate that we happened by when we did,” Nick said.
“Yes, a pity we couldn’t save their unfortunate cousins though,” Sam said.
Nick frowned. “Do you think it was a good idea to tell them about our town?”
Sam thought it over for a moment. “If we can establish trade to supplement our food resources, I think it’s worth the risk. I doubt they’ll tell anybody. From the look on their faces, I don’t think they themselves believe it quite yet.” 
Nick sighed. “Well, you seem to know what you’re doing so that’s good enough for me.” 
Sam stared wordlessly at the road ahead.
I hope so Nick, I really hope so. If I misjudged those two and my instincts let me down, this might put us all in danger. Sam thought and sighed. As much as he wanted to help others, he had to be more careful not to put Linda and the town in danger.

Chapter 24

Since their return from Little Rock, Linda didn’t let Sam out of her sight. While Sam and the rest were gone, one of their other scout parties led by Harry Shanks and Peter Roden came under attack near Star City. Harry caught a bullet in the leg, but one of Peter’s squad members was killed. When the scouts returned, Frank was furious. He gathered re-enforcements and led five squads to Star City, but found nothing. The raiders were long gone.
The news unsettled the town. It was the biggest group of raiders they encountered yet. Up to that point, the largest single group they ran across were twelve men strong. According to Peter, the group that attacked them consisted of at least twenty five armed raiders. Even though they lost five in the attack, it remained a large group. 
Up till then, Sam and Frank operated under the assumption that most of the raiders moved north, or kept to the big cities until they sucked all resources out of them and then moved on. The attack acted as a warning to all scout groups not to get over confidant, and to always be on alert when outside the safety of the town.
Doc Percy was happy and impressed with the medicine, but Sam’s report did not please Frank. The fact that Sam initiated trade with another group without consulting him, didn’t sit well with the commander. The responsibility for the safety of the town fell on his shoulders, and although he saw the wisdom of Sam’s actions, the fact that he revealed the town’s location to strangers could pose a possible security threat. After a few days of wallowing, he conceded that Sam did the right thing. Any additional food source was welcome.
Sam sat on the porch sipping on a late afternoon coffee, when Linda joined him. She leaned her head against his shoulder.
“What’s wrong?” he asked. 
She shook her head. “Nothing. I’m just glad that you’re back. I don’t like it when you’re not here. Please don’t leave me again.” 
He stroked her hair and smiled. “You know I wouldn’t unless it is absolutely necessary.” 
She sighed again.
“Let’s hope it won’t be necessary for a long time.”

*****

Travis and Colin sat with Uncle Ross in the warehouse office that they used to plan their scout trips. They discussed Sam’s trade offer, which seemed reasonable. 
“Our water tanker holds forty thousand liters. How much food do you think they would expect for so much water?” Travis asked. 
Ross Anderson rubbed a hand over his short grey hair. His steely blue-grey eyes were wide awake, and despite being in his sixties, his body was wiry but strong. 
“There are three pallets of canned goods loaded in that delivery truck in the southern warehouse. It consists mostly of canned soup and beef stew. I’m sure they’ll be more than happy to trade for that,” he said.
“When is Terry due back?” Colin asked. 
Cousin Terry was the one that made most of the decisions with regards to safety around the compound. Due to the urgency of their water need, he decided to join the scout missions.
Ross shook his head. “He checked in the day before yesterday but left again. I don’t expect him back for at least another three days. Steve is also still out and we have no way to contact any of them.” 
Travis frowned. Both their decision makers were away. 
“Can we afford to wait that long?” he asked. 
Ross’s leathery face crinkled even more when he frowned. “No, we’ll run out of water in a day or two, maybe three at most. We have women and children here who need it.”
“Travis and I can make the trip to White River,” Colin offered.
Ross shook his head. “No. I want you two to stay here and watch after the rest. I’ll make the run. Aiden and Caleb can ride escort. They’ve been working for me a long time, and know how to handle themselves. White River is south of here and quite isolated. I doubt there’s much going on down there, so it should be a smooth trip.” 
Travis and Colin looked at each other, both thinking the same thing. If it’s such a smooth run, why didn’t he let them do it? They learned a long time ago not to argue with their uncle, so they simply nodded in agreement.
With the decision made, it didn’t take long for the final arrangements. Two hours later the small convoy drove through the main gates of the secure compound. Aiden and Caleb in a green pickup truck took the lead, followed by Ross driving the water tanker. Gavin, another cousin to Travis and Colin, drove the delivery truck loaded with the food. 
The plan was to drive to Monticello and hide the food truck, while Ross took the water tanker to White River. Once Sam filled the tanker and they were ready to make the exchange, the food would be close by. They could complete the transaction without wasting time.
Ross decided to bypass Pine Bluff in case raiders were still hiding out there. He drove south and made it to Star City without incident. When they entered the plundered city it looked like just another ransacked town. Some buildings were burnt to the ground while others were vandalized. It was the usual scene of destruction seen in so many other towns. The four lane road was largely clear of obstacles and they didn’t bother to slow down. They passed a strip mall on the right and Ross shook his head at the total devastation, when they drove straight into the ambush.
So many shots rang out at once, it sounded like a war zone. Before Ross had time to react, the pickup truck in front veered sharply to the right. Even with the ruckus around, the crunching sound of metal when the pickup truck smashed into the dead tree next to the road, vibrated through his bones. His first instinct was to hit the brake pedal and check on his friends. Smoke poured from the protesting tires, but before the tanker came to a halt, he knew he could do nothing for them. He realized the danger too late. Before he hit the accelerator, three gunmen jumped in front of him, shouting at him to stop. Ross froze. If he touched the pedal, he would be dead before the truck turned a wheel.
The vehicle barely came to a standstill when one of the gunmen yanked the driver door open, and dragged him from the cabin. Ross didn’t have time to get his footing and fell sideways, hitting the ground hard enough that it knocked the wind from him. He lay on his side, desperate to pull oxygen into his lungs, when he spotted the delivery truck behind. It came to a halt against the curb. Gavin slumped over the steering wheel. He wasn’t moving, and judging by the amount of blood spattered in the cab, he would never move again.
Anger rose in Ross as oxygen rushed to his lungs. He struggled to his knees, but one of the raiders shoved a boot against his shoulder and pushed him over.
“Say goodbye to the world old man.” 
Ross heard the click of the rifle. His end was imminent, and he only thought about the people back at the compound. He failed them.
“Wait!” a booming voice shouted from the back. 
A huge man with wild long hair and a heavy black beard strutted forward. 
“There’s no water in this tanker,” he said, and planted his heavy biker boots in front of Ross.
The big man bent down, and grabbed Ross by his shirt. With hardly any effort, he lifted him like a doll. “Where’s the water old man?”
Ross smelled the leather of the man’s dirty jacket, and looked into his bloodshot eyes. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
The man growled, and then the palm of his right hand made contact with the side of Ross’s face, sending him sprawling to the ground. His ears made a ringing sound, and before he could move, the raider grabbed him again.
“Looks like you were headed for an exchange, the food in that truck for water. Where?” he demanded. 
Ross just stared at him. The man waited a moment for an answer, but when none was forthcoming, he hit Ross again. 
Blood exploded from his nose when the massive fist smashed into the center of his face. 
The big raider growled and grabbed Ross again. “I don’t have time for this old man, where’s the water?” 
Ross was unable to speak, only shaking his head, with blood running down his face. The raider held Ross with one hand, and with his free hand, grabbed Ross’s little finger on his right hand. With a quick jerk he bent the finger all the way back. The crunching sound when the bone broke came a second before the old man’s scream of agony. 
“You can start talking or I’ll break every bone in your body, but you will tell me where the water is,” the raider said.
Ross still winced with pain when the raider grabbed the next finger. In one swift movement he snapped it back. The pain was so intense that the broken man sagged to his knees, his trembling legs not able to support his body weight anymore. 
The raider grabbed the next finger, but Ross had enough. He held up his left hand in resignation, and had difficulty speaking.
“I … I … will … talk,” he said.
A satisfied grin appeared on the raider’s bearded face.
“Good, so let’s hear it. Were you going to trade the food for water?” 
Ross’s head hung in defeat, but he gave a slight nod. 
“Where?” 
The old man swallowed, the taste of defeat made him feel even older, but he knew the end was near, and the best he could hope for was a quick, painless exit.
“We were … going to trade … trade in … White River,” he managed to say, and closed his eyes waiting for the end. 
The raider look satisfied. “White River huh? Who would’ve figured that dump had anything left worth a damn?” 
He pulled the pistol tucked into the back of his pants, and without a word or expression, shot Ross three times in the chest. The shots rang out in quick succession, and Ross’s lifeless body slowly toppled over without ever opening his eyes again. The bearded man stepped over the fallen body without giving it another thought, and looked at the tanker.
“Mick, do you think he told the truth?” asked a young raider. His face looked too innocent to be part of the company, but his eyes were not. 
Mick Dawson was a hard man who used to be the leader of a ruthless motorcycle gang. When the drought set in and things turned bad, he realized there was no law left to stop him. Wherever they went, they left a trail of dead bodies behind. He looked at the young man, Alex, his sister’s kid. Before she died she made him promise to look out for the kid. Although he wasn’t much for keeping promises, it gave him a strange kick having the seventeen year old runt around.
“Yes Kid, he did. I saw it in his eyes,” Mick said in his heavy voice. 
Alex swallowed. Although he acted tough in front of the other raiders, what he saw during his time with the group, kept him awake at night. When he does fall asleep, their dead faces haunted him. The old man’s face, twisted with pain, now added to that list. 
Mick smacked his lips together. “Well, let’s get the tanker and the food to Dumas. In the morning we can travel to White River and see if they’re still willing to trade.”
A tall skinny man, dressed all in black, stepped forward. His face twisted in a permanent sneer, his black eyes lifeless. 
“What about the bodies?” he asked in a soft monotone voice. 
Without looking at the lifeless forms, Mick said, “Leave them, they won’t bother anybody.”

Chapter 25

Terry Turner was of average height, but what he lacked in height, he made up in physique. The muscles rippled under his shirt, and his light brown eyes were alert and observant. He returned from another unsuccessful search for water. The moment he stepped out of his pickup truck, and noticed the concern on Cousin Steve’s face, he knew there was trouble. 
“What happened?” he asked. 
Steve Anderson looked visibly worried and couldn’t shake the uneasy feeling he had. He walked over to Terry and relayed what happened to Travis, Colin, and their party. He also mentioned Sam’s offer.
“Uncle Ross felt he couldn’t wait until we returned, so he left with the tanker and a food truck. He set off for White River with only Aiden and Caleb driving escort. That was two days ago. They should’ve been back by now, but there’s no sign of them.” 
Terry scowled. “What was the old man thinking?” 
He was silent for a moment, weighing up his options. “Steve, I don’t like this. We better go look for them.” 
Steve nodded. “I thought the same thing, but waited for you.”
Half an hour later two pickup trucks drove out of the compound in a southerly direction, following Ross Anderson’s trail toward White River. It was close to nightfall when they approached Star City. They drove cautiously through the town. Terry’s blood turned to ice when he saw the green pickup truck from a distance. 
As they approached, they saw the bodies of their uncle and cousins on the ground where the raiders left them. The pickups stopped in a cloud of dust, and they jumped out and scanned the area, but the threat was long gone. Terry walked forward and stared at his uncle. Even in death, the pain was etched into his face.
Terry scanned the area.
After several observations he said, “They were ambushed here. Hell, they didn’t stand a chance. Aiden and Caleb died before they knew what happened.” 
Filled with helpless anger, he kneeled next to the broken body of his uncle. 
A knot formed in his throat. “Uncle Ross was taken alive and tortured before they shot him in cold blood.”
Steve stood where Gavin’s body was unceremoniously tossed out of the truck. For months they were so careful. Now, in a matter of days, they lost four family members and two close friends.
For a moment Terry looked lost. “So what do we do now?”
Steve studied the wheel prints in the dust, trying to identify the tanker’s tracks. “The water tanker turned around here. Do you think you can follow the tracks?” 
Terry stared at the road. The wind blurred the tracks, but they were clearly visible in the sand on the road. He walked down the street, keeping his eyes on the tracks. In a few places their own path crossed the tanker’s tracks, but he followed the prints in the dirt. A kilometer down the road, he found where the raiders made a right turn. Steve and the rest followed him in the pickups.
“They turned here and probably headed east out of town.” Terry said when the trucks pulled up next to him. 
Steve looked to the west where the sun was barely visible on the horizon. “It’s going to be dark soon. Let’s burry them and find a place to hide out for the night. We can pick up the trail again first thing in the morning.” 
Terry stared at the road that disappeared into the distance, itching to get his hands on his uncle’s murderers. Through years of military experience, he knew it would be unwise to set off after them in the dark.

*****

Frank stared at a map of the area, leaning with his arms on the table, when one of the young boys ran into the office. He was too young for guard duty but old enough to be a messenger. He stood with his hands on his knees, out of breath and gulping down oxygen, before he relayed his message. 
“Commander, there’s a man at the south barricade with a water tanker wanting to trade. He said someone sent him here,” the boy said excited. 
Frank frowned and wondered if it was the people that Sam referred to town, but Sam specifically instructed them to the east barricade, and gave them a password.
The moment Frank laid eyes on the big burly figure of Mick Dawson, he knew something was off. The tanker was parked in front of the barricade, with the bearded raider leaning against it, his massive arms folded over his barrel chest. Frank looked past him, and in the distance he could see a pickup truck waiting. 
“What do you want?” Frank asked. 
Mick raised his eyebrows, and pushed away from the tanker.
“I was told we can trade food for water here,” Mick said in his deep rumbling voice.
Frank kept his face blank. “Mmm, you must have run across Larry then. Do you have the password?”
Alarm filled the raider’s dark eyes. He fought the urge to turn tail and run, but held his composure.
“No, Larry didn’t mention anything about a password,” he said.
Frank nodded. “Very well. You brought a sample of what you want to trade?” 
Mick’s attempt at a smile would give young children nightmares. He reached into the cabin of the tanker, and pulled out two cans.
“A third of the load is canned vegetable soup, and the rest is canned beef stew,” he said, and handed Frank the cans.
The Commander eyed the cans suspiciously, but they appeared authentic. 
The picture on the can of stew made his mouth water, but he swallowed. “It’s a whole truck load?”
Mick was now confident that Frank bought his deception.  “Yes, as we agreed with Larry.”
Frank nodded. “Good, the tanker will be filled by morning. You can bring the food then. Let’s make it nine o’clock, a straight trade, water tanker for the food truck.”
“See you in the morning then,” Mick said, turned around, and walked toward the waiting pickup. 
Frank watched him leave, and then walked back behind the barricade. Nick and Jake arrived as he was about the get into his truck. 
He walked over to them. “We have a big problem. Go get Sam.”
Half an hour later Sam stood in the Commander’s office. Frank told him about his meeting with Mick. With every word the worry lines on Sam’s forehead increased.
Sam shook his head. “I agree with you, something is wrong. I specifically instructed Travis and Colin to bring the tanker to the east gate, and to use the password.” 
A shadow crossed Sam’s face. “Do you think Travis’s people ran into the same raiders that attacked Harry and Peter near Star City? Would they have taken that route?”
Frank consulted his map, tapping his finger on it. “Coming from Marianna, they probably wanted to avoid Pine Bluff, so I would say yes.” 
Sam’s blue eyes turned angry and the look on his face made Frank take a step back. 
Sam’s voice was soft, but full of menace and anger. “If they were ambushed, one of them was captured alive and tortured. That’s the only way the raiders would know about water in White River.”
His words made Frank feel uneasy. He threw Sam a look that said, “I told you so,” but Sam ignored him. 
“I’ll instruct the patrols to be on their toes. I don’t trust that man,” Frank said. 
Sam nodded in agreement. “I’ll fill the tanker, and once we made the trade, we can get Ray to follow them. Once I know where their hideout is located, we can clean that rat’s nest.”

*****

Terry and Steve followed the tracks to the outskirts of Dumas. They saw movement in the town, and suspected that they found the raiders’ hideout. Terry had to wait till nightfall to sneak unnoticed into the town. He was almost caught while he crossed a street. A black pickup truck raced around the corner, and he barely had time to dive behind a dead tree before the lights flashed past his position. Fortunately for him, the raiders were too occupied with their own conversation and continued down the street. 
The truck came to a sliding halt two hundred meters ahead. Terry checked that the coast was clear, and sprinted after the truck that was parked in front of the old police station. Terry waited till all four occupants went inside, then he sneaked to the side of the building and peered through a window. Two gas lamps situated on a table cast enough light around the room that he could see six people lounging in the office. One of the window panes was knocked out, so he heard everything that was said inside.
Mick leaned against the counter, his arms folded across his chest. “They bought the whole thing. By tomorrow evening we’ll have enough water to last us a few months.”
A tall thin man dressed in black sat on a chair in the corner, right on the edge of the light.  “Don’t you think we should just ride in there and take the water? Then we’ll have the food and the water,” he said in his high pitched voice.
Mick stared at the man for a moment. He was about to make a snide comment, but then thought better of it.
“That thought crossed my mind, but that town’s well-guarded. It would be suicide to try. From my quick observations, I can tell you there are a lot of people and they’re well-armed and organized. No, this time, trade is our best option,” he said.
The man in black stood up and strolled into the light, his pale skin made him look like a ghost. “I wouldn’t mind taking a look around there. I’m sure I can sneak in unnoticed and find out what’s what.”
The big raider glared at the man. “Wilson, once we have the water, you can sneak around all you want, but until then, don’t go near the place.”
Wilson shrugged, and nonchalantly walked back to his chair and sat down. 
“The food truck is parked in the yard out back. In the morning, I’ll trade it for the water. We have enough food to last us a few months. In the meantime, we can keep our eyes open for any fools stumbling our way,” Mick said.
The cold way in which he said it, irked Terry. He had to restrain himself from opening fire on the group and taking revenge for his uncle. Such an action would probably resulted in him getting killed, and that wouldn’t help his family back at the compound. They were desperate for the water. 
Terry heard enough. He moved around to the back where the white delivery truck, filled with the food, was parked. There were no guards posted inside the courtyard with the truck, but a patrol circled the block. He peeked inside the cab, but found no keys. It was an older model truck, and one of the skills he picked up during his time in the armed forces, was how to hot-wire a truck. 
It was too early to make a move. He slipped into an empty building next door where he had a good view of the police station, the courtyard, and the street. He opened his backpack and took out a night vision device, which he strapped to his head. He got it a few years ago via an army buddy, and these days it served him well.  By midnight, everything was quiet, and had been for a few hours. He also determined that the patrol only came by once every hour. After the next pass, he made his way back to the truck, opened the door and slid into the driver’s seat.
His hands searched underneath the dashboard below the steering wheel for the right wires, and yanked them from the ignition. Through the night vision glasses he couldn’t make out the colors of the wires and had to guess. After a few tries he found the right combination and the truck started with a roar of the engine. The deafening sound rang in his ears. With a pounding heart he eased the truck forward, keeping the revs as low as possible to reduce the noise. Once he reached the street, he turned left and then right at the next intersection. Terry avoided the main street and made his way along the back roads. He looked in the mirrors, expecting to see a flood of lights following, but to his surprise, the street behind remained clear.
The main road ran parallel to him on his left, heading south. When the road he was on turned away from the main road, he wasted no time, and drove over the curb, across the sand, and onto the road leading out of town. He was now far enough from the police station that he didn’t worry about noise. He gunned the truck and drove as fast as he could. Steve and the others were supposed to wait for him at the south end, and he hoped they had enough time to make their way around. He knew, once he got the truck, it would be best to make a bee line for White River.
Terry drove past the last buildings on his right, and then he was out in the open. He looked in the mirrors and still saw no sign of pursuit. A kilometer down the road, Steve and the rest waited anxiously.

Chapter 26

Sam and Linda stood on the porch and watched one of the night shift guards uncouple the hose from the water tanker. It was filled and ready to go. 
Linda turned to Sam and placed her hand to the side of his face. “Please be careful today. I have an uneasy feeling about this. I don’t want you to get hurt.”
Sam smiled down at her concerned face. “Don’t worry, I’ll be careful. This is one time when I’m happy that you’ll be in town and not out here alone where I can’t keep an eye on you.” 
Linda received word that Fay wasn’t well, and she wanted to visit her friend. Sam agreed that she could go to town and return with him when he gets back. They just finished their coffee when they heard vehicles approaching. The day guard had arrived. Sam grabbed his rifle and hat, and helped Linda into the tanker. Gus showed him how to drive it. 
They found that it was another skill he either had a natural talent for, or did it in his previous life. Linda threw a glance at the house before they turned the corner and exited the yard. She woke up with a strange feeling. At first she thought it to be concern for Fay’s wellbeing, but it was more than that.
After Sam dropped Linda off at Fay’s house, he drove to the Command Centre. He greeted Frank when one of the young messenger boys came pedaling around the corner on his bike.
“Commander, there are two men at the east barricade with a delivery truck. They say they want to trade for water, and asked to see Sam.” 
The boy looked at Sam and said, “They said the password is Sunflower.” 
Sam and Frank looked at each other, and at that moment, Nick’s truck rolled to a stop. 
Sam turned to the boy. “Go find Gus. Tell him to wait by the tanker. On my signal, he must bring it to the barricade.”
Before Nick and Jake could exit the truck, Frank stopped them. “We have visitors. Take us to the east barricade.” 
Sam barely jumped onto the back before Nick took off in a cloud of dust. He lost his balance and fell in a heap on the back of the pickup. Sam made it to his knees, and stared at the back of Nick’s head. When the two in the cab both turned their heads and grinned at him, he knew it was done on purpose, although Nick would deny it vehemently.
At the barricade, Nick brought the pickup to an easy stop, looking all innocent when both Frank and Sam glared at him. They walked past the barricade to meet the two men standing in front of the delivery truck with their arms raised. Several guard weapons were trained on them. 
Sam eyed the two, who didn’t appear to be raiders. “Can I help you?” 
Without lowering his arms Steve said, “I’m Steve Anderson, and this is my cousin, Terrance. Are you Sam?”
Sam nodded. “Yes, I’m Sam, and this is Frank.” 
The strength in Sam’s eyes indicated to Steve he was the leader.  “You saved our cousins, Travis and Colin from certain death in Little Rock. For that, we thank you. They brought news of trade to our compound, but unfortunately Terrance and I were on a scout at the time. Uncle Ross knew that we needed the water badly, but didn’t want to wait for our return. With two family friends and another cousin, he set out to come here to make the trade. Two days later when we came back, we learnt of this, and set out looking for them. We found them where they were ambushed in Star City.”
Frank and Sam looked at each other at the mention of Star City.
“We tracked the raiders to Dumas where Terrence found the food truck. He stole it back. We have family and friends back at the compound in desperate need of water. Are you still interested in the trade?” 
Steve looked at them expectantly, and before Frank or Sam could say another word, they were interrupted.
“Terry? Terry Turner?” 
Nick and Jake walked toward them, disbelief in their eyes, but wide smiles on their faces. 
Frank frowned. “Do you two know these people?”
Nick pointed at Terry. “Yeah, we know him. We were together in the Force. He saved our lives at least twice.” 
Terry couldn’t believe his eyes. “Well, if it isn’t Nick Hartley and Jake Green. With you two being so incompetent, how on earth are you are still alive?” 
Nick and Jake took turns hugging their friend, while the rest looked on in amusement. Frank waved at the others to lower their weapons, and Steve let his raised arms fall to his side.
“Commander, if Terry is with them, they’re okay,” Nick said with a big smile. 
Sam shook his head. “If he knows the two of you that well, then it’s debatable.” 
Steve jerked his head toward Sam, but saw the gleam in his eye and smiled. 
Sam turned to the barricade and called for the young boy. “Tell Gus to bring the water.” 
He turned back to the visitors while the boy jumped on his bicycle. “Ok, there’s enough time for a reunion later, let’s see the food and get the trade done. If I understood correctly, there are some thirsty people in desperate need of this water.”
Terry’s face turned serious. “You’re right, business first.” 
He walked to the back, and was grateful that Steve had the insight to check the load before they drove to White River. The raiders helped themselves to some of the goods, but most of it was still there. If he opened the doors and it was empty, they would have looked real foolish. The locks clanged when he pushed the lever and swung the doors open. Three pallets of canned food filled the cargo hold, covered with plastic wrap. One of the piles missed several boxes of the canned stew where the raiders helped themselves. 
Sam clapped his hands together. “Andy’s going to make a feast with this.”
The bus that formed the main part of the barricade moved to the side, and Gus drove through with the water tanker. 
“Here’s your water,” Sam said.
Both visitors looked relieved. Steve shook everyone’s hand. “Thank you very much and I hope we can trade more in the future.”
“If there’s more food like this, then it won’t be a problem,” Sam said.
Frank frowned. “Would the raiders be able to follow you here?”
Terry shook his head and pointed to the back of the truck. Pieces of tire covered in burlap were tied to the back of the truck, wiping their tracks as they went.
“I doubt it. We covered our tracks well. The wind should do the rest.” 
Satisfied with the answer Sam asked, “What are your plans now?” 
Terry pointed back the way they came. “We have an escort waiting for us about a kilometer back. Six armed men with two trucks. We need to get this water to our people as soon as possible. Once that’s done, we still have some unfinished business with those raiders that killed my uncle.”
Sam and Frank looked at each other. Frank saw the same alarm in Sam’s eyes that was reflected in his own. 
He turned to Terry. “If you don’t mind, I would like to send an armed escort with you to ensure the water reaches its destination. We also have some unfinished business with those raiders. They killed one of our scouts, and while they are in the region, no one will be safe. Once you delivered the water, why don’t you return here? We can plan an attack on the raiders together. Our security force is over two hundred strong. Together, we can rid the area of that scum.”
Steve and Terry looked at each other with raised eyebrows, surprised at the size of the group. 
Terry nodded to Steve, who turned to Frank. “That sounds like a good plan. We’re grateful for your assistance.” 
Frank turned to Nick and Jake.  “Take Ernie and his squad and escort these people to safety. If you can, avoid Star City, and stay far away from Dumas. We don’t want to alert the raiders that we know where they are.” 

*****

Mick Dawson was furious. His eyes bulged in his big head and the veins pulsed in his forehead. The short, tubby man with the bald head feared for his life. He didn’t want to deliver the message, but he drew the short straw, and had to be the one to break the news. 
“You mean to tell me, someone snuck into town in the middle of the night, past all of you, and stole the truck from right under your noses without anybody seeing or hearing anything?” Mick bellowed, spit flying everywhere. 
Tubs tried to swallow, but his mouth was too dry. He hung his head and didn’t say another word. Anything he said would just outrage Mick further.
Mick had to see it for himself. The big man stormed out of the police station, around the back, and into the courtyard. He stared at the empty space where he parked the truck the previous night. After a moment he gazed up into the bright blue sky. Did aliens beam the truck out of there? Because that would be more acceptable than his crew letting it slipped through their fingers with their incompetence. 
Mick swung around. His huge fist slammed like a club into the center of the short man’s face. Tubs flew back two paces. His body hit the ground hard and didn’t move. The raider growled like a hungry bear and stormed back to the police station, without giving the bloodied, unconscious man another glance.
He dropped into the chair behind the desk, and slammed his fist down on the wooden table in frustration. Wilson sat in his usual spot on the couch in the corner. 
He didn’t bother to get up. His voice was soft, but always had an underlying menace to it. “What do we do now?”
Mick glared at the assassin, and stopped himself from hurling insults at him. Wilson was one man in his outfit that he had to treat lightly. The tall, thin man might not look like much, but Mick knew how fast and deadly the man was. 
Mick sighed. “I don’t know. Do you have any ideas?”
Wilson got up and seated himself on the corner of the desk. “I would like to go to White River and snoop around the town. If I can locate their water source, maybe we can find a way to steal some without them even knowing it.”
That sounded better than any idea Mick had at that moment. “Fine, but watch yourself. That place is well guarded. We already lost one man that got too close to that town.”
A few months before one of their scouts got shot when he wandered too close to White River and ignored their warning.
Wilson’s sneer was probably an attempt at a smile. “Driving up to the place will be suicide, but one man on foot, under the cover of darkness, can sneak around without being detected, especially if that man is me.”

*****

The convoy escorting Steve and the water tanker left, and Sam wanted to find Linda and return to the farm, but Frank called him into the office. He had something to discuss with Sam.
 “Joe and Ben Cross returned this morning from a scout mission. They reported that they ran into people near Hot Springs. Of course they didn’t divulge where they were from, but couldn’t get anywhere near that town.” 
Frank pulled up a map and tapped a place near the center. “Here is Little Rock, and here is Hot Springs. It is roughly eighty kilometers south-west of Little Rock, and about a hundred and fifty kilometers from here.”
Sam looked at the map. “That looks like a big city. Are you sure they’re not raiders, like in Little Rock?” 
Frank shook his head. “According to Joe and Ben, they don’t appear to be raiders, but these days, you never know. That is why I want you to take an escort out there and go check it out. I would like to know if that’s another place we need to worry about, or are they possible allies.” 
Sam looked the map over for a few moments then sighed. He hated to tell Linda that he had to leave again. 
“I’ll take Edward and Nathan. I don’t want to make the party too big. They might feel threatened before we even get there,” he said.

Chapter 27

Once again, Sam had to leave without Linda. He didn’t like that, but the mission could be dangerous. He would rather have her in the safety of the farm or town, than out there in the unknown. Besides, with Fay still sick, Linda would spend more time in town than on the farm, which suited him. He dropped her off at Fay’s house before they left. 
Edward and Nathan knew the area around Hot Springs quite well and they didn’t stop talking about all the rounds of golf they used to play there. Before the drought, the area was littered with golf courses. There used to be quite a few lakes, and the city had forty seven hot springs, from which the town derived its name. Although the springs ran dry, it appeared they still had a source of water.
The trip to Hot Springs was without incident. It seemed that raiders gave the place a wide berth. As they reached the outskirts of Hot Springs, they saw a roadblock about five hundred meters ahead. Sam brought the convoy to a halt and stepped out of the pickup.
He turned to Ray, who rode on the back and acted as a lookout. “Are those raiders?”
Ray shook his head. “No, I believe that’s the Hot Springs welcoming party, and from the look of them, we’re not welcome. Sam, be careful. We’re surrounded by a lot of dangerous looking people with weapons and itchy trigger fingers.”
Sam scanned the surrounding area, and saw the sun glinting off numerous barrels hidden amongst the rocks that lined the road. They were trapped, and if these people decided to open fire, there would be no escape. 
He called out to Edward and Nathan. “I’ll go forward to meet them. Stay here but be careful. We’re surrounded by people with guns so whatever you do, don’t act threatening.” 
Sam took Edward’s truck, and made a lonely figure as he drove towards the roadblock. In the middle of the road, a big man dressed in jeans, and some kind of camouflage shirt, waited with a rifle in his hands. As Sam got closer, he noticed that everyone was dressed in the same fashion. Jeans and a green and brown camouflaged shirt, and they all wore some kind of bush hat in the same colors.
The man held up his hand, and Sam brought the pickup to a stop a few meters from the roadblock. The man’s clothes were faded but clean, which was quite an unusual sight to see outside of White River. It also confirmed that these people had access to an adequate water supply. Sam stepped out of the truck, but kept his hands in plain sight.
“Good morning. My name is Sam. I’m the leader of a civilian group from the south. I would like to speak to your leader to discuss trade and cooperation possibilities,” Sam said. 
For a moment Sam’s friendly greeting and casual request, flummoxed the big man. He was ready to turn Sam around and send him on his way, but struggled to find an answer for the request.
His voice was deep and gruff. “Wait here, I’ll see if she wants to talk to you.”
Sam nodded. The man whispered something to another guy, who got into a jeep and drove away in the direction of the city. It was almost noon, but there was still shade next to the truck, so Sam sat down with his back resting against the front wheel. He looked around like he didn’t have a care in the world. He could see the other men were nervous as they kept watch on him from a few meters away. He didn’t want to give them any reason to start shooting. His hands rested on his knees in clear view for everyone to see. Despite his casual appearance, he was on full alert, his eyes wide awake and he took in every little detail around him.
While Sam waited, he ran what he knew about that settlement through his mind. Their leader was a woman. They had enough water that they could wash their clothes, were well armed and organized, and run like a military outfit. Not a lot to go on, but it was a start. 
Half an hour later the yellow-brown jeep returned with a passenger. The woman was dressed in the same manner as the rest of her soldiers. She had shoulder length black, curly hair that was tied in a ponytail. Her eyes looked angry and cruel. One glance told Sam that this was a no nonsense woman. To head an outfit like hers, one had to be tough.
Sam got to his feet and kept the friendly smile on his face. The woman’s dark brown eyes pierced his. There was no sign of friendliness. The look she gave Sam asked how he dare interrupt her existence.
“I believe you want to see me?” she said.
Her voice, a low baritone that sounded harsh. Sam lifted his eyebrows in surprise at the rude welcome, but kept his composure.
“My name’s Sam. I’m from a small town down south. My scouts reported that there was a non-raider settlement here. I wanted to drop by, introduce myself, and see if there is any way we could offer assistance, and maybe be open for any future trade.”
She gave a sarcastic smile, her voice mocking. “Now what on earth would a small town down south have to offer a community that had everything right here?”
Sam frowned. He didn’t expect to be welcomed with open arms, but he didn’t anticipate such hostility and rudeness. He reached inside the truck and retrieved a small basket. It was a gift prepared by Linda that contained two fresh barley rolls, two fresh tomatoes, a few carrots, beans and onions, all neatly packed to make a nice arrangement. 
He walked forward. “This meeting was clearly a mistake, but I promised my girlfriend I’d give you her gift. Please accept this in the good spirit it was intended. I’ll leave and we won’t bother you again.”
For a moment, Sam’s reaction left her speechless. All friendliness left his eyes, and she realized that she underestimated him. He was a man that won’t be pushed. Before she could utter another word, he shoved the basket into her hands, turned, and toward the pickup truck. She glanced at the items in the basket, and her eyes stretched wide with surprise. She held the basket in one hand while picking through the fresh vegetables with the other. As Sam opened the door, she had a barley roll in her hand.
“Where did you get these?” she asked. 
Sam looked up. “We grew it ourselves. That roll you’re holding was baked fresh yesterday. It’s made from barley, and is good with any kind of soup.”
There was a look of astonishment on her sun tanned face. She sniffed the fresh bread roll. “You want to tell me you grow barley in this kind of weather?”
Sam smiled. “It appears the little town from down south can teach you something after all.” 
She shook her head. “It appears I’ve underestimated you. These days there are so many people who would take advantage of you, one can’t be too careful.”
The slight smile softened her facial features, giving her face a completely different look. 
Sam closed the door of the truck again. “I’d be more than happy to tell you how we do it.”
She thought for a moment, and then whispered something to the big man. 
She turned to Sam. “I’m Moira. Leave your truck here. I’ll take you in with the jeep.” 
She jumped into the vehicle, and Sam barely got seated before she pulled away in a cloud of dust. She drove them into a more densely built area of the city, until they reached a barricade. A bulldozer obstructed the road, but when the jeep approached, it roared to life, moved to the side, and the jeep squeezed through the opening. The area behind the barricade was in stark contrast with the rest of the city. The streets were clean and the buildings had no broken windows. Sam felt like he stepped into a different dimension. The people they passed on the street stopped and stared curiously at the stranger.
Sam realized there were more people in Hot Springs than in White River. 
“How many people do you have here?” he asked curiously. 
She stared at him for a moment, and then smiled. “We have around three thousand or so.” 
Sam whistled in surprise. “That’s a lot of people. We’re only about a thousand.”
She frowned. Clearly it was more than she guessed. They drove through the parking lot of a shopping center where quite a number of people gathered. Behind the parking lot was a security complex that was setup as headquarters. Moira escorted Sam to her office.
She offered Sam a cold can of soda, which he gratefully accepted. For the next hour they swapped stories about how the drought affected their towns, and how they dealt with the raiders. When the riots started, a group of them got together and secured this portion of the city. Soon, more and more people flocked there for security. 
With the extra manpower, they increased the boundaries of the secured area, which included the largest warehouses in the city. They faced a serious issue with water when the lakes around the city ran dry, and the multitude of springs ceased to provide water. They had to find a water source before their reserves ran out.
They found water purely by chance. One of their scouts ran from a pursuing raider party, and hid in a cave. While hiding behind a rock, he heard the bubbling sound of flowing water, and found the stream, a strong source that bubbled deep from the earth. They tapped into it, and ever since, the stream had provided them with a steady supply of water. Sam wasn’t surprised when she didn’t reveal the location of the source. He didn’t reveal the location of their water either. 
Moira explained how they tried to grow vegetables, but the plants did not do well. Even with constant watering, the plants couldn’t withstand the heat.
“You haven’t tried growing vegetables in growing tunnels?” Sam asked. 
She frowned and shook her head. “We did, but the heat inside the tunnels was worse. We are city folk, what do we know about growing vegetables anyway?”
Her mouth dropped open when Sam told her about their tunnels, and how they use air conditioning to keep them cool. 
“Sam, I’m not sure we have the expertise to build something like that,” she said. 
He remembered how he spent hours in the little library doing research, and in many instances, had to improvise. A lot of people also stepped forward and helped by lending a hand, and their input into his ideas were valuable. It seemed that the people of Hot Springs lacked that kind of knowledge and cooperation.
Sam thought for a moment. “I can send you a design team that can help you get started. They can show your people how to do it. Most of the materials and equipment you need, you can salvage right here from within your city.”
By the time Moira dropped Sam off by his truck, it was already late in the afternoon. She offered them the use of a building at the edge of the city to spend the night. Although he was eager to get back to Linda, he knew they would not make it before nightfall. It was highly inadvisable to drive around after dark. They couldn’t use their lights and wouldn’t see danger coming until it was too late. Edward and Nathan didn’t want to stay either, but saw the benefit in Sam’s decision. Being so close to strangers made them nervous. They worked out a guard roster, and settled in for the night.
The next morning there was barely a red glow on the horizon, when they were ready to leave. They pushed open the doors of the empty warehouse as Moira pulled up in the jeep. 
“Are you ready to leave?” she asked. 
Sam nodded. “Yes, we’re all anxious to get back.” 
“There in White River, do you have chickens?” she asked.
Sam shook his head. “Live chickens? We have a dog, a cow, and two geese, but sadly, no chickens.” 
Moira walked to the back of the truck, threw back a tarp, and lifted a wire crate. 
Sam could not believe his eyes. Four white feathered creatures stared at him. 
He laughed. “You can’t grow vegetables, but you have chickens?” 
Moira handed him the crate and winked. “A gift. Maybe one day I’ll tell you the story of our chickens.” 
Sam thanked her. They said their goodbyes and then were on their way. Sam, sitting next to Edward in the cab of the pickup, kept glancing backward at the chickens. 
He smiled at Edward. “Linda’s going to freak when she sees the chickens.”

Chapter 28

Under the cover of darkness, the tall thin man dressed in black, and known only as Wilson, snuck into White River. He almost got caught twice by patrols roaming the streets, but every time his quick reflexes saved him as he dove for cover. He found an abandoned house in a sparsely populated area of town, and waited till all the people had gone to sleep. Once he was satisfied that all was quiet in town, he started his search for the water source. By dawn he searched the entire town, but still hadn’t found it, and retreated back to the house. 
He searched the place to find a spot to sleep, when he heard voices coming from outside. A tall muscled man with blond hair, and a woman with dark red hair, stood outside in the street. They were in each other’s arms, and although talking softly, he could hear every word.
“Sam, please be careful. I want you home alive and in one piece,” the woman pleaded.
“Linda, you know nothing will keep me away from you. I have to go. Edward and Nathan are already at the Command Centre and ready to leave. Please send my regards to Fay,” the man said. 
He watched them kiss before Sam turned and got into a truck. When he drove off, the woman walked up the steps of a house across the street, two houses away. She knocked on the door, and when someone opened, she disappeared inside.
The woman called the man Sam. Mick told him that the leader of the town was a man named Sam, and that guy fitted the bill. A smile formed on his thin lips as a plan formulated in his mind. He searched the house again, this time not to find a sleeping spot, but a hiding place. His sharp eyes noticed that one of the floor boards in the living room was loose. He grabbed the edge that stood up, lifted it and peeked underneath. The space was dirty, but it offered a good hiding place. 
He loosened more off the boards until the space was wide enough to fit a person. In a cupboard he found an old dusty blanket and spread it in the hiding area. He reached inside his black leather vest. In a hidden pocket was a small bottle that he always carried with him. Wilson smiled, which looked more like a grimace of someone who’s in pain. He walked over to the window and assumed a lookout position. He settled in, waiting for the woman to reappear from the house.
It was late in the afternoon when Linda walked out of the house and down the street toward the other side of the town. She promised Sam she would stay with her sister until he returned. Fay battled a chest infection, and compliments of Doc Percy, was restricted to her bed. Linda didn’t mind being in town to be close to her friend. She walked down the street and thought of Sam. 
Out of nowhere someone grabbed her from behind. Before she could react, a hand holding a cloth clamped over her mouth and nose. She tried to scream but the sound was muffled by the rag. She tried to fight her attacker, but he was too strong. A sweet scent filled her nostrils and the world swam before her eyes. Wilson held her tight against him, until her struggling body went limp.
For a skinny man, Wilson was surprisingly strong. When Linda’s body slumped in his arms, he scooped her up, and carried her into the house that acted as his hiding place. Once inside, he laid her on the floor and rushed over to a window. He peered outside to see if anybody saw him, but there was no movement. No one came for her, not yet anyway. 
He didn’t know how long it would take before they started searching for her, so he wasted no time. Wilson placed her in the hiding place he prepared and removed all evidence that someone was there. With one last glance through the room, and satisfied that nothing would alert anybody off their presence, he slid into the space next to Linda, and lowered the floorboards in place.

*****

Janine expected Linda, and when she didn’t return by sunset, she drove to Fay’s house. Fay informed her that her sister left hours before, which left Janine puzzled and worried. She considered that Linda changed her mind and went back to the farm, but instantly knew she wouldn’t have left without informing her. Janine’s police instincts kicked in. Something made her feel uncomfortable. She drove to her old office and asked Frank if he approved an escort for Linda. When he said he didn’t, the sick feeling in her stomach got worse. 
“Frank, she visited Fay, but left hours ago. Now there’s no sign of her,” she said. 
Not liking the sound of it, Frank gathered every free squad he could find. He divided them into groups, and then they started their search. After an hour it became clear the situation was serious. Linda didn’t simply stroll around town. She was nowhere to be found. The citizens of White River all joined the search, showing Linda’s importance to the town. They started at Fay’s side of town, and searched every building and every possible hiding place. Because Frank suspected foul play, every search group was armed and searched with care.
Wilson heard the people approach and listened while they searched the house next door. He grabbed his pistol and pulled the unconscious Linda closer to him, his free hand ready to clamp over her mouth at the slightest hint of movement. Heavy boots thudded when someone hit the wooden steps. He followed their path up the steps, across the porch to the front door. No doors were locked in White River, so the person turned the knob and opened the door. From the heavy footfalls he knew a big person led the search party into the room. In comparison, the other footsteps were feather light.
Through the cracks in the floorboards he could see flashlights and counted six pairs of footsteps. He listened as they divided and searched every room in the house. He kept his ears open for any sign that their presence was detected, but there were no sudden excited voices, only the same worried ones. 
“There’s nothing here Fritz,” a woman said.
A man in a deep voice with a strange accent answered, “I don’t see anything either. Let’s move to the next one.” 
Wilson listened as the search party entered the next house, and heard people all over the neighborhood calling Linda’s name. As the night dragged on, the sounds of the search parties grew fainter as the search moved to the other side of town.
Satisfied that it was safe, Wilson moved the floor boards to the side, and climbed from the hiding place. His body stiff from the long period of inactivity, he stretched his muscles to get them working again. He moved to the window and peered into the darkness. In the distance, beams of lights streaked through the night as the search continued. It was his best opportunity to make his escape, and he retrieved Linda from the hole. He placed her on the floor, and she stirred. He took out his little bottle, and sprinkled a few drops of the sweet smelling chloroform onto the cloth, and held it over her mouth and nose. Once more, Linda drifted into unconsciousness.
With little effort, he picked Linda from the floor and swung her over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes. He didn’t want to risk anyone seeing him exit via the front, so he made his way to the back door. He slid the door open, peeked outside and slipped into the yard. His escape route was mapped out in his head, and he followed the path. 
With most of the town’s citizens and guards involved in the search, it left enough holes in the security net for him to slip through unnoticed. When he reached the top of the hill outside town, he turned back and could see the ongoing search effort, but no sign of pursuit.
He hid his vehicle a kilometer outside town behind a clump of rocks. When he reached the small car, he was out of breath, and his muscles strained under the load. He dumped Linda on the back seat while he stood with his hands on his knees, trying to catch his breath. There was a time in his life when the man in black worked out every day and was in peak physical condition, but the last few years was not as good as it used to be. 
Once he got his breathing under control, he checked on his hostage, and then took off for Dumas. He selected the small car because he knew he could make a quiet get away, although he didn’t figure on carrying any passengers. The trip back was a lengthy one. He had to take the long way around and made sure to cover his tracks. Pieces of old tarp were tied behind the back of the car to wipe the car’s tracks. At every turnoff he took extra care to remove evidence that someone passed through there.
The sun touched the horizon in the west when he brought the vehicle to a stop in front of the police station in Dumas. Wilson was tired, and in desperate need of sleep. He planned to get some the moment he took care of his prisoner. Mick looked up from his desk when Wilson walked in carrying a woman. She was wide awake but bound and gagged.
 “What’s this?” Mick asked as he came to his feet. 
Wilson dropped her onto the couch that he normally occupied. “This is our ticket to water.”
Mick eyed him suspiciously, and looked at Linda then swung his gaze back to the man in black. He failed to connect Linda with any means of getting water.
“What makes her so special? Can she turn sand into water or something?” he asked.
Wilson shook his head and had to try hard not to scowl at the big leader. “No, it’s nothing like that. She’s the woman of the leader in White River, and we’re going to trade her for a tanker full of water.” 
Mick frowned, stared at Linda, and then his eyes lit up. “Yeah that will work. How did you get your hands on her?”
Wilson sighed. “Mick, I’ll tell you all about it later. I saw an opportunity and took it, but I have been awake for more than two days and need some sleep. Is the one jail cell still empty?” 
Mick stared at the former assassin for a moment, and noticed that he was in no mood for arguments. He was scared of no man, but would rather not pick a fight with Wilson. The jail cells were located in the basement, and Mick used three of the four cells to store food and other items for his outfit. That the goods were behind lock and key, showed how much he trusted them. He carried the keys in his pocket, and the only time he took them out, was to unlock one of the cells.
He nodded and turned for the stairs. Wilson grabbed Linda and carried her downstairs. Mick unlocked the steel door and threw it open while Wilson unceremoniously dumped her on the cot. Nothing but a thin mattress covered the bed. He untied her hands and ripped the piece of duct tape from her mouth. 
He stared at her for a moment, waiting for her to say something. Linda rubbed her wrists and avoided eye contact with him. 
He smirked. “I hope your man and the people of your little town like you enough to trade you for water.” 
He gave a short laugh that sounded like someone strangled a lion. When she ignored him, he turned to leave.
“I guess we’ll find out tomorrow morning when I go see them,” he said.
On the opposite side of the cell block, high against the wall was a small window. It was nearly dark and no other light in the cell. Linda watched as the last light faded away. When it was completely dark and no one could see, soft sobs escaped her lips and tears rolled down her cheeks. She didn’t fear for her life, because she was more valuable alive than dead. But what she feared more than death was that she might never see Sam again.

Chapter 29

Sam arrived in town only a few minutes after Nick and Jake. As became customary, the first stop he made when he returned was the Commander’s office. You had to report back, and gave a debriefing of your mission or scout trip. Eager to get that done, Sam wanted to find Linda and head back to the farm. It was not quite noon yet, and he was impatient to see her. He wanted to show her the chickens, and he missed her. Sam and his escort came to a halt opposite the Command Centre building, which was quite crowded. At the bottom of the steps, Nick and Jake talked to Frank, and he walked over to them.
The look on the other men’s faces wiped the smile of his. They all look worried, and anxious, even angry. 
Sam wasted no time. “What happened?” 
Avoiding Sam’s eyes, Nick and Jake looked down while Frank shuffled his feet uncomfortably.
“It is Linda. She’s missing,” Frank said. 
Sam’s sun-tanned face turned pale, and although scorching hot, his skin felt like someone dumped a bucket of ice water over him. 
“What do you mean, she’s missing?” he asked. His was voice soft, but with an underlying menace.
Frank swallowed. “She went to visit Fay, and was supposed to sleep over at Janine’s place. When it got close to sunset, Janine started to worry and went looking for her. Fay told her that Linda left hours before, and at first, we thought she went to visit someone else in town. When we couldn’t locate her, we started a full-scale search, but were unable to find her. We searched from one end of town and went through every building and alley, but there is no trace of her. Sam, I’m sorry, but I don’t know what to do.”
Sam stood there for a few moments, his brain slow or unwilling to process the information. It was as if someone had destroyed his foundation, and his whole existence wobbled. 
With a shaky voice he asked, “Where’s Janine?” 
Frank pointed towards the other side of town. “When it was light enough, she started to investigate the route Linda would have taken from Fay’s house to her house. We wanted to help, but she chased everyone away, saying we’re contaminating the crime scene.” 
Sam nodded, and walked in that direction. 
“Can I give you a lift?” Jake asked.
Sam shook his head. “No, I need to walk so I can think.”
Once away from the others, he cut a lonely figure walking down the empty streets. He tried hard to concentrate on what could have happened to her, rather than his loss. When he turned into the street where Fay stayed, he was no closer to an answer. Janine stood in the middle of the street with her hands on her hips. Her denims dusty and her yellow T-shirt soaked with sweat. She heard the footsteps behind her, and swung around, ready to scold whoever dared to approach. When she saw Sam, her whole demeanor changed. The strong exterior broke down, and she ran forward into his arms.
“Oh Sam, I’m so glad you’re back,” she said.
For the first time since she started her search for Linda, she allowed herself to cry. Her sobs shook her entire body, and Sam clung to her, but didn’t try to stop her. He allowed her time to get it out. 
When the sobs subsided, he gently stroked the back of her head. “Don’t worry, we’ll find her.”
She let go and took a step back. In her eyes was a fire he never saw before.
“Yes we will, and the bastards who took her will pay for it,” she said. 
He looked at Fay’s house and then down the street. “Any idea yet as to what happened?”
Janine sighed and shook her head. “Unfortunately not, but I’m sure she was abducted. If something else happened to her, we would’ve found her by now. There’s no way she would leave the safety of the town on her own. The only other conclusion is that someone snuck into town and took her.” 
Sam stared at the anger on Janine’s face, and could feel his own anger rise, but he knew he had to stay calm. If they were to find Linda, they had to keep their minds calm and clear.
“Do you think it’s possible for someone to sneak in without any of our security forces spotting them?” he asked. 
She nodded. “I thought about it already. For a group or someone in a vehicle, it would be almost impossible. Even on foot they probably will be caught. But one man who knows what he’s doing, can quite easily sneak past the guards. Take Ray for instance, he can do it in daylight without anybody seeing him. In the dark of night, there is no way someone will spot him. He can move through the whole town, and we will not know it.”
 “But why Linda?” Sam asked. 
Janine shrugged her shoulders. “It might have been by chance, but I’m starting to doubt that. I think she was taken for a specific purpose.”
Sam saw the light in her eyes.
“Raiders!” she said. “They know you are the town’s leader, and if they wanted to grab someone to trade for water, who better than Linda. If someone sneaked into town, did a little spying, and saw you and Linda together, they would know how valuable she is.”
Janine walked back and forth while she talked, putting the pieces together. “It all makes sense now. Terry stole back the food they would trade, so they had to come up with another plan. Being bastards, they took Linda hostage to trade her for water.”
Sam frowned and stared at Fay’s house again. “If someone wanted to grab her specifically, he watched her. He would have seen her enter Fay’s house, and waited for her to come out again. That means he probably hid in one of the empty houses nearby.”
Janine stopped, and looked at the houses. Only eight were in the right position and two of those were occupied.
 “I think you’re right. Let’s start with the houses on the left. If he was there, I’m sure he would have left a sign,” she said. 
They went through house by house, searching every room before moving on to the next.
When they reached the white and gray house with the white railings and the steps leading up to the porch, they entered the house like all the others. Sam pushed the front door open and walked in first. The difference caught his eye immediately.
“What’s wrong?” Janine asked.
Sam shook his head. “This floor is different from the other houses.”
 Janine frowned, and looked at the floor. Then she realized what Sam meant.  “You’re right. There’s no dust. All the other floors were dusty, leaving marks. This one was cleaned so that someone wouldn’t leave any foot prints!”
Sam stepped into the living room, and immediately the hole caught his eye.
“Janine, in here!” he called, and she came running. 
When she entered the living room, she saw him on his knees by the hole in the floor. The boards were carefully removed, and the blanket still where the raider left it. 
“This is where he kept her until it was safe to flee,” Sam said, his voice sad but with a hint of anger. 
Linda sniffed the air. “Do you smell that?”
Sam frowned, and sniffed too. “Yes, there’s a faint sweet smell. What is it?”
An angry look flashed over Janine’s face. “It’s chloroform. He drugged Linda with chloroform, and then hid her in here. When we did a house-to-house sweep, everyone searched for a body, or a person. They wouldn’t have thought to look for a hiding place like this. Whoever did this is no amateur. He knows what he’s doing.”
They stepped onto the porch and Sam looked up and down the street. “But how did he get her out? The town swarmed with people.”
Janine scratched her head. “We searched this part of town first, and then moved over to the newer section. He probably waited till we were busy on the other side of town. With almost everyone part of the search party, there would have been less guards and patrols, making it easier to sneak through. Even with carrying Linda, it wouldn’t have been too difficult.” 
Sam’s shoulders slumped a little, and he sighed. “That means there’s not much we can do until they make contact. I doubt they’ll harm her, because dead, she would be worth nothing.” 
They reported their findings to Frank and the rest. There was a lot of anger in the group. Nick and Jake were ready to lead a rescue party to Dumas, but Sam stopped them. He was sure they would make contact to trade her for water, and he didn’t want to jeopardize any chance to get her back safely. Reluctantly, the others agreed.
Sam could not face the farm without Linda, so he stayed in town. Janine offered him a couch to sleep on, which he gratefully accepted. The town haven’t yet recovered from the shock of Linda’s disappearance, and everywhere people huddled in groups discussing it. With the drama that hit Sam the moment he returned, he didn’t even notice that Terry returned with Nick and Jake. The chickens were forgotten, but Frank sent them to the farm with Chester. He gave instructions to build them a temporary shelter until Sam and Linda could take care of them.
Sam had a restless night and could not get comfortable on the couch. Around midnight he stopped trying. He stood in front of the big window in the living room when Janine walked through to the kitchen, carrying a small oil lantern. 
“I see you can’t sleep either,” he said, and joined her in the kitchen. 
She placed the lantern on the edge of a kitchen cabinet and filled a kettle with enough water for two cups. She fired up a burner on the gas stove and placed the kettle over the flames. Sam took a seat by the table, and Janine joined him at the opposite end.
Janine stared at Sam, who was lost in the flames of the stove. “Even in the dire circumstances we live in these days, I’ve never seen my sister as happy as she had been these last few months. I haven’t had a chance to thank you for that, so, thank you.”
Sam looked at her. Shadows danced over her face in the flicker of the flames from the lantern. 
He swallowed hard. “She’s an easy person to love. I don’t even know where I would’ve been if it wasn’t for her.” 
“She always had an eye for strays. In most cases, it caused her more trouble than she deserved. You brought her peace and happiness and gave her life purpose,” Janine said.
Sam stared at the flames again. “From the first moment I saw her in the hospital, I was drawn to her. In the beginning, I thought it was the train whistle that called me to this town. As I got to know her, I realized it was her. Without her, I would be drifting around aimlessly, without a purpose. She anchors my existence, and together we’re a force to be reckoned with.” 
“You two sure make a great team,” Janine said. 
“Yes we do. Together we can take anything that comes our way,” he said.
Janine fixed them each a cup of coffee, which they sipped in silence. Eventually Janine put her mug on the table.
“Sam, do you think she’ll be okay?” she asked.
Sam nodded. “I promise you, we’ll find her, and when we do, I’ll find out who took her, and I’ll make them pay. They will not get away with this. Earth is not big enough to hide from me.” 
Janine flinched at the sudden venom in his voice. His eyes lost all emotion, and his face was set in stone. For a moment she almost felt sorry for Linda’s captors. Almost, but not quite, because she knew, whatever they had coming to them, they deserved every bit of it.

Chapter 30

Sam stood on the porch of Janine’s house, his eyes bloodshot from worry and lack of sleep. Every time he closed his eyes and drifted off, there were only nightmares. Linda was in peril, and until she was safely home, there would be no rest.
The eastern horizon gradually turned from black to a bright orange glow. The sun approached to bathe the earth in daylight and warmth, promising another scorching day without a cloud in the sky. Another day without Linda by his side, and Sam felt lost, incomplete, like he was missing a limb.
He cared for Linda, and fell in love with her. But he never realized how much he loved her, until she was not there. She formed part of his being and her presence completed him. But now she was gone, in the hands of savages who had no regard for human life. 
The thought filled Sam with anger and fear, and he hated feeling helpless. His past was a dark veil that hung in the back of his mind, but she was his future, his light that shone brightly. If that light would be extinguished, only darkness would be left. He sank to his knees. His emotions boiled over, and tears rolled down his face.
That was how Janine found him, and the sight shocked her. She was not prepared for that. Sam was the strong one, the rock of their community, but his weakness was exposed, and he allowed himself that moment. Janine felt like an intruder. She witnessed a private moment, a moment in which she saw a side of Sam that few people would ever have the privilege to see. He looked up at her and the tears continued to flow. The first rays of sun hit his face, and each tear drop told its own story. He made no excuses, no attempt to hide his sorrow.
Janine sank to her knees next to him. She understood his pain, a pain she shared. She placed a hand on his shoulder, while her own tears rolled down her cheeks. He looked into her unguarded eyes, and saw the sorrow that was mirrored in his own. Sam slipped his arms around her, and wordlessly they clung to each other. One drew strength from the other. They stayed in the embrace until both their tears stopped, until both their thoughts calmed and cleared. When they finally broke apart, he helped her to her feet, and neither said a word. It was a moment they shared that would never be mentioned again.
They both went inside to wash up, and when the young messenger boy arrived to deliver the message that the Commander wanted to see them, there were no signs of tears left. In the corners of their eyes there were still a hint of sorrow, but the majority was replaced with anger and determination. Sam and Janine picked up their hats and rifles. They simply looked at each other, nodded and walked out of the house.
Nick, Jake and Terry were over at the counter in deep discussion when Sam and Janine entered the office. Edward and Nathan were with Frank at the big oak table looking at the map that was spread out on the table top. Ray sat in the corner, out of the way, inconspicuous as always. 
Frank looked up when Sam and Janine entered.
“Ah, there you are,” he said and waved them closer to the table.
“We spent most of the night trying to figure out how to get Linda back. We came to the conclusion that it was definitely the raiders that took her. As you know, for the past few months the only raiders we encountered was around Star City. Thanks to Terry, we have learned that those raiders are holed up in Dumas.”
Sam and Janine looked at each other. It was the same conclusion they reached.
“That was our thoughts too. We think that since Terry stole the food back, they’re desperate for water. They probably sent a spy here, he saw Linda and me together, and figured that was the best way for them to get their hands on some water,” Sam said.
 “Yes, that’s about the same thought we have,” Frank said. 
He took a deep breath. “The million dollar question is now, how will we rescue her?”
Sam and Janine looked at each other. She knew what the answer must be, and she gave him a slight nod of her head.
“We’re not,” Sam said. 
The other’s all whipped their heads around, disbelief on their faces. Sam held up a hand when they started to protest in one voice. “They want water, and I’m sure they won’t harm Linda. She’s of no use to them dead. I suspect we’ll get a ransom demand from them soon. When that happens, we’ll trade the water for Linda, and once we have her back safe and sound …” 
Sam paused and looked around the room, his jaw set in stone, his eyes deadly. His focus stopped on Terry, and he held his gaze for a moment.
His voice was filled with venom.  “… then we move in and wipe that nest of roaches from the face of this earth.” 
  Frank frowned at the hate in Sam’s voice, surprised at the ferocious tone. Frank always prided himself as a good judge of character, and has long thought Sam to be a good man. He was also a dangerous man to those who crossed him, but it seemed he underestimated exactly how dangerous. 
Sam held Terry’s gaze, and Terry knew that as another who held a grudge against the raiders, Sam wanted his approval. He simply nodded in acceptance. 
Sam swung his eyes back to Frank. “I already sent Ernie and Chester to fill a tanker so we can have it on hand when they come to make their demands.”
Frank frowned, but the look in Sam’s eyes said that he was in no mood for arguments. Until the situation with Linda was resolved, Frank would be a passenger in Sam’s plans. He had to concentrate on the safety of the town and the farm, while Sam’s thoughts were occupied with Linda. Frank had to work his own plans around whatever Sam planned. 
They were all still gathered around the table discussing various options, when they heard a crunching sound outside. Another young messenger boy arrived on his bicycle, locking his back brakes and slid to a halt. Before the bicycle came to a full stop, the boy was off, and ran up the steps.
The youth crashed through the door, his voice filled with excitement. “Sam, there’s a man at the southern barricade demanding to speak with you.”
Sam looked at Janine. The moment they waited for had arrived. The group rushed out of the building. Sam and Janine left in her pickup, while the others piled into Nick’s. Two women crossing the street, hurried out of the way when the trucks raced to the barricade. Their truck came to a halt in a cloud of dust. Sam was out and walked around the bus that blocked the entrance to the town before Janine even brought her truck to a complete stop. She jumped out and rushed after him.
Wilson sat nonchalantly on a green motor bike while he waited for Sam to arrive. When he saw the object of his patience approaching, he swung his leg over and stared at the man that walked toward him. In his line of work he had learned to size up his enemy quickly. When he caught a glimpse of Sam before in the town, he thought him just another man. What he saw walking toward him, set alarm bells going off in the back of his mind.
Mick led him to believe that they dealt with a bunch of hicks, but in that instant, he knew Mick’s perspective was way off the mark. Sam stopped five meters from the man, not daring to get any closer. It would be a strain keeping from killing the man dressed all in black. It wouldn’t take much to rip him apart with his bare hands, so he preferred to keep some distance between them.
“I’m Sam,” he said. 
He sized up the thin man standing in front of him. The black garb made him seem even leaner, and the sneer on his face twisted his features. Sam knew instinctively that the man was a born killer with no conscience. 
“I know, and by now I’m sure that you’re aware that we captured Linda,” Wilson said. 
He waited until Sam nodded in confirmation.
“If you want her returned safely and in one piece, it will cost you a tanker of water,” he said.
Sam stared at the man for a moment, his eyes set in stone, fighting the urge to jump forward and strangle the man to death. But he knew, for Linda’s sake, he had to keep control.
“How do you want to do this?” Sam asked through clenched teeth. 
“There are some abandoned buildings fifteen kilometers south of here with two large long buildings of the same length next to each other. They’re distinct so you can’t miss them. I’ll meet you there at noon tomorrow, and then we can do the trade. You better be alone, because if I see anybody else, I won’t hesitate to put a bullet in her head.” 
Sam frowned. The casual way the man said it made him uncomfortable. “How do I know she’s still alive?”
Wilson smirked. “Well, I suppose you’ll have to take my word for it.” 
Sam didn’t like it, but he had to go along with Wilson’s request.
He turned toward Janine, who stood a few steps behind him.
“Do you know this place?” he asked. 
Janine nodded, and Sam turned his eyes back toward Wilson. The man reminded him of a snake, a very dangerous snake.
“See you tomorrow at noon then,” he said. 
Wilson grinned, mounted the bike, and pressed the starter button. The machine hummed to life. Without another word, he swung the bike around and took off in a southerly direction. Sam watched the man disappear into the distance. 
He turned and looked at Janine. “That man knows what he’s doing. He knows that being on a motor cycle, we’ll have no chance to follow or track him. If they’re still hiding out in Dumas, he took a lot of trouble to make us think he’s from somewhere else. That means they think we have no idea who they are or where they come from.”
Nick, Jake and Terry joined them where they stared at the departing dust.
“Did you hear everything?” Sam asked. 
Nick nodded, and asked Terry, “Do you recognize him?” 
Terry shook his head affirmatively. “Yes, he was definitely there. I saw him with the others the night I stole the truck. He always kept to the back while the big bearded man did the talking, so I guess he’s one of the hired help. My guess is he’s more dangerous than any of them.” 
“Yes, that would be my guess too. From what I have learned about their leader, I would say this man in black was the brains behind Linda’s abduction,” Sam said. 
Terry agreed. “Yes, that bearded man is more brawn than brains.”
Sam stared into the distance where the dust clouds from Wilson’s departure drifted on the wind. 
Janine put a hand on his shoulder. “Sam, do you think we can trust that man?” 
Sam sighed. “No, but at the moment we don’t have a choice. We have to do what they want, and until we have Linda back safely, our hands are tied.”
Janine grunted in disgust. “I don’t like the sound of that.” 
Sam looked down into her troubled blue eyes. “I don’t like it either, not one little bit.”

Chapter 31

Sam stood outside the barricade and stared down the road going south.  To his left, the sun crept over the horizon, oblivious to the drama playing out in his life. In the relatively cool early morning air, he didn’t wear his hat yet. The breeze tugged at strands of his blond hair, but he didn’t notice. His mind was with Linda, and he sensed her fear. He reached out, wanting to tell her that everything would be alright, but as he lifted his arm, the wisp of her mirage disappeared. With a heavy sigh, he let his arm drop.
The previous afternoon, soon after the man in black left, Janine escorted him to their meeting place. The man chose the spot well. You could see a fair distance in all directions. Janine informed him that once the road used to be flanked by a forest. Most of the trees burned in one of the many fires that plagued the area since the drought started. A few tree skeletons remained, the only reminder of what used to be. Without the trees, and with the area relatively flat, it offered no cover.
Nick proposed that they should set up an ambush, but Sam took no risks with Linda’s life. If it took a mere tanker of water to ensure her safe return, he would go along with it, at least until she was back to safety. The tanker was filled and parked just inside the barricade, ready to go. Frank wanted to send at least six squads to escort them, but Sam selected only three. Nick and Jake were obvious choices but to everyone’s surprise, he selected Janine. Sam knew he couldn’t keep her from joining the mission, and he had no intention of trying anyway. Linda was her sister, and she had as much at stake as he did.
Light footsteps alerted him to Janine’s presence. She approached looking as ragged as he did. Neither of them had much sleep since Linda’s abduction, and their bloodshot eyes were a dead giveaway. 
“Andy prepared us an early meal as we won’t be here for brunch,” she said.
He shook his head. “I’m not hungry.” 
Janine sighed. “Neither am I, but we won’t be able to help Linda if we pass out from hunger. We need to keep our strength to ensure we stay strong.” 
Her voice pleaded, and Sam looked at her tired face, the sorrow in her eyes. He nodded, and followed her to the mess hall.
By ten o’clock they were loaded and ready to leave. Frank came to send them off, and to make sure all last-minute preparations were done.
“You all be careful, and make sure you keep your eyes wide open,” he said.
Sam simply nodded before he put the truck in gear and pulled away, leading the convoy with the water tanker. His shirt already soaked with sweat from the heat, and the tanker had no air conditioning. All the windows were rolled down and the warm wind blew through the cab. A kilometer and a half from the meeting place, on top of a small rise, Sam pulled the tanker to the side of the road.
Sam waited till Nick pulled up next to him. “I think this is about as close as we dare. From here I’ll go alone. You can see the buildings in the distance.”
Nick took his binoculars from their protective case, and climbed on to the roof of his pickup truck. He scanned the area and had to admit, Sam was right. He could see the buildings from there, shimmering through the heat haze, but there was no movement. 
He lowered the binoculars. “I don’t trust that snake, so be careful. At the first sign of trouble we’ll be there in a few minutes.”
Sam looked around to where Janine waited in her vehicle, and she gave him a thumbs-up. He nodded, pulled himself into the driver’s seat of the tanker, and took off toward the designated exchange point. When he approached the turn off, he slowed the vehicle. A narrow dirt road led to the two, long rectangular buildings. He made the turn and drove slowly along the road, scanning the area for any sign of activity, but the place was deserted, no sound, and no movement. He swung the truck around and parked in front of the buildings, with the nose of the truck pointed back toward the main road.
He switched off the engine and stepped out of the truck, his eyes and ears scanning the area. The whistling of the wind around the buildings the only sound he heard. He was early, and it seemed the raiders were not there yet. Sam had no doubt, the man in black would not show up alone, and he felt exposed. Nick and Jake protested, but he left his rifle in Nick’s truck. Alone and unarmed, Sam climbed on top of the tanker and stared at where Nick and the others waited. He barely spotted them in the distance, but reassured by the knowledge that they were there. Sam turned his head and looked to where he expected the raiders to approach from, but nothing yet.
He hopped down and leaned with his back against the front of the tanker. Sam pushed his hat back, closed his eyes, and let the hot sun soak his face. After a deep breath, he tried to steady his heartbeat, which raced along in anticipation. Slowly a calm presence washed over him, his heart rate slowed down, and his mind cleared. 
He opened his eyes, and light flooded his vision. Sam blinked a few times and it cleared. The dirt path leading back to the main road filled his sight, and he looked at the tracks the tanker made. Freshly printed tire threads in the loose sand. His heart skipped a beat. There was another set of tracks, and it was fresh.
An ice-cold sensation washed over him as he realized his mistake. They were already there! Sam pushed away from the tanker, and his eyes followed the path of the other tracks, which led around the buildings. He took two steps forward to follow the tracks when he noticed movement in his peripheral vision. 
At the edge of the far building, the man in black leaned against the structure, his hands hanging by his side. He had a holstered pistol on his hip, ready for instant action. Sam stopped and stared at him. Wilson pushed away and walked toward him, an ugly, satisfying grin on his face. Behind him four men appeared, all armed with rifles aimed at Sam. 
Sam’s eyes narrowed, alarm bells going off in his head. The band of raiders came to a halt five meters from him.
“I see you brought the tanker. Mind if we check the water?” Wilson asked. 
Sam nodded and Wilson tilted his head to one of the raiders, a young man with blond hair and an innocent looking face. Walking over to the tanker, the youth rested his rifle against one of the back wheels, and climbed to the top. He lifted the access hatch and his eyes widened at the sight of the clear, life-giving liquid. 
The young man laughed and said, “It’s filled to the brim.”
Sam didn’t take his eyes off Wilson, and the sly grin on his face. “I’ve kept my part of the deal, now where’s Linda?” His voice was more anxious than he intended. 
Before Wilson answered, Sam heard the dull thud of footsteps, and five more raiders walked toward them, armed and dirty. 
One with a filthy beard and a few broken teeth said, “He came alone. His escort is about two kilometers back.” 
Wilson nodded and looked satisfied. “She’s safe, and will stay that way as long as you don’t do anything stupid.”
Sam frowned, his anger rising. “The deal was a tanker of water for her, now where is she?”
Wilson shook his head. “Our leader decided she’s worth much more than one tanker of water. We’ll let you know what the rest of our demands are for the final trade, and where it will happen.” 
Sam’s anger boiled over. The raiders had no intention of returning Linda, and they would milk the situation for as much as they could. He should have known not to trust the scum, for all he knew, Linda was already dead.
The smile disappeared from Wilson’s face. He looked into Sam’s eyes, and saw the hatred and anger that was directed at him. Wilson was not a man who scared easily, but in that moment, fear washed over him. But he was too late to react. 
Sam’s anger turned to rage, and with a roar of fury, he jumped forward. His fist slammed into the center of Wilson’s face before the thin man could even move a muscle. Stars exploded in front of the raider’s eyes, and he crashed to the ground. Wilson tried to jump back to his feet, wanted to defend himself, but his body refused to follow the commands from his brain.
Sam clubbed two more raiders to the ground before they even knew what hit them. The broken tooth raider reacted first, and lifted a rifle to his shoulder. He took aim at Sam, and squeezed the trigger. Sam saw it coming, grabbed the arm of another raider, and yanked the man into the path of the projectile. The body of the raider jerked as the bullet slammed into his chest and pierced his heart. 
The lifeless body dropped to the ground, and before Broken Teeth could work the lever and fire again, Sam jumped forward and into the air. He came down and wrapped his arms around the raider’s head. His downward movement snapped the raider’s neck with a loud crack. Sam let go, and the limp corpse sagged to the ground.
Sam grabbed the raider’s fallen rifle before it hit the ground, and rotated. With not enough time to reload, he grabbed the weapon by the barrel and swung it like a club. The butt of the rifle connected with the side of another raider’s head, splitting it open, and the man crashed to the ground. 
One raider fired at Sam, but in his panic, he missed his mark, and hit one of his fellow raiders in the head. Sam swung the weapon again, hitting another raider in the throat, crushing his wind pipe. The guy collapsed to the ground clutching his neck, trying to draw air that never came.
Another shot rang out, and the bullet slammed into his shoulder with such force, that it yanked Sam off his feet. His body hit the ground, but he was unable to hold on to the rifle. The weapon dropped to the sand, and he grabbed at the wound. Two other raiders were ready to shoot a defenseless Sam. 
“Stop! Don’t kill him. We need him alive!” Wilson shouted. 
Still groggy, he struggled back to his feet. Two others grabbed Wilson’s arms and held him upright. He took a deep breath and steadied himself. 
“Get the vehicles. We have to get out of here!” Wilson shouted to the others.
They turned and sprinted for their trucks. Still unsteady on his feet, he walked over to Sam. “If we see anybody following us, she’s dead.”
He jumped into the tanker, and they took off in a cloud of dust. The other four raiders followed Wilson in two pickup trucks. Sam knew Nick and the others were on their way. He staggered to his feet and ran toward the main road. Janine’s truck approached first. 
Sam staggered onto the road, covered in blood, and swinging his good arm. She slammed on the brakes and the truck slid to a halt on the loose sand. Janine stopped near Sam, jumped out of the truck, and ran to him as he dropped to his knees.
Sam looked at her and said, “Don’t follow them, or they’ll kill her!”

Chapter 32

Janine instantly understood what was at stake. She jumped up and ran into the street. She waved her arms at the oncoming vehicles, motioning for them to stop. When Nick and Jake came to a halt, she turned, and ran back to Sam, stretched out on the hot, sand-covered asphalt road. She looked toward the buildings, five motionless bodies spread out in the bright sunlight. 
“Sam, what happened?” Janine asked.
She ripped his T-shirt away to inspect his wound. Blood gushed through the small bullet hole. She checked, and sighed in relief at the sight of the exit wound. 
Sam swallowed hard, his speech labored. “We were double crossed. They now want more than just the one tanker. He said they will contact us with further instructions.”
Nick and Jake scowled, and then looked at the bodies sprawled out in the dirt 
“At least you got a few of them,” Nick said.
“And that without a weapon,” Jake added, sounding impressed. 
Sam didn’t answer, he couldn’t. A wave of black washed over him, and he lost consciousness. 
“The bullet went right through him. I don’t think it hit any vital organs, but it’s still bleeding. We need to get him to Doc Percy immediately, before he bleeds to death,” Janine shouted.
 Nick and Jake didn’t need any more encouragement. They called two others. Together they gently lifted Sam, and loaded him on to the back of Jake’s pickup truck.
Janine instructed one of her squad to drive her truck and she jumped on the back with Sam. Trying to stem the flow of blood, she pressed his torn of T-shirt into the wound. His normal sun tanned face pale, but she felt the rhythmic movement of his chest.
“Hang on Sam. We’ll get you to Doc soon. Just hang on,” she pleaded.
 Jake didn’t care about concealment or how much dust the trucks kicked up, he kept the gas pedal to the floor racing back to town. Nick and the others followed closely behind.
Chester and his squad were on duty at the southern barricade. He saw the dust of the approaching vehicles long before the trucks. Whoever it was, they came fast. They were about five hundred meters out, and closing in quickly, when he recognized Jake’s truck in the lead. He knew there was trouble and shouted for somebody to move the bus. 
Jake approached the barricade and slowed down, but the bus moved, and he raced past, straight on to the hospital. Jake drove around to the hospital’s entrance, continuously blowing the truck’s horn.
When the vehicle came to a halt at the emergency entrance next to the main doors, Doc Percy came running. 
He took one glance at Sam and scowled. “Take him to the emergency room!” 
He ran inside, grabbed a gurney, and pushed it to the truck. Jake and two others, who rode on the back of the truck with Janine, lifted Sam, and moved him over to the gurney. Jake didn’t bother with the straps and pushed Sam inside. Fay and another nurse ran to assist the doctor. He ordered everyone but the hospital staff out of the emergency room.
Janine stared at her bloodied hands. For the first time since she found Sam in the road did she have time to think about what transpired, and then realization hit her. By now, she expected her sister back safely, but instead they still had her, and Doc was fighting for Sam’s life. 
She ran to the bathroom to wash the blood off her hands, and to hide her tears from the others. Her mother died when Linda was only a baby, and she looked out for her sister ever since. She was always there for her. Even through Linda’s wild streak when things went wrong, she was there to pick up the pieces.
But in the current situation she felt helpless, and there’s nothing she could do. The one man she trusted to get Linda back safely was at death’s door in the emergency room. She poured water from a pitcher over her hands, squirted liquid soap into the palm of her hand, and began scrubbing the blood away. 
Her feelings for Sam took her by surprise, the stranger with no memory. She cared much more for him than she would admit to anyone. The last few days brought them even closer together, and she knew, if he survived, they would always share a special bond. A special kind of love developed between them, the love a family shares.
Janine was still in the bathroom when Frank Hurley entered the hospital. Nick and Jake paced near the entrance.
“What happened?” the Commander asked. 
Nick pulled up his shoulders, anger still in his eyes. “I’m not sure. Sam took the tanker as arranged, and we waited back as to not raise suspicions. Something must have gone wrong with the trade, because next thing, we hear shooting. We jumped in the trucks and raced to help. When we got there, Sam was shot in the chest, lying in the street while the raiders raced away. We wanted to follow, but Janine stopped us. Sam told her they would kill Linda if we followed.”
“Sam must have put up a hell of a fight, because there were five dead raiders by the time we got to the scene,” Jake added. 
Frank raised his eyebrows.
“And he did it with his bare hands. Remind me never to make him angry, or kidnap his girlfriend,” Nick said.
Frank shook his head in disbelief. “What did you do with the dead raiders?”
Nick brushed a hand over his hair. “We left them there. We wanted to get Sam to the hospital and didn’t even give them a second thought.”
Frank nodded. “No worries, I’ll send out a squad to take care of them.”
They still discussed the incident when Janine emerged from the bathroom. Her hands were clean, but Sam’s blood was still all over her clothes. Her eyes were red, but she held her head high with a look of determination on her face. Before he could say anything, the door to the emergency ward swung open and Doc stepped into the entrance hall.
“Sam will be fine. The bullet went through his shoulder, but missed anything vital. I stopped the bleeding, so he just needs some rest,” he informed them. 
Janine and everyone else present sighed with relief. 
“When can I see him Doc?” Janine asked. 
Doc eyed them. “He’s awake, but I don’t want any of you to go in and upset him.” 
He looked at their faces and sighed. “Ok, but only two of you. This is still a hospital, so behave accordingly.”
Janine was already on her way to the door.
Before Nick and Jake could move, Frank said, “You boys wait here. I want a quick word with Sam.”
Propped up with pillows, Sam stared through the window of the recovery room. His shoulder heavily bandaged, and a drip in his left arm. Before Fay moved Sam to the recovery ward, she cleaned all the blood from him. Janine had to admit, he looked a lot better. The head of his bed was slightly raised, and he looked over when Janine entered. 
“Glad you’re still in the land of the living,” she said.
Frank pushed in behind her. “It is not easy to get rid of weed, but she’s right, it’s good to see you alive.”
The color returned, but Sam’s face remained stern. The smile vanished from Janine’s face when she looked into his eyes. His look was cold and vicious. 
She walked over to his bed, and took his hand. “Sam, what happened out there?”
Sam stared at her for a few moments, and then told them what happened at the exchange point. His voice emotionless and it stayed that way even when he told them how he killed the raiders. Janine was close to tears when he finished.
“Do you think Linda is dead?” she asked.
She swallowed hard, almost too scared to hear the answer.
He looked into her eyes and said softly, “No, they know we won’t give them anything else without proof that she’s alive, but I don’t know for how long.” 
Sam swung his eyes to Frank. “You were right. We should’ve rescued her by force. We have to attempt a rescue mission as soon as possible. I’ll be up by tomorrow morning, and then we can start the planning. Send Ray to Dumas to gather information, and to find exactly where they’re holding Linda. But don’t do anything else till I’m up. This time we wipe out that whole nest of vermin!”

*****

      Mick’s face twisted into a satisfying grin when Wilson arrived with the water tanker. They had to use the little water they had sparingly the last few days. On top of it all, the beer was finished and tempers were short. He had to break up more than a few fights. There were still enough food for a few months, but they desperately needed water. That tanker would last them a while.
None of them cared much for bathing, so that wasn’t an issue. They found enough clothes, if the ones they wore got too dirty, they simply threw them away and put some clean ones on. Not that dirty clothes bothered them much anyway. It was only his nephew who changed clothes often.
A frown formed on the big raider’s forehead by the expression on Wilson’s face. The twisted features of the man in black looked even more troubled than normal. His nose set at an awkward angle, and his thin moustache still contained traces of blood. Since he’d known the killer, it was the first time he saw him flustered. 
Wilson walked right past him, saying over his shoulder, “We have to talk,” and disappeared into the building. 
The big man followed him in, Wilson waiting impatiently inside. 
“We made a trade agreement with those people, and with that tanker of water we would have had enough water for at least three months. We can go anywhere, but no, you had to have the clever idea of pushing for more!” Wilson barked. His face twisted with anger.
Mick didn’t like the tone of Wilson’s voice, something went wrong. “What happened to you, and what got you so upset?”
Wilson stared at the bearded raider, his eyes shooting daggers. “You led us all to believe that we’re dealing with a bunch of hicks. I’m telling you now, you made a grave mistake. I’ve been around dangerous people all my life, and that Sam is more dangerous than any of them. He killed five of your men with his bare hands before we even knew what happened. One of the guys shot him, and we managed to escape before he could do more damage!”
Mick stared at the bruised face of the killer. “Is he dead?”
Wilson shook his head. “No, when I left him he was still alive. If I killed him, he couldn’t deliver your message. We grabbed the tanker and high tailed it out of there before his friends were on us.”
Mick frowned. “I hope you covered your tracks and didn’t leave plain sign for them to follow here?” 
Wilson scowled. “I am not stupid, of course we did.”
Mick thought for a moment, and scratched his head. “I don’t know why you’re so worried then. They’ll search the area south, and they could look for years and not find us here. They never met you and have no idea who took the woman.” 
Wilson was still not happy. “Mick, if you’re smart you’ll let the woman go and move us elsewhere. There are plenty of places up north we can go. If you kill her, that man won’t rest until we’re all dead!”
Mick sneered. “I can see you’re afraid, but remember one thing, I run this outfit, and I alone make the decisions. I’m not going to act like a scared little squirrel because of one man!”

Chapter 33

Frank and the rest huddled around the map of Dumas, trying to figure out which access points into the town would be the best. Terry was also present, and since he had firsthand knowledge of the raider setup, gave valuable input. The door opened, and everyone looked in surprise when Sam walked in. 
“Sam, shouldn’t you still be in a hospital bed?” Janine asked, annoyed. 
Sam shook his head. “You sound like Doc Percy, but there will be enough time to rest when Linda is here to take care of me.”
Nobody disagreed, and Sam turned to the group. “So what have we learned so far?”
 Frank tapped a point on the map just north of Dumas. “We dropped Ray off here last night so he could snoop around a bit. I’m sure they will expect trouble coming from the south, so north sounded like a better option.”
Sam nodded. “Ray can sneak through an army. It doesn’t matter where you drop him.”
Terry tapped another point on the map near the center of Dumas. “This is where the police station is located and where I found our food truck. Chances are they’re still there. Ray will confirm it.”
“They probably have Linda locked up in one of the cells,” Janine added.
“Where are the cells located?” Sam asked.
Janine shook her head. “No, sorry, I have never been to Dumas. It appears their building is different from the one here.”
“No problem. I’m sure Ray would locate them without much trouble and confirm if she’s there,” Sam said.
Terry frowned, looking puzzled. “You put much faith in Ray.”
“He proved his worth on our trip to Little Rock, and I trust him,” Sam said.
Nick agreed. “He moves like a ghost and has eyes like a cat.”
Terry shrugged. Sam and Nick had faith in Ray, and that was good enough for him.
Frank tapped an area on the map to the north of the town. “Ray will meet you here tomorrow night. We figured two nights would be enough to gather enough info to plan a move against them.”
Sam nodded. “Great, by then I’ll be in tip-top shape.” 
Janine stared at the bandages underneath his shirt. Sam noticed the expression of doubt on her face.
“Don’t worry, I’m up for the fight,” he said.
Janine knew him well enough to know he wouldn’t change his mind.
“I’m sure, but we must plan this properly, because if we lose as much as one person, my sister will never forgive herself!” she said.
Sam sighed. If someone died in the rescue attempt, she would feel responsible, and no matter what anybody said, nothing would change her mind. “Let’s make sure then that no one dies.”
Nick shook his head. “Yeah, sounds like a good idea. Well, at least none of our people. I won’t mind if a few of them die in the process, and I’m sure neither would Linda.”
Sam stared at them and the expression on his face made them pay attention. “I don’t intend to take prisoners, and we can’t allow any of them to escape. Not only would it be dangerous for our town, but I want to remove the threat from the area permanently. No other citizen needs to die by their hand.”
Nick, Jake and Terry looked at each, and then the friends nodded.
“That’s fine by me,” Terry said. 
He had a score to settle with the raiders for the murder of his family members.
“Terry, we have this under control if you would rather return to the rest of your family.” Sam said.
Terry shook his head, his voice thick with anger. “Sam, if you don’t mind, I would like to see this through.” 
“Very well,” Sam said.
Frank eyed Sam. “Do you plan to take a small group?” 
Sam shook his head. “Not this time Frank. This is not only a rescue mission, but a termination. The more guns we have, the higher our chances of getting through this unscathed.” 
Frank gave a wry smile. “I see you gave this a lot of thought. I’ll leave that in your capable hands then. Just make sure you don’t shoot each other.” 
“There isn’t much we can do before tomorrow night, so just make sure your squads are well armed and get enough rest. I better get back to the hospital before Doc come looking for me,” he said and turned for the door.
Sam walked out of the office, and he didn’t have the appearance of a man who returned from death’s door less than a day ago. He showed strength and instilled confidence. They all had the same thought, if there was one man who can pull it off, it was him.
Early the following morning, Fay worked on Sam’s bandages when Doc Percy walked into his room. 
Doc looked angry and sounded annoyed. “I don’t know why we’re patching you up if you plan to get shot again!”
Before Sam could answer Fay said, “Because he has to get Linda!” 
Sam looked at Doc, who threw his arms up as the answer was self-evident. 
“Yes, I realize that, you’ll get her back safely. If you do get shot, please ensure it is in a place that doesn’t kill you,” the doctor instructed.
Sam looked at Doc with an incredulous look on his face. “Sure. When they want to shoot, I’ll say, stop! Don’t shoot me in the head, rather aim for the leg.”
Fay had to swallow a laugh while Doc grinned. “Yes, that will do. Sounds like you’ve been hanging around Nick and Jake too long.”
Sam shook his head, his voice dripping with sarcasm. “How about, I rather not get shot at all?”
Doc looked at Sam, a dubious expression on his face. “That won’t happen,” he said, as if it was a foregone conclusion.
A frown formed on Doc’s forehead, and he gently touched the area above the open wound on Sam’s right shoulder. “You’re healing quickly. If I didn’t know any better I would say this wound is at least four or five days old. Have you always been a quick healer?”
Without thinking Sam said, “Yes!” 
Doc raised an eyebrow. “Do you remember that?”
Sam now had a confused expression on his face. “No, I don’t remember. If I had to pause and think about it, I probably wouldn’t be able to answer the question.”
“Have you done other things instinctively?” Doc asked. 
Sam nodded. “On the farm I do it all the time. I fix things that are unfamiliar to me. Linda says I have a knack for figuring things out, but somehow, I have the knowledge.”
Doc kept his face blank. “And you killed five people with your bare hands.”
Sam’s brows knitted together. “I was angry and lost control, and technically, it was only four people. One guy shot his friend by mistake.”
Doc gave a short laugh. “Even so, the thing is, you can handle yourself, and it comes from instinct. That’s not something you learn instantly.” 
Sam simply shrugged. He didn’t have an answer. 
Fay applied a fresh dressing to his shoulder and wrapped it with a bandage.
“You’re ready to go, so please be careful and bring my friend back,” she said when done.
Sam didn’t answer, but squeezed her hand, and she smiled sadly. 
Doc placed his hand on Sam’s uninjured shoulder. “Get as much rest as you can before you leave. Andy will bring you food, so make sure you eat enough. You need to build your strength, because believe me, you’re going to need it.” 
With that, the doctor turned and walked out of the room.
Sam followed Doc’s orders. He ate his food when someone brought it, and slept the rest of the time. Apart from the fact he needed the rest, it was also a means of escape. He didn’t feel like facing other people, and he didn’t want to face the emptiness in his existence. There’s an empty space only Linda’s presence could fill. He missed her, and was angry at her captors, but also feared for her safety, and that scared him. The raiders were unpredictable. The sooner he got Linda out of their clutches, the better. Frank would make the necessary arrangements and the squad leaders would ensure everyone was armed and ready to go, so he concentrated on getting rest.
Noon the following day, Sam walked to the meeting point in front of Frank’s office. He carried his rifle, a backpack loaded with food, water, extra ammunition, and a few emergency medical supplies donated by Doc. Once they rescued Linda, it won’t take them long to get her back to White River, but as Doc said, better to be prepared. Sam flexed the muscles in his arms, which, like most of the muscles in his upper body, were sore and stiff, but well rested and strong. His brilliant blue eyes were alert, and every nerve in his body wide awake.
Sam told Nick and the others the previous evening to inform their squads the mission would be dangerous and their participation would be strictly voluntary. The group assembled was larger than he expected. Every one of the squad members volunteered for the mission. Linda was well-respected and loved in town, but they would have done it for anybody in their community. Circumstance formed them into a tightly knit unit. The only way they would survive, was to stick together and form a united front against anyone who posed a danger to their town.
Anxious eyes watched Sam as he joined Frank on the steps. Some of them expected a wounded man, one that would be weak, only a shadow of his former self. But the man that stood on the steps looked strong and determined, and had fire in his eyes. The ones who were unsure drew strength from him. With every passing second, the mood amongst the group lifted. They had a strong leader who would lead from the front.
Sam glanced over the faces and, in his heart, he felt sorry for them. He knew what he asked of them. The people were well aware that they were on their way to Dumas to rescue Linda, and kill the raiders. Few of them had military training, and even fewer of them had combat experience. Since they formed the guard, some had to kill in self-defense, and even that was hard. But this was different. It was premeditated, and how do you prepare people who value life to kill fellow human beings, even if they were bad people? 
Sam was driven by anger, and even he had a hard time with it. 
He took a deep breath. “Thank you all for coming. This is a dangerous mission, so keep your eyes and ears open. Listen to your squad leaders and follow their lead. We’ll get as close as we can to Dumas before nightfall, but our final approach will be in the dark, so watch your every step. If we’re all careful, and look out for each other, we all can come home alive. The element of surprise is on our side. We have the numbers and the determination.” 
Sam gazed over the anxious faces. “Okay, load up. We move out in five minutes!”
Frank watched as the rescue party scrambled to their vehicles. 
He turned to Sam. “Nice speech.”
Sam simply shrugged.
“Sam, be careful, and bring everyone home. Don’t let your own anger cloud your judgment.”
Sam nodded. He was well aware of what was at stake. “Don’t worry Frank. This is about more than my revenge. Linda and the safety of the others is my first priority.”
Sam got into a Nick’s pickup truck, and the convoy snaked toward the northern barricade. The rest of the citizens quietly lined the street, praying for their safe return.

Chapter 34

Late in the afternoon, the sun hovered above the western horizon, marking the end of another scorching day. Each day seemed a little warmer, and people looked forward to the relative coolness that night-time brought. They sky remained cloudless, and there was still no communications to the outside world. Nobody had any idea what went on with the weather, and there was no sign of relief.
About three kilometers northwest of Dumas, on the outskirts of the town, the convoy slowly made their way forward. They avoided the main road, and had to drive at a walking pace to keep the dust down. The blustering force of the ever-present wind helped as it dispersed most of the dust kicked up by the movement of the vehicles. Even if a raider spotted it in the distance, they wouldn’t pay much attention to it. Dust was a common sight, and with the wind blowing, it was everywhere.
Sam called the convoy to a halt. Taking the vehicles any closer to Dumas would be a risk, and he was not about to gamble with Linda’s life. Although the wind blew away from the town, he didn’t want to risk being seen or heard. Nick found an old farmhouse, with a big rundown barn which offered enough of a hiding place to stash the vehicles. By the time they had their packs on their backs and they were ready to start their walk, it was dark. In Ray’s absence, Jake volunteered to take the lead.
“Please make sure you know where we’re going. We need to be at the silos north of Dumas, not in Little Rock,” Nick said.
Jake ignored the comment. Sam knew the two well enough to know when to take them serious, and when to ignore them. 
Terry pulled the night vision glasses from his pack and handed them to Jake. “Here, you better take these.”
“Yeah, now we’re talking,” Jake said.
Fifty people set off in single file, two meters apart. Anything further and they wouldn’t be able to see each other. A sliver of moon provided dim light. A small blessing. In the light of a full moon they would easily be spotted. With no moon, it would be too dark and they wouldn’t be able to see where they went. With the night goggles strapped to his head, Jake navigated, and the rest followed. 
In the distance, a patrol drove around town. The raiders had no fear of using their vehicles’ headlights, which made it easy to avoid them. The moon was low in the sky when they reached the silos. Another half an hour and they wouldn’t be able to see each other in the dark. Jake almost dropped his gun when Ray appeared in front of him. In the light of the night goggles, the whites of the scout’s eyes, and the flash of his teeth stood out against the black backdrop. Jake was the only one who saw him. 
“Ray, one of these days you’re going to give me a heart attack,” he whispered.
Sam, who walked behind Jake, heard the scout snicker. 
“I could hear you coming since you left White River,” Ray said.
“More importantly, did anybody in town hear us?” Sam asked.
Ray snorted. “They couldn’t even hear a herd of buffalo if they marched through the middle of town.”
Sam touched Ray’s shoulder. “Did you locate her?”
Ray heard the concern in his voice, and nodded. “Yes, they’re holding her in a jail cell in the basement of the police building. She’s still alive.”
Sam let out a sigh, and the knot in his stomach released some.  “Did they hurt her?”
“She has a welt on the side of her face, but other than that, she’s alright. They give her food and water, and nobody’s allowed near her. Linda’s remarkably calm given her situation. She knows you’re coming, and she’s waiting patiently,” Ray said.
Sam thought for a moment, angry about the welt, but happy she was safe.
“Ray, can we sneak her out of there without anyone taking notice?” he asked.
Ray shook his head. “No, Sam. That Mick dude keeps the key to her cell in his pocket. It’s a blessing in keeping her safe, but doesn’t aide a rescue operation. There’s no other way in. We’ve got to get that key.” 
Sam swore. “That means we’ll have to go in and get her by force.”
He waited until the last member of the group moved behind the silos. “Do you know how many raiders we have to deal with?”
Ray did a quick calculation in his head. “Thanks to the damage you’ve done, there are only seventeen raiders left. They concentrate their efforts around the police building, running three patrols with two people each. In every patrol, there’s a driver in a pickup truck, with another guy on the back. There’s two guards stationed on the roof of the police building at all times, and they’re the ones that could give us a headache. They can see someone coming from a few blocks away.”
Sam scratched at the stubble on his jaw. “Then they’re the ones we have to take out first. Is there a way to get to them?”
Ray flashed a grin. “Yes, up the fire escape. That’s how I found them in the first place. Lucky for me, they were half asleep and didn’t see me.” 
Sam slapped Ray on the shoulder. “Good job. What about the others?” 
Ray thought for a moment. “Except for the main road running north and south, they have barricaded all the other roads so they don’t have to worry about them. The north and south roads are the only ones they guard, two people at the north, and two people at the south entrances,” he answered.
“They probably tightened their security since someone stole their food truck. Should be easy enough to take care of them,” Nick said, and touched the sheathed knife on his hip.
“They have two people standing guard at the water tanker, located in a parking garage of some sort on the ground level. The rest of them are in the main office area on the first floor. The big leader, Mick, is always in an office he claimed in the corner. The other four sleep on couches in the main area. The best chance to strike would be around two o’clock when most are asleep. Even the patrols are stationary then,” Ray said as he finished his report.
Sam slapped Ray on the shoulder again, sounding pleased. “Ray, you’ve done a great job. If we plan our attack carefully, we can take them all out before they even realize what hit them.”
Jake imitated Sam and slapped Ray so hard he almost knocked the scout off his feet. “Fantastic job. I’ll personally put in a commendation for you. After this the Commander will have no choice but to give you a promotion.”
Ray glared at him. “What promotion? Head clown? Oh no, wait, that position’s already filled … by you!”
Jake flashed a smile and was about to reply, when Sam said, “Ok cut it out. There’ll be enough time to clown around later. Let’s get Linda to safety first.”  
Whatever Jake wanted to say died a sudden death. 
Sam rubbed a hand over his head, thinking. “Ray, can you take out those two on the roof without anybody noticing?”
Ray shrugged. “Shouldn’t be a problem.”
Sam pointed to Edward and Nathan. “You two take care of the guards at the north and south ends.”
Before Nathan could say anything, Edward said, “I’ll take the south end. When you’re all done, just swing by and pick us up.” 
Nathan grunted. “We left the vehicles at the north end, dumbass,” he said.
“Yes, but you still need to come south,” Edward said stubbornly.
Sam rolled his eyes. “Nick, Jake and I will find the three patrols and take care of them. That leaves the two guards by the tanker.” 
Before Sam could continue, Ray said, “They’ll be tricky. How about, once I take care of the roof, I sneak down the back and take care of them too?” 
Sam thought of the big Bowie knife Ray carried on his hip. “Ok, but Terry can wait on the corner for you while you’re on the roof. Once done, you two can tackle them together. That would minimize any risk of them alerting the lot upstairs.”
What about me?” Janine asked.
 “Don’t worry, I haven’t forgotten about you. You’ll lead the rest of the people and surround the building. Terry, you and Ray wait till I get there before we take the rest on the first floor. Janine, if anyone sneaks past us, shoot them. Do not hesitate. They won’t think twice about killing you.” 
Janine swallowed. “Don’t worry. You don’t have to warn me twice.” 
Sam stared at the group around him. He couldn’t quite make out their faces, but knew they were there. “People, please be careful, and don’t shoot each other. Ray, if you’re ready you can lead the way.”
Jake removed the night vision glasses and handed them back to Terry.
“Maybe you should keep them. Locating the three patrols if they are stationary might prove the hardest task,” Terry said.
Nick agreed. “Yes, especially since you are blind as a rattle snake in the dark. We don’t want you to stumble into the enemy and get yourself shot in the process.” 
Sam shook his head. No matter how serious the situation, there was always banter between Nick and Jake. He suspected that’s their way of coping with the stress of the situation, so he let it go.
Ray quickly instructed Edward and Nathan about the best way to get to their respective targets. Once satisfied they would find their way, he led the group towards the main part of town and the police building. They had less than three hours to get everyone moved into position to be ready for the attack.
Ray led them across a large open area between the silos towards the unmanned barricade. Although dark, they all felt exposed and uncomfortable, waiting for someone to jump up and shine a light on them. If that happened, they would be sitting ducks. The area they moved through was flat and open and offered no hiding places, or any protection.
They were about a hundred meters from the barricade at the edge of town, when Ray whispered urgently, “Get down! Everybody down on the ground now!” 
Nobody argued and everybody dove down, causing quite a ruckus when their bodies thumped to the ground.
“I don’t see anything,” Jake whispered, staring at the barricade, watching for any movement.
“There’s a vehicle coming from the left on the main road. Probably a raider party sent to Star City to prey on any unsuspecting person that might happen past,” Ray said.
Terry growled, and Sam knew how he felt. He touched Terry’s arm and whispered, “After tonight, they’ll do no more harm.” 
They watched the beams of light from the two trucks pass five hundred meters away on the main road. It briefly stopped and then disappeared behind the barricade.
When Ray was sure it was safe to continue, he got back to his feet. “Ok, let’s go.”
They followed him to the barricade, which was designed to keep vehicles out, not people. There was enough space for them to slip past and into the town. Once inside the confines of the barrier, everyone gripped their weapons tighter and moved quieter. They were inside the lion’s den. Any mistake could cost not only their own lives, but also those of their friends.
They had an eerie feeling walking through the ghost town. Abandoned buildings stood like statues in the dark. Some reduced to ruins, their ashes testament to the violence that ripped through the town. Darkness hid most of the buildings, and the people walking double file through the streets had to rely on the eyes of Ray and Jake. 
They walked touching distance from each other. In the dark, it was almost impossible to move the group in absolute silence. Every kicked rock, broken twig, or boot that crunched on the sand, sounded out in the night. The noise amplified in the jumpy ears of the rescuers. Luckily for them, there was no one around to hear the sounds.

Chapter 35

Ray brought them to a halt three blocks from the police building. Edward and Nathan already split from the group and made their way to the barricade positions. Edward had the farthest to go. They had to get to the south point, and take care of their targets before the shooting started. All the debris in the streets offered a lot of cover, but they had to move carefully in the dark. There were a lot of things to trip over and make unwanted noise. 
Ray showed Sam and the others the route the patrols used around the police building. They only patrolled in a three block radius around the building. Sam surveyed the area for half an hour while the others waited in nervous anticipation. Two blocks away, one vehicle drove by slowly. The raider standing on the back of the pickup had a handheld spotlight, which he shone at both sides of the road in sweeping motions. They didn’t realize it only made them easier to spot, and easier to avoid. The raiders thought nobody would be foolish enough to sneak into their lair.
Ray moved his mouth close to Sam’s ear and whispered, “I’m going to make my way to the roof. Move the others one block closer and keep your eyes open. I’ll signal you once I took care of them.” 
“What will the signal be?” Sam asked.
“Keep your eye on the roof, you’ll see it.” Ray said. 
Sam frowned, but Ray left before he could say anything else. Like a ghost, he disappeared into the dark, with Terry following close behind.
Ray and Terry reached the back of the building and crouched by the stairs to the fire escape. Using hand signals, Ray signaled Terry to wait. He moved up the steel stairs without making a sound. From Terry’s point of view, it seemed like Ray glided up the stairs. 
Once he reached the top, Ray crouched and peered over the edge of the wall, but saw no one. Staying low, he moved quietly forward until he could peek around the edge, but still nothing. Three meters from him, an air conditioning outlet offered cover, and he stepped toward it.
At the far corner of the building he heard footfalls. Heavy boots crushed the dirt on the roof, making a crunching sound as the raiders walked. Ray peeked around the outlet, and two shapes paced along the front edge of the roof, facing the street in front. Not a bright bunch, Ray thought to himself. Any attack would come from the back, not the front. Like everything else around, the roof was covered in darkness. That’s probably why the guards stayed close to the front wall. 
Ray gripped the white bone-handle and slipped the long Bowie knife out of the sheath on his hip. He stood ready, waiting for the two guards to make their turn. When they reached the far right, they turned on their heels, and wordlessly started toward the other side.
 The two kept moving, because if they sat down, they might fall asleep. Mick promised he would send Wilson to check up on all the guards. If the man in black were to find anyone asleep, he would slit their throats. Mick’s a cruel man, and they didn’t doubt that he would follow through on his threat, so they kept walking.
Ray hesitated for a moment, thinking of what he was about to do. Killing went against every principal that his parents ever taught him. But then he thought about the frightened young woman in the basement cell who was always kind to him. Terry’s uncle, who was tortured to death, the scout, and countless others who died in Star City. These could have been the men directly responsible. If not, they will be involved with other murders in the future. It’s up to him to ensure that doesn’t happen.
He rose quietly, and within a few steps, he stood behind the two men. The big knife in Ray’s hand was designed as a short sword, and it fulfilled its role. Ray drove the blade through the back of the first raider, shattering his heart. The second man became aware of the movement behind him, but Ray was too quick. 
He moved with speed and efficiency. Pulling the knife from the dying man’s back, he pivoted around, and swung the knife in a wide arc through the air. The razor sharp blade slashed through the skin and soft tissue of the man’s neck, the savage blow almost severing his head. The scream that was about to alert everyone of Ray’s presence, died in this throat. The attack took less than two seconds, and the lifeless bodies fell quietly on the roof surface.

*****

At the northern barricade, two raiders stared at the road leading out of town, blissfully unaware of the two shadows sneaking up behind them. Nathan wiped his sweaty hand on the seat of his jeans, before gripping the survival knife tightly in his right hand. He lunged forward and buried the blade deep in the man’s back. The second raider heard shuffling behind him and swung around.
“What the …” were the last words he spoke as the heavy wooden butt of a rifle crashed against the side of his head.  The man’s unconscious body slammed against an old car with a dull thud. The man accompanying Nathan stared at the fallen body with wide eyes, frozen in place by what he had done, the knife at his side forgotten. Nathan stared at the man, and then looked at the raider, lying awkwardly on his side. With a lump in his throat, he flipped the raider on his back, and stabbed him in the heart.

*****

Ten minutes later, Edward gripped his knife, identical to Nathan’s. In one swift movement, he slit the raider’s throat. One of the guys with Edward followed his lead. He grabbed the second raider, and stabbed him in the chest. Surprise and shock flooded the young raider’s face, and he dropped his weapon. The youth clutched at the knife, but to his amazement found that he didn’t have the strength to pull it from his body. He sagged to his knees and toppled to the ground. One last breath escaped his lips when his body hit the earth. The man with Edward stared at the two lifeless bodies. Then he doubled over clutching his stomach, and threw up in the dirt.

*****

Through the night goggles, Jake watched the roof of the three story police building. It was one of the tallest structures in town. The two men disappeared from view and, a few moments later, Ray peeked over the wall. The scout waved an arm back and forth, giving them the signal. 
Jake waved back, uncertain if Ray saw him. He wouldn’t put it past the man, who already proved his eyes were better in the dark than any of them. 
Jake turned to Sam and Nick. “It’s our turn. Ray took care of the roof.”
Janine gave Sam’s arm a squeeze. “Please be careful.”
He patted her hand, and then they were gone. 
They ran down the empty street, a block away from the patrol. Jake, the only one able to see anything, scanned ahead for any sign of vehicles. They cut across another block, and stopped behind a building which used to be a flower shop. Only a skeleton of the building remained amongst the rubble. 
Jake peered around the corner, and quickly pulled his head back. He indicated to the others that he spotted one of the vehicles. Sam peered around the corner. Parked in the middle of the intersection, was a dark pickup truck. Two men sat on the roof smoking a cigarette. The truck parked at an angle, and the men had their backs turned to them. Unfortunately the raiders were in full view of the two guards by the tanker. 
Sam didn’t like what he saw. Not only was there a lot of open space between them and the raiders, but also a railway track. Two roads ran parallel either side of the tracks. If they made it across the tracks unnoticed, they would have a better angle to sneak up on the raiders. But to cross the roads and tracks quietly in the dark, would be almost impossible, and posed a great risk. At the other side of the police building, Ray and Terry came to the same conclusion. If they tried to take out the raiders by the tankers, even in the dark, the raiders by the trucks would probably spot them.
“We need to move down a couple blocks and cross where they can’t see us. Then make our way around to find the other two patrols. We can take them out first, and come back for this one later,” Sam said.
They back tracked until they found the others. Sam informed Janine of their new plan, and ordered her to position the rest of their people behind the flower shop, but to stay out of view of the raiders. The three of them ran down the street away from the police building. Two blocks down, they turned right until they reached the railway tracks again. Sam peered up toward the police building, but it was too dark to see.
“They’re still sitting at the intersection,” Jake confirmed.
With the night goggles, he saw them clear as day. When they moved into the open, Jake felt uneasy and exposed, but he knew it was the night vision. Not even Ray would be able to spot them from there in the dark. The trio crossed the railway tracks carefully and slowly, making sure not to kick any loose stones.
Ray and Terry contemplated their next move. 
“We have to wait till they move away from that intersection, or till Sam and the others take them out. I’m sure Sam saw the same thing and they’re busy finding another way around,” Ray said.
He felt Terry’s impatience.
Sam and the others made their way down a backstreet. The other side of the town offered much less cover, but also fewer things to trip over in the dark. Jake peered around the corner of a house, and there at another intersection, stood a Hummer. Not the military model, but one of the fancy ones sold commercially. Two raiders leaned with their backs against the side of the vehicle, talking in hushed tones, facing away from them. Jake indicated to Sam to wait there, Nick and he would take them out. Sam knew better than to argue, and watched as Nick and Jake pulled their black combat knifes from their sheaths.
After they met Terry, Sam noticed all three of them carried the same combat knives. When Sam inquired about it, they told him that everyone in their unit was issued with identical knives. 
Sam peered into the dark, but other than the dim shape of the vehicle, he couldn’t see much. He cocked his head to the side, straining his ears to pick up a sound, but Nick and Jake were well trained. They took the guards out without making the slightest sound. Only when Nick whispered Sam’s name, did he know it was done, and joined the two friends.
“We need to hide the bodies out of view, in case someone comes looking for them,” Sam said.
Nick and Jake grabbed the first fallen raider by the arms and legs, and dragged him into an empty building across the street. If it weren’t for the blood, they would have tossed the raiders over their shoulders, but didn’t want the mess all over them. 
“What about the vehicle?’ Jake asked.
Sam shook his head. “Leave it. It’s going to make too much noise to try and move.” 
Two shots rang out in the night. At first Sam thought someone shot at them, and instinctively, all three ducked. More shots sounded, coming from the other side of the building. Something went seriously wrong!
“Linda!” Sam shouted, and set off running to the front of the police station as fast as his legs could carry him.

Chapter 36

Three more shots sounded out in the night as Sam ran down the side of the street. Unsure of who did the shooting, he kept alert. Maybe Edward’s group on their way back, ran into another patrol? But it was too soon for them to be back. While Sam ran toward the police building, Nick and Jake raced in the direction from where the shots originated. None of their people should be that way, but if it was one of their own, they had to help.
When the first shots rang out, the two raiders at the intersection, jumped from the roof and took cover behind their truck. Janine peered around the corner. Through the darkness, she barely spotted them where they huddled behind the cover off their vehicle. Her first thought was that Sam ran into trouble, and she realized they lost the element of surprise. Like Sam, she wanted to get to Linda as quick as possible. She lifted her rifle, aimed at the raiders, and fired her first shot. Sparks flew as the bullet struck the back of the truck between the two.
The attack from behind took them by surprise. They pivoted around, desperately seeking the source of the attack. They noticed the flash, but before they could fire, the one raider got hit in the middle of his chest by Janine’s second shot. The force of the bullet slammed him back against the truck before he toppled over and fell against his partner. Knocked off-balance by the weight of his buddy, the second raider squeezed the trigger, but the shot flew harmlessly in to the air. He pushed the dead body away from him, and struggled to regain his balance. 
Another bullet struck the tailgate of the pickup and ricochet into the night. The flash from Janine’s rifle gave her position away, and he fired in her direction. She heard a yell to her right when the raider’s bullet found a target, but ignored it and fired again. Two other shots sounded with hers, almost as one. Others behind her spread out and joined the fire-fight.
Two of the bullets found their target. The first hit the raider low in the stomach, while the second tore through his neck. He fell backward against the truck, his rifle clattering to the ground. Janine noticed he was hit and ran forward, but he was dead before she reached him.
When Janine fired her first shot, the two guards by the tanker took cover, each behind a pillar at the front of the building. They peeked around the pillars trying to assess where the shots came from. One of the guys, a big man with a huge beer belly, aimed in Janine’s direction. Before he could fire to help out his friends, a sharp pain struck him in the back. A burning sensation spread through his chest, and then his lifeless body sagged to the ground.
Ray and Terry fired simultaneously. Although behind cover from Janine, the raiders presented an open target for them. They stepped over the lifeless bodies when Sam came running around the corner. They swung around, ready to face the new threat, but lower their weapons when they realized who it was. Sam flew past them and crashed through the entrance in to the building. Several shots rang out from above, hitting the wall behind him. Sam ignored it, his focus on the figure that disappeared through the doorway of the stairs leading down to the basement. The light of a flashlight danced of the walls.
He sprinted forward and followed through the door. More shots sounded behind him. He swung around to face the threat, but it was Terry and Ray who shot at the men on the first floor.
The moment Sam reached the steps, he peered into the basement. A big burly figure fumbled with a set of keys. In the light of the flashlight, Mick saw Linda, cowering on the bed in the corner. Her eyes wide with fear, arms locked around her legs, pulled tightly against her chest. Sam wanted to fire at the figure by the door, but fear of hitting Linda changed his mind. With a deep growl he dove forward, dropping his weapon in mid-flight.
Mick’s trembling hands desperately tried to fit the key to the lock. He didn’t know how they found them, but they did. His only chance for survival cowered against the back wall.
He finally managed to get the key into the lock, but before her could turn it, Sam’s shoulder smashed in to his ribs. The violent impact pushed all the air from his lungs, and together they crashed to the ground in a heap. The force of Sam’s hit caused Mick to drop his pistol and the flash light. 
Sam rolled over and struggled back to his feet. The big raider stood on his hands and knees, desperate to fill his lungs with air. Sam stepped forward and aimed a kick at the raider’s midriff, but Mick saw it coming and grabbed his leg. With a roar like a wounded grizzly bear, he heaved and threw Sam against the opposite cell door. The heavy steel bars slammed into Sam’s back, knocking the wind out of him.
Mick had enough time to get back to his feet. He shook his head to clear his vision, then stepped forward and grabbed Sam by the shirt. The muscles in the man’s powerful arms bulged under the strain. He lifted Sam from the ground and aimed to slam him against the wall, but Sam didn’t go along quietly. He swung his fists wildly, connecting with the bearded raider’s face several times, shattering his nose. The wild man roared with rage, and tossed Sam like a rag against the wall. The moment Sam hit the ground, he tried to get back to his feet, but he wasn’t back to full health yet, and struggled. Sam underestimated the power of the burly raider. 
Mick stepped forward again, ready to smash Sam’s head to a pulp. Two shots sounded in quick succession, the deafening noise echoed in the confined space. The raider’s eyes widened with surprise, his face contorted with pain. The big man stumbled one step forward, and then dropped to his knees. He tried to get back to his feet, but all power left his huge frame, the pull of earth’s gravity ever increasing. 
He twisted his head around to see who shot him, and looked into two cold, emerald eyes. When he dropped the pistol, it fell next to Linda’s cell door. While they fought, Linda realized Sam was in trouble. She picked up the pistol, aimed it at the back of the man who held her captive, and squeezed the trigger twice.
Sam labored back to his feet as the last life drained from Mick. The raider toppled over and his big body crashed to the ground, his lifeless eyes still staring at Linda. Sam stumbled forward, unlocked the door, and then Linda jumped in to his arms. 
“I knew you would come for me,” she whispered in his ear.
Sam closed his eyes and relief flooded his body. Linda was alive and safely in his arms. They clung to each other, and in that instant, nothing else mattered. The rest of the world vanished. They were reunited and held each other close. 
He whispered in her ear, “I’ll never leave you behind. When it comes to you, I’ll take on the devil.” 
Linda swallowed a sob, and glanced at the corpse of the raider. “I think you just did.”
Reality returned. With the sounds of more gunshots, Sam realized the fighting continued upstairs. 
He bent down and kissed Linda. “Let’s get you out of here. There’ll be enough time for a reunion later.”
He picked up the raider’s flash light and his own rifle where he dropped it.
“Stay close behind me,” he said.
He led her up the stairs and peered around the corner. Huddled behind a heavy wooden counter in the reception area, Janine and Terry took turns firing up the stairs. They ducked when return fire slammed into the wood, sending splinters flying. A figure appeared at the top of the steps, aiming to fire again at Janine and Terry. 
From their position, the man was hidden, but from Sam’s angle, he offered a big target. Sam wasted no time. In one motion, he lifted his rifle and fired. The shot struck the man in the side of his head, and slammed him against the wall. He toppled forward and his corpse tumbled down the stairs.
An eerie silence followed, only the echoes of the last gunshots still ringing in their ears. Sam grabbed Linda by the hand and led her to where Janine and Terry waited. Tears welled up in both sisters’ eyes when they saw each other, and Linda ran in to her sister’s arms.
Sam gave them a moment. “Watch her while Terry and I take a closer look upstairs.”
Janine nodded, too welled up with emotion to get out a word. Moving up the stairs one step at a time, Sam and Terry kept their backs to the wall. Their eyes never left the opening ahead, ready to shoot at any sign of movement. The light upstairs got brighter. The signs of daylight startled Sam. In the heat of the battle, he lost track of time. 
When Sam first rushed in, Janine ordered everyone to surround the building. Sam battled Mick down stairs and had no idea how many raiders were left. The light improved by the second, and more light would be to their advantage. They made it to the top step, and then heard a loud crash, followed by four shots. With the distraction, Sam dove forward and landed in a corridor which led to the different offices. He caught movement out of the corner of his eye, swung his rifle around, and stopped just in time. Ray walked down the hallway. 
He brushed glass from his clothes, grinning at Sam. “I think that’s the last of them. Two cowered in the office back there, but I took care of them.” 
“Sounds like you were busy while I was downstairs,” Sam said.
A quick sweep through the offices confirmed all the raiders were dead, except one.
“I don’t see the man dressed in black. Did anybody else see his body?” Sam asked.
Terry walked over and glanced around. “There’s no sign of him. When the shooting started, he might have slipped away unnoticed, but we’ll keep our eyes open.” 
The sound of vehicles outside caught their attention. Sam walked to a window opening, its glass all over the hallway, shattered by a bullet during the fight.
Nick and Jake had other people with them, and everyone rushed outside, rifles ready. 
“Sam, these people were the cause of the first shots. They’re drifters that stumbled into town, thinking it was deserted. They searched the buildings for food and water when a raider patrol spotted them and started shooting. They killed one of the guards, but the other one pinned them down in a store. Jake and I happened by and took care of him,” Nick reported.
The dirty man and woman’s ragged clothes stuck to their bodies, their eyes wild, but sad. On the back of the truck was a man dressed in the same fashion as them, not moving, and his eyes were closed. His clothes caked with blood. A white towel wrapped around his chest, held in place with duct tape. 
“This is their nephew. He’s the one the guards shot when they first spotted them. He’s still alive, but needs medical attention urgently.” 
Sam nodded. “I want to get out of here as soon as possible. Take your squad and escort him to Doc. We won’t be far behind.” 
Jake stared at Sam. “Maybe we should take you with us, you look like hell.”
The morning breeze picked up, and Sam felt the wind blowing cold against his chest. The front of his shirt was soaked with blood, and he could feel it dripping down his leg. The fight with Mick ripped open the wound in his chest, and it oozed blood. 
Sam tried to answer, but a sudden wave of tiredness washed over him. His head felt dizzy and the world started to tumble. Linda’s voice cried out, but it sounded far away.
“Sam? No no no! Sam!” Everything went black and his body slumped to the ground.

*****

Through a window of a building on the opposite side of the street, Wilson watched as they loaded Sam onto the back of the pickup truck. They departed in a cloud of dust while all the others scrambled for vehicles. Five minutes later, everyone was gone. The man cut a lonely figure when he crossed the street to the police building. The bodies of the raiders were scattered in the street and throughout the building. 
He made it down to the cell where he came across Mick Dawson’s corpse. 
“Fool! I told you not to mess with these people, but no, you always knew better. Now see what that brought you,” Wilson said. 
He retrieved the jail keys where they dangled from the door of the empty cell, and unlocked the cell that contained the food. Wilson planned to stock up on supplies, take as much water as he could, and then leave. He wanted to get as far away from White River as possible.

Chapter 37

Sam opened his eyes. His vision blurry at first, but cleared after a few blinks. The bright fluorescent light, the white ceiling, the white walls, the angel with the amazing emerald eyes and dark red hair, all seemed strangely familiar. The angel had a worried look on her face. When she saw his opened eyes, her face lit up and a smile jumped to her lips. 
“There you are,” she said, her voice tender, the hand on his cheek loving and soft. “You gave us quite a scare.”
He blinked a few times, trying to clear his mind, trying to remember. “Where am I?” 
His voice croaked, sounding dry. 
Linda looked around like it was obvious. “You’re in the hospital. Doc’s not happy with you, but I told him to leave you alone. You saved me and that’s all that matters.” 
The frown was still on Sam’s forehead. “You look familiar. Do I know you?”
The blood drained from Linda’s face, and for an instant, she was about to faint. Oh no, not again. She gripped the side of the bed for support.
Her eyes filled with tears, her voice pleading. “Sam, please don’t forget me, don’t forget us. I can’t do this without you.”
Linda bent forward and kissed him lightly. When her lips touched his, it was like an electric shock that jolted his mind. Memories flooded his brain. From the first moment he woke next to the tree, till he blacked out in Dumas. She lifted her head and looked into his eyes. The confusion left his face and he grabbed her head. Sam pulled her down and their lips met again.
When he finally let her go he said, “Now how could I forget that?”
Tears of relief rolled down her face.
“Oh Sam, you almost scared me to death,” she said, and kissed him again.
Sam struggled to get to a sitting position. His body sore and his aching muscles complained. 
“How long was I out?” he asked.
“We returned from Dumas four days ago. You were so weak, I nearly lost you twice. Doc fought hard to keep you alive. He says your strong will to live kept you going,” she said, and wiped away another teardrop.
Sam gave a wry smile. “I promised I wouldn’t leave you, and I keep my promises.”
Linda placed her hands on both sides of his face. “I’m so grateful, but don’t you ever scare me like that again.”
Sam shook his head, and winced at the stab of pain from his chest. “I won’t. I almost went insane when we found you were gone. From now on, we stay close to each other.”
Linda kissed him again. “I agree.” 
“He will never get better if you keep pushing up his blood pressure like that,” Doc said, sounding annoyed, but the twinkle in his eyes gave him away. 
Linda blushed, but she stayed close to Sam. She felt a need to touch part of him, even if it was just his hand.
Sam looked at the doctor. “See Doc, I didn’t get shot again.”
Doc shook his head. “No, so out of spite, you ripped open your old wound.”
Doc did a quick examination. “Sam, you’re recovery is remarkable. You’ll be up and about in a day or two.”
Sam nodded, and waited till the doctor left the room. “Have you been back to the farm yet?”
Linda shook her head. “No, since we brought you in, I’ve been here most of the time.” 
Sam looked to the corner. They wheeled in an extra bed for her so she could be close to him. “No wonder I heal so quickly, I’m drawing strength from you.”
A thought crossed his mind. “What happened to the young man who was shot in Dumas?”
“His name is Billy, Clyde and Reese’s nephew. He’s in the room next door, doing fine. Clyde and Reese got a house next to Clive and Fay, in the new section of town. Frank moved everyone to the new section and blocked off the old section to improve security. He said my abduction highlighted a few flaws in our security. Frank’s giving everyone a hard time about being more security conscious. Even on the farm there’s three squads at a time doing guard duty.”
Sam raised an eyebrow. “Frank asked Clyde and Reese to stay?”
Linda nodded, and with a sparkle in her eye said, “Frank said you dragged them here and would ask them to stay anyway. He thought he would avoid an argument and just do the asking on your behalf.” 
Sam laughed. “At least I have him well trained.” 
He stared at Linda for a long moment until she self-consciously touched her hair. “What’s wrong? Do I have something in my hair?”
Sam’s gentle smile made his eyes look brighter. “No, I just wondered how you’re doing.”  
Linda laughed, bent down, and kissed him again. “Now, I’m wonderful.”
The next day, Doc allowed Sam out of his bed. Although unsteady at first, Sam got stronger with every step he took. Linda had to caution him to take it easy, but Sam took it easy for five days. He was ready to take on the world again. Later the afternoon, Clyde and Reese paid him a visit. At first, Sam didn’t recognize the two. Janine took them out to the farm, and after a proper cleaning, gave them fresh clothes. Someone trimmed their hair, and since they didn’t look homeless anymore, the two made a handsome young couple.
Clyde had light brown hair, and with a shaven face, looked even younger than his twenty five years. His young wife, with her shoulder length blond hair and grey eyes, was the same height as him. When they entered Sam’s room, she didn’t know what to say.
She walked forward and hugged him. “Thank you, not only for saving Billy’s, but also our lives.”
Clyde started to shake Sam’s hand, but then changed his mind, and gave Sam a hug. They spent an hour with Sam and Linda, and told them how they took care of Billy after his parents died. Reese’s sister and her husband were killed by raiders. Clyde and Reese gathered enough food and water for a few months, and hid in a well disguised tornado shelter. When their provisions ran low, they had to search for food and water. They quickly found the further north they searched, the more raiders they encountered. So they went south instead, drifting from one small town to the next, searching for anything they could find to eat. They scavenged enough to keep them alive.
Normally they scouted a town better, but when they got to Dumas they were starved. They searched some of the houses, but quickly found that Dumas was well plundered. They thought they might have more luck searching the town center, but ran into the patrol, which opened fire without warning. 
They look apologetically at Linda. “We’re so sorry. We didn’t know Sam and the rest attempted a rescue, and we nearly ruined it,” Reese said.
Linda placed a hand on her arm. “Don’t worry, everything turned out well.”
Sam frowned as a thought crossed his mind. “That reminds me, did everyone make it out of Dumas?”
Linda saw the anxious look in his eyes. “Yes, we got extremely lucky. Five of our people were wounded, but compared to you, nothing serious. I’m still wondering what you thought taking on that big raider all by yourself. He almost ripped you apart.” 
Sam grinned, grabbed Linda around the waist and pulled her closer. “For you, I would take on a whole army of raiders. Compared to that, he seemed no challenge at all.”
Linda shook her head. “If you weren’t wounded, and were at full strength, yes maybe. But not in the condition you were in. I’m thankful that you came though. Remind me to thank Janine for all those shooting lessons.”
The following morning, Doc agreed to let Sam out of hospital, and they caught a ride on the work bus to the farm. It was two weeks since either of them was on the farm, and both were anxious to get back. Alone, neither of them wanted near the place, but together, it was their home. They were happy when they stepped off the bus. Everybody present clapped hands and cheered.
Next to the cow pen, Linda noticed something she’d never seen before. A fenced off area with a small gate, and in the corner stood a small wooden shed. 
“What’s that?” she asked.
Sam shrugged. “I have no idea. Let’s have a look.” 
Curiously they walked closer, and as they got to the gate, a white rooster strutted around the shed. It looked at them as to ask, “Yes, and what do you want?” 
Linda’s hand flew to her mouth in surprise.
“Oh yes, I completely forgot about the chickens,” Sam said.
He explained how he got the chickens from Moira, but when he got back, she was gone and he forgot all about them.
George Kingsley stepped forward. “I hope you like the coop I built for them. If you want it bigger or different …” 
Linda stopped him. “George, thank you. It’s perfect.” 
George also informed them he built an incubator to incubate the eggs. If the experiment worked, they would have more chickens in a few weeks. 
Over the next few days they settled back into life on the farm. Amanda confirmed Daisy was indeed pregnant, and the geese came to Linda every morning for a handful of barley grass.
The food tunnels yielded enough food to keep everyone alive. From the barley harvests they made enough flour that everyone in town got one bread roll a day with their meal. The scouts found two remote warehouses with some dry food stuff, so their own warehouses were well stocked for at least a year. 
Boredom became the biggest enemy in town. Everyone devised plans to provide entertainment, some attempts more successful than others. The most popular was the Friday night dance, organized by Linda, Fay and Reese. In dancing, Sam found one thing he didn’t have a natural talent for. Of course Linda, Janine, Fay and Reese had a lot of fun trying to teach him.
Sam never let Linda out of his sight, and she made sure to stay near him. For her, the nights were the worst. Even cuddling with Sam, the dark scared her. It reminded her of the nights she spent in that jail, where she couldn’t even see her hand in front of her eyes. She often woke in the middle of the night in a cold sweat, and then couldn’t get back to sleep. Sam quickly got used to it. If he woke up and she wasn’t next to him, he went searching for her.
About a month after her return, Sam opened his eyes, and the empty space next to him on the bed sent him searching. He found her on the porch, standing with her hands on the railing. He gave a sigh of relief and wrapped his arms around her.
“Here you are. What are you doing out here?” he asked.
She leaned back against him. “I couldn’t sleep. I came out to sit on the porch with a cup of coffee, and then I noticed that.” She pointed past the dam into the sky. Sam followed her finger, and drew a sharp breath. A dazzling display of multi-colored lights danced across the sky.
“I’ve seen pictures of the northern lights, but I’d never thought I would see them in person. Definitely not this far south” Linda said.
Sam stared at the lights, an unbelievably beautiful sight. Somewhere deep within his mind, something stirred. He slipped his arms from Linda, and walked down the steps, not taking his eyes off the sky. 
“Beautiful isn’t it?” Linda asked.
When she didn’t get an answer, she walked to him. There was a look of shock and confusion on his face.
“Sam, are you alright?” she asked.
He didn’t answer, just kept staring, hypnotized by the lights.
She grabbed his arm. “Sam, you’re scaring me, what’s wrong?” 
When he didn’t respond, she grabbed both his arms and shook.
Sam looked down at her. “I remember why I’m here!”

The End.







###

Coming Soon:

Be sure to catch the second book in The Arora Saga: Fury of the Sun

Connect with me online:
Twitter:  http://twitter.com/@Stella_Del
Smashwords : https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/CRDelport
Email: christelle@thearorasaga.co.za             
 
 
  


                       
 
    
                   
   
   
 
      
   



