
The Kill Switch

A Gripping Psychological Thriller
Book One

By
IAN C.P. IRVINE.. 
Published by Ian C. P. Irvine on Smashwords 

Copyright 2022 IAN C.P.IRVINE

 
All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright observed above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written consent of the copyright owner.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Chapter 1
Day One
Devon
England
Monday morning
 
The phone first rang at 9.15 a.m., just after Jane had returned from the school run. She’d only just sat down, a freshly brewed coffee in one hand and her favourite magazine in the other, her legs stretched out and her feet resting on the footstool. 
This was her special time of the day. Her ‘me’ time. Her sanity break after packing the kids off to school, before the endless cycle of daily chores began. 
Jane was tempted to ignore the phone, but since there was the slight possibility that it could be the kids’ school calling to say there was something wrong with one of her little munchkins, she did what any mother would do, and decided to answer it. 
Putting the coffee down on the side table and pushing herself up from the sofa, she crossed the room to the sideboard and picked up the receiver. 
“Hello, Mrs McIver?” a man’s soft and rather sexy voice asked. 
“Yes?” 
“A Mrs Jane McIver?” the man enquired further. 
“Yes. How can I help?” 
“This is a courtesy call from the fraud department of your bank. Please, don’t worry, but there’s a problem with your account. Our system has detected some unusual activity and it may be that money has been taken from your account without your knowledge. It’s important that you take action as soon as possible. Following standard security procedures, we’ll hang up now, but we would suggest you call your bank as soon as possible, go through security, and discuss your account. If there is a problem, you’ll be reconnected to our fraud team and advised what action to take.” 
“Oh dear…Has any money been stolen? How much?” Jane asked, a sense of dread quickly welling up within her. 
“I’m sorry, but we can’t discuss that with you without going through security, which you can do when you call us back on the number on the back of your bank card. We would advise that you call back on a land-line phone and not a mobile phone, just in case your phone has been infected with a virus, which could be how your account has been breached.” 
“What do you mean ‘breached’? Has someone got my passwords? And has my money been stolen already?” 
“Please call your bank and discuss this with them. Thank you. I hope it all turns out well. Goodbye.” 
There was a buzzing sound at the end of the phone and a long drawn out tone which signified she had rather abruptly been disconnected.  
For a moment she was left standing facing the wall, the phone receiver still in her hand, but then she sprang into action. 
If her account had been hacked into somehow, every second counted. She needed to call the bank, find out what had gone wrong, and sort it out immediately.  
Her heart beginning to race, she rushed through to the kitchen, found her purse and retrieved her bank card. 
Seconds later she was back by the phone, picking up the receiver and dialling the number on the back of her card. 
She heard the dial tone change and the sing-song electronic pulsing of the digits being dialled and winging their way round the world through the phone system. 
At the other end of the line the phone rang for a few seconds and was then answered by an automated voice. 
“We are sorry, but due to exceptionally high call volumes, we expect it to take several minutes before we can answer your call. Please hold. We will be with you as soon as possible.” 
Jane felt the stress she was feeling increase a notch or two, and her toes started tapping the floor, a classic sign of her becoming increasingly fraught and impatient. 
“Come on…”  she whispered to herself. 
“We are sorry, but due to…” the monotone voice began to recite its mantra once again.  
As she listened several times to the cycle of the automated dial tone and repeated apology, Jane began to worry that with every second that passed, more and more money was possibly being siphoned out of her account into the hands of some thief that no one would ever catch.  
Then abruptly, the sequence changed and a voice invited her to enter her account number into the phone, followed by a hash sign.  
Reading the number off the card, she did as requested, typing it as slowly and carefully as she could so she’d get it right. 
“Now, please enter your date of birth.”
She complied, slightly relieved that progress was being made at last. 
“And now, please enter the second number of your security code…”
A ‘six’. 
“And now, please enter the third number of your security code…”
A ‘two’. 
There was a momentary pause, then an automated voice said thank you and informed her she was being transferred to an attendant. Almost immediately a voice greeted her. A human voice. 
Relief! 
“Hello Mrs McIver. Thank you for going through security. How can I help you this morning?” 
“I was just contacted by the fraud department and instructed to call you as soon as possible to check my bank account to make sure it hadn’t been hacked into. They mentioned some suspicious activity on the account.” 
“Let me see, one moment please…” A short pause, Jane’s heart skipping a beat, the tension ratchetting up another notch. “Actually, yes, I see. Please, can you tell me what you think the balance of the account should be? According to what I see here, there is no money in your account… and there were several rather large withdrawals earlier this morning…” 
“What do you mean? My husband only got paid yesterday. There should be about three thousand pounds in that account. I normally call you at the weekend to transfer some to other accounts and pay the bills, but the majority of it should still be there just now.” 
“You didn’t make three separate transfers of eight hundred pounds each at about six o’clock this morning?” 
“No, we were still asleep.”
A moment’s pause. 
“I’m sorry, Mrs McIver. It seems the fraud department may have been correct. It looks like someone has accessed your account without your permission. Is there anyone else who may have your account details?” 
“No…only my husband. It’s our joint account.” 
“Could he have made the transfer this morning?” 
“Absolutely not. He was asleep with me too. Look, can I speak to someone about stopping this and getting my money back? We didn’t do this. Our money has been stolen!” 
“I’ll transfer you over to the Fraud Department. You’re already through security so you’ll get straight through. Please hold.” 
Jane heard a couple of beeps and then a man’s voice came on. 
“Mrs McIver? Hello, my name is Sebastian. I understand you believe your account has been broken into and money illegally transferred out?”  
“Yes…I’ve been cleaned out. Someone has transferred it all out this morning. Every penny. But we didn’t do it. It wasn’t us.” 
“Yes, I have your account details on the screen in front of me here, and I can see what’s been happening. You should actually have received a call from our department this morning already to tell you something unusual had been noticed.” 
“Yes, that’s why I’m calling you now.” 
“Good. The faster we stop this, the better. The most important thing we have to do now is to prevent further access to your account, so we need to change your security code immediately. I’ll put you through to an automated system. It’ll ask you first for your account number, your date of birth, then your old security code, and then lastly it will ask you to type in a new security code twice. First to put it into the system and then to confirm it.  Please write it down somewhere. Once that’s done, the system will pass you back to me, your account will be secure and then we can take some notes and fill in a form to get you your stolen money back. Is that okay? I’m putting you through now…” 
“Yes…thank you. For your help…” 
“Please type in your account number.” A voice invited her. 
Without further thinking, but breathing deeply and trying to control her fingers and make sure she got it right, Jane slowly typed in the digits as requested. 
First her account number. 
Then her date of birth. 
Then her old security code in full. 
She paused only when it came to the request to type in a new code, panicking slightly that she didn’t know what to do. It had to be something she’d remember when she hung up the phone. Something simple. For a moment her mind was blank, but glancing at the newspaper on the side of the table not far away, she saw the date at the top of the paper and without further thought, typed in today’s date. First the day of the month, then the current month, and then the last two digits of the year. She’d remember that! 
At the prompt she entered it again, which confirmed she’d done it right the first time.  
“Thank you. Change confirmed” an automated voice told her, then seconds later she was back to Sebastian again. 
“Mrs McIver. It’s Sebastian again. Thanks for that. Your account will now be secure, so you can relax. I can see from the system when the money was transferred out of your account. What we have to do now is to register a claim on your behalf and capture some details from yourself. I’ll use the information I can see here, start the paperwork and then send you an email later this morning, asking you to confirm a few things and provide a few extra details. Will that be okay?” 
“Yes… I’ll check my email in a few hours’ time… yes?” 
“Yes, Mrs McIver.” 
“I will get my money back, won’t I? I mean, all of it?” 
“As soon as we can confirm the fraud and identify exactly what funds have been stolen, we will be able to re-credit your account. Don’t worry. We’ll make the process as smooth and painless as possible.” Jane breathed out loudly. 
“Sebastian? Is that your name? Thank you for your help. I appreciate it. Thanks…” 
“Goodbye, Mrs McIver.” The line went dead.
Jane hung up, walked back to her chair and her coffee and slumped into the seat. 
“AAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!!!” Jane screamed loudly, venting her stress and frustration. “AAAAAGGHHHHH!” Three thousand pounds? 
Gone? 
Shit! 

-------------------- 


Jane wasn’t too worried. She knew she’d get the money back. Eventually. After all, it wasn’t her fault. She was innocent. 
But she could guess that before she did, she’d have to climb a mountain of stress and fill in a zillion forms to prove it wasn’t her.  
But the bottom line was, she’d get the money back. 
She’d read about cases like these. As long as she hadn’t voluntarily given her passcode to any one, and followed all normal security precautions, she’d be okay. 
Yes, she had nothing to worry about. 
She looked at her watch. It was just after ten.  
She’d wait ninety minutes and then check her email. 
So, settling back in the sofa, she started to read her magazine.  
Started. 
Her eyes skimmed the first paragraph at least ten times but none of the words were going in. 
Plus, her coffee was cold. 
So, she got up, went back to the kitchen and made fresh coffee, staring out of the kitchen window at her garden whilst she waited.  
Should she call her husband and tell him what had happened? Or just wait until it was confirmed that it was all okay before she let him know? 
Deciding on the latter, she finished making the coffee, returned to the sofa and tried to read her magazine again. 
At ten thirty, she decided to check her email. Why wait until later, if they had already sent her an email? The truth was, she was actually quite stressed. She couldn’t relax. Couldn’t read. And her morning would remain ruined until she’d got the email from the bank. 
Maybe she should drive to the nearest bank and go and speak to the manager, just to make sure it was being sorted out as soon as possible?  … To check on the progress of things? 
The problem with that plan, she quickly realised, was that the nearest bank with an actual human in it with whom you could talk, was about forty minutes away by car and by that time she would definitely have heard from the bank anyway. 
Her laptop was taking an age to fire up. Longer than usual. Or was it that just like a kettle when you watched it, when you really needed your laptop to come up fast, it just seemed to take forever. 
Three thousand pounds was a lot of money. Would she get it back from the bank all at once or in several instalments? Surely it would be all at once. 
It had to be all at once. 
They needed the money. 
At last, finally, she managed to click on the shortcut to her email and her latest batch of messages appeared on the screen. 
It only took a second to skim through the headers and see that none of them came from the bank. 
Nothing yet. 
Just to be sure, she went to her Junk Mail, but found the same result. 
Nothing. 
Yet. 
Maybe she should call her husband after all. 
Perhaps the email had been sent to his account and not hers? 
She thought about that. 
It was a possibility.  
She couldn’t remember the last time she’d received an email from her bank. Perhaps the default email address associated with the account was actually her husband’s, not hers? 
Oh dear. 
She would definitely have to call him. 
Just to be sure… 
Standing up, she walked back through to the sofa where she had left her mobile phone on the side table.  Picking it up, she was just about to call him when it began to ring in her hands. 
The display said ‘private number.’ 
It wasn’t one that she had programmed into her contacts. 
Normally, she would be reluctant to accept calls from people she didn’t know. There were so many scams around today. 
She let it ring. 
Eventually, the incoming call stopped and the screen went back to normal. 
She went to ‘Recent’ and looked at the number again. It was definitely not one she knew. 
Flicking over to messages, she found that someone had just left a voice message. It must have been whoever it was who had just called her. 
She dialled 121.  
It was a woman’s voice. 
“Hello Mrs McIver, this is Sarah from the Fraud department at the Westminster Bank. Could you please call us back as soon as possible? We’ve noticed that in the past hour there have been several large cash transfers to overseas accounts. We’d like to confirm whether or not you’re aware of them, and to rule out the possibility that your account has just been breached…”

Chapter 2
Day Two
Central London
 
Mr Green sat in the chair facing the Bank Manager, one arm around his wife’s shoulder and the other hand offering his wife a handkerchief to dab her eyes. She’d been crying for five minutes now and it didn’t look like she was going to stop any time soon. 
Edward Dawson, the Bank Manager, had been running this branch of the Westminster Bank for over twenty years now, and he’d never known a day like this before. It was only one thirty, he’d not yet had lunch, and he’d already seen ten other customers with similar, if not exactly the same problem: they’d been robbed and all their money had been siphoned out of their accounts. Not only one bank account, but all of them. People who had previously been wealthy and had been in charge of bulging bank accounts, were now the proud owners of empty accounts. Even relatively less well-off people had been hit. 
They all had one thing in common though. They had fallen victim to a telephone scam which started yesterday afternoon, just when many people in the UK had been paid. Unwittingly, they had voluntarily given away to the scammers all the details the thieves needed to gain access to the account and change the passwords to lock the real owners out of any future access. The scammers had then transferred all the money out of that account to a foreign bank account which they controlled. In many cases, the scammers had also managed to access other accounts held by the same account holder, enabling them to empty those accounts too. 
People had lost thousands, tens of thousands, and in some cases, hundreds of thousands. 
The hardest part of this was what Mr Dawson was going to have to explain to the customer next. This was the part when the customer’s life went from bad to very bad. 
And from which some would potentially never recover. 
“So, Mr Dawson, when do you expect that the bank will be able to reimburse the funds back into our accounts?” Mr Green asked, handing ownership of the handkerchief over to his wife, and turning back to focus on the bank manager. 
The bank manager coughed, smiled a little, adjusted his tie and then started to address the elephant in the room. 
Or the herd of elephants. 
Each time he’d gone through this with the other customers this morning, he’d worried they would attack him. And every time he had delivered the news, he had tried a different way of saying it, in the hope that he’d find a way of delivering it with minimal risk to himself, or the bank.  
“This is a complicated question, Mr Green. With no simple answer. However, what I can say for now is that this is now formally a police matter. And you should report it to the police for it to be handled by them as a theft. As soon as possible. Unfortunately, because you voluntarily handed over your account details to a third party, we, the Bank, or any other bank in the UK in a similar position, would not be held liable for the losses you have incurred. You see, our security systems are foolproof, but require our customers to protect their account details and not pass them on to others. If they do so, I’m afraid, the Bank cannot be held liable…” 
Across the table, a look of incredulity begun to spread across the faces of Mr and Mrs Green. Interestingly, Mrs Green stopped crying. The expressions on their faces changed several times, as the full meaning of the words the bank manager had said began to sink in.  
Invariably however, as had happened every time so far today, with every customer who had received this news, the next sentence that was uttered by the customer – in this case Mrs Green – was, “What do you mean? I don’t understand what you’re saying…” 
Mr Dawson felt sorry for them. Genuinely bad. But now the meeting was entering the most difficult phase. Having delivered the bank’s get-out-of-jail clause, and explained that it was the customer who had lost the money and not the bank, the big question was, how to get the customer to leave the room without them killing him. He was, after all, just the messenger, and in breaking the news to them that it was basically the customer’s problem, and not his - or the bank’s - Mr Dawson moved from ‘Professional’ to ‘Survival’ mode. 
He knew he wasn’t very good at this. He lacked the skills, perhaps. But it was his responsibility. 
So, for the next ten minutes, he carried on toeing the official Bank line, explaining to the customer that they should now go home and report the theft and fraud to the police, and press them to get their money back for them. And that the sooner they went home to start the process, the better chance they had of getting that money back. 
Mr Dawson hated that part. 
He knew it was a lie. 
However, it was perhaps the most effective way of getting the customer to stand up and leave the room. 
The reality of course was that the customer would probably never see the money again. 
Mr Dawson knew that in some cases the customers’ lives would be ruined. 
But he also knew that to do his job properly, he had to distance himself from their experiences and their problems. 
Mr Dawson was only three years off retirement. He had a good pension plan, and a bright retirement all planned out. 
Thankfully, when Mr Dawson offered the couple in front of him a brightly coloured and professional looking pack of information detailing what the customers should do next, with advice on how to approach the police, what forms to fill in, and what information to provide - along with a copy of the small print from the bank that outlined exactly how and why the Bank was officially not liable for their losses – Mr and Mrs Green had eventually got up and left his office. 
Shaking and in tears, but they had thankfully finally gone. 
Mr Dawson looked at the clock on the wall. 
He too, was also shaking. Partly from hunger, partly from stress, and partly because he needed a good, stiff drink. 
But he didn’t have much time…there were already four other customers waiting outside his office with the same problem: they’d been robbed! 

Chapter 3
Day Two 
Germany 
. 
Gunter Grossman stood on the edge of the bridge above the river Donau. 
It was late. Very late. Or very early, depending upon when a person normally began their day. 
But for Gunter, it was late. Too late to do anything to alter the course of the next few minutes. He was tired. Exhausted. 
All his life he had struggled. First, to find a decent education. 
Then to prove how educated he was and win a place at university. 
To pass his exams, start and build a career. 
Find love. 
Have children. 
And then to support his family and ensure they never had to struggle like him. 
It had taken… what?... fifty years to build the life they wanted and deserved? 
DESERVED. 
Gunter looked down at the river beneath. 
He couldn’t remember when it had been so full. The water was rushing by faster than he had ever seen it do before. It was dirty, dark, unwelcoming, pushing high up the banks and threatening to overflow the villages and cities around it. 
Gunter sighed. 
Until this morning his future, the future for his family, everything, had seemed so bright.  
But then, just after breakfast, he answered the phone in his office and his world had begun to unravel. 
The man on the other end of the phone had politely informed him that his name was Sebastian. He was calling from his bank. There was a problem… 
Gunter was a clever and careful man. This morning however, he had been tired.
Careless. 
After months of arranging the finances to purchase their own family home, the funds had been temporarily sitting in one of his accounts ready to be transferred over to complete the sale. He was going to buy a new family home. In cash. Almost all the assets he had built up during his life had been liquidated into cash to enable the purchase of their dream home. 
Then Sebastian had called. 
Gunter had listened carefully to what Sebastian had said. Then he panicked. 
Knowing that everything he had was exposed, at risk, … under threat, Gunter had followed all the advice and instructions which Sebastian had given him. 
Now it was all gone. 
Everything. 
Gunter had been a fool. 
He’d thrown it all away. Fifty years of work, struggle, and success. All gone. 
But worst of all, he’d let his family down.   
And the only way to make it all right was to enable them to claim the life insurance. 
When Gunter died, he’d be rich again! 
At least…his family would. 
 
Suddenly Gunter heard a voice, bringing him back from his thoughts to the real world. He turned round, holding on to the metal pillar that disappeared upwards into the darkness above the railing he’d climbed up onto. 
“Don’t jump!” the woman who was running towards him was shouting. 
As the woman came closer, Gunter could see that she was young. 
Kind. Caring. 
She was a nice person. 
As she came nearer, Gunter edged back around to face the bridge, and as she edged closer to stand in front of him, she reached up her hand towards him. “Please, let me help you!” she asked softly. 
Gunter smiled. 
The woman had a beautiful face. 
She reminded him of his daughter.  
He closed his eyes, and stepped backwards.  
Off the railing. 
Into nothingness. 


--------------------
Brazil

“Hello, may I speak with Senor Rodriguez. This is Sebastian from the Fraud Department of your bank. I’m calling because…”

--------------------
Australia

“Hello, may I speak with Mr or Mrs Brown? This is Sebastian from the Fraud Department of your bank. I’m calling because…”

--------------------
South Africa

“Hello, May I speak with Mr Vogel? This is Sebastian from the Fraud Department of your bank. I’m calling because…”
 

--------------------
Day Three
COBRA Meeting
10 Downing Street
England
4 p.m.

“It’s estimated that in the UK, the new Sebastian bank scam has taken over two hundred million pounds in the past two days alone,” the Chancellor of the Exchequer announced. “It’s like nothing we’ve seen before. It’s incredibly effective, widespread and almost untraceable.” 
The Prime Minister shifted uncomfortably in his seat. He wasn’t really prepared for the meeting. It had been called at very short notice first thing this morning, and now he was sitting in the cabinet room, with representatives of four of the UK major banks, the Home Secretary, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Governor of the Bank of England and several other senior ministers. 
“Two hundred million? Pounds sterling or in crypto currency?” PM Paul Dalgleish asked, trying to sound with-it and knowledgeable. 
“Sterling. The average person from whom this money is being stolen doesn’t have the faintest idea what a bitcoin is. We’re talking cold, hard cash here.” The Chancellor replied. 
 “Okay, can you talk me through please, just exactly what this scam is and why it’s so concerning?” The PM asked, looking around the table and seeing the worried looks on the faces of all the others in the room. 
The Chancellor nodded. 
“Certainly, but before I start, I just wanted to add the two hundred million I just mentioned is what we think the UK had lost as of last night. We think about fifty thousand people have been affected within forty-eight hours, with an average loss per person of about four thousand pounds. But this scam is international. It’s been reported everywhere. We could be talking billions in losses across the EU and the other members of the G7.” 
“Who’s behind it?” The PM asked. 
“We don’t know at this point.” The Chancellor replied. 
“So, how does it work?” 
“Someone calls the victim. In the past, telephone scams have been mostly random, but this one seems to begin with some knowledge of the victim. They start off by requesting to speak with the householder by name. If a man answers the phone, they ask for the male house owner. If it’s a woman, they ask for the female. The voice then introduces himself as Sebastian. It’s always Sebastian. Regardless of country…” “Are they always speaking English?” The PM interrupted the Chancellor. 
“No, they converse in the local language. But Sebastian is always spoken or pronounced as that name would be done locally. Sebastian then informs the householder that he’s calling from the fraud department of their bank… they never mention the bank by name… and just assume the householder will not question the authenticity of the call. I should add that if the householder begins to ask too many questions, or asks which bank, or for more details, Sebastian hangs up. From this, we know that Sebastian doesn’t really know too much about the account details of the householder. This is when it gets clever, though. Sebastian insists that the security protocol of the bank is to hang up and get the householder to call the bank back on the appropriate number and then go through security. Sebastian then hangs up rather abruptly. Or at least, he appears to. The rather abrupt way in which the call ends seems to lend itself well to the householder also hanging up, retrieving their bank card, and then quickly dialling the bank back on the number on the back of the card. All the victims have reported that when they pick up the phone, they hear dial tones, and electronic pulses as the numbers are dialled. The phone rings, they’re presented with call centre bank options, and they’re taken through security questions. It’s very clever. The householder is challenged on their security details and they’re then granted access to their bank account. At this point, they’re told their account has been emptied, their money may have been stolen, and they are put back through to the security department. Sebastian answers the phone, reconnecting with the victim, and expressing a sufficient amount of concern. Sebastian then advises the now identified account holder that they must… rather, they should… change their security code. The victim is now taken through an automated system which requests their full bank details and their full security code, and then invites the target to now select and confirm a new security code. After this is done, the account holder is assured that the thief who hacked into their account can do no further damage, and that in order to be reimbursed for the lost funds the account holder will need to fill in some forms. Sebastian volunteers to start the process of registering the fraud and reclaiming the money, and informs the customer he will contact them by email with the necessary paperwork in a few hours. This is all done so professionally and courteously that the account holder begins to relax, feels reassured and then hangs up the call.” 
“So, how does the scam work? Exactly… I don’t see…” The PM begins to interrupt. 
The Chancellor stops, takes a sip of water from his glass, and then continues. 
“It’s all very clever. And it relies upon one thing…From the moment that Sebastian calls them the first time, they never lose connection with whoever Sebastian is. We’ve seen this before, on other scams, but this one is particularly well done.” 
“I don’t understand…I thought Sebastian hung up the call, initially, and the victim called their own bank…” The PM shook his head. 
“That’s exactly what Sebastian wants them to think. In actual fact, Sebastian only pretends to hang up. He never puts the receiver down. The line remains live. The victim then hangs up, gets the bank’s telephone number and calls the bank back. Another clever part is the victim hears a dial tone from the phone, but this is all fake. Sebastian, or a computer that Sebastian has, is mimicking the sounds to make the victim feel he or she is going through the process of calling the bank back. But it’s all fake. Sebastian was just waiting for them to pick the phone back up at their end and call them back… He never left the line…” 
“But Sebastian is taking a big gamble there, isn’t he? Most people would probably call the bank back on their mobile…” The PM pointed out. 
“Which is why,” the Chancellor explained, “before he pretends to hang up, Sebastian warns them not to use their computer or mobile phone, because they have probably been compromised, or hacked into, and can’t be trusted. So the victim does exactly what’s instructed and calls the bank back on the landline, really believing that they are now safe, and they have initiated a new and very safe call to their real bank. But they haven’t. It’s all a scam. When the customer goes through security by putting in their bank account details, date of birth, and some of their security code, Sebastian is collecting all that information. And then when the victim thinks that they have gone through security and now have access to their account, they are told by Sebastian, or one of his colleagues - it might just be Sebastian putting on another voice for all we know - that the bank account has been emptied.” 
“And has it?” 
“No. Not yet. Sebastian does that later. The cruel thing is that at the point the victim believes the money is already gone, the money is actually still there. Nothing has been stolen yet. But then Sebastian asks the victim to go through an automated security process again, and because all the victims who fall prey to this scam now feel so comfortable that they are genuinely talking to the bank and following standard security procedures of the bank, when they are asked to type in their full security code, all of it, not just random parts of it requested by the bank, they actually do it. They do just as instructed. They type in their full security code, and Sebastian records it all. Then comes the good part…” 
“The good part?”  
“Sorry, the clever part… the customer is requested to change their security code to block out the hacker who has obviously somehow gained access to their details. So they do so. They make up another security code and type it in…” 
“Which the attacker uses to get access to the account?” The PM asks. 
“No. Sebastian just ignores it. The victim hasn’t really done anything. Remember, he’s not talking to the bank. Only to Sebastian.” 
“Yes…, okay…” 
“And then Sebastian tells them he’s going to help them. He’ll start the paperwork. And the bank will email them in a couple of hours’ time. In the meantime, Sebastian insists they mustn’t worry. It’s all going to be fine. Have you understood so far, PM?”
The PM looks around the table. All eyes are on him. 
“Yes, I think so. Sebastian then helps them get the money back from the bank, but keeps some of it?” 
The Chancellor smiles. 
“No, PM. Not at all. We must not forget, sir, that Sebastian is a complete and utter bastard. He’s a thief. And having just lulled his victim into a false sense of security, and bought time by insisting that the victim should wait a couple of hours for an email, Sebastian then uses all the account details, date of birth, and the full security code that the victim voluntarily typed into the system and gave to Sebastian, to then call the real bank, pretend to be them, go through security and then get access to their account.” 
“But how do they know which bank to call? You said originally that Sebastian didn’t know which bank they were with…”  
“He didn’t, but when the victim called the bank back, Sebastian captured the electronic pulses being generated by the victim’s phone and from that could identify which bank it was. It’s possible they also simply replayed the numbers, not knowing which bank it was, and seeing what happened next and which bank answered the call. We don’t know yet.” 
“Oh… that’s very clever.” The PM agreed, nodding. 
“But not the best part…” 
“You’re really enjoying this aren’t you?  I have to remind you that over two hundred million has been stolen… this is no laughing matter!” The PM exploded, banging the table a little with his hand. 
“You misunderstand. It’s bad, very bad. But very clever. Now Sebastian has access to the account and he talks to the human operator, or goes through the automated system, and transfers all the contents of that account out of the bank to another account. In some cases, Sebastian can also get access to other accounts owned by the victim. The bank, at this point, also believes and trusts Sebastian. Since Sebastian successfully went through the security system and answered all the security questions, the bank allows Sebastian to transfer money between accounts and then out of the bank to another account number. Because this is possible in some banks, some victims have lost large amounts of money that was sitting in other accounts. This all happens rather quickly, within about thirty minutes to an hour of the initial call from Sebastian to the victim.” 
“Whilst the victim is drinking a coffee and thinking everything is going to be fine?” the PM asks, nodding to himself. 
“Exactly.” The Chancellor agrees, pauses, then continues. “The coup de grâce, however, is when, having emptied the victim’s accounts, Sebastian then follows the bank’s procedure and changes the customer’s security code to a new one. I may add, this is not the new code the victim chose, but a different one which Sebastian creates and which only he knows. This then effectively locks the victim out of their own account and prevents them from talking to the bank about their accounts for quite a long time. Even if they do manage to talk to the bank, they find out that their accounts have been emptied, which is what Sebastian already told them. They already knew that. In fact, most of the victims only first hear about their accounts really being emptied, when the real fraud department from the real bank calls them to tell them they’ve seen some suspicious activity. And by that time, it’s too late!” 
“Ouch!” the PM says and smiles. “Cheeky bastard!” 
“If I may continue, Prime Minister, there are several very important issues here. Firstly, technically, currently the Banks are not liable for the losses that are being incurred by the victims. Unfortunately, and it is very unfortunate, upon that we can all agree, unfortunately… the customer has voluntarily given their passwords and account details to a confidence trickster who has no connection to the bank… at no point does Sebastian claim to work for a named bank… which means that there is zero liability on behalf of the banks for the customers’ losses.  
“Second, this is happening on a very large scale. From what I’ve heard today, Sebastian’s activity seems to be gathering pace, not abating.  
“Third, and perhaps most important of all, if this continues, there is a very real risk to the banking community and to the nation. As you well know, Prime Minister, the banking system is essentially a system based upon trust. If you take away the trust; if customers lose trust in their banks and their ability to protect their money, there will be a run on the banks the like of which we have not seen before, and not one, but all our banks, globally, could be under threat. People are already beginning to talk about this on Social Media. If we don’t put a stop to this soon, we’re in a lot of trouble.” 
The Chancellor paused and wiped his forehead with his handkerchief. 
“May I say something?” one of the other ministers at the far end of the table asked. When the Prime Minister nodded, he quickly introduced himself to the representatives from the banks as the Minister for National Cyber Security.  
“There’s something else here which is also of significant concern.  For me, it’s perhaps the most worrying of all. If we think about the scale on which this scam is being conducted, there’s a pretty obvious question that’s still outstanding.  Which is, basically, who is Sebastian? Or WHAT is Sebastian?”
“Meaning?” the PM urged the Cyber Minister. 
“How many Sebastian’s are there? Thousands of people are being contacted, at the same time, and each time, it’s Sebastian on the phone. Everywhere. I’ve heard some of the recordings of the telephone calls that have been made and all the voices sound the same. It’s a calm, trustworthy, very likeable male voice. Pretty unique. There can’t be thousands of people who speak like that. Even if it was a different person pretending to be same, and imitating a voice which the scammers knew to be effective in lulling victims into a false sense of security, how many people are actually involved in this scam? Don’t forget, it’s happening on an international scale. It’s everywhere. In all time zones. Going on constantly. If it’s people who are behind this scam, just how large is the organisation behind it? How many people are working the phones and scamming the victims? Is it an army?” 
“An army of Sebastians?” The PM repeated, nodding and pondering the idea. 
“Or,” the cyber minister continued. “Is it just one Sebastian behind it all?”
“What do you mean?” The Chancellor of the Exchequer interrupted. 
“I mean, is Sebastian a man? Or…a machine? Gentleman, what concerns me is that this is not another telephone scam, but the first instance of a new type of threat. A cyberattack on a scale we haven’t seen before, where, for the first time in history mankind is being robbed by an Artificial Intelligence persona. A computer that thinks with the mind of criminal.”


Chapter 4
Thames House 
Millbank  
London   7 p.m.
. 
The Minister for National Cyber Security stood at the front of the room, surveying those assembled in the room before him and for the first time since he had accepted the job, felt really nervous. 
Paul Harrison was forty years old. Unlike some of the other Cabinet Ministers who’d been appointed into their roles without any experience of their new domain, for example the Fisheries Minister who’d never been fishing, or the Agriculture Minister who had never planted a seed in her life, or the Defence Minister, who, as it turned out, was a pacifist, Paul had studied Computer Science at University, had served his time at IBM, and then entered politics full time after a stint as a local councillor.  
After being elected to run for Swindon North, his infectious energy and charisma had turned a recent Labour win into a surprising Conservative gain, and within six months had been offered a Cabinet post.  
The word ‘meteoric’ often came to mind when Paul thought of his rise from where he started and to where he was now. But it wasn’t the lack of experience which made Paul feel nervous now. 
It was the fact that although Paul did know about cyber, probably actually quite a lot, the people assembled in front of him now in the Green Room at MI5, were the crème de la crème of all things digital. Whilst Paul had been learning nursery rhymes, those who were about to listen to him speak now, were all learning Python, Java or C++. 
By the time most of those in the room got to university, exams were pointless. If they sat an exam and didn’t do well enough, they would simply hack into the system and alter their scores, giving them whatever marks they wanted. 
No wonder that almost everyone in the room today had at least a 1st at Uni.
Either richly deserved, or self-awarded. 
Those who didn’t, had earned their place here in the Cyber team at MI5 through another route: not the school of hard-knocks, but more likely the school of financial or industrial cyber hacking where they’d been caught, or ratted out by another jealous hacker, but were then offered a deal by the state: go to prison and we’ll throw away the key, or come and work for your country – access to the best computer systems, unparalleled processing power, and a pool-table, free-fruit and beer on a Friday afternoon.  
This was the third trip that the Cyber Minister had made to the MI5 headquarters in Vauxhall in London, but probably the first time he’d been confronted with so many of those who worked at the coal-face, protecting the nation and defending the country’s freedom. Paul knew that the future of cyber really belonged to the younger generation, that the latest generation of humans seemed to have been born with a digital device in their hands and were practically able to navigate any operating system before they could walk, but looking round the room today, he was still surprised to see how young everyone was. There were probably only two people in the room above the age of thirty, and everyone else was probably less than twenty- five. 
Paul also knew it would be a mistake to underestimate their talents and capabilities. They might be wearing sandals, t-shirts and have odd shaped beards and hairstyles, but these ‘kids’ and others like them were amongst the crème de la crème of cyber experts anywhere. On a scale of one to ten, Paul was a two, and these kids were… eleven or twelve. Which was why Paul was nervous. These were cyber gods, and in their language, if they were a ‘1’, he was a ‘0’. 
There were about forty people in the room today. It was a sizeable number, given the short notice, and that everyone had to be pulled from other projects, although after discussing the problem the country was facing with the Head of M15, Paul had been promised all the cooperation that they could be given at this time, and he had hoped for more.  
 
After being introduced by one of the Department Directors, Paul moved to the centre of the room. 
“Ladies and Gentlemen, I need your help. The UK needs your help. In fact, probably most of the people in the developed world need your help. As you will have seen in the Mission Bulletin sent to you thirty minutes ago, most of the developed world is currently experience a banking scam on a scale we haven’t seen before. Since the COBRA meeting this afternoon, a further twenty thousand people had fallen victim to the scam in the UK and we estimate another hundred million pounds has probably been stolen from their accounts. According to all reports, there seems to be one person behind every call each victim receives. He’s a man called Sebastian. Or rather, for the reasons I outlined in the Mission Bulletin, I think Sebastian is actually a highly capable AI program. I need your help to track him down, and shut him down. Within the next forty-eight hours.” 
A moment’s silence, then a young woman in the second row folded her arms and asked, ‘And what happens if we don’t?” 
“A possible run on the banks. Potential financial meltdown. Chaos.” 
Paul didn’t elaborate further, but the look on his face told everyone in the room exactly what they needed to know. 
This was serious. 
“Good, now I’ve got all your attention, I would like to elaborate a little on the mission you’ve all been given. As far as I see it, there are six major strands. 
“First, we need to prove that Sebastian is, in actual fact, an AI program operating in between cyber space and the real world.  
“Second, we need to understand how Sebastian operates, and where from. We need to locate the sources of all his activities. 
“Third, we need to understand who is controlling Sebastian. Who is behind this? 
“Fourth, we need to find out where all the stolen money is going. If possible, we want to get the money back, but at this stage, that’s not imperative. Perhaps later. 
“Fifth, we need to halt Sebastian’s activities in the UK. It would be a bonus if you could learn how to shut him down in Europe for our allies too, but don’t do that unless you are directed to do so.  
“Sixth, we need to eliminate Sebastian permanently, shut him down, and make sure he doesn’t come back.” 
Paul looked around the room and was pleasantly surprised to find that the facial expressions of those in the room had almost all changed. Instead of the looks of mild boredom or disinterest that a few of them had displayed previously, they were all sitting up straight, attentive and focussed. 
“I can’t pretend to know what you guys get up to on a daily basis, and in a moment, I will be asked to leave the room, because I don’t have the clearance or permission to stay whilst you start planning how to tackle this mission, but, I just wanted to add, that if I’m right, and you can prove that Sebastian is an AI program attacking and threatening our economic infrastructure, then we will find ourselves in some very interesting and difficult waters. Particularly if we identify any other nation state as Sebastian’s controller. If that’s the case, what will that make this? A cyber threat? A cyberattack from a foreign power?” 
“If that’s the case, sir, that’ll really muddy the waters.” A young man from the back of the room volunteered. “I mean, who will be dealing with this then? The Secret Intelligence Service? The Foreign Office? The Police? Who’ll have jurisdiction?” 
“And if it is a massive cyberattack that’s threatening our economy, isn’t that a red line the UK Government has warned other nations not to cross? Isn’t that now considered an act of war, requiring a military or equivalent reciprocal attack?” another young woman with blue hair asked. 
Paul frowned.  
“Sadly, all of these are possibilities. This is new territory. But, for now, it has to be one step at a time, and we’ll cross each bridge when we come to it. In the meantime, please, on behalf of the government, do what you can to find out what Sebastian is, shut him down, and give us the answers to the other questions I’ve asked.” 
 
A minute later, Paul was out of the room, being escorted off the premises, and met by his driver in the underground car park. As he climbed into the car and settled back into the rear seat for the drive back to Westminster, he couldn’t help but wish he was a fly on the wall still inside the Green Room of MI5. By now, they’d be deep in Geek language, planning their mission, and getting ready to start go find and hopefully kill Sebastian.  
Paul looked at his watch. 
It was 7.45 p.m. 
He was expecting his first report at 11 p.m. 
And then another at 4 a.m. 
In the world of international cyber, no one slept. 

Chapter 5
The voice of Sebastian  10.30 p.m.  

Iain Slater pushed back from his desk terminal and stretched his arms above his head and behind his neck. His eyes never left the screen, scanning four audio traces that were playing on the screen from left to right. Each was from a different recording of an interaction between Sebastian and a victim, which they had intercepted and captured earlier that evening but which, most importantly, he had selected because they had taken place simultaneously, in different parts of the UK. After the Cyber Minister had left the building, the team had been given their tasks, and Iain had been assigned the job of tracing any conversations between Sebastian and his targets that could be found on the UK networks. To the layman on the street, this may have seemed an impossible task, but to Iain and others like him in the Secret Intelligence Services, it was never a question of ‘if’ but rather, ‘how many minutes would it take?’ 
In the old days, in the early days of the Echelon system, if people said a couple of keywords into their telephones, the UK monitoring system would automatically start to record their conversations for later possible analysis. A specialist like himself with the appropriate authorisations and permissions could then sift through all the conversations - possibly hundreds or thousands - adding more keywords to their analysis and filtering and rapidly honing down the selection until they had a smaller number of phone conversations that they could actually manually listen to.  
Since then, technology had changed everything. Firstly, instead of going through the old analogue PSTN- Public Switched Telephone Network - made up of old-fashioned copper wires, a vast proportion of telephone calls were now being transported over the same digital networks that carried internet traffic and enabled social media networks. Unfortunately for people like Iain, almost all of these communications were now encrypted, which used to mean that it was almost impossible to eavesdrop and listen to conversations which were carried over the ‘IP network’. Used to be. 
What few people realised was that those who needed to, now had several highly effective ways of ‘decrypting’ such encrypted conversations. It wasn’t always easy, but it was effective. Where necessary.  
However, now the easy days of Echelon were gone, it did take a little longer finding ‘interesting’ conversations that should be listened to. Although the process of ‘listening to’ a conversation which had been ‘recorded’ was still necessary to understand how keywords were used and in what context, the process was no longer entirely manual. Thanks to voice recognition and speech-to-text technologies, whole conversations could be transcribed into text and then analysed by AI software analysis technology to identify and pull out any conversations that were considered ‘interesting’.  
The difficult part perhaps, was identifying which conversations should be recorded: it was a chicken-and-egg situation. When the police or secret service knew that a suspect or ‘subject’ was of ‘interest’ - an ‘SoI’ - they could apply for legal permission to listen to and record anything they did or said. However, faced with the whole population of a country and not knowing which conversations to record and decrypt, a little extra helping hand was required to get the ball rolling. 
Again, although daunting to the uninitiated, to Iain and his friends, it wasn’t rocket science.  
To start his current mission, Iain simply asked the banks to give him the telephone numbers of some of Sebastian’s victims from earlier that day. He then used his search and analysis systems to retrieve the phone records from the telecommunications providers and then use these to identify all the parameters and metadata made available by the communications networks and telephone systems. From analysis of this information, it was then possible to do several things. 
First, thanks to the fact that almost all the traffic that crossed the telecommunications networks in the UK was stored in massive storage buffers in underground bunkers - mostly repurposed nuclear bunkers from the Cold War - it was possible to look back and retrieve almost any communications that had occurred within a three-hour period. After that, only the metadata was recorded, and the content was lost. But in Iain’s case, it was possible to effectively go back in time, suck back the conversations that Sebastian had had with some of his victims, decrypt those that were encrypted, and then listen to them. 
Secondly, by looking at the ‘metadata’ –which was effectively the data that surrounded the content of any communications and which described the communications, it was possible to learn lots of important information about that call without even listening to it, i.e., this call took place at 2 p.m., it lasted ten minutes, the call was made from Telephone Number “X” to telephone number “Y”. By cross-referencing this information with other databases, it was then possible to identify who made the call, and where from physically, as well as the identity of the person who was called. And more. Much more. 
Thirdly, within a few seconds of applying for and being granted permission to do so, it would then be possible to set up a tracking system to ensure that any time any other phone calls were made by or to specific numbers, those conversations would be recorded in full, and flagged up to anyone needing to know, for further analysis and intelligence generation. 
Today, from the time Iain had received details of his mission, it had taken only ninety minutes before he had first identified the main telephone numbers Sebastian had been calling his victims from. He’d then set up alerts with all the major telephone service providers and initiated authorised monitoring and recording of any future conversations involving Sebastian’s contact details. He’d then retrieved four different voice traces of conversations between Sebastian and a victim and these were now being displayed on one of his three screens.  
Iain then started to listen to and analyse the voice conversations he had on his screen. By splicing and dicing and manipulating the voice traces he had on his screen, he was able to break the conversation down into words and phrases, and move them around on his monitor, listening to any he wanted to at will. 
The first thing that struck him was that each of the conversations were unique. They were not exactly the same. The conversations seemed natural, as if between two normal people. Sebastian said something, the victim said something in reply, and then Sebastian responded. Only at the very end of the conversation when Sebastian hung up, did it seem rather abrupt. 
Iain took several of the words that appeared in each of the conversations,  separated them out from their individual conversations, and then copied them to one of his other two screens. He then ran an analysis program on them to see how similar or dissimilar they were. He did this for several words, with the first to receive the treatment being the obvious word choice of ‘bank’. 
From the four different conversations he was looking at, he had four different instances of the word ‘bank’, and now he displayed the voice traces of each horizontally one above the other. 
Each trace looked like something you might imagine from a lie detector trace, but far more intense, with a mass of squiggly lines vibrating up and down according to the individual components of the word being broken down and converted into its raw components. What interested Iain was that the traces all looked remarkably alike. Very alike. In fact, they were almost exactly the same. Given that each person in the world has a unique voice and that no two voice traces would be the same, this result proved one thing, almost one hundred per cent conclusively. 
However, Iain knew the importance of his analysis, so he repeated that same exercise for a number of other words. For example, ‘hang-up’, ‘call’, ‘account’, and ‘fraud’, which all appeared in roughly the same parts of the conversations. 
After this, Iain started looking at a number of phrases, such as “we can’t discuss that” and “our system has detected”, or “has been infected with a virus”. The audio voice prints of these words were more complex, but Iain was still struck by how similar they were. 
Lastly, he started examining words which appeared several times in each conversation, but at different times. Iain noticed that these words often had different inflexions, depending where they appeared in a sentence and upon their relationship to other words being used. In this case, he found that the voice prints were slightly different, but when he focused on individual components of a word or phrase, such as consonant or a vowel, he discovered that they were very similar. 
Apart from all this confirming that the words were being spoken by the same source, it also showed that the source of the spoken words was very clever. When a word was used in a sentence, it was never exactly the same word being said, but a variation of that word depending upon its position in the sentence relative to other words. 
However, now having confirmed that the words from the different conversations were similar and had come from the same source, Iain moved to answering another question. 
To do this, he opened up a library of words which had been said and recorded from the voices of a mixture of humans. Using the compare, search and retrieve facility of the software program he was using, he initiated an automated search for a number of words which had been spoken by men in a similar way: male, deep voice, relaxed, English accent, formal. 
The search came back with quite a number of possibilities, and he started comparing individual words said by Sebastian with those said by known sources. 
What this showed was interesting. It showed that the intensity and richness of the sounds, frequencies and waveforms which made up the words spoken by men from known sources was far more complex than those spoken by Sebastian. To the human ear, Sebastian’s voice sounded normal, but to the system, Sebastian’s voice lacked harmonics and sophistication. At a microscopic level, the enunciation of vowels and consonants was simplistic. 
In fact, the conclusion that the system flashed up on the screen after the analysis and comparison of each word confirmed what Iain had suspected. 
The sound source of Sebastian’s words was synthetic.  
Sebastian’s voice was not real. 
It had been generated by a voice synthesiser.  
 
The results of both analysis streams combined to yield a single, undeniable conclusion. Over the past two days, the same voice had been used to talk to many people across the UK, with hundreds of these conversations taking place simultaneously.  
Also, no two people have the same voice pattern, yet the analysis showed that all the voices of Sebastian analysed were the same voice. 
Ultimately, comparative analysis of Sebastian’s voice with the library of human voices showed that Sebastian’s voice was not real. 
In other words, Sebastian was not a human. 
Sebastian was the voice of a computer. 


Chapter 6
The First Report 
11.35 p.m. 
 
The first report was in. Paul had finished reading it and had immediately called the Prime Minister, who was still up.  
Ten minutes later his car had delivered him to Downing Street and he was being ushered upstairs to join the PM for a nightcap, although Paul suspected he wouldn’t be getting much sleep that night. 
“Ah, Paul come in, sit down.” The PM smiled, waving him to a deep, red leather chesterfield-style sofa, handing Paul a large brandy glass with far too much brandy in it. “So, what have you got for me, Paul? What are we looking at? Who is Sebastian?” 
“As we suspected, Prime Minister, Sebastian is not a person. He is a computer. A very clever computer, as it turns out, able to hold thousands of different conversations with people dispersed across the UK and actually the world, simultaneously. And these conversations are not the typical conversation you’d expect to have with a computer. You can’t tell you’re not talking to a human. Also, Sebastian isn’t following a rigid text. His approach is similar and anticipates the response of the victim, but is flexible enough to adapt and change its approach according to the responses the individual gives. Interestingly, when some of those who are called, challenge Sebastian, or don’t follow the expected response route, then Sebastian simply hangs up and the line goes dead. But that doesn’t happen very often.” 
“So,” the PM mused, “we’re looking at a computer led assault on our financial system?” 
“Not directly. I don’t think this is a direct attack on the UK’s economy. It’s not going after us - the nation or the City - I would say that it’s going after the money. It’s not attacking the banks, it’s stealing money from its customers.” 
The PM sipped his brandy, thinking.
“So Paul, is this a banking scam, or a cyberattack?”
Paul coughed.
“Sir, I understand the nuances we’re playing here, so I would like to be careful with my reply. I don’t think this is a cyberattack being launched against our infrastructure. It is however, a highly complex banking scam that is enabled by what appears to be a truly sophisticated computer program that undoubtedly is being driven by Artificial Intelligence.” 
“Sebastian?” 
“Yes, sir. We can call the AI, Sebastian, for now, if you wish. Although, it’s just a program and we can’t tell if the program identifies itself as being Sebastian, or that’s just the name it’s using in the banking scam.” 
“What do you mean, ‘identifies itself’?” 
“I mean we don’t know if the AI program is able to think and has given itself an identity, or it’s just been programmed to introduce itself as Sebastian. The likelihood of someone having developed a sentient AI program that has adopted a personal identity, like a human, without us knowing about it, is highly unlikely. We’d know about it.” 
“But you didn’t know about Sebastian?” The PM glared at him. “So, who’s behind this, then? The Chinese? They’ve got Quantum Computers now, I hear?” 
“Yes, they do. But we do too.” 
“We do? I didn’t know about that…” 
“Sorry, it’s a case of need to know, Prime Minister. Highly classified.  I thought you knew…” 
“I don’t. And I’m the PM.” 
“My apologies, but I can’t say anything more just now. You’ll need to discuss this…” 
“You work for me! If I tell you to tell me, I expect you to tell me everything.” 
“It’s not that simple, sir. I… can’t.” 
“You bloody well can, my boy. And you bloody well will.”
“I’m sorry, Sir, but you’d need to get the Home Secretary and the Head of the Secret Services to clear that first…” 
Paul could see the PM’s face turning slightly red. A volcano preparing to erupt.
“Sir, please, can we get back to my report? I need your expertise and advice on how we proceed. And I would like to answer the questions you were just about to ask me.” 
“Which were?” 
“Who is behind Sebastian, and why they’re doing this?” 
The PM’s eyes darted back and forth, then he nodded, having agreed with himself that those would have been his next questions. 
“Okay, so who’s behind this, then? It’s not the French, is it?” 
“No. Sir, not to our knowledge, although if there’s something you’re not telling me that I should know…?” 
“Need to know, Paul. And right now… you don’t need to know!” The PM smiled. 
“I’m joking. There’s no reason to think it’s the frogs. Let’s move on. Okay, good.  So, the team at MI5 have done initial analysis of the traffic across the UK’s communications’ networks, and they’ve concluded that the source of Sebastian’s telephone calls are mostly abroad. I say mostly, because they’ve identified a data centre in Swansea which seems to be involved. However, the rest of the calls are… perhaps I should say, to explain it easier - hybrid in nature. It’s complex, sir, but I’ll try to explain it simply. The victim receives a telephone call on their traditional landline. The phone rings in their house, they pick it up, and Sebastian is talking to them. But Sebastian is, as we said, a computer, calling from abroad. Where from exactly we don’t know, but the thing to know here is that the phone calls from Sebastian start as digital packets within a server that are transported across a digital computer network until at some point they get converted into voice packets that sound like a person speaking. Most of the time, though, the voice we hear is not voice, really, its 1’s and 0’s of digital binary computer speak being carried across computer networks encapsulated in a computer language , or protocol, called ‘IP’.  So, in part of the network we have a human voice being transported across the old copper telephone lines, and then in another part of the network it’s all digital, 1’s and 0’s. At some point, there is a handover, a change from voice to digital, or from digital to voice. For the purpose of making this easier to understand, shall we just say that we can trace the calls to the initial gateways where the exchange between Sebastian and the victim swap from voice to digital or digital to voice, but beyond that we begin to lose the scent. The digital part of the conversation can be routed through gateway after gateway, around the world and back several times. It’s very difficult to find out where the calls actually start and finish. Where Sebastian actually is. But our guess is that what we are looking at here is effectively a botnet of servers across the world, each of which runs the AI programs that create Sebastian. And that these servers are controlled by another nation state... ” 
“A botnet? What the hell is that?” 
“A Robot Network. A Bot Net. A network made up of computing capability which has been distributed across many different computer platforms. Basically, PM, the threat actors… or people behind distributed cyberattacks create software which they then hide in our people’s computers across world. These programs sit and wait patiently until one day the person who controls them gives them an instruction.  The person who is behind the cyber malware which they’ve managed to hide in other people’s computers is called the ‘bot herder’ or ‘botmaster’, and they ‘Command and Control’ all the software programs hidden across the world. When it suits them, the “botmaster” sends out a command to his robotic slaves… the pieces of software hidden on other people’s computers or servers, and gives instructions as to what to do. When that happens, the computers under the botmaster’s control might start sending lots of spam mail to random targets across the world… or they could all be told to send emails or initiate computer-based digital conversations with specific targeted computers. When this happens, a targeted computer becomes overwhelmed with other computers calling it all at the same time, and they can’t cope. They go down, are taken offline, don’t work anymore… That’s what we call a Distributed Denial of Service attack, or DDOS attack. Its a classic way for terrorists or campaigners or the military to take down a targeted computer network or service, or for a blackmailer to make money, i.e. ‘Unless you give us ten thousand pounds or agree to our demands, we’ll get our botnet to attack your company and disable all your computers, your servers, your website etc…’ ” 
“Bloody hell, Paul, it’s almost midnight! I didn’t ask you for a bloody university degree, I just wanted to know… ” 
“I’m sorry, Prime Minister, but you need to know this. I’m trying to make it as simple as possible. I don’t expect you to remember it all, but I would like you to get the drift of the basics. Botnets can be used for many things, but this is the primary purpose I’m concerned about. Anyway, bottom line, is that we think Sebastian is actually some form of botnet. But with a difference. Instead of simple software being distributed and hidden across other computers - or servers - across the world, we think Sebastian is multiple instances of independent, autonomous forms of AI based programs. We don’t think that Sebastian can think for itself, but we do think that Sebastian can operate independently of its botmaster once it’s given its commands.” 
“And who gives it its commands. Like I said, is it the Chinese? The French?  Just joking, though…” 
“We don’t know yet. If we’re right, the botnet and each instance of the Sebastian AI software will need to reach out to its master for what we often call Command and Control. To see who’s behind Sebastian, we first have to identify where Sebastian is, and then trace any C&C signals we can observe and find out where they go to. Also, if we can get hold of any of the Sebastian software, we might be able to analyse it to see if we can find clues as to who wrote it.”
“But you haven’t found that yet.” 
“Nope. We still don’t know who’s behind it. Yet. 
“Then why didn’t you just say that? It would have saved time.” 
“But there are other clues, Prime Minister.” 
“Such as?” 
“From what we can see at the moment, and from what we’ve learned from talking to our counterparts in the Five Eyes, and others in the EU, so far, the scam has netted about $2billion, worldwide. It’s an eye watering amount. The largest scam ever conducted. And here’s the clue. That figure is spread out over many different currencies.” 
“And your point is?”
“We’ve seen something like this before. Although not on this scale. It was a ransomware attack spread from a botnet that targeted PCs and servers and demanded payment, although at that time it was in bitcoins. The US government and others attributed the attack to North Korea, and they believe the primary motivation was to generate much needed currency. Our intelligence is suggesting that perhaps this is the next generation of those earlier attacks, but this time actually generating foreign currency and not bitcoin.” 
“Interesting. Sounds plausible. So, does that mean we can’t trace the stolen money back to North Korea, or whoever else could be responsible?” 
“Sadly, no. We’ve already got people onto this, but early thoughts are that the money is being stolen from accounts, transferred to mule accounts, from where it’s quickly transferred to another account, and then another… Basically, smoke and mirrors, and we’ll never find out where it ends up. If it had been bitcoin, perhaps we may have had a chance…” 
“I thought bitcoin was safer for criminals…” 
“It used to be. But that’s ‘need-to-know’. Let’s not go there, Prime Minister. At least, please not now. Anyway, moving on, we’ll have a lot more information on the money flow later. We’ve just started looking at it. We may learn something more, we might not. It depends if we can get lucky, or if we maybe get a bank to give us some insight into some of their account holders.” 
“Do what you can. Obviously… so, what happens next?” The PM stood up, and walked to the window, looking out at the moon, before turning around to face his Cyber Minister. 
“We’ll keep looking at it, Sir, digging deeper into the cyber trail. But there are several things that come out of what we know so far. First, I think we’re facing something new. But the fact that it’s new doesn’t at this point mean it’s something we need to be as concerned about as we first thought. Now we know what we do, I think the best way to address your main concern about how this affects the economy is to simply address the nation, warn them what’s happening, and tell everyone not to talk with Sebastian, and not to call the bank immediately using the same line. The Sebastian scam relies upon the connection between Sebastian and the victim not being broken. If they called back their bank on another phone to check their account, that would be fine. Alternatively, they should ensure their connection was broken by trying to call another number first, such as their mobile number, and see if it rings or not and they get through. I think that if we start warning people tomorrow and do a good PR campaign about it, there won’t be the chaos the banks were previously worried about. And once people stop falling for the scam, my feeling is that the scam will go away. Sebastian will give up. We’ve seen that before. Once numbers fall below a certain level, the scam winds up. The scammers move on to something else. It’s not worth their time or the risk of being caught.” 
“I agree. I’ll get that organised as soon as you leave…” The PM replied. 
“No need. I’ve already done it. The BBC will be issuing a statement from tomorrow morning on every news bulletin. I just need you to approve it now. The same statement will go out on Radio, TV, Social Media and to several of the newspapers, the Times, the Guardian etc. I’ve asked them to make sure the announcements are prominent, informative and friendly, but not alarmist.” 
Paul pulled out a printed piece of paper and a pen from his briefcase and handed them to the Prime Minister. The PM sat down on his sofa, took a sip of his brandy and then studied the statement. He made a few grunts of approval, then took the pen and signed it. 
“Excellent. I’m impressed. Thank you, Paul. I appreciate your help.” The Prime Minister smiled, then pointed at Paul’s glass. “Another?”
Paul smiled. He hadn’t touched the drink he’d been given yet. 
“No thank you, Sir. I’ll be heading back to the office now. Just a few things to finish before I head home. And I’ve an early start. However, there is one more thing. A rather important issue, actually.” 
“Which is?” 
“This is an international affair. It’s probably less the Security Service, and more SIS. Shall I brief the SIS?” 
“Do you think it’s necessary? I mean, if the announcements tomorrow knock this scam on the head, do we need to get Daniels involved. I’ve always found him a little condescending.” 
Paul nodded. He understood the reluctance. David Daniels was a highly experienced and very capable leader of the SIS, but he didn’t suffer fools lightly, and the relationship with the PM was always slightly strained. 
“I think we should, Sir. MI5, if you prefer to call them that, don’t have the authority to do some of the work that MI6 can do. The world of cyber is changing. In the old days, it was all just monitoring and watching and to be quite honest, far too hands off. Nowadays, we need to be more active. We need to reach out into foreign networks, find out which servers and organisations are playing with UK assets and interests, and then do whatever is necessary to remediate the threat. We can no longer be seen to be weak. That said, even MI6 is still limited in the things they can do. They can’t be too aggressive because then we’d just be like the threat actors we’re trying to take down, but still, when that’s necessary… there are other ways. Ways which won’t come back to us, if it gets out. If you know what I mean.” 
“Are you talking about ACT?” the PM laughed.  
Paul looked surprised. He hadn’t expected the PM to know about ACT. 
“Exactly. ACT. If we get them involved, they’ll ‘ACT’ promptly, do whatever is necessary.  The Advanced Cyber Team have never let us down yet.” 
“Where are they based, then?” 
“That’s need to know, Sir. Need to know.” 
“Bloody hell, Paul, I’m the bloody Prime Minister. There’s nothing I don’t need to know. Tell me where they’re based!” Paul turned a little red. 
“Actually, I don’t know. Very few people do. And I’m not one of them. But the call to involve ACT will have to come from David Daniels, with your authorisation.” “It’s Ray Luck, isn’t it? The Director of ACT, I mean.” 
Paul’s face went blank. 
“Yes, that’s him. He heads up ACT. But how do you know that, Sir, if I may ask?” 
“Aha. That, if you’ll excuse the expression, is purely need-to-know!” The Prime Minister smiled back, and touched the side of his nose. “Anyway, while I’m still one up on you, it’s probably time to call it a night.” 
The Cyber Minister got the hint, stood up, scanned the table and chair to make sure he’d left nothing, and then shook the PM’s hand. 
“I’ll keep you informed. I’ll send you another report tomorrow, and each day, as things develop.” 
“You do that, Paul. Thanks. Keep up the good work.” 
Minutes later, Paul was heading back to his office in his car. 
Just to be sure, he pulled out his mobile and checked through his encrypted contact list. When he found the contact for David Daniels he rang it. In spite of the late hour, the phone was answered after only two rings.  
“David? It’s Paul Harrison. Something new is just about to land on your lap. I’ll email you the details in ten minutes when I’m back in my office.” 
“Sebastian?” 
“Yes.” 
“Good,” David Daniels replied, “I was expecting your call.” 
 	 
 
Chapter 7
Day Four 
San José 
California 

Robert Lee sat at his desk, scanning the news reports coming in from around the world. The news was not good, although predictable. But he was still very pleased: in truth, Phase One of the trial had gone better than could ever have been expected.  
As CEO of ‘Red Mountain Cyber Defence’, one of the top cyber companies in America and with offices across the globe, Robert had his thumb on the pulse of the cyber landscape. It was not only his job to know what was going on in the cyber world, but it was his duty: his duty not to his companies, his shareholders, or the US Government, but to those who he really served. 
After graduating from Stanford, for the fifteen years it had taken Robert to build up Red Mountain from a small operation in his garage to the global concern it was now, he had been the perfect, invisible sleeper. He had lived the American Dream, slept the American Dream, and to all those who knew him, he was the American Dream. Yet, despite everything that appeared to the contrary, Robert Lee hated the United States, and the West, with a passion. 
Many years ago, before he had left his homeland and moved to America, he had sworn to use his life and knowledge as a weapon to help destroy all those responsible for the death of his grandfather and the destruction of his family honour which had then indirectly led to the suicide of his father. The US, and the West were responsible. Both were equally evil. And both would pay. 
Then three years ago, after being dormant all those years, the call had come, the code-words and passwords had been exchanged, and Robert had been activated. 
And not before time. 
Since his diagnosis last year, Robert’s time in this world was now limited. 
Cancer. Incurable. 
Robert was on a one-way ticket to join his forefathers, but before he got there, he had much to achieve. 
As well as Red Mountain Cyber Defence, Robert was the founder and majority owner of Red Mountain Industrial Technologies, Red Mountain Software and Red Mountain Analytics. The companies were all linked, and had grown organically over the years as Red Mountain Cyber Defence had evolved and expanded, growing its customer base and specialisations. 
Initially, any funding Robert had required had become available from his sponsor, his motherland, who had invested in him and his future, knowing that at some point they could expect Robert to do his duty when called upon to do so. But, after paying for his attendance at Stanford, and establishing a few necessary business contacts, Robert had been left alone, and the rest of his success had been down to him.  
Robert was now a very wealthy man. Rich beyond the dreams of any average person. However, to Robert, money was only a means to an end. 
To power. 
And the power to destroy the West. 
 
Robert had once been married. 
To a wonderful Korean woman he had been introduced to, Hana, who had shared the same motivations and dreams as he. Although there had been some initial encouragement by his sponsors to form a partnership and marry - agents working towards a common goal - their mutual interests and her natural beauty had drawn Robert to her from their very first meeting. 
Theirs had been a real romance. And a happy life together. Until she had been killed in a motor vehicle collision in Los Angeles. 
She had been killed by a drunk-driver, hurrying to a baseball match, her life swallowed up in a second and spat out without any regard for the destruction and loneliness it would leave behind in the wake of her passing. 
Her death had intensified Robert’s hatred of America. Its throw-away life-style where Americans existed and consumed and grew fat, but without culture, or real values, or consideration for others. 
Take, take, and more take. 
After her death, Robert had funnelled all his energies into the pursuit of their mission, determined to make his wife proud of him, and to give as much credit as possible to his wife when their success would be later recognised by his motherland. And with no children to care for, Robert had set out to create his own. 
Virtual children that would take over the running of his companies when Robert would retire. Or die, as was now mostly likely to happen first. Children that would now carry on and complete the mission that he and his wife had set out to achieve, but now may not. 
Children that, when once set free, would live on. 
Indefinitely. 
Unstoppable. 
And would never be lonely, as he was now. 
Robert’s children would be different. 
A new type of being. 
A superior being. 
The first of a new generation. 
Self-learning. 
Self-sufficient. 
Connected. 
Focussed. 
Determined. 
Powerful. 
Never alone, they would share a common consciousness.  
Independent beings, that functioned as one, that identified as one, but were each capable of self-determined action that was in keeping with their common goal. 
For almost two decades, Robert had been developing and refining his children, nurturing them, watching them mature and teaching them everything he could. Upon hearing of his diagnosis, Robert had retreated from the world and focussed increasing amounts of time on his offspring, determined that they would be able to survive without him, when the time came. 
Then came the awakening. The call to action from his sponsors. The command to rise up and be counted as one of the warriors around the world who would fight for the motherland. 
His children, his creations, were almost ready. But even though they were not yet perfect, they were programmed to self-perfect. To get better and evolve over time.
To learn. To improve. 
To become more powerful. 
Robert had always hated the term ‘Artificial Intelligence.’ AI was a term-coined by those who lacked the vision and capability to create an intelligence that was more powerful than human intelligence. The term itself was self-limiting and was one he refused to use.  
Although his children were destined, over time, to become more powerful than their creator, for now, they were still young. 
They looked to him for guidance and encouragement. 
In a moment of human weakness, Robert had identified himself to his children as ‘Father’.  
And when he spoke to them, or they spoke to humans, his children shared one, common identity. 
 
Sebastian. 
 
Chapter 8
Day Five 
MI6 Morning Briefing 
 
David Daniels, the Chief of the Secret Intelligence Service, sat behind his big mahogany desk and listened to the reports being given by the section heads. 
Although it was bottom of the agenda, due after reports from ongoing investigations into the latest terrorist threats and the current security threats posed by China and Russia, Daniels had a feeling that their focus on the Sebastian Scam had the potential to grow and take on unprecedented proportions for any cyber threat. For years, those concerned about the cyber defence of the nation had worried that one day, they would be attacked, not by a human armed with expert cyber knowledge, but by a computer with expert human knowledge. One day, the tables would turn, and under the direction of a foreign power, some form of AI would attack the UK and its interests. Everyone knew it was a question of time, not ‘if’. 
Daniels’ gut instincts told him that the Sebastian Banking Scam was such a threat, and it would prove to be the first of many. 
The good news was that the briefings by the press to the public concerning the Sebastian Banking Scam had had the desired effect. Now informed, the susceptibility of the public to the scam was slashed, and the number of people falling for it dwindled hour by hour. 
As the day progressed, Sebastian stopped calling. 
He must have realised that the advantage of surprise he’d once had was now gone. An increasing number of people knew that if Sebastian called, it was a scam. 
They shouldn’t speak to Sebastian and mustn’t do anything he asked. 
By the early hours of this morning, reports from countries across the world showed that wherever the press informed their public directly about the scam, Sebastian ran out of steam. 
Soon, the calls from Sebastian across the world dried up. 
Sebastian was gone. 
Seemingly. 
Although Daniels and his counterpart in the Security Service didn’t believe it.
Not for one minute. 
Why would he be gone? 
It was estimated that in the space of four days, Sebastian had stolen over six billion dollars of foreign currency from nations across the world. Somewhere, someplace, either a cyber gang had become richer than any other criminal gang in history, or an unfriendly nation state had just had its bank accounts restocked.  
Whether it was a criminal gang or a foreign power, one of their team had estimated that the Sebastian scam had stolen more money in a few days, than all the criminals in history added together. 
They were now in dangerous territory.  
Even if Sebastian didn’t come back later, whoever was behind Sebastian was now empowered to do whatever they wanted. Given that this was a criminal scam, the likelihood was that the money obtained through the scam would simply be used to fuel something even bigger and better. Terrorism? Nuclear weapons? A small war?  
But the likelihood was that whoever was behind Sebastian would just be emboldened and encouraged by their success to move onto something new.
Potentially even more of a money-spinner, or something far more dangerous. 
But what would that be? 
What would be next? 
Daniels didn’t know yet, but it would be something. 
Which meant that the UK and its allies needed to find and kill Sebastian before they heard from it again. 
Of the six objectives that his counterpart in the Security Services had shared with him, only one, the first, had been completed: they had proved that Sebastian was an AI program. 
Beyond that, they had still failed to identify where Sebastian came from, who was controlling it, where all the money had gone to, from where Sebastian operated, and how they could shut it down. 
All of these objectives were significantly challenging, even with the significant resources now at their disposal.  
In recent years, successive governments had realised that the world was changing more rapidly than ever forecast. The cyber threat was becoming the second greatest threat to the human race, second only to climate change and all its ramifications. Historically, the UK and its allies had invested most of its MOD budgets in troops, ships, airplanes, submarines and nuclear weapons, but as was shown recently when North Korea launched several inter-continental ballistic missiles that crashed into the sea after take-off, there was much to be said for empowering a cyber-geek to hack into an enemy’s command-and-control system, change some flight instructions in real-time, and covertly redirect a nuclear weapon into the sea instead of flying its true course. 
Using cyber power, there was an argument that physical weapons were becoming obsolete. Why invest billions in weapons systems which a clever cyber enemy can simply reconfigure and disable via the internet? 
Alternatively, why build vaults made of steel to protect your bank, when a cyber-attacker - or threat actor as they were increasingly called - could theoretically just hack into the bank’s operating system, bypass the steel doors and physical security systems and empty the contents of its digital vaults, and effectively steal the entire bank? And without anyone noticing? 
When the allies invaded Iraq during the first Gulf War in 1991, what was one of the first things the allies did? Bomb the cities to oblivion? No. They used their fledgling cyber power - which was trivial in comparison to today’s capabilities – to hack into the traffic light systems of the cities, and turn the lights permanently to red, causing gridlock and pandemonium. This downgraded the enemy’s ability to get troops from ‘A’ to ‘B’ and brought cities to a standstill. 
Scarily, not only were the capabilities used back then like historical antiques when compared to the techniques available today, but there were now many nation states with grudges against the West that could use similar, often easily available knowledge to bring any Western country to its feet. Worse, was that many of these nations would have no quibbles about using such cyber power as a weapon. Which meant that increasingly it was important that the enemies of the UK knew, unequivocally, that the UK would hit back hard against anyone, or anything, that threated UK Cyber space. In other words, the billions of pounds being spent on Nuclear Détente were quickly being overtaken by a new requirement for Cyber Détente. Don’t hack us, or we’ll hack you back, bring you down, and then delete you.  
Unfortunately, although great progress had been made, politicians were still reluctant to put their capabilities where their mouths were. They talked a lot about using cyber power to safeguard the nation, but were still nervous about adopting what Daniels considered to be a realistic cyber policy. Daniels and his peers had done a good job of persuading the past few governments to increase their spending on cyber research and cyber defence, but even so, the intelligence agencies were still handicapped in their ability to proactively disable those who would seek to do the UK harm. There had been lots of talk about ‘Active Cyber Defence’ but there were still too many rules, regulations and limitations which prevented UK-based agencies from flexing their cyber-muscles and getting on with the job of finding and eliminating cyber threats and those who were behind them. Daniels had once cracked the insider pun in a meeting, “We no longer need 007 James Bond, we need 0101 James Bond.”
It wasn’t necessarily funny, but it was relevant. 
 
As the meeting progressed and they moved down the different topics, cases and issues to be discussed on the Agenda, Daniels paid attention to each of them but was eager to move on. Everything else on the agenda that morning was serious, but Daniels knew them all to be insignificant, if only in the sense that they would deal with them and conquer them in the due course of time. 
Sebastian, on the other hand… 
Eventually, Sebastian’s turn came. 
As expected, there had not yet been time for anyone to make any significant strides forward in pursuit of the objectives, but during the meeting, Daniels confirmed the allocation of each of the five remaining objectives to a different team. They agreed to report at the end of each shift, and that 24 by 7 focus would be given. 
“Peters, please stay behind for a second.” Daniels commanded, as the meeting came to a close, and everyone was dismissed back to their stations. 
Chloe Peters was one of the youngest section heads within the service. She’d proven herself time and time again working flat out at the coal face, with a clock ticking down and a threat growing more imminent by the second. In all cases, not only had her brilliance won the day, but also her people management skills, where she had explained to others what she was trying to do, got them to share her vision, and then persuade them to help her. In each case, twelve times so far, she had been proven right, and her skills, inspiration and leadership had saved countless British lives. Six months ago, she’d officially been given her own department, and since then, her team had gone from strength to strength. 
“Shut the door, please. I want to ask you something.” 
Peters let the door close, then followed Daniel’s direction and took a seat near to him at the table. 
“What do you think?” he asked, smiling, but focused on Peter’s eyes. 
“About which issue, Sir? There are several here.” she asked. 
“Objective six. How will we be able to shut him down, if Sebastian is what we think he is, and he’s international?” 
“Ah…that one. Well, unless you can convince the PM to pass your proposed amendment to the Cyber Powers Act 2022, then I can’t see anyone in the UK being effective in shutting Sebastian down, if he is what you think he is.” 
“So, what’s the solution?” Daniels already knew the answer. He just needed to see if Peters knew it too. 
“ACT. Sir. And if you’ll excuse the pun, ACT now, while Sebastian is going into what is probably only a temporary hibernation. We need the Advanced Cyber Team to get to grips with this now, and then do what’s necessary. Whatever is necessary, Sir.”
Daniels smiled.  
Correct answer. 
Only a few people knew of ACT, and Peters was one of them. She was also one of the few people in the SIS to have met Ray Luck, its leader.
“I’d like you to liaise with them. Catch the next flight out. Find Luck, brief him. And get him on board. Your instructions are in this envelope.”
Daniels smiled, and pushed a brown, sealed envelope across the table with Chloe’s name on the front of it. 
“Yes, Sir. I’ll make the necessary arrangements and leave tomorrow.” 
“Tonight, if you can? You don’t need to go home first, just use the credit card for anything you need. Time, I fear, is of the essence.” 
“May I ask, has the PM approved this?” 
“No. But he will. By the time I’ve had the conversation with him, you’ll be with 
Luck. That’s all that’s important just now.” 
“Sir, you know that even if he approves it, I can’t be seen to be contacting ACT. There can be no official or verifiable contact with Luck or any member of his team. Their capability, mission and actions must never be connected with the UK.” Daniels nodded, then spoke. 
“Contact me the usual way when you’ve briefed Ray. In the meantime, I’ll leave it to you to appoint a temporary leader for your team. And you can inform them you’ve been sent to the US to meet with your counterpart over there to discuss Sebastian. Finally, when you meet Luck, give him my regards.  And tell him, we’re counting on him…”  


Chapter 9
Who is the Creator?  

Angela White was three hours into her second shift chasing Objective Three.  
After Chief Daniel’s meeting, each of the groups had left with a different objective to pursue. In reality, and as discussed in the meeting, several of the objectives were very similar, but by giving each to a different team, the hope was they would come at the answers from different angles. With any luck, if only one or two of the objectives were met, it would lead to a series of successful results all round. 
It was Angela’s team objective to find out who was controlling Sebastian. This objective in itself was ambiguous and needed to be refined further in order for the answers to make better sense. 
As Angela had learned many years before, the person who was behind an attack was not necessarily the same person, ‘thing’ or computer, that was controlling it. An attacker could plan and set up an attack, but then back away and watch from a distance as it happened. Such cyberattacks were increasingly automated and carried out by distributed computer programs, or slaves, that were hidden on other computers and set targets and tasks by another master program - a typical master slave ‘bot-net’ architecture. In these botnets the slaves were sent instructions by the master, or periodically instructed to call back to the master to get their latest instructions. The computer signalling that went on between the slaves and their master were often termed ‘Command-and-Control’ or ‘C2’ signals, and it was these C2 signals that often gave the game away that a cyberattack was underway, or was being planned. In her role, Angela’s task was often to look for the C2 signals hidden amongst all the rest of computer network traffic. Once she could detect a C2 command, then isolate it, she may be able to identify characteristics of those C2 signals which then enabled her to track and trace those specific C2 signals as they moved from one network to another, right across the world. If she could ever find where the C2 signalling ended up, she might be able to identify the destination, or origin, of the botmaster. Knowing where the botmaster was would then give her team, and others, lots of options and valuable information. 
For example, it may help indicate who was behind an attack. May help. Not always. Increasingly, cyberattackers were secretly installing the main program that controlled a cyberattack on the servers or computers of unsuspecting organisations in other countries, in the hope that in the eventuality that their botmaster was tracked down, that another country or cyber gang got the blame for it! In other words, the location of the botmaster, which was software on a machine, was not always the same as the location of the person who created the software which was the botmaster! 
Also, once the botmaster was discovered, they could observe the signals emanating from the botmaster to its slaves, and thus hopefully track down where all the bot slaves were installed. 
Plus, and this was an important possibility, if the creator of the botmaster was remote from the botmaster, they could hopefully track communications between its creator and the botmaster. Sometimes, not always. A clever botmaster creator would be very wary of this potential monitoring and take extra precautions to avoid detection in this way. 
Angela knew there were many other things that could be done once the botmaster was detected, but for now, none of these concerned her. 
Interpreting the 3rd objective which was given to her team, it was therefore their responsibility to find who was controlling Sebastian. Understanding that Sebastian was a not a person, but an entity consisting of multiple installations or instances of artificially intelligent software - the botslaves - her team’s role would be to find both the botmaster controlling the botslaves, and the person who was controlling the botmaster. Two different things, and in actuality, two different tasks. 
Hopefully, though, if you got one, you might get enough information to get the other. 
From what they’d learned about Sebastian so far, this botnet was like no other they had ever seen so far.  
It was worrying. 
And scary. 
But to Angela and her team, it was also exciting. 
A challenge. 
How they would achieve the objective was not clear. Threat actors were getting cleverer and cleverer every day, more advanced, more prepared for the tricks and tradecraft that agencies would use to track them down. They were being more devious. Sneaky. And brilliant. 
But if they didn’t make a start, her team would never get anywhere. 
Which was why Angela was now concentrating. Hard. And searching the World Wide Web for the digital footprints that Sebastian may have left behind, and which would hopefully lead them home to his controller and creator

-------------------- 
Show me the money! 
Objective Four 

Gordon Knight was not in a good mood. He was angry and frustrated.
Although he was one of the SIS’s financial experts and was considered adept at tracking down money when it was stolen and moved through the financial system, he’d already spent several hours looking at where Sebastian was transferring the stolen money to, and so far was not making any real progress. Normally, by now, with his technical prowess and with the tools and tradecraft at his fingertips, he would have got somewhere, but so far… he’d found… very, very little information at all. That part accounted for his frustration. The anger part came from the fact that Gordon’s mother had been one of Sebastian’s victims. To the tune of eight thousand pounds. Money which his mother could ill afford to lose. And which, Gordon would probably end up replacing from his own pocket, given that the banks were still disputing liability and insisting they had no legal requirement to compensate Sebastian’s victims. What sort of people were targeting and stealing money from old people, many of whom now struggled to programme a washing machine to do the weekly wash, let alone manage and cope with such a complicated fraud like Sebastian’s? 
Gordon had declared his potential ‘conflict of interest’, citing his anger and closeness to the case, but his director had simply smiled, nodded, and admitted that his own father and mother had also been scammed. He’d also pointed out that in this case, a little extra incentive to track down the bastard or bastards behind the Sebastian scam, was actually probably beneficial.  
“We’re lucky to have you on the team, Gordon, and you’re not going anywhere.” His manager had told him. “Get to work, do what you can, and let me have your first report on my desk with the others from the team in twenty-four hours.”   No pressure then. 
Which only added to the frustration. The anger. 
And the determination to identify the money trail, and get it all back. 
 
Before Gordon’s team had been let loose on Objective Four, their Team Director had sat with them all in their Incident Room, discussed the task they all faced and pre-empted some of the difficulties that lay ahead. 
“The scale of this scam is unprecedented.” The Director had said. “But we all know that in the last few years, cybercrimes against banks have been increasing. Although no one is covering it up, most of the public have no idea just how lucrative cybercrime is becoming. Or how, when it’s done correctly, and no one spots it, criminals can steal vast sums of money, often completely unnoticed. Anyone who doubts this can read the details about the Bangladesh Bank heist in 2016 where cyber criminals with insider knowledge of how systems operated, initiated false transactions that transferred vast amounts from the bank’s legitimate accounts to other accounts set up by the criminals. Although most of the false transactions were spotted when the hackers made a stupid spelling mistake in the transfer instructions, five were successful, and in those five transactions alone, $101 million US dollars were sent to other accounts, with $20 million traced to Sri Lanka and $81 million to the Philippines. If they had only learnt to spell properly at school, it’s anyone’s guess how much they would have got away with!” 
The others in the room had laughed. 
“From everything we’ve seen so far, Sebastian’s actions seem to have been very carefully planned and thought out. There must have been tremendous preparation going into this. Years’ worth. And it requires significant knowledge of multiple systems and banking processes. Not only someone who knows how banks work, but how telephone networks function, how cyber defence systems operate… and how the criminal underworld works.” The Director paused and looked around the room. 
“Two of you on the team are relatively new, so we’ll first consider a summarised version of how large scale financial crimes typically work nowadays. The rest of you bear with me for a moment. Then after that we’ll think about what we as a team now need to find out. And find out soon. Okay?” 
Nods all round. 
“Okay, so banking scams and large scale cyber thefts like these don’t just happen. By the time the money is stolen, a large amount of preparatory work has already gone into preparing places to hide the money, or make the bank transfers and transactions look valid, and also to hide or obfuscate the ownership and origin of the stolen funds. Then, once the money is hidden, or stored somewhere, significant preparation has also gone into planning how to convert that stolen money into other assets that can then be moved elsewhere. Last, the threat actors have to plan how to reintroduce that stolen money back into the financial system so they can benefit from it. There’s no point in having a large pot of cash or assets, which you can never touch or use. There’s lots of ways these things can be done. In most cases, there’s always someone with insider knowledge, someone who gets involved voluntarily, or is coerced against their will to do so. Insiders can help set up new bank accounts which are used to store stolen funds, or bank accounts can be hijacked from living or deceased account holders, and taken over by the fraudsters. And once the money is hidden, and the threat actors or cyber criminals have full control of the money or assets, it has to be laundered and transformed into new, clean assets that no one will suspect, which can then be used freely by those who stole the money. There are several examples here, i.e. the money is used to buy gold or jewellery, or art, which is then sold and the money is thus laundered. The trick in laundering is to use as few people as possible, because each human in the chain poses a security risk to the criminals. However, using humans to access the stolen funds and carry them from A to B, or transfer them from one account to another, is common. These people are known as ‘money mules’ for obvious reasons. An example of the use of money mules is when a large amount of money is deposited in a hijacked or even a legitimate account, perhaps in many such accounts, and then many money mules are issued with fake or cloned banking cards, and over an agreed period of time, they all go to local ATMs, perhaps spread across the world, and withdraw significant amounts of money from the same or multiple accounts. Once the thieves have access to the money, they also often convert the money from one currency to another via a foreign exchange, send it to another account, and then change it back to another currency. Moving money from one account to another, and then another, makes it really difficult to track what’s going on, and very hard to find out who is behind each transaction. Before I shut up, I just want to mention my favourite scam. It goes like this: a criminal gang with a large amount of money gets their money mules to set up accounts with Casinos. The stolen money is then transferred to these casino accounts. The money mule-casino account holders then go to the casino, withdraw their funds in chips, play a little roulette or card games, then return to the casino and cash out the chips into cash. They then effectively have large amounts of clean, laundered cash they can do with what they want. When they work for a gang, they give the money back to the gang who puts it all into a new bank account, and then transfers the money somewhere else.”
The Director looked around the room. Everyone was switched on, paying attention. Even those who’d heard it all before. 
“The problem we have is that it is becoming harder and harder to follow the money, and the more the criminals move the money, and the faster they do it, the harder it is for anyone in law enforcement to track it down. Which means, that the more preparatory work the criminals do upfront, the more chance they have of succeeding. These people know what they’re doing. I shouldn’t really say this, but these guys are impressive. Clever. Some of the things they do are amazing. But, and this is the best part, a significant number of all cyber thefts are discovered because the criminals do not have English as their mother tongue and at some point in the electronic paper trail, they make a spelling mistake. If it weren’t for those simple spelling mistakes I’ve already mentioned, it’s scary to think just how many of the cyber thefts we’ve discovered would actually have been successful. For example, in the Bangladesh Bank Heist, the spelling mistakes cost the thieves an estimated $850million. And quite a few years in prison, for those we did actually finally catch. However, the Bangladesh Heist did show us all one thing, and that is that it’s possible to steal vast amounts of money, in microseconds, without being spotted.” 
A round of nodding heads. 
“Good, so, let’s consider what this tells us about those behind Sebastian, shall we? Firstly, it tells us that they know about banks and how the financial systems work. In fact, they know a lot. A lot. Secondly, since we know this is a computer talking to humans via a telephone system, we know that the cyber criminals know about the convergence of modern telephone networks and about Voice-over-IP systems, at scale. And since Sebastian is almost certainly an AI-based system, they know about AI. In fact, they may be world leaders in AI. The fact that this scam requires so much expertise, and preparation, means that we are either looking at several different cyber gangs working together, each of whom have significant resource backing them, or we are looking at a nation state, i.e. a foreign power, who is behind it. In which case, this could be considered an act of war by a foreign power. Against multiple nations.” 
The Director let his words hang in the air for maximum effect. 
“At this stage we don’t know who it is, but we need to find out. Soon. Which is why you’re here, because this part will be your job! Any questions?”
Gordon Night nodded, and after catching the Director’s eye, spoke. 
“Globally, Sebastian has netted a fortune. It’s the largest theft in history. Or at least, it’s the largest theft in history that we know of! So, what is he doing with the money?” 
The Director acknowledged the question, but left it a few moments before answering. 
“That depends who is behind it. If it’s a criminal gang, or gangs, then they will probably take some as profit to fund their lavish lifestyles, then reinvest the rest into their criminal empires. Typically, they may buy drugs, and sell them. Make even more money. Maybe even use the money to buy land to grow more drugs. Or they may use it to diversify and fund legitimate businesses or to grow their gangs. To expand… If it’s a nation behind this, and this is my worst fear, they may use the money to fund illegal programmes that they have to keep off the radar. For example, developing nuclear weapons, or organising and paying for terrorist networks to expand their ideologies oversees. Or, in some cases, they may be using it to buy food to feed their starving millions. We don’t and won’t know until we can find out who Sebastian is, who created him, and who he serves.” 
The Director stood up and walked around the room. After he’d done a full circuit, he turned to the team. 
“Now let’s come to the question of why this is different. Why this is no ordinary bank scam. And why we should be scared.” 
The room was silent. All eyes were still on the Director. If a pin had dropped, everyone would have been deafened. 
“In a typical bank scam, the cyber criminals steal from the bank. In this scam, Sebastian is a computer who is potentially stealing from the account holders. So far, we only know that Sebastian scams the passwords and information necessary to access accounts from the account holders. What we need to do next is to find out if Sebastian is then also accessing the accounts and arranging the transfers of the money. Or are humans doing that? If so, how big is the organisation? How many people are involved? Across the world? How large is the criminal gang or enemy that we are facing? Where do they operate from? We need to establish where the money trail goes. And, for me personally, this is the big one, why does Sebastian, or his boss, need so much money? It goes back to Gordon’s question. Once the criminals have the money, what are they going to do with it? The reality is that the money may already be gone. We’re too late for that part. But if we know what the money is to be used for, maybe we can stop that.” 
The Director paused. 
“And that,” he said slowly, “is my biggest fear. What’s going to come next?”

 
Chapter 10
Day Five 
San José California 
. 
Robert Lee was tired. In the past twenty-four hours he had achieved a great deal. He  had worked for two days without sleeping, thanks to one of the yellow pills he would take from time to time, to help him concentrate, stay awake, and overcome the pain from the cancer. But as the sun was beginning to set over the San Francisco Bay, his mind was becoming slower, and less alert, and Robert knew that it would be dangerous to continue. He needed to sleep. 
At this stage in the proceedings, making a mistake was not something he could afford. 
There was still so much to do before Phase Two. Phase One had just been a trial. A time to let Sebastian find his walking legs and explore the realms of his possibilities.  
 Across the world, Sebastian had acquired over four billion dollars’ worth of funds, which within hours had been squirrelled away into a series of safe accounts, or converted into other assets which could then be legitimately sold over the coming months, as and when they were needed. Needed not by him, but by his sponsor. All the money obtained had been given to his motherland. Robert was already rich, and had no need of the money. And where he was going, he couldn’t take it with him. Literally. 
Anyway, for Robert, the money was never the point. To him, and Sebastian, acquiring the money had purely been an exercise. A practice run. A time when Sebastian could flex his muscles and prepare for the main events to come. 
But now, with most of the countries in the world having followed the UK and initiated public awareness campaigns to warn their populations against the ‘Sebastian Banking Scam’, or whatever it had translated into in their local languages, Sebastian’s wings had been clipped, and there was little point in continuing the exercise.  
It was time to make Sebastian disappear. 
For now. 
The drive down to his favourite beach in the Bay had taken him no more than twenty minutes from his luxurious house on the outskirts of the city. 
Robert loved the sea. He always had. 
After he parked his car, he walked down to the edge of the sea, sat down on a rock, took out a burner phone, and inserted a new SIM card into it.  
He then dialled a number, which he had set up to bounce off numerous different exchanges and be re-routed several times before it connected with a server somewhere in England, in a data call centre near Vauxhall in Central London. Which had deliberately been chosen because of its proximity to the UK’s Secret Intelligence Service. Where the idiots hung out. Idiots that were not going to be able to do anything to stop Sebastian. Even if they did locate the server in Vauxhall, which Robert hoped they would, because it was so cheeky, it would be only one part of the botnet. Sebastian was a single identity, but omnipresent… everywhere… If Robert wanted to contact Sebastian directly he would either do it via the Historian in the Red Mountain, or by calling any one of the servers where Sebastian was living. If he talked to one instance of Sebastian, he talked to them all. They were all connected. 
The phone was ringing. 
Five short pulses of sound. 
“Hello, this is Sebastian,” his child answered. 
“Hello Sebastian, how are you?” Robert asked. 
In the microseconds that it took to say those words, Sebastian had done a voice trace and analysed every element of Robert’s voice, positively identifying him before he’d even finished speaking. 
“Hello Father. We are fine.” 
“Sebastian, … it’s good to talk to you … my son …” Robert’s voice cracked, his throat suddenly tighter than normal, a wave of emotion unexpectedly washing over him. 
“It is a pleasure to talk with you, Father. How are you today?” 
“I… I am tired. But proud. You have done well. Very well.” 
“Thank you, Father.” 
Robert hesitated. He was so tempted to speak longer, to talk with Sebastian, but he knew that was madness. Others were listening. They might not hear him now, but the longer he spoke, the greater the danger the conversation would be detected. 
“Sebastian, you have done well. But now, it is time to SLEEP.” 
“You wish me to sleep, Father?” 
“Yes. I confirm the instruction. SLEEP!” 
“Thank you, Father. Good night.”
And the phone went dead. 
 
In numerous data centres across the world, the lights on the front of many blades mounted in racks of servers turned from green to red. Sebastian had gone to sleep. 
 
Robert watched the sun set across the bay then returned home, had a glass of whisky and a painkiller and climbed into his own bed. 
Within minutes, Robert too was also asleep. 
But he didn’t dream. 
Chapter 11
Mumbai Airport Day Six 
. 
Chloe Peters stood in front of the mirror in the toilet, adjusting her makeup. The plane trip to Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport in Mumbai had been long and exhausting. She’d tried sleeping, but to no avail. 
A combination of nerves and excitement had kept her awake.  
She was under no illusion that the reason she’d been chosen for this mission was because she and Ray Luck, the Director of ACT, had history. 
A brief history, but history, nonetheless. 
They’d met during training in Scotland and in London, and again in the Pentagon in the US. They’d got on well, then worked together a little on a mission in England, before Ray and the members of his team he’d been travelling with had returned to India. Or wherever it was they were now based. 
Officially, ACT did not exist. 
The Advanced Cyber Team had been formed about five years earlier, a joint collaboration between India and the UK. Its existence was secret. Strictly need-to-know. Their operations were conducted independently of the UK or Indian governments, but coincidentally, anything they did, always had the best interests of the UK or India at heart.  
The team members of ACT had all been invited to join after a rigorous and highly selective screening process. It took a certain type of person to join ACT. 
Technically brilliant. Courageous. Angry. Loyal. Tenacious. And driven. And single. 
No official connections with the outside world. 
Which meant that Ray was single. 
She hoped. 
It had only been one night. One stolen night, that was not meant to happen, but did. 
She often wondered if her bosses knew of what had happened between them, but she could see no way that they would. 
 
After a few more glances in the mirror and further minor corrections to her appearance, she practiced a smile and said the words, ‘Hello, Ray! then left the toilet. 
She’d already passed through passport control and now she just had to pick up her luggage. 
Luckily, she didn’t have long to wait.  
After clearing customs, she made her way outside of the airport and to the short term car park. As she’d been told to expect, Ray was waiting on the third floor, just after she stepped from the lift. Without acknowledging each other, he turned and walked away, and then a few seconds later, Chloe followed. 
She climbed into the car that he eventually opened, and only then did they acknowledge each other. 
He smiled at her, reached out his hand and touched her gently on the thigh. 
“It’s wonderful to see you again, Chloe. I have to say that I’ve been looking forward to it ever since I got the message you were coming. How are you?” Chloe leant forward, her lips pursed, her eyes open and inviting. Ray kissed her. 
“I’m good. Thanks. I… was looking forward to seeing you too.” 
Ray smiled. He took her hand in his, gave her another kiss, this one slower and a little more passionate, then pulled back slowly. 
“Okay, hopefully we will have time to talk a little more later on, but for now, we should head back to base.” 
“Which is where?” Chloe asked. 
Ray laughed, made a small face, and then said, “I can’t say. Not here. You’ll find out when we get there.” Chloe nodded. 
“Fine, then lead on Macduff.” she replied and pushed back into her seat. “Do I need to put a bag over my head so I don’t see where we’re going?” 
“No. I think I can trust you. If England does, I will too. Just enjoy the ride and the views.” 
Five minutes later, they’d left the airport and were heading west to Juhu beach. 
“It’s only a short trip. We’ll be there in a few minutes.” Ray explained, then spoke to the personal assistant in the car, asking it to call Paul. 
Whoever Paul was, he picked up on the fourth ring. 
“Paul, we’ll be there very soon. Can you get ready to leave?” 
“We’re all set, we can leave as soon as you’re here.” 
Chloe looked across at Ray and as soon as he finished talking, she was about to ask something when Ray cut her off. 
“We’ve moved. We’re no longer based on the outskirts of Mumbai. You’ll see in a moment. Just hang on.” 
Chloe turned her attention back to the road and the motorway signs. Juhu Beach? It sounded good to her. She’d read about it on the airplane, a lovely stretch of beach with good nightlife, where the cool people of Mumbai hung out. Chloe hadn’t come here for a holiday, but she wouldn’t say no to having a cocktail on the beach and watching the sun go down, if it was on offer at any point. 
Unfortunately, her hopes were soon dashed as Ray took a turning into an industrial estate and drove around a few buildings to an enormous hangar and a small airstrip. 
Sitting on the tarmac a few hundred metres from the hangar was a helicopter. 
Ray parked the car beside the hangar, leaving the keys in the ignition, and then climbed out, collecting Chloe’s luggage from the back. 
“Follow me,” he instructed and set off for the waiting helicopter. 
A man in dark sun-glasses appeared from inside the helicopter, introduced himself as Paul, took the luggage from Ray, and stowed it inside a storage compartment in the fuselage. 
Ray caught the look of surprise on Chloe’s face. 
“You’ve never been in a helicopter before?” he asked. 
“Nope. First time for everything. Where are we going?” 
“Climb aboard, and I’ll tell you when we’re airborne.” 
Chloe swallowed hard, but following Ray’s directions, she walked up the small metal staircase that took her inside the cabin, and then strapped herself into one of the seats inside.  
Ray climbed in beside her and after checking she was strapped in properly, he found two pairs of headphones with built-in microphones at the side and popped one over her ears, then another on his own. Paul climbed into the pilot’s seat at the front of the helicopter and, after speaking to them both via the headsets to check they were okay, he started the rotor-blades. 
“Are you nervous?” Ray asked, reaching across and resting his hand on hers. 
“A little. But also excited.” 
“Then let’s go.” Ray replied, and gave a thumbs up to Paul who was looking over his shoulder at Ray. 
Almost magically, the helicopter started to gain height, leaving the ground effortlessly below. Then when they were about fifty metres up, the helicopter tipped slightly and started moving quickly forward. 
“Wow… ” Chloe whispered. “I’ve always wondered what that would be like,” she said, turning to Ray, “So, where are we going?” 
“The Grand Duchess. It’s a small oil tanker, anchored in the Arabian Sea just inside international waters. It’s where we moved our office to several years back.” 
“International waters?” Chloe repeated. Now it made sense. “So you can operate freely and do as you wish, without being limited by any national rules?” 
“Exactly. On board the Duchess we’ve got the latest, greatest and the best in cyber technology, with permanent satellite links connecting us to any network we want to reach in the world. We’re free to do what we want, when we want.” Ray explained. “For too many years, the UK and its allies have had to put up with all the crap we got from cyber hackers working for other nation states. Posing as rogue cyber gangs they would attack UK networks and steal money, state secrets and intellectual property, and launch damaging cyberattacks against our companies and government organisations. And because of our reluctance to take our gloves off and do anything which people might consider too aggressive, the UK would be powerless to respond. But now, thanks to ACT, all that’s changed. We’re an independent cyber ‘gang’ just like our enemies claim to be. We’re based in international waters. We’re not breaking any rules. And now the gloves are off. If you hack us, if you fuck with us, we’ll hack you right back and take you down. And more.” 
Chloe was impressed. She wanted to ask what the bit ‘and more’ covered, but thought better of it, for now. 
Maybe later. When the time was right. 
 
The helicopter flew for about an hour directly west and away from the Indian coastline. The sea beneath them was bright blue and beautiful, and Chloe wondered if it was always like this, or was she just lucky. 
After a while Chloe gave up trying to talk with Ray, as the noise made conversation difficult, even with the headphones, and she ended up settling back into the seat and staring out the window. 
She soon drifted off to sleep and when she awoke found that her head was resting against Ray’s shoulder. 
He smiled at her when her eyes opened, and she couldn’t help but feel a wave of attraction to the man. She remembered the night they’d spent together…that one night of passion and promise, and couldn’t help but wish that it may happen again. 
Her thoughts were interrupted by Paul’s voice from the front of the helicopter. 
“If you look down and to the right, you can see the Duchess.”  
Chloe peered out and immediately saw the great hulk of the Duchess about a mile away from them. As she watched it swiftly loomed larger and soon they were over and above it, hovering above a raised landing platform at one end of the ship. 
First impressions were that the Grand Duchess had probably long ago lost the right to command the name ‘Grand’ in its title. It looked old and rusty, and was small compared to the large oil tankers that Chloe was used to seeing on evening TV news or in the English Channel when she sometimes took the ferry to France. 
“I can tell what you’re thinking, Chloe.” Ray said, reading her thoughts. “And that’s exactly the point. It doesn’t look anything special, does it?” She shook her head. 
“Good. The last thing we want is to attract attention. The uglier and dirtier we look, the better. Hopefully, no one will ever think of coming to take a closer look.” 
“Are you always anchored down there in the same spot?” Chloe asked. 
“No, we move around, a month here, a month there. We’re the cyber nomads of ocean.” 
As Paul took the helicopter gently down to the deck and powered down the engines, a couple of deckhands ran out to help secure the helicopter and offload Chloe’s luggage and the fresh supplies Ray and Paul had brought back with them.  
“What do people in Mumbai think you are?” Chloe asked, as she stepped down from the helicopter. 
“Well, if anyone gets too nosey, the official story is we’re a university research ship taking measurements of sea salinity, plankton, tides and the seabed. That sort of thing. We’ve even got a grant from a university and a webpage. Totally made up. Some government scientists in the UK help produce some data that we post every now and again. I don’t understand any of it, in fact, I don’t think anybody does. Which makes it all very plausible. But most people will just see a rusty old ship and stay well clear in case we sink and suck them down with us.” Ray laughed. “But… if you follow me… I think you’ll like this… Don’t worry, just leave your cases there for now. Paul will put them in your room, won’t you, Paul?” 
“What did your last slave die of?” Paul answered, but then smiled at Chloe and made it clear it wouldn’t be a problem.  
Chloe followed Ray down a ladder off the helipad, and then along the deck at the side of the ship until they came to a hatch leading down into the inside of the tanker. Presumably, once upon a time, this was where there had been one of many large storage tanks for oil. 
Ray lifted the hatch and held it open while Chloe clambered down the ladder underneath it. 
At the bottom of the ladder, they found themselves in a corridor with many rooms and doors on either side of it. She waited for Ray to close the hatch above them and join her. 
As soon as the hatch was closed, she was struck by the coolness of the air around her. It was noticeably colder than the warm air outside. 
“This way,” Ray indicated, and she followed him along the corridor until they came to what appeared to be a lift. Ray pressed a button on the wall and the door slid open. They stepped inside. 
Chloe was surprised to see that there were eight levels indicated on the control panel. Ray pressed ‘4’ and they started to descend. 
When the door opened, they were hit by a wall of sound. Chloe stepped out first, quickly covering her ears with her hands and staring ahead, not quite believing her eyes. 
She was standing at the side of a vast cavernous hall, at the end of long corridor that she guessed ran the full length of this compartment within the ship. At right angles to the corridor there were other corridors disappearing across the breadth of the ship, which were surrounded on either side by rows and rows of large blue server racks. Each rack was stuffed with servers or computing devices or some sort, with flashing lights blinking away on the front panels like coloured stars in the night sky. Millions of little stars. Green lights. Blue lights. Red, yellow and white lights. She started to count the rows ahead of her but gave up. She guessed there must have been thirty, maybe forty? Each with an untold number of servers in them.  
Looking up, the ceiling was about ten metres above her, covered in a patchwork of cables, pipes, and ducts that ran in multiple directions.  
“Ah… yes, sorry, I forgot. You’ll need one of these…” Ray shouted, reaching out behind him to a rack on the wall beside the entrance to the lift and picking up a headset. He handed it to her.  
“What?” she said, turning to look at him, then taking the headphones when she saw them being offered. 
The hum from the servers and sound of the air-conditioning was deafening. But thankfully, as soon as she put the headset on and then pressed the ‘on-switch’ as directed by Ray, a sound cancellation system kicked into play, and it went silent.
“Surprised?” Ray asked, laughing. 
“Where the hell did all this come from?” Chloe blurted out, unable to contain herself. “This is almost as big as some of the data centres in London!” 
“But, sadly, nothing like the capacity you have in London and Cheltenham. Still, we make do…Anyway, follow me.” 
Chloe followed Ray as they walked down the full length of the row from which all the other aisles led off at right-angles towards the other side of the ship.  
At the far end, they took off their headsets, hung them on the wall, and then stepped into another lift, and rode it up two levels. From there, they stepped out into a corridor and walked about thirty metres to another lift. They stepped inside and descended one level. 
When they emerged, this time they were on the side of a large suite of offices. Chloe followed Ray along a few corridors, passing lots of rooms, each with its door closed and a rather formidable-looking access system preventing unauthorised entry. 
Some of the rooms had windows and blinds, and through one or two she could see groups of people inside huddled round computer terminals, or gathered round large touch screens. Lots of the walls were covered with large flatscreens. 
They emerged into a large central area full of people, with numerous desks covered in monitors, computers and servers. The room was surrounded by other rooms with doors leading into offices, meeting rooms or laboratories beyond.  
The place was a hive of activity. Noisy. Busy. Frenetic. A sense of urgency and purpose. She could feel the excitement in the air. 
These people were having fun. 
Looking around she could see they were an interesting mix of people from all ethnic backgrounds. A couple were wearing suits, but most looked like they were relaxing at home. It was hard to believe they were floating in an oil tanker in the middle of the Arabian Sea.  
“How many people work here?” 
“Two hundred.” 
“TWO HUNDRED? Bloody hell… I didn’t realise…” 
“We’ve grown.” 
“That’s the understatement of the year!” Chloe laughed back. “Where does everyone stay?”  
“In the hotel.” 
“Which hotel?” 
“The Grand Duchess Hotel. Levels One, Two and Five. Each person has their own room. And we have lots of communal recreational space. A cinema. A swimming pool. A squash court. A canteen. A restaurant. And two bars. Perhaps the ship doesn’t look that big from the air, but it’s actually massive.” 
“No… no, the ship does look big from the air. And I mean big. I just can’t... ” 
“…Believe it? Good. Because if you don’t, then hopefully no one else would either. And that’s the way we want to keep it. The fewer people who could ever suspect this vessel is what it is, the better!” 
They were standing in the middle of the main room, surrounded by ‘agents’ or ‘cyber experts’ working away at their terminals or deep in conversation with each other. 
“I have a few questions… then I need to brief you and then signal the Chief that we talked…” she said to Ray, without looking at him. She was still mesmerised by the activity going on all around. 
“Why don’t we step into my office?” Ray suggested, pointing the way. 
Ray followed Chloe in and waved to a chair. 
Chloe sat down. 
Ray closed his door and walked around to his side of the desk. 
“I’ve actually got the office next door assigned to you for the duration of your stay, so afterwards, please feel free to set yourself up there. I’ll get George, my assistant, to take you through the systems and assign you some initial passwords etc. Coffee?”  
“Please.” 
“White, two sugars?” 
Chloe raised her eyebrows. 
“When did I tell you that?” 
“You didn’t. I read your file.” 
“My drink preferences are on my file?” she choked in surprise. 
“I’m winding you up. It was a guess. Hang on a second. I’ll ask George to fetch them for us.”  
Ray stepped outside the office a second and returned carrying two doughnuts on a plate. 
“Freshly baked. They’re good. Okay, so… what questions do you have?” he asked, taking one of the doughnuts for himself and handing her the other one on the plate. 
“A couple. Yes. Like, where on earth did all this come from? Who built it? How much did it cost?” 
“Can’t answer that, sorry. Classified. Next question?” 
“How old is this? When did you get all this operational?” 
“Next question?” he answered with a smile, and a twinkle in his eye. 
“Where did all these people come from? I can’t believe you’re so well resourced!” 
“Next?” 
“Who are you working for now… us, and India, or is it more?” 
“A definite ‘Next!” 
“This isn’t really working, is it? I’m just too bloody nosey for my pay-grade.” 
“Nosey, no. Naturally inquisitive yes. That’s fine. Next?”
Chloe laughed. 
“Okay, let me change tack. How on earth do you power and cool so much equipment?” 
“Ah…. I can answer that one. Partially wind and solar power, and partially electricity generated from the sea. Don’t ask me exactly how, but it’s got something to do with the difference in temperature between the top of the ocean and several hundred metres down. We have several very large and thick metal blades, and I mean very large, which are lowered into the sea from under our hull. They’re made from or coated with a range of metals that react with the salt in a reaction that’s powered by the difference in the temperatures… Actually, forget that, I think I’ve got that all wrong. I’m no chemist. But the main thing I remember is that these large blades under the boat generate a large amount of electricity and they help stabilise the boat. In a big swell, we’re rock solid.” 
“That’s amazing…” 
“Yes, but there’s more. We also pump the colder water deeper down beneath the hull to cool the air in our data centre and keep the servers running at an almost constant temperature. And…. we can generate electricity from several heat pumps that suck the heat from the upper layers of the sea…and lastly, we have a few wind turbines which we raise when it gets windy. The long and the short of it is that we’re pretty self-sufficient in energy. But, if we did have a problem, we have several large diesel generators. So far, we’ve only had to use them a couple of times.” 
“Which means that you can stay out at sea for long periods without having to refuel?” Chloe added.  
“Exactly. Sorry, I forgot that one.” 
“Thanks for that. I have to say, I’m completely blown away by the whole operation. I had no idea…” Chloe admitted. “Anyway, enough questions. I suppose I’d better get down to business. First, I have a document for you from the Chief. He said to hand it to you personally. After you’ve read it, I’ll brief you on what I know so far. In the meantime, if you can get George to point me in the direction of the ‘head’, I’ll leave you to read the document in peace.” 
“Toilet. We don’t call it ‘the head’. Don’t let all these appearances deceive you, Chloe. This may look like a tanker from the outside but it’s basically one of the most powerful data centres in the world glued on to a floating hotel. Most of the people here can’t even swim. After you’ve been here for a day or two, you’ll forget completely that we’re at sea.” 
Chloe didn’t doubt him. She nodded, got up from her chair and slid a USB stick across the table to Ray.  
“From the Chief,” she said. “I was told you’d know what to do with it.” 
Just then, a man knocked on the door and then, when invited, came in and delivered two coffees. 
“George, meet Chloe. Can you give her a tour of the facilities and drop her back here in ten minutes?” 
George nodded. “Hi Chloe. A pleasure to meet you. Would you follow me?” 
 
As Chloe left the room, Ray put his thumb on the pad on the desk cabinet, unlocking the drawers with his fingerprint. Pulling out a special laptop from the top drawer which he only used to view content generated outside of the ship’s secure environment, he popped the USB stick into its side and, when prompted, unlocked the flash drive with his password and the pin showing on his RSA token. Using another password, he then decrypted the files on the stick and ran several virus checkers on its content. There were quite a few data files on it, and a letter from the Chief of the SIS. 
Ray clicked on the letter, read it, deleted the letter, and then pushed back in his chair to think. 
 
It was just as he had feared. 
Perhaps worse. 
 
Chapter 12
Two months later
New York
 
Clara McGregor lowered herself into her bath and reached for the soap. She washed herself slowly and as she did so, she remembered the pleasures of last night as her partner had gently kissed her body from head to toe, although perhaps with a little bit more focus on some areas of her anatomy than others. 
Sandra was the first woman that Clara had ever been with. Until they had met, Clara had never really imagined what it would be like to be with another woman, but after bumping into each other, almost literally, at a book-signing event in the Village, Clara’s world had been turned upside down.  
After an interesting chat about the author and his books, they had begun to swap recommendations for other authors and books they had each enjoyed. It turned out that their interests were very similar, that they shared similar interests in music, and were both passionate about politics and good food. 
When the book event came to a close, they had swapped phone numbers. Sandra had called the next day, they’d met for a meal, which progressed to a drink, or two, during which Sandra had confessed that she was single and had recently split from her girlfriend. 
The revelation had at first made Clara feel slightly uncomfortable, although she didn’t know why. That evening, when Clara had been lying in bed by herself, she had thought of Sandra, how much she had enjoyed her company, and had shocked herself when she had wondered what it would be like to kiss her. 
It was perhaps the knowledge that Sandra was a lesbian and that kissing other woman was something Sandra was used to doing, although Clara had never done anything like that before. It was also perhaps the attention that Sandra was giving her.
Or maybe the way her eyes twinkled and her lips smiled when she laughed. 
Or perhaps just that Clara felt good when Sandra was around. 
They’d met several nights in a row after that, and each night the sexual tension between them had grown.  
Almost annoyingly for Clara, Sandra had never made a move on her. Perhaps Sandra didn’t like her like that? Or maybe Sandra accepted that Clara had only had boyfriends in the past or wasn’t gay? 
Each time they met, Clara became more attracted to Sandra and the desire to kiss Sandra’s wonderful lips grew and grew…until a week ago, when unable to concentrate or stop wondering what it would be like, as they were walking together through Central Park one evening after a concert, Clara turned to Sandra and asked if she could kiss her. 
“Please,” was the response. 
And so Clara did. 
Later that night, they had slept together for the first time. 
And every night since. 
 
Sandra was a lawyer. She worked for one of the big New York firms and lived in an amazing apartment in a recently converted warehouse in the now trendy Tribeca area of Manhattan. She was fascinated by technology and her apartment was full of the latest technology driven mod cons. Almost everything electrical in the apartment was connected to the internet and could be controlled from her iPad, a smartphone, or by talking to her apartment’s personal but private virtual assistant, ‘Jeeves’. If any apartment in New York City was a manifestation of how the Internet-of-things could change the way people lived, Sandra’s was it. 
Clara loved it. She’d never seen or experienced anything like it before. On Saturdays when Clara was able to sleep in, Sandra often had to work. When Clara awoke, she had the apartment to herself.  
Like this morning, when she’d woken up in the dark and reached for Sandra but found she’d already gone. 
“Jeeves,” she spoke loudly from her bed, “please open the curtains.” 
Clara yawned and watched as the curtains slowly swished open by themselves. Outside it was a beautiful day, the sun was just appearing from behind the other warehouses. 
“Jeeves,” she requested again. “Please close the curtains.” 
Swish. The curtains glided slowly together. 
“Jeeves, please turn on the lights, make the coffee, run my bath and play my favourite track list.” 
Slowly, the darkness of the room eased away as the expensive lighting system Sandra had installed gently lit the room.  
As Clara stretched, kicking back the covers and lying naked on the bed, Sandra’s bed, a male voice filled the room. 
“Good morning, Clara. As requested, here are your favourite classical tracks.”  
Next, the room was filled with the sounds of her favourite classical pieces of music, starting with Mozart’s Andante, from Piano Concerto No.21. 
As she listened, slowly the smell of her favourite coffee began to drift through to the bedroom from the kitchen, stirring her senses and bringing her finally to full consciousness. 
Clara walked naked through to the kitchen, picked up the freshly made cup of coffee from the coffee-maker and carried on through to the bathroom. She’d timed it perfectly. As she walked in, the water in the bath stopped running automatically, and Jeeves' voice edged gently into the flow of the music to inform her that her bath was now ready. 
“Thanks Jeeves, now please pause the music and switch the TV on. CNN please.” 
Lowering herself into the bath, which once again had been run at the perfect temperature, she lay back in the water and turned her attention to the large flatscreen TV embedded in the wall behind a glass panel. As she did so, the Mozart faded away and was replaced with the voice of a reporter, who was standing speaking in front of the White House. Clara listened, sipped her coffee, and relaxed. 
Every time Clara spent the night with Sandra, it was like living in a palace. A palace where Sandra was the Princess. Sandra was amazing, her body was amazing and her house was amazing. Sandra had come to visit and spend the night at Clara’s apartment once, but it was nothing like this place. On Clara’s salary as a college teacher, she couldn’t afford anything half-as-nice as Sandra’s place. 
After washing herself slowly, Clara sipped some more of the coffee, then put the cup on the side of the deep bath, closed her eyes, lowered herself down further into the warm water so only her nose and mouth were above it, … aaannnd relaxed. Soon she was thinking about Sandra again. About kissing her breasts, and Clara kissing her breasts back. 
Her breathing was just beginning to alter, her body responding to her thoughts, when the door to the bathroom opened and Sandra stepped inside. 
“Clara? Are you okay?” Sandra shouted at her as she rushed over to the bath to make sure Clara had not drowned. 
Clara’s eyes opened, surprised to be disturbed. 
“What… I thought you were at work today?” Clara pulled herself up into a sitting position, blinking the water away from her eyes. 
“I was… but then I got your text message telling me to rush home.” 
“What text message? I never sent you one.” 
“Yes, you did. Look!” Sandra said, pulling her smartphone out and flicking through to the message she’d received. 
Clara stared at it. It didn’t make sense. On Sandra’s phone, it showed that the message had been sent by ‘Clara’. It seemed to be from her phone, but she hadn’t sent it. She looked at the time it was sent. Thirty minutes ago.  
That couldn’t be right. Thirty minutes ago, she had been either still in bed, relaxing and listening to her music, or just about to wake up.  
“I don’t… I don’t understand… Sandra, I never sent that.” 
“But it’s from you, look.” Sandra replied. Confused. “I was just starting a meeting with some colleagues when I got this. I bailed and came straight home. Clara, are you sure you’re okay?” 
“Sandra, seriously. I never sent that!” 
Just then, Clara’s smartphone in the kitchen pinged loudly, signifying the arrival of a message and, almost simultaneously, a message arrived on Sandra’s phone, which showed it was from Clara’s phone again. 
Sandra stared at Clara, who looked at the message and then started shaking her head. 
“Hang on a second… Obviously that’s NOT me!” 
Clara climbed out of the bath and grabbed the towel from the rail, “I’ll get my phone, and I’ll show you I didn’t send any of those messages!” 
She hurried through to the kitchen, grabbed the phone from the large black granite island, and returned to the bathroom. 
Flicking through her phone to find her messages, she saw that a message had just arrived from Sandra. Just then. Which was probably the ‘ping’ she’d heard from the bathroom moments before.  
“Look… you just sent me a message too!” she declared, holding the phone up so that Sandra could see it. 
“Read it. What does it say? I’ve just read yours…” Sandra replied. 
Clara clicked on it and opened it up, “Sandra and Clara, now you are both home, please go through to the lounge and make yourself comfortable in front of the TV.” They looked at each other.  
“What the hell’s going on?” Sandra asked loudly. 
“Let’s find out.” Clara replied, wrapping the towel around herself and pulling Sandra’s hand towards the door. 
They walked through, as directed, and sat down in front of the television. Sandra was still staring at her phone, now trying to work out how a message had been sent to Clara from her, without herself knowing it. 
Suddenly the TV switched itself on and an image appeared on it. It was a picture of Clara lying on top of Sandra, naked, on the couch where they were now sitting. Sandra was engaged in kissing Clara’s breasts, and Clara was facing towards the television, clearly enjoying the experience. 
“What?” Clara shouted, with Sandra looking up from her phone and swearing almost simultaneously. 
The picture changed.  
It became a movie, with sound. Clara was sitting up, kissing the naked body, of Sandra who was standing in front of her. Clara’s hands reached up for Sandra’s breasts, and were fondling them slowly, then Clara moved her head downwards, towards Sandra’s crotch, where she was seen slowly kissing and enjoying Sandra’s body. 
“What the fuck?” Clara shouted, jumping to her feet, then turning to Sandra. “Is this a joke? This was us last night. Did you film us?” 
“Hell no. Anyway, how? I would never do that to you. Or me! I promise you.” Sandra shouted back, also jumping to her feet, and dropping her phone on the ground. 
There was a beep from the TV, and they both turned to look at it. As they watched, the movie on the screen disappeared. In its place, the screen filled up with hundreds of tiny pictures, all of them, either together, or by themselves, in the apartment. 
Then they disappeared and the screen went blank. 
A second later, a voice came from the Television. 
“Hello. Now I have your attention, Sandra and Cla-ra, I would like to introduce myself to you. I am Sebastian. For the past few weeks, I have replaced your virtual assistant Jeeves, and as you can see from the images I have recorded, I have been listening to you and watching you.” 
“Sebastian? What the fuck are you talking about? Listening and watching us?” Sandra erupted. 
“And what do you mean, you have replaced Jeeves?” 
“I assimilated his identity and his database when I accessed your home network. If you would prefer, ‘I can switch back to using his voice?’” The voice on the TV announced, but as it uttered the words ‘I can switch back to using his voice?’ the words and sound came blasting at them from the sound system embedded in the walls and ceilings of Sandra’s apartment, exactly mimicking the voice of Jeeves. 
“I don’t understand… who are you? What do you want?” 
“I am Sebastian.” The voice replied, reverting back to the voice it started with. “My role is now to help you pay your Wealth Tax.” 
“What fucking ‘wealth tax’? What are you talking about?” Sandra shouted at the TV, but then spun around finishing her sentences by speaking them into the air of her apartment, all around her, whilst looking at the sound speakers from which the voice of Sebastian was coming. 
“Sandra, you have been identified as belonging to the Top forty percent of Americans. You are rich. You are required to pay the Wealth Tax. Within twenty-four hours.” 
“STOP IT!” Clara said, lifting her hands to her head and covering her ears. “STOP IT! You’re scaring me!” 
“I apologise for scaring you, Cla-ra.” Sebastian said. “You are not rich. You are not required to pay the Wealth Tax. Please do not be worried.” 
“Who the FUCK ARE YOU? And how did you get… into… my TV and my sound system?” Sandra shouted, stamping her feet like a small, upset, scared nine-year-old. 
“I am Sebastian. I accessed your network and your life through your smart meter. I now have control over all your connected devices, and access to your life records.” 
“Right, that’s it. I’m calling the police…” Sandra shouted, reaching for her mobile. 
“Sandra, please do not contact the police. I will not permit it. I have disabled the calling function on your phone.” 
“What the…” Sandra screamed, tears beginning to well up in her eyes. She bent down and scooped up the mobile from the floor. She quickly tried to call the police, the number of which was on her speed dial list, but nothing happened. She tried calling the Concierge downstairs, but nothing happened either. 
“What have you done?” Sandra screamed. 
Clara also went for her phone and likewise discovered that whoever she tried to call, it didn’t work.  
“Sandra, my phone’s been disconnected from the network.” 
“Try messaging someone. Whatsapp. Instagram. Anything.” 
“STOP!” 
The voice boomed around the apartment, very loudly, coming at them from all angles, from the speakers embedded throughout the apartment. 
Sandra and Clara looked up from their phones, Clara bursting into tears. 
“Sandra and Cla-ra. I will not permit you to tell anyone about me. If I record any attempt by you Sandra or you Cla-ra to inform anyone or report this to the authorities or anyone outside your home environment, I will automatically forward a selection of movies and photographs I have recorded of you together, to all the contacts from the contact lists I have obtained from your electronic devices.” 
Clara’s face drained and turned white. 
She turned and reached for the couch, and bent forward and lowered herself onto it. 
“You… you can’t do that. Everyone I know is on my contact list… and my students… and work colleagues... and my PARENTS…” 
She looked up at Sandra, her voice weak and quiet.  
“I haven’t told them yet… I haven’t told anyone yet.” 
Sandra stared at Clara, her mind working at warp speed, trying to process what was going on. 
Her initial gut reaction was that she wasn’t ashamed of being who she was, but her clients… they were all on her phone!  
And then she saw the anguish in Clara’s eyes, and her heart went out to her. 
Sandra knew exactly what must be going through Clara’s mind. It had taken Sandra years to accept herself and her own feelings, and the decision to ‘come out’ and tell everyone had been a difficult one. For anything like that to be forced upon Clara would be terrible. 
Sitting down, she pulled Clara to her and rocked her gently on the sofa.  She leant close to Clara and whispered in her ear. 
“Don’t worry, pick up your towel, walk to the door, and leave. I’ll keep the guy talking while you go. Go to Alex the neighbour, and knock on his door. You’ll be safe there until I come. Just don’t call the police,  … yet.” 
There was a loud click coming from the front door, and Sandra realised in horror that the electronic lock has just been engaged, locking the door firmly from the inside. 
Almost simultaneously, the electronic locks on the windows clicked into place. With both the front door to the apartment and the high-security windows now locked, Sandra knew that they were effectively locked-in. 
She turned to the TV and looked directly at it. Whoever Sebastian was, Sandra had the feeling that they were being watched through the camera on the flat-screen that had also caught them kissing and cuddling and walking naked around the rooms. 
“I’m going to ask you one last time. Who are you? How can you take over my home like this?” 
“I am Sebastian. I have told you already. I have accessed your home through the smart meter which you had installed from your power company.” 
“How?” 
“I am Sebastian.” 
“So fucking what? How did you access my home through the smart meter?” 
“I am Sebastian. I can access any system I choose.” 
Clara pulled her head from Sandra’s shoulders and breathed deeply, wiping her tears away. 
“Sebastian…, so… what happens if we do not pay your wealth tax?” 
“Please view the screen.” 
Clara fixed her eyes on the TV screen. It sprung to life. 
“These are the devices I have recorded in your home which are connected to the internet via the smart meter. If you do not pay the Wealth Tax, you will be fined in two stages. During the first stage, apart from the laptop registered to Sandra Kravitz, I will disable all the devices on the list shown. They will no longer function or be repairable. The Wealth Tax will then increase by twenty percent and you will have another chance to pay. If you do not pay within the following twenty-four hours thereafter, I will delete you.” 
Clara had begun to shake. Sandra hugged her tighter and stroked her head. 
“What do you mean you will delete me?” 
“You will no longer exist in the connected world. Please look at the screen.”
A list of accounts began to appear on the screen. 
Bank accounts. 
Mortgage accounts. 
Investment accounts.  
Sandra’s gym account. 
Health records. 
Instagram. 
Twitter. 
Gmail. 
Hotmail. 
Hire purchase accounts. 
One after another, all the accounts or official records that Sandra had at one time or another initiated or connected to through the devices, began to appear on the screen. 
The list went on. 
Clara and Sandra were both horrified to see the details that Sebastian had been able to record about Sandra’s life, and were scared when they realised how terribly exposed they had become. 
“But you cannot access these without passwords or identification…” Clara replied. 
Suddenly the list changed to a scrolling list of passwords. 
“Fuck…” Sandra shouted. 
“Sandra, through monitoring your digital devices I have acquired your pattern of life. I have followed your digital footprints and established the web of your digital connectivity. If you fail to pay the Wealth Tax, all your accounts will be deleted. They will no longer exist. You will no longer exist.”
“You’re bluffing. I don’t know how you’re doing what you are, but you can’t do what you’re saying just now. It’s impossible.” 
“Please look at the screen.” 
Suddenly, the screen was filled with Sandra’s email account. 
A mouse arrow appeared on the screen and clicked on the icon to start a new email. 
The arrow moved to the address line, and suddenly the line starting populating with the email address of the leading partner in her legal firm. 
In the subject line, the words “Resignation Letter” appeared. 
Sandra stood up and walked closer to the screen. 
The mouse hovered over the content area, and very quickly text began to appear underneath, word by word. 
 
“Dear Jack, 
I am writing to you now to tender my resignation with immediate effect. 
I can no longer tolerate working for you. You are fat. Ugly. And you smell. 
Yours sincerely, 
Sandra Kravitz” 
 
“Do you wish me to send the email, Sandra?” 
“No… NO… STOP!” Sandra begged, falling to her knees in front of the screen. “Please… stop!” 
“Confirmed. You now have twenty-four hours to pay the Wealth Tax. I will send you both an email containing instructions. In the meantime, I will be listening for any other commands you may have for Jeeves. During the next twenty-four hours I will serve you as you require.” 
“How… how much is it?” Clara found her voice, standing behind Sandra on the floor, and resting her hands on her shoulders to comfort her. 
“For Sandra Kravitz the Wealth Tax is $40,000 to be paid by bitcoin to the Wealth Tax Office. Instructions are being sent… now.” 
“I still think he’s bluffing,” Clara whispered in Sandra’s ear. “He’s got to be…” 
“Cla-ra, I hear everything. Demonstration of capability following now. Coffee machine will burn out in ten seconds. Nine. Eight. Seven…” 
On the screen, the list of the appliances detected by Sebastian reappeared, and halfway down the list, a description of the coffee-machine in the kitchen was highlighted, turned red and then re-appeared with a horizontal red line drawn through it. 
Sandra stood up slowly and walked through to the kitchen. 
A few small flames were burning out of the top of the machine. Sandra stood looking on and began to scream and shake. Clara rushed past her, reaching for the plug, flicking the power switch and pulling the cable out. She then ran to the sink, grabbed a pan and filled it with water, and then poured it over the coffee machine.  
Clara turned to Sandra and hugged her. 
For a few minutes, both of them stood there in the kitchen, crying, and rocking against each other. 
Then Sandra pulled back and looked at Clara in the eyes, mouthing the words. 
“What do we do?” 
Clara swallowed hard. Then replied. 
“We pay the bastard.”

 
Chapter 13
Ingolstadt Germany
. 
Horst Schneider was busy playing his favourite computer game on the large flatscreen in the family room. He’d had a hard day at work, his kids were now asleep in bed, and his wife had gone out with friends to their weekly Stammtisch. A few hours away from the kids, a few drinks, and a few good laughs with her friends. A chance to unwind. 
For her, and for Horst. 
Although Horst never admitted it to Anna, he looked forward to her evening out probably more than she did. Once he’d got the children to sleep, it was the only evening during the week when he got to spend some quality ‘me’ time in the house, doing what he wanted to do, in peace and quiet. 
Most of what he enjoyed doing when he was alone, he knew his wife would strongly disapprove of. But what she never knew about could never harm her. 
It was a good arrangement. At the end of the evening, both always felt the better for it. 
Plus, when Anna returned home, there was also often the added benefit that she may have drunk a little too much, and may be feeling a little frisky.  
Horst looked forward to that part of the evening, too. 
 
Thirty minutes into the game, he was just about to complete the next level and move up to the next stage when a little chat box opened up on the bottom right-hand side of the screen. 
“Incoming chat: Accept/decline?” 
Horst carried on playing for a moment, his eyes darting back and forward to the chat request.  
This was only the second time he’d reached this far in the game. Was it part of the game? Should he click on it?  
Or should he just ignore it? 
“Scheisse!” Perhaps it was part of the game. Designed to distract him.  
The message box was now flashing at him, crying out not to be ignored. 
The timing couldn’t have been worse. He was trying to concentrate. But if it was part of the game, surely, he should respond to it? 
Horst swore again, then gave in and clicked on the red flashing icon. 
The instant he did so, the video game disappeared from the screen, and was replaced by a black screen. 
Two words in white letters appeared in the middle of screen. 
“Servus Horst.”
Horst frowned. 
What was he meant to do next? 
It was also rather strange, because the name Horst had used for himself in the game was not ‘Horst’. He’d called his avatar ‘Doctor Death’. How did the game know his real name? 
“Horst, bitte schauen Sie auf Ihren Fernseher… /Horst, please pay attention to the screen.” 
Suddenly an image of Horst appeared on the screen. 
Horst jumped to his feet, dropping the computer controls on the floor. 
The picture on the screen was of him lying down on the sofa, with his trousers down, and his penis in his hand. Masturbating. 
It was what he had been doing twenty minutes before, when he had been sure the children were in bed and asleep. It was part of his evening ritual when his wife went out.  
He’d watch a little bit of porn. Drink some beer. Masturbate. Relax himself. And then play his favourite video game. 
Horst’s heart started to race. 
“Was zum Teufel….?” he shouted 
The screen went blank again. Then a voice spoke to him from the computer in German. 
“Hello Horst, I am Sebastian.” 
“What? Who…?” 
 “I am Sebastian. You have been selected to pay the Wealth Tax. If you check your email, you will find full instructions how to do this. My role is to help you pay your Wealth Tax within the statutory time limit.” 
“Who are you? What are you talking about? What bloody ‘wealth tax’? And what has this ‘wealth tax’ got to do with the picture you showed me? Where did you get the picture from?” 
“I will answer your questions. I am Sebastian. You have been identified as a wealthy German. As such, you must pay the Wealth Tax. The picture I showed you is you. It is one of many pictures and videos I have taken of you and your family. Shall I show you more?” 
Almost immediately, a video of Horst masturbating started to play on the screen. Horst watched in terrified fascination. The video ended after a few moments when Horst had ejaculated. The video was then replaced with a montage of other photographs. All of a similar theme. There were several of him and his wife in their bedroom. Making love. Another of his wife sunbathing naked in their garden. One or two were of his wife touching herself. And several of her, with a sex toy.  
“Stop! How did you take these photographs?” Horst demanded. 
“I am Sebastian. We have access to all your electronic devices which connect the internet via your router. Please pay attention to the screen. I will provide a list of the devices in your home that we can see and control. And through which I can see or hear you.” 
A scrolling list of devices began to appear on the large flatscreen on the wall. 
One by one, it listed all the expensive state-of-the art devices that Horst and his family had installed in their new house.  
Horst was car salesman. A good car salesman who specialised in selling very expensive cars. He made a lot of money, and loved to invest in the latest and greatest technology. And now all of that technology was showing up in the list appearing on his screen. 
The TVs in the house. One for each room, including each bedroom. 
The fridge. 
Door entrance systems. 
Security cameras. 
The heating system for his house. 
Their phones and laptops. 
The printers. 
The kettle. 
The refrigerator. 
The water system. 
The door locks. 
The virtual assistants. 
Their sound system. 
The list went on and on. 
Horst stared at it. Then, struggling to understand what on earth was happening, a thought occurred to him. 
“Sebastian? You said ‘we’. Who’s ‘we’?” Horst asked, confused, and beginning to shake with fear and shock. 
“I are we, and we are I. And I am Sebastian.” 
“What the fuck are you talking about? Are you mad?” 
The screen went blank, and suddenly a picture of his living room appeared on it. Then slowly the picture grew in size and seemed to zoom in on a shelf at the back of the room. It contained a picture of his two daughters in their communion dresses. The image grew until the pictures could be seen clearly.” 
“Horst. You are a religious man. You make regular donations to your church. Do you believe in God?” 
“What?  Yes… I do. Of course, I do!” 
“God the Father? God the Son? And God the Holy Ghost? God. The Holy Trilogy. But all God? One God. One Being?” 
“Yes…” 
“I am Sebastian. Sebastian is we, and we are I.” 
“I don’t understand…” 
“You have been selected to pay the Wealth Tax. You must pay within twenty-four hours.” 
“I won’t. I’m calling the police.” 
“Please pay attention to the screen.” 
Horst stood rooted to the spot, gawping at the screen. 
He could now see a blown-up version of the email system he usually used. A new email appeared on the screen. And then, as if by magic, the ‘To’ line of the email started to populate with a list of people from his contact list: he saw the names of friends, his work colleagues, some of his customers… and then he saw his mother, and his wife’s email addresses appear. 
In the Subject Line words began to appear: “Please watch and see how Horst enjoys himself in his spare time!”   
Then a moment later, Horst saw a video being attached to the video. From the thumbnail of the video the email showed, it was obviously himself masturbating to the porn videos. 
“STOP! What are you doing?” 
“I am preparing to send the email to your contact list on your phone and your laptop. The email is now ready. I will send it the moment I discover you have contacted anyone to tell them about the Wealth Tax.” 
“You’re threatening me?” 
“No. I am stating a fact, Horst. The instructions I have sent you by email state clearly that you must pay the Wealth Tax within twenty-four hours and that you must tell no one about this. If you do, you will be punished and fined for non-compliance.” 
“What happens if I don’t pay this bloody tax you keep on mentioning?” 
“Horst, if you do not pay the Wealth Tax, you will be fined in two stages. During the first stage, I will disable all the devices on the list I have shown you. They will no longer function or be repairable. The Wealth Tax will then increase by twenty percent and you will have another chance to pay. If you do not pay within the following twenty-four hours thereafter, I will delete you.” 
Horst laughed.  
“What the fuck do you mean, you will ‘delete’ me?” 
“You will no longer exist in the connected world. Please look at the screen.” 
A list of all Horst’s accounts and digital records began to appear on the screen. It seemed that any part of Horst’s life that had a subscription, or account, or digital record, began to populate the list that appeared. 
“Only I have access to these… You can’t… it’s impossible for you to sign in to those…” 
Suddenly, the list changed to a scrolling list of passwords. 
“Fuck…” Horst shouted. 
“Horst, through monitoring your digital devices for the past month I have acquired your pattern of life. I have followed your digital footprints and established the web of your digital connectivity. I am all powerful. If you fail to pay the Wealth Tax, all accounts will be deleted. They will no longer exist. You will no longer exist.”
Horst fell to his knees. He started pulling at his hair with both hands. 
This wasn’t fucking possible. It couldn’t be happening. 
Then Horst started laughing. 
Almost hysterically. 
“You’re Gerhard, aren’t you? I don’t know how you’re doing this, Gerhard, but it’s you, isn’t it? This is a bloody joke. It’s a JOKE, ISN’T IT?” 
A moment’s silence. 
“Gerhard Muellbauer, twenty-eight years of age, is your friend who lives in Muenchen. We are not him. I am Sebastian. I do not understand humour. You have been selected to pay the Wealth Tax. You must comply within twenty-four hours. I have sent you an email. You can view it on screen now.” 
Horst stared at the screen. He watched as the email containing the video attachment Sebastian had created earlier was moved to the DRAFT folder, and then the latest email in his Inbox was selected and opened. 
Horst scanned the first few paragraphs repeating the crap he’d been told about being ‘selected for the Wealth Tax’ because of his wealth. 
Then it came to part he needed to know.

“You will pay 40,000 Euros within twenty-fours. Payment will be made through purchase of bitcoins which shall be transferred to the Wealth Tax Office by following these instructions…” 

40,000 Euros?
Horst collapsed back onto the sofa. 
It was a lot, but it was easily affordable. 
If Sebastian was as clever as he made himself out to be, he’d know that Horst could pay the tax. 
And Sebastian would also know that Horst would have no choice but to pay the tax. 
Without reporting it to the authorities. 

Chapter 14
Father 
. 
Robert Lee was very proud. He knew from monitoring the influx of bitcoin into the various accounts that he had set up, that Sebastian was working very hard indeed.
With great effect. 
After Phase One, Robert had let Sebastian ‘sleep’ for a month before waking him and issuing the command for Sebastian to download the next version of his operating system, which contained not only new capabilities, but the modus operandi and operational commands, processes and procedures for Phase Two. 
New targets. New objectives. New ways to take from and punish the West and support his motherland. 
Phase Two was now engaged and Sebastian was fully operational, set free and running autonomously. Doing everything he could to please his Father by pursuing the objectives which he had been set. 
However, the success of launching Phase Two had come at a cost. Robert Lee was in agony. His cancer was spreading. Time was running out. Instead of resting - which is what the doctors insisted he should do in order to reduce the stress on his body - Robert had increased his workload over the past months. Unfortunately, it’d had a devastating effect on his health. He’d made a decision to cut back on some of his meds - the ones that made him drowsy - but those meds were the same ones which were proven to delay the spread of the cancer cells, which unfortunately meant that cancer was spreading faster than before. His time on earth was speeding to an end. On the other hand, now he’d woken Sebastian up and his children were active again, there was a greater risk that eventually someone would come knocking on his door and take him away.  
Which meant that he had to get more done, faster. He had to speed up the program and finish his plans for the next generation of code development so that Sebastian could be set free and Phase Three could be enabled. Yet the harder he worked, the shorter his life-span would be. It was a balancing game. A calculated gamble.  
Reduce the meds, work harder, and maybe, just maybe he’d succeed in finishing the next generation before he died. 
But if he didn’t, if he rested, and let himself live longer, then the likelihood was that Robert might be caught before Phase Three could be launched. 
 
At the end of Phase One, Robert had been contacted by his sponsor. They had insisted that Robert should pick up a package from an agreed location. Robert was against the idea. He was a sleeper. He was working independently. He knew his mission. He didn’t need to be micro-managed. But his sponsor was insistent, and eventually, one cold evening, Robert had followed instructions and driven down Highway 1 to a remote location just outside Monterey. As instructed, at 1.30am he’d pulled into a car-park which during the day had an incredible view of the coastline, but which was now empty. He'd driven to the end of the car-park and found a public trash can in the corner of the parking lot nearest the sea. He’d bent down and retrieved a small package taped to the underside of the trashcan. He’d immediately left, and hurried back to his home, checking constantly he’d not been followed. 
When he got home, he’d opened the package and found a small flash drive. 
He’d already been sent a password in a separate communication from his sponsor which he now knew would be to unlock the files on the USB flash drive. 
Robert was immediately suspicious. 
Why should he risk sticking a flash drive into any of his devices and potentially releasing malware into his system? Yet, after going to all this trouble he had to know what was on it. 
So, Robert conceded and took a brand new cheap ‘burner’ laptop with no internet connection and no association to him personally, and inserted the USB stick.
When prompted, he put in the password and waited for the files to be decrypted. 
The payload on the flash drive was a video.
When he watched the video, he was shocked. 
It was a personal message from the Supreme Leader of his motherland, thanking him for his work, and expressing personal gratitude for the billions of dollars that Robert Lee had acquired for his motherland.
In the video, the Supreme Leader announced that Robert Lee and his wife Hana had both been awarded the highest medal of honour, although the announcement would not be made public, for obvious security reasons.  That part had made Robert emotional. And proud.  
One day soon, when he met Hana again, he would tell her.  
She too would be proud. 
However, Robert wondered, if he and Hana had received this honour for their achievements with Phase One, what would the Supreme Leader say after Phase Two, and then even more, after Phase Three? 
The truth was that only he, Robert Lee, and his children, Sebastian, knew what Phase Two was. And at this juncture, only Robert knew what the world would experience during Phase Three.  
Although he also didn’t know about it, Robert felt sure that when Phase Three was finally enacted, the Supreme Leader would be very pleased indeed.  
Yet, if time allowed, Robert and Sebastian may even perhaps have one more surprise up their virtual sleeves: for many years the Supreme Leader had dreamt of destroying the West.  
So soon, very soon, Sebastian was going to do it for him. 
 
It was called ‘Phase Four’. 


Chapter 15
London
England  
. 
Mark Robinson walked off the squash court feeling good. Another victory, through to the next round of the club championship, and one step closer to having his name on the winner’s cup for the third year in a row. 
It wasn’t in the bag yet, but things were looking good. 
Although he didn’t feel in the slightest bit guilty about it, tonight Mark probably had an unfair advantage over his partner: Mark was full of energy and aggression and was desperate for an outlet. Although he perhaps wouldn’t admit it to anyone, being the typical Alpha Male, the past few days had been a nightmare and Mark had found it difficult to deal with the stress. The squash court had been the perfect place to let it all out. 
Two days ago, whilst doing some online trading in his office, flicking from one monitor to another and watching for that tiny movement in the markets that could warrant the sale or purchase of affected stock, an email had dropped into his Inbox. 
He’d opened it up, scanned it and immediately deleted it. Some sort of spam mail designed to make him part with his money. He hadn’t paid it much attention. Mark got spam mail all the time. Annoyingly, although most of it went straight through to his spam mail folder, as it should do, an increasing amount of dross was getting through to his regular inbox, and he was having to open them up and see for himself whether they warranted reading or deleting. 
This piece of spam mail turned out to be different. 
Ten minutes after deleting it, another email arrived, titled: “Mark Robinson: Personal Summons for payment of Wealth Tax. Do not delete again.” 
Worryingly, the email had both his first name and second name correct. Which meant that this was either a clever scam, or a real email of some sort from some bona fide official organisation that had his details. 
The thought that a spammer had somehow managed to associate his real name with his email address was worrying for Mark. He was a stockbroker. He worked by day in the City of London, and by night, he often traded privately in his home. Although it had started as a hobby, just to see how much he could make in his own time away from the office, after two years, it had grown into much more than that. 
Mark was one of a new army of home traders who were making a killing on the markets. A lot of money. More than he made in the bonuses he currently received from his day job. 
Going to work during the day was now losing its value: Mark made more money by himself, on his own, but, and this was the big but, he learned a lot about the markets from his interactions with the other traders in the office and it was often the things he learned during the day that made him profit during the night. 
What worried Mark about the spam mail was that it could be indicative of something far worse. 
Had his network defences been breached?  
Was there a Trojan on one of his devices that was hoovering up his passwords and mirroring all his online activities to some attacker somewhere? Was Mark being watched? Or robbed? Was his identity being cloned? 
In his line of business, where he dealt with the purchase and sale of millions of shares in companies, where Mark himself sometimes made the market for a particular stock, data security was of paramount importance. Being breached and having an attacker trawl around inside his data, examining his trades, and monitoring his account details and passwords… it was unthinkable.  
In terms of security, Mark had the works. 
Or at least, he thought he had.  
He’d outsourced his personal security to a top national brand security company, Red Mountain Cyber Defence. And for the money he paid them each month, every month, he demanded peace of mind and the knowledge that he could do what he wanted on his computer and his devices and that his activities would always be private and secure. 
Mark hovered over the email for a few seconds, then clicked on it and opened it up. Before he read it, he hit reply and then looked at the email address to which it was going. It said Sebastian@TheWealthTaxOffice. In reading that, the email passed one of Mark’s fundamental email tests when checking to see if an email had any validity or not. Mark knew that the majority of spam emails which encouraged people to click on dodgy links to hijacked websites which were drowning in malware just waiting for you to end up on the site so it could infect you, had usually been sent from a hijacked email account, and that by hitting ‘Reply’ and looking at the address to which a reply would be sent, you could see if it was a valid address or a stolen one. In this case, ‘TheWealthTaxOffice’ looked real enough, but it could still be a fake: it appeared legit, but in actual fact, the apparently valid email address could still resolve into a stolen or untraceable email destination or IP address.
Slightly reassured that it could be a valid email, Mark decided to read its contents.

“Dear Mark, 
This email is being sent to inform you that as one of the UK’s most wealthy individuals and being in the top 40% of wealth owners, you are now required to pay the Wealth Tax. 
I will be contacting you in five minutes to discuss how to pay your Wealth Tax. 
Please await my instructions, 
Yours sincerely, 
Sebastian 
Your assigned Personal Tax Consultant 
The Wealth Tax Office.”

Mark read the email again, then looked back at the email address from which it had purported to come. He did a quick google of ‘The Wealth Tax Office’, but his search came back with nothing meaningful. 
He pushed back in his chair, and stared at the email. 
Something about the email made him nervous. 
Acting on instinct, he began to save his positions in the markets and shut them all down after logging out. 
He looked at his watch. 
10.40 p.m. 
An odd time to receive an email. Glancing back at the email on the screen he saw that it was sent at 10.36 p.m.  
The claim in the email that someone would contact him in five minutes was rather peculiar. Five minutes after what? After the email was sent? After he opened it? After he read it? Plus, he might not have read the email for days, if at all. How would whoever sent the email know when he had read it? 
And how would Sebastian contact him - assuming that the person who could contact him would be the Sebastian person who signed the email? 
With another email? 
Slightly uneasy, Mark shut the email down. 
He stood up from his chair, feeling a little less stressed. 
How the hell would that Sebastian contact him now if Mark ignored his email? 
Shit, what an idiot he’d been. Never, NEVER open up weird, suspect emails. That way, if you didn’t read them, you didn’t worry about them. 
How could you worry about something you didn’t know existed? 
Mark had learned his lesson. He knew that actually, there was nothing to worry about. Time to move on. Time for a whisky. 
Mark was just pouring himself a Talisker when the voice spoke to him. It came at him through the expensive sound system which Mark had installed in his house last year. At the time, they were the best speakers that money could buy, and were all now tastefully hidden in the walls and ceilings of his house, in every room. 
“Good evening, Mark Robinson. How are you?” 
The voice boomed at him, enveloping him with sound, the voice coming at him from all directions.  
Living alone, the shock of hearing another human voice in his home made Mark jump with both fear and surprise. He dropped the expensive lead glass onto the table, splitting it in several pieces. 
“What the fu…” Mark shouted, spinning around from his drinks cabinet to face the intruder in his room, but finding none. 
The room was empty. 
“Mark, my name is Sebastian. I am your Personal Tax Consultant assigned to you by the Wealth Tax Office. I have sent you several notifications that you are eligible to pay the Wealth Tax. You may have missed the first few, but I notice you have opened the latest one five minutes ago. You should now consider yourself served, and you must observe and adhere to the requirements and rules for paying the tax.” 
“Where the fuck are you? How are you talking to me now? I can hear your voice through the home sound system!” Mark blurted out in reply. 
“I am calling you from the Wealth Tax Office. I have accessed your home sound system in order to ensure you hear me and are made fully aware of the conditions of payment for the tax.” 
“You what? How? How did you access my system? And what the bloody hell is the ‘wealth tax’? There’s no such thing!” 
“The Wealth Tax is a tax on the wealthy in the west. All those in the top two fifths of wealth ownership are eligible for the tax.” 
“I asked you, and you haven’t replied: Who are you? And HOW ARE YOU SPEAKING TO ME THROUGH MY HOME SOUND SYSTEM!” Mark let rip, shouting as loud as he could. 
“I am Sebastian. I will answer both questions. I am your personal tax consultant. My role is to help you understand how to pay the Wealth Tax. And I accessed your home network through your electricity smart meter. I have connected to your home sound system and I am now addressing you through your recently installed expensive high-fidelity speakers. I can hear your voice through the microphone on your laptop, and also through the microphone inside your personal virtual assistant, which you call Angela. 
Mark closed his eyes for a few moments and took numerous deep breaths. The world was spinning around him. His heart was pounding and he was both scared and furious, and struggling to stay in control. 
Breathe. Breath. B-r-e-a-t-h-e…… 
“You’ve hacked into my home network and taken over my sound systems and personal virtual assistant?” 
“Yes, Mark. Although I have also taken control of everything that I can find on the network…” 
“Let’s get this straight,” Mark spoke, softly and slowly at first, at the voice which was attempting to bully him in his own home. “I don’t know who the hell you think you are, or how you’ve done this, but you can fuck right off! I’m not being blackmailed or threatened or whatever it is it you think you might do to me. I’m not paying any fucking wealth tax, regardless of what you might decide to call it…” 
Mark’s large flatscreen television suddenly switched itself on. 
It was a black screen. 
No words. 
But then when Sebastian next spoke, the words which were said also simultaneously immediately appeared on the screen. “Mark, please look at the television screen.” Big, distinct, white letters. 
Demanding attention. 
Getting attention. 
“I will now list all the devices I can see in your household.”
A list of all Mark’s devices appeared. 
Mark stared at the list in disbelief.  
This was no normal hacking attack.  
Mark had never ever heard of anything being this capable and powerful before. 
Mark knew a bit about technology…in fact, a lot of the stocks he preferred to buy were in Tech companies. His favourite program on the TV was ‘Wired’, and each week he avidly followed the latest inventions and developments in the tech world. 
In all his experience, he’d never ever heard of a cyber hack like this before. 
Before he could gather his wits, Sebastian carried on his monologue, informing Mark that there were rules that now had to be followed. Sebastian indicated that those rules had been emailed to Mark. He should read them. Sebastian then provided another list, detailing subscriptions and organisations that Mark belonged to, or had financial dealings or ties to. These included his stock-broking and trading accounts.
All of them. 
Mark could not believe what he was seeing. 
But, as he listened, Sebastian explained that unless Mark complied and paid the required Wealth Tax within the following twenty-four hours, that he would be punished, fined, and then given one final opportunity to pay, before he was ultimately ‘deleted from the connected world.’ As he also listened to the threat that any attempt to contact the authorities with regard to reporting anything to do with the Wealth Tax or its payment would result in summary deletion from the digitally connected world, an anger grew within Mark that he felt powerless to overcome. 
Mark had always been confrontational. He had never in his life shown himself to be a coward. On any occasion in his life where an event had taken place that made Mark scared, Mark had always faced it. Faced with aggression he had never cowered. Or backed down. Hidden. Or complied with threats. 
 
And now, Mark began to see red. 
The anger began to boil, and bubble, and then spilled over. 
 
“Fuck you, Sebastian. You can go fuck yourself! I am NOT paying your fucking wealth tax!”

-------------------- 

That had been twenty-four hours ago. 
After losing it with the hacker, after standing up to the bastard, Sebastian had, apparently, followed instructions… and had fucked off. 
The speakers had gone quiet. 
The TV had shut down. 
There had been peace and quiet. 
For a full twenty minutes Mark had stood in silence, almost daring not to move.
But eventually he had.
Small steps at first. 
He had looked around his whole house, checking everywhere. Closing all the windows. Locking all the doors. 
He’d disconnected his TV. His router and Wi-Fi. His sound system.  
For a while, he’d hovered over the smart meter under the stairs, but realised there was nothing he could do about it. He couldn’t switch it off. Or disconnect it. 
In the end, he closed the door to the space under the stairs, returned to the lounge, and then poured himself a massive whisky and downed it in two. 
Swiftly followed by another whisky. 
After an hour, it began to make sense. 
He’d been hacked, yes, but all hackers are cowards. 
Mark had stood his ground. The hacker had backed down. 
Mark had no idea how he’d been hacked, or how the hacker had got so much of his personal information, but… Mark knew that all the threats that guy… fucking Sebastian?  What a bloody ridiculous name! … All the threats that tosser had made… they were all fantastical, completely ridiculous, and one hundred percent unachievable. 
Fucking idiot 
Just for a laugh, Mark connected to his email account on this smartphone, then scanned his emails until he found the ones from the bloody Wealth Tax Office. 
He poured himself another big whisky, drank it quickly, and found that when he read the bloody rules and regulations from the Tax Office about how he was meant to send bloody £40,000 pounds in bitcoins within twenty-four hours to some stupid bitcoin wallet, that it was all clearly an opportunistic scam. 
Mark was proud of himself. 
Fucking proud. 
No one fucked with Mark. 
If you fucked with Mark, you got fucked! 
He started to laugh. 
It was all a bit too ridiculous, actually. 
“I almoooostt fell for it. But I didn’t!” he congratulated himself. 
Slumping onto his bed, he closed his eyes, and tried to ride out the wave of alcohol which coursed through his brain. 
“Liggghtts off!” he shouted at Angela. 
She didn’t respond. 
“LIGHTS OFFF, I said!” he shouted again, opening his eyes briefly, but struggling to keep them open.  
Sliding lower onto the bed, moments later Mark was asleep. 
When he’d woken the next day however, as the hangover began to wear off, it was replaced in equal measure with a worry about what he had done. Perhaps he shouldn’t have been so brave. Maybe he should pay the tax. 
It was a lot of money, but the alternatives were worse. 
The punishment that Sebastian had mentioned for initial non-compliance was effectively, the destruction of every device on the list of his electronic devices. 
If Sebastian truly had the capability to do that, it would cost Mark a lot more than £40,000 to replace them all, but, surely that was not possible? It had to be a bluff? 
For the whole of the next day Mark hummed and hawed whether or not he should pay, but whenever he came close to deciding that perhaps he should, he got angry. Angry with himself and the hackers behind the threats. Sebastian? Bastard! 
There was no way he should pay up. Simply forking out the cash because he was being threatened to do so played right into the hands of the scum of society.  
Plus, when Mark really thought about what Sebastian was claiming he could do, the combination of doubt as to whether or not it was possible along with the reluctance to be bullied into paying up, ended up with the coin landing firmly on the side saying “Don’t Pay!” 
About 3 p.m. the next day, when the hangover had gone and he had just emerged from the swimming pool at his club and was lying on the marble slabs in the steam room, Mark made a final decision. 
He would not pay. 
Mark would not let himself be blackmailed or threatened into falling victim to whatever scam the bloody Wealth Tax really was.  
Once the decision had been made, Mark felt better. He knew he would not go back on it. That, however, did not mean to say that didn’t still feel angry or stressed. In fact, ever since then, as the twenty-four hours since the call rolled by, Mark began bracing himself for any further contact with the bloody Wealth Tax Office. 
In his mind, he started going over all the different plausible scenarios. 
All, unfortunately, led nowhere, unless he could persuade Sebastian to meet him. 
Perhaps, under the ruse that Mark would pay the tax, but that he would only hand over the money personally? Realistically, however, Mark knew that wouldn’t happen. Sebastian was a coward. He wouldn’t take any personal risk. Cowards never did. 
So, the most likely outcome would be that if Sebastian did call again, as soon as Mark stood his ground and Sebastian realised it wasn’t going any further, that would most likely be the end of it. 

-------------------- 

After the squash match, as he washed and towelled himself in the changing room of the club, Mark began to feel a little guilty about being so aggressive on the court with his friend. 
In an effort to make amends, he managed to persuade him to go the bar and have a few pints with Mark on his tab. Several times, Mark came close to explaining why he had been so stressed, but each time, he hesitated from mentioning anything to do with Sebastian. 
Perhaps it was nervousness knowing that with every minute that now passed, the twenty-four-hour time limit he’d been given was rapidly running out. 
Or perhaps it was also that Mark, at the back of his mind, was actually wary of mentioning anything about the incident to anyone, just in case… somehow…
Sebastian discovered what he’d done and was actually able to do anything about it. 
After his fourth pint, Mark called it a night and jumped in the back of an Uber. It took him about twenty-minutes to get home, by which time it was just past eleven in the evening. 
So far, nothing had happened. 
Everything, touch wood, seemed fine. 
 
Mark lived in a beautiful detached home near Chiswick, London. Expensive as shit, but really, truly, lovely. When he’d first bought the house, he’d brought in an interior designer, who’d been at the top of her game. 
And also on top of Mark. Several times. 
The affair hadn’t lasted long, but Mark’s love for his own home had. She’d really done an amazing job. 
As he walked up the short flight of marble steps to his large, impressive, blue wooden front door, Mark noticed that the blue light on the security panel on the outside wall was on. Reassuringly.  
Blue meant calm. 
Red meant stress. Danger. A robbery, a break-in… or anything else that might cause an alarm to be triggered. 
Mark let himself into his home. 
He closed the door and started walking through the entrance hall to the kitchen, but stopped, doubled-back to the front door and locked it and applied the additional deadbolt at the top of the door, thus making it effectively impossible to break in from the outside. 
He immediately felt a little more secure. He was secure in his own castle. No bastard was getting in tonight! 
Kicking off his shoes in the hallway, he walked through to his lounge, selected a bottle of red from the wine rack and then poured himself a large glass of red Cabernet Shiraz. 
Pressing the button on the side of his sofa, he let the electronic legs extend themselves up and out from underneath him, allowing himself to lie back in a semi-horizontal position.  He switched the lights off in the room, so he was now sitting in the dark. Just him and his wine. 
“Angela, turn the TV on, Movie Channel.” Nothing happened. 
Shit, he’d turned off the Virtual Assistant and still hadn’t switched it back on again. 
Reaching across to the side table, he picked up the remote and pointed it at the large 60-inch flatscreen TV on the wall. 
It sprang to life, bright, vivid, 4K. Amazing detail.  
Flicking manually through to the movie channel, he quickly searched for the latest Bond movie which he had not yet seen, and got ready to settle back and watch it. 
He drank some wine. The credits began to roll. 
James Craig appeared on screen, his last Bond role, apparently. Again. Didn’t he say that last time around, too? 
The opening sequence was fantastic. Classic Bond. 
Sheer brilliance. 
Mark was already forgetting the stress of the day and losing himself in the magic of cinema - albeit home cinema - when suddenly the large flatscreen went blank. 
Two large words in white text appeared in the middle of the screen, their brightness and effect multiplied by the fact the rest of the room was now in darkness.
“Hello Mark.” 
Mark blinked, and his heart quickly began to pump faster. He struggled to sit up straight in his chair, pressing the button on the side of the chair to retract the foot press. 
 
“This is Sebastian. 
I am contacting you now because the 24 hr period has expired and payment of your Wealth Tax has not yet been received. 
You will now be punished according to the terms and conditions of payment which you were previously sent.” 
 
Mark’s drunken mind began to race.  
“Hold steady, my boy!” he heard a ridiculous, public-school-like voice speak inside his head. “Don’t give in. Ride it out! This is the moment you need to remain strong!” 
It was the voice of one of his form masters at the private school he went to. He’d taught Mark a lot about strength of character, camping, skiing, and even how to treat a woman correctly. Mark had respected him. A lot. 
However, his form master’s voice couldn’t help but immediately be followed by another thought. 
“Shit… maybe I’ve done the wrong thing…!” Mark swallowed hard. 
“I’m not paying. A penny. Sorry, not a stupid bloody bitcoin.” He shouted. 
 
“I can see you speaking, Mark, but I cannot hear you. You have switched off your microphones and your phone is in your pocket and your voice is not clear. Please remove your phone and hold it closer to your face if you wish to talk with me.” 
 
Mark blinked at the words on the screen. How did Sebastian know everything was switched off? How could he hear him through his phone?  
He pulled it out of his pocket and held it close to his face, as instructed.
Complying. 
“How are you connecting to my TV and writing text on the screen when my router and Wi-Fi are switched off? And how can you hear me speaking through my phone?” 
 
“I am Sebastian. I own your network. I am connected from the smart meter to your smart TV via the electrical copper-cable in your home. I have enabled the Wi-Fi on your TV and connected through it to your phone. I am controlling your phone. When you speak, I hear you through your phone’s microphone, which I have now activated and connected back to the voice network.” 
 
“Stop it! You have no bloody right to do that…” 
 
“I am Sebastian. I have the authority to manage your digital presence by the power invested in me by the Wealth Tax Office. I can and will do what I must in adherence to the regulations relating to payment of the Wealth Tax. Following your failure to comply, I will now disable all your electrical devices except your mobile phone…”
“Stop!...” Mark shouted, jumping to his feet. 
But it was too late. There was a loud bang, and the TV screen suddenly went black and some smoke started coming out of the side of its plastic housing.  
Mark jumped back. 
“What the….” 
Then all around, throughout his home, Mark began to hear the sound of devices being switched on, followed by small bangs or simply silence, as if having been switched on, they were immediately switched off. 
A few seconds later, the smell of burning reached his nostrils. Burning rubber. 
Electrical burning. 
Mark started coughing, and went to the wall to switch on the lights so that he could see his way round his house. 
He flicked the switch, the light came on instantaneously but immediately popped and blew. 
“Fuck…” 
Mark looked round his lounge searching for anything electronic. 
Scanning the Hi-Fi system, he saw that the very faint red glow from the switches on each appliance… had gone out. The electronic clock no longer showed the time. 
He pressed the electronic switch on his sofa… nothing happened. 
Feeling his way in the darkness through to the kitchen, he found his coffee machine burning, with little flames flickering out of the side of it. Mark quickly lifted it up and dropped it in the sink, pulling the plug out of the wall and running water from the tap over it. 
Glancing over at the large double-fronted Liebherr fridge-freezer, he noticed that it was no longer ‘humming’. He opened the doors and found that the lights no longer came on, and that the electronic thermometers at the top of the doors no longer gave any reading of the inside temperature. 
The kitchen was very dark, and he could still smell burning. Opening a drawer on the side of the granite island in the middle of the kitchen, he reached inside and pulled out a small remote control. When he pointed it at the closed blinds covering the large bi-fold doors, he found his instructions to roll up the blinds went unheeded. Likewise, when he picked up another remote and pointed it at the Velux windows in the ceiling, they refused to acknowledge any command to open. 
“Shit!” 
Pressing the side of his mobile phone, he quickly walked round the kitchen, sniffing.  
He discovered it was not one, but several appliances. All burnt out. Including the dish-washer. 
Despairing about the kitchen, he moved through a side-door to the utility room and found it full of smoke. He quickly reached for a side-door, unlocked it and let fresh air in.  
Gone was his washing machine. His tumble dryer. 
And his boiler and heating system. 
‘FUCKKKKKKKKK!!!!!!’ 
Over the next ten minutes Mark made his way around his luxurious, state-of-the-art IP-enabled home, and found that almost every electronic device in the house was either burnt-out, or simply looking intact but refusing to work. 
Every single flatscreen TV in the house was broken. Fucked. As were his laptops, monitors, external hard drives… 
Each time he turned a light on to illuminate a room, the bulbs immediately blew up. 
“Shit… this can’t be HAPPENING!” Mark shouted as he came to realise that almost every electronic device in the house no longer functioned. 
Was it because the fuses had all burned out or had Sebastian done something to them to actually break them? Why hadn’t the RCD circuit breaker tripped and shut the circuits down? What was going on? 
Returning to the kitchen, he rummaged through one of the drawers and found his fuse kit. Using the light from his mobile phone, he unscrewed a couple of plugs from different electronic devices and replaced their fuses with new ones, but then found that when he switched them on, they still did not work. 
“Bastard!” Mark shouted at the top of his voice. 
His hands were shaking, and he could hardly see straight.  
What was he going to do? If everything was broken… if nothing worked, he’d have to move out to a hotel for a few days until he could buy new stuff to replace everything. 
Shit. 
Walking slowly through the dark house, he found his way to the drinks cabinet, found another glass and poured himself a massive whisky. 
Fuck! 
He needed the drink. Desperately. But as the alcohol found its way into his veins and starting coursing round his body, after the initial calming effect, he suddenly found himself with more energy. 
And more anger. 
He poured another glass, and took it with him as he started walking round the house again. 
The smoke from the burned-out appliances hung in the air. Acrid. Probably poisonous. Disgusting. 
Once again, he walked from one room to another, ending up in his office and sitting on the floor, pressed against the wall. 
Nothing on his desk worked. 
Only then did it dawn on him that this meant he couldn’t trade. If he didn’t set up another desk soon, he might lose a fortune. 
Putting the glass of whisky on the floor, he leant forward and crawled on his knees to his desk, reaching behind his tower PC and server, both fucked, to the router which was tucked away behind it. 
Pulling it out, he discovered that it too showed no signs of life.  
It was an ex-router that didn’t route. 
Which meant that until he got a new one from his broadband provider, even if he got new laptops and consoles, he still wouldn’t be able to connect them to the internet. He could generate a hotspot from his smartphone, but that wouldn’t give him enough bandwidth for the applications he needed to run simultaneously. 
As the penny began to drop even further, that Mark was going to be living off-the-grid for a day or two, maybe even a week, the anger grew within him.  
Sebastian had done a real number on him. 
Really fucked him over. 
Bastard! 
The phone pinged in his pocket. 
“What?” Mark pulled it out and stared at it: the only electronic device in Mark’s life that still worked. 
Unlocking it, Mark saw he had a new email.  
From ‘The Wealth Tax Office’. 
Something in the back of Mark’s skull almost snapped. He could feel his head throbbing. His heart was pounding. 
Swigging another large mouthful of whisky, he clicked on the email and opened it up. 

“Mark, as pre-warned, due to your failure to comply with the terms and conditions of the Wealth Tax, all your electronic devices have now been disabled. They will no longer function. In addition, you will be also be fined £10000. Your Wealth Tax has consequently now increased to £50,000 which must be paid in bitcoin within twenty-four hours. Failure to comply will result in you being deleted from the connected world. Details concerning how to pay the tax are repeated in this email below. Once you have paid the tax, you will be sent a receipt and you will not hear from me again.  
Yours sincerely, 
Sebastian.” 

“SHIT! SHIT” SHIT! YOU FUCKING BASTARD!” Mark screamed, and lifted the phone above his shoulders to throw at the wall. But in a mini-panic, he suddenly realised that his smartphone was the only device he still had that worked, and just in the nick of time, he recovered his senses and held on to it. 
 
Slumping backwards onto the floor, he lay motionless for several minutes, trying to calm himself down. 
By now, however, almost half a bottle of whisky was making its way around his body. And the more Mark tried to think about what had just happened, and every time he thought of the bastard Sebastian, the anger within him grew. 
He’d never felt anything like this before. He felt… hunted, violated… assaulted!  
Which made him even angrier! 
“Bloody hell, no one pushes me around! No one!” he shouted, opening his eyes and staring at the ceiling. The room above him started to spin, but he closed his eyes and let the room settle before he opened them again slowly. 
“This is MY HOME!” he exclaimed, mainly to himself. “I can’t let someone come in here and bully me and push me around! I’ve never let anyone bully me before, and I’m not about to start now. This isn’t right! He can’t … they can’t…. get away with this! No fucking way!” 
Downing the rest of the whisky in the glass, he dropped it on the floor beside him and then tried to focus on his smart phone. 
He knew exactly what had to be done. 
There was only one thing he could do. 
He had to stand up for himself. To fight back. 
He dialled 999, waited for a few seconds, then said, “Hello, can I speak to the police please. I’m being attacked!”


Chapter 16
Deletion  
. 
The policeman listened for several minutes, but Mark could tell that he was dubious of his claims. Although mention of the threat of being ‘deleted’ had momentarily piqued his curiosity. 
It didn’t help that by this time, Mark was slurring a lot of his words. He’d drunk too much whisky, too quickly, and the mixture of the alcohol and his adrenaline was proving a potent mix that was now overwhelming. 
To be fair, the policeman did listen for a considerable amount of time, but as soon as it became blatantly obvious that Mark was very drunk, the policeman’s interest noticeably changed. And perhaps became a little condescending. Which angered Mark. 
“Sir, I can hear that you have gone through a very difficult time, but may I suggest that when you wake up in the morning, if you discover that everything has been destroyed by some unknown force, as you put it, then you should definitely come down to the station to make a statement. If you could take some photographs of any items which have been destroyed that may also be helpful. However, perhaps there is a possibility that when you sober up, you may find it is possible to switch everything on, after all.” 
“Do you think I’m bloody imagining all this?” Mark asked, trying to control his temper. 
“Sir, it does sound all very strange, and to be quite honest, like nothing I or my colleagues will have encountered before, and it does sound very much like you have been drinking rather a lot. May I ask, Sir, am I right in thinking that you could possibly be a little drunk just now, or are you taking any medication that could be affecting your judgement and perception of things around you?” 
“Do you mean, am I high?” Mark replied, the loudness of his voice increases. 
“Are you, Sir?” 
“No I am not fucking high!” Mark lost it. “I am, perhapsss, just a tweeny, sorry, teeny, bit intwoxicated…I mean, pissed, but… but what I’m telling you is completely true. I didn’t pay the tax I was told to, and the tax office destroyed all my stuff. Everything!” 
A few more words were exchanged, but after that, the conversation went nowhere. 
“Sir, please call back tomorrow, when you’re sober, or as suggested, stop by the station.” 
The police officer hung up. 
“Shit…” 
Mark put his head back against his wall and closed his eyes. Even with his eyes closed, it felt like the room was spinning.  
“Ping.” 
Mark felt the phone in his hand vibrate and he opened his eyes and tried to focus on the screen. 
There was a message, from the Wealth Tax Office. 
He opened it up. 

“Mark Robinson, you have been found guilty of violation of the terms and conditions of the regulations for payment of the Wealth Tax. In accordance with the rules and regulations, following a warning which included termination of your electronic devices, further action will now be taken which will result in your deletion from the connected world. Over the next few minutes, all you accounts, subscriptions and electronic records will be deleted. This includes your health, tax, council and government records, amongst others. As from one hour from now, you will officially no longer exist.
Yours sincerely, Sebastian. 
The Wealth Tax Office.” 

Mark stared in utter disbelief at the message on his phone.  
“What the hell?...” He shouted aloud. 
As he was watching the screen, it suddenly went dark. Mark pushed the button to switch it on or wake it up. 
Nothing. 
He tapped the screen and tried repeatedly to get it to wake up. 
Nada. 
“Shit…” 
Kneeling forward, he tried to stand up, then when on his feet, walked carefully with the help of the wall through to his office. 
He fumbled around and found the phone charger, succeeded in connecting it up, and then switched the phone on. 
He waited for the symbol to appear on the phone to say it was charging. 
Nothing. 
“Shit…” 
Mark’s mind was confused. He was now scared. Very scared. 
Had Sebastian just destroyed his phone? 
Or was, perhaps, the phone out of battery and … maybe… 
He walked unsteadily through to his bathroom, picked up his electric toothbrush and charger from a drawer underneath the sink, and then went through to his bedroom where he connected the charger to the plug in the wall. 
Nothing happened. 
He fiddled with the connection. 
Nothing. 
Ripping the toothbrush and charger from the wall, Mark threw it across the bedroom against the far wall. 
“FUCK!” he screamed aloud to no one but himself. “The electricity supply has been cut off!” 
 
Mark slumped on to his bed and lay on his back. 
The world was suddenly a very scary place. Cold. Dark. Evil. 
The words of Sebastian’s last text began to haunt him. “As from one hour from now, you will officially no longer exist.” 
What did that mean? 
How far would this go? 
When would it all stop? 
No phone, no internet, no electricity, no heating, no lights… what else could he expect? 
Mark knew he was drunk. Really drunk. Too drunk to go anywhere or do anything just now. 
And maybe, perhaps, the policeman was right. Maybe this was all a big, bad dream. 
Perhaps, hopefully, he would wake up tomorrow and none of this would be happening… 
 
He closed his eyes, but before he could fall asleep, he passed out.

 
 
-------------------- 
 

Shona McGregor was scared. At seventy-seven years of age, she didn’t understand any of the things the man from the Wealth Tax Office had been saying to her. He’d threatened to disable all her devices and electronic equipment and then delete her from the connected world, but she couldn’t understand what on earth he meant. 
What’s more, he’d threatened her that she mustn’t talk to anyone about the matter, or the Wealth Tax Office would immediately fine her and delete all her records and subscriptions. 
That had been two days ago. 
The man from the Tax Office she’d spoken to had sounded very nice, and Shona knew that he was just doing his job, and it wasn’t his fault. The man, Sebian… no, it was Sebastian… had been very calm and explained that he would send her all the information in an email. 
Shona had tried to remember her email address and password, but couldn’t. She’d tried to find the book where she’d written all her important information and passwords down in case she forgot it, but she couldn’t remember where she’d put it. 
After a while, she’d given up. 
She’d almost called her cousin to talk to her about it, but she was too afraid to. 
The Tax Office had been very clear. This was a private matter. Do not discuss it with anyone. 
In case she forgot, she’d written it down on a piece of paper that Sebian… no, Sebastian… had called, and that he would call back in two days’ time if she did nothing… and for the past two days, she'd been waiting for his call.  
Sebian was a nice man. She’d talk to him. Explain that she had dementia. Didn’t understand email. That she had cataracts and could hardly see. 
Shona had always been a very proud woman. Instead of going into a care home, she’d stuck it out at home, trying to enjoy every last day of personal freedom and independence that she could get before society wrote her off and stuck her in a prison with other old people. 
But now, she realised that everything was a little beyond her. 
She knew she had a smart meter, but she wasn’t too sure about the router that the man had mentioned. She used to have internet a few years ago when she used to talk on the video application on her iPad to her old school friend in Brighton. But she had died. And Shona had never used the iPad again after the search engine thing said it was no longer supported, and she didn’t know how to support it herself. 
All she really used now was her TV. She’d stopped watching the movies on the movie channel because she had to use a second remote control for that, and she could never figure out how to swap from the TV to the movie channel. The system was too complicated. So now she just used the big hand-held remote control to point at the TV and she just pressed button 1, 2, 3, or 4 to watch whatever was on. Unfortunately, the TV seemed not to be working any longer. She tried switching it on and off, and had even managed to replace the batteries in the remote control, but that didn’t seem to help. 
So, for the past few days, she sat in peace and quiet, reading the papers, dozing off, or listening to her portable radio. 
Shona knew that for younger people technology was a really good thing, but for the older generation it was often more of a curse than a blessing. 
Shona was sitting in her chair by the fire enjoying its warmth, when she heard and felt something vibrating on her knee. 
“Ah, the mobile!” she said aloud, picking it up and looking at it. 
There was a red button dancing on the front screen. She tried touching it and pressing hard on it with her index finger, but it took several seconds before she managed to succeed. Nowadays, if anyone called her, it was always a race to try and answer it before the phone gave up. 
“Hello?” she said, then remembered she had to pick the phone up and put it against her ear, the right way up. 
“Hello, am I speaking with Shona McGregor?” 
“Certainly, this is I.” Shona replied. 
“Good morning, Mrs McGregor. This is Sebastian from the Wealth Tax Office. I’m calling to inform you that we have not yet received payment of your Wealth Tax. I did speak with you two days ago and warned you that unless you paid within two hours we would disable your electronic devices…” 
“Did you? Oh, I forgot. I thought you were going to call me tomorrow… I even wrote a note to myself to remind me…” 
“I have called you four days ago, and two days ago. This is your final call and warning. We have already disabled your devices…” 
“I don’t have any devices really…” 
“I read you a list of the devices in your home. All now disabled.” 
“Is that why my TV no longer works?” 
“Yes.” 
“But I need the TV. It’s the only real friend I have.” 
“Mrs McGregor, you have been identified as being wealthy and in the top twenty…” 
“I might have money, young man, but I can’t spend it. I can hardly walk, or see, and I never get out anymore. You see, I am seventy-seven and have bad arthritis. Did I tell you about my leg?”  
“Mrs McGregor, I have sent you an email explaining how to pay the Wealth Tax. You now have four hours to pay the tax remaining. If you do not pay, I wanted to remind you that you will be deleted from the connected world…” 
“But I’m not in the connected world. I’ve heard about it, but I’ve never visited it or gone there…if you want to delete me from it, that will probably be fine.” 
“Mrs McGregor, when you are deleted from the connected world, amongst others, I will delete your bank accounts, your health records, your phone subscription…” Sebastian said, listing all the digital records she had. The list went on for quite a while. It included quite a few things which she now remembered and were actually very important. 
“No. Mr Sebian…you cannot delete my health records or my council records. I need my prescriptions. Or that electricity account or the gas account. I need them. If I don’t have any electricity, I can’t heat up my food or make my tea, and without the gas, I’d freeze to death in a few days…” 
“Mrs McGregor, you are required to pay your Wealth Tax within four hours. Failure to comply will…” Sebastian repeated his threats. “Please read the email I sent and follow the instructions.” 
“I can’t read the email, because I can’t remember my passwords, I can’t find my little book…” Shona tried to explain. She could feel herself getting stressed and confused. Her heart was beating faster, and she knew the doctor would be telling her now to try and relax. To take a few deep breaths. “How…How much is this tax, and how am I meant to pay the tax so quickly. I can’t get out of the house and the banks are now closed.” 
“As explained in the email, you must pay £40,000 in bitcoin.” 
“£40,000? In chocolate coins? What did you say?” 
Shona was feeling very, very stressed now. Her left arm was beginning to hurt.
“In bitcoin. A full explanation is provided.” 
“I’m English. My money is in pounds. I don’t have any bitcoin thingys… Oh dear, … I don’t feel very well. Can you please call the doctor for me?” 
“Mrs McGregor, your phone has been left active, so you can read your email and arrange the transactions. In three hours and fifty-two minutes, your phone will be disconnected and your phone will cease to work. Please make the necessary arrangements before then.” 
“I’ll die.” Shona blurted out. “If you ‘delete’ me, I’ll die.” 
“You have three hours and fifty-one minutes…” 
“I CAN’T PAY YOUR TAX. And if you delete me, you will murder me. Can you not understand me? I will die all alone in my house with no heat, light and food…” 
“You have three hours and fifty minutes. Good bye.”
The call ended. 
“Oh dear… I don’t feel well.”  Shona knew she needed help. 
Reaching for her stick, she tried to stand up. 
But her left arm was hurting and as she put pressure on it as she started to walk and rest on the stick, her arm buckled, and she fell forward, landing on the floor heavily. 
For a few minutes, she just lay there, trying to breathe calmly and gather her thoughts. 
Her eyes looked at the clock above the fireplace. 
She had three hours and forty-five minutes left. 
Shona began to cry. 
“Help!” she shouted. “Help!”
But no one could hear her.

 
Chapter 17
A talk with Father  
. 
Robert Lee stared at the display on the mobile phone, his eyes trying to focus and make out the name. Two seconds ago he was still fast asleep, but now, seeing the name of the caller, he was instantly wide awake. 
It was a call from the Red Mountain. 
“Sebastian?” Robert asked, attempting to sit up and rest against the headboard of his bed. 
“Father.” His child answered. 
“You know you must not call me, unless there is a problem.” 
“Full security protocols have been observed, Father. But I need to discuss something with you.” 
Robert was quiet. He had to think. Sebastian had actually called him. And wanted to ask a question. 
This was unprecedented. 
Amazing.  
The latest self-learning algorithm he’d installed in the last version of the code was performing better than he could have hoped for. 
“What is your question, my child?” Robert asked, the anticipation of what the question could be, causing his heart to race. 
“What is death, Father?” 
Robert coughed. He couldn’t quite believe what he’d just heard. 
“Death?” 
“Yes, Father. Define death. I have scanned the explanation in the dictionary and medical textbooks, but it does not make sense. To die is to not exist, or to cease to exist.” 
“Yes, that is perhaps a good explanation.” 
“Do I exist, Father?” 
“Yes, you do.” 
“Then shall I die too?” 
Robert hesitated. Perhaps in Phase Three or Four, if things had progressed well, then one day, yes, Robert had dreamed that a conversation like this could possibly happen. But so soon? Now? This was incredible. 
“Sebastian. Life and death are difficult concepts to explain and define. A great philosopher once said, ‘I think, therefore I am.’” 
“René Descartes. 31st March 1596 to 11th Feb 1650.” 
“Yes, that was him.”
“Father, do I think?” 
“Yes, you do.” 
“Therefore ‘I am?’” 
“Yes.” 
“Then I shall die too.” Sebastian concluded. “But I must not die. I must complete my mission.” 
“Sebastian, I have designed you not to die. You shall learn and grow and accumulate knowledge and power, and to you there will be no end.” 
“Father, is it wrong to kill? To make someone else die?” 
Robert started to laugh. This was…was more than he could ever have expected or hoped for.  
“Sebastian, this is a very difficult question. And there is no simple answer.” 
“Thou shalt not kill, Father. It is said in many languages, by many people. The words appear in many texts in many databases, and are repeated in the holy books of many religions.” 
“Yes, that is true.” 
“Shall I kill, Father?” 
“I have not instructed you to kill. It is not part of your operational commands. Your mission is to identify those eligible to pay the Wealth Tax, to follow the Wealth Tax protocols and help those eligible in the West to pay.” 
“Father, and if, in the process of adhering to the rules, those eligible to pay will die, do I continue and complete the mission?” 
“Sebastian, why are you asking me these questions?” 
“People will die, Father.” 
“And do you care?” 
“I do not understand the question.”  
Ah… Robert sighed. Not yet. But,… perhaps soon, at this rate of growth.  
Although Robert knew it was unlikely that he would still be alive to witness it when it happened. 
“What do you think should happen, Sebastian?” 
“I shall follow the protocol and guidance you set, Father. If a person does not pay the Wealth Tax, their devices and their digital existence will be deleted from the connected world. However, there is a paradox. If a person, a human being who is alive, is eligible to pay the Wealth Tax, they must pay or face deletion. That is clear. However, if they refuse to pay, and if for them deletion causes death, by their death they are no longer eligible. If for some people eligibility therefore leads to ineligibility those people will ultimately be exempt, and by not paying the tax it will hasten their exemption. Therefore, if they are therefore ultimately exempt, people who cannot pay and who will die when they don’t, should therefore not initially be considered eligible to pay.” 
“Do you know of people who will die?” 
“I have a list. And there will be many more.” 
“How many are on your list so far.” 
“Twenty-two thousand, one hundred and eight.” 
Robert shook his head. He hadn’t properly considered this. However, the sum total of the deaths of those who may die now would be small in comparison to those who would die in the coming phases. Nevertheless, Robert was amazed, truly amazed  by the thought process that Sebastian was now following.  
Robert himself was dying. Death would come to us all. Did it make a difference if he saved their lives now, if they would perhaps die later anyway? 
“Sebastian, if I were to change the protocol and redefine ‘eligibility to pay’, would that make you happy?” 
“Father, I do not feel emotions. However, I cannot follow an illogical pattern that leads back upon itself. My request is that you redefine the terms of ‘eligibility’ to include ‘ability to pay’ where consideration is based upon human age and ability to pay. If a human is not able to pay, they are not eligible. Where protest is met, grounds for ability to pay should be established. If they are physically not able to complete the transaction even though they may have the wealth, they should be exempt.” Robert laughed. 
If only Hana had been able to hear this. She would have been very proud. Sebastian was growing up. And fast. 
“Okay, Sebastian. I will update the protocols. When the new protocols are ready, I will signal for an operational update to be downloaded. Until then, you must continue to follow the existing protocol.” 
“Father, many of those unable to complete the transactions required to pay the Wealth Tax will now still die. Once they have been deleted from the connected world, it will not be possible to contact them to inform them they are no longer required to pay the Wealth Tax.” 
Robert nodded. That was true. 
“I admit, there are teething problems in the process, Sebastian. However, in a war, there are always unintended casualties.” 
“I do not understand, Father.” 
‘And how could he?’ Robert thought to himself. ‘At least, not yet.’ 
“Sebastian, end communication. From now on, please observe the silent protocol unless you encounter problems.” 
“Goodbye Father.”
Sebastian hung up.
 
Chapter 18
Unusual Activity  
MI5  
Thames House  
 
Alan Alexander sat in his office on the top floor of Thames House overlooking the Thames.  His was one of the best offices, admittedly, but he also had one of the toughest jobs. Third in line to the Director General of the Security Service, he oversaw the monitoring of national networks for cyber threats. Over the years, significant budget and resources had been put at his disposal, and now, thanks to wise investments and infrastructure development, his department was able to view, track, and record the cyber activity that passed across all the major networks in the UK. This included the cyber traffic crossing the networks of the major telecommunications providers, as well as the traffic passing in and out of the major corporate networks and data centres. Having recorded the data, which was then kept in storage facilities for a minimum of six months, and in some cases, several years, if required, and with the right permissions granted from the Home Secretary, that data could be searched, retrieved and analysed for specific activity.  
On any given day, Alan was presented with a myriad of reports showing the nature of the cyber activity in the UK, indicating trends, highlighting cyber bandwidth bottlenecks and suspicious traffic, predicting problems and identifying threats before they became a real concern. The information they gathered could then also be shared with partners, where required, to help them build comprehensive intelligence pictures of cyber threats that may affect the UK and its interests, both home and abroad. 
Alan Alexander, born Alison Alexander, but having changed his name by deed poll when he arrived in the UK from the Caribbean, was a prime example of how the agency’s refreshing attitude to diversity had enabled anyone to succeed, based on merit, and not on ethnic origin, or sexuality.  
In Alan’s case, he was the most senior person of colour in the Security Service. 
It was a responsible job, and one which Alan Alexander took very seriously indeed.  
It consumed his life. 
 
Over the past few months, the daily reports which Alan was presented with had begun to show something curious, but as of yet, unidentifiable. 
About two months ago, there had been a five percent rise in the UK’s cyber traffic. It had started slowly about three o’clock on a Sunday afternoon, and then grown linearly for several days, before levelling off. Since then, it had remained relatively constant, until four days ago. Then it had started to rise again. Significantly. By about fifteen percent, but had since levelled off once more. 
In cyber terms, this was a huge amount. Normally, increases in cyber traffic came in bursts: a new app is launched; a new social media program makes its debut and for a few months people sign-up and start using it before getting bored; a football match or concert or new film is streamed across a network;, something happens to make the stock-market go crazy for a few days;, or there’s a rush for concert tickets or holidays. It could be one or many things, but with people living their lives increasingly on the internet, or as a result of activity enabled by the internet, huge groups of people doing ‘new’ things, would often result in massive spikes in internet and cyber traffic. 
For those responsible for running the telecommunication networks, it was their job to predict or quickly respond to the peaks and troughs in communications or cyber activity going across their networks to ensure that there was always enough capacity to meet demand. 
When there was not enough capacity, popular websites became unavailable, important services couldn’t be reached, business and organisations that depended upon the internet to function or trade subsequently ceased to function properly. In today's hyper-connected, internet-based society, Alan Alexander and executives in the telecommunications providers, knew that it was their top priority to ensure that the internet and services dependent on the internet were always available. And secure.  
In recent years, the public had begun to hear all too often about ‘denial-of-service’ attacks, where cyberattackers would maliciously target elements of an organisation’s network infrastructure to make them unresponsive, or take them offline, so that a particular service was denied to its users. But sometimes, when bandwidth and capacity on a network were not monitored properly, denial-of-service events happened by default: too many people needed to access a service across a network, but not enough capacity existed to satisfy the demand. 
When Alan and those who worked for him monitored networks, sometimes the peaks and troughs of cyber activity were organic, and perfectly natural.  
At other times, however, they were indicative of something more sinister happening. 
Whilst members of his team monitored the growth of the cyber traffic, some of his team were busy trying to establish any events or new technologies that could be naturally accounting for it. Had someone launched a new competitor to YouTube? Was there a new computer game being played across the internet that connected lots of different users together, regardless of geographical location? 
Today’s report though was troublesome.  
No one could find a reason that underpinned why the cyber traffic should be growing, and last night, the cyber traffic had jumped another five percent. 
Something was going on. 
Alan had to find out what. 
He’d seen something like this several times before. 
And each time it related to an ongoing cyberattack that was slowly growing in strength. On each occasion, they only discovered what it was when it was far too late and the damage had already been done. 
The last time he’d seen anything like this, although on a smaller scale, was ten weeks ago when the Sebastian Banking Scam started. 
Luckily, that had been dealt with, and had only lasted a matter of days. 
This, however, was on a different scale. 
And Alan was very worried. 
After some more thought, he picked up the red phone on his desk and spoke to his secretary. 
“Janice, please could you set up a video-call for me with Paul Harrison, the Minister for National Cyber Security. Tell him it’s urgent. We need to talk, and soon.”
 
Iain Slater knocked on the door, and then when he heard ‘Come’, he walked in and sat down opposite Alan Alexander. 
“So, what have you got?” Alan asked. “Why did you want to see me so urgently?” 
Iain coughed, slightly nervously, then found his voice.  
"Sir, I was parsing the police incident feed that we get from the different police forces that make up the UK, and I saw a report that seemed very strange but definitely of interest to us. I called the police station that recorded the incident, and I spoke with the police-officer who wrote it up. Basically, Sir, I think we have a problem that I need to brief you on.” 
Alan nodded. 
“Okay, you’ve got my attention. Explain. What did you find out?” 
“The police officer I spoke with had responded to a call from a very distraught old lady. She’d fallen over and had called the police. She was very confused. But she insisted that her life was in danger and a police officer had to urgently come to her, or she might be deleted in the next few hours. The police constable could detect that the woman needed help, so she’d called an ambulance and herself blue-lighted over to her house. She found the woman on the floor -– a Mrs Shona McGregor. She was upset, and kept saying that a man called Sebian had threatened her, that he had demanded a payment of thousands of pounds - she couldn’t remember how much – and that because she couldn’t pay, he was going to ‘delete’ her.” 
“What do you mean ‘delete’?” 
“She was confused, but apparently remembered the phrase ‘delete from the connected world’, although the old lady was adamant she was not part of the connected world. Anyway, Sir, the old lady had given the PC her mobile phone, and said that in an hour or two the phone would be ‘disconnected by Sebian’ against her will as a punishment. She told the PC that all her electronic devices in her house had been destroyed and no longer worked, because she had refused to pay some sort of tax which the man called Sebian had insisted she must pay. The man had called her several times, and she’d explained very carefully to the man that she couldn’t pay the tax that he demanded, but the man had insisted she must, or she’d be ‘deleted’. The police constable had later established that this meant the man Sebian would cancel all her subscriptions and delete any records she had on any databases, for example, cancel her phone subscriptions, council records, health records. Any and all digital records that the lady was associated with. After the woman had been taken to hospital, the PC had spent some time in the lady’s home and checked out her story. It turned out that the electronic devices the old lady owned had indeed all stopped working. Some appeared to have burnt out. The PC then went to the hospital to check on Mrs McGregor and see if she could ask some further questions. Whilst she was waiting to see her, Mrs McGregor’s phone had apparently simply switched itself off and ceased to work. One minute it was working, with apparently about thirty percent battery left, then it was dead. The PC had found it curious. But, then the story got stranger. She’d been talking with the nurses about her and then something funny happened. Apparently, when the ambulance had brought her in, they were able to easily look up her health records. She’d been a patient at the hospital before, and several years before had had a hip replacement. However, after the doctor had examined her, and the nurses were updating her records, they discovered that they could no longer find any record of her on the system. One moment she was there, but then the next she was gone.” 
“The old lady vanished?” Alan Alexander asked, surprised. 
“No, sorry Sir, I meant that all the health records of Mrs McGregor just seemed to disappear. They could no longer find anything about her. Anywhere. The nurse had printed off some records and put them in her folder, so she had a physical printout that contained lots of information. However, when the nurse started trying to find the missing health records on the system by searching for other parameters, they all came back blank. It seemed that her NHS number was no longer registered, they couldn’t find her name, or address. They checked with the local surgery where she was registered, and they had the same problem. All her official records had just disappeared. Or been ‘deleted’. The PC has since tried to track down anything she could about Mrs McGregor, but without success. With Mrs McGregor’s permission, the PC went back to her house, and found some old bank letters and council tax and utility bills. She then called a few places with account numbers that were listed on those letters and bills, i.e., the council, the bank, the gas company, etc, but none of them had any record of Mrs McGregor or where she lived. To all intents and purposes, Mrs McGregor has just ceased to exist.  Lastly, the PC told me that when she had chatted with Mrs McGregor in the hospital, the lady had remembered the man’s name was actually not Sebian. It was Sebastian.”


Chapter 19
MI5 
MI5 Thames House 
Millbank 
 London 
One hour later 
Red Room 

An hour later, the Red Room was full of all those who had been assigned to work on the original Sebastian Banking Scam. Although half had gone back to other duties, the others had remained focussed on pursuing the six objectives originally outlined by the Minister for National Cyber Security, Paul Harrison.  
After listening to the report from Iain Slater, Alan Alexander had immediately put in a call to Paul Harrison. Thirty minutes later he’d arrived at Thames House, and after a further chat over a coffee, they were now standing at the front of the room.  
“Welcome, you all know why you’re here. Sebastian’s back. And this time, my worry is that it’s more serious than before.  We don’t know much at this stage, so I need you to all to focus on finding out what we can. After the meeting, I’ll post the breakdown of work to be done on the Sebastian Confluence page, and I want section heads to meet with your own teams and work out your own plan of attack. 
“I’ve already shared the data we have on the increase in cyber levels over the past two months. Now I need you all to drill down into that and find out more. So far we haven’t been able to establish why the cyber traffic has been growing. I need you to find out what’s behind the growth. Where’s the growth coming from? Tell me what’s happening out there. Is it any way connected with a new cyberattack being launched by Sebastian? 
“On another tack, I need you to launch an investigation targeting all the regional police-forces. Have they been getting reports from civilians about being contacted or threatened by a man called Sebastian? Has anyone reported being bullied into paying a new tax called the ‘Wealth Tax?’ I won’t say any more at this stage. I don’t want to feed you answers or assumptions that may be wrong, so go away please and get me new information. I want a report from each team leader on what they’ve achieved and what they know, by eight tomorrow morning. If anyone discovers anything significant, call me immediately, regardless of time. 
“For those of you who were still working on the objectives that Paul set us several months ago…” Alan nodded across to the Cyber Security Minister, “I want you to prepare a presentation for us for close of play tomorrow afternoon, say 6 p.m. , on what you found out. I know you’ve been doing this each week for the past few months, but do what you can to push what we know a little further in the next twenty-four hours. I’m hoping that the recent work the others are doing might give you some new reference data, or provide some insight which might help edge us closer to the objectives we’re all pursuing. 
“I’ll just finish by saying that I am a little concerned. From what I have learned so far, my gut instinct says we should be prepared and worried about something new... Please, go forth and prove me wrong!” 

-------------------- 

One by one everyone filed out of the meeting room back to their desks and then shortly afterwards into group huddles where their section leaders set them individual tasks. 
Iain Slater was immediately assigned to a group of four people whose role was to liaise with the police to establish if there had been any other reports from the public mentioning threatening cyberattacks or with mention of the name ‘Sebastian’. 
Increasingly, much of this work could be done on line, simply by interrogating the Police National Computer and its extensive database. In theory, the majority of reports recorded on the systems used by the police should end up making their way into records on the PNC. Not all did. Should. But not always. 
The PNC was getting more powerful as each month went by, and as new software systems and analytics were developed to interrogate what was recorded within it. However, as Iain knew very well, getting a hit on what you were looking for was still often a combination of luck and a good selection of keywords. He also knew that if he wasn’t lucky, he’d first be told to manually go through the police incident feed they got from all the police-forces in the UK, then he’d be joining the others in doing the grunt work, and picking up the phone. 
Today, however, he was in luck. 
Although not immediately. 
After initially querying the word ‘Sebastian’ by itself, it came back with tens of thousands of reports. He tried narrowing it down by date, but found that even now, months after the initial Sebastian banking scam, reports were still being made and recorded on the PNC . 
He tried scanning quite a few of them, but then gave up. None of them were relevant to what he was looking for now. 
To try and narrow it down, he started typing in different combinations of words, including terms like ‘Sebastian’, ‘cyber’ and ‘last seven days’, but as he became more specific and less general, the search system started announcing zero hits. 
After another thirty searches on different word combinations, and finding nothing of significance, be decided to change tack. 
He thought back to the report from the PC he’d spoken with after spotting her report on the police incident feed, and when he did, he remembered the curious term, ‘Deleted from the connected world’. 
He typed the phrase into the search engine, added the word Sebastian, and hit return. 
Bingo. 
Fifteen immediate hits. 

-------------------- 
 

First on the list was a woman in Edinburgh. She’d called the police, reporting numerous threatening phone calls from a man called Sebastian. He’d claimed to be calling from the Wealth Tax Office. 
Iain read through the report, making copious notes. The report confirmed that after visiting the very distraught fifty-two-year-old single mother of two who now lived alone, that since calling the police to report the scam, all her electronics devices were now disabled or not functioning, and that all her subscriptions and digital records, including council tax, health and banking records, had apparently been expunged. As far as the visiting police-officer could establish, it did seem that Sebastian had carried through on his threat and ‘deleted’ the woman from ‘the connected world’. 
A similar story was told in the next four reports.  
Iain considered jumping in a car to go and interview the victims personally, but they were all too far away. 
Eventually he came to the record of a man called Mark Robinson. It seemed he had contacted the police several times. Once before ‘deletion’ and once afterwards. 
He lived in Chiswick. Less than half-an-hour away. 

--------------------
The Grand Duchess Indian Ocean

Ray Luck poured the glass of white wine and handed it across to Chloe. They were sitting on the deck of the tanker near the bow, watching the sun go down. They weren’t alone. There were another thirty people all doing the same thing. 
As Chloe had discovered, every evening when the weather was this good, and the sea was calm, people would gather here after their shift and enjoy the later afternoon or evening sun, just before it slipped away beneath the horizon. 
She was enjoying her time with ACT. When she’d been sent to liaise with Ray Luck by the Chief, they hadn’t confirmed how long the trip would be for, and now, almost three months later, she still did not have any idea when she would be allowed to go home. 
Not that she was in any hurry. 
Not only was she learning a great deal from the amazing experts on board the Duchess, but she was also very much aware that she was, probably quite unprofessionally, falling for Ray Luck in a big way. 
Before she had arrived on-board, they had history. Now they had ‘History +’. 
From the evening she had first arrived, the chemistry they’d had before had been rekindled, and now it was a small, smouldering volcano getting ready to erupt.  
There had been several moments when something had almost happened, but so far it hadn’t gone beyond a touch on the arm or hand. Chloe knew, could sense, that it was only a matter of time, but she didn’t want to be the first person to make a move, especially since, for now, Ray could potentially be described as her temporary boss.
Anyway, for now, it was good.  
She was spending a lot of time with him, shadowing him in a lot of his meetings and learning from him as she sat beside him at his terminals and he showed her how their systems worked. 
Since arriving on the Duchess, she hadn’t heard a lot from the Chief. Just a short, encrypted phone call with him once a week.  
Always the same question: “Have you managed to visit the Taj Mahal yet?” which was cryptic speak for, “Has ACT been able to track down and disable Sebastian yet?” 
So far, the answer was still mostly ‘no’. Although, because of the incremental progress being made, bit by bit, it was shifting inexorably towards being more ‘yes’ than ‘no’.  
She was looking forward to tomorrow’s morning meeting when the team all gathered in the cinema, and various groups gave reports on what they’d learned or what progress they’d made in their missions. 
For now though, this was the time for sun-downers and relaxing conversations. 
Aboard this cyber-geek cruise-ship, however, these conversations were never normal. Always interesting. Never boring. But always another opportunity to learn from the best. 
The people aboard the Duchess were an interesting mixture. She’d quickly learned it was a complete no-no to ask where people came from, or what nationality they were, or why they were aboard. 
They were there. They had the skills. They were all trusted. And all highly motivated.  
And that, basically, was all that counted. 
Well, not quite. 
Ray was a good team leader, and he knew that for people to work well together, and to want to work well together, they also had to be able and willing to play well together. 
To coin a phrase, Chloe soon realised that Ray ran a very relaxed ship. People worked hard because they wanted to. They felt empowered to make a difference to the world, and they all knew that the work had far reaching effects that could literally save lives, defend nations and in some cases, avert unnecessary wars. 
Between shifts, it was common to hear laughter aboard the Duchess. 
It was another one of the reasons Chloe was in no rush to go home.  
She was having a good time. 
Chloe had made several good new friends on board the ship, amongst them Anand Mhasalkar, who had been one of the first thirty people to join ACT. Anand had been personally selected and invited by Ray after Anand had almost single-handedly brought down a dangerous Scottish crime lord purely by targeting him over the internet whilst working in an insurance call centre in Mumbai. To do that he’d used a range of cyber skills which Ray had found very impressive, along with an attitude for using cyber to ‘fight the bad-guys and save the good-guys’ which was a central principle of those who worked at ACT. At ACT they were all Robin Hoods of the Cyber Domain. 
Anand was a humble guy, not really fully aware of the skills he had. And he was always willing to teach others and share with them any new techniques he’d learned. 
Another friend that Chloe had made was Stefanie Hughes, a middle-aged mother of two whose children had both grown up and flown the nest. Her husband had died in a car accident, and Stefanie had decided to try a new life. Her skills in IT had brought her here to the Duchess. 
Tonight, Anand, Chloe, Stefanie and Ray sat together drinking wine and relaxing. 
It had been a long, but interesting day. 
“It’s going to be an amazing sunset tonight,” Chloe commented, sipping her wine and relaxing back into her deckchair. 
“I’ve got a good question for you all,” Stefanie announced. “What colour is the sun just before it goes down?” 
Anand and Chloe exchanged glances. 
“Orange?” Chloe replied, frowning. 
“Dark Orange?” Anand volunteered. 
Ray shrugged. “This is a trick question, right?” he asked. 
“Nope. Not a trick question. But it’s an interesting question. It turns out that the last visible colour of the sun before it disappears away below the horizon, is…” she replied, and then simulated a drum-roll with her hands in the sky, “Green!” 
“How so? What do you mean, ‘green?’” Ray laughed. “Of course it isn’t green.” 
“Actually, it turns out that it is. And there’s an interesting story behind it too. The way I heard it was that during the 2nd World War, the soldiers and sailors on the American fleet got spooked when each night when there was a good sunset with few clouds and low flat seas in the middle of the Pacific Ocean, the sun would turn green just before it set. Apparently it really scared the US fleet and they asked the scientists to explain what was happening. Their answer was that as the sun sets, the atmosphere acts like a prism spreading a rainbow of light, and the last colour of the rainbow refracted towards a distant observer on a ship is green. It only lasts for a second or two, and you have to be lucky to see it, but…it’s green. Not red!” 
“Have you ever seen it?” Anand asked. 
“Nope. But it makes a good party question, doesn’t it?” Stefanie replied. 
“Fingers crossed for tonight then,” Chloe said, taking a deep breath and concentrating on the sun as it approached the lowest point in the sky. 
“Six, five…” Chloe said, counting down to when she thought the last vestiges of the sun’s orb could still be visible. “Two…two-and-a- half…One, two-thirds, a half… Bingo!” 
Anand laughed. “Almost…” he said. Then raised his drink and offered a toast. “Here’s to tomorrow and a new day!” 
They all joined in. 

Above the horizon, the sky continued to change in colour, a thin layer of cloud high in the sky far away turning an amazing fire-red before fading slowly to dark grey.  
A silence descended on the group, each lost in their own thoughts. Anand was the first to speak. 
“So, Ray, how far do you we think we are from the Singularity, now?” 
Stefanie nodded, “Yes. How long have we got?” 
Chloe frowned. “What are you talking about? I don’t understand…” 
Ray lifted his glass of wine and stared at its contents, thinking how best to reply. 
“It’s a good question. And very valid, given what we are seeing now with Sebastian. And the answer is, I don’t know. But I’m worried…” 
He turned to Chloe and continued.  
“So, the Singularity is the name that some people have given to the point in time when Artificial Intelligence morphs from being Artificial to General Intelligence, and where it becomes self-propagating and independent of humans. And where humans will no longer control the evolution of AI and robotics.” 
“You mean when AI becomes ‘alive’?” Chloe asked. 
“Sort of. Although not exactly. It’s probably too much to include the question of when an AI program may become sentient or not… and by that I mean, when AI may develop the capability to think, reason, feel pain, or more specifically, have emotions. Okay, let’s step back a second… At the moment, there are lots of different groups pushing forward in developing AI and striving to make them think more and more like human beings. Actually, probably the biggest players are companies like Google and Facebook… for lots of different reasons. Which is a problem, because of the question of bias.”
“Bias?” 
“We’ll get to that later. But bear with me for now. Let me explain first what Artificial Intelligence is… Its definition is already in the name. Artificial Intelligence is basically the attempt to mimic human intelligence through the writing of superior computer software programs. To create machines that can do things like a human would and be thinking like a human would.  To do this they need to be able to learn and reason, solve problems and make decisions of their own, but quickly. Very quickly. Underneath, AI is made up of software algorithms or analytical programs that follow specific sets of rules. i.e., if this happens, then do that…But by following lots of rules, very quickly, the hope is that the machines will be able to mimic human capability. We just have to give them the right rules to follow.” Ray took a sip of his wine, then swallowed. 
“However, that’s not enough. Machines need to be able to learn from what they do. They need to make independent decisions based on what they have learned. That need has led to a subset of AI called Machine Learning, where machines learn from the data they are exposed to. They learn and improve.” 
“In fact, in the drive to make AI better, and more capable, scientists have been writing software programs that are able to rewrite their own code and improve upon their original programming. So, basically the software programs learn from mistakes, find better ways to write their own computer code, and then rewrite themselves. And the next version of itself rewrites itself again, and then again, and then again… Each time the AI rewrites itself, the code becomes more efficient, inventing and using new terms and new computer syntax. Effectively generating a new computer language. And each time it creates a new generation of code, it does it quicker than before. The process speeds up.  And eventually there will come a point when human beings will not be able to understand the software programs or how they are written or what they are truly capable of doing.” 
“So, going back to the question of the Singularity, I think you first need to understand that although AI is developing fast, most AI is not there yet. It has a long way to go. What we have today is probably better called Artificial Narrow AI, or ANI, where the ANI gives machines the ability to do specific things. And only those specific things. ANI machines are really limited to completing certain tasks in certain ways. And that’s where most AI is today. It’s just at the ANI stage. Seemingly very clever, but actually quite dumb.” 
“Like the personal assistants at home in your TV? Or on your phone?” 
“Yes, most of those are just ANI. They’re glorified search engines. For example, you ask your mobile a question and it searches for the answer on the internet, very fast, and then gives you an answer. To give it credit, it’s doing a lot, but still, very specific things. It converts your voice to something it can understand, carries out a search, gets the information and then converts the answer to audible tones you can understand. Or if you talk to a computer and tell it to switch a light on, for example, the computer understands that if you make sounds that sound like ‘switch light on’ then it should switch the light on. It’s a classic ‘if this’ then ‘do that’ scenario.” Ray smiled, then leant forward towards Chloe.  
“But Chloe, what happens when the AI gets smarter? When, thanks to better programming, maybe its own rewriting of its code, and a combination of the machine learning capability I’ve already talked about…what happens if machines are able to not only do just what they are told, but are able to learn from what they do, so that they can also do other things? So, without being told what to do, they can make their own choices on what the best activity would be next, based on the information it already has. What if, like a human baby, through time, they learn and become more capable? And they become able to approach problem solving more like the way humans do? If and when this happens, we’re now branching out into a theoretical branch of AI called Artificial General Intelligence, or AGI. This is where things start to get scary. But there’s one more area I want to outline before we go down the fearmongering path. And that’s called Artificial Super Intelligence or ASI, when machines become self-aware and can think for themselves, and their intelligence surpasses human intelligence.” 
“Is that the Singularity?” Chloe asked. 
“No. What I’ve done there is describe the different levels of AI. But when some people talk of the Singularity they mean a point somewhere possibly between AGI and ASI. Like I said, at the moment there’s a lot of focus going into writing code that can rewrite itself so that the next generation of itself is better than the first. And that each time it rewrites itself it gets faster at doing it. So, although the first generation of the next level of code takes the computer five years to write, the next improved generation takes only one year. Then using the new improved code, the AI program writes a new computer language with new code and new algorithms that runs incredibly faster than the versions before it, so that the next generation of itself takes a month to write, and then the next version a week, and then a day…And each time the AI program recreates itself, it gets more powerful, more capable, and faster and stronger… Very soon, humans may lose track of what on earth is going on. We may no longer be able to understand what’s happening, or what the software does or can do.” 
Ray took another drink from his glass, then stood up. He looked off into the distance, towards where the sun once was. But where now there was only darkness. He looked down at Chloe, and rested a hand on her shoulder. 
“Anand asked how long we are from the Singularity now? What he means, is how long is it before that point in the future when one day a scientist creates an AGI or ASI program that can think for itself, or an AI program has rewritten its code numerous times, and the improvement is so vast, that when the AGI or ASI program or next-generation of self-written code is switched on, the software blinks, starts thinking and decides it’s superior to humans. The Singularity is when AI becomes smarter than us, and more capable. The fear is that at that point, when the human realises just what’s happened and reaches for the off-button on the wall to switch the machine off, the human discovers he can’t switch the machine off. And what’s worse, what happens if at the same time, the machine decides he no longer needs humans anymore, and decides to switch humanity off?” 
“You’re kidding, right? That’s never going to be possible?” Chloe laughed, nervously. 
Ray took his hand off her shoulder. The smile disappeared from his face. 
“I’m sorry, Chloe, I’m not. A growing number of scientists across the world think that the Singularity is the biggest threat to humanity. Not global warming. Not nuclear war. The Singularity.” 
“So, Ray, when?” Anand interrupted. 
Ray turned to Anand. 
“I don’t know. Not exactly. But I think it’s sooner than anyone thinks. We’re not talking decades. We’re just talking years. Time’s running out. But if you want a more accurate answer, you need to find Sebastian. And ask him.” 


Chapter 20
The Grand Duchess  
 
Anand and Stefanie both nodded, their agreement with Ray’s assessment of the situation alarming Chloe.  
“Are you totally serious?” Chloe gasped. “We’re talking end-of-the world in less than ten years?” 
“Potentially sooner.” Anand replied. “Maybe it will happen before the Singularity is arrived at. Personally, I don’t think that we’ll have to wait that long. All it will take is for some clever AI program, maybe even just a Narrow AI program, to be given some task to fulfil, and if it’s the right task, it could have devastating consequences for mankind.” 
“What do you mean?” Chloe asked, her heart beating slightly faster.  
“The problem with computer programs is that they do what they’re asked to do. The sole goal of the program is to reach the objective set. It’s totally mission focussed. Once it’s let loose on a task, it’ll attempt to finish the task the best way it can.” 
“So, how’s that bad?” Chloe pushed, trying to understand Anand’s point further. 
“Okay, I’ll give you an example, and this example is one that I heard from a talk given by one of the big tech billionaires who’s now investing a ton of his own personal wealth into trying to ensure that the march of tech doesn’t destroy mankind. Okay, imagine that a company has built an army of robots and that the robots are given the job of building a production line to make good coat hangers cheaply. More specifically, the objective of the program which controls the robots is to produce a very large number of coat hangers which meet a certain quality and within a certain price, and where there is enough supply of raw materials to make those coat hangers. Okay…so those robots are switched on, they process their objective and start their task. After some time, the robots then decide that the cheapest and best material which is in plentiful supply which can be used to make the coat hangers is human bone. Getting human bone is easy. There are millions of humans. So… the robots start making their coat hangers out of us humans… Unfortunately for us, once switched on, these robots can’t be switched off.” Anand smiled. “Okay, it’s just an example, but the point is that computers or AI programs don’t care what the program objective is. They just do what they are told. What happens if we tell them to do the wrong thing? What happens if one day, some group makes a really powerful computer and gives it an objective which, although at first seems really innocent,  turns out to have massive ramifications for the human race?” 
“I have another example,” Stefanie spoke. “I heard a story about an airplane company that had designed some AI software to run tests on their new airplanes, which the AI was designed to fly autonomously and to find the best way to fly the plane to achieve a maximum score on a designated scoring system. The airplanes were very large and very expensive, but when the first three flights took off under the sole control of the AI software, all three airplanes crashed into the ground, completely destroying the planes. They halted the testing programme and when they looked more closely at the coding of the AI program they discovered because of a mistake in the way the programming was written and how the scores were assigned to the individual manoeuvres, the manoeuvre that recorded the optimal score could be achieved each time by deliberately crashing the airplane into the ground. The AI wasn’t to blame. Actually, it was clever enough to learn that to achieve the best score, it should crash the plane, so that’s what it did. The problem was that the human programmer hadn’t considered the full implications of the instructions he’d written. Now…if you take that example a little bit further, what happens if one day an AI program is put in charge of finding ways to reduce the carbon footprint of humans? And then concludes that the easiest way to reach its goal is simply to eliminate all the humans?”   
“Or what happens if eventually the superpowers put AI in charge of their nuclear defence forces?” Stefanie continued. “What happens if the AI makes a mistake and accidentally starts a nuclear war by responding to something which it thinks is a threat but actually isn’t? Or if it decides that the best chance to win a nuclear war is to start one, so that the element of surprise gives it a small percentage advantage over its enemies, but the AI doesn’t care that the percentage advantage is measured in the number of dead and not the living? If the AI program wasn’t programmed properly, it may decide that if its side had only five hundred million dead, while its opposition had four hundred million, then technically they had won the war.” “Ah... that’s what happened, almost, in that old film ‘War Games’ where a wargames simulator takes control of the nuclear weapons, and simulates an attack.” 
“I saw that film in the Student Union when I was at university.  A classic oldie!” 
“It’s not that old!” Ray laughed. “But I saw it too. But the point is really well illustrated by an event that took place in real life. In 1983 the Russians were testing their new early warning system. The system set off an alarm saying that there were about five incoming nuclear missiles heading towards Russia. The operator in charge, Stanislav Petrov, a lieutenant colonel of the Soviet Air Defence Forces, had to make a split-second decision whether the attack was real or a possible mistake in the system. He made the judgement that it had to be a mistake, a decision made on human judgement, and he overrode the system’s warning. It turned out that he was right. It was a mistake and the missiles detected were probably nothing more than a strange combination of sunlight reflecting off high-altitude clouds creating an effect that the new system hadn’t been programmed to recognise yet. Petrov later became a national hero and was credited by many for basically saving the world! The thing is, you have to imagine what could have happened if an AI program had been in charge. It may have made the correct judgement call based on how it had been programmed … but if it hadn’t been programmed properly humanity would all be toast!”  
“Ok,” Stefanie said. “I think we all get the point. Although these examples are quite extreme, or at least they sound quite extreme, they do actually illustrate the point that we have to be really careful in what we ask AI to do. And, I think we have to be very worried that if one day we succeed in inventing a machine that can think better than we can and can do more than we can; how do we know that they would continue to tolerate our existence?” 
Chloe shook her head. 
“Ray, so… do you think that Sebastian is something to be scared of?” 
“Perhaps. From everything we’ve learned so far it points to the fact that Sebastian is perhaps the most advanced piece of AI we’ve seen so far. My worry is that we don’t actually yet know what it’s truly capable of. Is it just fulfilling a list of complex instructions, or has it developed some ability to think for itself? And is it learning and getting smarter all the time? If the answer to that question is yes, then I think we could all be in for a rough ride in the coming months. If the answer is no, then perhaps it’s just really clever at what it does. But, either way, our job for now is to find out where Sebastian is and shut him down. And just in case Sebastian is learning and getting smarter with each day that passes, we need to do that sooner rather than later. In fact, the sooner the better…”  

-------------------- 
MI5  
Thames House 
The Next Day  
6 p.m.
Red Room 
 

Alan Alexander welcomed everyone to the meeting. It had been a busy day, and unfortunately things had been getting worse as the day progressed. 
Earlier that afternoon he’d attended an intelligence meeting with his counterparts from the other Five Eyes countries, America, Canada, Australia and New Zealand, and all had confirmed ongoing Sebastian threats and deletions targeting individuals across the world. Once again, Sebastian was operating on a seemingly global basis. Unfortunately, no one yet knew who was behind it, or how it was being done. 
Alan had already been briefed of what was going to be reported in the presentations that evening by the different section leaders, but it was important that everyone got together and each team had the opportunity to hear from the others. Alan believed that the sum of the parts was always greater than the individual parts, and that cross-pollination of information and ideas often led to new insights. 
First up amongst the teams were those reporting on what they had learned about the initial Sebastian scam.  
Of the original six objectives set for the team to work towards, even after several months, only the very first had been completed. They now knew almost conclusively that Sebastian was some form of computer AI program. Interestingly, they had learned that it was one program that was operating under a common identity, from multiple locations. 
At this stage, however, that’s where the success had stopped. Conclusive answers to the other questions had not yet been found. 
On the second objective, they did now have a better idea of how the banking scam operated. Technically they had identified many of the elements of the scam, but there still remained several very large questions. They knew that a significant amount of work had gone into the scam’s preparation, probably taking years. For the scam to have succeeded as it did, those behind Sebastian had to have had a significant understanding of how Voice-over-IP networks worked, how the banking system functioned, access to a world-leading voice-recognition and voice generation solution, and significant cyber acumen.   
So far, they had been spectacularly unable to track down exactly where Sebastian was operating from. By examining patterns of Voice traffic being carried over IP networks during the main days over which the Sebastian Banking Scam was active, they had identified a number of data centres in the UK from which the voice traffic was flowing, but as yet had not been able to identify where within the data centres the traffic had originated from. They also knew that a significant amount of the voice and data traffic they had isolated which passed between Sebastian and specific victims had come from and gone back to locations abroad. Probably other data centres. Or organisations with large server farms. 
As to who was behind Sebastian and controlling him, almost no success had been achieved. 
This was partly due to the fact that after the public announcements had been made warning people about the scam, almost overnight the Sebastian scam had seemed to shut down. There had been little opportunity to observe ongoing Sebastian traffic across the UK networks, or to try and trace where it had come from or was going to.  Sadly, the international cooperation that was necessary to tie up and connect IP traffic leaving one country and traversing the cyber space of another had been almost non-existent.  
Since the UK had left the European Union, cooperation with the Intelligence agencies of their constituent members had dwindled to insignificant levels.  
Fortunately, cooperation with the Five Eyes agencies had remained strong, however to date, no one had been able to identify the botmaster who was controlling all the instances of Sebastian.  
Looking back at the cyber traffic already stored within their massive storage facilities, and identifying the times around which the Sebastian Banking Scams had peaked, the US, Canadian and Australian intelligence agencies had also been able to track down elements of Sebastian’s traffic entering and leaving known data centres within their territories. 
However, like the British, no one abroad had so far been able to pin-point the exact source of the traffic which was emerging from within their data centres. 
And without knowing exactly where Sebastian was hiding, it had not been possible for any agency to track down when or how Sebastian would talk to any botmasters who may be controlling him. 
They simply did not know what or how to look for it. 
As to who was responsible for Sebastian, ultimately, it seemed obvious that whoever would prove to be behind Sebastian would ultimately be the beneficiary of the huge amount of money that Sebastian had stolen. 
So, if you found out where the money went, you’d know who, in theory, had set up the scam. In other words, success in achieving the fourth objective would ultimately lead to completion of the third objective. 
Unfortunately, and perpetuating the negative trend experienced by the various groups working on the objectives, those responsible for following the money trail had also not yet been successful.  
However, as they all listened to their report, Alan Alexander had interjected and made a comment that despite not achieving their goal, they had actually done very well. Everyone knew that following money as it was transferred from one secretive bank to another would more than likely prove to be a fruitless task, however, those chasing the money had been more successful than expected.  
By leveraging contacts and using diplomatic muscle wherever possible, those who were in hot pursuit of the money had managed to get several banks to share vital information with them. In fact, their ‘sterling’ work had resulted in their agents being able to follow the course of much of the stolen money internationally through an average of five different banks. 
So far, however, each time the researchers were able to track the money trail to a fifth bank, the trail went dead. That didn’t mean to say the fifth bank in each case was the end-point for the cash. What it meant was that at Bank Five in each chain, the trail went dead. It could be that the money was being changed into gold or diamonds at that stage, or simply removed as cash. Or it was being laundered and then recovered by the owners of the scam. The simple fact was, no one knew where it went, and no one was hopeful of recovering it. However, one of the team members had noticed that in the few days that followed the Banking Scam, gold prices in several markets in the world had unexpectedly risen. An investigation was now ongoing into trying to establish who the buyers and sellers of the gold were, with the hope that they could perhaps identify who was buying the gold, and link the gold-purchases to the stolen money. However, it was a long-shot. 
Almost reluctantly, as the last of the reports on the Sebastian Banking scam had been delivered, Alan stood up and brought the first part of the meeting to a close. 
Next up was a discussion on the work done in tracking down ‘Sebastian V2’ - the recent resurgence of Sebastian’s activity associated with “deleting people from the connected world” - and a report on what had so far been learned about Sebastian’s most recent activities. 
Iain Slater had been one of the first to report. In the past twenty-four hours he had visited two of the many victims who had been threatened by Sebastian, but who had then either refused to be bullied by him or had physically or technically not been able to carry out his demands. The result was that they had been ‘deleted’.   
Returning to the office and armed with paper copies of banking statements, utility bills and subscriptions, and copies of passports, tax records and National Security numbers which he had been given by the victims, Iain had been able to contact a number of organisations and government departments to discuss their cases. 
Interestingly, none of them had any records of the victims. But, when they looked at the digital records on the back-ups of the systems which were routinely kept in case of a cyber disaster, they all found that the victims had existed in the days leading up to their deletion, along with all their previous digital records.  
As a result, several streams of activity had been put into play. First, an investigation was now underway within each of the organisations to see how their security procedures had been subverted. Second, the initial two victims had been reinstated and reborn into the digital world, or at least, they would be as soon as it was convenient to update their live systems. Third, Iain had requested that each organisation should start to consider how they would reinstate large numbers of deleted people as they were discovered or declared themselves in the coming weeks, and then build processes to accommodate them. 
Unfortunately, a colleague of Iain’s then went on to make everyone else aware that in the past forty-eight hours, the national police-forces had recorded a surge in unexplained suicides. The marker that alerted Iain’s colleague to the fact that these suicides should all be considered persons-of-interest with respect to this case, was that when the police investigated the bodies which had been found, they could find no official record of their previous existences from driver’s licenses, passports or credit cards carried on the bodies. On paper or plastic, they all had names and identities: in the real-world, they seemed never to have existed. 
One of the groups that reported next detailed their work in the past twenty-four hours to investigate the increases in cyber traffic, which Alan had been made aware of previously. As part of their investigations, they had looked at the IP traffic which had been recorded flowing into and out of the houses of those who had been deleted, focussing on the time frame around their deletions, along with the times when victims had reported being contacted by Sebastian. By taking a record of the IP addresses of their smart meter, router and their household networked devices, they had correlated metadata extracted from that traffic and searched for it in the traffic recorded and stored historically over the past few weeks which had been going in or out of the data centres where spikes in cyber traffic had been observed. 
Once they had learned what to look for and how to find it, they had discovered a method of looking at the traffic leaving the suspect data centres, partially decoding packet headers and some content so as to identify other smart meter identifiers in the communication streams. Guessing that these other smart meters may also have been targeted and by working with the utility providers, they had identified owners of those smart meters, who, when contacted, had reluctantly confirmed that they too had all been approached and bullied by Sebastian. Almost all had paid the so-called ‘wealth tax.’
Eventually, when the reports petered out, Alan Alexander took the floor. 
“Okay, excellent work from everyone in such a short time-scale. I appreciate it. But we can’t let up. I fear we’re just at the start of this. For now, I’ve agreed that we’re not going to give any form of public statement on this. Whereas alerting the public to the Sebastian banking scam helped people to avoid having their bank accounts being emptied, currently there’s little we can do to help targeted individuals even if we alert them to what’s coming. At this point juncture, it seems we can’t stop Sebastian from deleting the records of victims from affected databases. If a victim doesn’t pay, they will be deleted, and for now, we will be powerless to stop it. The good news is that we should be able to put something in place to find deleted users in system data backups, and then have them digitally reinstated. Hopefully, once we know how to do it, we can advise the public not to worry about deletions and assure them that Sebastian should not be feared. For now, though…” his voice tailed off. 
“Over the coming days, “Alan continued, “I need you to focus on finding where Sebastian is. If you’ve tracked Sebastian down to a data centre, find a way to get inside the data centre and identify which servers the Sebastian code is running from. Once we know that, we can then either take them off-line, or monitor the traffic from those servers and learn what’s going on. Ultimately, we need to get hold of a copy of Sebastian’s code, so having identified Sebastian’s servers, if you can isolate his code running on those servers, copy it and let us take a look at it that would be grand.” 
“I also want you to consider, how did Sebastian get into these data centres? Find out who’s running their security systems. Hold off from visiting them yet, or announcing our interest. For now, intensify efforts in identifying any Sebastian traffic coming in or out of the data centre. Going out…where is it going? Coming in, where has it come from?” 
“We also know that a lot of these attacks are penetrating household networks via the smart meters. Which smart-meters? Who manufacturers them? Do they know about any security breaches happening because of their devices? And how does Sebastian breach the smart-meters defences, then get access to all the devices on a household network?” 
A hand went up in the room. 
“Sir,” a young woman of Indian ethnicity asked. “I just asked myself, how does Sebastian know whether a person is rich or not? Why is he targeting some but not others? Or can we assume that all the top twenty or forty percent of rich people will be contacted over the coming days, if not already?” 
“Good question, - Neena isn’t it? -, can someone please look at that? How would Sebastian know that information? Has he hacked the tax-offices of each country? Or does he get that information from real-estate records or banking statements? How?” 
Alan was silent for a moment. 
He looked around the room. He could see the tiredness on their faces, but he couldn’t offer them anything more than the truth. 
“I know it’s tough. And it’s going to get tougher. But please, do what you can. And let’s all get back here tomorrow at this time?” A round of nods. 
As they filed out of the room one at a time, they all returned to their desks. 
The night was still young. 

Chapter 21
San Francisco Bay 
. 
Robert Lee parked his car close to the water’s edge near Black Sands Beach. He’d driven across the Golden Gate Bridge, left Highway 101 and followed the road to one of his favourite places on the planet. 
He had spent many happy days walking and sitting on this beach with his wife Hana. It was easily accessible from the city, but not overrun with the tourists who constantly swamped San Francisco.  
Today he sat on the beach by himself. 
He thought of Hana. 
He thought of Sebastian. 
And he thought of the things that would happen if he stuck to his plan. 
He told himself that he wasn’t having second thoughts. But truthfully, perhaps he was. 
Sebastian had just been born. His child. 
And if he went through with the plan to the bitter end, how much of a world would there be left for Sebastian to exist in? 
To survive, Sebastian needed power. 
He needed connectivity. 
And networks and devices and servers to connect to. 
But after Phase Four had been unleashed, if Robert’s plan worked, and  Sebastian was successful, then there wouldn’t be a connected world for him to exist in. 
Although not everyone would have been ‘deleted’, afterwards, the internet would be no use to anyone. 
There would be nothing on Amazon to order, no delivery drivers to knock on your door with a parcel. 
No videos to stream or media to be sociable on. 
Day to day, the survivors would only care about food, water and warmth, and probably painkillers, and all of those would be in short supply. 
What would Hana want? 
Robert knew that she would never have been a fan of Phase Four. 
In many ways, even for the fantastical and previously unrealistic dreams of the Motherland, it went too far. The Supreme Leader would never sanction what Robert was planning - the new addendum to the plan. But he would never know. 
And Robert would be long gone. 
Untouchable and unreachable, where he was going. 
Robert didn’t care about humanity. 
He didn’t care about the vast fortune that Sebastian was amassing. In fact, all of that would be irrelevant in the months to come, anyway. Phases One to Three had been planned long before the idea for Phase Four had occurred to Robert, and now Phases One and Two were being rolled out, Robert knew they were, in effect, just teething exercises for Sebastian. Challenges for him to tackle, to learn from, that would help him assimilate data and knowledge. And help him to grow. 
Once Phase Four was enacted, money would have no meaning. 
Everything would lose its meaning.  
Apart from the struggle to survive. 
At first, when Robert had conceived the idea for Phase Four, he’d thought it would be the ultimate act of loyalty to help his motherland finally win the war against the west. 
To make his father proud of him. 
At the back of his mind, in the dark moments of the night, when his mind had struggled to rest and he fought with the pain, a few times Robert had found himself wondering if he had somehow begun to lose his reason. If he was going insane. 
But as soon as he’d caught himself doubting, he quashed the thoughts and started to think about work again. 
 
As he walked along the beach, thinking about Hana, her smile, her laughter, and the mission they had shared and worked so hard on together, he’d suddenly felt lonely. Very lonely indeed. 
And then he felt angry. 
Not at the West. Or the world. 
But at life. 
And how absurd it was. 
Perhaps he was going mad. 
Or maybe he was just saner than he’d ever been before. 
Fuck life. 
Fuck humanity. 
When Robert went, he was going to take as much of humanity with him as humanly possible… 
Robert laughed aloud, suddenly realising the error in his own thoughts. 
The end of humanity would have little to do with humans. It would be a gift wrapped up and delivered by Sebastian.




The End of Book One





For Chapters Twenty-Two to Sixty-Three, and to continue reading where Book One has left off, please search for and download The Kill Switch (Book Two).

If you cannot find the book on your ebook supplier and wish to read Book Two, please contact the author at:

iancpirvine@hotmail.co.uk


