The Assassin
By Lee Suilan



2018 © the Assassin, Lee Suilan
Cover Art, 2018 © Woo Liang

License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.
Names, characters, places and incidents are the products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
Story also found on Gay Authors.org.

Warning: This eBook contains scenes with adult language, violence and explicit sex scenes between adult males. It is intended for mature audiences only. If you are offended by such content, please remove this eBook from your files.
####
Contents

One
Two
Three
Four
Five
Six
Seven
Eight
Nine
Ten
Eleven
Twelve
Thirteen
Fourteen
Fifteen
Other Books
One

Sixth Autumn
Tones of orange, yellow and green colored the trees growing on the hills surrounding the valley.  The air cool, calling for a warm wool scarf around the neck, a warm coat, perhaps thick socks, but the weather wasn’t there yet.
Kian stared at his bleeding right index finger.  His hands were numb from the cold.  His upper arms burned, his shoulders ached, and he wished he had on warmer clothes.
“Faster.”
Kian winced at the command.  Biting his bottom lip, Kian glanced at the man sitting on a boulder to his left.  Dark eyes captured his, the promise of pain so clear in the older man’s gaze if he failed to heed the order.  Kian swallowed hard and brought his attention back to the bow he held.
“We don’t have all day.”
Kian took an arrow from the quiver on his back and fitted it on the string on his bow.  He lifted his arms, taking aim, drawing the arrow back with a wince, the string digging into his skin.  Tears stung the back of his eyes.  He bit his lip hard and focused on hitting the circle drawn in the pile of hay ahead.
He let the arrow go, his hundredth in the last two hours.  He struck the middle of the circle with precision.  He glanced at his master for approval.
“Again,” the old man said.  “Do it faster, Kian.”
A hot flash of resentment swept deep inside him.  Kian bit his lip harder, drawing blood.  He reached for another arrow, and fitted it on his bow.  This time, he aimed at his master, aimed and let the arrow fly not caring that the string cut deeper into his fingers.
He stood still when his master caught the arrow with a deft sweep of his hand.
“Anger,” his master mused.  “Good.  Focus it.  Use it to hone your skills.  Again.”
Kian sighed in exasperation.
He was six years old.  All he wanted was to sit on the river bank and catch fish like the other boys from the village across the river did.  Perhaps jump in for a swim.  When he was tired, he would lie on his back on the bank and watch the clouds.  Instead, he was stuck with his grandfather, training over and over.
Kian reached for another arrow and let it, along with his resentment, fly at the pile of hay.
***
Fourteenth Winter
Kian hadn’t eaten in two days, one hour and thirty minutes.  Kian’s stomach growled, hunger pangs making him weak.  Kian took another step forward, biting the wool scarf wrapped around his face, every breath labored.  He was freezing.  The snow kept falling: unrelenting fat flakes, piling faster than he could descend the mountain.  The terrain was steep.  His progress slow as he navigated along a thin ledge to get to the lower ranks of the mountain.  He took another step, his foot coming down on unsteady ground.  He lost his delicate balance and fell hard.  Fingers digging into the snow, he fought to stay on the precarious path as he rolled.  A sharp rock dug into his left side, and stopped his fall…right at the edge.  Kian lay still, glad for the extra padding in his hiking jacket, the rock hadn’t damaged him, yet.  One glance below and he froze.  It wouldn’t be in his best interest to fall unless he wanted to look like minced meat.  There was a bed of jagged rocks below.  Closing his eyes, Kian pressed his face into the fresh snow, his heart pounding hard.
Adrenaline coursed through him, the feeling welcome…familiar.
At fourteen, the only son in his family, heir to his grandfather’s seat in their clan, he spent every minute of his days in danger.  His grandfather thought training him, and pushing him to the limit would give him survival skills.
Staring at the jagged rocks below, Kian thought, after all his grandfather put him through, falling to his death now would be a disgrace.
Kian let out a soft breath, and rolled to his right fast, careful to keep rolling until he got to the wall of the mountain.  He used gagged rocks jutting out to help him up.  Once steady on his feet, he continued his descent.  Patting his left breast, he nodded in relief at the feel of the white crystal rock he retrieved from a cave at the top of the mountain.  His grandfather’s newest challenge.
Kian hoped the crystal was worth the trouble.
His stomach growled and Kian sighed.
If he hurried, he might find Alora cooking rabbit stew in the kitchen, but only if he hurried….
***
Seventeenth Summer
Kian spat out blood, gasping for air, his fingers digging into the thick arm locked around his neck.  The hulk of a man behind him was determined to crush his throat, stop him breathing.  Kian closed his eyes and wondered at the gift his grandfather had given for his seventeenth birthday.
Did others get such violent gifts?
Kian opened his eyes, his gaze taking in the mass of men shouting encouragement to his opponent.  He was in a ring at an underground club.  The club owner was taking bets on the sidelines.  Kian’s grandfather sat untouched at the balcony area above the ring…watching…assessing…
Kian gave up on the thick arm around his neck.  Instead, he jabbed his fingers into his opponent’s eyes, his attack fast, the strength and force enough to surprise.  His opponent loosened his chokehold.  Kian dropped down, escaping the man’s arms.  He got to his feet, punched his fists into the man’s left side, twice.  It wasn’t enough to bring the ugly bastard down.  His attacker lurched toward him, strong arms grabbing Kian’s hips.  Kian was lifted into the air.  Kian knew if the big man dropped him, he would break a bone.  He didn’t need that kind of pain.  Using the momentum, moving with speed honed from years of climbing mountains in winter, Kian maneuvered until he was straddling the big guy’s shoulders.
Locking his arms around the man’s head, he slammed his palm over his opponent’s mouth and nose.  Kian tightened his thighs around the big guy’s neck, contracting his muscles tight; he clung, refusing to move.  Rough nails dug into his arms, his fingers, Kian closed his eyes and listened to his opponent scramble for air.  He refused to move until the big guy stumbled and collapsed to his knees.  Kian jumped off and watched the man fall on the floor, face down.
The change in tide silenced his audience.
Kian stood staring at the man on the floor.  His opponent wasn’t dead; he hadn’t gone that far, but it was close enough.  Shouts of surprise and outrage filled the tent and Kian looked up at his grandfather.  He got a single nod from the old man.  With that, Kian turned and left the ring.
Two hours later, Kian was back in the clan compound in the valley.  He sat on the floor in his room, unable to hide his smile.  His grandfather’s gift for winning the fight was an iPod with one song: Coldplay’s Yellow.
“Enjoy it while you can,” Alora said as she bandaged Kian’s right upper arm.
Alora had come to stay in the compound three years ago.  She hated his grandfather.  Kian still didn’t know why.
“Why are you always so angry?” Kian asked, focusing his gaze on Alora.
She was pretty.  He didn’t know too many women but he imagined Alora’s smile was one of a kind.  From the books he read, her figure would be considered stunning.  She had perfect curves; her plain green dress clung to perfection.  Her dark hair was her most fascinating feature.  She kept it in a tight ponytail.  Some days though, she let the thick mass fall down her back, and he got the strong urge to sink his fingers into it.
“You wouldn’t understand,” Alora was saying, finishing with his bandage.
She gathered her medicines, placing them back in the basket she brought with her.
Kian noticed her trembling fingers and took her left hand.
“What’s wrong Alora?”
She met his gaze.  Her brown eyes filled with tears.
Kian frowned.  His vision blurred and he blinked to clear it.  Alora’s tears slid down her cheeks.  His breath caught when he recognized guilt in her eyes.
“I’m sorry,” she whispered.  “You don’t deserve this because you suffer more than others realize.  But…Raja must end with you.  Without you, your grandfather has no future.  You have to die.”
His vision was getting worse, he was dizzy and he couldn’t seem to hold on to Alora’s hand.  She got up fast, taking her basket with her, she ran out of his room.
Darkness took over.
When Kian woke up, he lay on his bed, a damp cloth on his forehead.
His grandfather sat on a stool on the right side of his bed, his arms crossed against his chest, eyes closed.  His long grey hair held back in a tight braid.  Wrinkles defined the old man’s face; each year seemed to add more.  Kian wondered at the strength that seemed to surround the man, while others got weaker, his grandfather remained a force to contend with.
“What do you read on my face, Kian?”
Kian averted his gaze to the familiar ceiling.
“You are upset.”
“Getting upset is useless,” Seiko Raja said.  “You would have died today.  Alora used a powerful poison.  The fates chose not to take you.  I wonder if you have learned your lesson.”
Kian closed his eyes at the mention of Alora.
“Where is she?”
“She’s gone,” Seiko said.
Gone, meaning, Alora was dead.
Pain filled Kian’s heart.  He liked Alora.  Her eyes were kind when she talked to him.  Everyone else in the compound stayed away, as though he were a demon.  Alora…she talked to him, teased him.  She showed him a soft side that didn’t exist around him.
“She poisoned you, meant to kill you, Kian.  Compassion is the last thing you should feel for her,” Seiko said.  “How many more must I remove from your side before you learn not to care?”
“She said she was sorry,” Kian whispered.
He wanted to think her smiles were genuine.
“They all say they are sorry,” Seiko said.  “Never forget, everything comes with a price.  Alora paid hers.”
Kian returned his gaze to his grandfather.
“Why did she hate you?” Kian asked.
Seiko held his gaze for a moment, and then got up.
“As I’ve said, everything comes with a price.  It is time you learned the price you have to pay for being my grandson,” Seiko said.  “Get dressed.”
***
Kian followed behind his grandfather to the helicopter waiting in an open clearing outside the compound he had called home for seventeen years.  He never left the compound unless it was at night, and in the company of his grandfather.
Most times, they blindfolded or drugged him, only for him to wake up at their destination, like in the fighting ring the night before.  This was the first time his grandfather was allowing him to walk on his own power to the helicopter, and during the day.
Kian couldn’t help the wide smile as the pilot took the helicopter up over the luscious green valley he loved.  His gaze swept over the clear river that divided his home from villages nearby.  He laughed when he saw boys running along the edge of the river, chasing after goats.  He too loved that simple freedom.
The scenery was beautiful, the valley vast and gorgeous, the mountain an assuring shadow.  Through the years, Kian came to love Mount Asani despite his dangerous adventures on its slopes.  Those adventures made him stronger, gained him favor with his grandfather.  He stole a glance at Seiko.  His grandfather sat straight in his seat, his gaze thoughtful as he stared down at their compound.  Kian read nostalgia in his grandfather’s features, perhaps a sadness.
Kian frowned, worried about what would make his grandfather sad.  His frown disappeared as the scenery changed, giving way to winding roads, houses and farms, and then turning into vast tall buildings, and crisscrossed roads.  Kian smiled.  Cities, Kian had only read about them, seen them in photographs, but never been in one.  Adrenaline surged through him fast…skipping…eager.
The helicopter stopped on top of one of those tall buildings.  His grandfather urged him up, and he jumped out of the helicopter on light feet, straightening to his full height when he was clear of the chopper’s blades.  Seiko came up behind him, touching Kian’s shoulder.  Seiko led the way forward into the building, entering an elevator, which they rode down to the seventh sub-floor.
Kian followed his grandfather down a short corridor and stopped when double doors opened into an elegant room with only one occupant.  The woman behind the desk in the middle of the room was blond.  She stood up with a wide smile.
“Welcome to Raja Securities - Tokyo.”
“Are they ready?” Seiko asked.
“Yes, Sir,” the woman said.
Kian gave her a small nod, wanting to ask her name, but his grandfather was already heading to the door behind the woman.
Seiko opened the door and took a step back.
“You asked why Alora hated me,” Seiko said.  “First, you have to understand what Raja Securities does from the ground up.  Only then will you have the answer you want.”
Kian peered into the dark room.  He took a tentative step in and paused.
“Grandfather?”
“You have to go through a vetting process to enter Raja Securities.”  Seiko reached for the door.  “I hope to meet you on the ground floor.  Make me proud.”
Seiko slammed the door closed, the lock hissing as it engaged.
Kian stood still in the ensuing darkness.
His enthusiasm disappeared.  He took in a calming breath as lights came on and he was staring at three figures in black, their faces covered with dark hoods.
His grandfather’s grand schemes still at play, Kian thought.
This test…like so many others he lived through.
There was no time to be angry, or to sulk, not with a pair of star-shaped daggers flying straight at his head.
***
Twelve hours, Kian thought as he walked up the stairs to the ground floor.
It took him twelve hours to get through the seven sub-floors of hell, each floor hiding its own set of challenges.  Dark men with swords and poisoned star-shaped knives trying to kill him, changing walls trying to squeeze the life out of him, wild beasts stalking him through an Amazon forest, he had particularly hated the sinking sand.  His arms were wrapped in dark cloth ripped off one of his attackers to survive the sinking sands ordeal.  His last challenge was out of control, three floors of fifty highly trained men doing their best to murder him.
His grandfather’s sense of humor was too dark.
Kian pulled open the door to the ground floor and stopped short when an army of thousands of men and women met him.  They were all dressed in black, their hair held in severe ponytails, their eyes deadly.  Kian froze, wondering if he had to fight them too.
“Kian.”
His grandfather’s voice boomed into the wide hall.  Kian glanced up to find his grandfather standing on a staircase landing above the ground floor.  Kian returned his gaze to the men and women facing him, their gazes enough to make him wary.
“Congratulations on setting an unprecedented record.  Our record before was forty-eight hours.  You are the first to ever finish a Raja trial in twelve hours.  Welcome to Raja Securities.  You are now one of us,” Seiko Raja said. “Kian, you are now the heir to this powerful organization.”
“Organization…”
Kian froze when the thousands of men and women with deadly gazes all bowed in his direction in a frightening practiced move.
He gaped as he realized he was waiting-leader to an army of assassins.

Twenty-second Spring
“Assassin for hire, have you heard of such idiocy, Ryuho?  In this century?”
Ronald Michaels burst into a wild laugh and threw the note on his desk.
“Idiots!  My security is now dreaming up enemies when I have enough as it is.”
Kian smiled, placing the tray of food he held on the desk.  He arranged files, and closed the laptop Ronald was using.  He moved it to the side, and arranged the tray before Ronald.
“This looks delicious,” Ronald said, taking the cup filled with macha tea.  “You’re a wonderful chef, Ryuho, the only source of peace around me.”
Kian took a step back giving Ronald his space.
“You remain a man of few words,” Ronald noted with a small smile for Kian.
Ronald picked up his spoon and took a bite of the raisin-oatmeal Kian prepared.  The recipe was old.  Kian had learned how to make it from a woman he met two years ago.  She loved oatmeal, and thought it the best meal for breakfast no matter the situation.  Her end saddened him.  She taught him many things.  Her ex-husband had placed a contract on her head not wanting to share the company they owned together.  Kian had used oatmeal to end her.  She was Kian’s tenth assignment.
Kian watched Ronald eat oatmeal now with a measure of weariness.  This assignment was harder than most.
Ronald Michaels was a skilled physician and brilliant research scientist.  He ran a private research facility in the middle of Tibet, working with a poor rural community in the surrounding caves, providing them with food and medicine supplies.
Kian had not seen anything that would warrant his death.  Nothing at all in the three months he worked for the doctor.
Kian watched Ronald drink his macha tea, waiting…always waiting.
Ronald’s cell phone buzzed and he answered it without much thought for Kian’s presence.
“I’ve told you I won’t accept a negative answer.”
Ronald shook his head as though the person on the other end could see him.
“I need the funds, Kiyo.  We’re close to a breakthrough.  The human tests are underway, there’s no turning back.”
Kian closed his eyes in disappointment.  He had hoped the order was wrong.  It seemed his grandfather’s information source was on point.  Any human tests Ronald was conducting meant a great deal of suffering to the rural community Ronald was ‘helping’.  The contract on Ronald was adamant about taking him out only when there was proof of abuse.  Kian opened his eyes, taking in the empty room.  There were no security cameras in Ronald’s office.  A blessing for Kian.
“I’ll expect to see the funds by this afternoon,” Ronald was saying to his caller.  “Don’t delay this, Kiyo.”
Ronald placed his cell phone on the table, and sipped his macha with a small appreciative sigh.
Kian slid a sharp thin sliver of metal from his left sleeve into his hand.  He closed the distance to Ronald’s chair with quiet steps and sunk the rod into the base of Ronald’s head.  The kill was fast, painless, and undetectable until the autopsy.
Kian ensured Ronald stayed upright in his seat.  He arranged the laptop before Ronald, making sure it was on.  He took the tray when he left Ronald’s study.  Kian went into the kitchen and washed the dishes as was expected of Ronald’s chef.
Kian left the house fifteen minutes later, taking the van he used for groceries.  He stopped at the main gates, smiling at the handsome dark haired guard he seduced a month before.  The young man winked at him, and opened the gates without questioning Kian’s unscheduled grocery run.
Kian drove out of the compound at a sedate speed, his twentieth assignment complete.
***
Twenty – eighth Summer
The silence changed.
Senses alert, Kian lay on his bed, eyes closed, listening.  The silence shifted, movement: deliberate, quiet steps.  His bedroom door was open, the man sleeping on the bed on his left side sound asleep.  The steps approached without hesitation, not even pausing when they reached his bedroom door.  His fingers gripped the knife under his pillow.
“Looks like you had a good time last night,” said Yui, Raja Securities top executive assistant, her voice barely above a whisper.
Kian did not relax his hold on the knife under his pillow, but he did open his eyes to see Yui sit in the armchair by the wall.
“You know how to choose the best hotel rooms.  Barely any windows in this one,” Yui noted.  “Tiny slots in the bathroom: can’t fit there.  I guess your hasty retreat would be down the corridor, to the fire escape.  Bad move though, do you need another training session—?”
“State your business,” Kian cut her off, her presence annoyed him.
He removed the knife from under his pillow and placed it on the bedside table.  Yui sat still, her gaze on the knife.  Kian watched her take in a calming breath.  When she spoke again, her voice was steady.
“Your grandfather is looking for you.”
Kian sat up, leaning against the headboard.  His gaze on his passed out companion.  Blonde, sculpted body, athletic, he couldn’t remember the guy’s name.  He had not wanted to know.  He dosed the poor man after their long shower at around four o’clock this morning.  The poor guy wouldn’t wake up until two in the afternoon.
“You have a new assignment,” Yui said.
“Leave.”
Kian threw the sheets aside and slid out of bed, naked.
Yui scowled at him.
“You can’t hide forever.”
“I’m not hiding very well seeing as you keep finding me.”
Kian stretched his arms above his head.
“Kian.”
“Tell grandfather to stop looking for me.”
“Your grandfather is not at his best.”
“He never was,” Kian said, heading to the bathroom.
He closed the door and went to turn on the shower.  He was taking a piss, waiting for the shower to heat up, when the door opened.  Flushing the toilet, he gave Yui a scalding glare and entered the shower stall.
“I’m not leaving today,” she stated.  “Your assignment is simple.  Find Dr. Daven Noland, terminate the target.”
Using plain soap, Kian concentrated on washing his hair, scrubbing it hard to get rid of any scents he might have picked up from his lover.  He scrubbed his body with equal vigor, and then stood under the scalding hot water for a minute.  Turning off the water, he pushed back his hair and sighed when the stall opened and Yui held out a towel.
Taking the large towel, Kian wiped his face, negligently running the towel over his body.
“Dr. Daven Noland has been working with the MSF.”  Yui elaborated.  “The Médecins Sans Frontières.”
Kian wrapped the towel around his hips and walked to the mirror.  He hadn’t shaved in a week.  Rubbing his beard, he decided it suited him, for now.  He grabbed his toothbrush, put toothpaste and concentrated on brushing his teeth.
“Dr. Noland has worked a number of refugee camps.  His last assignment was running the MSF center in the Dadaab camp for six months,” Yui continued.  “Security deteriorated.  Dr. Noland ordered his medical staff evacuated after a severe militia attack.  As we understand, he witnessed an incident he shouldn't have in the course of his work in Somali.  He is now due to appear next month as a witness at the International Criminal Court in The Hague.  This cannot happen.”
Kian rinsed his mouth letting the water run in the sink to wash the foam away.  He reached for mouthwash, taking a healthy swig; he swished the stinging liquid in his mouth, and then spat it out.  Once again, letting the water run to wash away the mixture of spit and mouthwash.  Slapping the tap closed, he walked around Yui, entering the bedroom.  He got fresh underwear from his duffel bag, wearing clean black boxer briefs with a fast practiced move.  His lover was still asleep, sprawled on the bed, dead to the world.
Kian picked up the black t-shirt and the pair of jeans from the night before.  He wore them as Yui continued.
“Dr. Noland crossed one of our clients, Kian. The contract on him is worth a small nation.  The grid has him landing in New York weeks ago, but he has since disappeared.  We can't find him.”
Kian wore his boots and grabbed his duffel bag from the chair in the corner of the dim bedroom.  He got his knife from the bedside table, and jacket from the armchair Yui had used.  The knife he stuffed into a sheath in his boot.  Stuffing his jacket into the bag, he checked his money clip.  He had enough for a bus ticket out of the city, after that he would need more.  Slinging the bag over his shoulder, he left the bedroom.  Kian wished he could have made coffee, but that wasn’t going to happen with Yui here.  He retrieved a coffee can from the counter in the tiny kitchen the hotel provided and stuck it into his duffel bag.  He would have to make do with a to-go cup from the shop down the street.
“Dr. Noland is the son of an Egyptian Math professor, and an American businessman.  His father is Killian Noland, a major decision maker in the Wagon-Colt Consortium, and a major investor in Raja Securities, without his knowledge of course.  Killian is a difficult man.  Your Grandfather has gone to great lengths to hide their connections.  The status of the contract may change, but as it is now, it remains a sensitive matter.  If Killian discovers the contract on his son, he will work to discover who we are.  If that happens, Raja Securities suffers a setback.  Your Grandfather insists you handle this assignment fast.”
Kian glanced around the small living room, making sure he had forgotten nothing.  Satisfied, Kian met Yui’s dark gaze.
“Don’t follow me.”
“Are you listening to me?”
“Next time you enter my room without an invite, I’ll use the knife.”
“I’ll find you, again.”
Kian left the hotel room he had called home for two days without another word.  He ignored the exit Yui pointed out at the end of the corridor, taking the elevator down to the main lobby instead.  Once downstairs, he turned into the service corridor and left the quaint hotel through the laundry room.  Kian stepped into the middle of Kuala Lampur, quickly disappearing into the crowded Petaling Street.
***
Yui stepped out of the hotel minutes later, unhappy.  She glared at the two men she had brought with her.
“Your man's a ghost.  We lost him the moment he came out of the hotel.  He dumped the duffel bag you tagged in the laundry room, the jacket too.”
“Damn it.”  Yui sighed, not ready to face Kian’s grandfather.  Seiko was desperate to see his grandson.  The deadliest type of desperation.  To the point, Yui knew that Seiko would be happy to accept Kian’s dead body if they returned him so.  She sighed again.
“Looks like we have to find another way to engage Kian’s interest.  Call headquarters, assign operatives from tier 1 on the MSF target.”
***
“Effortless,” Kian scoffed, as though any assignment Yui gave him was easy.
Raja Securities was full of hidden agendas.  Nothing was effortless, or simple.  Every assignment had an impact on alliances, money routes and assets.
Kian sipped his coffee, his gaze on the television screen mounted on the wall in the small coffee shop.  The owner of the shop was busy behind the counter chopping onions for lunchtime.  Too busy to care about a stranger drinking coffee in his little shop among ten other customers.  No CCTV in the little shop to capture his whereabouts.
Kian smiled, already plotting on how to make Yui’s next search for him harder.  The television above him tuned to a news station.
‘…Dr. Daven Noland has worked with the MSF, traveling across the globe with the organization. His stance on increasing funding to provide better facilities and stronger security measures in war-torn regions…”
Kian dropped enough money to cover his coffee next to his empty cup and got up.  Adjusting the collar on the black jacket he had borrowed from a stall nearby, he pulled the cap he wore lower over his face, and left the little shop.
Time to move onto the next continent, he thought.
***

Two

“Wake up! Wake up!”
Un-fucking-believable.
Daven groaned into his pillow as two pairs of little hands rapped a relentless beat on his back.  He turned his head to the left and opened one eye.  He caught a glimpse of a brown-skinned little girl, her hair in long braids, peering at him.  Zena caught him looking and she giggled, reaching for her brother, Aram, who knelt on Daven’s right side.
Daven buried his face into his pillow again listening to Zena and Aram whisper to each other.
“He’s awake,” Zena said.  “Should we tell him?”
“We should wait for him to wake up.”
Aram’s tone was more somber.  The kid was too serious for a five year old.  It worried Daven sometimes.
“Mommy will be mad if we wait,” Zena said.
She was the carefree one at seven years old, impatient and energetic.  She made him laugh even when he was having a bad day.
Daven contemplated lying there for a few minutes while the two conspired, but he wanted to know what they wanted to tell him.  So, he turned on his back with a dramatic yawn, and smiled when they both moved to hug him.  He was engulfed in sweet strawberry shampoo and sloppy kisses on his face.  The love they showered on him healed the deep ridges in his heart like nothing else could.
Daven wrapped an arm around each one and sat up to lean his back on the headboard.  Zena settled against his right side, and Aram on his left side.
“Uncle Daven, are you awake now?” Aram asked, peering at him, rubbing his palm on Daven’s stubble.  “You yawned, are you still sleepy?”
“Am wide awake, thanks to you,” Daven said, pressing a kiss on Aram’s soft cheek.
“I told you he was awake,” Zena said, proud of her all-knowing status.
He turned to look at her and was treated to a toothless smile.  Zena had lost her two front teeth.
“Uncle Daven, Mommy said to wake you up.”
“She did?  And why did Mommy want you to wake me up?”
“She said you need to eat breakfast before you meet a guest,” Aram said, resting his head on Daven’s left shoulder.  “Do you know who the guest is?”
“No,” Daven said with a frown.
“Me too,” Aram said, rubbing Daven’s jaw.  “Zena do you know?”
“No,” Zena said, bouncing against him.  She pursed her lips and placed both her hands on Daven’s right jaw.  “Do you know, Uncle Daven?”
Daven grinned.
“No, I don’t, Zena.  Did you eat breakfast?”
“Yes!” Zena said, smiling again.
God, he loved her toothless smile.  Zena’s yes came out as ‘yeth’ because of it, and that tickled the hell out of him.
“I see you got my alarm,” Naomi said, drawing his attention to the door.
Naomi Noland was his younger brother’s ex-wife.  She was beautiful: her smooth brown skin reminded him of rich caramel.  Her dark eyes warm and welcoming no matter the situation.  Her tall slender frame hid a temper more deadly than a rumbling volcano, and a passionate love for her children to match.  She divorced his brother when she caught him cheating with the nanny.  Then, she cried hard two years after the divorce when Mike died in a tragic car accident on the California State Highway.
Naomi dealt with Mike’s death by showering Zena and Aram with all of her attention and love.
He, on the other hand, had chosen the path to hell.
Daven hugged the children to him.
“Come on, Uncle Daven, I won’t let you sleep the day away.”  Naomi insisted.  “Zena, Aram, go on downstairs.  Anika is going to take you to school.”
Anika was Naomi’s best friend and neighbor across the street.
“Uncle Daven, will you be awake when we get back?” Aram asked.
Daven nodded.
“Of course, little man.  Go on now, take care of your sister at school, okay?”
“Promise you’ll be awake?” Zena asked.
“I promise,” Daven said.
“Can we go for ice cream after school with Uncle Noland?” Zena asked, looking to her mother for permission.
“We’ll see,” Naomi said, coming to the bed.
She helped Zena down, then Aram.
Daven smiled when Aram took his sister’s hand.  After another round of goodbyes, the kids hurried out of his bedroom, heading downstairs.
“That was cold, Naomi,” Daven said with a wide yawn, fighting the urge to reach for his covers.
Naomi perched on the edge of his bed.  She flipped the dark hair on her shoulder back, and smiled at him.
“You came into my house four weeks ago.  You wouldn’t talk, looked like shit, no offense.”
“None taken,” Daven said, scratching his jaw.
“All you have done since is sleep through the day and night,” Naomi continued.  “Tell me I shouldn’t be worried, Daven.”
“You shouldn’t worry, Naomi.”
“I’m going to smack you.  Your parents are going nuts looking for you.  You won’t let me call them.  If you were me, wouldn’t you be worried?”
Daven groaned and rubbed his eyes.  He had known the questions would come.  When he arrived at Naomi’s doorstep he’d been too tired to deal with the real world.  The moment Naomi showed him into this room, he had fallen on the comfortable bed, and given into the months-worth of constant sleep depravation.
“Was it worth it?” Naomi asked.
Daven met her gaze, knowing what she was asking.
“It was what I felt I needed to do,” he answered.
Working with the MSF was a spur of the moment decision.  He had wanted to be pushed to the limits, to be in a place he didn’t need to think at all.  Thanks to his rush decision, he had jumped headlong into a fucking mess.
“I worried,” Naomi said.  “The worst time was when you were in Syria.  I thought you were going to die.”
Daven took her hand, and gave it a small squeeze.
“Which was why I accepted the post to run the station in Dadaab.”
“Won’t you quit?” Naomi asked.  “I need you to quit, Daven.  My kids don’t have any other family.  You’re it.  Can you please stop putting your life in danger?”
Daven stared into Naomi’s pleading gaze.  Her expression enough to convince him to give in and move back to the States, find a nice hospital and work shifts.  At thirty-four, he was a fully-qualified surgeon with enough experience to land a prestigious placing.  However…
“Daven—
He patted Naomi’s hand and pushed the covers away.  Shifting his legs to the side of the bed, he stood and stretched his arms above his head.
“Who is the guest you want me to meet?”
Naomi sighed.
“Are you going to keep brushing away this topic?”
“I’m not ready to think beyond the next hour,” Daven answered.
He rather liked the idea of going with the flow at the moment.  Smiling at her deep frown, he adjusted his pajama pants.
“You’re too pretty for a frown, Naomi.  I’m going to brush my teeth.  Then we can go have breakfast.  I’m starving.”
Daven winked at her and entered the private bathroom attached to his bedroom.  Taking a piss, he flushed the toilet.  He frowned at the water swirling down the vortex in the toilet bowl, his piss quickly replaced with clean water.  Daven moved to the sink, turning on the water to wash his hands.  The scent of lavender from the soap filled his nostrils, and he bent over the sink to wash his face; clear his head.
Closing his eyes, the scent of death permeating the air: animals, humans alike…vultures flying in the sky above anticipating a feast…filled his senses.  The memory momentarily overpowered the scent of lavender.  His heart plummeted and he splashed water on his face to wash away the soap.
Daven slammed his palm on the tap, turning the water off.  Grabbing the hand towel folded neatly on the sink, he wiped his face and stared into the mirror above the sink.  He barely recognized the man looking back at him.  His brown skin was lighter now, no longer under the hot tropical sun.  The dark shadows under his eyes were receding, thanks to uninterrupted sleep.  He would have frightened a crow weeks ago.  His hair was in thick dreadlocks, long mistreated, and too long they reached his shoulder blades.  Turning away from his unimpressive appearance, Daven dropped the hand towel into a laundry basket and left the clean bathroom.
He stopped at the bathroom door and watched Naomi arrange pillows on his now neat bed.  She had placed a set of clean clothes at the foot of the bed.  She straightened up and met his gaze.
“I thought you might like to change out of those old clothes.”
Daven chuckled, removed his t-shirt came to place it on the bed.  Taking the blue one Naomi had bought, he rubbed the smooth fabric on his cheek.  It smelled new.  Giving her an appreciative smile, he wore the t-shirt and dropped his pajama bottoms.
Naomi grinned.
“I’m flattered you don’t bat an eyelash at changing in front of me,” Naomi said, taking his old t-shirt from the bed.
“Should I?” Daven asked, wearing the new blue jeans she laid out for him over his boxers.
“Not at all,” Naomi chuckled and took his pajama bottoms between her index finger and thumb.
“I think this might need to be burned.  You’ve lived in them for weeks.”
“Hey,” Daven protested.
“Your opinion doesn’t count,” Naomi said, dumping his clothes in a laundry basket in the corner of the room.
She wiped her hands on the soft fabric of her red pencil skirt and urged him to the door.
“Come on, we should get food in your stomach.  I made waffles, eggs and bacon,” Naomi said.
His stomach growled in anticipation.
Naomi’s house was in a quiet suburb.  He had teased her about wanting to be a suburban wife when she first bought it.  Now, he rather admired her for choosing to live here.  Her children were protected, growing up in a community where they would make friends, fall in love…feel secure.
Daven followed Naomi into a large sunny kitchen downstairs.  The sink was piled with dishes from breakfast with the kids.
Naomi urged him to sit.  A minute later, she placed a steaming mug of coffee before him.
“Thanks,” he murmured, inhaling the delicious coffee scent.  Dark roast, so wonderfully prepared.  He took a sip and moaned in appreciation, then got to work doctoring it with sugar.  “You make the best damn coffee.”
Naomi smiled and brought him a plate full of waffles, eggs and bacon.
Slave to his appetite, Daven focused on eating, his gaze following Naomi as she wore an apron and dish-washing gloves.  She worked on reducing the dishes at the sink, occasionally glancing at him as though to make sure he was still sitting at her kitchen table.
Rays from the morning sun danced along the clean counters in Naomi’s kitchen.  Kissing the mint leaves growing in small red pots along the windows.  Highlighting the colorful drawings stuck on the fridge: priceless messy crayon drawings depicting a house and four people living in it.
“Why four?” Daven found himself asking.
Naomi glanced at him, and he pointed at the drawings on the fridge.
She smiled and rinsed out the last of the plates.
“I’ve taught the kids to think of you as part of the family, Uncle Daven.  They didn’t get to know their father as I would have wanted them to.  So, they have you.”
Daven ate the last bite of his waffles, his gaze on the pictures on the fridge.  He’d never thought of himself as a father figure.  His lifestyle wasn’t meant for a man with a family.  But for Zena and Aram, he thought about Zena’s toothless smile…he could consider it.
“I have one last thing to do,” he said, placing his fork on his empty plate.  Sipping his coffee, he sat back and met Naomi’s gaze.  “One last thing, and then I will find an easier job here.”
Naomi gripped the dish towel she held tight, her eyes shining with tears.  She cleared her throat and looked away, wiping her hands on the dish towel.
“What about your loft in Manhattan?” Naomi asked, her voice raw with emotion.
“It’s nice to have, but I won’t be close to Aram and Zena,” Daven said.  “I’ll find a place close by and put the loft up for rent.”
“You can stay with us,” Naomi offered, her tone too hopeful.  “There’s more than enough room.  This house is too big—,” She broke off.  “Unless of course you don’t want to—
“I’d love to,” Daven said.
“I promise not to interfere with your personal life,” Naomi said.  “You are planning on getting one, right?  It would be really nice to see you fall in love, Daven.”
“One step at a time, Naomi,” Daven said, reaching for his coffee. 
Naomi chuckled and placed the dishcloth on the counter.  She took his empty plate.  Placing her right hand on his shoulder, she squeezed.
“One step at a time,” she said in agreement, giving him a watery smile.  “Are you ready for your visitor now?”
“What kind of visitor is this?”
Naomi touched his hair.
“Your hair needs serious maintenance, baby.”
Daven grinned leaning his elbows on the table.
“Should I cut them off?” Daven asked, touching his dreadlocks.  He’d gotten used to the weight of them, and as his hair grew out, he simply tied them back.
“No,” Naomi went to wash his plate.  When she was done, she removed the apron and hang it on a hook beside the sink.  “I don’t think I’ve known you without them.  They look good on you.  Let me spoil you today, hmm…my hairdresser’s coming over.  She works wonders with hair.  After, I’ll take you to my spa.”
Daven chuckled, amused by Naomi’s attempts to pamper him.
He let her do it because it felt good to have someone else make decisions.
***
“Look Uncle Daven,” Aram said, tugging on Daven’s blue t-shirt, late afternoon.  “Look, look, ice cream.”
Daven carried Aram in his arms as they walked through the Stoneridge Shopping Center.  Zena walked beside Naomi, holding her mother’s hand.
“Shall we?” Daven asked Naomi.
“We shall,” Naomi gave him a small smile.  “Although, not too much ice cream.  We don’t want to spoil dinner.”
“Can we take some home?” Zena asked, when they detoured to the ice cream shop.
“What a great idea,” Daven said, smiling at Aram.  “We can save ice cream for tomorrow in the fridge.”
“You’re bad for the rules,” Naomi stated, when they got out of the shop twenty minutes later.
Daven carried a tub of pistachio ice cream in a bag in his left hand, and Aram with his right.  Aram was busy licking his ice cream cone, happy to make a mess of his shirt and Daven’s arm.
“We should sit at the food court,” Naomi suggested.  “Aram is going to get you pretty messy.”
“I love it,” Daven said, watching Aram eat his ice cream with relish.  “He’s enjoying it, why stop him.”
They chose a table at the edge of the food court.  Zena sat in her own chair, while Daven settled Aram on top of the table.  Bad manners, Naomi pointed, but Daven ignored it wanting to watch Aram.
“It’s good to see you smiling.”  Naomi handed him napkins.
Daven wiped off the ice cream on his arm, and off his t-shirt.  Grinning when Aram took a big bite of his ice cream.  Gosh, he hoped the kid wouldn’t get a cold out of this.
“Are you hungry?” Naomi asked, glancing around the busy food court.  “Zena?  Want something to eat?”
“Can I get fries?” Zena asked.
“How about a fruit salad, baby?” Naomi asked.  “You like pineapples, don’t you?”
“Okay,” Zena said.  “What about Uncle Daven?”
“I want a huge messy hamburger.  Zena can share my fries,” Daven said.
“Great, Zena and I will get you food, and you can watch the little munchkin,” Naomi said nodding to Aram.
Daven watched Naomi and Zena head to the nearest burger place.  He watched over Aram who was finishing his ice cream.  His gaze wandering to the other patrons in the food court.  Two teenagers in the corner, gazing into each other’s eyes like the world was ending later.  Their young love was delightful to watch.  An older couple behind them.  They were staring out the windows, Daven wondered what they saw.  He jerked when squishy cold touched his jaw and he turned to find Aram had finished his ice cream.
“You don’t want the cone?”
Aram shook his head and held it out to him.
Daven smiled and took the offending messy cone, placing it on the table behind Aram.  He grabbed two clean napkins and worked on cleaning strawberry ice cream off Aram’s cheeks.
“There you go, little man,” he murmured, when Aram’s face was clean.  “You have to look good for the ladies to take notice.  Your Mama is going to have a hard time keeping them off you for sure.”
Aram gave him a wide smile and Daven laughed.
***
In the shadows, Kian watched Daven Noland interact with his nephew.
Daven was so gentle with the little boy.  He should have looked silly at it—tall, big man, dark hair in dreads down his back talking to a small boy in earnest—instead, Daven looked strong and dependable.
Kian narrowed his gaze.
The woman coming back with a little girl, and the boy Daven smiled at were a weak point.  He watched the woman settle the little girl in the chair next to Daven.  Together, they moved the boy into his own chair.  Daven helped the woman arrange the food on the table, grinning when the little girl sneaked a French fry from Daven’s pile.
Kian watched the little family for the next half hour.  Their reality unreal to him.
Daven smiled.  A lot.  The woman mothered the children and Daven.  She passed ketchup, forks, napkins, wiping small mouths and even pressing the corner of a napkin to Daven’s lips.  Her soft brown skin gorgeous in the afternoon sun.  She was the reason Daven smiled and the kids laughed and looked to her for approval.  Her spirit gentle and giving.
Just like Alora, Kian remembered.  She was gentle too.
Looking away from the cozy family scene, Kian concentrated on the reason why he had found Daven Noland.  Yui would not have given up.  He refused the assignment, so she would have sent operatives after Daven.  A set of four, in case one plan failed, there would be contingency plans.
For Daven, the cause of death would need to be as natural as possible.  Any obvious accidents would point to murder considering the high profile nature of his testimony at The Hague.  Gunshots, poisoned darts were out, that left flat out accidents, and undetectable poisons.
Food poisoning was easiest.
Kian’s gaze settled on a janitor moving from one table to the next.  Not unusual, the mall employed several.  He checked the schedule on his phone.  This one in particular was assigned to work the food court, keep restrooms clean, and clear out tables and trash.  Kian put his cell phone into his pocket, and sipped the strawberry milk shake he held.
The Janitor moved closer to the little family, his work meticulous, too neat.  Kian kept in the shadows watching the man work.  Every step the janitor made designed to end up at Daven’s table.
This was the first operative.
In truth, if Kian did nothing here, he could continue living as he had these past three years.  Traveling from city to city, to different countries, seeking what…he didn’t know, yet.  Escaping his real life, ignoring the bonds that tied him to a deadly organization and a grandfather he didn’t know how to hate but wanted to.
Escaping Yui was the highest excitement he wanted, not seeing his grandfather face-to-face his only vow.
Daven Noland was a speck to dust off.  An assignment he didn’t want, but clearly other operatives could handle.  This operative was two minutes away from the happy family.  Kian watched the man reach into his overall pocket.  No doubt to reach for his chosen weapon.  A vial, perhaps.  The man wasn’t fast enough, Kian caught sight of the small bottle.  Years ago, he’d have been the one to punish such a sloppy mistake.
The goal was to slip the contents of the vial into Daven’s drink.  The liquid in the small jar designed to react while Daven was on the road, or at home, away from the scene.  All the operative would need to do was follow his victim to get proof the plan had worked.
Kian sipped his milk shake and started to turn away.
***
“Finish your fruit, baby,” Naomi urged Zena
“But I want Uncle Daven’s fries,” Zena insisted.
“If you finish your fruit, I’ll give you a whole bunch,” Daven promised.
Zena sighed and took her plastic spoon.  She dug into the fruit and took a huge bite, determined to finish.
“What is it you have to do before you move here?” Naomi asked Daven.  “Should we start looking for a job anyway?”
Daven let Aram down, and watched him circle around to his sister’s side.
“I have a meeting at the UN offices in New York,” Daven said, though it wasn’t really New York but The Netherlands.  He didn’t want to worry Naomi with his problems.  
“There are sensitive matters to discuss, and then, I will hand in my resignation.  The process might take a little over a month.”
“What if you open your own practice?”
Daven chuckled.
“That’s a lot of work, Naomi.”
“You can’t tell me you’ve never thought of it.”
Naomi stopped Aram from wandering away, grabbing his arm and bringing him back to the table.  She sat him on her lap and gave him a small slice of chicken from her salad.
“It would be perfect.  You set your hours, and you won’t have to deal with the bureaucracy in hospitals,” Naomi continued.
“Tempting,” Daven said, uncapping his water cup so that he could drink his water directly.
“Mommy, what is a biro-ocrasy?” Aram asked.
“A bureaucracy,” Naomi said it slow.
“It’s when annoying people in suits want to drive you crazy,” Daven explained.
He pushed his fingers into his hair and made a funny face making Aram and Zena burst into happy laughs.
“Look Mommy, Uncle Daven is crazy,” Zena said.
“More than you know,” Daven kissed her cheek.
He froze when a weight fell on his back, and cold, wet trailed down his neck into his t-shirt.  He used his body to protect Zena, and turned his head to see a grinning man in ripped jeans and a faded t-shirt raising his arms in apology.
“I’m sorry,” the man said.  “I tripped.  Didn’t see the table there…”
Assured there was no danger to Zena, Daven sat up, glancing at Naomi who still held Aram in her arms.
“Are you okay?” he asked her.
“I’m fine, but you—,”
Naomi grimaced.
Daven felt it then, the slick wetness down his back, he was sure it was in his hair too.  He stood up, and stared at the milkshake cup on the floor.  Damn, his luck was rotten, pretty sure he was drenched in strawberry milkshake.
The culprit moved closer, touching his shoulder.
“That looks gross,” the man said.
“No shit.”  Daven cursed.
“Daven.”
Naomi glared at him.
“Sorry.”
Daven sighed.
“I can have it dry cleaned for you?” the man responsible suggested.
Daven took a closer look at his assailant.  The man didn’t look like he had an extra penny to spend, what with the ripped jeans and old t-shirt.  Daven couldn’t see his eyes, thanks to the cap drawn down so low over his face.
“I think I can handle it from here,” Daven said.
Daven glanced up and for the first time noticed the janitor at the next table.  The floor around their table was wet with strawberry milkshake.  In the fall, the young man must have hit Daven’s cup of water too as it had spilled.  Their food was scattered.  Their table was clearly going to take more than a minute to clean.
“I’m sorry about the mess,” Daven felt compelled to say to the janitor.
To his surprise, the man grabbed his cleaning cart and walked off in a hurry, disappearing around the corner in seconds despite an obvious limp.
“Guess he’s upset,” Naomi said, getting up too.  She took her handbag.  “Daven, why don’t you go clean up?  I’ll find something for you to wear.”
“Thanks,” Daven said, taking the napkins she handed him.
Naomi gave his assailant an unhappy gaze, taking Aram’s and Zena’s hands.
“Come on kids, let’s go get Uncle Daven a t-shirt to wear.”
“Uncle Daven’s shirt is wet,” Zena said.  “Will he catch a cold?”
Daven used the napkins to wipe strawberry shake off his neck.
“Not if we hurry,” Naomi said, and led the way to the nearest clothing store.
Daven turned to head to the bathroom and to his eternal surprise, the man who had drenched him followed.
“You don’t have to come along,” Daven said, entering the bathroom and going straight to the sinks.
He removed the t-shirt, and turned on water at one sink.  Wetting the napkins, he did his best to wipe off sticky strawberry milkshake from his back.
***
One down, three to go, Kian calculated, watching Daven wash at the sink.  Locking the bathroom door, Kian ignored the spectacular sight of Daven without a shirt, and focused on the closed cubicles.  Three of them.  On silent footsteps, Kian walked up to the first cubicle.  The door was open, so he entered and closed the door.  Closing the lid on the toilet, he climbed up and swung himself up to the top of the cubicle frames.  The second one was empty, but in the third…a woman stood, her fingers twirling high-grade fishing line.
Bad choice, unless she planned to stage Daven’s death.
Balancing on the frame, Kian jumped in right behind her, his descent silent.  Before she could react to his presence, he caught her in an unrelenting chokehold that put her out in three seconds flat.  Her weight sagged against him.  Kian reached behind, closing the toilet lid, he sat her on the toilet making sure she was balanced and wouldn’t fall.
Two more operatives to go.
Opening the bathroom stall door, he stepped out of the cubicle to find Daven drying the tips of his dreads with the hand dryer.  His sexy body devoid of strawberry milkshake.  Kian wondered what Daven would say if he had offered to lick it off.  The man looked good enough to eat, and Kian didn’t mind having a taste.
“Are you still here?” Daven asked, glancing at him through the mirrors over the sink.
Kian smiled.
“Of course, I have to make sure you clean up.”
Kian moved to take the soiled t-shirt Daven had left on the counter.
“Don’t,” Daven said.  “I’ll take it home.”
“But—
“Haven’t you done enough?” Daven asked.
Kian stopped.  His gaze sweeping back to the last cubicle.
Yes, what was he doing?
This was enough to get Raja Securities coming after him.  The remaining two operatives would call for backup.  While none of them knew who he was, the fact that an unknown was interfering with their assignment was enough trouble.  He should leave.
“I’m sorry,” Kian said, giving Daven a slight smile.  He placed the t-shirt on the counter.
“Yeah,” Daven replied, starting the hand dryer again to finish drying his hair.
Kian went to the bathroom door, unlocking it.
Instinct had him raising his arms up in defense when a kick came flying at him.  The force of it enough to push him back.  He managed to stop his fall inches away from the first cubicle wall.  Daven stopped drying his hair, staring at him in shock.
“Don’t move,” Kian ordered Daven.
As long as Daven stayed in one position, he would not get hurt.  Kian ignored Daven’s alarmed expression and focused on his assailants.
They were two, the first operative must have alerted them.
Kian had sunk a knife into a vital point in the janitor’s upper thigh, the man wouldn’t be able to fight for a few months.  The woman in the cubicle was out for the next several hours.  These two, with their open attack, Kian had no choice but to put them down for good.
Raja Securities never sanctioned the use of guns, especially in open places like malls.  The two men entered the bathroom and locked the door.  They produced long thin daggers, ready for full combat.
Kian carried no weapons.  It was easier to live un-noticed if you carried as little as possible.  He broke his defensive stance and walked up to Daven.  Meeting panicked green eyes, he smiled as he reached for Daven’s trousers.  Undoing Daven’s belt, he removed it in a swift tug before Daven could ask.
Their assailants came at him at once, their intent to murder him then Daven drowning the room.
***
The three men moved fast.  Too fast for Daven to see clearly.  The two holding the blades attacking the strawberry shake man, over and over.  A swift deadly dance, one touch of those blades enough to draw blood.  He held his breath as one cut strawberry shake man’s left arm.  Strawberry shake man was using the belt to deflect the daggers, he was good at it too.
Shit, were these idiots playing some kind of make-believe video game.
What was it these days?  Pokémon-Go?
Daven threw the napkins he held in the trash bin.  His gaze on the red on strawberry shake man’s arm.  The blood was real.  He knew blood, and the stuff trailing along on Strawberry shake man’s arm was fucking real.
The fight blocked him from the door, so he couldn’t escape.  He prayed Naomi would keep waiting at the food court.  God, don’t let her send Aram in…
A soft grunt, and one of the assailants lost his blade.  In the next instant, Strawberry shake man held the blade.  He sunk it first into one man’s chest, then into the other’s neck.
Daven’s instinct was to rush forward to stop the blood flowing out of the first man’s chest.  Strawberry shake man pushed Daven back and Daven lost his balance and sat on the floor.
Strawberry shake man dragged the dying men into the first cubicle and closed the door.  He picked up Daven’s belt and held it out to Daven.
“Don’t forget your t-shirt,” Strawberry shake man said, his tone flat, as though he hadn’t just stabbed two men.
“Who are you?” Daven asked, not moving, his gaze on the closed cubicle doors.
“Someone who is taking risks to save you,” Strawberry shake man said.  “If you want to keep living, you will do as I say.”
“You’re mad.  I need to call the cops.”
“That’s fine, but first think of the woman and the children.  You need to get them out of here.”
The kids!  Naomi!
“Oh God.”
Daven got up from the floor.  He grabbed his t-shirt off the counter and ran to the door.
Daven ran into Aram first outside the bathroom door.
“Uncle Daven, I brought your t-shirt.  Can I pee?”
Daven bent down and picked up Aram.
“We need to go.”
“But I’m going to pee myself,” Aram said, his tone urgent.  “I have to go.  I don’t want to pee—
“Let him pee,” Strawberry shake man said behind him, his tone amused.
Daven spared him a glare.
“Are you insane?”
A shrug came in return, and then a nod toward the ladies’ bathroom.
Daven winced when the scary man walked into the ladies bathroom without concern.  When no one screamed out their wrath, the man declared the bathroom empty.  Daven took Aram in with a sigh.
“Why are we using the girl’s bathroom?” Aram asked as Daven took him to one of the cubicles.
“They are cleaning the boys’ bathroom.”
“Do I have to squat like a girl to pee?”
Daven chuckled.
Daven dropped Aram’s trousers and briefs and sat him on the porcelain bowl.
“Why can’t girls stand like boys to pee?” Aram asked, as he did his business.
“Because they’re not boys,” Daven answered, sure Naomi wouldn’t thank him if he explained the differences further.
***
Kian stood at the door listening to Daven answer innocent child questions.  That damnable gentle way Daven had with the boy annoyed Kian.  He couldn’t remember experiencing such gentleness as a child.  Hell, irritating his grandfather earned him extra hours on the practice grounds.  Running, doing push-ups, or whatever the hell the task master thought up.
Kian shifted his feet, his left arm stung.  He lifted his arm to study the cut.  He wiped the blood away with his palm.  The cut was not deep.  He looked up and paused when he noted the security camera mounted in the corner.
Damn surveillance, Kian cursed under his breath.
Looking into the ladies bathroom, he sighed when he found Daven still in the cubicle talking to the boy.  Oh well, he’d stopped the first wave.  Yui would assume the mission was still underway, for now.  Reinforcements would come later in the night.
Kian left the two in the bathroom and made his way to the security office, hoping the mall’s data was not stored offsite.  This was turning into a nuisance.
***
Daven returned to Naomi and Zena minutes later in a state of confusion.  The Strawberry shake man had disappeared.  As though Daven dreamed him up.  Worried for his sanity, he’d had Aram wait for him at the door so he could check the first cubicle in the men’s bathroom.  If it weren’t for the two men propped on the toilet seat, Daven would have thought he was crazy.
“Are you are alright?” Naomi asked.
“Fine,” Daven answered looking around the food court.
“What an exciting afternoon for Uncle Daven,” Naomi teased.
“I chose your new shirt, Uncle Daven,” Zena said, her toothless smile lighting up her face.
“Did you?” Daven touched the light blue t-shirt he now wore.  “You have good taste.”
“Mommy said so too,” Zena said.  “Let’s go home, I wanna watch cartoons.”
“Me too,” Aram seconded his sister.
Daven figured the faster they left the mall the better.  He wondered if he should call nine-one-one about the men in the bathroom.  His recent past, however, made him pause.  The Strawberry shake man had said something about ‘if-he-wanted-to-keep living’.  Daven shuddered.  The mercenaries he’d ran into at the refugee camp came to mind.
Had they come looking for him?
“I’ll drive,” Daven said, when they were outside.
Naomi threw him the keys, and she worked on settling the kids in the backseat.
The drive back to Silver Close was uneventful.  Daven listened to Naomi talk and sing with the kids.  His attention on the vehicles following them as he drove into Naomi’s driveway, he studied the cars that passed after.
“You don’t seem fine.”  Naomi noted when he got out of the car.  “Did we push too hard today?”
“No.”  Daven shook his head watching Aram and Zena race into the house.  “It was nice to be out and about.  Thanks for the t-shirt.”
“That strawberry milkshake thing was weird,” Naomi said, getting the shopping bags they accumulated at the mall out of the trunk.  “That guy came out of nowhere.  I swear I didn’t see him trip.”
Daven thought about the unbelievable fight in the bathroom mall.
“Unreal,” he murmured.
Naomi chuckled and headed to the house.
“I’m going to take a walk.”
Daven called after her.
“I’ll be with the kids.  The fridge is stocked, in case you get hungry again.  Feel free, Daven.”
She entered the house in the next instant.
A minute passed, and then he turned.
Daven froze when he saw the Strawberry shake man standing at the end of the driveway.  That stupid cap pulled low so that it was hard to see his face.  The silly grin on the man’s lips aggravated Daven.
Closing the distance between them with a short jog, he growled.
“You!  Who are you?” Daven gripped the man’s t-shirt and shook him.  “What do you want from me?”
“My name is Kian.  I’m your assassin.”
***

Three

Daven stepped back fast.  His eyes filled with panic.
Kian frowned.
Perhaps he should have been gentler in his introduction.  Still, it was always good to keep the truth in the open.  Daven was an assignment.  His mark.  Given to him by the deadliest organization in existence.  Their relationship had to be clear.
“I’m calling the cops,” Daven said, starting to head back to the house.
“That would be a mistake.”
“Two people are dead in the mall.  You killed them.  I ran because I was worried about my family.  Now here you are—
“If your family still worries you, then you shouldn’t call the police.  Police tend to make the situation messy.”
Daven stopped and turned to look at Kian.
Kian smiled, hoping to reassure the taller man.  Daven’s green eyes filled with more panic and confusion.  The man seemed on the verge…of a breakdown.
“The men you worry about have been moved by now,” Kian explained, with a small frown.  Yui would make sure no one discovered the assassins.  “Their deaths, concealed.  I cleaned out all CCTV footage.  No authority will believe your story.”
Daven took another step back.
“Still—,”
“You’re wary of me.”  Kian understood now.  “I’m sorry if I make you uncomfortable.  I can only give you facts.”
“What facts?” Daven asked in a whisper.  “You said—are you going to kill me?”
“I have saved you three times.”
Kian considered that truth.  He hadn’t meant to butt in, but watching Daven laugh in that food court, he had felt compelled to stop the janitor.  At the cost of his own freedom, he grimaced, a freedom he valued above all else.
“The damage is done,” Kian said with an inward sigh.  “Why would I kill you now?”
“But you said—”
Daven broke off, and wiped a hand down his face.
Kian looked at the windows in the house beyond.  The curtain in the living room moved and he tagged his cap lower over his forehead.
“Your woman—
“She’s not my woman.  She’s my sister in-law.  Her kids, my nephew and niece.  I have to keep them safe no matter what.  Do you understand?  They can’t know about this!”
“You would deceive them?” Kian asked, noting that the woman in question was now watching them openly.  She had pulled back the curtain and didn’t care that he saw her.
“Yes.”
“Then you should introduce me to her,” Kian said.  “Tell her I’m her new neighbor.”
“Hell no,” Daven looked horrified.  “I don’t know what game you are playing, but you need to leave.  Go and don’t come back.  I want to forget we ever met.”
“That will be difficult,” Kian said.  “I really am living next door.”
Daven gaped.
Kian lifted his left hand and waved at Naomi.  She returned the wave after a moment of hesitation.
“When you are ready to learn more, find me there.”
Kian pointed to the ranch house on Daven’s left.
“Not as fancy as your house, but home for the last week.”
Daven’s eyes widened and Kian stepped closer.
“Don’t worry,” Kian said.  “I’m your assassin.  No one else is allowed to kill you, Daven Noland.”
Kian squeezed Daven’s shoulder and then crossed the grass patch between the properties to his driveway.
The couple who owned the ranch house had won a three-week getaway to a luxurious hotel in Waikiki, Hawaii.  They hadn’t stopped to wonder which one of them entered the draw.  Kian smiled as he reached the ranch house’s front door.
Kian glanced back at Daven and frowned when he saw the man still standing on the end of the driveway, staring at him.  He gave Daven a small nod and entered his borrowed house.
Now, to get through time in Suburbia.
Kian groaned and dropped into an overstuffed couch.  He hated remaining stagnant.  Hated the possibility of Yui finding him, again.  After what he had done at the mall, she would not be gentle with him.
***
An assassin next door, Daven scowled.
The last three months came to mind, and he bit his lower lip.  The idea was not over reaching.  The devious Musimbi had clout.  Strong, unbreakable clout that could plant an assassin next door, in California.
Daven cursed his need to see Naomi and the kids.  He had thought no one would notice him here.  He should have gone underground until his obligations with OPT ended as he had been advised.
Daven gave up the walk, and headed back to the house.
“Who was that man?” Naomi asked, when Daven entered the house.
“Your new neighbor,” Daven said, keeping his tone light.  “Did the couple who used to live there sell?”
Naomi frowned, then snapped her fingers with a small smile.
“Oh yeah, like two days after you showed up, the Jacobsons left on a surprise holiday.  Imagine, they won a three-week holiday to Hawaii.  How cool is that?  Before they left, they came by and asked me to help out the house-sitter if he needed anything.  He seems nice.”
Nice was not a word to describe this Kian.  Daven remembered the scene at the mall and felt his blood pressure rising.
“I’ll be upstairs,” Daven said, heading to the stairs.
He needed to make a call.
“Well, I’m in the den.  The kids are watching TV in the living room,” Naomi said.  Her gaze followed him.  She worried, but he could only smile at her.  “Daven.”
He paused half-way up the stairs to look at her.
“Today was great,” Naomi said, giving him a bright smile.
“For me too,” he answered.
Up until the end, he thought, when the crazy appeared in the form of a deadly handsome Japanese man.
Naomi nodded and headed to the den leaving Daven to his grim thoughts.
Upstairs, Daven went in search of the black bag he had stashed in the closet on arrival.  He found Naomi had left it on the shelf, untouched.  She had simply arranged his new clothes around it.  Daven took the bag to the bed.  He unzipped a hidden side pocket and retrieved a burner phone.
Sitting on the foot of the bed, Daven turned on the small phone.  One minute later, he speed dialed the only number in the contact list.
“Are you safe?”
“I’m alive,” Daven answered.
“Why do you call?”
“Bizarre incident that left two men dead in a mall, and a man who claims to be my assassin living next door.”
“That is not good.  Can you leave?”
“My family—
“Fuck, Noland, have I taught you nothing?”
“You told me to go where they would least expect me to be.  Not many know about my ex-sister in-law.”
“Why aren’t you dead?”
The question was cold.  Daven shivered at the implication.
“I don’t know,” Daven said.
Judging Kian’s skills in the bathroom at the mall, Daven had no chance against the man.
“The assassin introduced himself, said I didn’t have to worry.  I called because that sounds insane.  You promised to keep my family safe.  I’m already risking so much.”
“Do find out more from the friendly assassin, try not to piss him off.  Call me tomorrow, same time.  I’ll have answers.”
The call ended and Daven threw the phone on the bed.  He wiped a hand down his face and got up.  Walking to the windows on his left, he opened the curtains and stared at the ranch house next door.
***
Daven Noland would seek him out.  Of that, Kian was very sure.  Daven’s brand of noble loyalty would force him to Kian’s door.  Kian leaned his elbows on the kitchen table, his gaze on the handsome face in the laptop screen.
Daven Noland was hot merchandise.  His worth: 2.5 million Sterling Pounds.  Cause of death classified: Mandatory Ambiguous.  Any hint of foul play and the client voided the pay load.  If Daven set foot in the ICC, the payload was void.
Kian scrolled down to the security level.
Kian gave a short whistle.
Yui wasn’t joking when she said highly-classified.  The contract was open to Tier 1 operatives.  Raja Securities ran seven top tier operatives, plus one silent operative.
Seven, Kian thought.
That left three operatives in play, now that he had decommissioned four.  Three deadly assassins who would come looking for the gorgeous man with dreads next door.
Great.
Kian frowned.  He should cut his losses here.  Daven knew he was in danger.  The man could go to the authorities, or call in the people he was reporting to.  Still…Kian closed the laptop and reached for the bottle of expensive Bacardi on the kitchen table. 
The Jacobsons loved to drink.  One of them had to have a serious drinking problem.  Kian had discovered a stash of serious liquor bottles in the cupboard above the kitchen sink.
Taking the laptop to the kitchen sink, Kian doused the laptop in Bacardi.  He struck a match and dropped it on the laptop.  Fire ignited, immediate and hot, tipping the bottle to his lips, he drank a healthy gulp and watched the laptop burn.
Two more fiery sips and he poured the rest on the laptop increasing the intensity of the flames.  The fire burned out and Kian turned on the water to help.  There would be no tracking his access point now.
Kian threw the blackened mess in to a garbage bag.  Washing the sink, he emptied the Bacardi bottle and put it in the garbage bag too.  He was wiping down the kitchen counter when he heard footsteps behind the house.
Heavy steps trying to be stealthy, they came around to the mud room, which also served as the laundry room.  The screen door opened and closed.  Kian finished wiping the counter, and threw the wet napkins into the black trash bag on the floor.
“Who sent you?” Daven asked behind him, then a click.
Kian smiled.
“Put the gun away.”  Kian turned to find Daven pointing a small revolver at him.  “You’re going to hurt yourself.”
“The only person who’ll get hurt is you,” Daven said, his gaze hard, green eyes burning with rage.
Kian liked the fire in Daven’s eyes.  However, the green fiery gaze, as handsome as it was, presented danger in the form of unpredicted behavior.  Daven’s grip on the gun was sloppy, his hand shaky.  His aim would be iffy, but the damage would be painful.  Kian didn’t need painful wounds.
Better to take it slow with this one.
“Alright.”  Kian leaned on the counter and folded his arms against his chest.  “What do you want to do with that gun?”
“I want answers.”  Daven looked around the kitchen with a frown.  “Why are you here?  Who sent you?”
Kian smiled again.
“I told you.  I saved you.  Second question, curiosity sent me.”
“Not good enough,” Daven said, his gaze rebelling against Kian’s answer.  “What did you mean by, ‘you’re my assassin’?”
“I don’t understand.”
Kian stared at Daven.
Had he not been clear?
“Who sent you to kill me?”
“The person who ordered the kill is not in the records,” Kian said.  “You are worth a cool 2.5 million sterling pounds.  You’re the second most expensive contract I’ve had.”
Daven’s green eyes filled with panic, again, and Kian wondered if he shouldn’t have mentioned the money part.  Daven’s hand got shaky and Kian straightened.  One mistake and Daven’s finger would press on the trigger.
Kian sighed, he needed to get the gun away from Daven.
“2.5—”
Daven stopped and closed his eyes.
“Why aren’t I dead?”
“I saved you,” Kian repeated.
“Yes, I got that.  Why?” Daven asked, his voice rising with frustration.
The more agitated Daven got, the shakier his hand got.
Kian had yet to figure out why he saved Daven, so he shrugged.
“Seemed like a good idea, at the time.”
Daven gaped.
Kian’s answer made him falter, distracting him from his line of questioning.  His hand waved in the air, the gun shifting from side to side.
Kian did not want any bullet wounds especially with the top three on the way.  Taking advantage of Daven’s momentary panic, he closed the distance between them, his fingers wrapping around Daven’s thick wrist.  Kian lifted Daven’s right arm up to avoid any unplanned bullets and smoothly took the gun from Daven.
Kian stepped back and held the gun up, the hellfire end facing down and smiled at Daven.
“Don’t point a gun if you’re not going to use it,” Kian said.  “Otherwise, it will be used against you.”
Daven’s gaze remained on the gun, fear clear on his handsome features.
Kian removed the bullets from the chamber, put them in his pocket and placed the gun on the kitchen table.
“You’re safe with me, Dr. Noland.  Please, have a seat,” Kian said, indicating the chair he had vacated minutes ago.  “We have a lot to discuss.”
Daven scoffed.
“Why would I accept an invitation like that from a man who has confessed to wanting to kill me?”
“I’ve also confessed to saving you.  Shouldn’t that count?”
Daven shook his head.
“I should call the police—”
“But you won’t,” Kian cut in, heading back to the kitchen sink.  He took the clean coffee pot and half-filled it with water.  “Coffee?  I have a delicious Arabica Dark Roast.  The scent alone will make you melt.”
“I don’t want to talk about coffee.”
The outburst was understandable, Kian thought, reaching for his precious can of coffee.  Setting up the expensive coffee maker the Jacobsons owned, he measured the right amount for two cups and sealed the can tight.  He busied himself with getting two mugs from the cupboard, watching Daven in the corner of his eye.
Daven paced for a moment, his hands at his waist, his gaze going to the gun that was now harmless.  When Daven glanced at him, Kian focused on checking the coffee maker.  Minutes passed and he was rewarded with two fresh cups of delicious dark roast.  He smiled and turned to look at Daven.
“Sugar?” Kian asked, already sipping from his mug.
He never messed with the raw taste of coffee, much preferring the full-body taste, the smoky finish, and the caffeine kick racing through his system.  He closed his eyes with a soft sigh.
“Have you not drank coffee before?” Daven asked, his voice full of marvel.
Kian opened his eyes and looked at Daven.  His gorgeous mark was sitting down at the kitchen table, looking disgruntled and impatient.  Kian smiled and took the second mug to Daven.
“I love coffee,” Kian said, unable to hide the pleasure of it as he sat across Daven.
Daven added a spoon of sugar into his mug, then placed the spoon on a napkin on the table.  He sat staring at the coffee for a second.
“It’s not poisoned,” Kian offered with a grin.
“You’re fucked up,” Daven said, looking at Kian.  “Talking about poison, assassinations, murder…what you did at the mall…that’s not normal.”
“For you,” Kian said, sipping his coffee.
Daven sighed and sat back in his chair, not touching the coffee.
“What do you want to talk about?” Daven asked, his gaze full of mistrust, a tinge of disbelief about the whole situation.
Kian studied Daven.
Then because he needed to make a decision, he crossed his arms against his chest and dropped the façade.
Daven sat up with a harsh inhale, his gaze more wary than before, fear growing in green eyes.
“What did you see at the Medical Camp in Dadaab?”
“How do you know about that?”
“My employer is thorough,” Kian answered.  “The only information I don’t have is who wants you dead and the real why.  There is a detailed list on how you should die and by when, and what should kill you, but no who, or why.  Care to fill me in?”
“How can I trust you?” Daven asked, clearly not willing to give Kian the answers he wanted.
“You are alive.” Kian lifted his left brow.  “That should be enough to earn trust points.”
“How do I know if I tell you the truth, you won’t kill me anyway?”
“Even I don’t know the answer to that question,” Kian answered.
The reasons why Daven had to stay alive were dwindling.  Kian didn’t like trouble, and fucking with an ongoing assignment would send trouble pouring out of the sky.  This, here, him sitting across Daven…he didn’t understand it himself.
Daven exhaled.
“Have you heard of the Russian Roulette?” Kian asked.
Daven stared at him for a full minute, then nodded.
“Have you played it?” Kian asked.
Daven shook his head, no.
***
“Pity,” Kian said, his tone cold.
Daven gaped when Kian picked up the gun on the table.
Kian’s gaze was cold: brown and ice-cold.  It chilled his blood. He rather wished for the man who had playfully offered him coffee.  Had he met this Kian at the mall, he truly might have ran to the nearest police station.
“It is a deadly game of chance,” Kian said.  “Were I to load one bullet, you would have one in six chances that I might shoot you.  How do you like those odds?”
Daven swallowed hard, his palms getting sweaty.
“Ah, you should know,” Kian continued.  “When I point a gun, Dr. Noland, I mean business.”
“You said I was safe with you,” Daven said, forcing his voice to remain calm.
“Yes, and I mean that too,” Kian said.  “However, I must calculate the risks of staying close to you.”
“And you think me telling you the truth about what happened in Dadaab will help this situation?”
“Yes,” Kian said.
Kian reached into his pocket and got one bullet.  He loaded the bullet into the cylinder, spun it, and clicked it back into place.
Kian pointed the gun at Daven and pulled the trigger.
Daven sat frozen in his seat at the click that filled the room.
Kian smirked.
Daven got up too fast, tipping his chair to the floor in a scramble to get away from Kian.  His back against the kitchen wall stopped his progress, his gaze on Kian who sat quite calm in his chair.
Kian placed the gun on the table.
“Relax.  I’m done proving my point.”
“That you have no conscience?” Daven asked, trembling despite his best efforts to remain calm.  His mouth tasted bitter, fear gripped his lungs.
Kian crossed his arms against his chest.
“I will only tell you the truth,” Kian said.  “You are marked for death, Dr. Noland.  The organization I work for creates mercenaries.  Efficient masters in the trade who leave nothing to chance.”
Daven didn’t move or acknowledge Kian’s comment.  His gaze remained on the gun on the table.
Kian had actually pulled the trigger.
“Me, sitting here, talking to you,” Kian continued, his words important, but frightening to Daven.  “Consider it your first shot in the game.  Nod if you understand me, Doctor.”
Daven dragged his gaze away from the gun to Kian.  The Asian man at the table threatening him looked too handsome to be this cruel.  Kian hadn’t flinched when he pulled the trigger, not one flinch at the click of the gun.
“Dr. Noland.”
Daven blinked.
“Do you understand?” Kian asked again.
“Yes.”
“When I ask for information, give it,” Kian said, his gaze dark, threatening.  “There are three men plotting the best way to murder you in your sleep.  Unfortunately for you, they are quite good at their job.  If you want to live, decide what path to take now.”
Daven breathed out his fear.
He needed to take hold of the situation if he was to survive.  He thought of the months in Dadaab.  Musimbi and his gang of merry men, how cruel they were to helpless villages.  He had no doubt now that Musimbi was the reason Kian sat in that chair.
If so, perhaps—
Daven took in a deep breath and plunged.
“Your pep talk is frightening.”
“I don’t give pep talks,” Kian answered.  “What did you see in Daadab?”
Daven swallowed hard, his gaze returning to the gun on the table.
“I won’t tell you,” Daven said, meeting Kian’s frightening gaze.
There were innocents depending on him, their lives more precious than his own.
Kian sat unmoving, his gaze hard to read.
Daven wondered if the man would attempt to shoot him again.  He hoped not.  Two minutes passed, then three…Kian still sat unmoving.
Daven started to worry he had pushed the limit, then Kian let a soft sigh escape.
“Going blind might be a fun option.”  Kian glanced at the time on his wrist watch.  “It will be easier to walk away if I don’t know the truth.”
“Will you help me?”
Kian chuckled and leaned his elbows on the table.
“I’ve confessed to being an assassin hired to end you.  You’ve gone and refused to tell me why I was hired to kill you.  Now you ask me to help you.  Are you insane?”
“A little,” Daven said, hope blooming.  “You said you saved me three times.  Why not a few more?”
“Because—”
Kian stopped, stood fast and moved to the closest wall.
The lights went out.
Daven blinked in the darkness a few times, then saw Kian’s shadow move to the mud room.  Daven didn’t hear the door open or close, he stood frozen against the kitchen wall for a full minute.
A frightened scream filled the air, jolting Daven into action.  He raced after Kian.  His heart in his mouth, bile on the tip of his tongue, he ran to Naomi’s house, jumping over the short hedge that separated the properties.  He climbed two short steps to the side door, entered into a corridor and stopped short when he saw two men dressed in black from head to bottom run into the living room.  Kian followed them, his speed prompting Daven out of his own frozen state.  He raced after Kian, only to stop at the archway into the living room.  One man was on the floor, a blood stain forming on Naomi’s cream carpet.
The other—
Daven gaped.
Kian had him in a chokehold on the floor, his arms tight around the man’s neck, unrelenting.  The intruder scratched at Kian’s arms, then the fight went out of him and he stopped moving.  Kian pushed the man off him and got to his feet.  In the next minute, he was busy searching the two men’s pockets.
“They're alive, just passed out.  Find your sister in-law,” Kian said.
Daven felt cold fill him at the sight of the men on Naomi’s living room floor.  He had brought this here.  Brought violence into a house Naomi considered a sanctuary for her children.  Nausea rose and he bent over, gagging.
“Keep it together, doctor,” Kian said, in a steady voice.
He worked steadily, amassing a small arsenal of weapons from the intruders.
“Go find the woman.  I frightened her.”
Daven gasped, turned and raced up the stairs.  He found Naomi crouched behind a small table, her arms wrapped around her.  She was trembling in fear.  Daven rushed to her, and pulled her into a big hug.
“Naomi,” Daven said, rubbing her back.  “You’re safe.”
“Daven.”  Naomi’s voice shook with fear.  “We need to call nine-one-one.  Thieves broke in—”
“Oh, Naomi, I’m so sorry,” Daven said in a soft whisper.
“Why are you apologizing?” Naomi asked, gripping his shoulders.  “I’m so happy that you’re here.  If you weren’t, I’d be crazy with fear.”
“I—,”
Daven broke off, guilt riding him hard.  Naomi trembled in his arms.
“Why don’t we get you off the floor?”
“I need to check on the kids,” Naomi said, standing up when Daven urged her up.  “God, my babies sleep here, Daven.  I can’t believe thieves broke in to our home.”
Daven frowned when he heard sirens.  Looking behind him, he expected to see Kian at the landing, but there was no one.
“Hear the sirens?” Daven assured Naomi.  “It’s taken care of.”
“By whom—?”
Naomi gasped and latched on to Daven’s arms, her gaze wide with fear.
Daven turned to see Kian standing a few feet away.
“The police are on the way,” Kian said.  “She needs to talk to them.  Will she be alright to do that?”
“Who are you?” Naomi asked, her voice shaky, but strong.
“New next-door neighbor,” Kian replied.
Daven wrapped an arm around Naomi’s shoulders.
“Let’s go downstairs.  All this talking will wake the kids.”
“But—”
“They haven’t come out of their room,” Daven said, keeping his voice down.  “Zena is too curious.  She would have come out by now if she was awake.”
Naomi shook her head and slipped out of Daven’s arms.
“I need to know my babies are fine.”
She hurried two doors down the corridor and pushed open the children’s bedroom door.  She entered their room and Daven turned to Kian.
“I thought you told me not to call the police?” Daven asked.
“That was then,” Kian said.  “Now, this is the easiest way to keep your sister in-law safe.”
Kian pulled off black gloves Daven hadn’t seen him wear, and ran fingers through his hair mussing it up.  He pushed the gloves into his jeans pocket and walked up to Daven.  One moment, Daven stared into unreadable brown eyes, the next, Kian leaned up and locked their lips in a startling kiss.
Daven stood stock still caught between surprise and shock at the feel of Kian’s lips covering his.  A burning heat raced down his spine when Kian sucked on his lower lip.  Daven reached up to push Kian away, only to hold Kian in place.  Then Kian ended the kiss as abruptly as it started, moving his lips to Daven’s neck.  He sucked hard, making Daven groan, his cock hardening in an instant.
Naomi’s embarrassed cough behind him pulled him out of the lustful haze.
Kian stepped away, and gave him a small smile.
“To be continued,” Kian murmured, loud enough for Naomi to hear and headed downstairs.
Naomi raced up to take Daven’s arm, her apprehension momentarily gone.  She grinned at him.
“You’re a fast worker,” she said, excited.  “The house-sitter next door is hot.  I see why you couldn’t keep your hands off him.”
Daven winced realizing what Kian had done.
When they got downstairs, Naomi clung to him when they met the two intruders now hog-tied with cords from the living room curtains.  They were still passed out.  Kian opened the door, to reveal two police officers.
“Now you get here.”  Kian greeted them, his tone tinged with just the right amount of annoyance and relief.  “Where were you a few minutes ago when the bastards broke in?”
“Sir, I’ll ask you to please calm down.  Is anyone hurt?”
“Yes,” Kian said, stepping back as the police officers walked in.  “The thieves.  We caught them ourselves.”
“Is this your house, sir?”
“The house is mine,” Naomi said, taking up Kian’s argument.  “And he is right.  If it weren’t for Daven and his boyfriend, I’d be robbed blind by now, probably murdered in my sleep.”
Kian seemed to fade into the background after that as Naomi took over recounting her encounter with the two thugs.  Daven kept seeking out Kian who stood by the fireplace, still, not offering any information.  Having established his reasons for being in the house, no one bothered to ask him questions.  The police officers called in reinforcements, the intruders were carried out of the house, unceremoniously.
Daven, and Naomi answered questions, and once it was established nothing was stolen, the police left.
“That was tiring,” Naomi said, closing the front door.  “It’s almost three in the morning.  Who wants a cup of coffee?”
“I do,” Kian said, already heading to the kitchen.
Naomi gave Daven a wink.
“I’ll go check on the kids.  Why don’t you guys make the coffee?  I’ll be right down.”
Daven sighed when she hurried up the stairs.  Her heart so clear in her actions.  Naomi was eager to have him tied up in Silver Close.  If he fell in love with the next door neighbor, the better for her.  He would find a reason to stay with her.  Looking around the messy living room, Daven wondered what she would say when she discovered he was the reason those men had violated her home.
“Come on, Daven,” Kian called from the kitchen.  “You look like you could use caffeine.”
Daven scowled at Kian, then glanced up at the staircase landing.  Naomi was still with the kids.  He hurried to the kitchen.
“Stop making so much noise.  The children,” Daven admonished taking a seat at the kitchen table.
“Are still sleeping.  Have been through the whole incident,” Kian said, opening and closing cupboards in search of mugs.  He smiled when he found them and got three mugs.  Glancing at Daven, he sighed.  “You’re not happy with me.”
Daven scowled at him.
“My sister in-law and half a dozen police men think you’re my boyfriend.”
“Would you rather I told them I’m your assassin?”
“Shush.”
Daven glanced to the kitchen door, afraid of Naomi walking in right then.
Kian shrugged.
“Go with it, Daven.  I rather liked kissing you.  We would be good together.”
“Then what?” Daven scoffed.  “You’d kill me in my sleep?”
Kian brought him a mug of coffee.
“Drink it, Daven.  Your blood sugar is down.  That has to explain your dead sense of humor.”
“This is no laughing matter.”
Kian took his own mug and leaned on the counter.
“Naomi is on her way downstairs.  Sell my story, Daven.  This is the best for her.  In a few hours, you are going to break her heart when you leave this house.”
***

Four

Daven wanted to hate Kian.  He really did.  The man had pointed a gun at him, and pulled the trigger without a flinch.  So, why did he now smile so handsomely at Naomi, and listen to her with such attention. 
“Your house is beautiful.”  Kian told Naomi.  “You must have spent a lot of time on it.”
Naomi’s gaze brightened, looking around the kitchen with pride.
“I wanted to make it as comfortable as I could, but you still have to have style even in comfort.”
“You got style,” Kian said.
“How long are you sitting the Jacobson house?” Naomi asked.
“Was supposed to be two weeks, but I got a call back yesterday from this job I applied for in Atlanta.”
“Oh, that’s too bad.”  Naomi glanced at Daven, her disappointment clear.  “Will you come back?”
“If I get the job, no,” Kian said, sipping his coffee.
“Well.”  Naomi sighed and sat back in her chair.  “You gotta do what you need to make a living.  I understand that.”
Daven looked at Kian and blinked when Kian winked at him.  It was too hard to judge Kian.  Lies came easily to the man: he smiled, winked and charmed his way out of every situation.
Kian placed his mug in the sink.
“I’m tired after all the fun tonight,” Kian said.  “I’ll leave you to it and head to my bed.”
Naomi got up and stopped Kian when he started to walk past her.  She pulled him into a hug and Kian tensed in reaction.  He stood frozen, his arms stiff at his sides as Naomi hugged him tighter.
“Thank you so much for tonight.  Because of you and Daven, those men didn’t touch my babies.  If you ever need anything, anything at all—”
“I don’t need anything,” Kian said, stepping out of her hug, his expression almost frightened.
Daven chuckled at Kian’s obvious discomfort.
Kian scowled at him.
“I really should go now.”
“Of course.  Good night,” Naomi said, watching Kian hurry out the kitchen to the corridor beyond.
Naomi went to the sink and rinsed out her mug and Kian’s.
“Why my house?” Naomi wondered, placing the mugs on a rack when they heard the front door close.  “I’ve never thought I would worry about gangsters breaking into my house, Daven.  Not in this neighborhood.  Should we move?”
Daven stared into his coffee, guilt riding him.  Here he was faulting Kian for his lies.  Turns out, the truth was hard to tell.  He needed to confess to Naomi that he was the reason why her home was violated.  It would place her in more distress, and he hated that, but then if he left and the worst happened to him—
“Naomi.”
He met her gaze when she turned to face him clutching a dish cloth.
“I can’t stay here any longer,” Daven said.  “Those men weren’t coming to rob you, they were looking for me.”
“Why?” Naomi asked, after a full minute of silence.
Daven pushed his coffee mug away.
“Remember when I told you I have one thing to finish?”
“What is it?  Why would people come looking for you here because of it?” Naomi demanded.
She was no weak woman.  She was facing this head on, ready to find a solution.
“Telling you puts you in more danger,” Daven said.  “Once I leave, no one will break into your house.  You don’t need to move, Naomi.  You and the kids will be safe.”
Naomi placed the dish cloth on the counter.  She let out a short breath and turned away from him, bracing her hands on the counter, her shoulders tense.
“Naomi.”
Daven stood up.
“Don’t,” Naomi said, her voice thick with tears.  “It’s always like this with you.  Two years ago, foreigners suffering in war torn countries were more important.  I begged you to stay then, you refused.”
She shook her head.
“You came back here after months of spotty messages looking the worst you could.  I took you in because you’re important to me and my kids.  Now, you say you have to leave, again.”
Naomi scoffed and slapped the counter.
“Enough of this, whatever they are, leave the problems to other people, Daven.  Stay here with me, Zena and Aram.”
“You’re angry.”
“Of course, I’m angry.”  Naomi turned to face him.  “Watching you leave is not easy, Daven.  I must have brought down a nation in my previous life to be punished like this.  All I’ve done this lifetime is worry about the Nolan brothers.  First your brother, now you.”
Daven crossed the short distance between them and gripped her shoulders.  He pulled her into his chest, wrapping her in a tight hug.  He closed his eyes when she held him tight, burying her face into his chest.
“If I start breaking cups and plates, will you change your mind about leaving?” Naomi asked.
Daven pressed a kiss on top of her head.
“You’ll be even angrier with me for making you break the precious utensils you’ve collected.  How about, I promise to come back here when I'm done and be domesticated.  I’ll even find a boyfriend.”
“You’re certainly going to miss out on the hottie next door,” Naomi said, her voice full of tears.  “I think he would stay if you asked.  Oakland is not a bad city, Daven.  I have a friend who can help Kian find a job here.  You seem to like him...”
Yep, that was Naomi.  She would make sure Kian found the right job to keep him in Oakland, CA.  If this were normal circumstances, but they weren’t.
And Kian was definitely not a harmless hottie next door.
“Stop, Naomi.  Don’t be sad,” Daven begged when she sniffled.  “Otherwise, it will be hard for me to leave you, Zena and Aram.  Hmm…you give me strength to keep going out there, you know.”
“The kids will miss you,” Naomi said.  “They really will.  You slept the whole time and didn’t get to take them out.  They won’t be happy about you leaving so soon.”
“You can have them write a list of all the things they want to do.  We can go do them after I come back.”
“And if you break your promise?” Naomi asked.
Daven frowned.  He certainly hoped to keep his promises, but in case anything went wrong—
He squelched that thought.
“I promise I will come back, Naomi,” Daven said, meaning it.
***
Kian stood in the backyard looking into the lighted Noland kitchen.  The relationship between Daven and Naomi fascinated him.  Daven held Naomi tight, as though he were trying to infuse Naomi with his strength.  She was a short woman, barely reaching Daven’s shoulders.  Their affection tangible, she trusted Daven.
Kian frowned listening to Daven’s promises.  Daven’s odds were at zero percent, he was in no position to be making promises.
Shaking his head, Kian turned away from the cozy scene and headed around the house to the front lawn.  A police car drove by slowly, heading to the next street.  The police had increased patrol in the estate.  Kian studied the left side of the street.  The cars packed in the driveways along Naomi’s side were the same number.  He turned to the right, and counted, there were supposed to be four cars.  There were five.
Three properties down, a new black car parked on the driveway.  It hadn’t been there when the police were taking away the two operatives.  Nor any other time this past week.
Kian stood in the shadows staring at that car for a full minute, then made a decision.  He walked to the front steps of the Noland house.  Pushing his hair back, he stood under the security light and looked up into the sky.
***
Yui hissed when Kian’s face filled the screens in the Raja Securities control room.  Kian was in place.  Right where his grandfather wanted him.  Her smile was flitting.
This was the first time Kian was showing his face to the organization in four years.  She had pulled all his records after the Seoul Incident.  He had been a good boy and kept hidden.  The operatives around the room worked fast to identify Kian, but they got nothing.  His record was non-existent.
The silent operative in Tier 1, known only to her and Seiko Raja.
“What’s the play?” the seventh operative asked through his comms.
“Fall back tonight, your operation continues in the morning,” Yui ordered.  “Daven Noland cannot live.”
“And the man protecting him?”
“Deal with it,” Yui said.
If Seiko Raja heard her, he would have her killed for the reckless order.  However, placing Kian in danger pulled him out of hiding and into the open.  She hoped it would push Kian into returning to Tokyo to meet his grandfather.
“Don’t hold back,” Yui warned the operative.  “He won’t.”
***
In the morning, at around nine o’clock, Zena and Aram came running downstairs, dressed in jeans and t-shirts.  They found Daven in the kitchen, an apron tied around his hips, busy making strawberry pancakes.
“Good morning, Princess,” Daven greeted, Zena.
He placed his spatula on a plate and wiped his hands on a clean cloth.  Leaning down, he kissed Zena's cheek, then lifted Aram and settled him in his chair at the kitchen table.
“Ready for breakfast, little man?”
“Ready!” Zena answered, sitting beside her brother.  “Mommy is taking us swimming.”
“Is she?” Daven glanced at Naomi who stood watching them at the kitchen entrance.
She looked composed.  Beautiful, in a sleeveless white silk top and jeans.
He grinned at her and picked up the maple syrup, waving it.
“Do you think Mommy wants pancakes this morning?” Daven asked Zena.
“I want mine first,” Zena said.
Daven chuckled and winked at Naomi.
“Best take care of the Princess first then, Mommy can wait.”
“You have to make them extra special for Mommy,” Aram said.
“Is that so?” Daven picked up his spatula and moved to the cooking range.
“Yes, Mommy says, the person who gets their food last gets extra special treatment.  So, we’re letting her have pancakes last,” Zena explained.  “Because she’s taking us swimming.”
“Mommy is awesome.”  Aram seconded his sister.
Daven glanced at Naomi to find her smiling.  There was nothing like fresh innocence to lighten the mood.  Breakfast was fun.  The pancakes delicious.  Aram chewed the insides and pushed the ends of the pancakes to the table.  Daven marveled at how Aram managed to get maple syrup all over his cheeks and t-shirt.
Naomi drank coffee, responding to Zena and Aram’s many questions.  When breakfast was over, she cleaned up Aram and urged Zena to take him upstairs to change his t-shirt.
Daven took the plates from the table and cleaned them out at the sink.  He was rinsing them when Naomi finally spoke.
“Will you be here when we get back?” she asked.
He turned to find her wiping the kitchen table.  Her head bent down.
“No.  I will call though, tell you when I’ve reached New York.”
Naomi nodded and threw the paper towel she was using into the trash bag.
“Okay, good.”
Naomi flashed him a smile that didn’t reach her eyes.
Daven finished washing the dishes and wiped the counter clean.  He tied up the trash bag and removed his apron.  Hanging it on the hook just as Naomi had done the morning before.
Zena and Aram came racing into the kitchen eager to leave.  Naomi herded them back to the living room, where Daven discovered her packed swimming bag and handbag on the coffee table.
Daven picked up Aram, tickling him as he raced outside to Naomi’s SUV.  He opened the back passenger door and buckled Aram in.  Zena slid in next to her brother, favoring Daven with a toothless smile, when she was settled.
“Okay, kids, give Uncle Daven kisses,” Naomi said, sliding into the driver’s seat.
“And hugs,” Daven said, leaning into blow bubbles on Aram’s neck, making him laugh.
 Daven leaned over and Zena gave him a tight hug, raining kisses on his jaw, and his lips.  She let go, and he helped buckle her seat belt.
Daven swallowed down a lump in his throat as he closed the back passenger door, and stepped up to Naomi’s side.
“I’ll call you,” Daven said.  “If you run into more trouble…”
“I know how to reach you,” Naomi said.  “The same for you.  Don’t let a stranger come here to tell me about you.”
Daven nodded.
Naomi started the car, and he leaned in and pressed a kiss on her cheek.
“Be safe, Daven,” Naomi said, finally looking at him.  Her eyes wet with tears.
She backed out of the drive a minute later, and took off leaving him alone.
Daven went back into the house, with new determination.  No more goodbyes for either of them.  The faster he finished his obligations the better.  
Daven hurried upstairs to pack.  He came back down twenty minutes later after a shower, carrying the black duffel bag he came with on his shoulder and his passport in hand.  He paused in the living room when the scent of fried eggs filled his senses.  Dropping his duffel bag in an armchair, Daven detoured to the kitchen.
Daven paused at the entrance when he found Kian placing a plate of fried eggs on the kitchen table.
“I’m starving,” Kian said.  “Naomi is the best, she must stock up on groceries every day.  Ready to go?”
Daven held up his passport.
“The ticket is printing as we speak.”
“Hmm…” Kian sat down and dug into fried eggs and toast.
“Are you coming along?” Daven asked.  “We never finished our conversation.”
“Didn’t think we needed to,” Kian answered.  “I’m guessing you are not headed to New York like you told Naomi.”
“No.”
“The Hague then,” Kian sighed.  “Can’t you give in, and not testify?  Life will be easier.”
“Can’t do that.”
“You’re frustrating,” Kian said, and continued eating.  “Naomi will shed buckets because of you.”
“Don’t do that,” Daven snapped.
“What?”
“Talk about my family as though you know us.”
Kian shrugged and finished eating.  He ate fast, like a man on the run.
Military style, Daven thought.
Kian drank his coffee as quickly as he ate.  He got up with a burp and washed his dishes, placing them on the rack neatly.
“Good to go,” Kian said, lifting a bag Daven hadn’t seen from the floor.  “I took the trash out, by the way.”
“Thanks.”
Daven returned to the living room, going to a printer resting on a short stool in the corner.  He took the paper on the tray that would serve as his ticket for check-in.  He folded it and placed it in his passport.
“Do you have a passport?” Daven asked.
“Yes.”  Kian smiled.  “I can even pay for my ticket.”
“Couldn’t have guessed it,” Daven said, taking in Kian’s rugged jeans and the dark t-shirt that looked as old as time.
Kian ignored that comment and led the way to the front door.
***
“You should have let me choose a car,” Kian said, when they were on the road for about ten minutes.
Daven was driving a black Mercedes from Naomi’s garage.  Kian sat in the passenger seat.  His duffel bag at his feet.  Daven tapped his fingers along to music on the radio.
Daven glanced at him.
“Do you own a car?”
“No.”
“I own this one.  Naomi maintains it for me.”
However nice that was, Kian preferred manual transmission vehicles.  No nasty surprises with them, only the joy of the ride.  Kian tagged the cap he wore lower on his face and settled in for the smooth ride anyway.  He closed his eyes for a nap.  He hadn’t slept one wink since officially meeting Daven.
Daven changed lanes on the highway.
Kian loved the feel of the expensive engine finally opening up, as it picked up speed.  The ride to the airport was twenty minutes, with this baby, it would take less than that.  The car was still increasing speed.  He frowned and opened one eye.
Daven held the steering wheel with both hands, a frown dancing on his forehead.  His right foot pressed the brake pedal over and over, the speed still increased.
Kian sat up.
“I don’t know what’s wrong,” Daven said, staring at the navigation instruments on his dashboard.  “Naomi promised the car was fully functional.  She took it for maintenance last week.”
Kian reached up to adjust the rear view mirror.
“Hey.”
Kian ignored Daven.  The cars behind them were few, but among them, a motorcycle with one rider kept up with their growing speed.
Kian tried to open his window, pressing the button on his passenger door hard.  Nothing happened.  He tried to unlock the door, and it refused to disengage.
“This is why you should have let me choose the car.”
Kian righted the rearview mirror, and unbuckled Daven’s seat belt.
“Time to exchange.”
“Are you crazy?” Daven scowled at him, his foot pumping the brakes with no response.  “We are almost at a hundred miles per hour.”
“Yes, but you’re not really driving, are you?” Kian pointed to the speedometer.  “That is growing steadily without your help.”
Daven panicked, eyes wide, his grip on the steering wheel tightening in horror.
“Move, Doctor,” Kian ordered, his tone brooked no argument.
It was a struggle to change seats, and Daven ended up with a knocked knee and Kian’s elbow smashing into his forehead.  Kian paid no mind to his aches.  The speedometer was at one-fifty.  The only thing he could control was steering.
So, he focused on that.
“Buckle up,” Kian said to Daven, keeping the car steady on the fast lane.
There was no car close, so Kian assumed the agenda here was to crash them into a bridge column, or start a pile up.  The best option to start such a travesty would be at an exit.  Investigators would rule it driver-error.  The police would say Daven was joyriding his Mercedes, or driving intoxicated.
Kian frowned, trying the brakes anyway, nothing happened.  The seventh operative was good.  He must have done this last night.  While Kian was occupied with the two in the house, this must have been what the bastard was up to.  Upgrading the car’s navigation software to his own ends.
Fucking elite engines, Kian swerved into another lane to avoid a car on the fast lane.  He weaved from lane to lane, his gaze on the motorcycle behind them.
The rider worked to keep up.  He needed to stay close to make whatever he was using work.
Kian smiled and focused on creating distance between them.  For a full two minutes, they drove at breakneck speed.  Kian weaved lanes, fast, forcing Daven to grip the handle over the passenger door tight.
Kian glanced into the rear view mirror and almost felt elated when he couldn’t see the motorcycle.  Taking an empty lane, he slammed his foot on the brake, hoping, hoping…the needle on the speedometer dropped, and he pressed down on the brake forcing their speed lower to a hundred miles per hour.
Still too fast.
Kian hit the master lock, unlocking doors.  The motorcycle appeared behind them, and their speed rose.
The doors remained unlocked.
Small relief, the operative was too focused on killing them in a crash.
Kian hissed as he scraped the back light of a sedan as he changed lanes.  The owner of the car honked his displeasure, but Kian was already too far ahead.
***
Daven gripped the handle above him tight, his heart pounding.  They were driving too fast.  Kian missed another car with a hairsbreadth, jerking into an empty lane.  The relief was short-lived, as multiple cars filled the road from a merging lane.
Daven fought the urge to scream, and instead focused on Kian’s steady hands on the steering wheel.  Looking at Kian’s face, he noted no sweat, no panic, only extreme calm and concentration.  Kian’s hands moved as though he was out driving on a lazy Sunday morning.  Daven's gaze went to the speedometer, and anxiety rose as the needle rose steadily to a hundred and sixty.
“Unbuckle your belt.  Grab your bag from the back,” Kian said, weaving from lane to lane.
It was getting harder to avoid hitting cars.  At their speed, one touch, would lead to a serious pile-up.
Daven forced himself to let go of the handle.  Unbuckling his seat belt, he reached back and got his duffel bag.
“Take my bag too,” Kian said, pointing to the duffel at Daven’s feet.
“What are we preparing to do?” Daven asked, his voice sounded strained to his ears. 
“Jump.”
Daven looked out his window and gaped.  Any attempt to bail out would get them killed in an instant.  Before Daven could protest, Kian changed lanes, hard, cutting off a trailer in the process.  The heavy vehicle weaved behind them, but Daven had no time to worry about the trailer’s fate.  Kian was driving them off the highway on to a rough grassy patch that divided an exit from the highway.  Their speed was still too high, despite the short bushes and long grass.
Daven gripped the bags in his arms, trying not to freak out when Kian let go of the steering wheel.  Kian reached over him and opened Daven’s door.
“Fold your hands over your chest.  Hug the bags tight,” Kian ordered, already climbing out of the driver’s seat.
Kian didn’t give him a chance to think about the fast moving ground.  One minute he was in the car, the next, they hit the ground hard.  Kian’s arms wrapped around Daven, as they rolled on rough grass.  A spectacular explosion filled the air a minute later.  Daven groaned, lifting his head to find his car wrapped around a bridge pillar.  The cars on the highway slowed, drivers pulling over to stare at the wreck.
“Oh God.”
Daven gasped as his precious Mercedes burst into flames.
***
Kian ignored Daven’s shock at the loss of his car.  His focus on the rider with the black Ducati.  The operative rode straight at them, determined to end Daven.  Kian picked up a heavy rock from the ground and hurled it as hard as he could at the rider’s face.
The operative let go of the handles, hands going up to protect himself from the shattered helmet.  He lost balance and fell off the motorcycle.
Kian grabbed the bags Daven had dropped and raced for the undamaged motorcycle.
“Daven,” he called, when his charge still stood staring at the burning car.  “Come on, we need to go.”
Daven looked at him confused, his gaze jerked to the man groaning on the ground.  The operative removed his helmet.
“Daven, fucking move,” Kian ordered.
Daven burst into motion and climbed on to the back of the motorcycle, his arms wrapping around Kian’s waist.
Kian sped back onto the highway determined to get them to the Oakland International Airport.  He rode fast, aware that he was using a motorcycle sourced by Raja Securities.  Thankfully, their accident was five minutes away from the airport.  Taking exit 35, as Daven had originally intended, Kian followed the signs leading to the airport.
***
“Why did we run?” Daven asked, when Kian led the way to the first airport bathroom he could find.  “The police will show up on the scene.  Whoever tried to kill us—?”
“Is not done,” Kian said.  “We need to board a flight quickly.”
Kian dumped his backpack on the sink counter and opened it.  Daven peered into the mirror, removing bits of grass stuck to his hair, and inspecting a scrape on his chin.  Turning on the water, he used a paper napkin from the dispenser to dab on the scrape, wiping away blood.
Beside him, Kian placed a passport on the counter, and a thousand dollars in a bundle of hundreds.
“Are you walking around with cash?”
Daven stared at the beat up duffel bag Kian held.
“Don’t you?” Kian asked. 
He pulled out a green windbreaker from the bag and a black cap.
Daven caught a glimpse of red on Kian’s elbows when he lifted his hands to wear the cap.  He grabbed Kian’s left arm, hissing at the angry scrapes on Kian’s elbows, going up to his t-shirt sleeve.
“You should let me take care of these,” Daven said.
“Not now.”  Kian wore the windbreaker, and slung his bag over his shoulder.  “We need to go.”
Daven got his own passport from his jacket pocket.  He took his ticket out to check boarding time only to have Kian take the ticket out of his hands.
“What are you doing?”
“Flying to Amsterdam is too obvious.”  Kian stated, turning the paper into a little ball.  He threw the ball into the nearest trashcan.  “They will wait for us there.”
Daven followed Kian out the bathroom to ticketing.
“What do we do then?”
“Give me your passport,” Kian ordered.
Daven complied without hesitation.  It was getting easier and easier to do as Kian asked.
When they reached the counter, Kian bought two tickets on the next flight out with empty seats.  Once he had the tickets, he handed them to Daven.
“Honolulu?” Daven asked, when they made it through security and were waiting to board their flight.  “Fancy a vacation?”
Kian sat on a bench in the waiting lounge, dropping his bag on the floor.  His gaze never resting, forever scanning their surroundings.
“Where did you learn to drive like that?” Daven asked, sitting next to Kian.  “I mean, without you, I would be dead the minute I realized I couldn’t control the car.  No one drives like that.”
“Basic skills,” Kian said, his tone bored.
“Basic skills,” Daven mimicked Kian.  “Do all assassins answer questions like you?”
“I don’t know.”
“Don’t you hang out with them?”
“No.”
“Why?”
Kian glanced at Daven.
“You’re an endless pit of questions.  I answer yours, why won’t you answer mine?”
“Because I don’t know if I should trust you,” Daven answered.
“I just saved you from your precious Mercedes-gone-wild.  How much more trust do you need between us?”
“A whole nation worth,” Daven said.  “You’re still an assassin.  You freak me out by existing.”
“Yeah, well, you piss me off by existing,” Kian scoffed.  “I still don’t understand why I have tangled myself with you and your family.  I should have walked away at the mall.”
“Then, why didn’t you?”
***
Kian stared at a family sitting in the chairs across them.  A woman, her husband, and their two children, three carry-on bags around them.  The family was clearly heading on vacation.  Looking away from their closeness, Kian wondered again why he couldn’t walk away from Daven.  All it would take was a flight out of this airport.  He would lose the organization within hours, the United States was a huge country.  So many States, so many places to hide, so many exits.
Daven cursed under his breath after a minute, drawing Kian's attention.
The man looked tired, his dreadlocks out of their custom tie in the back.  His chin was bruised, a small red patch that looked angry.  Most of all, Daven was scared.  Kian doubted anyone would be sane after that crazy ride.
“I’m sorry,” Daven said.
“What for?”
“Your life is in danger because of me,” Daven said.  “I shouldn’t—
“Don’t try to placate me,” Kian snapped.  “Everything I do, Daven Noland, I do it of my free will.  If nothing else, understand that about me.”
“Is that why you won’t leave me?” Daven asked.  “Because your free will tells you not to?”
“Now you’re over thinking the situation,” Kian said, giving Daven a short smile.  “I had nothing else to do.  Keeping you alive seemed like a good project to start.”
Daven stared at him in surprise, then burst out laughing until tears shone in his eyes.
“Glad I amuse you,” Kian said, when Daven calmed down a little.
“I’m afraid if I don’t laugh, I might cry,” Daven said, wiping the corners of his eyes with his t-shirt.  “You have no idea how frustrating you are.  What do we do when we get to Honolulu?”
“Find a clean way out,” Kian answered.
Daven nodded.
“That explains everything.”
“It should,” Kian said, then stood up.  “Wait here.”
“Why?  Where are you going?”
“I’m starving,” Kian said, and headed toward the cafeteria.
Daven scowled.
“I’m freaking out, and all you can think about is food.”
***
Six hours later, they landed in Honolulu.  Daven followed Kian through the airport and wasn’t surprised when Kian headed straight to another ticketing counter.  In minutes, they had tickets heading to Paris, via Delta Airlines.
The hour long wait was spent in the Delta Lounge, with Kian sleeping on three chairs, his head resting on the duffel bag that served as his bank.  Daven sat beside him, reading The Alienist, a book Kian brought back along with a cup of coffee when they had been at the Oakland Airport.  Daven wondered how Kian had known he liked reading mysteries.  Truthfully, the book was a welcome distraction from the unrelenting anxiety.
Daven’s gaze moved away from the page to settle on Kian’s sleeping face.  With his eyes closed, Kian looked harmless.  In his perpetual t-shirt and jeans, and the cap over his face, Kian could pass for a guy coming from an exciting vacation in the islands.  How charming that would be, Daven thought.
Kian slept with his lips parted slightly.
Watching him, Daven remembered their kiss in Naomi’s corridor.  He hadn’t disliked that kiss at all, in fact he wondered now what it would feel like if they put their minds into it.
Brown eyes opened, and he looked away, guilt flushing through him at being caught staring.  Daven closed his book and cleared his throat.
“It’s time,” Kian said, as he sat up, his movements stiff.
“Where to after we get to Paris?” Daven asked.
“We’ll get you off the grid, Doctor.”  Kian flashed him a smile.  “Turn you invisible.”
Daven frowned, studying Kian as he stood up, and carefully placed his bag over his shoulder.  Their jump out of the Mercedes filled his head, and he realized Kian had taken the brunt of their initial fall.  Kian’s pain tolerance level had to be high…too high, or maybe the adrenaline from the excitement of the day numbed the pain.  Their jump however calculated was hard on the body.  Kian had to have damaged something.
Daven decided then that he needed to get a look at Kian's shoulder.  His savior/assassin needed to remain in his best possible condition, Daven smiled at the thought.
***
Aboard the plane to Paris, Daven sweet talked the stewardess into finding him a first aid kit.  When they could move around the plane, Daven took Kian’s arm, pulling him out of his seat, and led him to the bathroom.  Kian had splurged and bought them business class seats.  Daven was grateful because he hated flying coach.  His legs were too long.
Winking at a passing stewardess, Daven urged Kian into the bathroom, and followed in, locking the door.
“Strip,” Daven said, placing the first aid kit box on the sink.
Kian sat on the toilet lid.
“Is this you hitting on me?” Kian asked, removing his green windbreaker.
“That would be exciting, but no.  Your t-shirt too,” Daven said, glancing at Kian.
Kian rolled up his t-shirt and pulled it over his head in a swift easy shrug.  Dropping the fabric on his thigh, he lifted his left elbow to get a look at the angry scrapes decorating the back of his arms.
“Well, this is going to be uncomfortable for two days,” Kian said, and winced as he checked his right elbow only to see the same scrapes.
Daven found antibiotic ointment, and checked the expiry dates.  Satisfied that the creams were still good, Daven turned to find Kian bending down to pick up his t-shirt, which had fallen.
“You—”
Daven stopped, his gaze on the angry deep abrasions on Kian’s left shoulder blade.  A wide patch of red, dotted with bits of dirt, it looked extremely painful.
“Why didn’t you let me see to this in Oakland?”
Kian abandoned his t-shirt, stood and peered at his shoulder in the mirror above the sink.  He shrugged when he saw the state of his shoulder and sat on the toilet lid again.
“Road rash,” Kian said with a shrug, as though it was normal.
Daven scowled, annoyed by Kian's blasé attitude.
“You could get an infection leaving a wound that severe unattended.  You could be stuck lying on your stomach while we cut out pieces of flesh out as it rotted from infection.  It’s quite gory work.”
Kian winced.
“Dr. Noland, remind me not to be your patient again.  Your bedside manner is frightening.”
“You deserve it for letting me travel with you this far while you are clearly hurt.”
Daven shook his head, unhappy.  He should have pushed the issue in the Oakland Airport bathroom.  He moved the first aid kit and placed it on Kian’s lap.  Turning on the hot water, he reached for soap and concentrated on washing his hands.
“You're so good at doing everything else.  Why the hell would you get yourself that hurt?” Daven asked, glancing at Kian’s bent head.
Kian rummaged through the first aid kit with interest, pulling out a pair of tweezers and staring at them.
“Well, it was my shoulder or your precious hands, Doctor.  At least you can use your hands to fix my shoulder.  If it was the other way round, and you hurt your hands, I doubt you would be able to hold a scalpel again, or one of these.”
Kian waved the tweezers at Daven, then dumped them into the first aid kit.
Daven was speechless.
***

Five

Daven cleaned Kian’s wound, concentrating on removing dirt from the raw skin to prevent infection.  He used warm cotton balls, at times forced to scrub at stubborn bits.  Kian made no sound through the process: no groan, no wince, and no sense of discomfort.  Daven stared at the pile of dirty cotton balls on the napkin on the sink.  By now, any patient would have cursed him out, or cried out for him to end the torture.
That level of control should have disturbed him.  Instead, it reminded him of Musimbi.  The young man he met in Dadaab.  Musimbi was fearless, immune to pain, his heart hardened by a lifetime of hardship and political wars.  Daven first met Musimbi on a field trip on the outskirts of the camp.  The first vehicle in his security convoy went up in a bomb explosion and despite protests from the security officers in his vehicle, Daven jumped out and rushed to help survivors.
Musimbi appeared out of nowhere, clutching a young woman with blood trailing down her face.  ‘Help her’, Musimbi told him, his voice bereft of emotion.  Daven remembered wondering who the woman was to Musimbi.  He should have seen through Musimbi in that moment.  Seen the cruelty behind those eyes, instead Daven only saw the wounded woman.
Daven sighed and applied ointment on Kian’s bruised skin.  Placing clean pads over the wound, he taped them in place with care.
“We’ll need to keep checking on it,” Daven said.  “Taking a shower will sting, but you don’t have to worry about that for the next few hours.”
Daven smoothed his palm over Kian’s shoulder.
“Thank you,” Kian said, bending to pick up his t-shirt.  He wore it in one swift shrug and remained seated on the toilet seat.
Daven washed his hands and disposed the dirty cotton balls: wrapping them with napkins and throwing them in the trash.  He closed the first aid box, and stared at Kian’s bent head.  Kian’s straight black hair smooth and calling to his fingers.
Daven frowned.
“I want to trust you.”
Kian remained silent.
“You confuse me,” Daven continued, leaning on the little sink.  “One minute you’re pointing guns at me, pulling the trigger, the next you save me.  You get hurt in the name of protecting my profession.  I can’t read you, Kian.”
“You’re not meant to.” Kian lifted his head and met Daven’s gaze.  “I’m well trained, that’s all you should care about.  Keeping you functional is a plus for me.  Any minute wasted worrying about your health, be they your hands or other injuries, delays us.  It makes handling you difficult.”
“Handling me?” Daven frowned at the sting growing in his heart.  “I’m not a sack of potatoes—”
“You are a target.  One I need to keep moving.”
Kian got up from the toilet seat.
The space between them disappeared, and Daven met startling brown eyes.
“Trust is not easy,” Kian said.  “Still, I only tell you the truth.  There is nothing to read with me, Daven.  It will benefit you to think of me as walking armor to get you to your destination.”
Kian opened the bathroom door.
“Try and sleep,” Kian advised.  “Who knows what we’ll meet in Europe.”
Daven stared at the open door, Kian’s little tirade stinging more than he dared confess.  Here he was trying to connect.
What the hell?
Handling, Daven scoffed.  As if!
***
Kian ate and drank with relish.  When he was full, he reclined his seat and fell asleep, covering his face with his airline issue blanket.  He loved commercial flights.  He always got the best sleep in the chunk of time spent flying over oceans.  The people he dealt with rarely sanctioned assassinations and attacks mid-flight.  Too much red tape and surveillance, hence the skies felt like neutral ground.  He could sleep and eat in peace
Kian woke up again when they were half-way to Paris.  He peeked at the adjoining seat and was glad to see Daven reclined back in his seat.  His blanket pulled over his shoulders, eyes closed.
Kian shifted so that he could watch Daven sleep.
Daven asleep looked younger than his years.  Dark stubble on his jaw gave him that rugged and dashing charm.  Kian’s gaze settled on slightly parted lips, and he exhaled remembering the taste of Daven’s kiss.  Electric and hot, Kian clutched his blanket.
He had nothing to compare it to, not even Taewon.
Kian closed his eyes, his head filling with the memory of Kim Taewon.
Taewon was his savior, his compass, Kian sighed, the cause of his downfall.  Without Taewon, Daven would be dead.  What would Taewon think of him, right now?  What would he think of a Kian who dared save a man marked for death by Raja Securities?
‘Insanity,’ Taewon would say.  ‘Kian, you’ve gone insane.’
Kian’s chuckle was quiet, but Daven shifted, turning toward him.  Kian froze afraid Daven was awake.  Then Daven took in a deep breath and continued sleeping.  Kian closed his eyes in relief.
He wanted time to think before they landed.  He needed time to figure out why he was in this plane, even when his logical side warned him against continuing this quest.
Kian’s tactics to get them on a flight to Paris weren’t original.  The seventh operative would enlist Yui’s help.  Yui would stop tracking flights and instead send the seventh operative to The Netherlands.  There, she would monitor the grid: keeping a tight pulse on every street camera around the International Courts.
A buzz filled the quiet, and Kian rubbed his eyes with a sigh.  He frowned when the buzz persisted and wondered why the owner was not answering his phone.  The buzzing continued, and Kian sat up, pushing off his blanket to listen.  He frowned when he realized the phone was buzzing in Daven’s duffel bag.
Kian glanced at Daven.
Daven slept on undisturbed.
Kian reached for the bag on the empty seat beside Daven and found the source of the buzzing.  The small black gadget was basic.  Number buttons, small screen to see the number calling, and no other functionality possible.  It was a burner.  The phone kept ringing and Kian pressed the answer button.  He brought it to his ear but didn’t speak.
“Thank God, you’re alive.”  The caller’s relief was tangible.  “Stories of a deadly car accident along a California Highway had me worried.  You were supposed to call me.”
Kian kept his silence.
“I have news.  As you suspected, Musimbi is working for or with Raja Securities.  Rumor has it that Raja Securities is more than the mercenaries we've seen.  They clean out problems in higher circles for an impressive price.  The outfit is highly classified.  I can’t find any information on them.  Could the assassin next door know more?  Do you think he's one of them?”
“Daven is asleep,” Kian said.  “I assume you are the reason he is determined to keep up this madness.”
Silence greeted his comment.  A minute passed, then the caller cleared his throat.
“Is he safe?” the question was asked in a skeptical tone.
“Yes.” 
Kian glanced at Daven who still slept.
“I promised to keep him alive.”
“Why?”
Kian shrugged as though the caller could see him.
“Why do you need him alive?” Kian countered.
“Are you Raja Securities?”
“I am many things.”
“You know who they are?”
Kian kept his silence.
“Daven’s life guards an entire community,” the caller said, his tone urgent.  “He is protecting women, children, the old and the sick.  Without his testimony, one terrible man will walk free, and continue his tyranny.  Daven must make it to Den Haag.”
“Is the culprit this Musimbi?” Kian asked.
“What are your plans?”
Kian stared at the phone.  The caller had coached Daven into hiding the truth.  No matter how much he twisted the conversation, answers would not be forthcoming.  He ended the call, and switched off the phone.  Kian placed the phone back in Daven’s bag, and tossed the bag onto the empty chair beside Daven.
At last, a starting point.
The name Musimbi sounded familiar, though Kian couldn’t pinpoint where he heard it.
Kian sat up and looked around the quiet cabin.  On his walk back from the bathroom, he saw a young man in the seats behind theirs working on a laptop.  Kian checked on Daven, making sure he was still asleep, then left his seat.  It was easy to get the laptop.  The young man was asleep when Kian found him.  He slipped into the empty seat behind the young man and got to work.
First, he needed to know more about Musimbi.
Second, once they arrived in Paris, they were going to need to move fast.  Only one man could help with that, Kian thought with a wince.
He needed to send a message.
***
When they landed in Paris, Kian led Daven through customs, working to keep their visibility to a minimum.  A difficult task as Daven was a fish out of water.  Directing him out of surveillance camera angles turned into a complicated dance.  Kian conned his way through customs, navigating red tape with bad French to keep up a façade of lovers on a honeymoon.  Daven followed his lead and Kian was glad for it.  One word from Daven would obliterate the fantastic scenarios he painted of their undying love for each other, and their dream of doing it under the Eiffel Tower.
Kian pushed Daven into a bench when they came out into the arrivals hall.  The young man whose laptop he borrowed walked by them, his gaze on Daven.
Kian sighed when the guy smiled at Daven and got a wink in return.
Reaching for the hood on Daven’s sweatshirt, he pulled it over Daven’s head in irritation.  Looked like his so-called lover had a straying eye.
“Kian?” a soft familiar voice called and he turned in time to see a young woman standing a few feet away.
Lady luck was sure on his side this time.  He didn’t get time to study their rescue, as she came running at him.  She wrapped him in softness and the scent of jasmine.  His fingers tangled in black silk hair when he wrapped his arms around her to steady them.
“It’s really you.  I can’t believe it,” she said in his ear.  “It’s really you.”
“Lina,” he said, hugging her back.
She had grown up, filled out, gotten more curves.  She kissed his jaw, and his forehead.  Bolder too, Paris was good for her.
“He won’t believe it,” Lina said, stepping out of his embrace, though she held on to his right hand.  “We have missed you so much.  I couldn’t believe it when I saw the message.”
Kian looked beyond her checking the crowd in arrivals.
“We were worried it was unreal,” Lina said, her tone apologetic.  “I forced him to stay.  No one would notice if I came, but if he showed up—”
“I understand,” Kian squeezed her hand.  “We should leave.  It’s not safe.”
“It never is,” Lina said, giving him a small smile.  “I brought a car.  No taxi driver, I remember the rules.”
Before Kian could say anything, Daven stood, filling the space between Kian and Lina.
“And who is this lovely creature?” Daven asked, extending his hand to Lina with a smile.
Lina stepped back, a frown gracing her forehead.  She ignored Daven’s hand.
“Kian?”
“My cargo,” Kian said.  “He’s gentle.”
“Still,” Lina squeezed Kian's hand and stepped away.  “Why would you do this?”
“The faster we get out of this hall, the better,” Kian said, growing nervous.  Lina was protective.  “I need your help.”
“What you’re doing to us,” Lina said, her gaze horrified.  “What this will do to him—”
Kian stepped up to her and whispered into her ear.
“I would never come to him if I had another choice, Lina.”  Stepping back, he met her gaze, holding it, willing her to accept his request.  Any longer in this arrivals hall and Yui would catch up.
Lina’s gaze shifted to Daven who stood behind Kian in a confused state.  She gave an exasperated sigh, and turned to Kian.
“If something happens, I won’t forgive you.”
Kian gave her a nod, and she turned and headed for the exit.  He adjusted his duffel bag and looked at Daven.
“Let’s go.”
“What’s with her?” Daven asked.  “She doesn’t look pleased.”
“It’s complicated,” Kian answered, following Lina out of the airport.
***
Lina drove an old Renault.  Her driving had Daven hanging on to the door handle in the back, and Kian smiling as he’d taught her how to drive.  She was good, crazy but good.
“What kind of trouble have you landed here?” Lina demanded, whizzing through the streets like a mad woman.
“Yui is stalking me,” Kian said, thinking it was better to be honest from the start.  “She’s followed me across three continents.  She caught up with me in Kuala Lampur.”
“Damn it, Kian.”
Lina beeped at a man on a bicycle making a sharp turn as she headed out of the main city.
“What the hell did that bloodhound bitch want?”
Kian glanced at Daven through the rear view mirror.
Lina hissed, dropped her foot on the brake and pulled over to the curb.  She turned on Kian, her gaze glaring.
“Are you fucking with a Raja Contract?” Lina demanded.  She reached under her seat.
Kian moved fast, taking the gun from her before she could aim it at Daven.
“I’ll kill him for you, if you’re unable to do your grandfather’s bidding.  Did you forget what happened the last time you did this?”
Lina shook her head, and unclipped her seat belt.  She got up on her seat, turning to the backseat.  She grabbed Daven’s sweatshirt, and Kian gripped her around her waist, keeping her from wrapping her fingers around Daven’s neck.
“Fucking calm down,” Kian ordered.  “Shouldn’t you wonder why it is I’m protecting him?  Do you think I’m crazy?”
“Who knows?” Lina asked, fighting him.  “You’ve been traipsing all over the world alone.  You might have caught crazy.  You promised to stay alive.  Do you think this will help keep you above ground?  I’m not going to help add firewood to your pyre.”
“Well, I haven’t tied myself to the stake yet, so chill out.”
Kian used considerable strength to pull her back and into the driver’s seat.  He used her seat belt, clipping it in, to tie her down.  Lina sat in her seat blowing hair out of her face, her breath coming in gasps.
“Are you going to calm down?” Kian asked, meeting her gaze.  “I’d hate for you to ruin this chummy car with murder in the backseat.”
“This chummy car is your fault,” Lina accused.  “You preached not driving ultra-modern cars with posh navigation, and so he took you serious.  We bought this from an old granny, who bought it in nineteen eighty-four.  I hate you, Kian.”
Daven chuckled from the backseat, and Kian glared at him.  Laughs were not going to help the situation.  Lina pushed Kian’s hands away and gripped the steering wheel.
“Okay,” she said.
Lina took in a deep breath, and Kian nodded in approval.  Calm was good.  She took another deep breath, and rolled her shoulders.
“Okay, fine, you’re screwing a contract.  Not too bad, if he’s worth a few coins, there will be no trouble.  We’ll help and move on, you can keep running, no funerals ahead.”
Kian met Daven’s gaze in the rearview mirror.  Daven shook his head in the negative.  Kian sighed and watched Daven push himself into the corner of the backseat.
“How much is he worth, Kian?” Lina was asking.
Kian closed his eyes as she eased her foot off the brake and started to ease back into traffic.  Kian looked out the window, at the Eiffel Tower, so majestic in the morning, and wished he could lie to Lina.
“Kian?” she prodded, joining traffic.
Kian removed the bullets from the gun he’d taken from her, and put it into the glove compartment.  Folding his hands against his chest, he cleared his throat.
“2.5,” he said.
“2.5?” Lina glanced at him with a grin.  “Yui hunted you down for two hundred and fifty thousand.  She’s really going mad.”
Kian winced and corrected.
“2. 5 million pounds.”
***
Daven shifted in the front passenger seat, his gaze on Lina.  She was in the backseat, her arms tied behind her back, her feet wrapped with duct tape.  There was a piece of tape across her mouth too, though one couldn’t see that as Kian had expertly wrapped her neck and mouth with a scarf he found in the trunk.  She was well and truly trussed up.
Lina glared at him and Daven looked at Kian.
“Normal people would call this cruelty against women,” Daven said.
Kian glanced at him and Daven winced at the red bruise on Kian’s left eye.  Lina’s gift before she attempted to murder them all by driving off the road on a bridge.
Why was he in the middle of a dark comedy?
Daven looked forward, biting his lip to keep from laughing.
He chuckled under his breath, and Kian growled.
“I’ll leave you on the curb if you laugh.”
Daven bit his lip, pressing his right fist to his mouth.  He glanced up to the rear view mirror and the glaring woman tied in the backseat did it.  He couldn’t stop the laugh, it took over and all he could do was hold on to his stomach.
Kian kept driving, thankfully.
***
An hour later, Kian drove into a lush green compound on the outskirts of Paris.  It took thirty minutes of that time for Lina to calm down so that Kian could get directions from her.  Kian had removed the tape over her mouth, but she was still tied up in the backseat.  Lina led them to a property surrounded with a lush green live fence.  A tall black gate kept intruders out.  Kian stopped the car and got out to open them.
“What makes you so special?” Lina asked Daven, when Kian was outside.  “Why would he bring you here?”
Daven frowned.  Her anger seemed justified, but he didn’t understand it.  He watched Kian hurry back to the car.  Kian drove in, and once again got out to close the gates.
“I hope you’re worth it,” Lina said.  “Otherwise, I’ll put you down myself.”
Her gaze left no doubt on what she meant.  She looked capable of murder in that moment, reminding him once again that he was in the company of the extraordinary.
Before Daven could respond, Kian got into the car, and drove up a tarmac drive, that stopped before a handsome two-story white-washed house.  Its walls heavy with climbing ivy.  Daven started to open his door and paused when he saw sheep grazing in the open green yard to his right.  The property was no farm, but the two sheep in the green lawn looked at home.
The front door opened and a Korean man came running down the short steps to the car.  He didn’t spare Daven a glance instead, racing to Kian.  Daven got out of the car and stared as the tall man lifted Kian in a bear hug, holding him tight.  Surprising was Kian who wrapped his arms around the man and held on.
The moment felt intimate so Daven looked away.
Daven closed his door and adjusted his t-shirt.  He lifted the front of his t-shirt and sniffed.  He needed a shower.  The last one he’d had was at Naomi’s house.  Some eighteen hours ago.
“What is this?” the Korean man said, letting go of Kian, finally.
Daven winced at the tinge of jealousy in his chest.  Kian seemed like a different individual with this people.  He was open, none of the closed off man he met in Oakland.  Daven wondered what gave these people the right to get such a friendly Kian.
“What did she do?” the Korean man asked, opening the back passenger door.
He smiled and reached in to get Lina.
“My love, did you annoy the Serpent’s Heir?  I told you to treat him well.”
“Don’t ‘my love’ me,” Lina complained her tone disgruntled.  “He is impossible.”
“You tried to drive us off the road,” Kian pointed out.  “You want my cargo dead.”
“The cargo has a name,” Daven said, coming around the car to where Kian stood.
The Korean man paused in the act of removing duct tape from Lina’s legs and straightened up.
Daven realized then that the man’s feet were bare.  Dressed in grey sweat pants and a t-shirt, he was taller than Kian, and almost Daven’s height.
“Kian, explain yourself,” the man said.  “You said cargo, not handsome-as-sin, can-I-take-a-bite-of-it, cargo.  Look at those eyes, so gorgeously green.  Pretty, like the grass She and He eat.”
“Please don’t freak him out,” Kian said, moving to finish removing the duct tape from Lina’s legs.
She growled at Kian for his efforts.  Kian untied her hands and shook her into submission when she tried to head butt him.
“Can you control your woman, Taewon?”
Kian stepped away from Lina and went to the car’s trunk.
Taewon waved his hand, dismissing Kian’s complaints, his dark gaze on Daven, a smile tagging his lips.  He walked up to Daven, holding out his right hand.
“I’m sorry.  Kian has no concept of social niceties.  He grew up among animals on a mountain.  We forgive him.  I’m Taewon.  What’s yours?”
“Daven.”  He took Taewon’s hand.  “Daven N—”
“First names only,” Taewon cut in.  “It’s safer for you.  I assume safety is the only reason my Kian would bring you here.”
“Taewon,” Kian said, carrying his duffel bag and Daven’s.  “Can we go inside?”
Taewon let go of Daven’s hand and turned to Kian.
“Do you want to meet She and He?” Taewon asked Kian, pointing to the sheep grazing in the lawn.  “I bet their gentleness might rub off on you.”
“I’m worried for your state of mind,” Kian answered, leading the way into the house.  “Have you been going out?  Or, are you stuck playing money markets in your study?”
“You know me so well,” Taewon said, urging Daven to follow into the house.  “My Love, can we get refreshments?  The coffee maker is not working.  I’ve been surviving on juice since you left.”
Lina ran into the house, heading down the corridor, her heels rapping a steady beat on the tiled floor.
Taewon chuckled as he closed the front door.
“She’s worried I broke the coffee maker.  The last time I touched it, I put the coffee grinds where the water is supposed to be.”
“You’re a fucking mess.”
Kian shook his head and placed their duffel bags on the table in the foyer.
Taewon took Daven’s arm and led him to the staircase.
“If you go up these stairs and turn right, the first door you meet is my bedroom.  I think we’re about the same height.  You can shower, and choose any clothes from my closet that fit you.  I’ve been on one of Kian’s rescue missions.  A shower does wonders.”
Daven wanted to hug Taewon right then.  Giving Kian a short nod, he took his duffel bag from the table and hurried up the stairs.
***
Kian leaned on the wall by the staircase, and waited for the door to close upstairs.  The moment Daven was inside, Taewon turned on him.
“You are screwing with a Raja Contract.”  Taewon pointed up the stairs.  “That’s what he is, isn’t he?  Do you want me to smack sense into you?  Let me, Kian.  You know I’m not afraid to do it.  I don’t give a fuck what you are.  Do you ever think of yourself?”
“Calm down.”
“Calm down?”
Taewon walked up to Kian and pushed him against the wall.
“Insanity, that’s what you caught out there on your own.  I knew we shouldn’t have let you roam alone.  You should have stayed here, with me, with us.”
“You’d be dead if I stayed,” Kian said, staring at the collar of Taewon’s t-shirt.  “Full disclosure, Yui is stalking me.  You’ll need to move after I leave.  She will find you and I can’t have that.  I know it’s unfair, and I shouldn’t have come, but my resources are limited.”
“Says the heir to the serpent,” Taewon scoffed.  He stepped away from Kian and dug fingers into his hair.  His dark eyes full of sadness.  “You fool.  Does he know?”
Kian lifted a brow in question.
“Daven,” Taewon said.  “Does he know he is a game your grandfather has planned?”
Kian smiled.
“He doesn’t need to know.”
“You always carry the burden alone.  Are you hoping you’ll win like you did with me in Seoul?”
Kian dropped his gaze to the floor.  Taewon’s take on the Seoul Incident was warped.  His heart squeezed tight, a stab of old pain reminding him of the sacrifice he made.  The first heart wrenching lesson of his life—he shook his head.
“Taewon,” Kian said in a low tone.  “What I gained in Seoul can’t compare to what I lost.”
Taewon inhaled sharply and turned away from him.
Kian stared at Taewon’s back unable to stop the old longing.  There was a time he would have walked up behind Taewon and laid his head on those capable shoulders.  His arms wrapped around Taewon, absorbing heat and love he had owned, free and clear.  That was gone now.  Taken away by a choice Kian made to keep Taewon alive.  To keep his life a secret from the many people who preferred Taewon dead.
Taewon took in another deep breath and spoke without looking at him.
“You’re right.  What do you need?”
“A car, supplies, cash,” Kian listed.  “We have to leave as soon as possible.  Will you help me?”
“I’m insulted you would dare ask,” Taewon said, dropping his arms to his sides.  “What I have is yours, Kian.  That won’t ever change.”
Kian pushed off the wall, and took two steps to Taewon.  He lifted his hand, wanting to squeeze Taewon’s shoulder, but he couldn’t do it.  He shut that door tight, with heavy duty locks.  Sure, they trembled when Taewon hugged him, but he could never break them.
Kian dropped his hand and let out a soft sigh.
“The house has a basement,” Taewon continued.  “Everything you need is there, including money.  Take what you need.  As for a car, the garage should have one that fits your preferences.”
“Thank you," Kian said.
It was all he could say.
***

Six

Standing under hot water, Daven braced his palms on the tiled wall and closed his eyes.  His brain felt muddled on time.  The little phone he carried said it was almost 12am, but it was morning in Paris.
Pushing off the wall, he wiped his hands down his face and squeezed water out of his hair.  He closed the water and reached for a thick white towel hanging on a rod on the door.  Wiping his face, he stepped out of the shower and into the large bathroom equipped with every type of toiletry he could need.  The products on the sink counter were intimidating.
Tying the towel around his hips, Daven reached for the most obvious, shaving cream and a pack of razors.  While he shaved, he thought of Kian downstairs, and the man who seemed to know Kian’s secrets.  How wonderful for Taewon, Daven thought staring into the mirror above the sink.
What was it like to be behind the concrete wall Kian put up?
Washing out the razor in water, Daven wondered how Kian and Taewon had met.  For Taewon to know what Kian did, the circumstances must have been downright sinister.  How could those two have the relationship they had now?
Taewon looked at Kian with love.
Well, Daven frowned into the mirror, his right side unfinished.  He wanted to kiss and hug Kian too, so…maybe it wasn’t all that crazy an idea.  What was it about being in danger?
Aphrodisiac number one, Daven chuckled at his thoughts.
Save me from certain death, and then let’s make mad love.
Daven continued shaving and when he finished, he rinsed his jaw and searched through the billion products on the counter for something to sooth the sting of the razor.  This counter reminded him of Naomi’s vanity table.
He froze.
Naomi!
Abandoning the search, Daven left the bathroom and went into the bedroom.  He had left his duffel bag in an armchair by the window.  Searching the pockets, he got the small black phone he used to call his contact.  Hurrying back to the bathroom, he closed the door and dialed Naomi’s cell phone.
She answered after one ring.
“Hello?” her voice sounded strained.
“Naomi.”
“Oh thank God,” Naomi’s voice was heavy with relief.  “I was so worried.  What happened to you?  Your car—”
“I’m sorry, it’s been crazy.  I wanted to tell you I’m fine.”
“The police are looking for you,” Naomi said.  “They think you might be injured.  Are you okay?  I saw your car, and...Jesus, no one would have survived that accident.  Where are you?”
“Safe,” Daven said.  “I’m fine.  I can’t tell you where I am, but I’m safe, Naomi.”
Naomi was silent on her end.  She sniffled, and Daven thought she might be crying.  It broke his heart.
“I’m going to try to end this fast,” Daven said, in a gentle note.  “Then I will come home, Naomi.  I’m tired of traveling so much.  Hmm…maybe you can help me find a place to rent.  I thought about it, and a private practices sounds like a good idea.”
“Are you pulling my leg with this?” Naomi asked, her voice stronger.
“I’m serious,” Daven said with a small smile.
“Alright, I’ll work on finding a place,” Naomi sighed.  “But you have to promise to call me every six hours or so—”
“Let’s do twelve,” Daven suggested, sure Kian would not be happy about him making phone calls.
“That’s too long,” Naomi complained.
“It’s safer,” Daven said.
“Fine, but if you don’t call me, I’m going to raise hell at the police station, Daven.  If I have to, I’ll fly to the New York UN offices and demand to see you.  I can’t take the silence, Daven.”
Daven smiled at her uncomplicated love.
“I promise to call,” Daven said.
“The kids have been writing lists.  I really want you to read them.”
Daven smiled.
“I want to read those lists too.”
They talked about Aram and Zena for a bit, and then Daven ended the call with a heavy heart.  He stared into the mirror and for the first time in years, felt an urgency to return home.  The old pain was gone, the anger at his brother’s death dissipated.
Now, he just wanted Naomi and the kids happy.
Daven frowned when he heard a door open in the bedroom.  Placing the phone on the sink counter, he pulled open the bathroom door.  He froze when he saw Taewon sit on the foot of the bed, legs folded under him.
Taewon held up a grey t-shirt and a pair of blue jeans.
“These are new, you got lucky.  Lina bought them for me on a whim a while back.”
Daven remained standing at the bathroom door.
Taewon placed the clothes on the bed, and smiled.
“You can come out here.  I won’t bite.”
Daven pushed the phone to the corner of the sink counter and stepped out of the bathroom.  He took the clothes Taewon offered and walked to the armchair by the window.  Picking up his duffel bag, he searched for a pair of fresh boxer briefs.
Taewon cleared his throat drawing Daven’s gaze.
“Daven, can I ask you a few questions?”
Daven found black clean briefs and pulled them on.  Wearing the borrowed jeans, he dropped the towel on the edge of the bed.
“What do you want to know?”
“Kian,” Taewon started, and then stopped.
He looked away from Daven, finding his hands interesting for a moment.
Daven wore his t-shirt and perched on the edge of the armchair.  Taking the towel, he used it to soak up excess water from his dreads.
“When did you meet Kian?” Taewon asked.
“Friday afternoon,” Daven answered, feeling like the mall incident was a lifetime ago.  “I’ve known him two days, well might be three now.  Sorry, time is a bit of a mess right now.”
“Why is he with you?”
Daven studied Taewon, realizing the man was worried about Kian.
“He’s protected me five times now,” Daven said.  “He said three times before, and two that I know.”
“Why?” Taewon asked.  “Does he know you?”
“We met in a mall in California,” Daven said, confused by Taewon’s questions.  “I’ve never seen him before that.”
Taewon shook his head, his expression full of doubt.
“That’s not possible.  Why would he interfere if he didn’t know you?”
Daven stared at Taewon.
“To help,” Daven ventured, feeling like he was the only who lived in a black and white world.
If people were in trouble, wasn’t the natural order to help?
Taewon chuckled looking at him as one would look at a naïve, innocent child.
“Don’t be cute,” Taewon said, and then got off his bed.  “If I know Kian, we’re all clearing out of this house in the next thirty minutes.  Make sure you tell him about that phone you’re hiding in the bathroom.”
Taewon hurried out of the bedroom as fast he came in.  Daven got up from the armchair, and went to get his phone.
Naomi’s worry for him left him feeling uneasy.  He wished he could go back home, but he had come too far now.  Best to finish it and go home with a clean slate.
Daven stared at the phone, then pressed speed dial calling his contact.
“Daven?” the call was answered on the first ring.
“Winston.”  Daven closed the bathroom door and leaned on the sink counter.
“I’m relieved to hear from you.  Where are you?  The man who answered the phone before—”
“What man?” Daven held on to the sink counter.
“He didn’t offer his name.  Only said he promised to keep you alive,” Winston said.  “Are you sure you’re safe?”
“Yeah.”
Daven closed his eyes.
Kian knew about the phone.
“Musimbi is en-route to Geneva to plead a case for more funding.  It’s a ruse, of course. He’s in Europe to find you.  He’s using Raja Securities to locate you.”
“I know them.”  Daven frowned.  “Private mercenaries.  They handled all Musimbi’s excursions in Somali, very unhelpful fellows.
“I don’t need to tell you what happens when they catch you.  Can you make it to me?  If you can, I have set up security here.  Although, now I’m concerned about whether you should do this, Daven, it might cost you too much.”
“Losing faith already,” Daven teased, though fear was riding him hard.
He turned to look into the mirror above the sink.
Memories of a village massacre filling his head…so many dead in the name of money.  Then, there was Musimbi in a Raja Securities jeep, his men packing up weapons and medical supplies needed by the villages.
“I’ve come this far.  I won’t back out.”
Daven closed his eyes and gripped the counter hard.
“I’ll make it.  If I don’t, they will find the camp in Kitaza.  Once Musimbi is comfortable again, he will send his mercenaries to the children and the women there.  Government forces run the moment they see the black uniforms with the serpent insignia.  Those people will have no chance.”
“We have forces headed there,” Winston offered.
“Do you think Raja Securities will stop?  They are paid to clear the area by Musimbi’s supporters.  They don’t give a shit.  You’ll only add to the number of people dead.  Capturing him is the only solution.”
“To do that, I need you, your testimony and your physical evidence.  So, how close are you?” Winston asked.
“Close,” Daven hoped.  “Let me call you when we enter The Netherlands.”
“The earlier the better, Daven,” Winston said.  “Do you trust that man I spoke to?”
Daven glanced at the closed bathroom door, his thoughts on Kian.
“I trust him.”  Daven was surprised to find he meant it.
“Good luck then,” Winston said.  “I look forward to seeing you.”
Winston ended the call first.  Daven pushed the phone into his jeans pocket and leaned on the sink counter, feeling exhausted.
His thoughts filled with the image of Kitaza, a small oasis in the middle of Somali.  The woman Musimbi had brought to him that day in the Dadaab camp had come from Kitaza.  She made him curious and on a mad whim, Daven joined a convoy going deeper into Somali and ended up at Kitaza Village.  There he found women and children struggling to make a life in the middle of chaos.  In a crusade to help, Daven set up quite a strong camp in Kitaza, getting food supplies, and medicine going to Kitaza on any convoy traveling into Somali.
His success attracted Musimbi’s attention: the young man talked a good game and had truly convinced Daven that he wanted the best for his people.  With Daven’s help, Musimbi talked to NGO officials who would listen to his story.  Musimbi quickly became a man who looked after small obscure villages in the region, until the night Daven stumbled onto the truth.
During a weekly visit to Kitaza, a blood soaked man stumbled into the small camp, and the aid workers with Daven rushed to help.  Once again, a bloodied man begged Daven to help.  He kept repeating ‘everyone is dead in Kizuima.’
One of the local women explained that Kizuima was a small town thirty minutes away from the Kitaza camp.
The man died on the table, and Daven wondered if there were more injured at this Kizuima town.  His damnable curiosity had him taking a small security team with him in search of this town.  They drove fast, and when they reached Kizuima, the security team forced him into hiding when they saw fires, and heard the sound of gunfire.
Daven wondered if it was luck, or cruel fate.  The spot they chose to hide afforded them first class tickets to Musimbi’s real activities.  Musimbi used the money he got from donors to fund his black market businesses: peddling drugs provided by NGO aid and selling military grade weapons to militia.
The leaders in the Kizuima village discovered Musimbi’s secret when he started using their village as storage.  When some of the men demanded their share in the business, Musimbi had Raja Securities mercenaries, the men in black uniforms with a serpent insignia, shoot down every woman, man, and child.
Worried for his little camp in Kitaza, Daven contacted Winston who was stationed in Nairobi at the time.  Winston got the investigation process started with the help of the U.N., but the closer they got to arresting Musimbi, Winston became more paranoid and worried. Winston feared Daven’s life was in danger as one of the key witnesses.
The militia attack at Daven’s medical camp in Dadaab was the first real attempt on Daven’s life.  Winston forced Daven to shut down the medical camp and send his staff to Nairobi.  Winston then urged Daven to fly back to the States.
They had both thought that would keep Daven safe.
Who would have thought Musimbi’s reach could go beyond borders, so far beyond, it frightened Daven.
***
Kian checked bullets, inspected guns, and knives, and then arranged them neatly into a large black duffel bag.  Zipping up the bag, Kian pushed it to the side on the table in the middle of the room.  He walked to a cupboard in the corner and opened the doors.
He stopped, staring at the stacks of money inside.  There were bunches in euros, pounds and dollars.  Again, Kian wondered how much time Taewon spent indoors instead of going out.
The basement door opened behind him and Taewon walked in, still on bare feet.  Lina followed behind Taewon, carrying a mug of coffee.
“You took a shower,” Taewon said, he sounded pleased.  He came around the table to where Kian stood and touched Kian’s damp hair.
“I’ve always loved it when you came out of the shower.  You hair looks like silk.”
“Don’t make me jealous,” Lina said, placing her mug on the table.  She perched on a stool and took a delicate sip.
“Why are you jealous?” Taewon smiled at her.  “I’m yours now.”
Taewon moved away from Kian and took a bag from the bottom of the cupboard.  He opened it and started stuffing it with the bundles of money from the shelves.
“We don’t need that much,” Kian started to protest. “This is a transport job.  If anything, I’m only expecting trouble at the end.”
“Do you know how long I’ve stockpiled this for you?” Taewon asked, cleaning out the cupboard.  “Each year, worried you’d turn up dead in some small obscure city.  I wondered if you were starving, or sleeping on the streets.  Why you didn’t know to come here for supplies…I don’t know…but just in case you came, I kept at it.”
“Habits are the worst mistake,” Kian said, stepping away from the cupboard.
Taewon looked like a man possessed as he worked.
“Habits,” Taewon shook his head.  “Coming to see us, see me, was a habit you couldn’t afford, is that what you mean?”
“Taewon,” Kian said.
“Fine,” Taewon nodded.  “You could have left messages.  Said you were alive, still breathing…I would have been fine with a dot in the message.”
Taewon finished with the money and zipped the bag.  He dropped it on the floor before Kian and straightened to his full height.
“Four years, Kian.  How can you keep that silent for four years?”
Kian turned to Lina, but she continued sipping coffee, not offering any help.
“Taewon—”
“I love you,” Taewon said.
Kian felt his chest get tight.
“Because of that, you got punished by your grandfather, and you have no home,” Taewon said.  “Do you know what that does to me?”
Kian raised his hand to stop Taewon from talking.
“I—”
“How long were you watching Daven?” Taewon asked, moving on so fast, Kian barely had time to get his bearings.
“What?”
“He said you helped him, saved him five times.  You would never do that for someone you barely know.  Tell me,” Taewon demanded.
Kian remembered why he didn’t like finding Taewon.  Why he made an active effort not to see the man.  Taewon knew him too well.  Knew all of him and it was damaging.
“Kian,” Taewon prompted.  “How long did you watch him?”
“Over a week,” Kian said, hoping to stop Taewon from continuing this insane conversation.
Taewon cursed in French and glanced at Lina desperation in his eyes.
“Stay,” Taewon begged, turning a pleading gaze on Kian.  “Stay here with us.  I’ll help you find a way to protect Daven.  Anything Kian, I’ll do it.”
Kian stared at Taewon.  Those dark eyes, they knew the truth.  The truth he dared not reveal.
“Please,” Taewon begged.
Kian stepped back, coming against the table.
“Kian—”
Taewon took a step forward.
“I can’t stay,” Kian said, almost in a whisper.  “For you, I can’t stay, and neither can you, Taewon.  I need you and Lina to leave this place.  Yui won’t spare you.  Especially if she finds out I lied about you.”
“Goddamnit.”
Taewon kicked the duffel bag between them, and then cursed as he had no shoes.
“Fucking idiot, why the hell are you wired so wrong?” Taewon asked.  “This is my fault, isn’t it?  I taught you to love only when it means you could lose your life.”
“No.”  Kian shook his head, meeting Taewon’s gaze.  “I don’t care about Daven, I’m simply—
“Don’t lie to me,” Taewon scoffed, letting go of his toes.  He pointed an accusing finger at Kian.  “I know you, Assassin.  I know you would walk away if the odds were against you.  You stepped into Daven’s life because you saw something you wanted, didn’t you?”
Kian lifted the bag on the floor and placed it next to the one filled with weapons.
“Thank you for the supplies,” Kian said, refusing to answer Taewon.  He thought it the best option.
“Taewon, stop it now.  Kian’s choice is made.”  Lina spoke for the first time, and Kian glanced at her to find she was holding a brown envelope.  “He wouldn’t have come to you, if the choice wasn’t made.”
“I don’t understand, why?” Taewon shook his head.  “What does Daven have that I don’t?  If it is love you want, I’ll give it you, Kian.  I’ll pamper you with it until you’ll never doubt it exists.”
Kian gripped the table and stared at the duffel bags.  The memory of Daven sitting at a table talking and smiling to a small boy filled his thoughts.  How handsome Daven looked in that moment.  Kian imagined if love was a tangible thing, a man like Daven would surely own it in abundance.
“Taewon,” Kian said, looking at his ex-lover.  “Daven is not like us.  He is a good man, a good doctor.  We’re not good people, you and I.  Lina too.  We came from a bad place.  As for why I’m helping Daven, maybe I’m tired of running.”
“You’ll die,” Taewon said, his eyes bright.  “At the end of it, there’s no way out for you.”
“I know,” Kian answered.  “I don’t regret anything, Taewon.  Not even losing you.”
Taking the duffel bags, Kian headed out of the basement.
“Hey Kian, wait,” Lina said, hurried after him.
She caught up with him upstairs in the foyer.  He placed the duffel bags on the floor and she came around him.
Holding out the envelope, she let out a soft sigh.
“He had these made a while back.”
Kian opened it to find two passports with his picture.  Taking them out, he checked the names and met Lina’s gaze.
“No matter what, we have to keep hoping you live.  You’ll need to disappear after you finish with Daven,” Lina said.
“And the rest?” Kian removed a pile of documents and three sets of keys.
Lina smiled.
“While you’ve been traipsing across the world, he’s been making money like a mad man.  He made me set up deposit boxes across Europe and Asia in obscure banks.  The documents list them.  You will find everything you need inside those boxes.”
Kian returned the documents into the envelope and pulled her into a tight hug.
“I told you seeing you this way would fuck him up,” Lina said, against his shoulder.
“Take him south, maybe to Italy,” Kian said.  “Have him own a vineyard.  He likes farms, and animals.  He can run around in Tuscany stepping on grapes like the mad man he is.”
“He doesn’t wear shoes.  I don’t think people should drink wine from grapes he’s stepped on,” Lina said, pressing a kiss on Kian’s jaw and stepped back.  “We’ll leave first.”
Kian nodded putting the envelope in his duffel bag, the one he carried with him, and Daven called his bank.
“I’ll put this in the car,” Kian said, and headed out of the house to the garage.
***
Seiko Raja studied the photograph Yui gave him with a small smile dancing on his lips.  Kian, at age twenty-eight, he couldn’t imagine a more handsome creature.  His grandson’s hair was longer than he remembered.  Kian’s gaze was full of challenge.  It reminded him of an autumn when Kian was six.  The boy had dared shoot an arrow at him for pushing him to the limits.
“Where is he?” Seiko asked, not glancing up from the photo.
“Kian is a master at evading security cameras.  We haven’t been able to track his route out of Oakland.”
Seiko studied the photo for another minute.  His grandson’s gaze captivating, the defiant raise of his head, his chin set.  After four years of hiding, Kian stood in the light on the doorstep of a contract that could bring down Raja Securities.
“You should have already sent your operatives to The Netherlands,” Seiko said, placing the picture on the coffee table.  He folded his arms against his chest and looked at Yui.  “The good doctor is determined to testify.  Kian will get him there.”
“The contract is void if the doctor arrives,” Yui said, with a frown.
“I’m more interested in Kian,” Seiko said, meeting Yui’s gaze.  “If you can’t capture him this time, then this organization is in danger.  Without Kian, we can’t survive much longer.  He holds an important key.”
“He won’t come in without a fight.”
Yui shook her head, frustration clear on her beautiful face.
Seiko studied the woman he relied on to run Raja Securities.  Her mean streak made her perfect for her role.  Well, a good dog deserved a pat on the head and a reward.  Yui had chased Kian for years.  She deserved some help.
“Find Kim Taewon,” Seiko said, and watched Yui’s eyes go wide.
“He is dead,” Yui said in shock. “Kian killed him.  We reported it to the Kim Family.”
“Taewon is alive.”  Seiko chuckled.  “Kian fooled you, the Raja Securities operatives on the assignment and the Kim Family.  This is classified.  It stays in the top Tier if you have to share.  Kian and I have unfinished business, looks like it is time to settle our disagreements.”
“But Sir,” Yui frowned.
“Kian doesn’t have friends.  He shunned all his acquaintances after Seoul.  Being alone has worked for him because he didn’t have to worry about anyone else.”  Seiko scoffed.  “But Kian now has someone to protect.  He will need resources.  The only people he can trust are the dead.”
Yui smiled in understanding.
“We find Taewon, Kian will be there.”
“Perhaps,” Seiko shrugged.  “Drawing out Kian was a good plan, cornering him is harder.”
“What do we do with Taewon when we find him?”
“Keep him alive,” Seiko said.  “There is a standing deal protecting his second life.  I cannot break it.  However, we can still use Taewon to force Kian into a corner.  Kian will do anything to protect Taewon.”
Yui smiled realizing Seiko’s plan.  She left his office in an exhilarated mood.
Alone, Seiko glanced at the picture on his coffee table, at the grandson he loved more than life.
Oh how he missed watching Kian practice.  There were days he wished for their time in the compound, in that wild valley at the foot of the mountain.  Kian had looked at him with devotion then, seeking approval for every little thing.  Nothing interfered, nothing kept them apart, and no one dared test their bonds.
The defiance in Kian’s eyes now shattered him. Brought on by a love that should never have bloomed.  Seiko shook his head thinking of the Seoul job he wished Kian had never undertaken.
If only he had not insisted on Kian going to Seoul, Kian would still be by his side.
“Kim Taewon,” Seiko hissed, in bitterness.  “You stole my heir.”
***
Daven rearranged his duffel bag, and took the used towel to the laundry basket he had seen at the corner of the room.  The door opened and Taewon walked in, letting out a huge sneeze.
“Oops,” Taewon said, swiping the back of his hand over his nose.  He glanced at Daven and grinned.  “Someone is talking about me.  Ready?”
“Yes,” Daven said, finding he liked Taewon.  “Thanks for letting me use your bathroom.”
Taewon nodded and stood staring at Daven for a moment.
“How do you know Kian?” Daven asked, curious.
“That is a very long story,” Taewon said, his tone dismissive.
“The short version then,” Daven pushed.
“He saved my life.” Taewon said, with a small wistful smile.  “I suspect it was a bit similar to what he is doing for you now.”
Taewon turned and headed to the closet.  He pulled out a suitcase from the top shelf and brought it to the bed.
“Going somewhere?” Daven asked.
“We can’t stay,” Taewon said, opening the suitcase with a sigh.  He looked around the neat bedroom, and then smiled at Daven.  “It was time to move anyway.”
Daven gaped.
“Are you leaving because of us?  Because of Kian—
“Because it is time to move on,” Taewon cut in.  “Kian is doing what he needs to do for you.  I admire him for it.”
“Admire him?” Daven scoffed.  “The man is an assassin.  He says he works for an organization that wants me dead.”
“Yes, imagine what they want of Kian who has defied orders.”
Daven started to protest, and then stopped.
What was it costing Kian to protect him?  Why hadn’t he thought of that before this moment?
“I—,”
Daven started, and then stopped, meeting Taewon’s gaze.
Taewon closed the distance between them and pulled him into a tight hug.  Daven stood still as Taewon whispered into his ear.
“I couldn’t save him,” Taewon said, his words heavy with sorrow.  “I hope you manage it.”
Taewon stepped back, dark eyes holding Daven’s gaze.
“Why don’t you go downstairs?” Taewon waved to his suitcases.  “I need to shower, pack a few things, and—”
“Yeah.”
Daven hurried to the armchair, taking his duffel bag, he left Taewon’s room, fast.
What did Taewon mean save Kian?  From what?
Downstairs, he found Kian in the foyer, holding a cell phone.
“Are you ready, Daven?” Kian asked, sparing him a short glance.
“Yes,” Daven said, staring.
Kian was in all black, his hair damp from his shower.  He had shaved clean, and looked younger.  There was no sign of the cap Kian liked to wear.  Daven hoped it would be forgotten here.  Kian looked good without it.
“How is your shoulder?” Daven asked, wondering if he needed to check the wound again.
“Fine, I changed the dressing.  No sign of infection,” Kian said, moving his left shoulder.  “The pain is bearable.”
Daven nodded, and then remembered Taewon’s advice about the phone.  He placed his duffel bag on the table and cleared his throat.
“I have a burner phone,” Daven said.  “I used it to call Naomi and my contact in The Netherlands.”
Kian narrowed his gaze at him.
“Why tell me you have it, now?”
“Why didn’t you tell me you knew I had it?” Daven asked.  “My contact said you answered a call before.  Did go through my stuff?”
“The phone buzzed, and you were sleeping.  I answered it,” Kian said, his tone unapologetic.
Daven frowned, suddenly annoyed.
“Can we discuss you not respecting my privacy?”
“Privacy ended for you the moment I poured milkshake down your back.”
“Your attitude needs serious adjustment.  Do you know that?”
“We’re about to leave,” Kian said in a lazy tone.  “If you have any more calls to make, I suggest you make them now.”
Glaring at Kian was like being mad at a rock.  There was no reaction forthcoming, so Daven cursed under his breath and wondered what Taewon was infatuated about.
Kian was impossible!
***
Kian helped Lina put Taewon’s suitcases into a Mazda CX-5 SUV.  He had checked to make sure it was a manual transmission.  Taewon listened very well.  Closing the trunk, he met Lina’s gaze.
“Your garage is surprising,” Kian said.  “Why pick us up in granny’s chummy car?”
“I wanted to make you feel the pinch,” Lina grinned.  “I had to drive in that old Renault for a year when we first moved.”
Kian chuckled, his gaze on the machine gray Mazda MX-5 parked next to the SUV.  Taewon understood him on a very frightening level.
“How do you like it?” Taewon came to stand beside him.
Taewon looked ready for a trip in fitted jeans, a blue t-shirt and his feet in actual shoes, leather sandals: no constricting boots for Taewon.
“The car is beautiful,” Kian said.  “Thank you.”
“It should get you where you want to go fast,” Taewon grinned.
Kian glanced behind him to where the two sheep were grazing.
“What about He and She?”
“They belong to the neighbor,” Lina offered.  “They know their way home.”
“I’ll miss them,” Taewon said, staring at the two sheep.  “I’ll miss this place.”
Kian felt guilt ride him hard.
“Don’t try to contact me, I will find you,” Kian said, taking a step away from Taewon.  “Don’t get close to people overcurious about you.  Change your names as I taught you.  Move if you notice unexplained new faces in the neighborhood you choose.”
“We’ve survived four years without you, Kian,” Taewon said, his voice tinged with irritation.  “I think we are veterans at it by now.”
Kian rubbed his forehead, his gaze on the packed red SUV.  Once again realizing how damaging he was to Taewon.
“I’m sorry you had to meet me,” Kian said.
Taewon shifted to face him and Kian closed his eyes when Taewon slapped him hard across his face.  The numbing sting cleared his head like nothing else.
Then Taewon stepped into his personal space and wrapped him in a tight hug.  Warm lips covered his and Kian froze as the heavy locks around his heart rattled.  Taewon’s kiss sent nostalgia rocking through him, no fire like Daven’s kiss, but a shattering breeze that soothed the ache of longing inside him.  The kiss ended as fast as it started.
Kian closed his eyes when Taewon kept holding him tight.
“I don’t regret you either,” Taewon said, his voice strained.  “No matter what happens or what you think in this stubborn head of yours, Kian.  You’ll always be the best man I ever met.  Do you hear me?”
Kian bit his lip hard, Taewon’s brightness burning through him, if only he was different.  If only…so many ifs.
Taewon kissed Kian’s temple and stepped back.
“Stay alive,” Taewon said, squeezing Kian’s shoulders.  “When it’s over with Daven, bring him to find me.  I can tell him all your many quirks.  Hopefully, you’ll have gotten the courage to confess to him by then.”
Kian smiled at Taewon’s easy way with the situation.
Taewon grinned.
“I wish you smiled more often,” Taewon said, his voice full of wonder.  “You’re a beautiful sight when you smile, Kian.”
Kian watched Taewon and Lina get in the car and felt a sense of loss as they drove away.
***
“Is Taewon your lover?” Daven asked, thirty minutes later.
Shifting in the passenger seat, he watched Kian change gears on the sexy Mazda sports car and join the highway.  The car looked new.  Taewon certainly had a soft spot for Kian.
“He was, once,” Kian said.  “How is Naomi?”
Daven shivered.
“She’s not happy with me.  She cried when she heard my voice.  She’s worried.  I promised I would call her in twelve hours.  She might really kill me herself if I miss that mark.”
Kian shrugged.
“You won’t, this should be over by then.”
“What do you mean?”
“It will take us at least five hours to get to The Netherlands.  Once we are there, I suggest you call your contact and don’t delay whatever it is you need to do.  The contract on you states not to let you reach The Hague.  Once you are there, the contract is invalid.  No one will try to kill you.”
“That’s useful to know,” Daven said, a strange sense of relief flooding him.  Five hours and they would be free.  “What will you do after?”
“Leave you,” Kian said.
“Will you find Taewon?” Daven asked.
“Not for a while,” Kian said.  “I’m very damaging to Taewon.”
Yes, Daven agreed.
Thinking it wasn’t fair that Taewon and Lina needed to move because they helped him and Kian.
That was not right.
Settling in his seat, Daven sighed and rubbed his stomach.  He hadn’t eaten much since the airplane.  It was almost eleven o’clock, the sun was up, and it was a beautiful day in Paris.
“Kian.”
Daven glanced at his savior drop the Assassin part, and smiled.
“Can we eat?”
Kian looked at him, his brow lifted.
“Is that your way of saying you’re hungry?”
“Aren’t you?” Daven asked.
“Not really,” Kian shrugged.
“Not even for your beloved coffee?” Daven asked.
Kian chuckled and shook his head.
“We can find a place on the way.”
“Thank God,” Daven said.
***
Finding a café was not hard, this was Paris after all.  Kian got off the highway, returning into the city.  Kian chose a café with tables outside.  He preferred it: the freedom of exit.  Daven ordered food without restrain.  Kian suspected Daven wanted to eat to alleviate stress.  Kian checked his pockets to make sure he had enough money.  He had grabbed some from the duffel bag in the car.  It wouldn’t do if they had to wash dishes for their meal.
The coffee was divine.  The café had a delicious blend, and Kian appreciated Daven’s pushing him to stop.  Otherwise, he would have missed it.
“Do you worry they’ll one day bring you down with coffee?” Daven asked.
Kian looked up to find Daven watching him.
“It depends who knows my weaknesses,” Kian answered.  “The only people who would use coffee against me are you and Taewon.  So…if they poisoned me, I would know it was you as Taewon would never betray me.”
“Why show me your weaknesses then?” Daven asked.  “You don’t know me.  How do you know I won’t betray you?”
Kian shrugged.
“If you did, I wouldn’t fault you.”
Daven picked up his napkin and wiped his mouth.
“Why?” Daven asked.
“I don’t inspire loyalty.”
“Taewon is loyal to you.”
“He feels indebted to me,” Kian said.  “There is a difference.”
“Taewon and I are similar in that,” Daven noted.  “I feel indebted to you, because you’re keeping me alive when you’ve been ordered to assassinate me.  So, I wonder, why make the choice to keep me alive?”
Of course, he should have expected the question.
Daven was an intellectual man, unlike Taewon who lived following his heart, Daven was calculating.
He had seen too much not to be, Kian thought.
Kian drank his coffee and looked around the busy street.  They had chosen a busy café; the tables packed with people: natives and tourists, couples, families, even the loners, their normalcy enticing as nothing else in this world.
Kian envied their easy daily lives.
This disease, because coveting a normal life could only be considered a disease, was the reason why he sat here with Daven.
In Oakland, at that mall, Kian had felt compelled to save the Daven who talked to a five year old boy with a wide, handsome smile.  To preserve the innocence of that moment, Kian shook his head, mortified by his thoughts.
What was wrong with him?
“What happens once you get me to safety?” Daven asked.
Kian met Daven’s gaze, giving him a smile.
“Why, will you miss me?”
“You said you only tell me the truth.  Give it to me now.  What happens if they catch you?”
“I won’t be caught,” Kian said, though it sounded like untruth to his ears.  “Don’t worry, Daven.  I will keep you alive until you get to where you need to be.”
Daven gave him a simple nod, and continued eating his sandwich.
Kian watched him for a while.  He took in a deep breath, enjoying the quiet moment.   His lips curved into a small smile.  Maybe he could steal another kiss from Daven before they reached their destination.
One fiery kiss that would always remind him of Daven Noland.
***

Seven

“Despite the circumstances, I like you, Kian.”
The words pulled Kian out of his thoughts.  They were back on the road, and Daven sat in the front passenger.  The food had done him good.  The shower too, Kian thought.  Daven looked relaxed, no sense of anxiety in sight.
Kian returned his gaze back to the road, thinking about Daven’s comment.  Taewon was the last person to give him those words.  Before Taewon, he’d never heard them.  Before Taewon, he’d never wanted to care what those words could mean.  Or understand the bonds those words could forge, and the pain they could bring as well.
Daven chuckled, the sound drawing Kian’s attention from his past.
“What?” Kian asked.
“When you met Taewon, did you tell him, ‘hi, I’m Kian, your assassin’?”
“No.”
“Hmm…I’m kinda happy to hear that.”
“Why?”
Daven smiled.
“Never had anyone tell me they’re my assassin before.”
“Does it turn you on?”
Daven laughed.
“A little,” Daven confessed.
“A little?” Kian asked, looking at him.
“Twenty percent,” Daven said.
“Where is the eighty percent?”
“In a mix of anxiety and fear,” Daven answered.
Kian returned his gaze to the road.  He couldn’t blame Daven.
Daven folded his arms against his chest.
“How did you meet Taewon?”
“Is that really what you want to know?”
“I’m curious as hell, Kian.  Never met anyone who will leave a house, and a life they’ve built at the drop of a hat.  What does he do anyway?”
Kian felt his stomach twist at the thought of Taewon.
“Taewon is a gifted investor.  He spends too much time indoors buying and selling stocks, playing money markets across the globe.”
“Is that easy when you’re in hiding?” Daven asked.
Kian shook his head.
“It is if you know what you’re doing.  He does.  The house we left is owned under a shell company.  He will rent it out to someone, in time.”
“You mean Lina will handle it.”
“Yes, she’s his front man,” Kian said.
More than front man, Lina was Taewon’s life partner now.  She filled in the space Kian left wide open.  He hoped it was enough, that Lina was enough to keep Taewon happy as he deserved.
“How did you meet Taewon?” Daven asked again.
“If I tell you that story, the twenty percent becomes one percent.”
“Seriously?”
“Very serious,” Kian said.
Daven stared at Kian
“Does this mean you want the twenty percent to increase?”
“Hell yes,” Kian flashed a genuine smile at Daven.
“Taewon was right,” Daven said, pressing his right hand to his chest.
“About what?”
Daven faced forward.
“Nothing.”
Kian concentrated on driving, allowing silence to reign.  Thinking about Taewon made him uneasy.  He picked up the phone he had placed on his lap, swiped his thumb over the screen to stare at the red dot trailing to the south of France.  Dropping the phone back on his lap, he cleared his throat.
“I will tell you about Taewon if you promise me to give me one thing.”
“And what do I have that you want?” Daven asked, not looking at Kian.
Everything, Kian wanted to say.
“A kiss,” Kian said, treating Daven to another smile.
“Are you soliciting?”
“Don’t you want to kiss me, Daven?” Kian asked.  “I want to kiss you.”
Daven returned his gaze.
“Now?” Daven asked, his expression enough to let Kian know he was not averse to the idea.
Kian slowed the car.
“Does that mean you’re willing?”
Daven laughed.
“I’m not unwilling, Kian.  Is this normal for you?  Propositioning?”
“Only with you,” Kian said, “but not right now.”
Kian gripped the steering wheel.
“Later, when you’re not thinking about it, and imagining it’s weird for me to ask.  Do we have a deal?”
Daven studied him for a moment, as though weighing the pros and cons.
“Ok, deal,” Daven said with a short nod.  Clearly, the urge to know the truth had won.
Kian’s grip on the steering wheel tightened.  Of course, what was a simple kiss to Daven?  Kian sighed.
Oh well, the kiss would be something to look forward to at the end.
He couldn’t talk about his grandfather with Daven because that required a few stiff drinks first. Plus, Daven would never meet his grandfather.  What was the point of saddling him with such a scary man?
“The organization I work for takes on clients from around the world,” Kian said, thinking discussing Raja Securities was easiest.  “The cost of a contract determines the type of operatives the organization sends.  The less cost, the more…mild operatives need to be.  The more expensive a contract, the more skilled the operative.”
“You said I was the second most expensive contract,” Daven said.  “Does that mean you’re the second best operative?”
“You are the second most expensive contract,” Kian said.  “In the history of the organization.  Currently, the highest payload an assassin working in the organization can hit.”
Kian glanced at Daven and gave him a faint smile.
“Kim Taewon was the first.”
"So, that makes you the most skilled assassin."
"Operative, assassin," Kian said.  "It's all the same."
A mix of fear and panic swept over Daven’s face.  Kian congratulated himself on a stellar explanation.  It really wasn’t everyday a man discovered he was in a car with the most dangerous man possible.
“You’re lucky to have met me after Taewon.”
“Why am I lucky?” Daven asked.
“Before Taewon,” Kian said with a sigh, “I didn’t understand the concept of preserving life.  I followed orders, and survived.  Life was simple, which in your perspective would be considered frightening.”
Daven shifted in his seat, uncomfortable.
“Do you want me to stop now?” Kian asked.  “Our kiss will lose its effect if the twenty percent goes down.”
Daven held his gaze, and for the first time Kian read clear determination in green eyes.
“Continue, Kian,” Daven said, his voice firm, with no distress.
“They call Taewon’s contract the Seoul Incident,” Kian continued.  “It was the first time an operative in the top tier fucked things up.”
“Fuck things up, meaning you refused to carry out orders.”
Yes, Kian thought.
It was the first time he ever rebelled against his grandfather.  The first time he chafed against the bonds Raja Securities tied around him.  The elite assassin walking away from his future, all because of a man.  His grandfather called it a betrayal.
“I met Taewon in Sapporo, Japan.  He went skiing there while his father ran a presidential campaign in South Korea.”
“Presidential campaign…?” Daven asked, then his eyes widened.  “You don’t mean, President Kim Shin?  A year ago, I attended a UN summit meeting in New York, and heard him speak.  He is a great man.”
“Taewon is Kim Shin’s illegitimate son.  As such, he can never be acknowledged, especially in a family that is now living in the Blue House.”
“Damn.  Who wanted Taewon dead?” Daven asked.
“Taewon’s stepmother, Kim Shin’s current wife and the first lady,” Kian answered.  “She wanted a clean background for her family.  Taewon is the product of an affair that happened while Kim Shin was married to her.  His existence would have killed Kim Shin’s election campaign.”
“So, you saved Taewon,” Daven said.
“I tried,” Kian said.  “I was twenty-four, had known nothing but contracts and training.  When I met Taewon, he was wild, and reckless, his zest for life hard to ignore.  I—”
Kian broke off, thinking about his time in Sapporo with Taewon.
Taewon was carefree those days.  He lived hard, enjoying every second of the day.  He laughed and played without fear.  Kian had loved spending time with Taewon.
“The contract was ambiguous to start,” Kian continued after a while.  “My job was to get close to him, and send back daily reports.  I started out playing the part of his boyfriend, easy enough, but then Taewon was hard to ignore.  We spent too much time together and…”
“You fell in love.”
Kian glanced at Daven.
How easy those words came to Daven.  It had taken him a bullet lodged into Taewon’s left shoulder to realize it.
“I didn’t know it at first, until the order to take out Taewon came and I couldn’t carry it out.  When I ignored my task, the organization send in a clean team.  Running seemed the best option at the time, as I had never disobeyed orders before.  I figured if they couldn’t find Taewon they’d give up on the contract.  I was wrong.”
“How long did you run?”
“Two intense weeks,” Kian said.
He was fond of those two weeks.  Being with Taewon, it hadn’t seemed like danger lurked in the shadows.  He and Taewon…they shared too much on their run across Japan.  One night, after a particular bad fight to escape a wet team, Taewon talked him into making a stand.
“Mrs. Kim was persistent.  She insisted on seeing Taewon’s body before any payment.  The organization wouldn’t give up on five million pounds.  So, they kept coming.”
“How did you save him?” Daven asked.
Kian pressed his foot on the gas, increasing their speed.
“I did what I do best,” Kian said.  “I ended a life he understood and loved, took away everything he knew.  I killed Kim Taewon.”
***
Daven stopped pushing for answers after Kian’s dramatic end to his story.  He wanted to go home after this.  The idea of being forced into a life like Taewon lived scared him.  Not being able to see Naomi and the kids…gosh even his parents…that would be too harsh.
Needing to drown out fear and possible panic attacks at the outcome of this trip, he turned on the radio and attempted to tune into a decent station.  That Kian didn’t stop him was telling.
When Kian wasn’t talking about the past, and the deadly organization he worked for, he was surprisingly entertaining.  Daven laughed when Maroon 5’s Sugar came on and Kian knew the words.
Kian sang well, his fingers tapping the steering wheel as he drove.  Daven could almost imagine they were out here on a vacation.  After the impromptu karaoke session, Kian launched into a conversation on favorite music.
“I have an iPod full of Coldplay music that I left at Naomi’s,” Daven confessed.  “On shitty days, I use it to purge.”
Kian directed that devastating smile at him and Daven once again remembered Taewon’s parting words.  Right before he left, Taewon had wished Kian would smile more often.  Taewon wasn’t wrong.  Kian was stunning when he smiled.
“The only birthday gift I ever got was an iPod with Coldplay’s Yellow,” Kian said.
“That is kind of sad, Kian.”
“Why?” Kian asked.
“How old are you?”
“Twenty-eight,” Kian answered.
“In all those years, no one has ever gifted you anything on your birthday?”
Kian kept silent, as though in deep thought, then nodded.
“Yep, only the one gift,” Kian said.
“Not even Taewon?” Daven asked.
“I’m trying to keep Taewon alive.  Gift shipping would draw attention.”
Daven sighed.
“You’re missing out.”
“How many gifts have you had?” Kian asked, looking at Daven.
“Countless,” Daven said, feeling as though he was bragging to a pitiful creature.
Did Kian have no family?  Or did he, and they had shunned him for the choice to kill people for a living.
God, what was that like?
“As it should be,” Kian said in a soft voice, as he drove through Lille.  “Daven, recline your seat and try to rest.”
“I’m not tired.”
“Close your eyes anyway,” Kian insisted.  “I need time to think.”
Daven frowned when Kian looked at him again, he met cold brown eyes.  The playful Kian had disappeared again.  He sighed and reclined his seat.
“When this ends, you should consider finding a psychiatrist,” Daven said under his breath.  “Your mood swings are more frightening than you.”
Daven crossed his arms against his chest and shifted to stare out the windows.  He only meant to rest his eyes.  The next time he shifted to stretch his cramped body, the car had stopped.  Daven turned to the driver’s seat and sat up when he found Kian gone.
Rubbing his eyes, he opened the passenger door and got out, letting the cool air sweep away the last vestiges of sleep.  They were in a park.  The only car in the parking lot.
Where was Kian?  Where were they?
Daven looked back in the car.  Kian’s jacket was on the backseat. Stepping away from the car, he slammed his door closed and looked around the parking lot.  There was a bathroom in the farthest corner.
Daven imagined Kian had stopped for the bathroom.
A small sense of relief returned, and he turned to lean on the car.
Daven stopped short when he saw the man standing a few feet away dressed all in black.  His gaze riveted on the gun the man held.  Before Daven could react, the man fired the gun and he froze as a bullet came sailing straight at his head.
***

Eight

Kian finished washing his hands and left the clean bathroom.  Parks were perfect for stops.  As long as there was no trouble, no one paid attention to the ins and outs of people going into a park.  He headed back to the car, and frowned when he didn’t see Daven in the passenger seat.  He had parked the car facing the facilities so that he could see Daven.
Breathe seizing, Kian broke into a run, reaching the car fast.  He opened the driver’s side and sure enough, the passenger seat was empty.
“Daven!”
The words were ripped out of him as he looked around the quiet park.  There weren’t many people around.  The cars around them empty, the owners somewhere inside the park.
Kian let out a harsh breath, reached into the car and got a gun from under his seat.  Holding it against his leg, he walked to the back of the car, his gaze searching.  He stopped short when he found Daven sitting on the ground leaning on the back of the car, his head buried in his hands.
“Shit, Daven!” Kian crouched beside him, gripping Daven’s left shoulder tight.  “Why didn’t you answer when I called you?”
“Kian?”
Daven lifted his head, relief clear in his green eyes.
“What are you doing?” Kian asked, looking around the parking lot again.  “Why—?”
Daven wrapped his arms around Kian tight, and pulled him into a tight awkward hug.
“Oh thank God,” Daven whispered.
Kian placed the gun on the ground careful to keep it out of Daven’s sight.
“Daven?”
Daven kept holding him, not letting go.
“You left me in the car alone.”
“I went to the bathroom.”
“I had this dream—”
Daven broke off, his voice strained, muffled in Kian’s shoulder.
“A man showed up and shot me, I could do nothing—”
Daven shook his head, pressing his forehead into Kian’s shoulder.
“I woke up and you weren’t there.  I thought you left me.  It suddenly occurred to me that I’d definitely die if you weren’t with me.  Do you know how frightening that thought is?  That I can do nothing to save myself?  My God, I’m useless alone.”
Of course, Daven would panic now.
Taewon’s freak out mode was immediate.  Apparently, Daven’s took a while.
“Do you want to cry?” Kian asked, staring at Daven’s dreadlocks, lifting his hand to touch them.  They felt soft to the touch, so he sunk his fingers into them.
Daven shook his head, trembling a little.
Kian massaged Daven’s scalp gently.
“You know you’re sorta freaking out right now.”
Daven nodded, still not raising his head from Kian’s shoulder.
“Good.  I’ve been thinking you’re taking things a bit too easily,” Kian said, patting Daven’s head.  “I will tell you when I’m leaving, Daven.”
Daven took in a deep shaky breath.  “Promise?”
“Promise,” Kian said, enjoying the feel of Daven’s arms around him a bit too much.  Daven’s strong arms held on tight, almost trusting.  “Was your dream very bad?”
“It included a man in dark clothes and a bullet in my head,” Daven said.  “Can you teach me how to dodge bullets?”
“No, this is not the Matrix,” Kian said, keeping his tone matter of fact, “though you’d make a handsome Neo.”
Daven burst into a short laugh.
“Why are you laughing?” Kian asked.
Daven lifted his head, his green eyes filled with mirth.
“You sound so serious answering me.”
“That’s because I probably can dodge a bullet,” Kian answered with a shrug.  “You just need to know what your opponent is aiming for, and where the bullet will land.  Make quick plans not to be on its path.  Now there’s a skill that is hard to teach a newbie—
Kian stopped when Daven stared at him.
“What?” he asked.
“In polite society, it’s uncool to brag,” Daven said.
“Is it?” Kian asked, “Then why did you tell me about your countless birthday gifts?  You made it sound as though they’re mountains high.”
Daven laughed, this time finally letting go of Kian.  Kian took his gun from the ground and tactfully slipped it into his waist at the small of his back.  He stood up in a fluid motion and held out his right hand to a still chuckling Daven.
He helped Daven to his feet, and was glad the shadows were gone from Daven’s eyes.
“Should we get back on the road?” Kian asked.
“Yeah,” Daven said, sobering, stretching his arms over his head.  “I’m gonna stay awake for now, I think.”
“I agree,” Kian said, heading back to the driver’s side.  “No more sleep for you, it’s aging me.”
Daven dropped his hands to his sides and hurried around to the passenger side.
“Don’t leave me alone again, Kian,” Daven said, when they were back on the road.  “I don’t like not seeing you.”
Kian glanced at Daven, a small smile tagging his lips.
***
An unsettling weight settled on Kian’s shoulders the moment they crossed the border, and entered The Netherlands.  He couldn’t stop thinking about Daven’s contact.  When he answered Daven’s phone, the man on the other end asked him if he was Raja Securities.  Kian wondered how that man knew about Raja.
How much he knew, and did Daven know?
The questions occupied his thoughts until they hit the A12, heading into The Hague.  The radio was still on, and Daven read the book Kian had bought at the Honolulu airport.  They hadn’t spoken since their stop in Antwerp.  Daven’s anxiety seemed to increase with conversation, so Kian had maintained the silence.
It was a sunny afternoon, going on four o’clock in the afternoon.  They’d made good time.  Kian took the phone on his lap, checking Taewon’s progress.  The dot on the screen continued down to the South of France.  He placed the phone on the dashboard, and glanced at Daven.
Their time was ending.
“Daven,” Kian said.
“Hmm…,” Daven glanced up from his book.
“Find your little phone,” Kian said.  “We need to talk to your handler.”
“His name is Winston,” Daven said, closing his book, and getting the phone from his pocket.
“Call Winston,” Kian urged when Daven simply stared at it.
Daven met Kian’s gaze.
“This is it, isn’t it?”
“Told you it would end in five hours,” Kian said.
Daven studied him for a moment, and then pressed one on the phone to make his call.
“We’re close,” Daven said in greeting.  “Do we head straight to the court?”
Kian held out his hand for the phone, and Daven handed it over without hesitation.
“It’s me.”
“The mysterious protector,” Winston said.
“They’re watching the grid, heading to the court while you wait outside is risky,” Kian stated.  He imagined Yui had tasked all Raja Securities satellites and all available operatives on this.
“Do you need a security escort?”
Kian looked at Daven, weighing their options.  Despite assurances from Daven, Kian couldn't bring himself to trust Winston.  A faceless man could turn into the worst enemy.  He had given up too much to watch Daven get into trouble.  Kian returned his attention to the road.
“What is the busiest place in the city?”
“Central Station,” Winston answered.  “Many people coming in and going through there, is that your way in?  Security can meet you—
“Send three vans,” Kian said, taking the exit into the city.  “Let me call you in a few minutes.  If this is to work, you need to do what I say.  Will you?”
“As long as Dr. Noland stays safe,” Winston answered.
“He will,” Kian said, glancing at Daven.  “The three vans head to this Central Station, and Winston, arm your men, but don’t make it obvious.”
“Alright,” Winston ended the call.
Kian retained the phone, placing it on his lap.  He took the one with Taewon’s tracker.  The Hague map was already on hand, he’d loaded it a while back.  Once he was sure they were on the right track, Kian veered into a side street, parking the car behind a closed shop.  The street was empty, except for a dumpster in the dead end ahead, and a pair of bicycles leaning on a wall.
Shutting off the engine, he looked at Daven.
“How well do you know the ICC’s location?” Kian asked.
“I’ve come before,” Daven said, “A few months ago for an unrelated case.”
Taking the phone he was using to track Taewon, Kian programmed directions to the ICC.
He placed the phone on the dashboard, and got out of the car.  He went to the trunk, unlocked it and spent a few minutes lifting the carpet on the floor of the trunk.  There was a hidden compartment underneath.  He pulled out the duffel bags from Taewon’s basement.  Slamming the trunk closed, he carried the bags to the driver’s side.
Placing the bags on the driver’s seat, he opened the duffel bag of ammunition and pulled out a bulletproof vest.  He handed it to Daven.
“Wear it,” Kian said, when Daven only stared at it.
“Are you expecting trouble?”
“Do you know what’s worse than a contract turned null and void?” Kian asked, slipping knives into his boots.
“No what?” Daven asked, watching Kian.
Kian took out a black jacket from the duffel bag, and slipped bullet magazines into inner pockets.  Kian finished arming up, and placed the black jacket over his seat.  He took a light green windbreaker from the bottom of the bag and met Daven’s gaze.
“Assassins denied 2.5 million pounds,” Kian said.
Daven got out of the car, and wore the bulletproof vest then.  Kian walked around the front of the car to help him tighten the Velcro ties around his torso.  Kian smoothed his palm over them and handed the windbreaker to Daven.
***
“Kian,” Daven said, wearing the windbreaker.  “What are we doing?”
“Keeping you alive,” Kian said, helping straighten the windbreaker, once it was done, Kian zipped it up.  “I can’t show you how to dodge bullets, but I can protect you from one.”
Daven frowned.
“Where’s yours?”
“Told you I could dodge bullets,” Kian answered.
“Yeah, you said that,” Daven said, his heart pounding faster than usual.  His palms were sweaty.  The last time that happened was during his first surgery.  He had thought he would drop the scalpel, his hands had felt so shaky.
Now—, he swallowed hard.
“Keep your passport handy,” Kian said, distracting him.  “In case you need it at entry to prove who you are.”
“What about you?”
“I don’t think they’ll let me out of the ICC if I enter,” Kian said in a teasing tone.
Daven felt a heavy stone settle in his stomach.
“What are you saying?”
“To make this work, I’m going to draw attention away from you,” Kian said.  “I told you I’d let you know when I leave you.”
“No.”
“Be brave, Doctor,” Kian teased, his tone chiding.  “I promised to keep you safe.”
Only because Kian had stayed by his side, Daven clenched his hands tight, afraid his heart was going to burst out of his chest.
Kian smoothed his hands over Daven’s shoulders.
“Can you drive a stick shift?” Kian asked.
“My dad taught me, when I was a teenager.”
“Would have loved to see that,” Kian said, turning to look at the Mazda Mx-5.  “This baby is pretty fast.  Don’t be shy, and floor it.”
“I don’t think I can do this,” Daven said, taking Kian’s right hand, he held on tight.
“Yes, you can.  It's the only option I have, so you don't have a choice,” Kian said, turning to him.
Kian lifted his free hand to caress Daven’s jaw.  His fingers tracing Daven’s stubble, his thumb sweeping over Daven’s bottom lip.
Daven met liquid brown eyes and wasn’t conscious of having leaned close until Kian’s lips touched his.  He inhaled, taking in Kian’s scent, wanting more than the soft shy brush of Kian’s lips.
Daven reached for Kian, his hand sweeping behind Kian’s neck, pulling him close.  He sealed their lips in a hot, possessive kiss.  His tongue tracing Kian’s lips, a wild tingle of excitement racing through him when Kian parted his lips, letting him in.  Heat simmered…Kian’s taste delicious and intoxicating…arousal slammed through him.  Daven’s fingers bunched in Kian’s hair, pulling him closer still, their kiss deepening.
The surge of desire was familiar; the raw, clawing need to possess this one man, hold him, keep him for himself was new.  Daven wrapped his arms around Kian, wondering if he wasn’t going crazy with the need to stake a claim.
Was he mad?
They pulled apart when the need to breath became important.  Kian pressed his forehead into Daven’s shoulder with a soft breathless sigh.  Daven was breathing hard, fear suddenly a living thing inside him.
“If that is twenty percent, I can live with it,” Kian said after a moment.
Daven held on to Kian, closing his eyes.  He didn’t want to let go, not after a kiss he thought meant more than he dared define.
How could it be?
This man—
“Have dinner with me,” Daven heard himself say.
“What?”
“Tomorrow night.  Not in this city.  I want to forget this place after I’m done here.  Let’s meet in Amsterdam, Kian.  Have dinner with me.”
“You’re nuts,” Kian said, extricating himself from Daven’s embrace.  “You shouldn’t see me after this, Daven.”
“Please, Kian,” Daven begged.  “I—, don’t say no.”
Kian held his gaze for a minute.  Daven wondered if Kian read the truth in his eyes.  God, he hoped so, otherwise fate was playing a cruel game.
Kian turned away from him, pacing to the front of the car.
“I don’t think you understand what I am,” Kian said.  “You’re blinded by—
“Kian.”
“This is not the best decision you’ve made lately.”
Daven thought he read fear in Kian’s eyes when they finally looked at him.  He smiled.
“Meet me, Kian.  I’ll let you choose the place, anywhere you want, as long as you don’t stand me up.”
Kian studied him for a moment, and then headed for the driver’s side.
When Kian leaned in to take out his bags, it felt like a rejection.  Daven shook his head, thinking this was just as well.
Kian had—
“I’ll try my best,” Kian said.
Daven looked at Kian in surprise.
“You understand I might not make it?”
“You will,” Daven said, elated.  “You’re my assassin, remember?”
Kian stared at him, then chuckled and held up the keys.
“Come, Daven.  We don’t have time to waste.”
Daven went around the car to where Kian held the driver’s door.  He leaned in and stole a swift kiss on Kian’s lips, then went around Kian, settling in the driver’s seat.  Kian closed the door, and Daven rolled down the window.  Kian held out the white phone he’d been using.
Daven took it.
“Call your burner,” Kian said.
Daven punched in numbers he had memorized.  The black phone he’d held on for months rang and Kian pressed the answer button, and then ended the call.  He plugged in earphones Daven hadn’t seen and slipped the phone into his pocket.
“I’ll call you in a few minutes,” Kian said, wearing the black jacket full of ammunition.  “Take care of that phone, it has precious information.”
Daven nodded, remembering that Kian was tracking Taewon’s progress.
“I’ll protect it,” Daven said, with a small smile.
“Don’t stop for anything,” Kian said.
“Don’t get hurt,” Daven ordered.
Kian chuckled and leaned in to press a chaste kiss on Daven’s forehead.
“Don’t worry, Doctor.  I’m a Pro.”
Daven sighed.
“That’s not something to brag about, Kian.”
“Drive, Daven,” Kian ordered, stepping away from the car.  “The faster you get there, the quicker this ends.”
Daven took in the sight of Kian, this man who’d shown up in his life like magic.  Hoping this wasn’t the last time they were seeing each other, he turned over the engine, gave Kian a short wave, and took off.
***
Alone, Kian wore his cap, picked up the duffel bags and started heading back the way he had driven in.  Finding the Central Station was easy, getting in even easier, however, escaping surveillance took up time.  He found the lockers and stowed away both duffel bags.  He kept Daven's burner phone.  Closing the locker, he put the key into his boot, and made his way to the men’s bathroom.
Inside a stall, he called Winston to ensure the man was on his way and then came out of the bathroom, removing his cap.  This time, he wasn’t too concerned about surveillance.  He walked into the main lobby of the station and stood in the middle.
***
“The Hague Central Station,” Yui said, the simple statement sending two dozen operatives moving across the small city into action.
The screens around the room went active with feeds from all twenty-four operatives tasked with capturing Kian and Daven.  They all converged toward The Hague Central Station.
“Its official the Noland contract is void,” Yui said.  “You know why you're there.  Remember there are too many eyes watching.  Make it fast and quiet, you’re cleared on all measures.”
The Seventh cursed under his breath.
“I should shoot your man for losing me a huge payload.”
Yui studied Kian who stood in the middle of Central Station, seeming unconcerned.
“Don’t kill him,” Yui said, her tone, though quiet, dripped with menace.  “Hurting him a bit is okay.  He has cost us millions.”
“You're cold, woman,” the Seventh said.
Yui switched off the connection to the Seventh, her gaze still on Kian.  She understood he was the best, and that he wouldn’t be standing in such a visible spot without a plan.
“Toshio,” Yui called her assistant.  “Search surveillance, three-mile radius, all routes into the City.  Find out how he got in.  He is too calm, so he has a way out.  We need to capture Taewon to subdue him.  Retrace his steps.  Find me Taewon.”
***
Daven followed the map, his fingers wrapped tight around the steering wheel.  His torso felt tight, he imagined the bulletproof vest didn’t help matters.  Taking in a deep breath, he tried to relax.  Distracted by his thoughts, he almost ran a light.  Slamming his foot on the brake, he glanced in the rear view mirror.  Thankfully, there was no car behind him.
The phone on his lap rang, and he answered it on the first ring.
“Are you forgetting to breathe?” Kian asked in greeting, he sounded calm, his voice sending away the butterflies doing a merry dance in Daven’s stomach.
“How often do you do things like this?” Daven asked.
“Not often,” Kian said.  “I haven’t done it since Taewon.”
The light changed and Daven eased his foot off the brake.
“Where do you live, Kian?” Daven asked.
“I’m a wanderer,” Kian answered.
“That sounds lonely,” Daven said.  “Would you like a home?”
There was silence on Kian’s end.  Daven drove into a tunnel and he wondered if it had interrupted service.
“I—I’ve never thought about it,” Kian’s answer came after a while.  “I suppose it would be an interesting adventure to try.”
Daven smiled.
“I think you’d be good at staying put, and living.”
“You are so optimistic.”
“Apart from coffee—”
“Anyone following you?” Kian cut in.  “Look in the rear view mirror.  Tell me how many cars you see?”
“A few,” Daven said, wondering if he could manage high speed driving if someone was behind him.
“Anyone overlapping, or over speeding to get to you?” Kian asked.
“No.”
“Good.  They haven’t caught on.  How far are you?”
“Taking the roundabout, about two minutes out,” Daven said.
“Alright, Doctor.  We part here,” Kian said.
“Kian.”  Daven panicked, he hadn’t even said thank you yet.  “Wait—”
“Be safe.  I hope your information is worth it.”
The call ended just as Daven reached the turn into the ICC building.  He stopped the car at the gates, and stared at the guards coming toward him.  He had made it.  Daven felt his lungs constrict, making it difficult to breath.  He stared at white gates ahead.  All he needed to do was get in there, and this would end.
He could go back home to Naomi and the kids.  Forget working in war zones, and live a quiet life.  He glanced at the phone on his lap.
What about Kian?
A knock came on his window.  He glanced at the guard looking at him expectantly.  Daven rolled down his window.
“Afternoon, I’m Dr. Daven Noland…”
***
Daven was safe.
Kian stepped out of The Hague Central Station his gaze on the vans waiting at the curb.  The three men leaning on the vans stood waiting.  With Daven at the courts, Kian didn’t need to put them in danger, he'd needed to be sure Winston was trustworthy.
The burner rang and Kian answered it.
“Where are you?” Winston asked.
A man of average height, wearing glasses, dressed in khakis and a t-shirt emerged from the passenger seat in the middle van.  Kian didn’t think this man could protect anyone.  His tone sounded worried, anxious.  Winston was genuine, how rare and lucky, Kian thought.
“The Doctor is already at the courts,” Kian said.  “Sorry for playing a terrible game on you.  I’m worse than you on trust.”
“Who are you?”
“Someone with nothing to lose,” Kian answered, spotting the Seventh Operative to his left.  The man loved motorcycles too much.  “The Doctor is safe.  See that he stays that way.”
What he needed now was a fast way out.
“Wait, are you from Raja,” Winston started to ask.
Kian ended the call, dropped the phone on the ground, and crashed it with his boot.  The Seventh Operative stopped his motorcycle right behind the three vans.  Kian reached into his jacket, and got his gun.
The Seventh smiled at him.
“Give up,” the words were soft, said right behind Kian.
Kian’s grip on his gun tightened.  So, the target had changed.  Yui wanted him.  Looking up into the sky, he smirked, hoping Yui captured it good, then turned too fast, and struck the amateur behind him on the head with the butt of his gun.
The man fell to his knees hard, eliciting screams from the pedestrians walking out of the station.  Kian gave up all pretenses as twenty-two operatives came running at him.
***

Nine

In twenty-eight years, the one thing Kian understood, clear and with conviction, was that darkness dwelled deep inside him.  He embraced it, used it, nurtured it…because one could not crush life with a single twist of his hands and not have darkness swirling around the heart.
It turned him cold, made him efficient, and near hard to kill.  Problem was, the men after him felt the same.  Each one came at him without fear, determination in cold dark eyes.  Kian retaliated, holding a knife in his left hand, his gun in his right.  Damage was the key.  Injure vital points, Kian thought, as many as possible, and the body refused to function.  He fought dirty, using his gun while his assailants tried to stab him.  He shot into knees, inner thighs, slashed.  His right arm stung when one of them caught a lucky break.  Kian shut out all else and concentrated on surviving.
Kian breathed out hard when he paused to find only one remaining.  He stood in a circle of twenty operatives.  Each one mortally wounded, unable to move.  His clip had one bullet left.
The Seventh stood by his motorcycle, watching…. waiting.  His behavior made Kian wonder, but no matter.  Local police would descend soon.  They were his easiest getaway.
Kian lifted his right hand, the gun pointed at the only man still standing from the horde of operatives.  A young man, just joined the company, Kian thought.  There was hunger in his eyes.  Kian wanted to laugh.  He’d forgotten, unlike him, the men and women who joined Raja Securities chose to enter the organization.
“Walk away,” Kian said.
“Bringing you in will earn me points,” the young man said, his fingers gripped his gun too tight.
Still green yet, Kian thought.
“Don’t forget I gave you a choice,” Kian said, aimed his gun just as the young man pulled his trigger.
Kian fired his bullet on the same path as the young man’s, their bullets met, damaging each other, turning useless.  Dropping his now empty gun, Kian threw his knife, the sharp pointy end lodging into the young man’s chest, an inch away from his heart.
The damage would keep the young man down for a few months.  If they got to him in time, and the idiot didn’t pull out the knife, maybe the pain would force the punk to rethink his life choices.
In the distance, sirens filled the silence.  Bad decision to fight it out in front of the Central Station, Kian knew.  Too many frightened pedestrians, easy access for local police.
Kian turned to face the Seventh, who still stood out of the fight, not making any move toward Kian.  The idiots on the ground around Kian were expendable.  Kian jumped out of the circle of injured operatives with grace.  He had given none of them the chance to fire at him, one of the many lessons from his grandfather.
‘Never hesitate in a battle,’ Seiko would say, ‘lest the bullet be lodged in your belly before you can blink.’
Kian scoffed.  His taskmaster was cruel and right.
So, he wondered, what was with the Seventh, playing coy.  He heard them, before they came into view, two black choppers, with the serpent logo on their underbelly.  Kian cursed under his breath, hating the smirk on The Seventh’s face.
He broke into a run, contemplating going into the Central Station, but then the security team in there had locked the doors the moment gunfire started.  Kian had no choice but to hit the streets.  The two choppers carried Hunters: operatives who operated electro-magnetic nets.
Serious hardware, Kian thought as he heard the sound of one canisters fired.  There was no escape once those cords wrapped around a body.  He had never found an escape trigger, and he had tried to wriggle himself out of one while he still worked for Raja.
How clever of the Seventh, Kian thought.
The streets seemed empty, police rolled into the scene, giving chase when they saw him start running.
Up above, the choppers came faster, Kian ducked under a parked car as one of the canisters dropped on the sidewalk, missing him by luck.  The nodes dug into stone, the net crackling with energy as it electrocuted the ground.  Kian scrambled away from the car, kept running, crossing traffic without looking, jumping over road barriers.  The choppers hovered above him, the hunters seeking a clear shot.
Kian removed his jacket, as it slowed him down, dropping it on the ground as he ran.  Staying close to trees on the sidewalk, or hooded doorways.  The next street he came across left him wide open.  The police cars made a turn, their sirens ringing.  Kian watched the helicopters follow their path, no doubt already sensing his plan.
Shaking his head at the insanity protecting Daven was driving him to, Kian stepped out onto the road, oncoming police cars screeching to avoid hitting him.  He put his hands up and placed them behind his head.  The police cars came to a halt in a circle around him, the officers jumping out screaming for him to surrender.
The choppers hang back as Kian knelt on the tarmac and police officers ran to him, pushing him to the ground.
***
“They arrested Kian,” Daven said, pacing the length of Winston’s desk.
Daven still couldn’t believe that Kian willingly walked into the police arrest.  The incident was on every local television channel.  The headlines called Kian an assailant.
“They’re calling him a mad man, Winston.”
Winston replayed a security video from the Central Station.  In it, Kian fought twenty men, putting them down in under three minutes.  The men had come running at him, and ended up lying in a freaky circle around him.
“He shot twenty men,” Winston said.  “The police are not likely to release him without an investigation.  Do you know what’s worse?  No one is pressing charges.  Absolutely no one, does that make sense?  The police want answers—”
“I’ll give them,” Daven said, stopping, he braced his hands on Winston’s desk.  “How can he get me to safety, and end up arrested?”
“You weren’t there to see how dangerous he is,” Winston said, his gaze hard.  “He took down twenty men without flinching.  If those choppers—
“What choppers?” Daven demanded.
“The black choppers,” Winston said.  “They had the serpent logo on them.  Your man saw them and took off.”
“Oh God.”
Daven walked around Winston’s desk to look at the laptop.  He opened the files he had carted all the way from a Medical Camp in the middle of nowhere.  The files Kian hadn’t known he carried.  Daven opened one of the pictures on the screen and pointed at the black jeeps with the serpent logo on their sides.
“This logo?”
Winston gaped.
“Now do you believe me that they are after him because of me?” Daven accused.
Winston stared at the logo on the jeeps.
“You’re right and not.  He made sure you weren’t at the scene,” Winston said, stopping the video to study Kian.  “They might have been after you, but this,” Winston frowned.  “They want him.”
Daven stared at Kian too.  He had suspected all along that Kian worked for Raja Securities.  After the story about Taewon, the doubt disappeared, still the thought of Kian working for Raja Securities left his stomach twitchy.
“He needs our help.”  Daven stated, gripping Winston’s shoulders.  “We need a ton of evidence to make a dent on Musimbi.  Maybe he can help us.”
Winston winced.
“Is this your bleeding-heart speaking?”
“Yes.”  Daven nodded.  “If believing that will make you help Kian, then yes.”
Winston shook his head, and picked up the phone.
“I’ll see what we can do.”
Daven exhaled, hitting the enter button on Winston’s laptop to replay the video with Kian.  His stomach tightened, watching Kian in action.  Looked like the dodging bullets bit was real, Kian gave none of his attackers the chance to shoot back at him.  How long would he have had to train to shoot so fast?  To move that fast, to attack all those seriously trained men at once…and remain standing.  Then there was the knife-throw at the end that made Daven shiver.  The man in the video was different, not the Kian he’d kissed in an alley.
***
At the police station, Kian sat in a straight back, stiff metal chair, in a small room that made his skin crawl.  He kept his head down, his hair a mess, hiding part of his face.  Conscious of the security cameras in the room, Kian kept his gaze down, his hands fisted on the table.  The handcuffs bruised his wrists, kept him put.
Outside, phones rang, police officers walked in and out of rooms, doors slamming, buzzing doors, loud and whispered conversations.
How long did he have?  How much longer?
Kian closed his eyes, remembering the Seventh’s expression when Kian allowed the police to arrest him.  It was a promise.  Kian sighed.  Well, it might be taboo to be caught by the authorities, but it beat being zapped by the nets.  He didn’t need that kind of pain.  Shaking his head, he plotted his next move.
Getting out of the police station…
The door opened and Kian looked up.  Tendrils of fear snaked up his spine at the sight of the Seventh in a full suit with a briefcase in hand.  Behind him was the Inspector in-charge.
“Your lawyer,” the Inspector said.
Kian scowled as the Seventh walked in and closed the door, keeping out the police officer.  Fingers clenching tighter, Kian watched the man slide into the chair across him.
“You’ve kept me on my toes.  I have to say thank you for keeping things interesting.  This is the most exciting assignment I have had in a while.”
“Glad I entertain you,” Kian said.  “Are you here to move this process along?  I’m getting bored sitting here.”
“What is your plan?” the Seventh asked.  “To run once I get you released?  It won’t happen.  Yui is determined to get you.  You lost the organization a lot of money.”
“Do you always follow what Yui tells you?” Kian asked.
“It gets me what I want,” the Seventh said, sitting back, his gaze on Kian’s face.  “She is going crazy over you.  Who are you?   I should have gotten the order to kill you, not take you in after such a stunt.”
“I’m above your pay grade.”
“Bullshit.”  The Seventh scoffed.  “There are seven of us in the Top Tier.  You’ve decommissioned six of us, cleared out the highest paid, except for me.  You should be dead.”
The Seventh frowned.
“I have heard rumor of an eighth operative.  An unknown, meant to police the Top Tier.”
“Should you tell me so much about your organization?” Kian asked, looking around the room.
“No need to worry.”  The Seventh smirked and patted his briefcase.  “Our tech has improved.  We are quite alone in here.  Unless you count Yui, who is jacked in to my phone.”
Kian met the Seventh’s dark gaze.
“What do you want?”
“You.”
“You won’t get me,” Kian said.  “I’ll confess all to the foot soldiers out there.”
“It won’t hold.”
***
Nervous energy took Daven to the bathroom as the wait in Winston’s office drove him crazy.  Winston promised Kian would be released into his custody, pending an investigation.  Once that was done, Kian would have freedom to leave.
Daven let a sigh escape, anticipating seeing Kian again.  He walked back to Winston’s office, and paused at the door when he heard Winston talking to a team of men.
“There are no charges brought against him.  The video is the only evidence, as the victims have disappeared.  The police are in a quandary,” one of the men said.  “Especially now that a lawyer has appeared.”
“Fine, we’ll extract him from local police,” a second man said.  “We have more than enough evidence on our side to hold him under investigation.  Charge him with criminal offenses, the video is sufficient.”
“The lawyer must have come from Raja Securities.  They will get him out and make him disappear,” Winston said.  “We need to keep him somewhere they can’t reach him.  This Kian is not an easy person to hold in custody.”
“There is a second option,” the first man said.  “He trusts Dr. Noland.”
Daven froze, hoping Winston would shoot the suggestion down.
“Yes, he does seem to trust Dr. Noland,” Winston agreed.  “Kian will cooperate in order to keep Noland safe.”
“How long do we hold him once we get him?”
“Indefinitely,” Winston said.  “A man like that is a well of information.  He is dangerous, well-trained, and if we play it right, he will lead us straight to Raja Securities and their clients.”
Indefinitely?
Daven frowned, leaning on the wall outside Winston’s office, his thoughts on Kian.  Taewon had begged him to save Kian.  Did this constitute as saving?  Locking Kian up indefinitely, would that keep him safe?
Daven shook his head, and stared at the floor.
Kian who fought off assailants to keep him safe, escaped flying nets, and rogue cars.  Kian who loved coffee, and an eccentric man whom he tracked on a phone just to know he was safe.  Daven reached into his pocket and pulled out the white phone Kian had given him.
Once he entered the ICC hours ago, Daven tried calling Kian again, but the number refused to go through.  He stared at the little dot on the map steadily moving south toward Italy.  Daven wondered what Taewon would do in this situation.
“I couldn’t save him.  I hope you manage it.”
“How?” Daven whispered, staring at the phone.
Putting the phone back into his pocket, he glanced into Winston’s office, saw them still deep in their plans.
Deciding those plans would only clip Kian down, Daven turned away from Winston’s office and headed down the corridor.  He would go to the police station.  Not that he knew what he could do to help Kian, but he had to try.  He would not let it end this way.
“Hold on, Kian,” Daven murmured, as he took the elevator down to the parking lot.  “I’m coming for you.”
***
The Seventh folded his arms against his chest.  Kian fought a scowl.  The Seventh’s confidence irked him.  Which meant only one thing, Raja Securities had the Chief of Police’s weakness checked, probably the man’s family.
Kian’s record of arrest would disappear, and the Seventh would pull him out of the station, straight into a Raja Securities van.
“Okay.” Kian shrugged, the Seventh had him in a corner.  “Say you get me out the door, what keeps me from killing you?”
“Your Dr. Noland might be safe right now, but he has a family back in Oakland.  Those sweet, innocent children and the woman.  I might have fun with her first.  She’s beautiful, sexy—
Kian stood, jumping on the table in one move.  He had his handcuffed hands locked around the Seventh’s neck even as the man pushed up to his feet.  Kian held on when the Seventh turned around and fell back on the table, banging Kian’s back on the hard table.  Kian bit his lip, absorbing the pain even as the Seventh tried to break his back again.  Kian wrapped his legs around the Seventh’s waist, holding on, as the man tried to get him off.
The Seventh reached for his briefcase, and Kian tried to kick it out of the way.  Tightening his hold on the Seventh’s neck, straining to control the taller man, Kian bit his lip when a hard elbow dug into his stomach.  He grunted, his hold loosening, enough to allow the Seventh to reach for his briefcase.  It opened, and the taller man grabbed a silver syringe.
Kian dropped his legs to the floor, kicking the back of the Seventh’s left knee.  The Seventh stumbled forward, falling to his knees.  His grip on the syringe remained tight, and Kian gave a harsh cry when he felt the needle sting into his left upper arm.
Kian used his cuffs then, pressing them against the Seventh’s throat.  Using his weight, he put all the pressure he could around the Seventh’s neck and gave a harsh cry when he fell back with the Seventh’s dead weight on him.
His wrists stung, his breath came in short bursts.  Kian closed his eyes, tired.  Tired of running, tired of fighting, tired of dealing death.  Freeing his arms from around the Seventh, he pushed the man’s dead weight off him, and opened his eyes.
Panic swept through him when his vision turned hazy.  The contents in the syringe worked fast.  Kian cursed under his breath.  His hands moving over the Seventh’s body, he searched the man’s suit pockets for the handcuff key.  He found it on the inside pocket in the suit jacket.  It took him precious minutes to unlock the cuffs.  Once done, he got to his feet, clinging to the table.
Now to escape, Kian thought, walking to the door.
He just needed to make it outside the police station.  Better to pass out in an alley than in here.  Calling on years of focus training, Kian opened the door and started the long journey through the deadly maze of a police station.  One mistake and he would be back in custody.
His muscles felt like weighed-down lead when he found the locker room.  His brain muddled and his vision blurry.  He fought the darkness as he drew on a police jacket and pulled on a cap taken from an open locker.  Coming out of the locker room, he used the wall to keep balance.  He took one wrong turn, and almost gave himself away when he ran into four officers heading out.  They walked by him talking fast, and he followed them.  They led him to the exit.
Fresh air hit him hard but it wasn’t enough to stay the darkness.  His steps faltered, and a gasp escaped when a strong arm went around his waist, holding him up.  He started to fight off the owner of the arm, but even that seemed too much for his lead-heavy muscles.  He lost the battle to stay conscious, and the darkness swallowed him up whole, along with fear at the thought of seeing the inside of Raja Securities and his grandfather again.
***

Twenty-Fourth Winter
“He is dead.” Kian lied, meeting Seiko Raja’s gaze. “Burned to a crisp in the yacht.”
“You dare lie to me?” Seiko narrowed his gaze.  “What did that boy give you?  He’s changed you, Kian.  Turned you into a creature I don’t recognize.”
“I don’t understand what you mean.”
Kian stood rooted to the floor in his grandfather’s office.  He forced every muscle in his body to relax, took steady breaths to control his heartbeat.  His grandfather could read him like a book.
One mistake—
“Taewon is alive.” Seiko stated.
Kian fought the panic with ruthless control.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Kian said, keeping his tone neutral.
Seiko stared at him, then got up from his chair, walked around his desk and came to stand before Kian.  Kian met Seiko’s dark gaze, holding it, then his grandfather stepped back and hit him.  The punch across his face was hard, heavy enough to make him stumble back.  When his grandfather came at him with a second hit, Kian took it, allowing the force of it to drop him to the floor.  Blood filled his mouth as the third hit had him biting the inside of his mouth, Kian pressed his palms to the tiled floor and he let out a harsh sigh when his grandfather cursed and stepped away from him.
“Mrs. Kim wired the amount last night.  Forensics found Taewon’s DNA in the yacht’s debris.  What did you use?”
“I don’t understand what you’re saying,” Kian said, refusing to acknowledge his grandfather’s findings.
Seiko kicked him in the stomach then.
“You smuggled Taewon out of Tokyo, but we can’t find how.  Taewon is in the wind, all because he told you he loved you.  How pathetic does that make you?”
Kian closed his eyes, keeping his head lowered, not daring rise up when his grandfather wanted him on the ground.
Seiko crouched beside him and he felt gentle fingers touch his hair.
“Are you this desperate for love?” Seiko asked a sneer in his tone.  “Isn’t what I have built for you enough?  Don’t you understand the importance of your existence?  You cannot have any weakness, Kian.  You’re a Raja.  You must always show strength.”
Kian kept still, not moving.
“You have your mother’s heart,” Seiko said on a sigh.  “Weak and utterly useless, she never understood why you had to grow up the way you did.”
Kian refused to acknowledge his grandfather’s mention of his mother, his parents.  His parents whom he didn’t know, who he desperately wanted to know, but could never.  He feared them dead.  Still, Seiko mentioned them every time he wanted to subdue Kian.
Not this time, Kian thought.  Never again.
Taewon had given him strength to take back his own freedom.
Taking in a deep breath, Kian forced his anger, and fear back in to the deep box he hid in his chest.  Wiping all emotion from his voice, and his face, he sat back on his heels and met Seiko’s gaze.
“Kim Taewon left me a gift before he died,” Kian said.
“He’s alive.”
Seiko narrowed his gaze, studying him.
“He died screaming insults to Raja Securities.” Kian shrugged.  “He handed me a micro-flash holding information.  All the operations carried out throughout the organization’s existence.  He must have accessed our system when I was checking in.  Everything is so well documented.”
Seiko’s gaze hardened.
“Where is it?”
“I kept it safe.”
“Kian.”
“I’m leaving, grandfather,” Kian said, holding Seiko’s gaze.  “You will not send operatives after me, or try to stop me.”
“Or what?” Seiko scoffed.  “You’ll release that information to the authorities?”
“No authority will bring you down,” Kian said.  “That I’ve known for a while.  There are too many in office who owe you favors.  What gives you power, is the heavy veil surrounding Raja Securities, and I’ll burn that veil down if you don’t leave me be.”
“Kian.”
“I want a life without you,” Kian stated.
“You would dare do this?”
“I’ll do worse if you don’t let me leave.”
“He changed you!”
“Taewon opened my eyes,” Kian said, watching his grandfather rise to his feet.  “He gave me another option—”
“He destroyed my work,” Seiko cut him off, bitterness in his every word.  “If I find him, Kian, I will end him.”
Kian closed his eyes and bowed his head.
“Don’t talk ill of the dead, Grandfather.”
Seiko cursed under his breath.
“Where will you go?”
“Does it matter?” Kian asked, refusing to look at Seiko.
“Give me the flash,” Seiko said.  “Give it to me, and you are free to do as you please for as long as you wish.”
Kian lifted his head, then.  He knew Seiko well, knew that statement was bait, a test.
Getting to his feet, Kian wiped his mouth and shrugged.
“If I give it to you, you’ll send me back to the seventh sub-floor.  As you’ve done every time I made a mistake.  I’m not looking forward to a battle right now, so I’ll keep the micro-flash, Grandfather.  Don’t wait up for me tonight.  I won’t come home.”
Kian gave the man who raised him a short bow and turned his back on him.
He was at the door when Seiko spoke.
“When you come back to me,” Seiko said.  “I’ll make you crawl, Kian.  You will have to beg for mercy on your knees.”
Knowing his grandfather’s threat was real, Kian opened the door and left his grandfather’s office in a daze of fear and excitement…free for the first time in his life.
***
Until now….Kian thought as the fog cleared.  His tongue felt heavy, and wooly.  Kian swirled his tongue in his mouth, it felt like he had cotton in his mouth.  He did not open his eyes, needed to keep the pretense of being under until he better understood his position.  Gods, if Yui’s people had him, he was in for a battle and a half.  His muscles ached, his head ached…miraculously, he felt…comfortable.
The mattress soft, the sheets caressed his skin like silk, the scent in the air clean.  He frowned.  Opening his eyes, he stared at the white ceiling.
A gentle hand pressed against his forehead, and he blinked when Daven’s face came into view.  Elation flooded him, almost paralyzing him.
His throat too dry, the best he could do was stare into green eyes, his heart beating a mile a minute.
“You have been out for two days.”  Daven brushed strands of hair away from his forehead, and leaned over him.  “Gave me a fright when you passed out at the police station.  I thought you were dead.”
Kian closed his eyes, and swallowed, hard.  He rubbed his tongue against the roof of his mouth, finally getting rid of the taste of cotton.
“You?” he managed to croak out, his gaze on Daven.  “How—?”
“You’re not the only one with tricks up your sleeve.”  Daven gave a soft sigh, pressing a kiss on Kian’s forehead.  “I upset Winston when I spirited you away.”
“Where are we?”
“Amsterdam,” Daven said.  “In a hotel room.”
“Under whose name?” Kian asked, sure they needed to move.
“Relax.”
Daven placed his hands on Kian’s shoulders when he would have moved.
“I paid cash, called in the reservation using a fake name, and checked in alone.  No one knows you’re here.”
Kian closed his eyes relief making him feel weak.
“Doctor, you surprise me.”
“I know how to protect too,” Daven said, his tone teasing.  “Kian, you’re hurt.  A gush on your right arm, a cut on your left side, your back has dark bruises and I can’t tell what they injected in you without lab tests.”
“A sedative,” Kian murmured.  “Powerful enough to bring down an elephant in two minutes.  I have used it before on my targets.  I’ll be tired for a few more hours yet.”
Daven started to get up but Kian held on to Daven’s right arm, stopping him.
“Please—,”
Kian broke off because he didn’t know what he wanted.  The relief that he wasn’t in Raja Securities custody was making him stupid.
“Can I get some water?”
Daven sat on the side of the bed and reached for a glass of water on the side table.  Kian closed his eyes when Daven leaned over him, slipping an arm around his shoulders to help him up.  Kian focused on drinking water, soothing his throat.  Then his brain tuned to the fact that Daven wore a t-shirt and shorts, and held him too close
Kian rested his head on Daven’s left shoulder.  He turned his face into Daven’s t-shirt, taking in his clean scent.
Daven placed the glass on the bedside table.
Kian forced his muscles into motion, curling in closer into Daven.  Daven allowed it, wrapping his arms around Kian, holding him as though he held a child.  How absurd to think of it that way, yet Kian drank in the comfort of Daven’s embrace.  Daven’s presence dispelled the fear swirling in the depths of his stomach.  His heart thundering in his ears when Daven pressed his chin on top of Kian’s head and rocked him.
“You took a few years off my life,” Daven confessed in the silence.
“How did you know to come to the police station?”
“The whole damn country watched you get arrested,” Daven said.  “You made quite a sensation shooting up a storm at Central Station.  I almost had a heart attack watching those helicopters hurl those nets at you.  Jumping into tunnels, running in traffic…,” Daven sighed.  “Can you not do these stunts again?”
“If I didn’t, I wouldn’t have made it,” Kian answered.
“Still—”
Daven shook his head.
“Hiding is okay, Kian.”
“If I hide, they would find you,” Kian said.  “They’re already threatening your sister in-law.”
“Naomi is safe,” Daven said.  “I called her this morning.”
“Have her go on a trip,” Kian said.  “Tell her to take the kids to some happy fun-filled place.”
“Why?” Daven asked, sinking fingers into Kian’s hair, he tagged Kian’s head back until Kian had no choice but to look at him.
“I met the man in charge of your contract,” Kian said, the darkness calling again.  “I was contemplating letting him take me in, until he threatened your family.  We fought.  I don’t know how much damage I caused him after he injected me with the sedative.  I can’t tell if I killed him or made him pass out.  If he recovers…”
Kian sighed.
“I wanted to be able to keep Naomi safe for you,” Kian murmured, then drifted off.
***
Daven watched Kian sleep, his arms tight around him.  Seeing Kian this way, asleep and vulnerable, unnerved him.  This man who had fought off assailants, escaped flying nets, and been arrested for his sake…Daven traced a finger over Kian’s jaw.
No wonder Taewon had begged him to save Kian.
“What are we going to do with you?” Daven asked in a whisper.
Daven touched the corner of Kian’s lip.  The red bruise small compared to all the others he discovered decorating Kian’s body.  Daven pressed his lips to the small bruise, kissing the painful skin, the caress gentle.
Daven closed his eyes, savoring the feel of holding Kian, his thoughts returning to two days ago.
On the ride from the ICC courts to the local police station, two things set him on a different path, the same path as Kian, he supposed.
The first, he betrayed Winston.
Winston, who only wanted justice for innocent souls, and to put a deadly organization down, had wanted to take Kian into custody for the sake of their investigation.
Daven couldn’t bear the thought of Kian behind bars, indefinitely.  He just couldn’t.  So, he walked away determined to get Kian to safety.
Driving out of the courts was easy.  No one cared about the ones leaving, Daven scoffed.  The harder task was finding the police station holding Kian.  When he did find the police station, he had stood outside wondering what to do next.  Then as though fate was showing him the way, Kian walked out of the police station.
It was the cap, Daven thought.  He recognized Kian because of the cap, the angle of Kian’s jaw.  He had spent enough time studying Kian’s face on their ride into The Netherlands.  Then Kian’s steps faltered and Daven panicked hurrying across the street, reaching Kian just as he started to fall.
“It’s me,” Daven said, when Kian started to pull out of his arms.  “It’s Daven, Kian.  Don’t fight me, or we’ll attract attention.”
“Daven,” Kian slurred.  “Doctor, you shouldn’t…be here.”
“Have I told you I find it sexy when you call me Doctor?”
“Being watched…,” Kian continued as though he hadn’t heard him.  “The Serpent…wants me…must get away.”
Daven hoped Kian was just paranoid as he walked them across the street to the car.  Opening the passenger side, he helped Kian into the passenger seat.  Buckling him in, he reclined the seat then shut the door.  Hurrying around, he entered the driver’s side and started the engine.
Glancing at Kian, he panicked when he saw blood on Kian’s dark t-shirt.  Pushing the police jacket aside, Daven pulled up Kian’s t-shirt and cursed when he saw the cut on Kian’s left side.
It was deep, bleeding.
Reaching in the backseat, Daven got a sweater he’d dumped there and pressed it against Kian’s side.  The pressure jolted Kian out of the depths.  Daven had to grab Kian’s hands as they reached for his neck, ready to fight him off.
“Kian.” Daven kept his voice steady.  “It’s Daven.  I’m not hurting you.”
“The doctor,” Kian slurred again.  “Shouldn’t be here…Naomi in danger…must protect her.”
Kian passed out again, this time, turning lifeless.  Worried, Daven pressed two fingers to Kian’s carotid, seeking a pulse.  Relieved when he felt one, Daven covered Kian’s wound and drove out of the parking spot determined to keep Kian safe.
The second decision, Daven thought now, was Kian.
Stroking a finger along Kian’s jaw, tracing the small bruise on Kian’s lip, he sighed.  Of course, he was the crazy bastard who decided to fall for a man who only knew how to get hurt and bruised.
Shaking his head, Daven shifted, and carefully helped Kian stretch out on the bed, making sure he was comfortable.  Daven pulled the sheets over Kian, and got off the bed.  Taking the phone on the bedside table, he walked to the windows, and dialed Naomi.
“We’re headed to Disney World,” Naomi said, when she answered the call.  “You’re on speaker phone, Uncle Daven.”
“Uncle Daven,” Zena said, her voice full of delight.  “Mom is taking us to see Mickey Mouse at his house.”
“And the Pirates,” Aram said.  “Have you met a pirate, Uncle Daven?”
Daven couldn’t help the smile.
“No, I haven’t, Aram.  Be sure to ask him about his gold teeth.”
“Argghh…aye, Captain, I will,” Aram said, imitating a pirate with a laugh.
“What will you buy me, Zena?” Daven asked.
“A magic carpet,” Zena said.  “So you can ride it and come join us, fast.”
Daven pressed his face into the curtains, closing his eyes at the love the kids gave him.
“Will you come meet us, Uncle Daven?” Zena asked, her voice full of hope.
“I’m working on it,” Daven said.  “I miss you guys.”
“Miss you too,” both Zena and Aram said.
“Can I talk to Mommy now?”
“Yes,” they both chorused.
A second later, Naomi spoke.
“We left early in the morning.  I didn’t tell anyone we were leaving.”
“Good,” Daven said, his gaze going back to the bed where Kian still slept.  “I’m sorry about this, Naomi.”
“Hey, don’t apologize.  If this makes you come back home faster, I’ll do anything.”
“I’m working on it,” Daven said, though now he wasn’t sure he could make it back.  What with walking out on Winston, and hanging out with an Assassin.  “Naomi, even if I don’t make it home, I’ll make sure you and the kids are safe.”
“Don’t say that to me,” Naomi exploded.  “Just don’t, Daven.  I have three office spaces ready for you to check when you get back.  I’ve even gotten a lawyer to help with the legalities of setting up your practice.  Don’t you dare let me down, Daven Noland.  Find a way to get back home, or so help me…”
“I’m sorry,” Daven said, his gaze still on Kian.
“I’m going to end this call now,” Naomi said.  “You will call me in twelve hours, and I hope you’re more positive then.  Stay safe.”
She ended the call with that and Daven took in a deep breath, letting it out slowly.
***

Ten

The next time Kian opened his eyes it was to find Daven asleep beside him.  The only light in the room came from a lamp in the corner on Daven’s side.  The curtains were drawn tight, no chance of anyone looking in.
Kian shifted to his right side, happy to find he was no longer as tired as before.  The pain from his wounds was numb, and his vision was clear.  He had slept off the sedative.  Using his left hand, Kian traced the length of Daven’s nose, careful not to touch.  He did not want to wake Daven, yet.  His gaze shifted to the dark stubble on Daven’s jaw.  Dark and soft, Kian traced his fingers over it, coming to a stop on Daven’s bottom lip.  Remembering their kiss in an alley, Kian found himself touching Daven’s soft lips, wanting to taste again.  Wondering if he had the right to want it, want something this precious…want Daven…
He blinked when gentle fingers closed over his left wrist.  Meeting Daven’s sleepy green gaze.
“Hey,” Kian murmured after a while.  “Didn’t want to wake you up.”
“You didn’t,” Daven said with a small smile.  “I was resting my eyes.  Waiting for you to wake up.  How are you feeling?”
Kian tried to move his hand away, but Daven held on.
“Better,” Kian said.  “Alert again, not tired.”
“That’s something,” Daven said, with a sigh.  “After all you went through, I expected broken bones.”
“I told you I’m a professional.”
“Yeah, you did.”
Daven tightened his hold on Kian’s left wrist and shifted closer to Kian.
Kian exhaled when Daven’s lips were an inch away from his.  Meeting Daven’s gaze, the urge to take despite the danger they both faced took hold.  Burned through him, raging until there was no choice but to close the distance between them and take.
He was the one to seal their lips in a needy kiss.  When Daven responded, giving him entry, he locked his arms around Daven’s neck.  Caught in a raging storm, Kian kissed Daven like a man starved, wanting everything at once, now that he didn’t know how long they had.  Gods, how much longer would he have?  How many more kisses would he get?  What if this would be the only time?
Daven gentled him, stroking his hands up and down Kian’s back, meeting his eager need with matching passion.  Kian sighed when Daven broke their kiss to help him out of his t-shirt.
Grabbing Daven’s, Kian tagged it off just as eagerly.  He gave a happy moan when they were skin to skin.  Kicking away the sheets, Kian hissed when Daven’s hands passed over the raw wound on his left side.  Daven responded by rolling him to his back.  Kian closed his eyes as Daven trailed kisses down his chest, to his nipples, licking them, then sucking on them hard.  Sinking fingers into Daven’s dreadlocks, he released the thick tresses from their hold, and arched when Daven’s lips trailed down his stomach.  He moaned when Daven swirled his tongue over his belly button, hands trailing to his hips.
Then Daven shifted, and Kian’s fingers slipped out of his hair.
Daven pulled Kian’s boxers off, and Kian bit his bottom lip watching Daven kneel between his legs to study him.  The study was new, intimate, he rarely allowed it with his lovers.  Most times, he wanted a fast fuck, getting the edge off, and walking away.  This, however, watching Daven study him.  It felt different.  He was naked, while Daven retained his shorts.  He was open, nothing hidden, Daven’s gentle fingers, a healer’s fingers raced over his thighs, drawing a gasp from Kian.  The gentle caress maddening as it paused on sensitive skin.  Kian moaned when Daven bent down to press a kiss on a bruise on Kian’s inner thigh, then on another, and another, on and on it went, kisses on little bruises he hadn’t known he had.  Each kiss setting him on fire, making his cock hard and weeping, begging for Daven’s attention.
Kian tried to sink his fingers into Daven’s hair and direct him to his cock, but Daven escaped direction, instead torturing him with gentle kisses and strokes on his body designed to drive him mad.
When Daven finally took him into his mouth, the world ceased.  Well, the world outside, the universe they’d created on the bed bloomed.  Kian sank his fingers into Daven’s hair, his hips jerking into Daven’s mouth, his cock steeped in white scorching heat, then Daven sucked him hard and he gave in, coming with a harsh cry as Daven swallowed him.  He felt boneless afterwards, his cock sensitive, even as Daven licked it with gentle strokes.
Daven lifted his head from Kian’s cock, and gave him a small smile.  Kian reached for Daven then.  Daven paused only to remove his shorts, kicking them away.  He lay over Kian, his heavy cock hard against Kian’s stomach.  Kian kissed Daven then tasting himself, reveling in the feel of Daven’s skin against his.  He wrapped his legs around Daven’s waist, and moaned when he felt Daven’s cock stroke at his entrance.
Their coming together took time, pleasurable time, Kian thought he would go mad with Daven’s preparation.  The man was huge, and it had been a long time before Kian took anyone.
Never enough trust, he thought.
Not enough to allow this, Kian met Daven’s gaze, as Daven stroked into him, slowly, relentless, giving Kian all of him until they were joined as one.  Daven had his hands braced on each side of Kian, his muscles taut with control.  Kian touched Daven’s jaw, then sneaked his hand behind Daven’s neck to pull him down.  He didn’t want space between them, he didn’t want gentle, he wanted it all, and as he kissed Daven, he moved his hips, taking Daven all the way in.  Wrapping his arms around Daven, he moaned into their kiss as Daven took the hint and surged into him hard, again and again, taking and giving until their breaths came in harsh gasps, and Kian shouted his second release.  His orgasm triggered Daven’s, and Kian held Daven as he came apart in his arms.
After, they lay in bed, wrapped in each other, Kian explored Daven’s body, discovering little scars on his lover’s golden brown skin, kissing them too, he licked a small birthmark on Daven’s left hip, and smiled when Daven’s cock hardened in his hands.
They fell asleep, and when Kian woke up again, it was to find the pillow next to his empty.  He sat up fast, afraid it had all been a dream.  He knew he was lost when he saw Daven walk into the bedroom and his heart skipped with numbing relief.
“Hey,” Daven said, coming in from the living room carrying a tray.  “I got food.  You must be starving.”
“For you,” Kian said, loving the sight of Daven in only a pair of faded jeans.  “You had more clothes in that duffel bag than I thought.”
“Unlike you,” Daven said, placing the tray on the bedside table, he leaned down and took Kian’s lips in a sweet kiss.  “I can’t find any clothes for you.  Not that I want you dressed.”
Kian watched Daven settle beside him.  Daven took the tray from the bedside table and placed it on the space between them on the bed.  He uncovered two plates revealing omelets on whole wheat bread, bowls with mixed fruit, two glasses of fresh orange juice and coffee for Kian.
“I told them to make sure the coffee is the best they have,” Daven said, moving the cup closer to Kian.  “Otherwise my boyfriend will hate it and not come back here.”
Kian chuckled, taking the steaming mug.  He brought it up to his nose, taking in the sweet aroma.  The taste was good, not perfect, but good enough.  He met Daven’s gaze.  Despite the state of the coffee, he was excited by the fact that Daven had called him ‘his boyfriend’.
What a marvelous dream that was.
“They did okay,” Kian said, placing the mug on the tray, hiding his excitement.  “And you’re right, I’m starving.”
Kian took a slice of his omelet sandwich, biting into it with relish.  They ate in silence, and when they were finished, Kian sat back, rubbing his stomach.  He met Daven’s gaze and grinned.
“Finally,” Daven said, moving the tray to the bedside table.  “Your smile makes an appearance.”
Kian laughed.  If this was happiness, he didn’t want to leave this room and find out what came next.  Sitting here, watching Daven drink orange juice, he could live with this.
“Aren’t you going to ask?” Daven asked after a while.
Kian shook his head, not ready to think of the future.
Daven’s gaze made him wary of the discussion.
“Fine, then I will tell you,” Daven said.  “Why I want you to let me stay with you, even if I know you will want me to head home.”
“Home is safest for you,” Kian said.
“There is a villain in the South of Somali known as Musimbi.  Musimbi is a war monger who preys on innocent villages.  I watched him massacre an entire village for the sake of money.  He used mercenaries to do this dirty work.  Mercenaries from an organization named Raja Securities.  I could do nothing but take pictures of his handiwork.  So, I promised to deliver that evidence to Winston so that Musimbi could be stopped.  This is why they wanted me dead.”
Daven squeezing Kian’s hand.
“Thanks to you, I handed everything I had to Winston, and wrote a detailed statement that implicates Raja Securities, enough to pull them out of the shadows.  Winston will stop Musimbi.  My obligations toward a quiet village in the middle of a desert are done.  There is nothing more I can do now.”
“Daven.”
“I know you work for Raja Securities,” Daven continued.  “I know what they are, saw their work in Somali.  I saw you fight them at The Hague. I know what you come from, Kian.”
“No, you don’t.”
“Yes, I do.” Daven reiterated, meeting Kian’s gaze, holding it.  “I know and I’m here with you.  Do you understand what I’m trying to tell you?”
Kian broke their gaze, staring into his coffee mug instead.  His heart clenching tight as he realized it was time to tell Daven the truth, wishing there was a way to avoid it.
“My full name is Kian Raja.”  Kian refused to look up to see Daven’s reaction.  “That villainous Raja Securities you say you know belongs to my grandfather, Seiko Raja.  He trained me from age six to take over.  If you were looking for the head of the Serpent that would be me.”
Kian looked up to find Daven still sitting close to him.
“And?” Daven asked, his expression unchanged.  There was acceptance in his green eyes, no sense of disgust, or anger.  Just acceptance, it terrified Kian.
“What do you mean, ‘and’?”
“You’re the heir to a horrible organization.  What does that change?”
“Everything, Daven,” Kian said, shaking his head.  “You can’t stay with me.  Taewon couldn’t, and you can’t either.  Think of Naomi and her kids who are waiting for you.  My life is not mine, no matter how much I run, they always find me.  I have nothing for you.”
“Are you afraid they’ll kill me?” Daven asked.
Kian looked away from Daven and pushed his fingers through his hair.
Daven moved closer, taking Kian’s coffee mug, he placed it on the bedside table.  He took Kian’s hand, and squeezed.
“You don’t think I noticed?” Daven asked, reaching up to touch Kian’s jaw.  A soft touch that had Kian meeting Daven’s probing gaze.  “Granted, Taewon noticed it first, but once he pointed it out, I couldn’t ignore it.”
“Noticed what?” Kian asked.
“Your feelings for me,” Daven said, softly.
Kian scoffed and tried to look away from Daven.  Daven wouldn’t let him.
“Daven.”
“Kian,” Daven said on a smile.  “Taewon told me you never help anyone without knowing them.  You must have watched Naomi’s house for a while.  Discovered everything about me, and my family.  Then there was you placing yourself in danger for me, over and over.”
Kian started to protest, but Daven stopped him by kissing him.
“Not to forget the kiss in the alley, before you went to face those bastards.  When I got to you at the police station, you were mumbling about saving Naomi.  Wanting to save her for me, keep her safe,” Daven said against his lips.  “You wouldn’t care for my family if you didn’t have feelings for me.”
Kian pressed his forehead into Daven’s shoulder.
“My feelings mean nothing to you, Daven,” Kian said, in a whisper.  “They’ll only bring you pain.  Or have you living like Taewon.  I can’t be responsible for that.  I won’t see you on the run.”
Kian pushed Daven away from him.  He got off the bed, and reached for the boxers Daven had thrown on the floor.  Wearing them, he picked up his jeans still stained from the fight two days ago, or was it three days, he didn’t know the time.  Wearing the stained jeans, he turned to find Daven watching him.
“This is not a game I’m playing,” Daven stated, a frown dancing on his forehead.
“I don’t think it is a game.”  Kian gave up on the t-shirt he’d worn.  The blood stain was too visible.  He dropped the t-shirt on the armchair, and reached for the hotel robe.  He needed to cover up.  The fun part was over.  It was time to move forward.
“Kian—”
“Staying with me will get you killed, Daven.  Is that what you want?” Kian asked, his hands at his hips as he faced Daven.  “If it is, tell me.  It will be disappointing after all I’ve done to keep you alive since Oakland.  Aren’t you thinking of Naomi, and her two kids?  Imagine what they’ll go through if you’re dead.”
“That’s not fair.”
“Life is not fair,” Kian stated.  “If you stay with me, you’ll only see the worst of it, and none if it will resemble any kind of fairness, Daven.  If you’re done with The Hague, we should get you on the next flight out of Schiphol to California.  Go be with your family, open that practice Naomi keeps talking about.”
“You’re trying to hurt me, push me away.”
“I’m telling you what will keep you alive.”  Kian pointed at the bed.  “What we did on that bed, shouldn’t mean anything to you, Daven.  I—”
Kian broke off, hating the fact that he needed to do this, needed to give up what he’d found in Daven’s arms.  What he would never find again.
“I missed sex,” Kian said, his tone harsh.  “After all the adrenaline, and the fighting, you were a great outlet.  Now it’s over.  Go home, Daven.  I’ll make sure Raja Securities does not come after you.”
Kian turned away from Daven, and started for the living room determined to find the car keys.  He remembered keeping a change of clothes in the trunk.  After Daven was on a plane home, he needed to drive back to The Hague to get his duffel bags from the Central Station.  Then he’d find the farthest island possible and sleep for a week.
Damn it, he hadn’t meant for his break up with Daven to turn so darned ugly.  Cursing under his breath, he found the keys on a small table in the living room, and was reaching for them when Daven grabbed his arm.
“Hey,” Kian protested as Daven led him to the couch and threw him on to the comfortable cushions.
“Thank you for that horrible statement.  It was hurtful and downright mean.  Now it’s your turn to listen,” Daven said.  “You weren’t the only one in that bed, Kian.  I won’t have you cheapen our night together to sex as an outlet.  If that’s what you think, you need a serious education on lovemaking.”
“Daven—”
“I’m not done,” Daven said, his tone leaving no room for argument.  “You’re going to have to work harder to chase me away, Kian.  I’m not Taewon, who will do what you say without a fight.  I keep what’s mine, and I’m claiming you, Kian Raja.  Deal with it.”
***

Eleven

“Claiming me?” Kian stared at Daven and felt a chuckle bubble out.  “Your innocence level is too high for me."
“Scale the damn wall, because I’m serious.”
Kian folded his arms against his chest.
“Okay,” Kian said.  “Think two steps ahead.  Where do you see us in the next two weeks?  Hm.  Do you see me in your perfect home in Oakland, making breakfast, running errands, and going out shopping to the mall?”
“That sounds right,” Daven said, with a nod.  “I even see us going on a few dates.  We can rent a house to start, somewhere close to Naomi.  I want us to be part of the kids’ lives.  Mostly, Kian, I see you with me.”
Kian nodded.  Daven’s dream was beautiful.  Yes, a small part of him wanted it, wanted that life Daven so easily painted with his words.
“Here is my reality.  I might have killed the guy in charge of your contract.  I can’t be sure because my memory is a mess thanks to the sedative.  For that alone, Raja Securities will set everything aside to capture me, not that they haven’t already.”
Kian scowled.
“The thought of it puts me in a bad mood, because unless I dig a hole and hide in it, they will find me.  When they do find me, life will get messy, Daven.  You can’t be around me because they won’t hesitate to end you.”
Daven perched on the coffee table.
“This is good, we’re having a discussion.  That’s what I want from you, Kian.  Sensible discussion.”
“Are you listening to me?  Which part of what I have said is open for discussion?” Kian asked, holding Daven’s gaze.  “Maybe my English is not translating.  Should I try explaining it in Japanese?  Will you get it then?”
“Funny,” Daven shook his head.  “I get it, Kian.  You’re in trouble.  Worse than mine, at least mine has ended.”
“Your sister is on the move because she can’t be in her house.  Your original problem still exists.”  Kian took Daven’s hand, remembering the Seventh’s comment about Naomi and the kids.  “It seems angry assassins are the devil.  I need to find a way to keep you safe.”
“What about you?” Daven asked, squeezing his hand.  “Kian, do you think of ways to keep you safe?”
Kian stared at their clasped hands.
“I’m the one people have to stay safe from,” Kian answered.  “You keep forgetting it.”
“Taewon told me he tried to save you, but couldn’t.  He asked me to try.  Watching you, seeing you get hurt, I’m inclined to try, Kian.”
Taewon talked too much.
Kian kept his gaze on their clasped hands.
Daven’s hold was gentle, yet firm, possessive.  He couldn’t remember the last time anyone had simply held his hand.  The simple connection was a luxury he dared not covet.  His grandfather would harm anyone he dared keep.
“When I saved Taewon, he thought I’d go into hiding with him,” Kian said.  “I broke his heart when we parted in Tokyo.  I couldn’t keep my promises, so I never went back to him.  Instead, I asked Lina to watch over him.”
“If you loved him, why didn’t you go back to him?” Daven asked.
“Because…,” Kian closed his eyes.  “Raja Securities is in my blood, my life.  Taewon gave me a gift that helped me break off for a while, but—”
Kian broke off, the realization hitting him so hard he squeezed Daven’s hand.
“Taewon’s gift helped me breathe for a while, but I’m not free of Raja.  I was always going to go back,” Kian finished, lifting his head to stare at Daven.
He could not fix Daven’s problems from the outside.
Why hadn’t he seen that?
Why?
Yui finding him, her sending him to look for Daven.  She had known he would work to keep Daven safe.  Known he would end up at The Hague.
Kian let go of Daven’s hand.  He got up and paced away from the couch, hands at his waist.  His thoughts on the Seventh standing on the sidelines while he put himself on center stage with the authorities…
Why?
“I—”
Kian frowned.
“You said my arrest was on the news.  That’s how you knew where to find me?”
Daven shifted on the coffee table to look at him.
“Yeah, major news, dubbed terrorist attack, damn newscasters—”
“Where is the phone I gave you?”
“On the bedside table,” Daven said, nodding to the bedroom.
Kian felt a clamp lock over his heart as he forced himself to walk slowly to the bedroom.  The white phone was on the bedside table.  His hands trembling, Kian took it, sliding his thumb over the screen.  He found the app he was using to track Taewon’s progress.
“If you’re worried about Taewon, that red dot has been stationary in Geneva,” Daven said, following him.  “I hadn’t checked until this morning when I woke up.  They must have stopped for a good rest.”
Kian turned away from Daven and took in a deep breath, fighting to control the panic.
They shouldn’t have stopped.  Lina knew the protocol, keep moving, until they heard from him.  Geneva was too close, tapping the red dot, Kian bit his lip.  Taewon’s car had stopped at the airport in Geneva.
“Kian,” Daven touched his left arm.  “Everything alright?”
No, he wanted to say.  ‘They shouldn’t have stopped at all.’
“Yes, all is fine.”
Clearing his throat, Kian closed his hand over the phone and turned to Daven.  He forced a smile, and leaned up to kiss Daven’s jaw, then his lips.
“Hey, will you do me a favor?” Kian asked, keeping his tone light.
“Anything,” Daven said.  “As long as you don’t ask me to leave you.”
Kian nodded, worry stabbing through him.  He held up the keys he’d taken up earlier.
“Fine,” Kian said.  “I left a change of clothes in the trunk.”
“I checked,” Daven frowned.  “There wasn’t anything—”
“The trunk has a false bottom,” Kian said, with a small smile. 
Daven grinned.
“Why didn’t I think of that?”
“Lift the carpet, you’ll find a compartment stashed with stuff.  I just need the clothes.”
“Alright,” Daven nodded.  “I have some cash; I’ll pick up toiletries from the shops downstairs.  Don’t disappear on me, Kian.  I’ll be really upset.”
“Not going anywhere,” Kian said, his grip on the phone tightening.
“Ten minutes, and I’ll be back,” Daven said, giving him a worried frown.  “Take a shower, and then we can plan our next move.”
Kian nodded and watched Daven hurry out of the bedroom.  He waited until the outer door closed, then brought the phone up.  Hitting one on the dial pad, he called Lina.  One ring, two rings, she was supposed to pick on the third.
She didn’t.
Kian started pacing the length of the bed.
Four rings, five, six, seven…Kian closed his eyes, unable to breathe.
“Kian Raja,” Yui answered the call.  “It’s taken you too long to realize my game.”
Fire red heat swept through him.
“I want to talk to him.”
“Kim Taewon is safe with your grandfather,” Yui said, a smile in her tone.  “Picked him right off the line as he tried to board a flight to The Netherlands.  Your dramatics at The Hague made quite an impression on him.  He wanted to get to you.”
“If you hurt him—”
“I will remind you that legally, Kim Taewon is dead.  What can you threaten me with, Kian?”
“I’ll burn it down,” Kian said, meaning every word.
“Burn what down?” Yui sighed.  “Raja Securities?  That’s ambitious, isn’t it, Kian?  Enough chitchat.  Your grandfather is anxious to see you.  I’ve worked so hard to bring you back, but you made it impossible.  If it weren’t for your grandfather, I might never have found the key.”
“The key?” Kian frowned…of course.  This was his grandfather’s game.  “He knew the only way for me to come in is to get Taewon.”
“Taewon has three days to live from this moment.  You’ve taken out all my top agents, so think of Taewon as insurance.  I’ll have a plane waiting to pick you up in Schiphol in twelve hours.  Don’t disappoint your ex-boyfriend.”
Yui ended the call first.
Kian stopped, staring at the phone.  He started to throw it down, to destroy it, to stop Yui from tracking him, but stopped.
What was the point?  Yui knew he would meet her team.  Taewon was in his grandfather’s hands.  Kian had no choice but to return to Raja Securities now, if only to save Taewon.
Putting the phone in his pocket, Kian’s gaze shifted to the bed.  His thoughts on Daven and the dreams the man painted.  Oh what dreams, he had wanted to believe they would come true.
Kian wiped a hand down his face, replaying Yui’s conversation.  She had said, ‘picked him’ not them.
What about Lina?
Kian got the phone fast and logged on to the email he used to contact Taewon.  A soft breath escaped when he found a message from Lina.
‘Taewon in trouble.  Raja has him.  Heading to the Netherlands to find you.  Please tell me where to meet.  Worried.’
Kian rubbed his forehead, and resumed his pacing.  Going back into Raja, meant he needed to find a place to keep both Lina and Daven safe.  If he told Daven about Taewon, Daven would insist on wanting to help.  Lina would also insist on helping.
Not good, both of them would only hamper his efforts.
Kian threw the phone on the bed, and walked to the windows.  Pulling back the blinds, he stared out into a sunny morning.  As though to mock his bad fortune, Kian scowled at the beautiful scenery.  In another lifetime, he would have wanted to walk with Daven along the streets of this charming city, taste flavors and breath in the scents.
Turning back to look at the phone on the bed, Kian thought about Yui’s warning.  He had twelve hours to get to the airport.  Twelve hours…a sort of truce, he supposed.  A windfall before hell descended.
Looking out at the city, Kian made his decision.
***
Daven worked fast, getting Kian’s change of clothes from the car, barely batting an eyelash when he found a pair of guns, ammunition and a set of knives hidden with the clothes.  Leaving the weapons in place, Daven locked the car and headed back into the hotel.
On the first floor, he detoured to a shop where he could buy deodorant and a shaving kit for Kian.  Black caps with the Amsterdam logo captured his attention.  Kian liked wearing caps.  Maybe from habit, or trying to stay unnoticed, the caps were a part of Kian.
Daven touched the closest one, checking the price tag.
“Your dreadlocks are hard to forget.”
Daven’s hand dropped away from the cap, and he turned to find Winston standing a few feet away.
“Guess no need to ask how you found me,” Daven said, his fingers tightening on the bag he held.
Winston flashed him a short grin, looking around the quiet shop.  Daven spotted the two men who had been discussing with Winston the afternoon he left Winston’s office.  They stood guard outside the shop, their gazes restless.
“Afraid I’ll bolt?” Daven asked.
“Daven.”
Daven gave a small sigh shifting closer to the caps.  He took a black one checking the size.
“He’s with you, isn’t he?”
“I don’t know who you’re talking about.”
“Don’t do that, Daven.  You and I have seen too much.”  Winston scowled at him.  “There’s a Europol taskforce on his trail.  Hard to avoid after the show he made at The Hague.  Raja Securities is done, we need him—”
“It’s not fair,” Daven said, refusing to meet Winston’s gaze.  “He is a victim.”
“People like him always are at the start,” Winston shrugged. “Then they learn to survive, and turn dangerous.  He trusts you.”
“So?”
“I need your help.”
“I’m not going to help you arrest him,” Daven said, shaking his head.
“I don’t want to arrest him,” Winston smiled.  “I don’t have the authority anyway.  How long do you think he will stay by your side, Daven?”
Daven frowned at his friend.  Winston was playing on his doubts, and they were many.  Remembering Kian’s comments about them being together, how skeptical Kian was about the idea, Daven worried Winston judged right.
“I know you like him—”
“It’s more than like,” Daven said, staring at the cap.  “I can’t explain it to you in a way you would understand.”
“You met a man who saved your life multiple times.  He is handsome, and dangerous, of course, you fancy yourself in love with him.”
Daven scoffed.
“You make it sound so simple.”
“Isn’t it?”
“No.” Daven looked at the two men still standing outside.  “This is not going to work.  I’m not going to help you.”
“The only reason we found him is because of you,” Winston stated.  “He walked through a police station, not one camera caught him.  If you hadn’t appeared at the front of the police station steps, and taken him to your car, he would have gone unnoticed.”
“Why are you telling me this?”
“He will leave you,” Winston said, his gaze enough to tell Daven that Winston was certain.  “He probably fancies himself in love with you too.  And to protect you, he will leave you.”
Daven closed his eyes, refusing to believe Winston.
“No.”
Daven started to step back, but Winston grabbed his elbow, stopping him.
“I need you to tag him.  That’s all, Daven.  You can thank me later.”
“Why would I thank you for betraying my boyfriend?”
“When he disappears, which he will,” Winston reached into his pocket, pulled out a small clear paper with a small brown pill inside and held it out to Daven.  “This will be the only way to find him.”
Daven stared at the tracker, not taking it.  He refused to do this to Kian.  Shaking his head, he took the cap to checkout.  When he was done paying, he started to leave the shop but Winston stopped him.
“I’ll slip this into your pocket,” Winston said, pushing the little paper into Daven's jeans pocket.  “Trust me, Daven.  I’m really on your side, and if he is a victim as you say, then his too.”
Daven moved away from Winston, and hurried out of the shop.  His thoughts in a jumble, he hurried upstairs to their hotel room.  He slammed in to the room, and headed straight to the bedroom, searching—
Kian emerged from the bathroom, rubbing his damp hair with a towel.
The relief that flooded through Daven had him dropping his bags and moving to wrap Kian in a tight hug.
“Hey,” Kian said, his hands still up.  “Everything okay?”
Daven closed his eyes and breathed in Kian’s clean scent.
“I worried you’d leave.”
Kian dropped his towel, and brought his arms around Daven’s shoulders.
“I’m here.”
“Yes.”
Kian patted his back, and then leaned back to look at Daven.
“Wanna go walking with me?” Kian smiled, that devastating smile that left Daven stunned.  “It’s a beautiful day, and we’re in Amsterdam, a city I’ve never visited.  We should make memories.”
Daven studied Kian, confused.
“What about Raja—?”
“We left them at The Hague.”  Kian waved his hand with a shrug.  “We have a few more days before they think to look elsewhere.  Come on, Daven.  I heard the pancakes are delicious here.  Should we find out for ourselves?”
Daven thought of Winston and his men downstairs.  They wouldn’t arrest Kian, would they?  Winston had said they wanted to follow Kian.  Glancing at the open windows, Daven frowned.
“I don’t know, Kian.”
“I thought you trusted me,” Kian said, cupping Daven’s face in his cool hands.  He leaned up and kissed Daven.  “We need to have more to remember about this place than fights and gunshots.”
“True,” Daven nodded.
Kian kissed him again.
“You talked about dates, I got curious.”  Kian smiled.  “I’ve never been on one.”
“Ever?” Daven frowned.
“None that mattered to me,” Kian said.  “None I’ve wanted.”
Well, when Kian put it that way, how could he say no?
“I got you a present,” Daven said, remembering that Kian said he never got a present in his life.
Kian glanced at the bags on the floor.  Moving out of Daven’s arms, he hurried to them.
“Toothpaste?” Kian asked a minute later, holding up the toiletries Daven had bought.
“No dummy,” Daven laughed and took the bag with the cap.  He pulled it out with slight dramatic flair.  “You’re always wearing caps.  I thought you would like this one.”
Kian sat on the edge of the bed, and took the cap with a grin.  He touched the ‘I Amsterdam’ logo, and looked up at Daven with a wide grin.
“Thank you.”
Daven decided then to give Kian a gift every day.
After Kian dressed, they left their hotel room in a jovial mood.  To Daven’s surprise, Kian left the cap behind.  Hair held back in a low ponytail, Kian looked relaxed, an excited mood clung to him like a thick cloak.  Daven smiled when Kian took his hand and led him out the front door, and into the sunny day.
They explored the city with abandon, taking boat rides on the canal, getting off at different spots to taste wine, eat pancakes, and pastries.  They explored two museums, and bought ice cream, arguing over flavors.
The evening came too fast, finding them on a boat ride back to where they started.  They sat on a bench in the open air.  Daven had his arm over Kian’s shoulders as they watched the sun paint the sky over the water.
“Hours turn magical with you,” Kian murmured, turning to press his face into Daven’s shoulder.  “You make me wish for unattainable things like futures.”
Daven rubbed Kian’s arm.
“Anything is possible, Kian.”
Kian sighed, and reached up to poke Daven’s chest.
“Who taught you to stay so positive?”
“My Dad,” Daven said, pressing his chin on the top of Kian’s head.  “I wasn’t always an easy kid growing up.  Got bullied a lot when I was young.”
“Give me names of those who would dare bully you,” Kian said, his tone a tad too serious.
“Are you going to go after them?”
“Yes.”
Daven glanced down at Kian, and found him smiling.  “Are you pulling a joke on me?”
“No,” Kian shrugged. “I really would go after them and show them what bullying looks like.”
Daven sighed and squeezed Kian’s arm.
“My father beat you to it, but after he got me to stand up to them alone.  He taught me to change circumstances,” Daven smiled, thinking of his father.  “Encouraged me to go into the MSF when I couldn’t handle my brother’s death.”
“Naomi’s husband,” Kian said.
“Yes.  I loved him, and couldn’t imagine him gone.  For a longtime, the souls I saved in those lost places kept my mind away from the numbing grief.  The harder it was the better to keep my thoughts occupied.  Like a fool, I worked my way into the mess in Somalia.”  Daven sighed.  “Then again, if I hadn’t done that, I suppose I would never have met you, Kian.”
Kian remained silent, then asked, “Your father is Killian Noland, right?”
“Yes.”
“What does he do?” Kian asked, his tone thoughtful.
“Businessman,” Daven chuckled.  “One who is eternally aggrieved by the fact that none of his sons are going to take over the fortune he’s amassed.  I became a doctor, and my brother is now gone.  Maybe we can hold it in trust for the kids.”
“There is nothing wrong with a doctor running a business,” Kian said, stretching his legs.  He shifted on the bench, until he laid his head on Daven’s lap, his eyes closed.  Daven brushed back strands of hair that had escaped Kian’s messy ponytail.
“What about you, Kian?” Daven asked, studying Kian at rest, committing every little detail to memory.
“What about me?”
“Who is your father?”
“Don’t know,” Kian answered with a small shrug.  “Nor my mother.  There’s only my grandfather.”
“Why would he train you to take over Raja Securities?”
Kian opened one eye to look at him.
“Do you really want to discuss that?”
Daven bit his lower lip, looking at the gorgeous scenery.  The peaceful nature of their evening.  He didn’t want to ruin it with talk of Raja Securities.
Still—
“There will be plenty of time to tell you,” Kian said, reaching up to rub the frown on Daven’s forehead.
“Promise?” Daven asked.
“I promise,” Kian said with a slight smile.
“You said you never lie.”  Daven reminded him.  “When we first met.”
“I know,” Kian held his gaze.
“Alright,” Daven nodded.  “We’re almost there, what do you want to do after this?”
“Hmm…,” Kian smiled.  “A dinner date?”
“You want to have a dinner date.”
“Yes.”
“Formal or informal?”
“Which one is more romantic?” Kian asked.
“Formal,” Daven answered.  “Even more so, when there is dancing involved.”
“You just want to see me in a suit.”
“Or we could stay in our hotel room and you can wear no suit, no clothes at all.”
“Insatiable lover,” Kian teased.  “I’ll wear the suit and dance.”
Daven laughed, delighted by the idea of Kian in formal wear.  Leaning down to kiss Kian’s forehead, he knew that this day was one to remember a lifetime.
They bought suits in a shop close to the hotel.  Getting ready took longer, because Daven delayed the process in the shower.  There was nothing sexier than making love in that huge shower stall.  Kian in the throes of passion was beautiful to watch, beautiful to kiss, and take.  Daven loved every inch of him, and the needy moans Kian gave right before he came.
Their dinner date was fun.  They ate fish, fancied up by the hotel chef.  Talking about their adventures, and cities they could visit together one day.  After dessert was cleared away, they sat at the small table set in their hotel room living area, enjoying the night.
“More wine?” Kian asked, already tipping the bottle to Daven’s glass.
Daven took the wine glass and sipped.
“I think you’re trying to get me drank.”
Kian took his glass, touched it to Daven’s.
“We haven’t danced,” Kian said.
“There’s no music,” Daven sighed.  “They really couldn’t bring the orchestra into our hotel room.”
Kian chuckled.
“Just as well.  I don’t really like dancing, Daven.”
“Then why did you want to go on a formal date, and dance?”
“Lovers dance,” Kian answered, placing his glass on the table.  He reached out to take Daven’s left hand, across the small table.  “I thought we should do what everyone else does.”
“Why do you say it like that?”
Daven turned his hand so that Kian locked their fingers together.
Kian’s gaze remained on their clasped hands.
“Because, you’re a healer.”  Kian rubbed his thumb over Daven’s knuckles.  “I’m a death dealer.  Anyone looking at us would surely think we don’t fit.”
“We fit,” Daven said, tightening his hold on Kian’s hand.  “We fit, Kian.”
Kian looked up, finally meeting Daven’s gaze.
“Yes, to my surprise,” Kian said, his tone full of longing.  “This is why I need you safe, Daven, safer than anything I’ve ever valued in my life.”
Daven blinked when for a second it seemed like there were two Kians.  Shaking his head, he wondered if he really hadn’t drunk too much.
Only two glasses—
“I’m sorry,” Kian murmured.
Daven’s vision blurred again, and he gasped.
“You drugged me.”
Kian let go of his hand and stood.  It took some effort, but Kian managed to get Daven out of his seat, and into the bedroom.  Daven felt groggy, and it was a relief to lie down.  His heart beating too fast, Daven clung to Kian’s arm, his fingers digging into the suit jacket.
“Don’t leave me,” Daven slurred.  “Stay, Kian.”
“I’m going to protect you.”  Kian kissed his forehead, then his eyes, then his lips.  “You have my heart, Daven Noland.  Always will, no matter where I go.”
Tears stung the back of Daven’s eyes, because he couldn’t say the words back.  Couldn’t tell Kian he loved him because the drug made him forget how to speak.
“You won’t be alone too long,” Kian continued in a gentle tone.  “Someone will come help you.  Go home to Naomi.”
Taking a chain from around his neck, Kian lifted Daven’s head, and slipped the chain around Daven’s neck.
“When you are awake, and can think clearly,” Kian said, his voice a whisper.  “Take what’s on this chain to your father.  He will know what to do.”
Daven tried to fight the fog, tried to speak out his protests and reach out to hold on to Kian.  But…his muscles were too tired and numb, his eyes started to close.  Kian didn’t move, simply sat on the side of the bed, waiting…
Daven fought hard to keep his eyes open, until oblivion took control and pulled him under.
***
Kian kissed away the tear sliding into Daven’s hair.  Wiping the rest with his fingers, he made sure Daven was comfortable, and then changed out of the suit they bought together.
Back in his t-shirt and jeans, Kian stood watching Daven for a long moment, hoping to God this wasn’t the last time he was seeing him.  He left the car keys on the bedside table.  The only thing he took was the cap Daven gifted him.  Pulling it over his head, he stole one last kiss and left the hotel room.
***

Twelve

“Daven.”
For a moment, Daven thought he was back home, and Naomi was waking him.  Two firm shakes on his shoulders dragged him out of the blissful comfort of sleep.  Rubbing his eyes, he shifted on the bed and sat up when he found Lina perched on his right side.
“What are you doing here?”
“Glad you’re finally awake.  He must have given you a sleeping pill.”
Daven stared at her, then glanced down at his dress shirt and fear slammed through him.
“Kian.”
He sat up fast, forcing Lina to stand and give him room.
Daven ran into the living area to find their glasses of wine still sitting on the table they used last night.  Digging his fingers into his hair, Daven looked around the hotel room.
Kian had really left.
“Daven,” Lina said, following him and he whirled on her.
“Why are you here?”
Lina moved to perch on the edge of the closest armchair.
“Kian’s gone back to the Serpent.”
The Serpent, meaning Raja Securities, fear lodged deeper in his chest.  He had hoped that Kian was maybe going on the run, maybe taking on some crazy idea to hide…but going back to the people who made him—
Was that the reason they spent the day together yesterday?
Kian saying, ‘We should make memories…’
“Oh God,” Daven shook his head.
“They have Taewon,” Lina said, fear clear in her eyes.  “It was my fault.  I fell asleep and when I woke up, I found Taewon had detoured to Geneva because of a news report.  One minute we were arguing in the car, the next, he was on the line at the airport determined to get here.”
Lina shook her head, pushing hair out of her face, her fingers trembling.
Daven forced himself to pay attention to what she was saying.
“Geneva?” Daven asked.
“Yes, keep up, Daven.”  Lina scowled at him.  “Taewon wanted to board a flight to the Netherlands.  Raja Securities men grabbed him off the line.  They don’t know me, so they didn’t touch me.  But God, seeing them take Taewon, being unable to do anything.”
Daven cursed under his breath, remembering Kian’s odd reaction after seeing the stopped tracker.  Kian kissing him, then urging him to go get his clothes from the car.
“He knew,” Daven cursed.  “Kian knew and he didn’t tell me.  Instead, he made us traipse all over the city—”
Daven let out a string of curses and rushed back to the bedroom.  He needed to call Winston.
Lina followed him.
“Kian left you a message.” Lina held up a folded paper.  “I found it on the table with the wine glasses.  He insists you head back home.  I’m supposed to make sure you board a flight to California, take you to a Naomi’s house and make sure you stay.”
“Fuck no.”  Daven removed the white shirt he wore and threw it on the bed.  He needed to find the phone, and start making calls.  “I asked him not to make decisions for me, but here he is-, hell no.”
“It’s dangerous to do different, Daven,” Lina said, her tone too somber.
Daven stopped looking for the phone, sparing Lina a glance.
She looked…defeated, like a deflated balloon.
“What the hell is wrong with you?” Daven asked.  “Aren’t you worried about Taewon?’
A flash of anger raced through dark eyes and he felt relief.  He needed her on his side.
“Don’t start an argument with me,” Lina hissed.  “I’m going out of my mind not knowing where to start.  With Kian shutting me out, I’m left with taking care of you.  I’m beyond worried, Noland.  I’m pissed.”
“Great, at least we’re on the same page,” Daven said, realizing Kian had taken the phone.  “I can handle pissed, Lina.  We’re going to need it to get through the next few hours.  I’m afraid my damned boyfriend is going to get himself killed.  I can’t let that happen.”
Not now, Daven thought grimly, right when he discovered a love he wanted to keep.  He was not going to let Kian ruin it by going off to die.
Daven took a clean t-shirt and jeans from his bag, then hurried into the bathroom.  He took a quick shower, letting the hot water sober him.  When he was done, he dressed fast and entered the bedroom.
“I’m not going to California,” he stated, when he found Lina still standing where he left her.  “Let’s get that straight first.”
“It’s your life.”  Lina shrugged.  “Saves me time.  I need to track Kian and Taewon down.  Finding Raja Securities is hard.  I’ve only ever heard of them.”
“I can help with that,” Daven said with a slow grin.  He hurried to his bag and packed up essentials.  “Kian is not the only one with plots up his sleeves.  We need to find a disgruntled UN official.  I need to go do some groveling, you’ll help.”
“I don’t grovel,” Lina stated.
“Touch luck,” Daven said, slinging his duffel bag over his shoulder.  He paused by the bedside table to take the keys to the car Kian gave him.  “We’re going to need to turn into world class groveling champs to get the help we need.”
Walking out of the hotel minutes later, Daven paused at the front doors when he saw Winston leaning on a blue jeep.  Winston pushed his dark eyeglasses up, and waved at him.
“Someone you know?” Lina asked, beside him.
“Yeah,” Daven said, elated and relieved.  “Looks like we don’t have to search too hard.”
Lina followed him to meet Winston.
Daven stopped a few feet away from his friend.
“Are you going to say ‘I told you so’?” Daven asked.
“Later, when you’re not expecting it.  Who is this lovely creature?”
Winston righted his dark glasses, and turned his attention to Lina.
“Someone who doesn’t care for flattering comments,” Lina answered.
Daven bumped her shoulder.
“Be nicer.”
Lina scowled at him, then flashed Winston a small smile.
“Forgive her,” Daven said, patting Lina’s head.  “This is Lina.  She’s a friend.”
“You’re making all sorts of friends these days,” Winston teased.  He turned a wide smile to Lina.
“Well, Lina, Daven’s friend.”  Winston opened the back-passenger door and waved her in.  “Ladies first.”
“Where are we going?” Lina asked.
“You’ll see,” Winston said, when she tossed her bag into the back seat and got in.
Daven got in the front, and shifted to look at Winston when he got behind the wheel.
“Tell me,” Daven said, hopeful.
Winston started the car, and didn’t speak until he joined traffic.
“First, let me ask, what changed your mind?” Winston gave Daven a skeptical glance. “You weren’t too happy when I suggested tracking him.”
Daven stared at boats on the canal with a frown.  Yesterday, being with Kian, watching him laugh, seeing him enjoy every second of their time together, had made Daven feel uneasy.  As though they wouldn’t have another chance to be happy.
“Isn’t it enough that I slipped the pill into his drink?” Daven asked.
“You did it in the afternoon,” Winston pointed out.  “The tracker came online while you two were on the canal.  You didn’t know he was going to leave.”
Daven remembered nervous energy coursing through him when he slipped Winston’s pill into Kian’s coffee on one of their stops off the boat.  It was still a miracle that Kian swallowed it without pause.  Daven had visions of Kian pausing to spit out the nude-colored pill, and holding it up at him with questioning eyes.
The relief and the guilt were in equal measure when none of that happened.
“Well, for whatever reason you did it, I’m glad.”
Winston tapped his finger on the steering wheel.
“You gave us time to set up our systems.  He moved too fast when he left the hotel.  We would have lost him without the tracker.”
Daven breathed out relief.
“Where is he?” Daven asked.
“Do you have your passport?”
“Yes.”  Daven turned back to look at Lina.  When she nodded yes, he turned to Winston, eager to find Kian.  “Where are we going?”
“Japan.”
***
On his twenty-eighth year, as the summer came to an end, Kian returned to the valley of his childhood.  He stared at the river flowing through the valley, not with a child’s gaze but that of a man.  His soul no longer pure, but marred…stained irrevocably by the worst to be found in the human condition, tangled in deception, thievery and murder.
The young boy who had once lived here, running along the river chasing after goats when he could, and swimming in the river would think the worst of him.
Be afraid of him, Kian thought.  Think him damaged and foul.
That boy would take one look at him and feel betrayed.  For Kian had become exactly what his grandfather wanted.  He made no effort to escape the disabling influence that was Seiko Raja.  Made no effort to change his future, as that boy would have wanted him to when he was able.
Well, Kian sighed, testing the zip ties on his wrist.  They were tight, his hands locked behind his back.
He had tried escape, Kian thought trying to appease that young boy’s memory.  He went into a different world for four years.  Moved across the globe, keeping away from Seiko Raja as best as he could.  He had lived away from the life for four strange years, seen all that he could of the world.
Until Daven Noland.
The doctor with a good heart and green eyes that made him want to be good, want to remember his childhood dreams.  Despite what Seiko Raja turned him into, he had used it for good, somehow.  He was here now to keep a man he loved safe, and rescue another he cared for.
That mattered, didn’t it?
The young boy from the past would have to accept that much.
There was nothing to do about the rest.
“Did you miss it?” Seiko asked him.
Kian refused to look at his grandfather.  His gaze remaining on the river.
“I thought you might,” Seiko continued, his tone pleased.  “You loved this river.  Whenever you went missing in the compound they found you here.  Swimming, or sleeping on the bank.  It was hard work to get you to forget those habits.”
Kian kept his silence.  His memories caught between bitter and sweet.  Thinking about his distant past, it was clear now, his grandfather taught him to hide his true feelings.  Taught him that being free with his heart could cost him all he valued.
“Taewon brought those habits back, showed you how to rebel.  I should never have insisted you take the Seoul contract.  He ruined my work.”
“In the lifetime we’ve not seen each other, is that what you’ve thought about, Grandfather?”
“That, and how to punish you for leaving me,” Seiko said with a sigh.  “Now that I see you in front of me, it hurts me to think of you in pain.”
“You never had such a weak heart before,” Kian scoffed.
“I said that it aches to think of you hurt, not that it won’t happen.”
Kian turned then to look at Seiko.
“I came quietly,” Kian said.
“You came after making a mess,” Seiko sighed.  “The incident at The Hague has us in the spotlight.  Quite inconvenient for us when we thrive on secrecy.”
Kian wanted to see Taewon, but he had known it would take time.  Seiko had two burly men guarding Kian’s every step.  On any scale, a scuffle with these two would leave damage.  He needed to stay fit until he knew where they held Taewon.  The fight to get Taewon out would take everything he had.
Everything, he thought with a grim sigh.
Returning his gaze to the river, Kian decided everything was worth the price.  The least he could do for Daven, Naomi and her children.  His sacrifice for their happiness and freedom was a fair trade.
The boy in the past would approve.
Kian straightened his shoulders, letting his gaze roam the lush valley he once loved.
“Ah…Grandfather, has age turned you into a reminiscing fool?  Why are we in a compound I haven’t seen since I was seventeen?”
“I brought you here to remind you of your roots.”
“Sounds like sentimental crap.”
“Pushing my buttons?” Seiko asked with a chuckle.
“Am I?” Kian asked.
“Don’t bother.  Kian, coming home has a price.  Raja might be yours but you gave it up once.  I’m going to punish you for that first,” Seiko said, nodding to the two men. “Take him inside.  Make preparations to find what I need from him.”
Kian kept his expression blank, even as the two men grabbed his arms and led him toward the main compound.  His grandfather wanted to teach him a lesson, draw out his anger, and Kian refused to give him the satisfaction.
Kian let the men holding him do the work.  They practically carried him into the bunker-like building used to hold captives and traitors.  Surgical light in every corner, the floor concrete, with only thin mattresses placed in the middle of the three cells walled with thick glass.
Taewon stood in the middle cell staring at him in shock.
Kian grinned in relief as Taewon pounded the thick glass door, tears spilling down his cheeks.
The two men holding Kian paused outside the thick door of Taewon’s cell.  A buzz filled the room and the door slid open.  Taewon stepped back as the two men pushed Kian into his cell.  The glass door slid closed and Kian stood before Taewon.
“Why?” Taewon demanded, wiping tears with the back of his hand.  “I made the mistake.  You shouldn’t have—”
“Taewon,” Kian said with a small smile.  “You’ve gotten thinner.  Why aren’t you eating?”
Taewon scowled and pressed his palms on Kian’s chest.
“Bastard.  Idiot.  I thought you had a brain.  Why are you here?  What are you doing here, Kian?  Why?”
Kian let Taewon vent for a minute, then stepped closer to Taewon.  He met frightened dark eyes and wasn’t surprised when Taewon pulled him into a tight hug, then hard sobs followed.  It took five minutes for Taewon to calm down.  When he did, Kian sat on one side of the thin mattress, legs folded, his hands still locked behind him.
“Aren’t they going to free your hands?” Taewon asked.
He sat across Kian, restless and nervous.  His eyes blood shot from all the crying.
“They have us locked in a cell.  What do they think will happen?”
Kian looked at the corner, where a camera was mounted on the outside of the cell.
“They’re afraid I will cause damage.”  Kian frowned at the camera sure that Yui was watching him.  He turned to Taewon.  “I’m going to get you out of here, Taewon.  Do you believe me?”
Taewon looked around the thick glass walls of their cell.  He was in a thin t-shirt and jeans.  They were dirty, and it was obvious he had not gotten a chance to clean up.  He shivered, rubbing his arms, unsure of Kian’s words.
“Taewon.”
Taewon looked at him, and Kian held his gaze.
“Do you trust me?”
Taewon nodded.
“Say it,” Kian said, needing Taewon to believe him.
“I trust you, Kian.”  Taewon gave him a wan smile.  “I’m sorry too.  For making you come back here.”
“It’s not your fault,” Kian said.  “I was bound to come back.  Can’t keep running forever.”
“Kian.”
There was fear in Taewon’s voice.  No hope in his eyes.
“If you look at me that way, I’m going to wish I still had kissing rights with you.”
“Don’t you?” Taewon asked, a phantom smile curving his lips.
Kian thought of Daven then.
The heat of their kisses, their bodies tangled together, Daven’s love washing over him…his heart ached at the thought of never feeling it again.  Meeting Taewon’s gaze, Kian shook his head.
“I see you faced your truths,” Taewon said, with a wistful smile.  “Does our handsome Daven with a bleeding heart love you back?”
Kian chuckled.
“Why do you call him that?”
“He is a doctor, Kian.  One that relied on your brand of skills when his work landed him in trouble.  I’m guessing he’s going to keep your life interesting.”
Kian studied the mattress, remembering Daven’s pleading gaze as he fought the sleeping pills the night Kian left.
“I drugged his wine, told him I cared and that’s why I was leaving him in a strange bed in some hotel.  I’m a bastard.”
“You are a bastard,” Taewon agreed with a chuckle.  “Gosh, I bet he’s angry with you.”
“He’ll be angry for a while, but he’ll go home to his family.”
“You wish,” Taewon said.  “He’s not me.”
“Huh?”
“I said your Doctor is not me,” Taewon said.
Kian frowned.
“When you brought him to Paris, he hid in the bathroom, talking about people dying in the middle of an African desert.  I figured a guy able to stand up to that could take on a man like you, Kian.  He’s strong.”
“You are too.”
“I’m not,” Taewon said, staring at the glass walls around them.  “This is breaking me already.  I’ve cursed myself a billion times for not listening to Lina.  She must be so worried.  I left her—”
“Taewon,” Kian said, his tone gentle.  “Lina is with Daven.  She’s safe.”
“I left her.”  Taewon’s eyes filled with tears and spilled down his cheeks.  “She loves me and I left her like you left me.”
Kian stared at Taewon in shock.
“Do you know painful that is?” Taewon scoffed.  “Of course, you don’t.  You have no idea how hard it is to worry about someone you care about.  Otherwise, you would not have stayed away from me the way you did.  Poor Lina, she probably can’t think straight because she’s blaming herself.”
Kian kept his gaze on the mattress aware there was nothing he could say that would make Taewon feel better.  Stuck in a cell together, any assurances would sound empty.
Kian lifted his head.
“Taewon, do you wanna kiss me?  I’ll let you do it, if it will make you feel better.”
Taewon scowled at him.
“Do I look that pitiful?” Taewon asked, anger replacing the dejection.  “Kian Raja, don’t think I’m a desperate fool in need of your pity.”
“Pity?  Why should I pity you?  I’m told I’m a pretty good kisser.  Daven loves kissing me—”
“Are you boasting right now?”
“I’m only pointing out, that I’m sorta trussed up here,” Kian said, indicating his tied hands.  “If you wanted to take advantage…I’m helpless to fight you off.”
“Helpless,” Taewon scoffed, shaking his head in a laugh.  “You’re about as helpless as a shaved lion.”
Kian smiled then, glad to see Taewon’s mood changing.  He locked away the sight of Taewon laughing, then Kian’s shoulders tensed when he saw two guards walk in.  The glass doors opened and Kian got to his feet fast, Taewon following suit.
Kian moved in front of Taewon to guard him, but the two men were not interested in Taewon.  They grabbed Kian’s arms, and dragged him out of the cell.
“No matter what,” Kian said to Taewon, stalling the two men from dragging him out.  “I'll get you free, Taewon.  Do you hear me?”
“Kian—”
“Trust me, Kim Taewon.”  Kian ordered, and allowed the two men to take him.
Kian turned to watch the glass doors slide closed.  Taewon stood staring at him, fear in his eyes.  Kian decided it would not be for too long.  The cells would be the safest spot for Taewon right now.
Kian took in a deep breath, vowing never to see fear in Taewon’s eyes again.
***
Tied and gagged, Kian gripped the armrests on the reclined chair, his gaze on Yui who paced around him.  Her arms held behind her back, every bit the wicked mistress in a red dress and heels that he could use as weapons.
“You kept him alive,” Yui mused, her gaze on a screen overhead, placed there so that Kian could see it even while tied to the chair.
They were watching the surveillance feed into Taewon’s cell.  Taewon paced the length of his cell, running fingers through his hair, agitated.
“You fooled everyone,” Yui said with a sigh.  “He must have been a hell of a lay for him to change you the way he did.”
Kian couldn’t talk.  Yui’s friends had gagged his mouth with a black ball that tasted like burnt plastic.
“I love a good romantic story,” Yui confessed, stopping to face him.  “I really do, Kian, and yours takes the top.  I never imagined a soft bone in your body.  This weakness is a surprise.  I’m a generous woman.  I will give you two choices.  One, I torture him to get answers from you, or two, I torture you, and you agree to give me answers.”
Kian stared at her.
“What?”
He rolled his eyes.
She frowned and then chuckled.
“Right, you need your mouth.”
Yui stepped up close, and spent a few minutes undoing the ball gag in his mouth. She placed it on a table behind Kian’s head, and grinned.
“I have idiots for minions.  What a pretty mouth you have,” Yui said, her thumb sliding over Kian’s bottom lip.
She leaned down and licked his lips, the sensation annoying him.
“I always wanted to do that.  When you first came to Raja Securities, you were young, bright, untouched.  It was wonderful watching you get corrupted by each mission.”
“I thought you wanted answers from me.”
Yui met his gaze, her hand dropped away from his lips and she frowned.
“Why did you let him change you?” Yui demanded.  “Why?”
“Taewon knows nothing.  Using him against me is useless.  He and I haven’t been together in years.”
“You saved him.”  Yui smiled.  “That’s enough to use against you, Assassin.”
“What do you want?” Kian asked, his tone bored.
He tested the ties on his arms and legs, tired of getting tied, cuffed and locked down.
“Your grandfather says you have an important piece that could destroy Raja Securities.  Any chances that you’ll just give it to me free and clear?”
“Is that why you have me tied to a chair?”
“No.  I like tying you down.  It makes me feel…,” Yui leaned over him.  “Happy?  No…let’s say powerful.”
“You like power, don’t you, Yui?”
“Very much,” Yui replied with a wicked smile.  “I have plenty of it, thanks to your grandfather.  Now, he says you have something that will take my power away.  You understand how that spoils my day?”
“Quite,” Kian said, with a short nod.  “Since we’re leaving Taewon out of this, why don’t we get on to the next part of the schedule?  What kind of torture do you have in mind?  Whipping?  Removing teeth?  Pulling my toenails?  I think removing teeth his perfect.  It’s painful, but you’ll be helping me reduce dentist charges.”
Yui’s gaze hardened.
“Do you think this is funny?”
“I hate this place, and I’m here.  So, no, this is far from funny, Yui-san.”
“You’re too eager for the pain.”  Yui shook her head.  “This is the biggest problem with you elites.  Your training killed the fear of pain and death inside you.  Do you want to know why I put you inside Taewon’s cell?”
Kian bit his lip, afraid he had misread the situation.
“In your hurry to soothe your man, you revealed much about yourself,” Yui said with a smile.  “More than I would have ever gotten with pain.  That man,” Yui pointed at Taewon.  “You came here for him.  So, I might not torture him, but I can kill him slowly.”
Yui moved to a console on his right side, and Kian turned his head as much as the ties around him allowed.  He watched her press down a red button, and twist on a regulator.  His gaze hurried back to the screen.  Taewon still paced in his cell.
“He won’t feel it,” Yui said, walking back to Kian’s side.  “No pain, or torture, just poisonous gas putting him to sleep for good.  He has twenty minutes, then he will have reached a point of no return.”
Rage soared, Kian wanted to rip Yui’s heart out with his bare hands.  His fingers in tight fists, he fought against the bonds holding him into the chair.  Shaking hard, his gaze on Taewon who was still pacing.
If Taewon could stop, Kian thought, desperate.
If Taewon could stop pacing, then he wouldn’t breathe it in too fast.
Yui moved into his line of vision, and hatred for her grew deeper.
“There’s a special kind of hell reserved for you,” Kian hissed.
“You too,” Yui replied, matching his tone.  “Where is it?”
“Turn it off, and I’ll tell you.”
“You’re not in a position to negotiate,” Yui said.  “Your grandfather would love that man dead.  You’re the only one who cares if he lives or dies.”
Kian cursed under his breath, seeing the truth in Yui’s gaze.  Closing his eyes, he wasn’t aware of the tears sliding down his cheeks until he tasted them.
“I’ll give it you,” Kian said, still struggling against the bonds around him.  “Yui, turn it off, and I’ll give it to you.”
She studied him, her gaze filled with surprise.
“Just like that?” she asked, her gaze moving to Taewon who had thankfully stopped pacing, fingers pressed to his temple.  “What did he do—?”
“Turn it off!” Kian ordered, worried.  “If he dies, I won’t forgive you, Yui.”
Yui sighed and moved to the console.  The red button went dim and Kian’s gaze went to Taewon who was now moving to sit on the mattress.  Probably lightheaded…Kian knew he needed to get Taewon out of there.
“Release me,” Kian said, looking at Yui.
“You can tell me from there.”
“Actually, I have to show you.  Hiding things from Raja is no easy matter,” Kian said with a slight smile.  “Show me to a computer, laptop, or workstation whatever…”
Yui studied him for a moment, weighing his words.  Then because she had no choice but to get the information from him, she came up to the chair and undid the locks on the ties holding him.  When he was free, she stepped back, her hand swiping a gun from the table behind the chair.
“Don’t get any ideas,” Yui said.
Kian jumped off the chair, rubbing the red marks on his wrists left there by the strong ties.  Shrugging the tension from his shoulders, he moved to the console, checking to make sure the poisonous gas would not release.
Turning to Yui, he smiled when she opened the door, and six guards walked in.
“Just in case,” Yui said, as the men surrounded Kian.  “Take him to the Operation Center.”
Kian was glad she went out first, he didn’t trust her not to turn on the machine while he wasn’t looking.  One last glance at Taewon on the screen, he allowed the men to lead him out into the maze of corridors.  The Operations Center turned out to be a large round room in the middle of the building.  Definitely larger than he remembered, a lot more staff at play.
Kian realized then that his grandfather had moved operations from the main tower in Tokyo to this compound.  Elation swept through him sending fresh adrenaline coursing through his veins.
Yui’s men led him to a workstation in the middle of the room.
Yui pulled out a chair for him, her men urging him to sit with impolite shoves on his shoulders.  Kian sat, scowling at them in irritation.
Imbeciles!
Staring at the keyboard before him, Kian looked at Yui then.
“Must you have this data?” Kian asked.  “Why don’t you let Kim Taewon go?  I’ll stay with grandfather for as long as he wants.  I might even consider being the heir he trained.”
“Being the heir is your burden,” Yui answered.  “I doubt you can push it aside much longer.  As for that data you’re holding hostage, think of it as the only lifeline Kim Taewon has, without it, your boyfriend is dead.”
Kian sighed.
“Well, you shouldn’t have said it like that, but I understand.”
Touching the keyboard, the screen came to life and he got to work.
Taewon had helped him set up a very private server, needing to find a way to keep the Raja Securities package data safe.  A small device could get lost at any time, or get damaged.  The server kept many secrets, and he didn’t need to carry it around.
Kian smiled as he set about accessing it.
When he was in, he brought up the information on his screen.
Yui hissed, and he glanced up to see Yui’s face and personal information on the overhead screen.  She hadn’t trusted him enough, and wanted his access into their own system monitored by her staff.  No matter, their surveillance gave him a way into the Raja system.
“Toshio,” Yui called.  “Check his information.  Make sure we have it contained.”
“Yes, Yui-san,” Toshio called from Kian’s right.
Kian knew then that he had less than two minutes left.  Toshio was highly trained, he would know what to look for, so Kian focused, his fingers typing fast.  He searched out Kim Taewon’s information on the Raja Servers, and deleted it.
He killed the surveillance feed in Taewon’s cell.  Taewon’s life needed to stay a mystery, forever if needed, after all, Taewon’s father was still President of a nation.  Kian did not want to take chances with Taewon’s life ever again.
Kian then worked on deleting all information and surveillance with his name.  With that in progress, he collected information on one Musimbi, who was currently in Geneva begging for aid.  He compiled endless lists of deals with Raja Securities, weapon sales, assassination orders, including pictures, video and voice recordings.
Packaging it neatly in one report, Kian highlighted Raja Securities in other connected cases currently at work.  The last thing to do was activate the connection created by Taewon on his private server to thousands of news portals online.
“Stop,” Yui said, her gun coming up to press against Kian’s left temple.  “Your fingers irritate me.  I’m nervous, Kian.  What are you so busy doing?”
“Giving you complete access to my server,” Kian answered, his tone light.  “I’m not tech savvy, it takes me time.”
“Toshio?” Yui called.
“We are good,” Toshio said.  “His list of operatives is more comprehensive than our own.  We’re going to need complete access to his server to contain it—”
“Get on with it,” Yui said, pushing her gun harder into Kian’s temple.
Kian scowled at her and started sending out packets of information around the world.  Raja Securities’ secret power was obscurity.  Kill that, and their power diminished.
No more hiding, Kian thought.  No more assassination jobs.  Dropping his hands away from the keyboard, Kian pushed his chair back, and met Yui’s gaze.
“It’s done,” Kian said.
“Toshio?” Yui asked, looking to Kian’s right.
“Yes, we have access,” Toshio answered his mistress, sounding pleased.
“Great,” Yui grinned.  “Take him to meet Master Raja.  I’m sure they have much to discuss.”
“What about Taewon?” Kian asked, as Yui’s men helped him up.
“That is a topic to discuss with your grandfather, Kian.  It is no longer my place to touch Kim Taewon.”
Kian dropped his head and hid a smile as Yui’s men led him out of the Operations Center.
Now the hard part, he thought.
Finding a way to leave this compound free of Seiko Raja.
***
Daven glanced up from the book he read on his lap.  Lina slept in the seat across him, a burgundy blanket wrapped around her.  They were ten hours into their flight to Japan.
Winston sat with his team, making plans Daven didn’t understand.  All he knew was that if their plans worked, Kian would be back with him, possibly.
The television on the wall overhead was on, tuned to an international news station.
The words ‘Breaking News!’ filled the screen, and the newscaster came on.  Minutes later, the screen filled with scenes of Geneva police making an arrest.  Daven got to his feet, moving to add the volume on the television when he recognized the man in cuffs.
“Interpol has today arrested a prominent Somalian Activist at an NGO Aid summit in Geneva.  Mr. Musimbi has been connected to a network of mercenaries, and is suspected of drug trafficking and murder.  Investigators say there is evidence of Mr. Musimbi engaging in crimes against humanity in various Somali villages, we will keep you updated, as information…
Daven turned to find Winston pacing the aisle talking on a satellite phone.
“In relation to the Musimbi case, scrutiny has fallen on an elite private security company named Raja Securities.  New information implicates the company in a slew of assassinations…”
“Winston,” Daven said, panic filling him at the thought of Kian who was at Raja Securities.  “Shit’s going down, and we didn’t land yet.  Is this part of the plan?  Tell me this is part of the plan.”
Winston hurried to his side, gripping Daven’s elbow.
“My office called.  Emails with attachments the size of a small planet popped in thirty minutes ago.  Not just my office, but major media houses across continents.  Our case blown wide open around the globe.  Do you think this is something Kian would do?”
“It would be a last result,” Daven said, his knees weakening.
Kian would work to make sure Daven didn’t have to hide like Taewon, for the sake of Naomi and the kids.  That no one would come after him, Daven gasped sinking into the closest chair.
Remembering Kian’s whispered words the night before.
“I’m going to protect you.  You have my heart, Daven Noland.  Always will, no matter where I go.”
“He would do it to keep me safe,” Daven said, panic turning into blood-chilling fear.  Did Kian think there was nothing else to live for?  That all Daven needed was safety?
“I have teams at the ready—”
“What are you waiting for?  Send them in now,” Daven said, meeting Winston’s gaze.  “Do you think Raja Securities will forgive him for this?  Do you?  He’ll be dead by the time we land.  I’m not going to bring back a corpse.  Do you understand that?”
Winston hissed.
“You’ve gotten meaner since you met him.”
“Are you going to make the call?” Daven asked, pointing at the television.  “That right there means Kian is in a sticky situation.  One that includes him and possible death.  Winston, if we land and he’s not breathing, I really won’t forgive you.”
Winston cursed under his breath and walked away, punching numbers into his satellite phone.
Afraid that he did know what Kian was thinking, Daven got up and hurried to Lina’s side.  He forced back the urge to shake her awake, and instead, squeezed her hand gently.  When she opened her eyes, she sat up.
“What?”
“You know Kian, right?” Daven asked, still holding her hand.
Lina frowned, pushing hair out of her face, her gaze moving around the busy cabin.
“Is something going on?” Lina asked.  “Did we land?”
“Lina.”  Daven squeezed her hand again and forced her gaze back to him.  “Do you think Kian would give his life for the sake of keeping me and Taewon safe?  Is that something—?”
“Daven, I would think you understand him by now.  You know he would.”  Lina pushed the blanket around her away.  “What’s happened?”
Lina confirming his suspicions did nothing to calm him down.
Daven hated to think of Kian in pain, but dead—
Daven closed his eyes as Lina got up, hurrying to Winston’s side, when Daven wouldn’t answer her questions.  He could not handle the thought of Kian dead.  Daven breathed out, and then in, he stared out into a dark sky, and prayed.
“Keep him alive,” Daven whispered.  “No matter what happens, keep him breathing, I can work with that.  I can heal him, but you gotta keep him alive.”
***

Thirteen

Raja Securities caved under intense world scrutiny.  The glossy cover constructed by Seiko Raja to gain investment and a steady run of security jobs cracked the moment the law turned a critical eye.  A raid at the Tokyo Raja Securities offices yielded enough evidence to get the top management arrested and under investigation.
Investors, realizing the impact association with the company would have, pulled out.
The great collapse took minutes.
Or from the moment, Kian left the Operations Center in the company of six guards, to the minute they reached the main exit and stepped into the open air.  Alarms filled the compound, rapid and incessant.  The chaos sent general staff running out of the building in escape, cars speeding out of the compound.
Kian used the confusion to escape the clutches of his guards and headed to the closest armory.
The problem with having a corrupt core, once the soft top flaked away, the rot oozed out and the dirty work started.  Clean up would fall to him, as the most seasoned assassins in the roaster would not forgive him for the betrayal.
Taking a pair of guns from the rack, Kian focused on arming himself and devising the easiest way to get Taewon out of this compound.
The lock on the armory door hissed open, and Kian loaded the gun he held and pointed.  He shot the two men who walked in without hesitation, and continued getting ammunition.
***
“How many left?” Seiko asked Yui, who had come running into his house in panic after all auxiliary Raja Securities staff deserted.
“The twenty mid-grade operatives we have here.  The fifteen at the Tokyo Offices are low level and in custody.  They ran most of the executive operations,” Yui said.  “I recalled the twenty mid-grade after the incident at The Hague.  What now?”
“Where is Kian?” Seiko asked.
“He fought off his guards and went on a rampage.  I lost track of him near the armory,” Yui said, sitting on a stool.  “I’m the one who let him into operations.  I never imagined—”
“No need to talk about his betrayal,” Seiko cut her off.  “I’m beyond disappointment.”
“We don’t have operatives that can take him out,” Yui complained.
“And the bastard who caused this betrayal?” Seiko asked, stopping to glare at her.  “Where is Kim Taewon?”
“Still in his cell, at the bunker.”
Seiko cursed.
“Have them secure Taewon.”
“Yes sir,” Yui got up and hurried out of Seiko’s living room.
***
A man possessed by the singular need to destroy, Kian walked through the buildings in the compound setting C4 bombs, and fighting off any operative who dared come at him.  This place, he would end it if it meant blowing himself with it.
Raja Securities, and all things Raja, all his grandfather had put together, all of it, he wanted it gone.  Obliterated.  Kian stuck the last bomb in his bag on glass doors as he exited the Operations Center building.
He paused, seeing three men race toward the bunker where Taewon was.  Setting the timer on the bomb, Kian raced toward the bunker.  He caught up with them outside the heavy doors into the building.  Three men, trained as intensely as he was, they gave as good as they got.
Twice, Kian found himself on the ground, out of breath, with three men determined to stab him to death.
It was pure luck that he had tucked a gun into the small of his back.  Taking it out, he shot off three bullets, managing to take down his opponents, but not before one cut him good on his upper right arm.  Pushing them off him, Kian sighed and sat up, inspecting his arm.
“Bastards,” Kian cursed, standing up.
Walking up to the bunker door, he spent a few minutes reprogramming the lock.  He had made sure to disable the poisonous gas system in the main building.  Taewon would be safe until he came back to open the doors.  The bunker doors were not easy to open without a cannon.
Kian stood with his hands on the steel doors, head down at the thought of Taewon alone inside.
“Taewon, just a little longer,” Kian murmured, patting the doors, his gaze shifting to look at the huge house he called a childhood home a distance away.
Kian worked his way to the main house.  The great house where his grandfather had taught him how to survive without love.  How to live without people, and that the cold could bring comfort.  He fought off every man who dared try to stop him.  When his ammunition ran out, he used his fists.
At the front door, he picked up the large flowerpot he had watched Alora fill with flowers in his sixteenth year and threw the heavy earthenware on the wooden door.  It caved in and he kicked it the rest of the way, until it broke open.
“I’ll shoot,” was Yui’s greeting when he stood at the entrance.
She stood before his grandfather, holding a gun, still in her red dress and sharp heels.  Her hair a mess around her.  So this is where she had ran to hide.
A small part of him had hoped she would get into her car and drive away from this darned mess.  Instead, here she stood trying to protect Seiko Raja.
What a fool.
“You’re not my goal,” Kian said in answer to her threat.
She hissed in anger and pulled the trigger.  The pain on his right side was unexpected, he hadn’t thought she would pull the trigger.  Biting back the pain, Kian lifted his shirt and sighed when he saw the damage.  The bullet had gone through, he was lucky Yui was a bad shot, she hadn't hit any vital organs.  Still, the pain was a bitch.
Kian looked up and froze when he saw his grandfather behind Yui.  He closed his eyes when a sharp sword pierced through Yui’s left chest, and she gasped, her hands dropping to her side.  When Kian glanced at her again, the sword was out and Yui was on the ground, gasping for air.
Seiko stood over her, a blank expression on his face.
“She was protecting you.”  Kian felt the need to point out.
“She overstepped when she shot you.  I don’t need protecting from the likes of her,” Seiko answered with a sigh, stepping over Yui.  “Will you stand at the door, or come in to the house, Kian?”
“Raja Securities is finished,” Kian said, not moving.
He had no weapon on him, and his grandfather could wield a sword like a samurai.  Stepping in closer would place him at a disadvantage.
“Did you kill the men I sent to secure Taewon?” Seiko asked, wiping Yui’s blood off his sword with his handkerchief.
“Taewon has nothing to do with us.  This is between you and me.”
“You have allowed an outsider to tear down what I build.”
“That outsider is a victim.  He has survived Raja Securities and me.  Leave him out of this.  You build an empire of death and blood,” Kian scoffed.  “Did you want me to be happy about it?”
“You ungrateful child.”
“Yes, we can agree that I’m ungrateful.”  Kian nodded.  “What now?  Do we fight to the death?  Is that the only way for me to be free of you?”
Seiko stared at him.
“Do you honestly think I’ll let you walk away from here?” Seiko asked.
Kian studied his grandfather, and then sighed.
“You trained a six-year-old to shoot arrows until his fingers were covered in his own blood.  Why would I be crazy enough to think you’d let me live a happy life away you?”
“I made you, Kian.”
“Yes, you did,” Kian said, reaching into his back pocket.
He pulled out a small black detonator.  Waving it in the air, he pressed the button and met his grandfather’s gaze as the bombs he set in every building around the bunker went up in flames.  The rage in his grandfather’s gaze was expected.
How fast his grandfather moved for his age more surprising.  It took experience to ward off a sharp sword determined to cut him in half.
Kian stopped his grandfather’s blade a second away from his neck with a knife from his boot.  His grandfather’s strength terrified him, but he was determined to keep his head on his shoulders, at least long enough to take his grandfather along with him.
***
“How much longer?” Daven asked, adjusting the earmuffs over his head.
They were in a helicopter headed toward Mount Asahi.  Daven sat next to Lina, and across from Winston.  Two men in dark uniforms sat to Winston’s left.
“Two minutes out, Sir,” one of those men answered with a clipped tone.  “We have reports of gunfire.  Our teams are working on securing the compound.”
Lina gripped Daven’s left arm and he tried not to give in to the anxiety plaguing his every breath.  The helicopter lowered in a green field, the mountain an intimidating background.  Daven helped Lina down, and led her away from the helicopter’s blades.  They both gasped when they came to a stop at the top of a slight slope.
A gorgeous valley stretched below, with a river winding through the scene.  In the middle of this valley, there was a compound, surrounded by a tall wall.  Smoke filled the air above the compound, buildings crumbling from fire.  Consecutive loud explosion filled the morning, and Daven let go of Lina, determined to get to the compound.
“Doctor!” one of the men in black started to stop him but Daven pushed him off.
“Have your men follow him.”  Daven heard Winston say, as he ran down to the compound at top speed.  He couldn’t think of anything else but getting to Kian.
A team of four met him at the entrance into the compound.  They handed him a bullet proof vest, which he wore with impatient jerks.  Daven followed the four men into the smoke-filled air.  Experience had taught him to always follow the team leader’s orders, otherwise a slight deviation could lead to someone getting hurt.  They made their way through the extensive crumbling buildings in the compound moving with caution.
Daven couldn’t stop himself from checking every man they passed; terrified that he would see Kian’s face.
“There’s a team ahead, outside what they’re calling the main house,” the Team Leader said.  “There are two targets.  We’re tasked with visual identification.  Doctor, hang back—”
“I’m coming with you,” Daven cut in, sure that it was Kian ahead.  “I’ll help with identification.”
“It’s dangerous,” the Team Leader stated.
“Everything about that man is dangerous,” Daven said under his breath.  “He’s really not going to give me a break and come with me quietly.  I have to go to him.  Let’s not waste time.”
The run toward the main house was nerve wrecking.  They came up onto an open lawn, trimmed to perfection with neat grass and abundant flowers.  Daven stopped at the sight of Kian fighting off an older man with a sword in the middle of this garden.
His boyfriend, the man he dared love, deflected a blade that glinted in the sun.  The clanking swords maddening, the two moving in a deadly dance.
Daven started forward, unsure what he should do to stop it, but strong arms dragged him back.  When he started to fight off the men holding him, they pinned him to the ground.
“That’s Kian,” Daven said, gripping the arms holding him down to the ground.  “Kian Raja, don’t hurt him.”
“We need to find out how many there are around before anything can be decided,” the Team Leader said, already moving away.
Daven stopped fighting the man holding him down.  His gaze seeking Kian out.  His heart in his throat, when Kian fell on his back, and the older man jumped over him, his sword sailing high, ready to cut into Kian.
Daven shouted, inhuman strength filling him, enough to push off the seasoned solider holding him down.  He got to his feet and raced toward Kian.  He reached Kian just as the older man standing over Kian fell back.
“Kian,” Daven called, racing to Kian’s side.  “Kian.  Kian!  Oh God, be okay, be alive.”
Gripping Kian’s shoulders, Daven leaned over him, painful relief flooding him when he met Kian’s shocked gaze.  Daven touched Kian’s bloody face, touching Kian’s lips.
There was blood everywhere.
“You idiot,” Daven said, his fingers trembling when he saw a wound on Kian’s head.  “You idiot, how dare you leave me when I asked you not to.  Why are you so hurt?”
Kian took in a painful breath, shifting his head to look at the older man lying a few feet away.
“Daven—”
“You’re hurt,” Daven said, ignoring Kian’s attempts to sit up.  “Cuts on your arms and your shoulder, and there’s blood on your right side.”
Daven pulled up Kian’s t-shirt and winced when he saw the bullet wound.
“It went through, missed vital organs.  Did you take this one deliberately?  I thought you said you could dodge them.  Why didn’t you?”
“Daven,” Kian reached up to cup Daven’s jaw, his mouth filled with blood.  “Help me up.  I’m not done.”
“What’s not done?”
Daven looked around then, aware of the team members surrounding them.
He helped Kian sit up and Daven sighed when Kian pushed up to his knees despite his pain and crawled to the man lying on the ground.  Daven moved with him, worried about the blood on Kian’s t-shirt.  The old man was dead, thanks to a bullet straight to the head.
Kian knelt on the grass, his gaze hard as he took in the dead man.
Kian reached out to touch the old man’s neck, and Daven realized that Kian was looking for a pulse.  Daven helped, checking the man’s wrist.
“He’s gone,” Daven said.  “Who is he?”
Kian sat back on his heels at Daven’s words.
“My grandfather, Seiko Raja,” Kian said.
Kian took in a deep breath and stared up at the sky.  Closing his eyes, he let out a short breath, the tension in his shoulders easing away.
Daven dragged his gaze away from a bloody Kian to the old man.  This man had made Kian, he thought in surprise.  The man who had tried to kill Kian…was his grandfather.
What a terrible thing to live with.
“Help me up,” Kian said, turning to Daven.  “We still need to help Taewon.”
Eager to get away from the dead Seiko Raja, Daven got to his feet, then following Kian’s direction, they all headed to a concrete bunker that seemed untouched.  Kian provided the codes to enter the building.  When they were inside, Daven supported Kian as the tactical team worked on unlocking the glass cell doors.
Taewon hurried out of his cell running to Kian and Daven.
Kian looked at Taewon with a small smile.
“I promised I would get you out of here, didn’t I?  You’re free, Taewon,” Kian said, sounding tired.  “I made sure there is no more Raja Securities to fear.  You’re…free…to—”
Kian’s weight got heavier to support, and Daven tightened his hold around Kian.  Kian started to slip down to the floor and Taewon moved to help.
“Let’s lay him down,” Daven urged Taewon.
“Kian?” Taewon cupped Kian’s jaw.  “He’s passed out.  There is too much blood covering his clothes.  Why did they need to hurt this bad?  Is he going to be okay?”
“He will be,” Daven said with cold determination.  “We’re not losing him so easily.”
***
Daven worked like a man possessed to save Kian.  He paid no mind to Winston and the team of investigators who descended on the compound.  He patched up Kian as best as he could to stop excessive bleeding.  When Kian was stable, Daven had him moved to a nearby hospital for surgery.
A week later, Daven checked the IV line going into Kian’s left arm, adjusted the flow, and tucked Kian’s arm under the blankets.  Pressing his palm to Kian’s forehead to check his temperature, Daven was happy not to feel excessive heat.
Brushing strands of hair away from Kian’s forehead, he leaned down and pressed a soft kiss on cool skin.  He straightened up and met Winston’s gaze.
They were in a private jet headed to the United States courtesy of Winston’s endless contacts.  Lina and Taewon were in the lounge, discussing a future they now had thanks to Kian.
Daven envied them slightly.  He wished Kian would open his eyes, if only just to scowl at him.
“There is no record of Kim Taewon, or Lina,” Winston said, pulling him out of his thoughts.  “Those two out there are ghosts.  The fact that they’ve turned into an endless resource on Raja Securities is the only reason I’m able to help them.  They don’t exist otherwise.”
Daven sat on a chair beside the bed, holding Kian’s right hand.
“Your man there is the brightest ghost of all.  His grandfather clearly owned Raja Securities, but there is no record of Kian Raja.”  Winston sighed.  “I feel as though he worked to erase his identity as well as Taewon’s to keep them off the books.  Do you trust him?”
“He never lied to me.”  Daven thought about their last day in Amsterdam and smiled.  “Well, maybe just once.  When he told me, he’d tell me about his father.  I’m quite sure he was putting me on because he didn’t want me to know he was heading into danger.”
“Hmm…” Winston said.  “The best thing about this bizarre case is that Musimbi is now in custody.  Your village at the oasis is safe.  Security teams were deployed to the area to capture lingering militia and Raja Securities is now a skeleton.  A considerable chunk of Interpol cold cases were solved, everyone is excited.”
Daven nodded, his gaze on Kian’s bruised fingers.  Kian’s distraction at the compound and on the company’s servers had left Raja Securities flailing.
“What about Kian?  Are you going to arrest him?” Daven asked.
“No,” Winston said, making Daven glance at him.  Winston smiled.  “How can I arrest a man who doesn’t exist?”
Daven felt hope start.
“Are you serious?”
“Yes,” Winston said with a sigh.  “Besides, I have a vested interest in keeping Kian by your side.  He might keep you from trouble.”
Daven grinned, his fingers tightening slightly over Kian’s, he lifted Kian’s right hand to his lips.
“We’ll keep each other out of trouble,” Daven said.
Winston stood.
“I better get started on clearing the lot of you through customs.  You’ll owe me for this one, Daven.”
“I’ll let you collect at a later date,” Daven promised, his gaze never leaving Kian.
***
Daven leaned on the doorjamb watching Taewon shave Kian.  Taewon had come in earlier, forcing him out to take a shower and get something to eat.  Daven hadn’t realized how much he had neglected himself since they arrived at his loft in New York.
“You’ve been asleep for three weeks,” Taewon said, his tone light and conversational.  “Your Doctor keeps tireless watch over you.  Won’t let anyone take care of you.  Had to entice him with apple pie to get him downstairs to the kitchen.”
Daven smiled.
The apple pie baked by Lina was good.  He had eaten a large piece, and downed it with the coffee Kian so loved.
“You were right,” Taewon continued, oblivious to Daven’s presence as his back was to the door.  “Daven is a good man.  Not like you or me, with our warped backgrounds and rotten family ties.”
Daven stared at the floor.
Had Kian called him a good man?
Kian’s eyes remained closed on the bed.  The neurologist referred to Daven said Kian was in a coma, because of the hit to the head he had taken.  The doctor was positive Kian would wake up, still Daven worried because three weeks was too long.
“Kian.”
Taewon’s somber voice drew Daven’s gaze back to the large bed by the windows.  Taewon had finished shaving Kian, and wiped his face clean.
Taewon now sat on the edge of the bed, staring at Kian.  Daven froze when Taewon leaned over and pressed his lips to Kian’s.  A soft caressing kiss that sent annoyance and jealousy through Daven, but still he forced himself to remain standing by the door.
“I love you, always will,” Taewon said, his voice broken.  “I’ve been angry with you since you showed up in Paris with another man.  But, I see now what I didn’t then.  I woke you up, pulled you out from under your grandfather, but he—”
Taewon broke off and turned his head to the windows, and the afternoon sun streaming in.
“He gave you acceptance the way I couldn’t.  You are what you are, Kian.  I always wanted to change you, stop you from being what you are, but the Doctor doesn’t try.  He accepts all of you, somehow.”
Taewon scoffed, and wiped tears off his cheeks.
“In the end, I lost to him,” Taewon said, looking down at Kian.  “Well…I have stolen the kiss you said I could. You won’t remember it.  I don’t want you to, because a small part of me still wants you to think of me with regret.”
Taewon sighed and shook his head.
“Yes, I know.  I’m petty, and childish, that won’t change.  I won’t thank you for giving my life back.  When you wake up, Lina and I will be gone.  I’m taking her away on a trip.  I’ll give her all this love I have inside me, and see where it takes us.  Hopefully, one day, you’ll come find us with a smile on your face.”
Kian remained still, missing Taewon’s confessions.
Daven looked away when Taewon laid his head on Kian’s chest.
“You insane jerk,” Taewon cursed under his breath.  “You crazy bastard, don’t sleep away and leave the good doctor pining away for you.  That’s too cruel, even by your standards, Assassin.  You big jerk, with your secret soft heart, I’m going to miss you.”
Daven left the room when Taewon started to cry in earnest.
The pain in Taewon’s sobs enough to let Daven know that Taewon was letting Kian go, and it hurt.  He didn’t need to witness the process, so he went downstairs to the kitchen to get another cup of coffee.
In the process of putting sugar into his mug, he dropped a napkin and bent down to pick it up.  The chain around his neck swung out of his collar and he paused.  His hand captured the silver cube hanging on the chain, and he straightened up.
Kian had placed the chain around his neck.  That last night in Amsterdam, when Kian drugged him.
“Take what’s on this chain to your father.  He will know what to do.”
Daven removed the chain from around his neck and studied the small cube.
Forgetting the coffee, Daven reached for his cell phone and dialed his father’s direct line.  His call was answered on the second ring.
“Why have you been hiding?” Killian asked in greeting.  “Your mother is worried sick.”
“Dad,” Daven started.
“Your people at the MSF said you would be in New York, but I came by your loft these past weeks, and you weren’t in.”
“Can we meet?” Daven asked.
He couldn’t leave the loft, but maybe—
“Please will you come to the loft?”
Killian kept silent for a moment, then answered, “I’ll be there in the next thirty minutes.”
“And Dad,” Daven said, coming out of the kitchen to look up to the second-floor guestroom where Kian slept.
“Yes, Daven.”
“There’s someone I want you to meet,” Daven said.
“I’m on the way, son.”
Killian ended the call first and Daven clutched the silver cube Kian entrusted to him.
He was sitting at the kitchen table when Taewon walked into the kitchen.
Daven sipped his coffee watching Taewon wash his hands at the sink, then reach for a coffee mug.  Taewon took his coffee and chose a chair directly across Daven.
Daven stared into his coffee, unsure what to say to Taewon.
In truth, had Kian made the decision to stay with Taewon, Daven would never have met Kian.  Yet, Daven had only met Kian because of Taewon.
“I’m leaving,” Taewon said, making Daven look up.
Taewon stared out the windows, his chin resting on his palm.  He looked calm, more composed than when he had been talking to Kian.
“Won’t you wait for Kian to wake up?” Daven asked.
Taewon glanced at him.
“Are you unsure about him?”
“Huh?”
“Kian, are you unsure about him?” Taewon asked, glaring at him.
“No.” Daven smiled.  “I love him.”
“Then don’t ask me to wait,” Taewon said, shadows in his eyes.  “If you had hesitated in your answer, you would have given me an opening.  I don’t want one, Daven.  Kian loves you.  I have to find a way to move on.”
“What do I tell him when he wakes up?  He’ll want to see you.”
Taewon sighed and stared into his coffee.
“Tell him….” Taewon met Daven’s gaze.  “Tell him I now understand why he didn’t come find me.”
Daven nodded, and they sat in silence simply drinking coffee until the doorbell rang.
Daven got up to go open the door for his father.  When he came back to the kitchen, wanting to introduce Taewon to his father, the kitchen was empty.
“Daven, someone in the kitchen?” Killian asked, behind him.
Daven stared at his mug still on the table, Taewon’s was gone.
“I guess not,” Daven said.  “Let’s go upstairs, Dad.”
“This person you want me to meet is upstairs?”
“Yes,” Daven said, a little nervous as he led the way to the second floor.  “His name is Kian.  He is—”
Daven paused outside the guestroom bedroom, then met his father’s gaze.
“He is my boyfriend.”
Killian nodded, and urged him to open the door.  They entered the bedroom to find Taewon had left Kian reclined up, wrapped in a heavy white sweater, his hair combed back.  With the sunlight coming in, Kian looked handsome, and with his eyes closed he could be taking a nap.  Daven pressed a soft kiss on Kian’s forehead, and adjusted the covers around Kian.
Killian moved to the foot of the bed, and stood with his hands in his pockets.
“Is he the reason I couldn’t reach you for weeks?” Killian asked.
Daven pulled up the guest chair, and sat down, holding Kian’s right hand.
“Yes,” Daven nodded.  “He is someone I want to protect as he has protected me.”
Killian studied him, then looked at Kian.  Daven clutched Kian’s hand tight, waiting.
Killian looked around the room, moved to get a stool from the corner of the room and came to sit facing both Daven and Kian.
“Okay, tell me,” Killian said.  “I’ll listen.”
***
Talking to his father had always been easy.  Daven felt purged when he finished telling his father about his adventures with Kian.  His heart felt lighter, and suddenly all he wanted was for Kian to wake up and look at him.  They had made it through the worst.
Now all he needed was for Kian to get better.
“Your boyfriend gets more intriguing the more I hear about him.  How did he know about me?”
“I don’t know,” Daven said, thinking he had never thought to ask.
Kian had known so much about him already.
“Three weeks ago, he helped break the Musimbi case open and with Winston’s help, I got him out of a Raja Securities compound in Japan.  I think it was where he grew up, his grandfather did this to him.”
Daven got the small silver cube out of his pocket and held it out to his father.
“Before he left me in Amsterdam, he asked me to give you this.  Do you know what it is?” Daven asked, watching his father study the silver cube.
Killian held up the small cube, his gaze then moving to Kian.
“Is Seiko Raja dead?” Killian asked, closing his fingers over the small silver cube.
“He is,” Daven answered, studying his father.  “You’re taking all this very easily.”
“I suppose you want to ask why?” Killian put the little cube into his pocket and leaned forward, his gaze still on Kian.  “I’m a business man, Daven.  A successful one, and that comes with compromises that many might not understand.”
“Did you help fund Raja Securities?” Daven asked, saddened by the thought.
“No.” Killian shook his head.  “No.  Seiko tried, but I wouldn’t put any money into his investment campaigns.”
“Then what?” Daven asked, needing to know.  “Kian is—”
“Safe,” Killian cut in.  “He will stay safe from now on, Daven.  Don’t worry.  I need to go.”
“Dad,” Daven started.
“Your boyfriend has handed me a gift,” Killian said, reaching out to squeeze Daven’s shoulder.  “I need to confirm it, before I tell you more.  Hopefully, Kian wakes up soon and he can help me explain.  Don’t worry, Daven.  It’s nothing bad.”
“I really hope so,” Daven said.  He was tired of bad news.
Killian got to his feet.
“Between the two of us, I think we’ll help Kian live a normal life now.  Wait for my call, son.”
Killian left the bedroom in fast strides.
Alone, Daven moved from the chair, and sat on the right side of Kian’s bed.  Still holding Kian’s hand, he rubbed his thumb over Kian’s knuckles and willed his strength into Kian.
“Kian,” Daven said.  “Won’t you open your eyes now?  I miss you.”
Daven sighed and stretched out beside Kian, resting his head on Kian’s pillow.
Daven stroked a finger over Kian’s smooth jaw.
“Aram wakes up when I sing him a lullaby.  Will you?  Should I sing for you?”
His heart clenched tight as every time he asked a question he expected an answer, and none came.  Trailing his index finger over Kian’s nose, to his lips, Daven cleared his throat, and hummed a tune stuck in his head…
***
Soft humming filled his head, Kian felt a smile tag his lips as the voice sounded familiar.
Daven?
Hadn’t he left him in Amsterdam?
If Lina had done as he instructed, Daven would be with Naomi about now.
The hum persisted.
‘Kiss it, kiss it better, baby…’
Kian turned to the hum, fighting the heavy weight of sleep to open his eyes.  The light hurt his eyes, then his vision cleared, and there was Daven lying next to him.  His green eyes filled with joy.
“You’re awake,” Daven said, a wide smile gracing his lips.
Thinking it a wonderful dream, Kian shifted to his right side to face Daven.  His heart beating fast when Daven leaned in and kissed him.  The feel of Daven’s lips against his, his arms around him, warmth filled every corner of his dark heart.
What a reward after all the pain, Kian thought.
How lucky would he be if Daven returned to him like this?  Endless nights of this, Kian almost felt as though he was being too greedy.
A person like him, wanting such a gift—
The kiss ended, and Daven leaned back to look at him.
“Thank you for waking up,” Daven said, pulling him into a gentle hug.  “Sorry I was late coming to get you, Kian.”
Kian blinked.
This was no dream.  Daven held him, and suddenly all Kian could feel was Daven’s warmth seeping into him.
He started to move his left arm to hold Daven, but his skin stung, the slight pain landing him in the present.  Daven stopped him from moving his hand.
“Don’t undo my good work,” Daven said, letting go, and sitting up to check the IV line.  “You gave me a fright, Kian Raja.  I’m hoping you’re done giving me these extreme shocks.”
Kian watched Daven fuss over him for a minute.
When he was sure he could speak, Kian asked, “Where are we?”
“New York, in my loft,” Daven said looking at Kian.  “You’ve been out for three weeks.  I was starting to think you’re punishing me for not listening to you.”
“You should be in Oakland,” Kian started.  “With Naomi—”
“She’s on her way here,” Daven said.  “I told her she would have to visit because I couldn’t leave you.”
“Daven.”
“You left me alone,” Daven cut him off.  “You drugged me and left me after telling me you loved me.  I still need to punish you for that.”
Kian closed his eyes, trying to get back his bearings.  Daven took his right hand, giving it a tight squeeze.  Kian opened his eyes to find Daven’s gaze filled with panic.
“I’m tired,” Kian said, not liking the worry in Daven’s eyes.
“That's expected, you've been horizontal for a while, and your meds are heavy.”
Kian tried to pull Daven’s hand with his right.  He felt weak, and it embarrassed him. So, he stopped and decided it was better to use his words.
“Daven, come back here and hold me.  That felt really good,” Kian said in a soft tone.  “I know you’re mad at me, I promise to let you punish me later.”
Daven shook his head and did as asked.
“How am I supposed to stay angry with you when you say shit like that?”
“It’s my secret tactic,” Kian said, resting his head on Daven’s shoulder.  “You smell really good.  I feel like I haven’t seen you in ages, Daven.”
“It has been ages,” Daven said, pressing a soft kiss on Kian’s forehead.  Kian closed his eyes, wanting to sleep in Daven’s arms.
“Kian.”
“Mmm?”
“From now on, don’t leave my side,” Daven said.  “Or I might have to tie you down.”
Kian couldn’t help the laugh.
***

Fourteen

On a rainy morning, two days later, Kian woke to child whispers over his head.  He kept his eyes closed, listening to a fascinating conversation.
“Look, his eyes look like Aunt Anika’s kitty,” a little boy’s voice said.
“He doesn’t have fur,” a girl’s voice countered.
“But his hair is soft like Aunt Anika’s cat,” the boy argued.
“He’s not a cat, silly,” she said.
Small fingers touched his hair, and Kian stole a glance under his eyelashes to see Zena take her brother’s hand away from Kian’s hair.
“We’re not supposed to wake him.  Uncle Daven said he needed lots of sleep to heal.”
“Is he hurt?” Aram asked.  “Can we blow on his cut like Mommy does on my cut, to make him feel better?”
“We can ask Uncle Daven,” Zena said, her tone too somber.
The door opened and Kian listened as heels clicked on the wood floor, coming to the bed.  The kids scrambled off and he bit his lip to bite off a moan when a knee pressed into his bruised side.
“Mommy,” Aram said, “Uncle Daven’s friend looks like a sleeping kitty.”
Naomi chuckled.
“Does he now?”
“Yep, I know because Aunt Anika let me hold her cat when it was sleeping.  His hair is soft too.”
“You petted him?” Naomi asked, her voice filled with just the right amount of excitement to encourage Aram.
“Yes,” Aram said.  “But we did it carefully because Uncle Daven said he needs to rest.”
“Yes, he does,” Naomi said, in a stage whisper.  “Why don’t you go downstairs and see what Uncle Daven has for you in the kitchen?  I’ll take over here.”
“Will you make him feel better, Mommy?” Zena asked.  “He has a huge bandage on his head.”
“I’ll definitely try,” Naomi promised.  “Go on now.  There might be oatmeal cookies in the kitchen.”
Kian opened his eyes in time to see the kids run out of his bedroom, excited.  They closed the door slowly.  Kian returned his gaze to Naomi who stood a few feet away watching him.
“Hi.”  Her gaze shifted to the medical equipment on the left side of the bed, and she winced.  “I’m sorry.  They sneaked up here before I could stop them.  They have been curious about you since we came in yesterday.”
Kian hadn’t heard them come in.  He needed to start working on staying alert.  This weakness annoyed him.
“Can I sit with you for a while?” Naomi asked.
She clenched her fingers tight, not moving, waiting for his consent.
“Sure,” Kian said, nodding to the chair Daven kept on the right side of his bed.
Kian forced his body to shift, so that he could sit up.  Pain danced across his abdomen and he gritted his teeth, unable to fight the soft moan.
“I can help,” Naomi said, leaning over him to press the buttons on his bed.  His head came up slowly, and then his feet.  “Is that good?”
The scent of spring flowers filled his nostrils, and he looked into warm brown eyes, feeling like a sardine just woken up in a delicatessen store.
“Don’t strain your body,” Naomi said, adjusting the covers around him.  “Daven will worry too much.  He’s not had a goodnight’s sleep since you’ve been sick.”
Naomi finished with his covers and sat on the chair beside his bed.  She stared at her hands on her lap.  A frown danced on her smooth forehead, and he remembered seeing it that last night when Daven told her he was leaving.
She worried too.
“I’m sorry the kids must have woken you up,” Naomi said after a while.
“I didn’t mind it.  Their conversation was worth it.” Kian smiled.  “Aram called me a cat.”
Naomi chuckled.
“He really likes cats.  I feel terrible every time I tell him no we can’t get one.”
“Why can’t you?” Kian asked, thinking that Aram should get a cat if he wanted one so much.
“Because Zena is allergic,” Naomi said with a sigh.
Kian stared at Naomi, seeing the sadness in her eyes because she wanted to give Aram a cat, but couldn’t because of Zena.
“You are a great mother, aren’t you?”
Naomi held his gaze.
“I try to be.  I’m not sure it always works,” Naomi said with a self-conscious smile.  “But I guess that’s part of the journey, isn’t it?”
Kian could only stare at her, never having known a woman like Naomi.  He had no idea what a mother should be, he never had one, never experienced the warmth a mother could give.
Naomi’s love for her children clung to her skin, shone in her eyes, in her very words.  It was beautiful to see, was part of the reason Daven’s family fascinated him.
“I want to thank you for what you did for Daven,” Naomi said.  “I—”
She started then broke off looking away, but not before Kian saw the sheen of tears in her eyes.
“I haven’t always understood why he needed to go to dangerous places.  I worried so much sometimes I thought I would go mad.  Then he met you and—”
She looked at him, her gaze unreadable, even for him who could see beyond any mask.
“Thank you for bringing Daven back home,” Naomi concluded.  “That’s all I can say.  But, allow me to ask one question, will you give me an answer?”
Kian blinked at the fire in her eyes.
“Will you stay, Kian?” Naomi asked, not giving him a chance to accept or deny her request.
“Stay?”
“With Daven,” Naomi elaborated, her gaze unrelenting.  “Will you stay with him?”
Kian held her gaze, and felt relief flood him when he finally read nothing more than concern for Daven.  Naomi’s heart was simple.  She loved her family and wanted them happy.
How refreshing.
“I will,” Kian answered her, “for as long as he will have me.”
When her gaze filled with doubt, he smiled.
“I don’t lie.”
“Except once,” Daven said, making both Naomi and Kian look toward the door.
Daven carried a tray laden with breakfast, which he brought to the bed.  Naomi stood to help him.
“When did Kian lie to you?” Naomi asked Daven, a frown creasing her smooth forehead.
Daven perched on the bed, arranging the side table with the tray over Kian’s lap.  Naomi helped uncover the plates and the three mugs Daven had brought up.
“When did you lie to me?” Daven asked, meeting Kian’s gaze with a small smile.
Kian reached for the closest mug of coffee, but Daven took his hand hostage.
“No coffee for you, my love,” Daven chided.
“You would torture me this way?” Kian asked, taking in the scent of coffee, craving it.
“You still have a few more days,” Daven said, leaning over the bed tray to kiss Kian’s pout.  “I’ll make you a whole pot when you can have coffee again.”
Kian sighed, and reached for the mug of green tea.
“I lied to you the afternoon we spent on the canal,” Kian said, sipping the hot liquid.
The taste was bearable.
“Why?” Naomi asked, taking the mug of coffee Kian had reached for.  She sat and took an appreciative taste, giving him a smile full of mischief.
Kian placed the mug of green tea on the tray, meeting Daven’s knowing gaze.
“You know why,” Kian said, looking into green eyes he had imagined he would never see again.
Daven paused in the act of stirring sugar into his coffee.
“Kian didn’t want me to know how much danger he was walking into,” Daven said, holding Kian’s gaze.  “He promised we would have plenty of time later to discuss his father, but I swear if I hadn’t gone after him, we would have none.”
“Is that so?” Kian asked, with a small smile, though his heart still jumped to his throat at the memory of Daven showing up at his grandfather’s compound.
Minutes earlier and Seiko might have ended Daven’s existence.  Kian doubted the world would have survived the demon he would have become then.
Naomi sat back in her seat, finally relaxing.
“Whatever the case, I’m glad you’re both home.  Maybe one day you’ll tell me the whole story?”
Kian sipped his green tea, when Daven glanced at Naomi.
“One day,” Daven said.  “Thank you for coming to New York, Naomi.  With Kian held up in bed, I wasn’t sure I would be able to get to Oakland.”
“One more day of your calls, and I would have come to find you myself,” Naomi said, giving Kian a wink.  “Anyway, it’s been nice getting out of Oakland.  The kids and I think of it as a fun trip.  They’re excited to meet their grandparents.  We’ve stayed away from them too long.”
“Dad will stop by this afternoon,” Daven said, handing Kian a fork for his fruit salad.  “Mom will come later for dinner.  She’s promised to cook.  Kian, you’ll love her rice and stew.”
“Do you think I can make her sneak me coffee?” Kian asked, chewing on a mango slice.
Daven laughed, and Naomi held out her cup.
“If you sweet talk me, I might let you sip mine.”
“Stop encouraging him,” Daven glared at Naomi.
Naomi shared a secret smile with Kian just as the kids came running in, their cheeks flushed with excitement.
Daven lifted up Zena, while Aram climbed onto Naomi’s lap.  Aram held an oatmeal cookie, and his cheeks were dusted with crumbs.  Naomi wiped his mouth with her palm.
“I see you found the cookies,” Naomi said, smacking her lips on Aram’s messy ones.
“Uncle Daven, is Uncle Kian feeling better now?” Zena asked, meeting Kian’s gaze, hers full of curiosity, his wary of the purity and innocence in her eyes.
“He will be as soon as he finishes the fruits on his plate,” Daven said.  “Wanna help Uncle Kian eat his fruit?”
“Can I?” Zena asked.
Kian met Daven’s gaze.
Zena shifted on Daven’s lap, moving closer to Kian, until she could pick up Kian’s fork.  She stabbed a grape and brought the fruit to Kian’s lips, her expression one of pure concentration.
Kian took the fruit into his mouth and as the sweet juices burst in his mouth, his gaze held Zena’s and wonder bloomed when she gifted him with a wide, pleased, toothless smile.  When she quickly stabbed a piece of mango and brought it to his mouth, Kian ate the fruit and met Daven’s knowing gaze.
His heart in a shaky, mushy mess, Kian knew this was the most precious gift Daven had ever given him.
At the start, he had stood on the outside watching Daven, Naomi and these two children laugh and talk in a warm kitchen in Oakland.  He remembered jealousy filling him at their bond, wanting to know what it felt like to be part of something so…unreal.
Now, here he was, tentatively part of that bond, and damn he wanted it.
He needed this bond.
Kian felt tears sting the back of his eyes.  He looked away from Daven, turning to the windows and taking in a deep breath.
“Are you still interested in opening a private practice?” Naomi asked Daven, her tone conversational.  “The properties I checked might be off the market now, but we can still look.”
“I’m no longer alone,” Daven said, making Kian turn to him in surprise.  “My future now includes Kian, Naomi.  Would you be upset if we didn’t end up in Oakland with you?”
“Daven?” Kian started, shocked by this decision.  Daven deserved to stay close to his family.  “I—”
“You promised me,” Daven said, not giving him a chance to protest.  “I go wherever you go.  You go where I go.”
Kian wanted to protest, but instead, the need to hold on to Daven grew tighter, and all he could feel was hope.
“Of course,” Naomi said, drawing Kian’s gaze.  “Kian should be with you, Daven.”
Kian ate the last of his fruit salad, then took Zena’s hand when she placed the fork in his empty bowl.
“Thank you, Zena-chan.”
Kian pressed a kiss on her wrist.
“Get better faster,” Zena said, reaching up to rub her palm on Kian’s jaw.
Yes, Kian thought, meeting Daven’s gaze.
He wanted to keep this precious gift, wanted it so very much he could barely breathe.
***
Despite his desires, his past seemed like a wild tangled weed that would not disappear no matter how many times he cut it down.  Stuck in his bed, because standing was murder to his abdomen, Kian watched Killian Noland, his gaze closed off, hiding his apprehension.
Killian paced the length of his bed.  Two men who had accompanied him sat in the chairs Daven had dragged in by the door.
Daven sat next to Kian, holding Kian’s right hand.  His right thumb rubbing over Kian’s skin.
Nervous energy, Kian thought, turning over his hand so that his fingers closed over Daven’s.
“I apologize for meeting you in this state,” Kian started, bowing his head slightly.  He respected Killian Noland.  “I had hoped to meet you in better circumstances.”
“Kian, you have no reason to apologize,” Killian said, his tone warm, stopping at the foot of Kian’s bed to meet his gaze.  “You saved my son.”
“From danger brought on by my blood,” Kian said, holding Killian’s gaze.
Killian nodded in agreement.
“Seiko Raja was an ambitious man.  He lived for power, and wealth.”
“I know what my grandfather was,” Kian stated.
Kian also knew what he was, and that Killian’s approval mattered to him.  He needed Killian to accept his presence beside Daven.
Killian lifted the chain Kian left under Daven’s care.
Kian’s gaze fixed on the small silver cube.  Taking in a deep breath, he started to let go of Daven’s hand, but Daven wouldn’t allow him.
“When Daven handed me this small cube, it felt as though I’ve come full circle,” Killian said.
“Sir?” Kian asked.
“What is that thing?” Daven asked, pointing at the chain.  “And Dad, stop treating Kian like a stranger.  You’re definitely going to see him until the day you die, so stop being so darned cautious.”
“Don’t be so hard on your old man,” Killian chuckled.  “I’m nervous, Daven.”
“Why the hell would you be nervous?” Daven asked.
Kian stared at their clasped hands, biting back a smile.  Relief flooding him at the fact that Killian had accessed the small cube.
“Four years ago,” Killian said.  “A delivery man brought an envelope to my office, and would not allow anyone but me to sign for it.  When I opened the envelope, I found pictures of a young woman, with a date.”
Kian kept his gaze on his lap where he tangled his fingers with Daven over and over.
“The note in the pictures said to use my connections to save her,” Killian continued.  “I was baffled.  I was going to ignore the envelope, but then curiosity had me sending these two gentlemen to investigate, and sure enough…”
“Sure enough what?” Daven asked, with a frown.
“The woman in question was Silvia Garth.  She was a researcher working for a pharmaceutical company who wanted to reveal details on a killer cancer drug.  The company wanted to kill her to silence her.  The date on the picture stated the date of her supposed death.  We managed to save her from three attempts before the culprits were caught.”
Killian shook his head.
“It was a very bizarre investigation.  There would have been no way to know her life was in danger without the information in the envelope.  When we helped her, I thought it would end there.” 
Killian came around to perch on the edge of the bed.
“But then, a month later, another envelope appeared, this one belonged to a man living in London.  The trend continued, forcing me to jump into a security business I hadn’t planned on.”
Daven frowned, his gaze moving to the two men in the room with them.
“What do the envelopes have to do with the cube?” Daven asked.
Kian looked up when Killian didn’t answer Daven’s question to find Killian smiling at him.
“I thought your boyfriend would answer that question better,” Killian said.
Daven squeezed his hand, turning inquisitive green eyes on him.  That they matched Killian’s was interesting.  Looking at Killian, Kian felt as though he was seeing the future, how elegant Daven would age.
Knowing truth was best, Kian turned to Daven.
“You were right about my lie in Amsterdam,” Kian told Daven.  “I have always lived life not expecting the future.  The present has always been so rife with danger and uncertainty.  It seemed stupid to plan for tomorrow.  I wanted to keep you safe, Daven.  The only person I ever trusted long enough was your father, Killian Noland.”
Daven blinked.
“You know my father?”
“I knew of him.  First, you have to understand, there aren’t that many people who could stand up to my grandfather.  When Seiko asked for assistance, he got it, or bulldozed his way into getting it.  It was the reason he was so powerful.  People were afraid of him, so they allowed him everything.  Your father is the only man I knew who ever stood up to my grandfather, and lived.”
Daven’s gaze shifted to Killian who hadn’t moved from his perch on Kian’s bed.
“I sent the envelopes to your father.  He is the only one I could trust to help the souls I could save from Raja Securities.  But everything must come at a price,” Kian said, meeting Killian’s gaze.  “The more your father helped, the more curious he got about the source of the envelopes and he has been investigating my identity for as long as he has received my envelopes.”
“I could find nothing on you,” Killian said, with a sigh.  “Not a name, not a picture.”
“Just a blurred picture of my back from a surveillance camera,” Kian said.
Killian’s gaze widened.
“How did you know about that?”
“I know many things,” Kian answered.  His gaze shifted to the two men Killian had brought with him.  “Those two are not here to help you explain the cube.  You’re wary of me.”
“You might be down, but I don’t believe you’re helpless,” Killian said, his tone matching Kian’s.  “The people you have forced me to deal with are not gentle, or good.  We have drawn unnecessary attention to our activities, and I’ve been worried for my family’s safety.”
“You should be, my father had many friends.  The only real protection from them is not to exist.  My activities in Japan will have placed you in a frightening position.  My father’s friends will think your strange agency brought Raja Securities down.  You’re glowing in the dark, Mr. Noland,” Kian said.  “I should apologize for that but I won’t.  Part of the reason I put you on the spot was because of your position in the Wagon-Colt Consortium.”
“Why?” Killian asked.
“As I said, my father had many friends.  You might have refused to invest in Raja Securities, but the money tied in your consortium did,” Kian said.  “My father invested heavily in keeping you in the dark.  When Raja Securities approached me with your son’s name on the contract list, I knew that Seiko was working on finding a way to get to you.”
“Are you saying I helped fund a sinister organization?” Killian asked, displeasure on his face.
“In a roundabout way,” Kian answered.  “I spent years tracing Raja Securities money.  When I found the consortium, I imagined you were part of my grandfather’s inner circle.  The envelopes were a test.  When you saved the first woman I knew I could trust you.”
Killian got off the bed.
“Why didn’t you tell me my son was in danger?” Killian asked.  “Why didn’t you trust me to help him?”
Kian clutched Daven’s hand.
“Had you decided to step out of the shadows as you would have to help Daven, they would have killed you both.  You would have left Raja Securities to take over your investments.  So, I thought I should save Daven on your behalf, and went to Oakland myself.”
Killian met Kian’s gaze.
“Then why did you give me the silver cube?”
“You’re principled, unshakeable.  What I give you will give you the protection you are desperate for,” Kian said.
“Protection?” Daven asked.  “I don’t understand.”
“My grandfather and his cronies used the consortium’s money to build a very secure network across the globe,” Kian said, sadness weighing on him
His grandfather’s death while deserved meant he had no blood relative left.  Taking in a deep breath, Kian met Killian’s gaze.
“I have destroyed the dark side of Raja Securities.  However, there are many secondary employees facing an uncertain future,” Kian said, exhausted by the thought of his legacy.  “The innocent ones should be saved, don’t you think?”
“You have handed me the key to take over Raja Securities,” Killian said in surprise.
Daven shook his head, clearly in denial.
“Daven, I am not asking your father to save Raja Securities, but help people who were dragged into a machine they can’t control.  The company is done, but you can regroup its vast resources and rename it.”
“You called the cube a gift,” Daven said, looking at his father.
“Yes,” Killian said.  “The resources Kian is offering allow us to move easier.  I can protect my people.  Of course, it would be a tremendous help if Kian agreed to join us…”
“No.” Daven’s answer offered no room for argument.  “Absolutely not.”
“Daven,” Kian started.
Daven turned angry eyes on him.
“I just got you out of hell, now you want to go back?”
“I didn’t say I was going back,” Kian said, still holding Daven’s hand.  “There are things—”
“I will not listen to you talk yourself into more danger,” Daven said, glaring at him.  Daven turned to his father.  “You can’t have him.”
Killian blinked.
“I’m only asking him for help,” Killian said.
“And he won’t say no because, contrary to what everyone sees, Kian has an impossibly soft heart.”
Daven stood, letting go of Kian’s hand.  He walked to the door, and opened it.
“What are you doing?” Killian asked.
“Kian’s been up all morning, he needs rest.  I think you should leave.”
“Daven,” Kian started to protest.
“Dad, please,” Daven said, his tone pleading.  “You got what you wanted.”
Killian sighed and reached over to take Kian’s right hand in a warm handshake.
“I’m happy you’re awake, young man,” Killian said, his gaze filled with warmth.  Kian could see where Daven got his gentle side.
“Why don’t we shelve this discussion until later, when you’re feeling better?  For now, I’ll work on securing what you’ve entrusted to me.”
“Don’t you need something from me now?” Kian asked, his brow raised, his gaze shifted to the two men on the couch.
“What now?” Daven demanded from the door.
Killian gave Daven an unreadable glance, and then nodded to the two men.  One of them stood, taking a briefcase from the floor.  He opened it and brought it to Kian’s bed.
Curiosity had Daven moving back to Kian’s bed.  Kian took the silver cube from Killian, and inserted it into the small slot on the specialized laptop inside the briefcase.  Kian watched the flow of data on the screen, and an authorization screen appeared.
Kian smiled at Killian.
“Had I not made it alive, you would have needed to find my body for this.”
“I’m fully aware,” Killian said.
Kian leaned close to the screen for the iris scanner, once the scanner read his right eye, authorization progressed into a fingerprint scanner.  Wiping his right palm on the covers, Kian placed his palm on the screen, unlocking the majority of resources for Killian’s use.  Sitting back, Kian took out the cube and closed the briefcase.
“One more thing,” Kian told Killian.  “If you’ll ask these gentlemen to leave the room.”
The two men took the briefcase with them, closing the door behind them.
Kian studied the silver cube on his palm.  Crafting it had brought him out of the shadows, and led him to Kuala Lampur where Yui found him.  That felt like a lifetime away.
“Hand me a needle,” Kian told Daven.
“What for?” Daven asked, moving around the bed to the medical cart in the corner.  He found a new syringe and held it hostage, meeting Kian’s gaze.
“Your father needs my blood,” Kian said.
“Blood?” Daven turned to Killian.  “Is this what your business includes now?  Blood?”
“Don’t be angry with your father,” Kian said, placing his left hand on Daven’s fisted hand.  “He has to handle the worst because of me.”
Kian met tortured green eyes, his own pleading.
Daven gave a soft sigh, and handed the syringe to Kian.
Kian took the syringe needle and pressed it into the bottom of the cube.  A small needle slid out of the side of the cube.  The prick on his palm was immediate, the hidden vial in the cube sucking in a drop of his blood and locking it into the cube.  Handing back the syringe to Daven, Kian held out the silver cube to Killian.
“In the data I sent you, there is the location of an obscure farm in Malaysia.  You will find a vault in the farmhouse there.  The vault door requires the blood in this cube to open otherwise the whole place goes up in flames, apologies for the brutal measures, but they were necessary then.  I was securing that vault when Raja Securities found me in Kuala Lampur,” Kian said, thinking that if he hadn’t been there, at that particular time, he would never have known about Daven.
Known to save him, and protect him.
“What is in the vault?” Killian asked.
“The names of the men working with my grandfather in your Wagon-Colt Consortium.  The vault is stocked with enough information to get you what you need to bring them under your control,” Kian said.  “It will gain you the safety you need.”
“Why don’t you just turn those names in to the authorities?” Daven asked, reaching for Kian’s right hand.  He pressed a band-aid into the little wound caused by the needle prick.
“They are—”
Kian started only to have Killian place a hand on his shoulder to stop him.
“The police capture what they can, but there are those beyond the law,” Killian answered.  “If the men in the consortium fell, economies could crumble.  Instead, we must find a way to clip their wings.”
“Dad,” Daven said, worry in his eyes.
“Your father takes over a very powerful network of information and security.  No one will dare come after him for the same reasons my grandfather could never be touched.  Under your father’s guidance surely there will be better things coming from it all unlike the darkness my grandfather nurtured.”
“Are you sure I cannot convince—?”
Killian started but Kian stopped him.
“This life of mine,” Kian said, still holding Daven’s hand, for the first time in his life, he spoke from his heart without fear.  “I wish to use what’s left of it discovering what life can be beside this man.  And I know, no matter how you look at it, I remain deeply flawed, mercilessly damaged, and I have nothing left, not even a name.  Still, Mr. Noland, this assassin dares seek your approval…your permission…to stay with the priceless gift that is your son.”
Daven’s fingers tightened on his and Kian felt a lump lodge in his throat.  Was he being too presumptuous, refusing to do as Killian wanted, in order to stay with Daven?  Was it too selfish?
Too—
“Daven loves you,” Killian said, squeezing Kian’s shoulder.  “You make him happy, and that is more than I could ask for.  You’re family.”
Kian lifted his head up to meet Killian’s gaze in surprise, warmth washing over him at the simple acceptance.
“Kian, your choices are your own now.  Do as you wish,” Killian said, giving him a short nod of assurance.  “With what you have given, we should be fine.  Daven, I’ll head back now, set all these in motion.  Amerie is out grocery shopping for dinner.  I’ll be back later to eat her delicious stew, and spoil Aram and Zena.”
Daven started to come around the bed, but Killian stopped him.
“Stay, I’ll show myself out.  Kian, get some rest, we’ll talk more, later.”
Killian left the guest bedroom in fast strides, and Kian sat back, relief flooding him.  He closed his eyes, unused to the sense of ease.  The bed shifted, and there was a feather-soft touch on his lips.
“Open your eyes, Kian Raja,” Daven said.
Kian heeded the soft command.  Daven lay on his right side, his arm braced above Kian’s head.
“Your little tirade to my father broke my heart,” Daven said.  “That is twice now you’ve confessed and not given me a chance to reply.  Do you know how annoying it is?”
Kian smiled.
“I only told him the truth.”
“Yes.”  Daven narrowed his gaze at him.  “Your truths make my heart stop, Kian.  So, my turn.  Your flaws are your strengths, no matter how many they are, I find each one endearing.  If you are damaged, I will never tire of healing you.  I will heal every inch of you, including your soul, Kian, time and again.”
Kian held his breath when Daven smiled at him.
“As for your name, Assassin, Kian Raja fits you fine, for I know you by no other.  I love you and only you, Kian.  Although, if you let me, I do want to give you my name too, and all I have.”
“Don’t I terrify you anymore?” Kian asked, reaching up to touch the corner of Daven’s lips.  “When we were in Amsterdam, you told me we were at eighty/twenty percent.  Is this still twenty percent?”
Daven chuckled and kissed him.  A wanton, needy kiss that made Kian wish they could do more than kiss.  He cursed his injuries, and sunk his fingers into Daven’s dreadlocks wanting their lips to stay locked forever.
Daven ended the kiss first, breathing hard, clearly in perfect health judging by the bulge pressing into Kian’s hip.
Kian smiled, and met lust-filled green eyes.
“Do you think we’re still at twenty percent?” Daven asked, his tone husky.
Kian bit his bottom lip.
“If we are still at twenty percent, I wonder what life’s like at a hundred percent,” Kian mused.
“No need to wonder, Kian.  It’s clear to me, my love, that we’re beyond a hundred percent,” Daven said, breathing in deep, and burying his face into Kian’s shoulder.  “I’m considering mauling a patient who can’t fend for himself.”
Kian chuckled and held Daven to him.  He closed his eyes and basked in the feel of Daven lying over him.
“Doctor, this patient has no will to fight you off,” Kian murmured.
***
Tingling pain danced across his abdomen, Kian gritted his teeth and pushed past it, lifting up on a push up, sweat coating his forehead.  He dropped down, and pushed up again, the urge to stop stronger than the need to keep going.
So, he kept going.
“Yay, it’s a roller coaster,” Zena said from her spot on his back.
Kian smiled and pushed up again, her weight added to the discomfort, but he fought through it because he wanted to get back to full strength, quickly.
“Can you go faster?” Zena asked, patting his shoulder.  “Like a roller coaster.”
Kian gritted his teeth, increasing his speed.  The little girl on his back squealed in delight, the pain was so worth it.  When he couldn’t take it anymore, he lay flat on the carpet, and Zena got off.
“Your hair is wet!” She brushed strands away from his forehead and peered at him.  “There’s water dripping all over your face.  Are you sick?”
Kian laughed, and sat up.  Zena took the short towel on a small stool and handed it to him.  Kian took the towel and wiped his face.  Aram slept on the couch.
Kian was on babysitting duty because Daven and Naomi were out getting groceries.
What did one say to little girls?
“Here,” Zena held out a bottle of water.  “To replace the water on your face.”
Kian took the bottle with a slight smile.
“It’s not water but sweat.”
“Sweat is water,” Zena said, smiling at him.  “Uncle Daven told me.  He said sweat is water from your body.  It happens when you are boiling hot.  So you need to drink more water so that you don’t pass out.”
“Your uncle sure teaches you many things,” Kian mused.
“I’m going to be a doctor like Uncle Daven,” Zena declared.  “So I can help him make people feel better.”
Kian drank the water she gave him, and got to his feet.  He held out his hand to Zena and helped her to her feet too.
“Okay, to be a doctor like your uncle, you might need to eat a little more squat.  You’re so tiny.” Kian teased.  “Are you hungry?”
“I could eat,” Zena said.
Kian moved to the couch, arranging pillows around Aram.  He got a cushion from the armchair, and laid it on the floor, incase Aram decided to roll out.
“He won’t fall out,” Zena said, looking at Kian as though he didn’t know anything.  “He’s not a baby anymore.”
“Yeah, well, let’s take it as me being too careful,” Kian said.  “Your Mom would be very upset with me if he got hurt on my watch.”
Kian took back his bottle from the table and headed to the kitchen with Zena following him.
“Can you cook?” Zena asked, when he opened the fridge.
“I can,” Kian said.
“Really?” Zena asked.  “Can you fry an egg for me?”
“Sure,” Kian looked in the fridge for eggs.  He found two, and lifted them up to her with a wide grin.
***
Daven walked into his loft around three o’clock in the afternoon, his bags loaded with groceries.  Naomi had rushed off to meet a potential supplier for her spa.  Daven paused in the living room when he saw the cushions on the floor.  Moving closer to the couch, he paused when he saw Aram asleep on the couch.
Daven smiled.  This had to be Kian’s doing.  Shaking his head, he headed to the kitchen and stopped at the sight before him.  Kian was busy at the stove making pancakes.  Zena sat on the kitchen table, stirring the batter.  They both looked at him at the same time, and he had to bite his tongue to keep from laughing.
The pancake batter had definitely been mixed and tasted he decided as both Kian and Zena wore parts of it on their faces.
“Hi,” Kian said, his spatula held up, the other hand on the pan.  He was burning the pancake he was making.
“Hi.”
Daven smiled and placed his bags on the nearest counter.  He stopped by Zena, and checked the batter she was stirring with all her energy.  Dipping a finger into it, he tasted it and bit back another laugh.  It was too sweet.
Zena must have had a hand in the ingredients.
“Hi, munchkin,” Daven said, dropping a kiss on her lips when she tilted her head up.
“I’m helping Uncle Kian mix the pancakes because he doesn’t know how.”
“Looks like you’re doing a good job,” Daven said, wiping the smear of batter off her cheek.  “I wonder if your Uncle Kian has tasted these pancakes.”
Daven moved closer to Kian, taking one of the burnt pancakes from a plate and took a small bite.  He met Kian’s gaze and this time his laugh simply could not be hidden.
He laughed, and Kian lifted his spatula with a scowl.
Daven wrapped his right arm around Kian’s waist and pulled him close, kissing him.
“The pancakes are a work of art,” Daven said, turning off the heat on the cooker.
“I’m following Zena’s recipe,” Kian said, turning to face him, a smudge of pancake batter on his forehead.  “She seems to like sugar, and definitely did not take my suggestion for honey, which is much healthier.  She reminds me of you.”
Daven laughed again, taking a napkin from the counter, he wiped Kian’s face.
“She’s seven,” Daven said, wiping Kian’s nose.  “You don’t have to do all she says.”
“She’s very sure of herself,” Kian frowned.  “I—”
Daven kissed Kian then.
“You are absolutely mush inside.”
“Do you want more batter?” Zena asked from the table.  “I’m getting tired mixing it.”
Daven took the spatula from Kian and moved him to a chair.  Urging him to sit, he took the bowl from Zena and placed it in the sink.
“I can’t leave you two alone,” Daven said, leaning on the counter facing both of them.  “Kian, you’re supposed to be resting.”
“He was leaking water from his forehead,” Zena said, her arms folded against her chest to mimic Kian.  “I thought he should eat to replace it.”
Daven stared at Kian.
“Leaking water…?  Hmm,” Daven turned to hide his laugh and met Zena’s gaze.  “Did you let him exercise?”
“I couldn’t stop him,” Zena said, her frown deep.  “Uncle Kian is like a roller coaster, up and down, he kept on going even though I sat on him.”
“I seem to remember someone urging me to go faster,” Kian commented, sitting back in his chair.
“Who was babysitting who?” Daven asked, with a mock frown.
“I was taking care of Uncle Kian and Aram,” Zena answered before Kian.
“Well, that’s not what I thought,” Kian said in surprise, reaching out to poke at Zena.  “I thought I was looking after you, squat.”
Zena laughed, and stuck her tongue out at Kian.
Kian’s reaction was to stick his tongue out back at Zena.
Daven laughed then, because seeing Kian in such lively spirits was more than he could have asked.  Kian’s month long recovery had kept him on his toes.
Daven still worried that Kian would get better and decide to go help his father.  After all, Kian was used to a life traveling.  Squashing his worries, Daven grinned when Kian and Zena turned to look at him with expectant gazes.
Gosh, Daven thought, he had no defense against these two.
“Did you eat?” Daven asked.
“No.” Zena said, rubbing her stomach.  “I’m still hungry.”
“I’m hungry too,” Kian said.  “I got tired mixing the pancakes.  It was a hard job, you know.”
“You were bested by a little girl,” Daven teased, pushing off the counter to go to the bags he’d brought in.
Kian sighed and Daven turned to see him leaning his elbows on the table.
“She’s a tough one,” Kian said.
“I’m a tough one,” Zena agreed, sending a grin his way.
Daven took the bag of groceries and went to the kitchen table.  He kissed the top of Kian’s head, and stroked his fingers through Kian’s hair.
“Alright, I’ll feed you both.  Zena, go check on your brother.  He might be waking up from his nap.”
Daven helped her down and she ran out of the kitchen to the living room.  Alone, Daven crouched beside Kian’s chair, and pulled him into a tight hug.
“Was it tiring?” Daven asked.  “I shouldn’t have left you alone—”
“Thank you,” Kian cut in, kissing Daven’s shoulder.  “For trusting me with them, for…letting me be a part of them.”
“Kian—”
“I know you have been worried,” Kian said, lifting his head from Daven’s shoulder to meet Daven’s gaze.  “And to be truthful, I thought leaving might be an option, especially after Taewon left.”
Daven felt his heart clench.
“But,” Kian smiled at him, the happy, beautiful smile that got Daven’s heart beating again.  “I’m not leaving, Daven.  I’m right where I want to be.”
“Not even when my father calls?” Daven felt compelled to ask.
“He can call,” Kian said, with a nod.  “On the phone, or visit, I will offer my opinion where he needs it, if he wants it.”
“You won’t regret—”
Daven stopped, and took Kian’s hand, holding it.  He looked around the kitchen, the messy counter, and the bags of groceries.  Zena and Aram’s voices drifted in from the living room.  His life was ordinary.  Quite removed from Kian’s extraordinary past.
Kian kissed him.
“I regret nothing, Daven.  I choose you, and this life of making pancakes with your niece.”
Daven nodded, and straightened up, only to have Kian get up and hurry to the laundry room tucked into the corner.  Kian came back holding a familiar black bag and placed it on the chair he had just vacated.
“Isn’t that the bag you were carting around at The Hague?” Daven asked.
Kian smiled and nodded.
“I asked your father to collect both bags from the Central Station.  I wasn’t sure it would happen, but your father had them delivered earlier today.”
“That’s great,” Daven said.
“In the spirit of discussing the future,” Kian said, opening up the bag to reveal bundles of money inside.  “How do you feel about moving States and becoming a home owner?”
“Buying a home?” Daven asked, pleasantly surprised.
“Yes.”  Kian nodded, closing the bag.  He dropped the bag on the floor and leaned on the kitchen table.  “I want that with you, Daven.  Make our own place, and if Naomi is okay with it, we can all live together.  Somewhere away from the city, because cities make me nervous.  Do you think it’s too much to ask—?”
Kian never got a chance to complete his thought, as Daven promptly pulled him into his arms and kissed him.  Relief flooding him at the idea of spending a lifetime with Kian.
***

Fifteen

Life truly came at you in twists and turns.
Had someone told Daven that he would be living on a ten-acre organic plant farm in Hana, Hawaii, he would have called him or her crazy.  In the span of six months, he and Kian had purchased the property, and revived the flower business that came with the land.  They had renovated the two-story home, making more than enough room for Naomi and the kids.
Kian had taken to the flower business like a fish to water.  The greenhouses were his favorite spot in the property, then the stream running through the property and the year round pond where Kian liked to swim.
Naomi’s choice to relocate her spa business to Maui humbled Daven.  She had insisted she wanted to live with him and Kian, and wanted the kids to grow up in a family.
Daven thought her choice selfless.
As for him, he had started a small private practice in the little city close to their farm.  He kept odd hours, and a staff of two nurses, who kept him busy enough with house calls around their neighborhood.
Love, Daven decided, was a series of sweet compromises.
Spreading honey mustard on oat bread, Daven added slices of ham, tomatoes and covered the sandwiches with another slice.  Taking a knife, he cut the sandwiches into neat halves and smiled when Aram and Zena came running into the kitchen from the garden.
“Look what we got,” Zena said, making Daven sneak a glance at them.
Zena was holding up a frog by the back legs.  Aram jumped around in delight and Daven hoped Naomi was nowhere close.  It was too early in the morning for a lecture.
“We found it in the flower garden, hiding under a stone,” Aram explained, jumping up and down when the frog continued to wiggle.
Daven hoped Zena’s fingers held the frog securely because it would be the worst if it got loose in the kitchen.  Reaching for napkins, Daven covered the sandwiches, and moved around the table, making space between him and the kids.
“Zena, why don’t we liberate the frog outside,” Daven said, hoping to God Kian was close.  “Don’t you think it’s going to get very hungry inside?”
“We can feed it,” Zena said, holding the frog tighter.  She peered into its eyes and he wondered how she was doing it.  “What do you think, Uncle Daven?  Uncle Kian says they swallow up bugs.  Do we have any?”
“I certainly hope not,” Daven said, starting the coffee maker.  The scent would bring in Kian, one of his little secrets whenever he wanted to see Kian.  “Zena—”
She screamed, and Aram followed suit, Daven leaned back into the counter behind him, hoping to God the frog was still in Zena’s hands.
“Hold it tight,” Daven said, when he realized it was a false start.
Zena grinned and held it up for him to see.
“Isn’t it pretty, Uncle Daven?”
“Pretty?” Daven’s gaze widened.  “Honey, I think you’re the prettiest.  Definitely the prettiest, why don’t you take the frog outside so that it can hop in the grass?”
“Does it jump in the grass?” Aram asked, peering at his sister, his fingers clenching his shorts tight.  His curiosity beat his squeamishness.
Daven closed his eyes in relief when he saw Kian appear at the doorway.  His boyfriend looked delicious in faded jeans, and a faded black t-shirt, his hair windswept.
Kian’s smile was ready as he took in the scene.
“Baby,” Daven said, glad the scent of coffee filled the kitchen.  “Why don’t you help Zena liberate that green creature?”
“What green creature?” Kian asked, crouching down to Zena’s height so that he could look at the frog she held.  “You don’t mean this handsome frog do you?”
“Yes, honey,” Daven nodded, pointing at it.  “We don’t want it jumping around in the kitchen.”
Kian stole a glance at him, then grinned and kissed Zena’s cheek.
“Can I hold your friend, Zena-chan?” Kian asked.
“Sure,” Zena said, handing over the frog to Kian.  “Mommy read us the story of the frog that turned into prince charming last night.  I thought if we kissed it, it would definitely turn.”
“Did you now?” Kian studied the frog.  “Hmm…I think this frog is just that, Zena.  What do you think, Aram?”
“I told her it wouldn’t turn into Prince Charming, because he doesn’t exist,” Aram answered, holding on to Kian’s arm, finding courage to stroke the frog’s head now that Kian was involved.
“How do you know?” Kian asked, looking at Aram.
“Mommy said,” Aram said, his tone matter of fact.
“I think Mommy is wrong,” Daven said, moving back to the table, confident that Kian would take the frog out.  “Prince Charming does exist.”
“Where?” Zena and Aram both asked.
“You’re looking at mine,” Daven said, picking up his knife and going back to halving sandwiches.  “Isn’t he handsome?”
“Do you mean Uncle Kian?” Aram asked, his gaze on Kian.
“Why yes, my little prince,” Daven said.  “Like recognizes like.”
“Don’t believe him,” Kian said in a dramatic whisper.  “He wants us to take the frog back to the garden.”
“No way, he was really hard to catch,” Zena complained, leaning on Kian, to stroke the frog’s head too.
Daven took his phone then and snapped a photo of Kian surrounded by the two kids.  Such moments made his heart ache, the way Kian’s eyes lit up at the trust Aram and Zena showered on him made Daven breathless.
Daven studied the picture for a moment, and then placed his phone on the table.  Kian was whispering to the kids, and he should have known they were plotting against him.  The next minute, Kian came to the table, the frog in his hand.  Daven abandoned the sandwiches and ran around the table.  The kids burst into delighted laughs as Kian chased after him.
Naomi came in at the climax, just as the poor frog escaped Kian’s hold and jumped to the windowsill.  Naomi screamed loud and they all turned to look at her.  The frog made good of the distraction, and escaped out the open window into the kitchen garden.  Daven sighed in relief, and grinned when Kian, Zena and Aram stood still their guilty gazes on Naomi.
“It wasn’t me,” they all said at once, making Daven laugh.
“Was that a frog in the kitchen?” Naomi asked, pointing to the open window.
“No.” Zena, Aram and Kian said, shaking their heads.
Daven grinned and returned to his sandwich making.
“Alright, all of you, if you don’t want trouble, head to the sink and wash your hands,” Daven ordered.  “You’ll be late for school.”
“It was a frog, wasn’t it?” Naomi asked, meeting Daven’s amused gaze.
The moment was too perfect to ruin with a lecture, so Daven waved Naomi’s question away.  Kian was at the sink helping the kids wash their hands.  When they were done, the kids ran out of the kitchen headed upstairs to get their school bags.  Kian sat at the kitchen table, and Daven took in Kian’s pleased expression.  His heart ached with love for this man who found such pleasure in the simplest of moments.
Daven stopped slicing sandwiches and poured a mug of black coffee for Kian.  He brought it to Kian.
“Morning,” Daven murmured into Kian’s ear.
Kian leaned into him, and took the mug drinking an appreciative sip.
“Where did they get a frog?” Naomi asked, closing the kitchen window.
“In the garden,” Daven said, moving back to pack sandwiches into lunch boxes.  “It’s been raining constantly these last few days.  There should be more than one hiding.”
Naomi shuddered and slid into a stool across Kian.
“Our new home is beautiful, but it’s going to take me a while to get used to the frogs,” Naomi said.
“The kids seem to love it,” Kian said, accepting a sandwich from Daven.  “I love that they’re running around outside in nature.  Kids should be allowed to play to their little hearts content.”
Daven smiled when Naomi nodded in agreement and leaned her elbows on the table.
“Well,” Naomi nodded.  “I have to say, living here is way more interesting.  I love the pace of life.  It’s much more relaxed and quiet.  The move was good for us.”
Daven met Kian’s gaze and a small smile passed between them.  When Zena and Aram returned, they all worked to get them eating their breakfast, with Daven packing lunch into their school bags.  Tranquility returned to the kitchen when Naomi left with the kids heading to school.
Daven sat next to Kian, watching Kian drink his coffee.
“Are you happy?” Daven asked, moving closer so that when Kian turned to him, their faces were inches apart.  “You looked happy trying to get me to touch a frog.”
Kian smiled.
“Doctor, isn’t it strange for you to be squeamish?”
“I have never liked amphibians,” Daven said, wrinkling his nose.
Kian reached up to touch his nose
“I discover new things about you daily.”
“As do I,” Daven said.  “Where were you, leaving me to fend for myself in the face of frogs?”
Kian sipped his coffee.
“Your dad sent me a message,” Kian answered.  “He wanted my opinion on a project he is planning.”
Daven swallowed hard.  His father’s projects meant the security agency was saving someone in trouble.  Kian helped where he could, but never agreed to go along on the actual mission.
“How is he doing?” Daven asked.
“He’s well.  He promised to visit soon,” Kian said.  “He misses you.”
“I miss you more,” Daven replied.  “I think, we should take advantage of the fact that we’re alone.”
Kian grinned and Daven took Kian’s coffee mug, moving it away.  Daven shifted in his chair until he sat facing Kian, then pulled him into a needy kiss.  Kian moaned and leaned into the kiss, eager for more.
Daven smiled and bunched Kian’s t-shirt helping him take it off.  He urged Kian to his feet, and amid delicious kisses, they stumbled out of the kitchen and into a small living room tucked by the kitchen.  The best thing about their new house was that there was no shortage of rooms to make love.
Daven moaned when Kian got on his knees and unzipped Daven’s jeans.   He lost the ability to think when Kian’s hot mouth wrapped around him and all Daven could do was sink his fingers into Kian’s hair.  There was nothing sexier than the sight of Kian’s lips wrapped around him, and the feel of Kian’s tongue stroking his hard length.  God, the need to come raced at him, and he had to literally pull Kian off him before he was over the moon.  Pushing Kian into the nearest lounge chair, Daven kissed Kian, tasting himself, savoring Kian’s taste and his.
Drunk with need, Daven took Kian like a man possessed.  Sliding into his lover with possessive obsession.  He grunted with satisfaction when Kian dug his fingers into his back and bit his shoulder trying to stifle his moans.  Daven stroked his length into Kian hard, deeper, taking all that Kian had to give.  He sighed in satisfaction when Kian arched into him, his head thrown back in ecstasy.
Holding himself deep in Kian, Daven took Kian’s lips in a hot kiss, savoring his taste, both of them caught in the peak of ecstasy.  When Daven couldn’t help but surge into Kian again, they both tripped over and came in violent jerks that had Kian clinging to Daven’s shoulders, his thighs tight around Daven’s waist.
Daven closed his eyes, as they remained locked in each other’s arms on the comfortable lounge chair in the sunny little living room in their home.
***
No longer counting the years, the days or time, Kian played with Daven’s dreadlocks, unwilling to let Daven off him.  They had shifted to the side so that Daven’s weight was not on him, but their limbs remained tangled.
This sort of heaven, Kian would have never dreamed it a year ago.
Outside, masses of trees surrounded the quirky house they had bought.  The trees offered plenty of cover to offer him the privacy he craved.  The fences installed around the property secure enough to assure him that his new family was safe.
Daven, Naomi and the kids were now his family, Kian thought.
His heart skipped at the miracle of the thought.  He hadn’t thought Daven would take him up on the offer to move States when he suggested it.  That Daven had was more than enough proof of their love, that Naomi had opted to come along made the reality of a family bond come true for him.
“Should we stay here all day?” Daven asked, dusting kisses along Kian’s neck, setting him aflame again.  A clever hand slid between them to capture Kian’s hardening length, Daven chuckled, the sound rambling.  “Looks like you agree.”
Kian moaned, pushing his length into Daven’s caress.
“I don’t mind making love with you all day,” Kian said.  “But, don’t you have to go in for office hours today?”
Daven lifted his head to meet Kian’s gaze.
“I thought I opened my own practice to make my own hours?”
Kian smiled, and shook his head.
“Your practice is closed half the time.”
Daven shrugged.
“They know where to find me if they need me.”
Kian sighed, and cupped Daven’s face, rubbing his fingers over Daven’s stubble.  Kian studied Daven for a moment.
“My turn to ask.  Do you regret any of it?”
“Any of what?” Daven asked.
“Meeting me,” Kian said, his tone soft, his insecurities high.  Some days, he could go crazy thinking about what Daven might have given up to live here with him.
“No,” Daven answered.  “I’m happy for all of it, Kian, even the worst.  Without it, I would never have met you.  What about you?  Do you regret spilling your milkshake on me?”
Kian grinned.
“That was the most favorite part.”
“Punk Prince,” Daven sighed.  “You love teasing me too much.  You’ll make me find my own milkshake.”
“I thought you said you were fond of that memory?” Kian asked.
“I am,” Daven said, kissing him.  “Always, Kian.  I didn’t know it then, but you were already mine.”
How swiftly Daven healed him.
So simply, Kian thought when Daven kissed him.
Turmoil set to rest, peace seeping into his very pores, Kian knew his life had started the moment he met Daven.  This man who dared love a man like him.
What could a lowly Assassin like him do but learn to live for this man?
Live until there was only happiness in every corner of his heart.
“I love you,” Kian murmured, because it felt right to say it.
“I love you,” Kian repeated, his voice stronger.
“I love you too, Assassin,” Daven said.
***
The End.
###

Other Books

Thank you for reading!  If you loved this story, consider checking out these others also written by Suilan Lee.
Always You, Only You
The Unexpected Gift of Love Anthology
Do You Know?
A Haunted Love
A Healing Heart
A Rescued Life
Electric Blue & Catnip
You Make Me…Crazy
Blu Dream
The Precious Teahouse
Kiss Me to Spring Time
Bovian Image
Love (Ai)
That Dog, Young Jae

About the Author:
Discover new works –in- progress at Suilan’s blog, like The Morgan Lore and Crown Prince Yoshi.  Connect with her on Social too.  Leave a message on her FB Page, or Follow her twitter Account.
Sui’s FB Page
Sui’s Twitter
Sui’s Blog
