The Battle for Amberg

A Jessica Thorpe Novel


By William Wresch
Copyright 2018 William Wresch
Smashwords Edition



Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.


In this introduction to the Jessica Thorpe Series, Jessica tends bar in a fading Wisconsin town.  It is January.  The usual misfits arrive from Wisconsin’s cities, up for a week or two as they work out their failings.  One man is different.  A failed politician, he is in town to rebuild his career.  All he needs is the local militia and Jessica’s help.  His cause?  Struggling local loggers.  Jessica wants to help the loggers too.  And that puts Jessica right in the middle as the militia takes over her tiny town.


Chapter 1
Early Arrivals

They both arrived early.  We get a few of such men every year, but usually not until the second or third week of January.   Over the years I have gotten a general sense for the process.  It may have been building for some time, but Christmas sees a peak.  Maybe it was a shouting match; maybe it involved punches.  Usually it is the wife or girlfriend on the other end.  Sometimes it is one of the kids.  Maybe the cops get involved, but usually not.  Things quiet for a few days while everyone sobers up, and maybe New Year’s Eve even involves a few laughs.  Then there is New Year’s Day with all the football games and drunks lying semi-comatose in front of the TV.
But the anger is still there.  Maybe it happens at work and HR gets involved.  Another woman to yell at.  Another call to security.  Maybe he goes back to the shop floor with everyone keeping their distance.  Maybe he takes his tools and heads out to the parking lot.  Hours pass.  Days pass.  At some point he packs a bag and heads north on 41.  We get him up here in the middle of nowhere.
Why?  He remembers us from deer season. Maybe it was this year, maybe it was half a dozen years ago, but he remembers nine days of men and beer and being outdoors.  From the Friday before Thanksgiving until the Sunday after, he was with friends, he had a rifle, he had long periods of quiet when he sat in a tree stand or lay behind a blind, or walked with others in a line across a field, driving deer toward others with guns.
When there was noise, it was loud.  Shouts as men played cards and drank beer.  Shouts across a barroom as men told bad jokes and drank beer.  Shouts in the woods as men pulled their kill across the ground to waiting cars and trucks.  Loud men, lots of beer, lots of space.  At least that’s how they remembered it.
So now with their world coming apart, they talked to the brother or cousin or friend who had a cabin in the woods, got the keys, and drove north, back to the cabin they remembered, back to the woods, back to this little town they recalled from deer season.  
But January isn’t November in northern Wisconsin.  It is far colder, the sun sets far earlier, and that cabin is far emptier.  They spend a day setting up basic living conditions: a little food for the twenty year old fridge, lots of blankets for the camp beds, wood for the fire and propane for the furnace, and case after case of Budweiser.
A day goes by, maybe three.  They’ve got their quiet, and their space, and their beer.  But it’s dark at four thirty, the TV reception is terrible and football season is mostly over anyway.  Somewhere through the second or third case of beer they remember there was a bar in town.  It was loud.  Men shouted at each and told jokes and shot pool for beers.  And it was warmer there than in the cabin.
So that’s when we see them.  The second or third week of January.  They sit at the bar.  Plenty of stools.  They order a beer.  If they’re from Chicago they make me keep count and they pay at the end.  If they’re from Milwaukee they put a ten on the bar and let me take what I need.  They’ll have me make a pizza in the toaster oven we have on the back counter.  Maybe they’ll have a shot or two – whiskey if they are from Chicago, brandy if they are from Milwaukee.  But mostly they drink beer – whatever is on tap.
At some point they will hit on me.  It’s pretty pathetic.  It’s like they think they have to, but they can barely remember the moves.  I can end it easily enough.  I just stand and look at them.  Eye to eye.  Do you really want me?  They can maintain eye contact for a second or two, and then they shrink back into themselves.  The beer gets real interesting, or the TV.  They get smaller in some way.  Their posture slips, their chest shrinks.  I think if I stood staring any longer they would break down completely.  But I turn away and find a part of the bar that needs wiping, or a customer who needs a refill.  And that ends that.  They never try a second time, no matter how many beers they have had.
I will see them again two or three times a week.  Beer, pizza, brandy.  This goes on for a month, maybe two.  By March they are gone.  The cabin was too cold, too empty, the woods too gray, too empty.  The bar too quiet, too empty.  They wanted time to be alone.  They got it.  By March they are back on 41 headed south. Back to some job, back to some arrangement with whatever family or friends they have left.  Maybe they are less angry.  Maybe they are somewhat chastened.  Maybe.  All I know is they never come back for another January in the woods.
That was the pattern I knew from eight years behind the bar.  Then the pattern was broken.  Two men came early.
The first – Zeke – came January second.  Nobody comes up that early.  It takes longer than that just to shake off the hangover, much less pack, find someone with a cabin, get the keys, and get up here. But there he was.  Midafternoon.  Looking for a beer.  
I was mostly cleaning, sometimes pouring another glass of white wine to my only customers – the Kaminski twins.  I would refill their glasses one time only (after all, they were ladies) while they played cribbage and described the various sins of the world as had been explained to them that morning on Fox News.  Our comments to each other never went beyond the weather – yes it was cold, going to be colder tomorrow.  That was our truce conversation after twenty years of nastiness, me being trailer trash and them being old maids.  They never left a tip, they never had more than two glasses of wine, and they left me alone while I cleaned, this day being especially bad since it included three days of serious drunkenness.  I used to think men could never hit the toilet.  Now I knew women couldn’t either.  I mopped, threw in toilet bowl cleaner, and backed out to let it all dry.
That’s when he walked in.  My first reaction?  I almost called 911.  Part of it was size.  He was well over six feet and probably went two fifty.  And he had this look.  He didn’t have a beard or mustache or any of that biker stuff, in fact his hair was short – almost military.  But somewhere in the last week he had lost his comb and his razer.  But it was his eyes that scared me.  He stared.  He stared at me, at the Kaminskis, at the bar, even at the cleaning supplies I had left outside the johns.  I thought of the terminator movie where he is cataloging what he sees, before he shoots it all.  I’m looking first at the eyes, then the hands, then the waist to see if he is armed.  Is he here to kill us, rob us, rape us?  What?  I have a sawed-off behind the bar, but it has been sitting there so long I expect the hammers are rusted in place.  But I start sliding in that direction.
  Then he sits down.  “Beer please.” And he puts a ten on the bar.  Okay, he is from Milwaukee, and maybe he won’t kill us.  I get a glass and put it under the tap.  We have two – Miller Lite and Budweiser.  I’m thinking lite beer might get my throat ripped out.  I get him a twelve ounce glass of Bud, and try to keep my hands steady enough to not spill it all over the bar.  I put it in front of him and dare to look directly at him while I take his ten.  He looks back, but he is not looking at me, he is looking through me.  It almost hurts, like he is pushing two lasers through me.  I turn to go back to my register and glance in the bar mirror.  Is he pulling out a gun?  No.  He drinks the beer straight down and stands.  I come back with his nine in change.  He puts a single on the bar, says “thanks,” and is gone.
I put both hands on the bar to steady myself, focus on my breathing, and wonder, what the hell was that?  For the first few minutes I wonder if he will charge back in, gun blazing.  But I see an F150 drive north out of town, and I know he is gone.
“Was that Rachel’s boy?” Elsie asks. Rachel who? is my first thought.
“No, Rachel had girls.” Mona replies.  That got them started about all the Rachels that once lived here and who they married and where they moved to, when they, like everyone else with any sense moved away.  They kept it up while they finished their cribbage game and their wine.  Then they were out the door.  No tip, of course.
I waited until they were gone, and then I got out the shotgun.  The lever worked smoothly so I broke it open to see if it was still loaded.  Yes, both barrels.  Twelve gauge buck shot.  It would do a lot of damage if fired.  And the hammers?  I didn’t pull them back, but I did check for rust.  It might be dusty from sitting behind the bar, but it looked like everything still worked.  I put it back and slid a bar towel over it.
Eight years I have worked here.  Clark showed me where the gun was my first day on the job.  We had taken it out, looked at it, checked it, and then put it back.  I hadn’t touched it since.  That day I did.
Zeke was back two days later.  That’s when I found out his name was “Zeke.”  Not that we had an extended conversation.  It was like, “Hi, I’m Jessica.”  “I’m Zeke.”  This time he came in later in the afternoon, put a twenty on the bar, and had a pizza along with several beers.  Up here you can usually get a conversation going if you mention the Packers, and I asked him if he had seen the last game.  “No.”  So much for that approach.  There were several other guys at the bar, all locals having a beer before they went home to wives, kids, and the usual, so I wandered around getting them more beer, talking the usual nonsense about the weather and the price of pulp wood.  I would check on Zeke from time to time to see if the pizza had been cooked okay, if he wanted another beer, et cetera, but his only response was “It’s fine.”  Over the course of the hour he was in the bar, he only spoke two other words: “It’s licensed.”  I was looking at the large automatic sitting on his right hip.  And that was that.
Was he connected to one of the people in town?  One of the Rachels?  None of the men at the bar seemed to know him, and the Kaminski twins hadn’t seemed to make any progress on his pedigree.  As for Zeke, he had given me his name, and that was all I was going to get for one night.  An hour after he walked in, he left me a dollar on the bar, got in his F150, and headed north out of town.

Angry man number two showed up Saturday afternoon.  He was easily a week ahead of the norm for these guys, and he was different in one other way – he was slick.  This happens once in a while.  Some weasel that has borrowed all the cash he can get and sold all the crap the gullible will buy, comes up here, usually with process servers on his tail.  These guys are dangerous.  They smile while they knife you.  I knew before he ordered his first drink he would be asking for credit.
James was his name, “But you can call me Jimmy.”  Slick Jimmy was pushing fifty and it had not been an easy push.  He was maybe five eleven, but he had to be carrying over two fifty, lots of it hanging over his belt.  His face was jowly, his hair thin, and his eyes never stopped moving.  He was monitoring the whole bar.  I asked “Jimmy” what he wanted, and of course it was Jim Beam – a double, “neat”, and of course when I brought it to him there was no cash on the bar.
“That will be six fifty,” I said.
“I would like to run a tab.”  He smiled, knowing in advance I would agree.  Who could disagree with “Jimmy”?
“Sure.  Just give me a credit card and I will start the tab.”  Oops, I think I see a smile slipping.
“Oh, let’s just keep this on a cash basis.”
“Sure.  That will be six fifty.” His eyes never left my face as he reached under his fat ass for his wallet.  Did he think I would change my mind?  Eventually the wallet came out and he unfolded a twenty.  Then he proved he was an absolute sleaze.  Rather than reach over the bar to hand me the bill, he kept his hand just inches from his shoulder and made me reach over to get the twenty.  As I reached, he made a point of staring at every inch of me.  Twenty years younger I might have been embarrassed.  But two husbands and two kids later, after eight years serving beer to drunk men, I just looked him in the eye and slowly took his money.  Talking as quietly as I could, but knowing he could still hear me, I said, “Yes, I’ve got tits, and they’re all mine.”
He acted like he could not hear me.  I got his change and moved on to other customers.  I assumed that was Jimmy’s last drink.  He could no more afford six fifty for a drink than I could.  And I was right.  He nursed that drink for two hours while he worked the room.  It was all handshakes, “Packers are going to the playoffs again, right?” and “Have you ever seen it this cold before?  All that global warming nonsense is a complete crock.”  He left at ten knowing the name of every man in the place, and no doubt already knowing who he could touch for a “loan.”
And my tip?  He left behind a quarter and a note. Written on the edge of a cocktail napkin he had written “I know we will be good friends.”  What an ass.
So that was the first week with these two.  They were early, which to me meant they had gotten into even more trouble than the usual bunch.  One was armed, and one was slick.  I assumed both were dangerous.  Wrong.  Even at thirty eight, I still had lots to learn.


Chapter 2
A “useta” town

To better understand what happened, it helps to understand this town.  For starters, if you get into a conversation with any of the geezers here in town, it only takes two sentences before you get to “useta.”  Things like “We useta have the largest hotel north of Milwaukee.”  Or “We useta have the largest granite cutting shed in the world.”   Give them half an hour, and they will give you a local history that is mostly accurate, all of it describing what “useta” be here.
All of that was before my time.  But if you want the short version, the town has basically collapsed three times.  The first time was the most dramatic.  The town is surrounded by granite outcroppings and there was a time when people used granite in building.  So a guy named Bill Amberg came to town, started a quarry west of town, and then built a cutting shed next to the tracks you can see across from this bar.  Was it the biggest shed in the world?  How would anyone know?  Do you see people taking measurements of sheds?  But it was big, and it and the quarry attracted hundreds of men in the early 1900s (yes, the town is that old).  Moving the blocks required rail lines, so there was also a lot of railroad men in town, so I have no doubt about there being a large hotel for all of them.  You also hear stories of monster brawls between the two groups, boys being boys.  So that’s the town for a few years.  Then some guy invents a new way to build buildings, and granite is no longer important.  OK, these things happen, but then the local boys make things worse.  They go on strike.  Who knows any more what they wanted – money, shorter hours, safer conditions?  A hundred years later it hardly matters.  Old Bill Amberg watches this go on for a few days and then says, “OK, good bye.”  He clears out his office, gets on a train, and goes off to start another business somewhere else.  Some claim Canada, some claim California.  Who cares?  A month goes by and people realize he ain’t coming back, and the business is really closed.  Most people just move away (folks from here are good at that), but a few folks decide they have a plan to make the world great again.  They hold a vote to rename the town from “Pike” to “Amberg.”  Surely with a town named after him, Bill will come back and all will be good.  To show you just how pathetic the whole thing is, they pick a day to celebrate the name change and send out an invite to Bill.  Surely he will attend.  Nope.  He never responds to the invite, and they never hear from him again.  You would think they would eventually get around to changing the name back to Pike, but they don’t.  Don’t ask me why.  Eventually the hotel and cutting shed burn down.  The quarry is still west of town if you want to see it.  Just a hole filled with water now.
The second collapse comes about twenty years later.  There was all pine forest around here, so much it took decades to clear.  But eventually they had cut it all.  So now what?  Why not sell the land to farmers.  They say the sales pitch began with “If it will grow trees, it will grow corn.”  They also say the companies brought farmers up to see the land in the winter when the snow covered all the stumps.  That’s probably true.  Anyway, during the 1920s lots of farmers moved up here, spent their lives blowing up stumps and planting crops only to find that the land was poor and the growing season was short.  They got some crops in, but they were barely hanging on when 1930 rolled along with the Great Depression.  That ended farming up here.  If you drive around you can see some one room schools that were used by the farmers, but the land was all taken for back taxes.  What did the county do with the land?  They planted trees.  Look at all the county forest as you drive around.  Pretty ironic, don’t you think?  Families worked themselves half to death to take forest land and make it farm land, and here we are back to trees.
The third collapse is going on now.  Paper mills were built in Green Bay and Appleton, and it turns out the jack pines and poplars planted on that old farm land work pretty well for creating paper pulp.  So the local boys would turn sixteen or eighteen, buy a chain saw, and cut pulpwood for a living.  It’s not an easy living.  I went out with my first husband a few times to help trim the wood he cut.  If you go in the summer, the mosquitoes are grateful for the feast, and if you go out in the winter, you spend all day tripping over stumps and roots you can’t see under the snow.  And of course you still go out in the summer and the winter because you want to eat.  
But now some of the mills are closing, and even the ones still open are using more recycled paper.  Depending on how many beers they have had, some men will blame the Chinese, others will quote the price of paper in Finland and tell you that is the problem.  But mostly we know the problem is electrons.  All the newspapers up here have closed, as has the local post office.  Who uses paper when you can use electrons?  Electrons are faster and cheaper – and cool.  There are still men out in the woods cutting pulp wood, but probably half as many as there were just ten years ago.
So there you have it – a ”useta” town.  We are down to maybe a hundred people in a dozen or so homes, a block-long Main Street -- and that is only occupied on one side.  What’s left is this bar, a small restaurant that changes hands every year or two, a tiny grocery store that is mostly just open in the summer and during deer season, and a post office building they closed two years ago.  Welcome to Amberg.  It useta be more.
What do people do now?  Some men still work in the woods.  Women mostly work retail or restaurant jobs in Wausaukee.  Old people collect social security and visit their doctors.  The young either go off to college or join the army.  And the young never come back.
None of this excuses what happened that winter.  It wasn’t right, and can’t be made right.  But in a useta town, sometimes people useta have better sense.


Chapter 3
Slick gets it started

“Call me Jimmy” came in every other night the first week, and every night the second week. This is not usual.  The norm for these guys is once every three or four days.  Maybe it takes that long for them to get themselves under control.  Maybe they just get bored.  Those cabins are meant for a week or two in November.  They aren’t insulated well, and it’s not like they have a lot of stuff in them.  So what do these guys do?  They drink, they stare at a TV screen full of ghosts, they microwave pizzas for themselves, and go through bag after bag of chips.  I have seen these guys load up at the local store.  It isn’t pretty.  They also take their guns out.  You can hear them blasting away at rocks or trees or tin cans.  They fire fast, and they fire a lot.  I don’t want to think about what images are in their heads as they shoot.  But you can hear them out in the woods, and you know they are firing off a lot of ammo.  Eventually that stops, not because their mood improves, but because they discover how much refills will cost them.  The gun store in Wausaukee is not cheap.  And these guys are not rich.  Half the time they are up here because they got laid off or fired.  Living from unemployment check to unemployment check does not leave a lot for ammo or pizza or beer.
So I was surprised to see Slick so often.  I was also unhappy about it.  He sat his fat ass on a stool, ordered his six fifty Jim Beam, and stared at me like I was a Christmas present he wanted to unwrap.  I could live with that.  You work in a bar you get that all the time.  What I couldn’t live with was his smile.  It was the smile of a snake.  You knew that would be the smile you saw as he tore out your throat with his teeth.  It got so as I got ready for work I went through my closet looking for the baggiest sweatshirt I had and the biggest flannel shirt.  I didn’t want him looking at me.  By the second week I got so I took the sawed off with me out to my car after I closed, just in case he was around.  The gun would be no problem with the cops.  I went to high school with those boys.  If they saw me I knew they would check my load and then promise to cruise by near closing time.  But I had a towel around the gun and no one saw me that I am aware of.
Zeke was more normal with his visits – every three days.  He ordered a beer, a pizza, and left after an hour.  On this third visit we had a conversation – sort of.  He still scared the heck out of me, and I really didn’t like that he had a gun on his hip, but I have found that if you start a conversation, sometimes you can head off trouble.  And on this third visit I thought I saw trouble.  He had ordered beer, but he was just staring at it.  He didn’t move a muscle, didn’t say a word.  He just stared at his beer.  There were a couple regulars in the bar so I didn’t completely lose control, but I was plenty worried.  Finally I worked up the courage to walk up to him.
“Is the beer OK?”
He looked up from the beer like he just realized he was not alone in the room.
“Do you know the history of breweries?”  What??  I had no idea what to say.
“Do you mean like Coors in the Rockies, and Schlitz and Pabst in Milwaukee?”
“No, Frontenac in Quebec.  He created the first brewery in North America in 1670.”  He says this staring at his beer again. I’m wondering if he has completely lost it.
“So the French could drink?”
“No, they were already plenty drunk.  They had wine and brandy and cognac.  He wanted something they could drink that had lower alcohol content so they might still have their wits around them when they walked home in the evening and not fall down and freeze to death.”
“So beer was good.”
“No, beer is bad.  But it is less bad than the alternatives.  That was Frontenac’s decision.”  He says this still staring at his beer.  I have no idea what to say.  Who the hell is Frontenac?  What does any of this have to do with anything?  I looked around and decided Eddie needed another beer, and I was off.  That was the last conversation we had that night, if you can call it a conversation.  Eventually Zeke drank his beer, ate his pizza, left me a one dollar tip, and drove off.  To this day I still do not have a clue what he was talking about.  I did Google “Frontenac” one day and found out he was a governor up there and there is a hotel named after him.  But I saw nothing about him and beer. Of course if you work in a bar, you hear lots of things you can’t find on Google.
It was the next week, the second week of January when Zeke and Slick were first in the bar at the same time.  Lots of folks were in.  No surprise there, it was colder than a witch’s tit.  I don’t have a thermometer at home, but I don’t need one.  My tires tell me the temperature.  They are old and cheap, and on a cold day they freeze.  The part that is on the ground freezes flat, so as I drive in to town the tires go thump, thump, thump as the flat part goes around.  This goes on for a quarter mile until the friction from hitting the road warms them up enough to melt and become flexible again.  That day I thought they were going to thump all the way into town.
So it was no surprise the bar filled up early.  The guys who had been cutting pulp were in by three.  Their faces were so red I wondered how they had lasted that long out there.  I gave them each a shot of brandy on the house.  Slick came in around four and ordered his six fifty Beam.  Once again he made me reach from his money, and once again I stared into his eyes, thinking if he says one word I’ll spit in his face.  He smiled that sick smile and made sure his fingers brushed mine while I took the bill.  What a pig.
About an hour later Zeke walked in.  He headed for his usual place at the bar, but then stopped dead in his tracks.  He stared at Slick.  Slick stared back.  I swear I thought they were going to pull out six guns and start shooting.  I am certain I saw Zeke’s hand slide near the gun on his hip.  Most of the other guys in the bar were talking to each other and didn’t take much notice at first, but gradually they became aware that something was up.  Heads started to turn.  And Zeke got bigger.  How do men do that?  It’s like he inhaled an extra couple gallons of air, and stood three inches taller.  If I was scared of him before, I was terrified now.  I looked at my sawed off, but didn’t even think of going toward it.  We were all going to be long dead before I took my first step.
But then it ended.  Zeke took the last couple steps to his stool and sat down, still staring at Slick.  I turned to look at Slick and saw that he was suddenly interested in his drink glass.  So no stare down.  And no shooting.  At least not tonight. I went back to breathing, and the loggers went back to talking.  
Do I have any idea what that was all about?  Not a chance.  I wait until my heart rate drops and then ask Zeke if he wants a beer.  “Yes please.”  But he’s not looking at me when he says it.  Where’s he looking?  I don’t have a clue.  Sort of towards the back bar, but I’m sure he’s not deciding which scotch he wants.  He drinks his beer, puts a dollar down for the beer and a dollar down for my tip, and he is gone.  He doesn’t come in again for over a week.
Meanwhile, Slick “call me Jimmy” finds his glass of Beam the most fascinating object in the universe until Zeke leaves.  Then, thirty seconds after the door closes, he turns to Billy, one of the younger loggers.
“Pretty cold out there today?”  
“Too damn cold.  Took forever just to get the truck started.” Billy’s about 19.  Still has a buzz cut from his time in the Army.  He made it about half way through Basic but then his back started acting up.  It doesn’t take much time out in the woods before you get injured from one thing or another.  You pick up a log and twist the wrong way, or one tree falls onto another and both come flying at you.  Billy worked out there maybe a year while he waited for his enlistment to start.  It was a year too long.  After six weeks in the Army he was back out in the woods.  What else was he going to do?
“You making decent money?”
“Hell no.” I don’t know if Billy had picked up profanity during his time in the Army, or if he was just getting started with it now that he saw the future in front of him.  He used to date my younger daughter.  He smiled more then. 
“What’s the problem?”  
At this point two other guys from Billy’s crew decide they should educate the strange guy.
“What’s NOT the problem?” Chuck White is the foreman.  He’s about forty.  He made a try for me once when I was between husbands.  The fact that he was newly married at the time didn’t slow him down.  And he’s not actually a bad looking guy, not that we have the highest standards up here.  He’s got good shoulders on him, and while he is mostly bald, he doesn’t try to hide it with a comb over or any of that nonsense.  And I have seen the way girls watch his backside as he walks through a room.  Maybe I watch too.  At least I used to.  The years have not been kind.  His work clothes are torn from branches grabbing at them, and he seems more stooped every time I see him.  He can still throw out his chest and put really big forearms on the bar when he has a mind to, but there is less and less of that.  And I can’t remember the last time he asked me out.
“We’re getting hit from every side.” Chuck continues.  He has slid around on his stool and is looking directly at Slick.  Chuck does this preacher routine periodically.  He decides the world needs to know what he knows.  I suppose that’s what bars are for.  “The price of pulp wood keeps dropping while the price of gas goes up, all equipment costs more – do you have any idea what a skidder costs?  Meanwhile, every land owner thinks they should be getting a bigger stumpage fee.”
“Stumpage fees?” Slick asks.
“I have to pay the landowner for the right to cut his precious trees.  For a typical forty it might be hundreds of dollars, more or less depending on the value of the timber I see when I cruise the land.  Of course whatever value I put on it, the owner is convinced it is worth more.  And maybe it was when his father got it cut thirty years ago, but it ain’t now.”
“When I drive around up here, I see county forest and state forest, and national forest.  Not much private land left.”
“There’s still some, but you are right about all the government land.  We can cut there, but it is a real pain in the ass.  Between all the environmental rules and the bureaucratic paperwork and the bidding process, I rather just leave it all alone.”
“Yeah, that’s government for you.” Slick nods his head.  Mister sympathy.  Did I see the start of that snake smile?  “But it’s public land, and you are the public.  Have you thought about just going in and cutting it?”
“That’s a good way to spend the winter in jail.”
“Maybe, maybe not.  Google a guy named ‘Bundy’ some time.  It might give you some ideas.  And I can put you in touch with some people who might be able to help out.”  Slick had left his bait out floating in the water.  He seemed to know it was too early to yank on the rod.  He smiled, waved to me like we were old friends, and left.
He hadn’t even made it all the way to the door when I stepped over to Chuck.  “Don’t even think about it.  You don’t need that kind of trouble.”
Chuck just smiled at me, looking a lot like he had back in the day.  Mister charm.  “Don’t worry about it, Jess.  We’re doing fine.  Sometimes we get a little loose with boundary markers, but we know not to mess with the government.”  Then he tells his crew it’s time for him to get home to the “ball and chain.”  He is looking at me with a funny little smile when he says this, and it almost feels like the old days.  Except I remember in the old days he was loose enough with boundary lines that he ended up in court a couple times.  Oh well, it was Melissa’s job (the ball and chain) to talk some sense into him.  I just pour beer.


Chapter 4
It gets started a couple acres at a time

Wednesday and Thursday I am off.  Morgan works those days.  Morgan.  What kind of name is that for a girl?  Isn’t that some kind of horse?  Clark hired her in one of his more brilliant moves.  She’s a hottie so he thinks she will bring in the younger guys.  What younger guys?  Does he plan to import them?  Besides, she’s a moron.  The only thing she knows anything about is nail polish and mascara, neither of which are a great conversation starter in a country bar. Start a conversation about anything else, and her response is “Oh, really?” Then she heads back to the Inquirer she keeps behind the bar.  I am sure Clark thinks she will eventually replace me.  Fat chance.  First, I have lots of miles left on this chassis, and second, if he is going to use her more, the first thing he should do is start checking the register more carefully after her shift.  Just saying.  
Anyway, I get two days off a week.  When I had the girls with me, those were my days to clean the house and do load after load of laundry.  They loved to change clothes.  These days I can get all that done in one morning.  So Wednesday is my afternoon to go shopping.  If I just need groceries I run down to Wausaukee, but if I want to window shop, I drive up to Iron Mountain.  I know, it seems a bit sad if your idea of a big city is Iron Mountain, but there is something about the place I like.
So, that Wednesday I headed up 141 for an afternoon of shopping.  North of Pembine I see a row of pickups parked along the road.  I recognize two of them, so I slow down to see who’s doing what.  It’s Chuck and his crew logging a second growth forty along the road.  On the north edge of this forty as a county forest – a pine plantation – and when I take a look over there, I decide I should pull over and talk to my old friend Chuck.
How do I describe what logging looks like up here?  Most pictures of logging are of huge trees logged in the Pacific Northwest.  They are massive and come crashing down mountainsides to be pulled in by huge machines.  That’s not what logging looks like in northern Wisconsin.  For one thing, it is flat here.  If we ever had hills around here, the glaciers scraped them off and pushed them down to Illinois.  For another, all the big white pines are long gone.  They were turned into two by fours a century ago.  That cleared land was turned into farms (I told you what happened to them), or just left in stumps.  Natural regrowth turned the pine forests into poplar, birch, and jack pines.  Maybe they get thirty or forty feet high.  Maybe they get twelve or fourteen inches in diameter.  So a guy with a chain saw can cut them down in a few minutes, then trim off the branches and cut them into hundred inch lengths.  The smaller sections get stacked.  The bigger ones are left where they fall.  Eventually the boss will bring in a flatbed truck with a hydraulic claw at the back and load them up.  In the meantime, the wood lot looks like a big mess.
I was wearing ankle-high snow boots.  It’s not like we dress for fashion up here.  But I was careful as I walked over to the boys.  They had a pretty good path in from their trucks, but you still can’t see what’s under the snow.  Could be rocks, roots, stumps.  You step on the side of any of those and you can snap an ankle fast.  Back when Tiny worked in the woods I went out to help a few times in the winter.  I never worked so hard in my life.  It’s not just the cutting and lifting, but it’s lifting while you balance on logs and branches under the snow.  I felt like a weightlifting ballerina.
So I wasn’t too surprised Chuck’s crew was sitting around a fire they had made from branches.  There was no wind, but it was still cold as hell.  It was January, after all.  And the work is tiring.  Of course, being men, they are never going to say they are tired.  They just decide the saw is getting dull and they need to sharpen some teeth.  So they go over to the fire, sit down on one of the logs they have cut, and take a file to their chain.  That’s what the three of them were doing.
“Hi Chuck.” I said as I approached.  I stood close enough to the fire to feel it on my face.  Of course my ass was still cold, but at least part of me was getting some warmth.
“Morning Jess.  Hear anything from Tiny?”  This is Chuck’s way to put me on the defensive.  He couldn’t care less about Tiny, but he thinks he can put me off my stride.  Just to be clear, Tiny was my first husband.  We were in high school together.  We started dating when I was fifteen and he was seventeen.  He had just made varsity of the football team – lineman, hence the joke about him being “tiny”.  We both had a bad case of high school hormones, and I was pregnant before the end of my sophomore year.  Tiffany came just after my sixteenth birthday.  Tiny was still seventeen.  I worried the hospital in Marinette would make some big deal out of our ages, but apparently we weren’t the first.  The local churches weren’t as open minded.  My mother insisted we get married.  And we tried, but it took over a year to find a minister who would do it.  Finally we tried the guy at the Presbyterian church in Athelstane.  I think the church had maybe twenty members.  It’s not like he had lots of other things to do, so he agreed to marry us – if he could also baptize Tiffany.  We agreed to a package deal, and that was that.  I hear that church is now some different kind of Presbyterian – some kind that hates gays.  Not sure how those geezers would know or care about sex one way or the other.  It’s not like any of them were getting any – gay, straight or anything in between.  
Anyway, Tiny worked the woods for a few months after high school and then joined the Army.  A couple months after he got to Germany he found his “true love.”  He never told me her name.  I think of her as Brunhilda and imagine her as six one and two hundred pounds.  Not that it matters.  It turns out the Army is pretty good about managing such marriages.  They made sure all the paperwork was done right and guaranteed I would get money every month for Tiffany.  So that’s that, and none of it is Chuck’s business.  He had his shot after Tiny left.
“I got a Christmas card from him.  He still thinks Germany is God’s perfect acre.”
“Never saw him as a Nazi, but people change.”
“Yeah.” I stood staring north at the county pine plantation.  Perfect rows of green, except the rows seemed a bit shorter at the edge of this wood lot.  I figured if I just stood and stared long enough he would say something, but he was pretending I was admiring the scenery.  “You know if I can see it from the road, so can anyone from the county.”
“If you mean a few pines that blew down onto this wood lot, these things just happen.  You can’t stop the wind.”
“Funny how the farther you go from the road, the more pines that blew down.”
“Yeah, the wind can be funny.”  At this point Billy and the other kid got up and carried their chainsaws back towards the poplars they were working on.  They pulled the starter cords and had the saws running while they still walked.  The noise meant they now heard nothing we said, and I guess that was the point.
“They’ll see the stumps, Chuck.”
“They get paid to sit in offices and drive to meetings.  Even if they saw something, they wouldn’t get out of their cars to check on it.  They wouldn’t want to get snow on their shoes.”
“The snow will be gone this spring.”
“And we will have cleared this lot and taken every stick down to Green Bay.”
“That’s how you are going to play it?”
“I have a payroll to meet.  A few hundred extra bucks makes that much easier.”
“Be careful, Chuck.  The county has lawyers and cops.”
“Will do.”  And he gives me a smile like he did back when we were in our twenties.  It almost worked back then.  I just waved and tip toed back to my car.  He had crossed a line, but maybe he had been crossing it for years.  And he did have a payroll to make.  I looked north again at the pines and hoped it didn’t look as obvious to others as it did to me.
Anyway, I had a quiet afternoon in Iron Mountain.  I found nothing to buy, but plenty to look at.  On my way south that afternoon I looked at where Chuck had been cutting.  Coming down from the north, the pine plantation looked undisturbed.  Good.

Thursday I had an odd meeting out on Dow Dam Road.  I was driving out to the cemetery to brush snow off my mother’s headstone.  Yes, I know, that seems odd.  Why bother?  I’m not sure I can explain why.  It’s not like she was such a marvelous mother.  Boy we used to have fights.  We would scream, and she would throw things, and if we hadn’t been out in the country, I think the cops would have been at our door every other day.  Part of it was her drinking.  She loved her brandy.  She told me once she was going to name me “Brandy,” but the nurses at the hospital talked her out of it.  Thank God.  Mostly I think we fought because we were the only people we had.  It was the two of us against the world with just the aluminum walls of the trailer protecting us.  She would never tell me who my father was.  She insisted on keeping that line of my birth certificate blank, no doubt despite the folks at the county office.  It was always just the two of us, and for some reason rather than hug each other, we shouted at each other.  Weird, I know.
So, for some reason I don’t understand, I am driving to my mother’s grave.  Then, up ahead on the road, I see something big and black.  I think maybe it’s a bear, so I slow down.  Then as I get closer, I see it is a man, and he is running, and I mean running hard.  It occurs to me something is wrong, so I slow down even more.  Then I see it is Zeke – the guy from the bar.  Now I don’t know what to do.  The guy scares the hell out of me, but here he is in some kind of emergency, so I get up maybe twenty feet from him and I stop.  I get out of the car and yell at him.
“Is there a problem?”
“What?”  He stops running and turns to look at me. He is breathing hard, and sweating pretty good, but I don’t see any signs of panic in his face.  Something is there, but not panic.  Is it anger? I take a step back and reach for my door handle.
“I thought you might be having a problem.”
“No, ah…”
“Jessica.  From the bar.”
“Oh. Yeah.”  He stands where he is and looks at me.  If he had taken a step in my direction I would have been in the car with the doors locked in a heartbeat.  Finally he seems to recognize me and his face changes again.  “I was just running.”
“People don’t do that much around here.” And they certainly don’t have that look on their face when they do.  At least I hope they don’t.
“It seemed like a good day for it.”
“Yes, well, if you are OK, I’ll let you get back to it.” I started pulling the car door open.
“Jessica, there was a man at the bar the other night.  Be careful of him.”
“I’ve had two husbands, two kids, and worked in a bar for eight years.  Careful is what I do best.”
“Good.”  He stood looking at me as I got in the car and drove on down the road.  I looked in the rear view mirror and saw he had started running back in the other direction.  I couldn’t be sure, but he seemed to be running more slowly.


Chapter 5
First Response

Friday as I came in to work I saw a county sheriff’s squad waiting by the front door.  Never a good way to start the day.  I parked, got out, and then waited to see what was going on.  It turned out to be Davey.  He was two years behind me in school, so I didn’t know him well, but when you go to a high school as small as ours, you sort of know everybody.  He got out of his squad and motioned me over.
“Hi Davey, should I be calling my attorney?”
“It wouldn’t hurt you to call me Sergeant Kekkonen, and why not get into the squad so we can talk.”
“Front seat or back?”
“Jesus, Jess, would you just get in?”  He pointed to the front door.  Did you ever get into the front seat of a squad?  Wow is it crowded.  He had a computer screen hanging between the seats, a shot gun screwed to the dash, and a bunch of paper forms and little lights on the dash.  He picked up a clip board from the passenger seat so I could get in.
“Did we get robbed?” I asked.  That seemed like the most reasonable explanation for his visit.
“No, this has nothing to do with the bar, although I do ask you to be careful about underage drinkers.”
“That’s that idiot Morgan.”
“I don’t care who it is, and frankly I don’t care if you let a few twenty year olds have a couple beers.  Just see if you can keep it to two.  I would much rather have them sitting with you than downing a case of Milwaukee’s Best up some logging road.”
“You mean like we used to do.”
“Exactly.  In a just world we would all be dead.”
“Wow.  You’re in a good mood.”
“Yeah, well, I’m here to share my problems with you.”  OK, so the social stuff was over.  Down to business – whatever that was.  Should I describe Davey?  Mid thirties, cop hair, blue eyes, fills out his uniform in a good way, height and general shape like you see in all Finlanders.  Meaning he probably just met the height restriction for the job.  On the plus side, while he was only about an inch taller than me, I had never seen any Napoleon complex in him.  He was always just one of the guys.
“OK,” I told him.  “Let it rip.”
“I have spent the last couple days thinking of how I can do my job without sending someone to jail.  But this guy needs to stop doing what he is doing. It occurred to me last night that you might be able to help.”  Well, he had my attention at this point.  I paused, I guess to let that sentence hang in the air, and I made sure I was looking him in the eyes when I responded.
“If I can help, I will.”
“Chuck White is cutting county trees.  He used to do a few here and there, and no one cared.  But now he has started taking more.  He’s got a cut north of Pembine where he must have taken a couple acres of pines in the school forest.”
“I was up there a couple days back.  He had taken a few, but certainly nothing like an acre’s worth.”
“I have been watching as I drive by.  Wednesday he might have taken ten trees.  Yesterday I went through again and he has taken at least two acres of trees.  He thinks you can’t see it from 141, but you would have to be blind to miss it.”
“What do you want me to do?”
“Jesus, Jess, isn’t it obvious?  Tell him to stop.  If I talk to him, I have to report it, and even if I don’t report the conversation, it would come out in a trial.  And I won’t perjure myself for him.  But hell, he was the cub scout leader for my boys.  I don’t want to see him in jail.  Neither does anyone else.  He comes into your bar most nights.  Pull him aside and set him straight.”
“I can try.”
“Jess, this is the only warning he gets.  The sale of those trees goes toward our school costs.  One more tree and he goes to jail.”
“Thanks, Dave.  I am sure he will appreciate the warning.”  I got out and stood for a minute while he drove away.  Did anyone see me with him?  In Amberg?  You could play scrabble on the center line on Main Street and be working on your second triple word score before you saw a car or a pedestrian.  At least that’s mostly true.  Mostly.
Anyway, I opened at two, same as usual, knowing it would just be me and the Kaminski twins for a couple hours.  Fine.  I would get some cleaning done.  It’s not like Morgan would have done anything.  And that’s the way it went for the first hour or so.  I cleaned the toilets, took out the trash, wiped down the bar, hooked up a new half barrel of Bud.  The usual.  The Kaminskis came in at two thirty.  I got them their wine.  I counted how many frozen pizzas we had, mostly just filling the time.
Then a little after three the place started filling up.  And I do mean filling.  It was cold, so I could understand men coming in early, but they just kept coming.  Friday night we do a little more business, but weekends are different up here.  That’s because we don’t really have them.  Most men work Saturday.  When you can barely cover your bills in five days, you work six.  So Friday night isn’t the same here as it might be places that had unions and regular work weeks.  But this Friday night was big.  We have a very large bar – a semicircle that takes up half the room, leaving just some space for a pool table and a couple small tables for the ladies (meaning the Kaminski twins).  By four almost all the bar stools were taken.
I’m waiting for Chuck to have our private conversation, but he seems to be late.  Meanwhile, who comes in like king of the place – Slick.  The SOB actually makes an entrance.  He starts with the guys by the door and shakes every hand, talking to each of them, using their names, and then slowly works along the bar to an empty stool at the far end, which I see now has been saved for him.  What the hell?  I’m gone for two days and the man gets himself elected god.
I ignore him.  God or not, he can just wait for his six fifty Jim Beam.  The bar is full, as I said, so I have lots of guys who need beer, and a couple who are waiting for pizzas.  Meanwhile, I am watching the door, waiting for Chuck.  He finally comes in, trailing Billy and Stevie.  There is one stool left and they head for that.  I put three beers in front of them and then point to Chuck.
“Let’s take a walk.”  I come around from behind the bar and head for the far corner back beyond the pool table.  He follows me over, and then stands real close like there is something going on between us.  Showing off for the boys.
“What’s with all the sweatshirts.  You look frumpy.” He says, leaning in toward me. 
“Oh and you are mister fashion, huh?”
“You used to look better.”
“Oh really?  Name one thing I wore last week.”
“Well…”
“I wore sweaters. It’s winter.  This bar is cold.”
“At least with sweaters you had a shape.”
“My God you men are simple.” I shook my head, caught my breath, and moved on.  What else are you going to do?  “I called you over here to warn you about cutting those trees.”
“You saw I only took a few.”
“You took a few the day I was there, then yesterday you took a couple acres.  Don’t lie to me.”
“My truck broke down.  The repair bill is thirteen hundred dollars.”
“County land is not a piggy bank.  You can’t just take trees whenever you are a few dollars short.”
“Well I needed it this time and I took it this time.”  He was getting louder and so was I.  I paused again and tried to take it back to a whisper.
“If you do it again, you are going to jail.  The Sheriff saw where you cut and apparently so did half the county workers.  The only reason you are not in jail is because you have friends in Marinette.  The message they have for you is simple – don’t do it again.  You have used up your get-out-of-jail free card.”
“I understand, but…”
“No, no, no.  No buts, no excuses, no clever responses.  Do you really want your boys to see you in jail?  They asked me to give you a message.  I gave you the message.  What happens now is on you head.”  I started to turn away, and then felt myself stop.  He was an old friend. I felt myself soften. “Just do the right thing Chuck.  OK?”  I looked at him until he nodded, and then went back to pouring beer.
Obviously we had been the center of attention while we were having our “private” conversation, but nobody said anything.  I toasted more pizza and poured more beer and the afternoon moved on.  Eventually I asked Slick if he wanted his usual, he nodded, and I brought him his glass.  I expected the usual nonsense with his money, but this time he puts it on my side of the bar.  No nonsense.  He even had a pleasant look on his face.  You know, like a normal person.  So I’m really confused.  And leery.  What’s his game now?  I paused for a second, looked at the money, and looked at him.  What’s the trick?
“Jessica,” he looks at me, his face innocent.  No cleverness, no smirk, no slick smile.  “You do a really good job running this bar.”  I face him, waiting for the quick jibe.  Surely there is a joke to follow.  But there isn’t.  It is just me looking at him, him looking at me.  Time passes.  Finally I say “Thank you” and go get his change.  Something new is going on with this guy.  I’m sure I’ll figure it out soon enough.  
Meanwhile, I have a bar full of men in need of beers and brandy.  And Chuck.  He takes a long time with his beer, and I can hear he is quietly talking to his guys.  I bring over another round.  “On the house.”  Chuck gives me a look and nods.  I get big “Thank yous” from Billy and Stevie.  One dollar beers matter at that age.
Anything else that night?  I watch faces.  I see Chuck look at Slick.  Slick smiles.  Not much reaction from Chuck.  Slick stays busy talking to a couple other loggers.  I hear the word “government” a number of times.  It is pronounced a special way.  Not quite a curse word, but close.
By seven most men are gone.  Home to wives or to a TV.  Mostly home to a couch before a bed.  Chain saws are heavy and logs don’t move themselves.  Men get tired.  And cold.  And sore.
Chuck left with most of the other guys.  I looked at him, he looked at me, and he nodded.  You have to hand it to guys.  They will never waste a word when a head nod will suffice.  No matter how helpful a few words would be.


Chapter 6
Husband Number Two

Saturday morning I decided to drive down to Wausaukee and visit husband number two.  You will recall that marriage number one ended even before high school ended.  Tiny graduated; I didn’t.  A year later he was in Germany where he discovered they had better beer and better women.  I don’t understand that, but I am done crying about it.
Husband number one almost directly caused husband number two.  The Army made sure I got child support.  It had to be direct deposited into a bank account.  I’m barely eighteen by this time, never had a job, never had a bank account, never dealt with any of that.  Now I have to learn about such stuff.  I needed three trips to the bank to have all the ID they wanted.  Who knew you needed a social security card?  Anyway, I’m running all around, baby on my hip, learning to be an adult, when someone asks me if I have insurance.  For the car?  Yes, and for the trailer.  Oops.  I am pretty sure we have nothing on either.  Turns out I am right.  Now that I have determined to act like an adult, I decide to get insurance.  Where do I go?  Richard Thorpe Insurance Agency, Wausaukee.
Rick is all of twenty two, just out of college, loans up to his eye balls to buy the one agency he could afford in a place he vaguely remembered driving through once on vacation.  He is young and lonely.  I am young and none too bright.  I get the insurance policies, he invites me out, we are an item for about three months, long enough to create Britney.  He takes me down to Sheboygan to meet his family, the “weekend” ends up being maybe an hour before he drives me back to Amberg crying all the way.
Family objections not withstanding, he decides to do the right thing.  We get married.  Britney is born, Rick starts looking for a wife more suitable to his family, namely one who finished high school and is not living in a trailer with a drunken mother.  He finds a teacher at Wausaukee High and his life is all straightened out.  I get another set of divorce papers to sign and a monthly child support check.  Life moves on.
I understand at this point a number of women would be pretty angry.  Basically I have been a starter wife for two men who decided to trade up pretty fast after giving me a kid.  And when I was eighteen, nineteen, and twenty you probably did not want to meet me when I was in one of my moods.  But it turned out my mother was a much better grandmother than mother, so I had more help than I expected, and the girls… well the girls were marvels.  Sweet, smart, helpful.  Sure they had bad days, but there were so many good days when I look back on those times I can only smile.
They are both in Green Bay now.  They went down for nursing school.  Tiffany first, then Britney two years later.  Lots of science classes but always As and Bs.  Tiffany is already an RN working for a hospital down there.  Britney will follow in another year.  Two sweet, successful young women.  I get down to see them about once a month, and we have a great time out shopping or trying a new restaurant.  They may have started life in a trailer, but they will not end there.
Where all this leads is, I don’t hate Rick.  He may have left me with another baby, but he also left me with a second beautiful girl who has become a successful woman.  I am grateful for that.
So that Saturday morning I drove down to Wausaukee and stopped at the Richard Thorpe Insurance Agency.  When I went in I discovered he was with a customer, no doubt talking him/her into a larger policy (“upselling” he explained to me one time) since you can never be too careful, can you?  Ten minutes later a couple came out, all smiles.  After all, they had just bought safety.
Rick walks them to the door, then turns and takes me in his arms.  He thinks because he was my husband, he still gets to kiss me.  And I guess he does.  Like I said, I got Britney out of the deal.  He kisses me and holds me tight, both arms wrapped around the small of my back – his favorite position.  He is definitely holding me tighter than usual, and as I feel his pants begin to bulge I push back a few inches.
“Easy, Rick.  Aren’t you getting anything at home?”
“Yes, we’re doing fine.  But I have missed you.” He is still holding tight.  And, yes, it’s not like I’m fighting him off.  The months I had him between the sheets were pretty good months.
“Unless that’s a gun in your pocket, you better cool down.”  We both laugh, but if we are separating, it’s no more than an inch or two.  This time I’m the one who initiates the kiss.  What a hussy.
“So,” he finally says (there might have been another kiss or two in there) “Besides brightening my day, what brings you to Wausaukee?”  At this point he’s got one hand running up and down my spine while the other hand is reaching for my ass.  You’d think we were sixteen.
“First,” I say, pretending there is something in my head besides hormones, “Thanks for Britney’s spring tuition.  She got As again this fall.  She is doing fine.”  I have my arms on his shoulders and my hands on the back of his head.  I don’t know if I am pulling myself up or pulling him down.  What the hell am I doing?
“Yes, she showed me.  We have a smart girl.”  He knows what he is doing with his hands – he is driving me crazy.
“Tell me something else.” We were kissing again and I’m not sure all those words came out right and I know the rest were pretty messed up. “You sell insurance to everyone in town and know everyone here.”
“Ah huh.”  He would have agreed with anything I said at that moment, not that he was hearing any of it.  He was slowly picking me up.
“How are the loggers doing?”
“What?”  Only my toes were still on the floor, but he stopped at that point, confused.
“Are loggers making any money?”
“Do you have a particular logger in mind?”  He’s looking into my eyes.  He is in mid seduction and suddenly he is really confused.  But I notice neither hand is relaxing its grip on me.  To be honest, I’m not exactly backing away either.
“No.  Relax.  You’re the last husband I plan on having.  I’m just wondering about the local economy.”
“It’s terrible.”  But he kisses me again and I can’t say the world feels terrible.  I’m beginning to wonder if his back office has a couch in it.  “They’re all in debt up to their eyeballs.  Ames Equipment won’t even service their vehicles any more.  Too many left him with unpaid bills.  Don’t tell anyone this, but we are cutting their insurance.  If they are late a day or two with a payment, we drop them.  Have to.  First thing guys do when trouble comes is manufacture an insurance loss.  They drop a board on a fender and say they hit a deer.  They get a check.  Some mysterious storm does hail damage to their roof.  They get a check.  It’s all fraud, we see it coming from a mile away, and cut their policy the minute we get the chance.”
“You do that?”
“Sorry, Jess.  That’s the way it works.”
“And it’s all of them?”
“We haven’t dropped insurance on all of them, but it will happen soon enough.  I assume they all have unpaid taxes.  Basically, I think this is the last year for logging in Marinette County.”  
Terrible news, but of course I had my arms around his neck so tight he must have been nearly choking, and he had his arms around my body so tight I can barely breathe.  As for the hand on my ass… well, we needed to find a room real fast.
And then we heard someone stopping outside the door.  Maybe they were reading the hours to see how late he was open Saturday.  I don’t know.  But it gave us just enough time to get our hands to ourselves.  I am sure it was still pretty obvious what had been going on, but not so obvious the customers turned around and left.  It was a young couple who looked at us, smiled, and asked about car insurance.  I left, and Rick turned and led the couple into his office, no doubt pleased to sit behind his desk where he could get himself back together.
I got in my car and waited several minutes for my breathing to slow down and my hormones to go back to where they belonged.  The local economy was terrible.  Why did I feel so good?
What do I say about the rest of that weekend?  Winter weekends are always slow, and this one was even slower.  I opened that Saturday at noon but closed again at 9.   There were always a few guys around playing pool and having a few beers, but none of them pushed more than five dollars over the bar.  I didn’t even sell any pizzas.  There was a playoff game on TV, but nobody seemed to pay much attention.  It was a Saturday, and guys weren’t shouting about football.  I wasn’t sure why I was even open.
Sunday was more typical.  I opened at eleven to get the church grannies.  It’s always the same three old ladies with their stoop-shouldered husbands.  They were always very proper.  They took in the church service around the corner and then came over here, their husbands opening the car door for them and everything.  They would sit at the bar, but somehow managed to make it look like they had just sat in a parlor from their younger days.  Very erect, very proper, they would ask, “Could I have a drink, please?”  And of course I was expected to know what their drink was (brandy obviously).  
I would put it in a nice rounded glass, and set it on a napkin in front of them.  Three brandies for the ladies, three beers for the men.  The six of them would talk among themselves, the men talking about whatever sport was currently in season, and the women alternating between the church service (“I wish he would speak up when he is reading the scriptures”) and whatever was new with grandchildren.  They would appear to be daintily sipping their brandies, but they went through them pretty fast.  I refilled without being asked.  They always had a second, never had a third.  At some point the husbands would each pull out a twenty, I would make change, they would leave me 75 cents for a tip (don’t ask me why 75 cents), and they would head home where I had always wondered how that noon meal got prepared.  Granted the ladies had only had two brandies, but they were well into their seventies, and while they walked out with grace and elegance (I am sure that was their aim at least), I could imagine the noon meal having some rough edges.
The rest of the afternoon it was just the usual football Sunday.  The playoffs had started.  The Packers were in (of course), and guys filled the bar.  I passed the time analyzing plays with several of them.  And a couple of them gave me a good look over.  I had gone back to wearing sweaters, by the way, so I had “a shape” again.  I wasn’t going to let Slick determine my wardrobe for me.  So it was smiles and jokes and why the officials were blind.  The hours went by.
Then Zeke came in.  It was about seven and most guys had left, but there were still a couple having one last game of pool.  So I wasn’t alone, thank God.  He sat down near the end of the bar, and he looked at me.  This was new.  I had seen him look at his beer, look at the bar, even look through me.  But I had never seen him look at me.  I was standing back by the cash register, and I stayed there.  He didn’t frighten me quite as much as he had the first couple times he had come in, but still, I decided to keep my distance.  He kept looking at me. 
“You shouldn’t stare” I finally said.  I am sure Clark would prefer I was nicer to customers, but this guy really creeped me out.”
“I am sorry.  Could I have a beer, please?”  He fiddled with his wallet to get out some cash while I brought over a glass of Bud, but he was looking at me again when I put the glass in front of him.
“He needs you.”
“I assume you mean call-me-Jimmy.”
“Yes.  He has a plan.  He always has a plan.  You will be part of it.”
“No I won’t.”
He just smiled.  
“You know him?”  I stood opposite him.  The closest I had ever stood.
“He’s a local politician.  Minor irritant.  Petty thief.  Hiding out for a while before he makes his big return.” 
“Local where?”
“Waukesha.”
“And you?”
“Waukesha.”
“And you are hiding out…”
“Administrative leave.”  He punctuated the words carefully, like they were hot and he needed to be careful how they moved through his mouth.  There was also a look on his face.  Maybe multiple looks.  None of them pleasant.  I think if I had punched him hard, the look would have been similar.  Whatever was contained in his face, it was clear our conversation was over.
“Zeke?  Thanks for the heads up.”  I gave him what I hoped was a pleasant smile and moved away.  There’s always another guy who needs another beer.
I had nothing more to say to him.  He drank his beer, then a second, then he was gone.  I finished my shift and locked up.  I had two guys from Waukesha to think about as I drove back to my trailer.  I was nervous about both.  But it was near the end of January.  Time for bad boys to go home, right?  


Chapter 7
Now It’s the Feds

I started Monday morning with a call to Davey.  Or should I say, Sergeant Kekkonen.  It’s funny how much high school stays with you.  He was two years behind me then, twenty years later, he still seems somehow like a younger brother.  But I asked for “Sergeant Kekkonen” when I called the Sheriff’s office.  I got through to him, but it was sort of an odd conversation.  “Davey, yes, I talked to Chuck, but I am calling about these two guys coming into the bar who seem odd to me.  I only know their first names, and no, they have not done anything illegal yet, but I worry about them.”  That was the essence of the conversation, and yes, it was just that silly.  I felt sorry for Davey.  I suspect if I was someone he didn’t know, this conversation would have been put in the circular file.  But Davey, being a friend, would try to do something.  What could he do?  I didn’t have any idea.
What could I do?  I locked my doors, same as always.  And I checked my deer rifle.  I had three actually, mine and one for each of my girls.  When they were in high school, I took them out deer hunting.  Mornings before work.  It never hurts a woman to know how to handle a gun.  And we got a deer three years running.  Both girls puked when we gutted the first one (I barely kept my breakfast down), but we got lots of roasts and sausage out of those deer.  
Now the girls’ rifles were in their closet, and mine was on the floor next to my bed.  Mine was loaded.  Winchester 30/30.  I figured it would handle any problems that came my way.
But the sun came up Monday morning and there had been no bloodshed.  My doors were still locked, and there were no footprints in the snow other than my own.  So much for my concerns of the night.  I did my usual morning routine - cereal, coffee, a little TV.  A few email messages telling me about great deals.  I washed some dishes, vacuumed a couple rooms.  By one thirty I was plenty ready to drive into town and open the bar.
Good thing I opened a bit early because I had barely gotten the Kaminski twins their wine when logging crews started coming in.  It was another cold January day, but no one quits at two.  I was surprised to see any loggers that early, much less three different crews – about a dozen guys all together.  And they weren’t there to drink beer and ogle my ass, although they did plenty of both.  They were there to talk.
How can I describe the conversation?  There was lots of talking, mostly from the three crew leads.  These guys were in their early forties.  You don’t see loggers much older than that.  By fifty they are either collecting disability or welfare or they have moved someplace warmer.  The other guys were a range of ages, some younger, some the same age as the crew leads.  A couple guys I guess were probably too young to drink, but I wasn’t going to embarrass them in front of their co-workers.  What I did do was raise one finger as I put the beer in front of them.  You get one, don’t ask for more.
The map conversation is probably worth describing.  We have a county map on one wall.  Why not, they are free.  The crew leads and most of the other guys were over there, sipping beer and staring at the map.
“Chuck said he was cutting here.”  Shorty is pointing with his finger.  “You take County A to Town Line Road, turn north, and there is an old logging trail going off to the west.  You have to take it slow, but he said our trucks can make it back in there.  It’s mostly white pine in there.  Not plantation.  It’s natural growth and probably eighty years old.  He said he cruised it and estimates every stick will be a double or triple.”
“Are you sure it’s Nicolet Forest?”
“Sure.  Check it yourself.  Measure it using this scale.  It has to be at least two miles onto federal land.”
At this point you can imagine the two words I am really unhappy to hear – “Chuck” and “Federal.”  I am mentally already adding a new combination – “federal prison.”  My first thought is – what is wrong with this guy?  But of course I can answer my own question just as fast.  He is desperate.  They all are.  These guys aren’t just looking at the map to see what Chuck is doing.  They are looking to see if they should join him.  What I am seeing is a coalition forming up.  If I go in, will you too?  No decision has been made yet, but they are clearly interested.  What will decide them?  They are waiting for Chuck to walk through the door.
It’s about a two hour wait.  What do they do in the meantime?  Some pool and lots of beer.  Making criminal decisions is thirsty work.  One of the crew leads buys a couple pizzas for his boys, and then the other two follow his example.  It occurs to me I am seeing a minor form of bribery.  Even if the leads choose to go in, they need the other guys to follow.  All of them could end up doing time.
What am I contributing to the conversation while all this is going on?  Nothing.  Not a word.  Two of the crews I don’t know well.  They are from Pembine.  One crew I know very well.  Yes, it’s another case where I went to high school with the guy, both him and his wife.  It’s funny how many people I know from high school even though I never did my senior year.  So did I call Shorty over and ask, did you talk to Jenny about this?  Either he would or he wouldn’t.  And either her opinion would matter or it wouldn’t.  And all of that talk might matter, but probably not as much as the fact his truck payment was three months overdue. 
So I said not a word.  I toasted pizzas and poured beer, and switched a couple of the boys over to cokes, and we waited.  We weren’t quite staring at the door, but it seemed like it.  But for the first hour the only time the door moved was when the Kaminski twins left, telling the world “It’s very noisy in here today.”  Yes it was.  A dozen men were talking about everything under the sun, but never really taking their focus off two places – the door and the map.
Just before five Chuck walked in with Billy right behind him.  If you took a picture of him at that moment and posted it on a wall, “Pride” would be the word you would put under it.  I hadn’t seen him this proud or happy in years.
“Drinks are on me, Jess.  Give them all a round.”  I started pouring more beers, but in truth, these guys didn’t care about the beer.  They wanted hear how it had gone.  There must have been six guys who asked at the same time – “How did it go?”
“For the first time in my life I was actually cutting real trees, not this poplar trash.  That’s like cutting celery.  But these are real trees and huge.  Every stick was a triple or a quad.  We had to put chains on all of them, but we got them loaded and filled the first flatbed by noon.  I sent Stevie down to Green Bay with the load.  Billy and I kept cutting until it got dark.  We will load that up first thing in the morning and fill a second load if Stevie gets back in time.  If the weather holds, we will be cutting and shipping double loads for a month.”
“And nobody saw you?”  Shorty asked that question.  It showed good sense.  He was the smartest guy in the bar.  And the truth was, he was asking the only question that mattered at the moment.
“No, no.  This place is to hell and gone.  The fire trail we took is so overgrown I had Billy jump out of the truck a couple times to cut brush so we could get through.  It has to be a decade since anyone was anywhere near this part of the forest.”
“That’s why the forest fires are so bad.”  Call-me-Jimmy had come in and of course he wanted folks to be looking at him.  “The environmental freaks have got the Forest Service scared to cut anything.  The forest gets overgrown, so one lightning strike burns thousands of acres.  What you guys are doing should have been done years ago.” I didn’t see any chain oil on his hands, but I guessed he was involved in this somehow.
“Show us where you were,” someone asked.  So Chuck walked over to the county map.
“Someone give me a pen and I’ll mark it for you.” He said.
“No don’t.” Jimmy shouted.  “You never know who might see it.”  And then he looked at me.  Thanks, Slick.  Now I’m the enemy?  “Just point it out.  These boys can read a map.”
“OK.”  He waited until the crew leads were around him.  “The easiest way to get in there is to use Town Line Road.  You go about two miles north of County A and you come over a slight hill.  Look to your left for a break in the trees.  It should be easier to see now that we have been over it.  The ground is frozen so you don’t have to worry about traction, but there is brush on both sides.  Just take it slow.  You will get your paint scraped a few places, but you can get through.”  He was using his finger to draw a line on the map.  “I was in a little over two miles when I found the stumpage I was looking for.”
“Where’s the ranger station?” Shorty again.  Another damn good question.
“It’s not on this map.  It’s clear over in Forest County maybe fifty miles west.  They have it near the camp grounds and those two lakes.”
“Yeah,” one of the guys added.  “I took the family camping over at Lake Nicolet.  That’s where the ranger station is so they can take camping fees and sell snacks to the tourists.”
“I heard they all got laid off for the winter.” Another guy said.  “The Forest Service is cutting back.”
“While they are somewhere warm,” Slick announces. “You men are fixing the forest for them.  You clear out the fire lane that should have been cleared out years ago, and you open a space for new growth.  Who knows.  Maybe they will even turn the open area into a new campground.  The eco freaks can pitch their little tents, commune with nature, and everyone is happy.”  The guy makes my skin crawl.  Did he really think they were buying that bs?  But as I looked around the room, I wondered if maybe they did buy at least some of it.  These were good men.  They didn’t steal.  At least not normally, even when desperate.  But this would be stealing, and they needed to deal with that somehow.  Slick was giving them words to use with their wives and kids – and themselves.
“If we followed you in there, where would we cut?”  This was one of the Pembine crew leads.  While he used the word “if,” I noticed what he was really asking was “how.”  He had made his decision.
“I have seen big stands here, here, and here.” Chuck was pointing with his forefinger.  “There are other good places too, but let’s think about being safe.  If we go in at least two miles, there is almost no way anyone could see or hear us.”  They all looked like bobble heads at that point.  Yes, go in two miles and be safe.  Did they give any thought to going in and out?  To a bunch of huge logging trucks suddenly coming down Town Line Road?  Yes, there weren’t many houses out there, and most were probably empty, but they wouldn’t all be.  And it would just take one old guy who gets annoyed by the all the noise and…
Should I have said something?  No.  They could all figure that out for themselves.  There was no way they could do this without risk.  They understood that.  And, as they talked among themselves, it was clear they were going to take that risk.  The crew leads were informally polling their crews, but I could tell from general body language everyone was on board.  This thing was going to happen.  
Chuck had a quick beer and then was gone, saying with a smile he had a big day ahead of him.  Billy stayed though.  He was the center of attention and he lapped it up, talking about how big the trees were, and how the ground shook when they went over.  Some guys listened to him, some stared at the map, others pulled out their phones to get maps of their own.  The bar is just off 141 so we get some coverage – maybe two bars.  It’s enough for most apps.  These guys wanted to trace the route for themselves.
Somewhere during that time, Slick got into his usual seat and waited for me.  With a smile.  Pleasant. We were friends now.  And I thought about what Zeke said.  He needed me.  For what?
“Thanks, Jess.”  I put his Beam in front of him and started to back away.  “Something is different about you today.  Your hair?”
“Nope.”  I moved off fast and poured more beer.  But I knew he was looking at me.  My hair.  It was different.  Not much.  I had combed it over my ears rather than pin it back.  Really just to keep my ears warmer.  Hadn’t given it any thought.  He had noticed.  And now I felt his eyes on me.  I had lots to do, and moved all over that bar, but I could feel his eyes on me.  Damn.
I waited while nearly every man in the place spoke with Billy, and then I asked him if he could help me get something out of the store room.  He immediately followed me to the back of the bar.  I pretended I needed his help carrying a couple twelve pack of Miller Lite (only losers from Chicago drink that stuff), but while he was picking up the beer I asked the obvious question.  The “Mom” question.
“Billy, are you sure?”
“We’re desperate, Mrs. Thorpe.  Our propane tank isn’t going to make it to spring.  And two days ago a man drove up from Green Bay threatening to take Mr. White’s loader.  I know what we are doing isn’t right, but…”  He didn’t have a way to finish his sentence, and I didn’t ask him to.
“I understand.  Have you talked to your mother about this?”
“Yes.  She’s worried.  But she needs what I can bring home.”
I gave him a hug.  Should have given him a lecture, but I couldn’t.  I hugged him and told him to say “Hi” to his mother for me.
Back in the bar, I could see all three crews huddled up.  Each in their own corner.  Two decisions had to be made, and both had to be unanimous.  Would they do it, and would they keep their mouths shut.  All the conversations were shorter than they should have been, but in truth, all decisions had been made when Chuck came into the bar.  They saw his face, and saw a feeling they wanted to share.  The only real decisions to be made were meeting places and starting times.  And that was that.  Amberg would now be stealing trees for a living.
I stood behind the bar and watched them finish their meetings and head home.  It didn’t take any time at all, and it was just me and Slick left.
“You usually pin your hair behind your ears.  It keeps it out of your way while you work.”
“Zeke says you always have a plan.  Does it involve keeping these guys out of jail?”
“Yes.  But I’m going to need your help.”
“Zeke says you are a petty thief.”
“He should know.  He’s one of the guys who cuffed me.”
I stared at him for the longest time.  I wasn’t sure what I should be seeing on his face, but what I saw was absolute calm.  Like the event was the most minor event in his life.  A conversation the two had had over golf.  It took me a while to compose the next question.
“Are you the reason he is here?”
“No, he is here for shooting a kid.  Ninety days while they do a review.”
“The kid was…”
“Killed.  Robbery that went bad.”
“Review?”
“The kid was fifteen.”
“So he needs to stay out of town.”
“Pretty much.”
“Why aren’t you in jail?”
“Accountants cleared it up.  Money went into account A.  Should have gone into account B.  Oops.”
“Will accountants get these loggers out of jail?”
“No.  You and I are going to do that.”
Time for me to stare at him again.  Time again to notice how calm he was.  He had the classic bar side pose – forearms on the bar, hands clasped near his drink, weight forward and slightly hunched with his face focused on me.  I could almost feel his eyes studying me.  He had noticed how I combed my hair.  What else was he seeing?
“There isn’t going to be a you and me.”
He just nodded his head and got up.  “Good night, Jessica.”  He pulled on his coat and left.  I got a smile and another nod of his head as he got to the door.  Whatever plan he had, he seemed to think it was going well.



Chapter 8
They Go All In

I don’t know how to describe Tuesday.  How about nerve racking?  The Green Bay TV stations pretty much ignore us up here, but I kept switching between the three of them while I had my breakfast and did some house cleaning.  How they would already know about a big bust in Nicolet Forest when the guys had barely arrived is of course a mystery, but it tells you how messed up my thinking was.  I was worried about the guys.  My imagination was running away with me.  I had images of forest rangers arriving by helicopter and arresting everyone.  How silly is that?
Anyway, I couldn’t stand waiting in the trailer anymore, so I went into work early.  Not that it helped much.  The place was just as empty as my trailer, and by two o’clock, almost as clean.  I kept the TV on even though I hate day time television.  And don’t get me started on twenty four hour news channels.
Fortunately right at two thirty the Kaminski twins arrived.  I poured their wine, brought it over to them, and even sat down at their table.  I thought maybe I would talk to them.  Huge mistake.  I keep forgetting I am trailer trash.  Before they could get too huffy about me intruding on their world, in comes Melissa and Jenny – the wives of Chuck and Shorty.
They sat at the other table – we have two in the whole place.  Melissa and Jenny are both pretty down to earth, and I would have taken them for girls who sit at the bar, but it was pretty obvious pretty fast they wanted a space to themselves where they – and we – could talk privately.  I made them each a brandy old fashioned sweet – official drink of Marinette County – and pulled up a chair.
“Shorty says they were all in here last night and agreed to do it.” Jenny looked over her shoulder at the Kaminskis.  There really wasn’t much room between the tables, so this conversation was not going to be all that private.  Jenny kept her back sort of hunched to the older ladies, and hung her head a bit.  She was my age, but she seemed to be struggling with the years.  She had put on some pounds since the last time I had seen her, and it was clear she hadn’t gotten her hair colored in quite a while.  It occurred to me when the money dries up, maybe it is the hair dressers who see it first.
“The Kaminskis were here yesterday afternoon when the planning was first done.” I said.  “They know about it all.” What I didn’t say is that those two poor old birds didn’t have a friend in the world.  There was no one they were going to tell this tale to.
“Too many people know.” Melissa wanted in on the conversation.  “Chuck should never have told anyone.  Well, maybe Shorty.”  Melissa still had her carefully died black hair.  Chuck could miss his payroll before she missed her hair appointment.  But black was good on her – the witch.  Did I mention Chuck might have been husband number three, but she had her claws into him plenty deep.
“I think you have to assume everyone knows at this point.”  I did so enjoy disagreeing with her.  “There are the two crews from Pembine plus the two from town.  And all those men have families.  Who knows who else they talked to?”
“Everybody in this town talks far too much.”  I couldn’t disagree with the witch on that one.  “Who knows how many people went out to that place this morning?”
“I talked to Shorty this morning.  He said he would go out one day, fill his flatbed once or twice, and then be done.”
“And you believed him?”  Melissa certainly knew exactly the wrong thing to say at exactly the wrong time.  Jenny looked like she wanted to cry, but then she also looked like she wanted to throw something.  It was an odd expression.
“They are taking some precautions.”  Here I am worried sick about these guys, but now I have to be the one calming influence.  “They are way far away from the park headquarters, the rangers are off work, and the road they are using is just a fire lane no one else will be using.”  It all sounded so safe.  I just hoped at least a little of it was true.
“Yeah, Chuck told me all of that too.”  Melissa was nearly shouting.  So much for privacy.  “None of that will keep them out of jail if anyone sees those logs going down the road.” 
“Melissa, what do you want from me?”  
“Send him home.  I know he will come in here on his way home.  He wants to show off how well he is doing.  He is like a little boy getting away with some trick at recess.  It is all stupid.  Send him home.  He spends far too much time hanging around here.”  And she looks directly at me so I would know what she is really saying is he spends too much time around me. 
“Men need to talk.  I’ll tell him you want him home, but…  Anyway, you each owe me four bucks for the drinks.”  That was rude of course, but if you want nice, be nice.  They paid up and left.  No tip of course.  On the way out Jenny said we should get together some time.  Nothing from Melissa.
What did they get out of their visit?  I tried to offer some reassurance.  And it broke up the afternoon.  Now they would have a little less time to wait for their men to come home.  And for me?  Appearances aside, I actually worried about both of those women.  They both had kids entering high school.  Bankruptcy would be bad; jail would be worse.  I don’t know how either of them were sleeping at night.
Meanwhile, I kept staring at the clock.  Three came fairly fast, but the clock took forever getting to four.  It gets dark in January around four thirty.  And even at four the sun is low enough it gets pretty dangerous trying to bring down trees.  So they should have finished their day at four, which would put them in my bar no later than four thirty.  I wiped down the bar for the tenth time, said good bye to the Kaminskis, and watched the clock.  Where were they?
It was well past five when they finally showed up.  They came in shouting and laughing, you’d think they had just beaten Crivitz High in football.  Why so late?  They were having so much fun out there they had actually used their truck headlights to guide their work for the last half hour.  Idiots.
All four crews came in, including a couple additional guys from Pembine.  And they were all celebrating.  They went through beer as fast as I could pour it.  When they started ordering pizzas I knew they were going to be there for a while, so I pulled Chuck aside – back to the far corner again.
“Melissa was in here this afternoon with Jenny.”
“And?”  He was looking over at the guys, at me, at the map – he was too excited to focus.
“She asked that you come home as soon as you could.” He still wasn’t paying much attention to me.  I actually grabbed his ears and turned his head toward me.  “Listen to me Chuck, she and Jenny are both scared to death about what you are doing.  You should talk to her.”
“Sure.  But first I need to spend a little time with my crew.  That’s just good management.”
“Yeah, whatever.”  I went back to pouring beer, and he went back to drinking.  As fast as I pulled one pizza from the toaster oven, I put in another.   You’d think it was New Year’s Eve.  Meanwhile, everyone had story to tell.  All of them had taken down bigger trees than they had ever cut before, and they wanted to tell about it.  How it had sounded.  How the ground had felt when it came down.  What the sticks looked like when put on the truck.  How one of the flatbeds had bellied from the weight.  They had never seen that before.  It was all new, it was all exciting, and they all wanted to talk about it.
At some point Slick came in and took his usual stool.  He listened to stories, shook hands, involved himself in the celebration even though I was certain he wouldn’t know which end of a chain saw to hold.  I gave him his glass and ignored him.  He returned the favor.
Eventually things quieted down enough that I thought I could carry on a conversation.  I stood near Chuck until I got his attention.  He looked at his beer first to see if I was there for a refill, but then he looked at me.  OK, here was my shot.
“Chuck, have you ever thought of cutting in the forest with a permit?  They must have some logging done from time to time.”
“I checked into that once.  It was a nightmare.  The bidding process was endless paper and the requirements were crazy.  You have to leave so many trees at such a height and repair roads to such a level, plus leave a deposit against damages.  It was stuff that I have never done, and really couldn’t afford to do.”
“You never would have gotten the contract.”  Slick was three stools down and decided he should join in.  At that point I knew this conversation was going nowhere.  “It’s all rigged.”  I smirked at that and he jumped all over me.  “Jess, I know you mean well, but let me tell you how the real world works.”  Now he’s getting loud and heads are turning his way.  “The big corporations pay to play.  Campaign funds, nice vacations, jobs for kids.  It happens lots of ways.  Then when government work needs doing, the corporations help write the bid specs.  By the time they stick in environmental this and environmental that, and assorted other specifications, there is only one entity that is capable of handling the contract – the corporation.  These guys” he waves toward the rest of the bar. “Would never have gotten a tree in that forest.”
“And you know this how?”  I am not going down without a fight.
“I know lots of things, Jess.  Sometime I will have to tell you about them.”  And he forms a grin I want to slap off his face.  Slimy bastard.
“Not in this lifetime.” I shake my head and walk back to the pizzas.  I hear a few laughs as I walk.  Score one for me.
Another hour goes by and a few guys begin to leave.  I am happy to see Chuck among them.  Slick goes out a few minutes later.  As he nears the door, he catches my eye and wags his finger.  No, no, he is saying.  I just shake my head and keep pouring beer.
The last guys leave a little after ten.  I am dead on my feet, but I do at least a minimal amount of cleaning.  Morgan can finish tomorrow (like that will really happen).  I put on my coat, look out the window and only see my truck.  You want to see empty?  Look at Amberg after dark.  If this logging effort goes bad, empty is what we will see in Amberg twenty four seven.  On that happy thought I drove back to my trailer.


Chapter 9
Into the Forest

Wednesday was my day off, but I found I couldn’t sit still.  I had the TV on to check for the worst, but it was all Packer stuff.  No big busts and police tape – yet.  I was not in the mood for shopping, and I didn’t really need groceries, so what was I going to do all day?
And then it occurred to me I should drive out there.  I am curious as hell about what they are doing.  Why not go see?  I think my truck will make it.  That’s not a certainty.  My piece of crap Dodge Ram was something I bought about ten years before back when I assumed all boys knew all things about cars and trucks.  So a couple guys say that’s the truck to have up here in the north woods, that’s the truck to buy.  Three brake jobs and two exhaust systems later, I am a lot more careful when guys start telling me about all the stuff they know.  The good news is the thing is fairly high off the ground, so I can drive over ruts if I need to.  I should be able to make it over the fire road they are talking about.  As for brush scraping the truck, if it took off some of the rust, that was fine with me.
So I got out a big thermos and some hot chocolate mix, boiled some water, and I was ready to go.  I would give the guys a treat and satisfy my curiosity at the same time.
Could I find the place?  No problem.  I turned off of A onto Town Line Road and even before I start counting down the miles to the fire lane I could see the trail the trucks have left behind.  Big logging trucks do not pass invisibly.  If there is any mud, their tires will leave a trail.  It is too cold for mud, but they are leaving plenty of evidence anyway – pine branches, streams of needles, pine cones…  Hansel and Gretel would love following this trail back.  I just turned in where the trucks have obviously turned out, and I was on the fire lane.
I took it slow, but the lane was in pretty good shape.  I bounced a couple times, but I never hit bottom, and while they were right about the branches scraping the truck, like I said, I really don’t care.  So it only took me five or ten minutes to get where they were logging.  Chuck’s area was first, cutting on the north side – the right side – of the fire lane.  His flatbed was out, so it must have been taking a load to Green Bay.  I looked for tracks to ensure I didn’t park where the truck would go when it returned.  I was a little uncomfortable leaving the fire lane, but Chuck saw me and waved me toward a fairly open area.  There must have been pickups there before me.  The spot was flat and the snow was fairly packed down.
“Come to see the show?”  Chuck said as he stood by my door.
“Yes, but I brought some hot chocolate to pay for my admission.”  I got out carrying the thermos.  He hugged me around the shoulders and led me to a couple logs they had been sitting on.  Along the way he rubbed his hand down my arm.  Jesus, Chuck, give a man a couple dollars and he thinks he’s God’s gift to women.  But I didn’t fight it.  We sat next to each other on the log, and I poured out some hot chocolate for him.
“So what do you think?” he asked.  I looked around.  In one sense the place was a real mess.  Trees had been downed, cut, and dragged over to the truck, so there were ruts in the snow.  And of course there were branches everywhere.  It looked like they tried to pile them in one area, but there were still plenty left all over.  He had a bunch of logs piled near where the truck would go.  He was right about their size.    Lots of them looked like they had thirty inch diameters.  In many ways it looked like pictures from the old days.  Marinette has a logging museum, and I took the kids down there one time.  They have a model of a logging camp, the tools they used, and lots of pictures.  Most were taken in winter, because that’s when most of the logging up here was done.  Mostly it was farm kids who did the cutting.  They had fields to plow in the spring, but winter they were available to work the camps.  And winter was easier to move the huge logs.  Some crews even made ice roads and moved the logs on sleds.  The ground was hard and the rivers were frozen, so they moved the logs to the water, and waited for spring thaw to flush the timber down to the mills.
“They are huge.  Can your equipment handle the weight?”
“Not easily.  We have to be careful.  On the other hand, these are so big we don’t need to handle as many.  Here, let me show you where we are working.”  We stood up, and he immediately put an arm around my shoulders as he pointed with his other hand.  Oh Chuck, could you be any more obvious?  “This pine stand goes on for another hundred yards, back over that ridge.  I think it will take us three weeks to take them all.”
“You can’t be out here three weeks, Chuck.”  I turned to him.  He’s still got his arm around me.
“The guys in Green Bay practically wet themselves when they see these logs coming in.  They are throwing money at us.  Three weeks and I can clear out all my bills.”
“You’ll never have that long.  Your trucks are leaving a trail all along Town Line Road.  All it takes is one sheriff’s deputy doing a patrol in this area and you are busted.”
“Yes, I saw that too this morning.  We are being more careful with our loads now.  And, all it takes is some wind and maybe some snow and what is on the road will be invisible.”
“You are dreaming Chuck.”
“Maybe, but...”At this point he had put his second hand on my shoulders and was standing way too close.  Then he jerked and pointed to the west.  “Goddam it.  Give me a ride up there will you?”  I looked in the direction he was pointing, but I didn’t really see anything.  But he was rushing, and I tried to keep up as we plowed through the snow and back to my truck.  It was only after I had the truck backed onto the fire lane and had started west that I saw what had concerned him – smoke.
One of the Pembine crews was working the south side of the fire lane maybe two hundred yards further into the forest.  I went as fast as I could, but I was still just creeping along.  The lane was uneven, and I really didn’t want to bottom out and wreck my truck.  Chuck was already opening the door before I even came to a complete stop at their camp.  Four guys were sitting around a small fire filing their saws and warming themselves, just like they would have any other day.
“We talked about this.” Chuck said as he ran over to their fire.  “We agreed.”  He stood next to the fire looking at the men.  I didn’t see the crew leader among them.  
“What did we agree to?” one of the guys asked.  I hadn’t seen him before. 
“No fires.  Ever.  We don’t want smoke.”  As he is talking, Chuck is kicking snow on the fire.
“Oh yeah,” one of the other guys says.  I don’t want to claim that every man from Pembine is a moron.  Maybe it’s just the ones I have met.  They still don’t seem too concerned, but eventually they get up and start putting snow on the fire too.
“Where’s Johnson?”
“He took the load down to Green Bay.”
“Okay, guys listen.  We can have no fires.  I don’t care if you get cold.  I get cold too.  But the smoke rises above the trees.  It will be seen by people.  So, no fires.  Do you understand?”  They nodded their heads.  I think even in Pembine that means agreement.  Did they really understand?  Who knew?
Chuck waited there until the fire was completely out, and then he got back into my truck.  I slowly backed down the fire lane to his area and swung into the place I had used before.  But we stayed in the truck.
“The only way this works, Chuck, is if all the cops are stupid, and all your boys are smart.  What do you think the odds of that happening are?”
“I thought about not letting the other crews know about this, but I know they are just as desperate as I am.  Besides if they saw one of my loads in Green Bay, they would figure something was up.”
“OK, so you did the right thing, and besides you didn’t have much choice. Here we are.  What do you do next?”
“I work my ass off for three weeks.  That’s all I know how to do.”
“I guess I can appreciate that.  Good luck.”
“Thanks.”  At this point he puts his hand on my thigh, and I swear he is leaning in to kiss me.
“Get out of my truck, Chuck.  You had your shot twenty years ago.”
“I was young and very stupid.”
“Weren’t we all.”  He gives me a look like, yes, we are still friends, and gets out.  By the time I get the truck backed around, he has got his saw and is heading towards another huge pine.  He may have his shortcomings, but laziness isn’t one of them.  He really will work his ass off for three weeks – if he gets the opportunity.  
I slowly negotiated the fire lane and finally came out onto Town Line road.  I thought Chuck was dreaming about people not seeing the pine trash they were leaving all over the road.  But it was January, there was not much traffic out here, and maybe a very kind wind would blow everything into the snow banks.  Maybe.


Chapter 10
2 Crazies Arrive

Thursday I was much more relaxed.  Don’t ask me why.  Maybe I was getting used to the risks these guys were taking.  Maybe it just all seemed inevitable.  Whatever was going to happen was going to happen.  So I relaxed and spent the day doing little things.  I did a couple loads of laundry, went down to Wausaukee for some groceries, watched some TV.  In the evening I called my girls, and I must have talked to each of them for an hour.  What was the sum total of our conversation?  They were fine, I was fine.  That’s all we wanted to know.  I went to bed relaxed and happy.
Normally Friday is nothing special, since, like I think I said, most of these guys work Saturday too.  And while it is nominally payday, there have been plenty of Fridays where pay was late, and even then it was pretty meager.  But I thought this Friday might be different.  I was pretty confident all the loggers were going to get paid tonight, and they would push a fair amount of it over the bar.  So I went in early.  Good thing.  Morgan had done no cleaning at all.  What a surprise.  
I took out load after load of garbage, hooked up another half barrel of Bud, restocked the back bar, and brought in more pizzas.  Somewhere in there I also got the Kaminskis their drinks.  The afternoon passed.
Once again it was a little after five when they roared in, and once again it was party time.  If anything, they were even more happy than they had been when I saw them on Tuesday.  After all, this was pay day.  Most of the loggers sat at the bar and had their first beer while the crew leads took a chair at one of the tables.  In past weeks, with just two Amberg crews, each had their own table.  But it looked like the Pembine crews were going to be paid here too, so the Pembine leads took one table and the Amberg leads took the other.  Each man had a notepad, really just the kind of thing you use in school.  I have no idea how they handle taxes with records like that, but that’s their problem I guess.
Anyway, pay up here is strictly cash.  Either the crew lead goes to the bank and gets a bunch, or whoever drives the last load to Green Bay gets a check from the timber wholesalers, drops it at the bank in Wausaukee, and gets a bank bag filled with whatever cash the boss has asked for.  Generally, the guys up here are paid by the stick.  Bigger trees count as doubles or triples, so the more you cut, and the bigger the tree, the more you get paid.  The crew leads had their pencils out doing the final calculations for the week, although it has to be as much guess work as anything.  After all, are they really counting every single log all week long, or just trying to keep a rough count.  My money is on the rough count.  In any case, they come up with a number, call a logger over, get his agreement on the number, and then hand over the cash.  I didn’t see any disagreement on the numbers.  What I saw was lots of smiles as guys nodded their agreement and then headed back to the bar with a fist full of twenties.
Half an hour later everyone had been paid, everyone had put away at least two beers, and the crew leads had pushed their note pads and bank bags into deep coat pockets.  They had their own wad of twenties, and their own smiles.  I kept the beers and pizzas coming, and everyone was happy.
Slick arrived in the midst of all this.  I gave him his drink and rushed back to the pizza machine, but I thought I heard him tell Chuck, “I told you this was going to work out.”  What had his involvement been in all this?  He had done or said something.  As to what it had been, I didn’t have time to think much about it.  Thirsty guys keep you running pretty good.
Then it seemed like time stopped.  Two crazies walked in.  They each had an AR-15 strapped to their back.  The stock was by their left shoulder, the muzzle down by their right hand.  It was clear they could pull the gun around under their right arm and be firing rounds in a heartbeat.  What the Hell?  Everyone else had the same reaction.  Talking stopped immediately.  You could hear every step they made as they walked through the bar toward Slick.  These were both big guys, somewhere in their thirties, dressed in camo, with faces that hadn’t formed a smile in decades.  My first thought was they had come in to shoot Slick.  Unfortunately, I was wrong.
He got up from his stool, and shook hands with both, did that goofy half-hug that guys will do, meanwhile filling the air with “Good to see you, thanks for coming, let me introduce you around, but first let me get you a drink.”
“Jess,” he turns to me all loud and proud. “Two beers for my good friends.”
“No.”  Slick looks at me like I just slapped him.  I wish I had.
“Two beers.”  I guess he thinks a second request will get a different answer.
“I don’t serve armed men.”
“This is still America.”  He gets all puffy like he is talking to an audience of thousands.  In his dreams.  “We have the constitutional right to bear arms.”
“This is still America, and I have the constitutional right to deny service to anyone.  Your friends get a beer after they take their machine guns back out to their car.”
“There’s no sign on the door.” One of the crazies says.  I ignore him and keep talking to Slick.
“The locals know better.  Your friends should too.  The guns go.”  I stare, he stares, everyone in the place is watching.  Finally Slick breaks into a goofy smile.
“Put ‘em away, guys.  I think the Constitution is safe in here.”  And they head back out the door.  Slick keeps looking at me.  “Now how about a couple beers for when they get back.  Those boys have driven all day to get here.”  I put two beers in front of him and go back to serving my regulars.
Things settle down after that.  I go on serving beer, and Slick introduces the boys around.  I hear a bit here and there.  “Let me introduce Major So and So, and Sergeant So and So.  They are here in case we need them.”  What we would need them for is a mystery to me.  I think we already have plenty of trouble waiting for us.  But I kept bringing out the pizzas and pouring beer plus a few shots.  The pool table stayed busy, and it seemed to me most of the guys said “Hi” and then went back to talking with their friends.  
Eventually guys started leaving.  The crew leads were first.  They had bank bags to make their wives happy.  Hopefully their wives would reciprocate.  Long word, but I’m sure you know what I mean.  Meanwhile, beer flows, time flies, and eventually the place clears out, the crazies with them.  I locked the door and went back to the store room to restock my bar.
Slick is waiting for me.  He comes out of the men’s room and now blocks the door of the store room.  Two hundred and fifty pounds fills the doorway from side to side.  I’m not going anywhere.   And then he has company.  The two crazies are back, both now carrying their rifles.  Somehow they got through my locked door.  Shit.
“It’s time for us to talk, Jess.”  
I have this crazy idea of throwing a twelve pack of Bud at him.  Probably should have.  Not that it would have done any good.  
“Say what you want to say, and get out.  We are closed.”  That probably would have sounded better if I hadn’t already started shaking.  Three men, two rifles, one woman.  I knew where this was headed.
“Come here, Jess.”  He held an arm out.  The stockroom was barely eight by eight.  I had slid back maybe half a step, but it’s not like I had some place to go.  I waited until he moved his hand again, and then I stepped closer.  I paused, then finished moving up to him.  I kept my chin up, and tried to breathe as well as I could.  Maybe I’d get a punch in before they started on me.
“These two men are an important part of our plan.  I want you to meet them.”  And then he actually introduces them!  “This is Major Anderson, and this is Sergeant Wolfe.”  He pointed over his left shoulder for one and his right shoulder for the other.  I immediately forgot both names.  All I saw were their rifles.  Both men were holding them in front of their chests.  They nodded in my general direction when introduced, and I nodded back.  Or at least I tried.
“From now on they will be permitted to carry their weapons in your bar.  Agreed?”  I nodded.  At least I moved my head in the general direction of a nod.  “I also think you should apologize to them for shouting at them.”
This is where I say I told them to go to hell.  But of course I didn’t.  My mouth was so dry I did not think I could say words, but I did manage “Sorry.”
Both men mumbled something about accepting my apology, but I didn’t see much forgiveness in their faces.
“Gentlemen, you can both retire now.  I think your part of this matter is settled.”  Slick says this while looking at me.  They both turn and leave.  Back into the bar?  Out of the bar?  I can’t see.  What I can see is Slick still blocking the doorway.  We aren’t done yet.
“Jessica, you and I have much to do together, and I am sure at times we will disagree.  We need to set ground rules for how we will disagree.  First, our disagreements will be private.  You will not embarrass me in public.  This is important.”  He paused.  He is staring at me, his right hand is now holding the back of my neck, directing my face up at him.  
I know he can feel my body shaking.  I am really pissed about that.  And even more pissed when I hear myself say, “I understand.”
“Take off your sweater.”
I didn’t hesitate.  Off it came.  I yanked it over my head and dropped it on a case of beer.
“Are you embarrassed?”
“Yes.”
He kept one hand on the back of my neck, and wrapped the other around my back, pulling me against him.  My bra was crushed against his chest.  He looked down at my breasts, then looked into my eyes.
“Just making sure you understand how it feels.  You don’t like it, do you?”
“No.”
“You don’t have to love me.  You don’t have to sleep with me.  But you do have to respect me.  Clear?”
I nodded.
“This is where you apologize.”
I didn’t hesitate a moment.  “I am sorry I embarrassed you and your friends.”
“Jess, they are going to be your friends too, just wait.”
He hugged me tighter, then stepped back, pulling me into the bar, an arm still around me.  The two gun guys were still there.  Both now seeing me wearing just a bra.  One had a camera out.  Video.  Me walking to the door in Slick’s arms.  I couldn’t believe how angry I was.  And how scared.
He stopped at the door.
“I won’t ask you to kiss me.  But I would like to hear you wish me a good night, and sound like you mean it.”  He was close again.  His face just inches from mine.  It was such a classic pose, I almost did kiss him.  How’s that for crazy?  Instead, I did as he asked, and wished him a good night.  He smiled, I smiled.
“One more thing.  I like what you did with your hair.  I also want you to work on your wardrobe.  Amberg is going to get a lot of visitors soon.  Wear dresses from now on.  Look sharp.  It matters.  Besides, if I see you in a dress, I will know we are still good friends.  And when you put on that dress, you can remember what it felt like to have my arms around you.”  He pulled me even tighter, and this time we kissed.
“Now I am going to walk over to my car, and you are going to stand here in the doorway until I get there.  You are my good friend and you like to watch me.”  
So I stood there, out in the January night, half naked.  He got to his car and waved, and I even waved back.  He drove away and I backed into the bar, locked the door and raced around the back of the bar to my sawed off.  It was gone.  So was anything I could use as a weapon.  Even the knife I used for slicing lemons was gone.  I had nothing.  Nothing.  My sweater was piled in the storeroom.  I put it on, then rushed to the bathroom and puked.  I did it again, and again, and again.  


Chapter 11
A Very Long Day

I woke up curled in a tight ball.  My arms were around my chest and my knees were pulled nearly to my chin.  I laid there for a long time.  I could think of no reason to move.  Then suddenly I thought about a shower, and instantly it was the most important thing in the world.  I rushed to the bathroom and got in the shower.  I washed myself over and over.  I bet I did it ten times.  The hot water ran out; I don’t have a very big tank.  But I stayed in the shower any way.  I liked the water running over me.  I soaped myself yet again, and then two more times.  Finally there was almost nothing left of the bar of soap, and I was shivering from the cold water.
Now what?  I didn’t know.  Then suddenly it was important to me to get dressed.  I rushed back to my bedroom and pulled on a bra and panties, and then started putting on t-shirts.  I got two on right away and was putting on a third while I reached into my dresser for a fourth.  If I had ten, I think I might have put on ten.  But I caught myself.  I took off the third t-shirt that was partly over my head.  Two would be enough.
I looked into my closet.  A dress?  That’s what he wanted.  Was I now taking orders from that thug?  Maybe.  It might be best until I had a plan.  It might be safer.  I might…  I don’t know.  I had to wear something and this seemed best, at least for that day.  So I pulled my closet doors way over to one side and looked at the far end of the closet where I kept my dresses.  I had maybe a dozen.  Most were mine, but a few were my mother’s, and I even had a couple from my grandmother.  I kept them just so I could look at them and remember her.
She had an old wool dress.  It should have been moth-eaten, but it seemed to be in good shape.  Maybe whatever chemicals come from a decaying old trailer kill moths.  It was brown, half sleeves, a full skirt that ran several inches below the knee, and a neckline that was not quite up to the throat, but close.  I put it on.  It was a couple sizes too big for me, but that was fine.  Better too loose than too tight.
Next I walked around the trailer closing drapes on every window as I walked.  I realized the wool was scratchy, so I went back to my bedroom and put on a half-slip.  That helped.  Then I was back to closing drapes.  It got dark in my trailer, and I was fine with that.
Somewhere in that process I remembered Slick’s friends had made it through the door lock at the bar.  I felt an urgent need to deal with that.  If you have a forty year old trailer, you have done lots of updates.  So you have lots of tools.  I got down on my knees and got a hammer out of the toolbox I keep under the sink.  I also had a plastic ice cream carton there filled with nails, screws, and odd pieces of hardware.  I picked out six fairly long nails and headed to the back door.
Maybe I should describe my trailer.  It was your standard shape, fourteen by sixty, with the living room at one end and the bedrooms at the other.  The kitchen and bathroom were in between.  I actually liked it.  My mother had bought it when I was tiny.  She never said where she got the money, but I have always assumed it came from my father.  But it was a good choice.  It was on four acres of woods, mostly poplar.  And while loggers have no respect for poplars, I have always loved them.  I love the way their leaves flutter in the wind.  As a kid, I would leave the window open just so I could hear the leaves.  And there would be days when they waved back and forth in the wind, almost like waves on a lake.  It had been a good place for me and a good place for my girls.  Now I regretted being three miles from town, and hated every window.
But I could at least deal with the door.  The front door opened into the living room; the backdoor opened into the hallway by the two bedrooms.  I really didn’t want a door by my bedroom.  So I took my hammer and my nails, and I nailed it shut.  I got six nails in, each starting through the door at an angle so half the nail was in the door and half was in the door jam.  To get the nails out again, I needed to leave about a half inch of the nail head free so it would be easy to get the hammer claw on the nail.  Except I didn’t do that.  I left nothing free.  It hit those nails again and again and again until they were flush.  Essentially I was saying that door would never open again.  And that morning I was fine with that.  What would I do with the front door?  I wasn’t sure yet.  I would do something, but I needed to think about it.  
Then another thought hit me.  I needed a gun I could carry.  Maybe conceal.  He had taken my shotgun.  Okay, I would get another gun.  I could protect myself.  Next time he came for me, I would kill him.  Really.  That is what I thought.  And I was off rushing again.  I put on my boots, grabbed a coat and my purse and I was out the door.  Suddenly the most important thing in the world was a gun.  My sawed off was gone?  Fine.  I knew where to get another gun.  I backed my Ram truck out onto County K and spun my wheels heading west.  There was a gun shop in Wausaukee, and I would get a gun.  There had been a light snow over night and the highway was slick.  No one should have been driving over 45 that morning.  I didn’t care.  I don’t think my speedometer was ever under 70, but I didn’t notice.  I was going for a gun.
Wausaukee is four blocks of retail along both sides of 141.  It starts with the bowling alley at the south, and ends with the high school at the north.  I came flying down from the north and was well into the school zone before I started braking.  If there was a cop, I was busted for sure.  There wasn’t and I wasn’t.
Gus’ Guns and Ammo was about in the middle of town.  It was a reasonably sized house with a larger garage to one side.  The gun store was in the converted garage.  I was still going way too fast when I got to his parking lot, but I managed to stop the truck before I did any damage.  I was into his store in a second and announced immediately, 
“I want to buy a gun.”
At this point everything stopped.  Gus was just looking at me.  He was a fairly small man, about sixty with thinning hair and round steel-rimmed glasses.  He looked like he could be an accountant or a pharmacist.  And he was staring at me.  Suddenly I began to wonder how I looked and sounded.  Had I combed my hair?  I couldn’t remember.  I knew I hadn’t put any makeup on.  Did I look batshit crazy?  Did I sound like a woman about to kill her cheating husband?   I slowed my breathing and moved much more slowly toward his counter.  The room was set up with a counter running the entire length of the store.  In the glass-enclosed counter were hand guns, and behind the counter were rifles mounted on the wall.  The only way you were getting a gun was with Gus’ help.  OK.  So, I calmed down and smiled at Gus.
“What kind of gun were you looking for?”  He said that slowly and quietly.  I guess he was trying to calm me.  Maybe he had dealt with angry wives before.
“I would like a handgun.”  Now I was also talking slowly and quietly.  I was calm.  You don’t have to worry about me, I’m just a normal person looking to make a purchase – at least that was the impression I was now trying to make.
“And what size would you like?”  
“I would like something that would fit in my purse.”
“And what caliber would you like?”  I had never owned a handgun.  I knew kids played with twenty twos, and the guys on TV always used a nine millimeter.  Was there something bigger?  What size was big enough?  In a perfect world, I would have responded - he’s about six feet tall, goes two fifty or so, fat ass, big belly, what size would do him in?  I didn’t think Gus would have a good response to that.
“I need something for protection.”  Did that tell him what he needed to know?
“I see.  I assume you are not talking about bears.  And I hope you have already spoken to law enforcement.”
“Yes and yes.”  I paused and tried to sound nonchalant.  Nothing special here.  Just your run of the mill gun purchase.  “I work in a bar, and it seemed like a good idea to have something around just in case someone has a few too many beers and gets out of hand.”  That sounded reasonable, didn’t it?
“OK.  Let me show you a pistol most women choose.  Smith and Wesson is one of the premier weapons companies, and they have many models in many sizes.” He used a key to open a case and pulled out a smallish pistol.  “It’s semi-automatic, so you need two hands.  You hold the gun with your right hand, and pull the slide back with your left.”  He did it once for me, and then handed it to me so I could try.  I took it.  My hands were shaking but I managed to get a tight grip on the handle and was able to pull the slide back on the second try.
“Some women prefer a revolver since you can fire it with just one hand, but I think that is a mistake.  If they hold the gun with just one hand they won’t be able to aim at anything or have any control.  Their wrists just can’t take it.  You will need both hands to load the first bullet, but then your left hand will also be there to help you steady the gun.”  I held the gun a bit longer.  The grip felt about the right size, and while there was some weight, it didn’t seem too bad.  I throw around enough twelve packs so I have some strength in my hands.
“What caliber is it?”
“You mean is it big enough to protect you – does it have stopping power?”
“Yes.”
“It is a .380.  That’s a pretty good sized bullet.”
“So it would stop a man?”
“If the first bullet doesn’t, the second one surely will.”
“How much is it?”
“Four hundred twenty nine dollars.  You will also need a cleaning kit and bullets.  This protection is going to end up costing you about five hundred dollars.”  This of course was his way of saying – are you really serious?  Are you sure you want to do this?  And I have to admit my heart pretty well stopped when I heard the cost.  Five hundred dollars?  That would nearly clean out my checking account.  But I wasn’t going around without protection.
“I’ll take it.”
“Here’s the background check you need to complete.”  He put a long form on the counter and put my gun back in the case.  “I will need half now as a deposit, and half when you pick up the gun on Tuesday/”
“What?”
“Well we have to run the background check, and there is a forty eight hour waiting period for handguns.  Sunday doesn’t count, so you can legally acquire the gun on Tuesday.  Come in around eleven and I will show you how to clean it and load it, and we will go out to the range behind here and you can fire a few shots.”  Tuesday.  Shit.
“Is there a gun you can loan me until then?”
“No mam.  That is illegal.”  OK, so the pig lived until Tuesday.  I filled out the form, left him a check, and walked back out to my truck.
Now what?  It was getting near noon so I figured I’d go to work.  Was I scared to go back to the bar?  You bet.  I thought about what weapons I might have there.  I thought there was an ice pick some place.  That might give them a surprise.  I tried to think of other weapons as I drove north, now at a much more reasonable speed.
When I got to the bar I saw the delivery man had been there.  Stacked outside the door were ten cases of beer, three cases of pizzas, a half barrel of Bud and a quarter barrel of Miller Lite.  What kind of fool drinks light beer?  I opened up and started dragging stuff indoors.  It would be really nice if Clark showed up once in a while to help with the bar he owned, but he had long ago decided a man of his stature should spend his winters in Florida.
Anyway, the delivery gave me something to do while the first few customers straggled in and shot pool.  I didn’t think I would see any loggers until five again, and I was right.  Instead I got the normal Saturday mix.  A couple local high school teachers came by to shoot pool and drink beer, and there were a couple ice fishermen up from Milwaukee.  There’s a sport I will never figure out.  Of course these guys weren’t really ice fishing, they were sitting in a bar, weren’t they? 
Eventually the afternoon passed.  The sun set and about half an hour later the loggers started coming in.  There not as many as other days.  Neither of the Pembine crews came in, and both crew leads for the Amberg crews went elsewhere.  No surprise there.  They had money, so their wives would want to go out to dinner.  There were several decent places in Wausaukee and more in Crivitz.  All we had was pizza, and not very good pizza at that.
Slick and the camo crazies came in shortly after the loggers.  I was looking for interaction between the loggers and camo guys, but I wasn’t seeing much.  Of course, what did they really have in common?
I wasn’t sure what I would do when I saw Slick.  I had found the ice pick and set it under the bar near where he always sat, and there was a broken broom handle I had found in the store room.  That too I put under the bar near him.  Now that he was here, I was nervous, but I thought I could deal with it.
As it turned out, he had some new tricks.  I brought his two goons their beer and brought him his drink.  When I set down his drink he laid his hand on the bar and opened it.  He motioned with his fingers that I was to take his hand.  I did.  He held it and ran his thumb over my palm.  
“So how has you day gone, Jess?”  He asked it like we were old school friends.  It took me a minute, but I was finally able to look him in the eye as I answered.
“It has been fine.”
“Good.  Come take a walk with me.”  He held my hand and walked with me over to the corner where I had spoken with Chuck.  Once there he leaned close and put his hand on my upper arm – the arm that was facing the bar so everyone could see.  “I saw you talking with Chuck White over here, and it seemed maybe the two of you had something going.”
“No, we are just two old friends.”
“Well now we are two old friends too.  I see you wore a dress like I asked.”
“Yes.”
“It is a bit frumpy though, don’t you think?”
“It’s a warm dress.  It’s cold in the bar.”
“So turn up the heat.”  All the time he is talking he is running his hand up and down my upper arm.  “These guys are feeling pretty good now that they have some money.  They want to celebrate and having a pretty girl around helps.  And you want to celebrate too right?  Now that you have a new friend.”  I just stood and looked at him.  “This is where you say ‘yes’ and give me a big smile.”
“I think we are a long way from being friends.”
“Jess, I know we scared you last night.  I am sorry.  We were really surprised about how you reacted to their weapons.  I really do want us to be friends.  And if we can’t be friends, we can at least be partners in this project.”
“You made me walk around half naked.”
“Yes, that was a mistake.”  He was leaning close to me, and I was able to study his face.  Regret?  I’m not sure I saw any.  “You are beautiful, by the way.”
“You have videos of me now.”
“I made him delete those.  Another mistake.”
“I don’t believe you.”
“Like I said, I am sorry.”  This time I think I did see regret.
He slid his hand down my arm, took my hand, and led me back to the bar.  As I walked past him to get behind the bar, he gave my ass a light swat.  He and his goons laughed.  Unfortunately, so did a couple of the loggers.  I spent the next ten minutes moving bottles around on the back bar.  I really couldn’t face anybody.
What were the next couple hours like?  Beer, pizza, small talk.  I would say – the usual – but of course nothing was usual now.  Gradually the other customers left.  Who was left? Slick and his goons.  Why?  I moved to the part of the bar where I had placed my ice pick.  Not much of a weapon, but it might back them off.  
There I stood.  And waited.  The gun guys looked at me.  Wow, I hated those two.  And feared them.  Both had one hand on the barrel of their rifles.  Still mounted on their backs, but ready to be pulled around and fired.  They wanted me to see that.  They wanted me scared.  Bastards.
“Guys, I need to have a few minutes with Jessica.  I will meet you later.”  They both looked over at Slick.  They really didn’t want to leave.  They wanted to be part of whatever happened next.  But.  Finally, they left, one of them shutting off the lights as he closed the door.  We were closed.  I was alone with Slick.
There was some light from the neon beer signs above the back bar.  “Budweiser”  “Miller Lite.”  Sorry excuse for beer, but a little more light in a dark room.  I stood by the ice pick.
“Jess, we should talk.”
“We talked last night.  And we talked this afternoon.”  My right hand slid under the bar, inches from my ice pick.  I was wishing I had my pistol.  Right there, in my purse, ready to pull out.  
“Come.  Sit with me.”  He patted the bar stool next to his.  Decision time.  
“We’re closed.”
“Yes, you’re closed, and you’re tired.  Come sit for a minute.  This won’t take long.”  He was sitting as he had most of the night – forearms on the bar, hands folded, shoulders hunched forward.  His face?  Maybe it was the half light of the neon signs, but he looked tired.  Maybe too tired to be dangerous.  
I came around from behind the bar.  As I did, he rotated his stool so his back was now to the bar.  He leaned back, resting.  He patted the stool next to his.  I sat the same way, my back to the bar.
“You put in what, eight, ten hours?”
“Twelve if the Packers have a night game.”
“And your boss?”
“Clark is eighty something.  He winters in Florida.”
“So he trusts you to run the place all winter.”
“I’ve been with him for eight years.”
“And before that?”
I had been looking toward the pool table as I talked.  Now I turned to face him.  “Waitress.  Wausaukee, Beecher.  So?”
“I’m not going to insult you.”  He had also turned and was now looking directly at me.  Our knees touch as he turned.  “The world needs waitresses.  I bet you were good at it.  You are definitely good at bartending.”
“Thank you.”  I twisted my knees away from his.
“You know every man who comes in here.  You know their drink, and you know their job, and their family.”
“It’s a small town.”
“It’s a skill.”
“All right.”  I turned back to him again.  “Your turn.  You have your run in with cops and accountants in Waukesha.  Good time to get out of town for a while.  And you pick Amberg.  Why?”
“I have a friend who owns a place on Town Corner Lake.”
“Let me guess.  The million dollar fishing lodge that is always for sale.”
“You should visit me there.  I bet you would like it.”
“I won’t be visiting you there or anywhere else.  We aren’t friends, Jimmy, and you still owe me for last night.”
“You were rough on my friends.  I was rough on you.  Apologies all around.  Can we just move on?”
“It doesn’t work that way.”  I noticed my hands were now fists.  He must have noticed too.  He put a hand on mine.  I shook it off.  He tried it again.  I picked his hand up and put it on his lap.
“I can’t buy you flowers or chocolates.  No store.  What else can I do?”
“Send those goons away.  This town is already neck deep in trouble from the illegal logging.  Having those two around is the last thing we need.”
“They’re part of my plan.”  His hand was back on mine.  I ignored it.
“In your plan, how many locals go to jail?”
“None.  Mostly because of you.”
“You are so full of shit.”  I ripped my hand from under his and stood.
“You have skills.  You have looks.”  He stood too, and raised a hand to the side of my face.  I pushed it away.  “You are the one who will make all of this work.”  His hand came up again and touched my hair.  I grabbed his hand.
“The bar is closed.  I’m tired.  If you want do something good for this town, leave the loggers alone.  And send your goons away.”
“They’ll all be bankrupt before the snow melts.”  He is standing just inches from me, his face an odd green from the neon signs.  But it is a serious face.  He is telling the truth.  It’s a truth I also know.
“Better that than going to jail.”
“They aren’t going to jail.  You will stop it.”  Now he has his other hand at the back of my neck and is pulling me toward him.
“Enough.  Go home.”  My face is almost touching his.  I am waiting for him to kiss me.  When he does, I am surprised.  He doesn’t try to mash his face into mine, or push his tongue down my throat.  It is a soft kiss.  He holds it, then backs away.  Maybe he expects me to slap him.  When I don’t, he shows me a very pleasant smile.  The guy is happy.  He moves forward for a second kiss, but I turn and walk to the door.  I notice he is still holding my hand.  We pause at the door and he kisses me again.  No, I did not turn my face away, and I didn’t slap him.  I stood.  I let him kiss me.  And then I closed the door after he left.
I stood looking out the window as he drove away.  He drove in the direction of Town Corner Lake.  One man in a million dollar lodge.  I gave the bar one more wipe, then drove back to my trailer.  I had let him kiss me.  This just kept getting worse and worse.


Chapter 12
Sunday

I woke up with my arms wrapped tight around me, but my legs were in a more normal position.  Was I less scared, or just getting used to my situation?  I laid there for a while hoping some brilliant plan would come to me, but I still had no gun and no plan.  Finally I took my shower and then got dressed.  I put on my bra and panties and reached for a t-shirt and then stopped myself.  What good would two or ten do?  So I put on a full slip and stood in front of my closet.  Yes, I would wear a dress.  And it would not be one of my grandmother’s.  I started pushing through the dresses hanging there, one at a time, like turning pages.  Ultimately I pulled out a forest green cotton dress.  It had a full skirt that came just below my knees, long sleeves, and a neck line … well, it wasn’t as high as I would have liked, but it would do.
Was I wearing the dress because he asked me to?  Maybe.  But it was also Packer colors.  Maybe too thin for January, but I had a gold cardigan I could pull on if the bar was too cold, and I had calf high boots to keep my legs warm.  Good enough.
As I put it on, I looked back at the other dresses and wondered what had happened to the girl who had bought those clothes?  I couldn’t remember wearing any of them.
Dressed, I went to the kitchen and sat at the table.  I wasn’t hungry.  I was pretty sure I hadn’t eaten anything the day before, and I still had no interest in food.  I didn’t even want any coffee.  Eventually I did pour myself a glass of water, and I sat at the table sipping it.  I had not closed the drapes on the kitchen window.  Every other window was covered.  Would that keep the goons out?  No.  But somehow it felt safer.  But I couldn’t bring myself to cover the kitchen window.  That was my favorite window in the trailer.  I had stood in the kitchen and watched my girls play in the yard.  I had made snacks and watched for families to arrive for birthday parties.  And I had my yard of poplars to watch.  I loved that view.  So I sat at the table, sipped my water, and watched the trees and the sky.  
Eventually ten thirty came and I knew I needed to get to work.  The church ladies would need their brandy.  But first I found Davey waiting for me outside the bar.  This time when he saw me he didn’t get out of his squad.  He just rolled down his window and waved me into the car.  As I slid into the seat my skirt slid up and my left knee was exposed.  Davey looked.  It was just my knee.  My knee!  But he looked.  What is wrong with men?
“Have you learned anything about those two men I asked you about?”  I got my skirts straightened out, and he moved his eyes up to my face.
“It took a couple days, but we finally got a look at their license plates.  These are both people you should be cautious around.  First, Zeke is actually Aaron Zekemski.  He’s a cop, or at least he used to be.  He killed a man in December.  They are still trying to decide if he did right or if he goes to jail.  He is supposed to be on administrative leave, but he just took off.  He has a cousin with a cabin up here, hence his arrival in your bar.  Be real careful about him.”
“Your second friend is James Hanlon.  He has been elected to office a couple times in Waukesha County, and run out of office pretty fast.  He is mostly a mouth and a petty criminal, but he has started hanging around with militia types.  They think next time it will be much harder to vote him out of office.  Let me know if any of his militia buddies show up.”
“Two of them arrived Friday night.”
“Really?”  He immediately pulled a clipboard to him.  “Did you catch their names?”
“Sorry.  Just their titles.  One was a major and the other a sergeant.”
“Well, maybe we can check their website and see if they post their ranks.”
“They have a web site?”
“All of them do.  Lots of pictures of them playing soldier in the woods, and lots of ‘Manifestos’ justifying what they do.  They also have twitter accounts, and they send out calls for funds to support their efforts – Liberty is not Free.  As near as we can tell, they do actually get money that way.”
“If you come for these guys, be careful.  They came into the bar Friday night with AR 15s strapped to their backs.”
“You need to watch out too.  Some of these guys are Army veterans.  They aren’t just a bunch of drunks pretending to be soldiers.  Some of them actually were soldiers.”
“What?”
“I have no idea what that is all about.  The world just keeps getting stranger.”
“My bar certainly is stranger.  These guns scare me.”
“People have rights, Jess.”  I looked at Davey.  Do I tell him about the last two nights?  He is a good guy, and he would help.  Can you arrest a man for forcing me to kiss him?  I think so.  And the goons for threatening me with their guns?  Probably.  But.  He scared me, he kissed me.  Then last night…  Do I want to sit in a court and describe all that?  Tell the story over and over to police and who knew who else?  It would be so much better if I could take care of it myself.  I would have a gun, I could protect myself from the goons.  From Jimmy too, if needed.  These January losers never lasted more than a few weeks anyway, right?  He goes home, his soldiers go with him, and life goes back to normal.  It might turn out that way.  It might.
“Okay, Dave.  I have to open up the bar.”  I slid out of his squad and once again my skirts slid up.  I wondered if he was looking at me.
I got the bar open and ready just in time for the church ladies.  I had gotten them each a brandy and their men a beer when Jimmy walked in.  He was alone.  He sat at his usual place, gave me a big smile, and asked for his drink.  When I brought it he held out his hand, and I took it.
“You look very nice today.”  Then he turns to the grannies.  “Don’t you think so, ladies?”
“Yes, she does.” One of the grannies agreed.  They all smiled.  I smiled too.  Just a little.
“Come here a minute,” he says to me, motioning around to his side of the bar.  Do I go over there to his side and do what he wants?  Or do I cause a scene and face his goons later.  I go over there.  As I come around, he takes my hand again, then sits back in his stool and pulls me toward him.  He has his knees spread and pulls me close, with one knee by each of my hips.  His hands now go behind the small of my back.
“I’m not going to be able to help you close tonight.”  He looks at my hands, then takes them and places them on his shoulders.  I let him.  Yes, I let him.  He gave me a big smile.  I watched his face for a smirk.  Something Slick might have on his face.  But all I saw was a pleasant smile.  A Jimmy smile.  He liked holding me.  He liked having me close.  And me?  I was too busy studying him to pay any attention to whatever was happening to me.
“I have to go out of town.  I’ll be back tomorrow.  Will you miss me?”
“Yes.”  Now he has a hand on my ass and he has pulled me against him.
“Good.  Now give me a good bye kiss.”  He has a hand on the back of my neck, and while he doesn’t pull me, I know what I am supposed to do.  I kiss him.  He stands up still holding me tight.  “And one more for the road.”  He kisses me so long I hear one of the grannies making noises.  Finally he lets me go, finishes his drink, and says “Put that on my tab.”
As he leaves, one of the grannies says, “I am glad you finally found a man again.”
“Yes,” another adds “It’s not easy.  The pickings are pretty slim around here.”  At which point she makes a slight motion toward the men.  They don’t notice.  They are drinking beer and talking Packers.  I wipe my mouth with a cocktail napkin and spend some time moving pizza boxes around at the back of the bar.  I need some private time.
The rest of Sunday is like any other Packer Sunday.  They had made the play offs.  Of course.  Aaron Rodgers.  The bar is full by noon, deafening by twelve thirty.  Do we win?  Of course.  I am running back and forth for the next eight or nine hours.  Some beer, some pizza, probably more brandy than was safe for these guys going home on back roads.  Hours pass.  I get a few comments on my looks.  I say it is Packer colors.  I can see some looking at my Packer backside.  Men.  Finally the last guys leave around eight and the place is empty.  Will he really not come in now?  Not him or his goons?  I look out the window to check for cars, but there is only my truck.  I throw on my coat, lock up in a hurry and run out to my truck.  The wind is really cold on my legs, but I don’t care.  It’s been a decent day.  I wasn’t scared once.  I am home in five minutes and in bed five minutes later.




Chapter 13
Back to the Woods

I woke up Monday morning and just laid in bed for a long time.  I didn’t have to open the bar until two, so there was no rush to do anything.  Since there had been no late night confrontation with Jimmy or his goons, I had slept well and long.  I felt more rested than I had in days.  Maybe things were going to settle down.  I would have my gun in another day if needed.  Until then, at least I felt like I could breathe
Eventually I got started with the new morning routine – shower, underwear, slip, and me standing in front of my closet.  I turned the dresses one at a time, like pages in a huge fabric book, looking for something.  Maybe it was the second time through when it finally struck me how many were blue.  And then I laughed - Rick.
Rick had been good to me.  Yes, he dumped me for someone his parents would appreciate more, but while we were together, he treated me right.  He took me to a good restaurant at least once a week.  And I of course dressed for the occasion.  One of those nights he said something nice about a dress I was wearing.  It was blue.  So I started buying blue dresses.  They were essentially all the same dress – cotton, flared skirt, hem just above or at the knee, no sleeves to long sleeves and anything in between, scooped necks.  I wore a different one each week, and every week he smiled.  I think – hope – he felt good sitting with me as the town checked out their new insurance man.  Of course it ended, but I had these to remember those evenings.
This morning I picked out one, shorter sleeves, skirt just at the knee, the standard scoop neck.  After all these years, it fit.  How many other women can say that?  I checked the mirror, and I looked pretty good in it.  I worked with my hair for a while, and decided I was ready for the day.
My next stop was the kitchen.  I wasn’t hungry.  It occurred to me I hadn’t eaten since Friday, but just the thought of food brought a bad taste to my mouth.  I didn’t even want coffee.  So I poured myself a glass of water and sipped it while I looked out the window at my poplars.  Just the tops were moving, swaying ever so slowly.  Even with no leaves, I found them pretty.
I might have sat there all morning, but it occurred to me I should visit Chuck again to see how he was doing.  He still had my thermos from my last trip, but that was alright.  I still had half a dozen from when the girls used them.  I boiled some water, found more hot chocolate packets, and soon was on the road going west.
I don’t know what made me look, but soon after I turned on to Town Line Road, I noticed an F150 backed into the long driveway of an abandoned farm.  Maybe it was the tracks in the snow that he left.  There was a man sitting in the truck.  I never got a good look at him, but I thought it might be Zeke.  Very odd.  But the last thing I was going to do was stop to see a strange man in the middle of nowhere.  I kept going, went over the hill, and soon saw the fire lane.  There were even more pine boughs than before, but there was nothing I could do about it or say about it, so I just turned into the lane and slowly drove to Chuck’s area.
Once again the flatbed was gone, and I again parked in the place I had used the week before.  Chuck and Billy were both cutting fallen trees.  They were taking off branches, measuring to one hundred inches, and cutting lengths.  Chuck waved when he saw me, finished his cut, and came over to the log where we had sat the last time.  I brought over the hot chocolate.
“You owe me a thermos.” I said as I sat down.
“It’s still here.” He pointed with his foot.  He sat next to me – very close.  “Thanks for coming.”  He poured himself a drink and then pointed back to where he had been cutting.  “We are making great headway.  We fill the truck twice a day.  If we had more daylight we could fill it three times.”
“Still think you can keep doing this for three weeks?”
“Last week I was able to get caught up on my payroll.  You have no idea how embarrassing it is when you can’t pay your crew.  This week will get me caught up on truck payments.  The only reason they didn’t repossess my truck is they couldn’t find Amberg on a map.  Another week would be really good.”  At this point he threw an arm around my shoulder and gave me a hug.  I let him.  In fact I leaned into him.  He kept his arm where it was and slid it up and down my upper arm.
“If you are trying to cop a feel, all you are going to get is cotton layered on cotton.”
“Just trying to keep you warm.”
“Ah huh.”  But I slid even closer and put a hand on his leg.  He was wearing chaps to protect him if a chain bounced back, so he could not feel my hand.  But he could see it.
“Should we get into your truck for a few minutes, Jess?”  I almost laughed at the eager way he asked it.
“Only sixteen year olds do it in trucks, Chuck.  But you can kiss me if you like.”  And he did.  And I did, and I held him around the waist.  We must have looked pretty stupid out there wearing boots and heavy coats, him with a hard hat on and chaps.  Not your normal set up for romance.  But I held on, and we kissed again.  Finally I just put my head on his chest.
“We should have done this back in the day,” he said so quietly I could barely hear him.
“Yes, but without the coats and the snow and the cold.  And you should have picked me.”  I said that to his chest.  We stayed like that for a while.  Then I sat up, kissed him one more time, and refilled his cup. “Enough of the old days.  We are where we are.”
“I am glad we can still be friends.”  And his hand was moving again.
“Easy, friend, I am just here for the hugs.”
“That I can do.”  He paused and then shocked the hell out of me.  “On a completely different subject, what kind of gun did you buy?”
“What?”
“You were at Gus’ Saturday.  I assume you bought a gun.”
“How would you know I was there?”
“Jess, you have driven the same truck for ten years, and you live in a small town.  Every person within fifty miles knows exactly what you are doing.  So… what did you get?”
“I bought a semi-automatic pistol.  I can pick it up tomorrow when the waiting period is over.”
“What waiting period?”
“The forty eight hours you need to wait for a hand gun.”
“Jess, this is Wisconsin.  You can buy any gun anytime.  We allow open carry, concealed carry, any size gun, any size clip.  You walk in with money and walk out with a gun.”
“But Gus said…”
“Did you do anything weird in the store?”
“Well I drove in fairly fast.”
“I’ll bet.  If he is nervous about a customer, he will make up some story.  People always believe him.  Either the gun needs polishing, or some form needs to be filled in another day.  That’s just him trying to keep crazy people from blowing their own brains out or shooting up the office.”
“I’m not crazy.”
“Gus isn’t a psychiatrist.  He’s just careful.  In any case, you get the gun tomorrow.  No big deal.”  Wasn’t it?  I tried to think of how the last couple days would have gone if I had been able to face those two goons.  Chuck noticed my silence.  “Jess?  Jess look at me.  Is there something you want to tell me?”
“No. I just thought the bar should have some kind of protection.  Anyway, finish the chocolate, give me a kiss and a hug, and bring both thermoses back with you.  I need to go.  My knees are freezing.”
“I am sure they are, but you look nice.”  He stood and gave me another kiss.  This time it was so long I wondered if he was going to let me go.  Of course if all you have at night is Melissa… Finally I stepped back, smiled, and walked to my truck.  I am pretty sure he was looking at my backside every step of the way.  Men.
I watched for the F150 on my way back to town, but it was gone.  The road was covered with even more pine junk, but if they had gotten away with it this long, maybe they could last another week or two.
Back in town I found several cars and several people out front of the bar.  It was just one thirty.  They could wait for their beer until two.  Except once I got parked, I saw they weren’t waiting for beer, they were making a video.  A video!  Nailed all over the front of the bar were posters naming the group – the Wisconsin Militia, and making all kinds of demands.  The biggest one identified a website and explained the need for money.  After all, Freedom isn’t Free.  I’m thinking if Clark ever sees those nails in his front wall, he’ll jump out of the pool and be back up here on the next jet.
But the posters are just backdrop.  In front are the two camo crazies each holding their AR 15 across their chests.  In between them is Jimmy.  He is apparently the spokesperson for these nuts.  He is winding down by the time I walk over there, but I still get to hear his finale:
“When a government is so corrupt it cannot protect the basic elements – the trees, the water, the air, when foreign corporations run by Jews can take our land, when ordinary people suffer and the bureaucrats do nothing, it is time for ordinary citizens to take out their guns and come to the aid of their neighbors.  We are asking you to come to Amberg, with your weapons, to help these local people begin to reclaim their land.”  He stared sternly at the camera for several more seconds until the video guy waved him off.
“Jess,” he said when he saw me.  “We have been waiting for you.  Having a woman talk about the hardships people are facing here will be really good.”
“No.” I looked at him and saw his anger building.
“Jess…”  He took a step toward me, and I backed away.  “Let’s talk.”  He motioned to the side of the building.  He followed me around the corner and out of sight of the others.  The minute we were alone, I faced him.
“The guys are trying to hide what they are doing, and now you are putting them on TV?  You can’t do that.”
“Did you just tell me ‘no’?”  He stepped forward, essentially backing me into the wall, and then put both hands on my shoulders.  He stood holding me, but I could see he was really holding himself.  He wanted to punch me, or at least scream at me.  This was one violent guy with limited control.  We were back to where we had been Friday.  Back in the storeroom.  But he was trying to stop himself.  I was sure I saw him trying some breathing exercise he had been taught.  Jesus.  I was watching anger management in action. 
“I don’t like it when people tell me ‘no,’ but let’s move on.”  More breathing.  “I want you to think about your friends out in the woods.  They are desperate, and they are taking a huge risk.  I am trying to help them, and I would think you would want to help them too.  We are not telling people where the loggers are working.  We would never do that.  What we are doing is helping raise awareness of their situation.  If we bring enough men up here, the law will never go after your friends.  It would be too big a shootout.  It worked in Utah and Oregon.  It will work here.  Do you understand?”  He is staring at me now, and his hands that were clenching my shoulders a second ago, now are massaging my shoulders.  
“Give this some thought, Jess.  Is it really going to hurt you to put a short comment on the air about the situation these guys are in?  Some public support might make a big difference to them.  Two sentences telling the truth about the circumstances they face.  Is that really too much to ask of you?”
So that is what I faced.  I say “no” and this guy gets angry.  Maybe I can deal with that, maybe I can’t.  I say “yes,” and maybe I do Chuck and the guys some good.  Two sentences.  Maybe three.  Tell the truth.  It seemed a reasonable request.  I should have known better, but, well, I didn’t.  I nodded.
“Keep it simple.  Just two or three sentences about how hard loggers work, how dangerous it is, and how much trouble they are having making any money.  That’s it.  That is all I am asking.”  He unzipped my coat and took it off me.  “When we get back out on that street, smile.  You will be holding my hand.”  He didn’t wait for my agreement.  He just took my hand and led me back to the others.  I did as he said, even the smile. 
The guy behind the camera looked like he might be sixteen.  I wondered if this was some kind of high school project.  He had a camera with an attached microphone on a tripod.  As I stood there, he was listening through his headphones and watching the dial on a box.
“Stand on the X and just start whenever you are ready,” he says.  I notice the camo guys are now on each side of me.  The major has his hand on my ass. I slap his hand away, square my shoulders, and look directly into the camera.
“It is very hard to earn a living up here.  Most of the men work as loggers, but the money they are paid for their wood keeps being cut, while their costs for gas and equipment keeps going up.  By one estimate, every logging company in Marinette County will be bankrupt by the end of the year.”  At this point Jimmy puts an arm around me and tells the world:
“These are hardworking people who are fighting back.  Help them fight.  You can make a difference.”  He goes back to staring into the camera.  Seconds pass, and the kid waves that we are done.  Jimmy immediately gives me a big hug.
“I knew you could do it.  You just needed some encouragement.  Now give me a kiss and open your bar.  Everyone here is thirsty.”  He holds me tight, gives me a long kiss, and pats my ass while everyone laughs. Then he was off to talk to the kid with the camera.  I looked around and found where he had dropped my coat on the sidewalk.  I picked it up, opened the front door, and went into the bar.
The Kaminski sisters never came into the bar that afternoon.  I was sure I would hear all about the “crowd” and noise when they appeared the next day.  The video kid took off pretty fast to do whatever he needed to do, and so did Jimmy and the goons.  By three the place was back to normal, meaning only an occasional guy wanting a beer, and I spent most of my time cleaning.
What I couldn’t determine was how the logging crews would react.  Did they know this was coming?  Did they understand the additional risk?  Who knew how many camo crazies would be coming up once this video was released?  Did they want that?  Were they ready for that?  I wanted to have Chuck explain this all to me.
Five o’clock came and the logging crews started arriving, but most of them never came into the bar.  The two goons were standing out front, by the signs that were still nailed to the wall.  I couldn’t hear all the conversations, but I heard enough.  It was probably best summed up by one guy shouting “Are you fucking kidding me?”  So, no, there had not been advance agreement.
Most guys got back in cars and trucks and drove away.  Four or five of the younger guys came in and had a beer.  Jimmy followed them in, all smiles, bought beers all around, and attempted to win some hearts and minds.  He didn’t seem to be winning too many.
  A few other customers drifted in, but it was a pretty quiet night.  I think I sold one pizza.  Gradually the place cleared out, and by eight it was just Jimmy and his boys.  They were in a pretty foul mood, and as the last regular customer left, I felt my hands beginning to shake.  The camo boys had carried their AR-15s into the bar.  They knew I would not stop them anymore.  Now they unstrapped them from their backs and laid them on the bar, both pointed in my direction.
“Jess,” Jimmy asked.  “It’s about time to close the bar, don’t you think?”
“I usually keep it open until nine.”
“Tonight you close at eight.  Sergeant, lock the door and get the lights.”  We have several neon beer signs around the bar, and they stayed on, but the rest of the room was instantly dark.  I started shaking worse.
“Jess, come over here.”  He turned in his stool so his back was to the bar.  He spread his knees like he had the day before.  “Jess, relax.  I am not going to hurt you.  These men are not going to hurt you.  I just want to talk.  OK?”  I nodded, but I was still shaking.
“Let me get a look at that dress.”  He motioned for me to turn in a circle.  “Very nice.  You are dressing and looking much better these days.  I think a little more makeup would be even better.  You were very good during the video shoot.  You look good, you speak well, I think you can be a real help to us.  In many ways, you were perfect today.  But you did do one thing wrong.  Can you think what that was?”
“I told you ‘no.”
“Actually, I am fine with ‘no’.  You don’t always have to agree with me.”  He smiled at this point and pulled me close.  “I think you and I are going to argue many times.”  Still smiling.  “But when we argue, it should be just you and me.  Okay?  No public displays.  No public embarrassment.  It matters, Jess.”  A longer pause.  No smile now.  “When you told me no, where were we?”
“Out in the street.”
“Out in the street in front of others.  Can you see why that might be embarrassing?”
“Yes.”
“It might be as embarrassing as you would be if you didn’t have your dress on.”  Here he just stopped and looked at me.  It didn’t take a genius to understand what he was telling me.  This would be a real good time to have a gun.  But I didn’t.  So, I took my dress off and laid it across the bar.  He motioned for me to come closer, and I did.  He pulled me up against him, with one hand on my back and another on my ass.  I put my hands on his shoulders, but he pushed up on my elbows.  He wanted my arms around his neck, so that’s what I did.  We looked like two lovers.
“I appreciate you, Jess.  You do well for us.  I am ready to forgive you.  All I need is for you to apologize and explain how you will act toward me in the future.  Will you do that?”
“Yes.”
“Good.  This is just between us.  Put your head on my shoulder and talk to me quietly.  Tell me what you want me to know.”  Somehow I found some words.  I talked, and periodically he would say, “That’s good, now a little more,” and I would talk some more.  While I talked, he had one hand across my back and another on my ass.  The hand on my ass slid up and down across my slip.  He seemed to move it up and down in sync with my words, or maybe my words got in sync with his hand.  This went on and on.  I was repeating myself and fell into a rhythm.  Gradually I felt my eyes close.  That’s when I kissed him.
“That was very sweet.”  He lifted my head and kissed me.  “I accept your apology.”  He got up and lifted me back to a standing position.  “You can get dressed now.”  I stepped into my dress and pulled it up.  “Here,” he said, “let me help you with that zipper.”  I turned my back to him, and he slowly pulled up the zipper, his hand making contact with my spine all the way up.  When he was done he turned me around and kissed me one more time.
“We have to go now,” he said.  And he and the goons pulled on their coats and walked out the door.  I walked behind them and locked the door.  I stood and watched as they walked to their car and drove away.  This had to stop.  I wouldn’t let him do this to me again.  Do I call Davey now?  I thought through what I would say – and what Jimmy would say.  He had witnesses.  It would be my word against theirs.  It would not be easy.  But this had to stop.  Tomorrow I would have my gun.  And tomorrow I would talk to Dave.  Either way, this was over.


Chapter 14
I Get My Gun

I woke up Tuesday morning in a tight bundle.  My legs were cramped from being in the same position for so long.   I really wanted to put my head in my pillow and cry, but then I thought about my gun.  I would now have a gun.  
So I got out of bed and began my routine – shower, blue dress, hair.  This morning there would be a new thing before I got the gun - food.  I was pretty certain I had not eaten anything for the last three days.  I hadn’t wanted to.  I hadn’t even liked the smell of food.  But this morning was different.  I had my usual bowl of cereal, then a second and a third.  I was still hungry.  I started making toast.  As soon as the bread came out of the toaster, I had it buttered and eaten while the next pair went in.  I must have had half a loaf, and I was thinking about more, but it occurred to me I would have access to pizzas the rest of the day.  This was my day to eat.
When I was done, it was still too early to go to Gus’ so I sat at my kitchen table, watched my poplars, and tried to think about next steps.  In truth, just thinking about it, my hands started shaking.  Could I even hold a gun?  Could I shoot them – or him?  I was pretty sure if I had been given the gun on Saturday I would have used it.  Pretty sure.  Today?  I tried to imagine the scene.  Three of them, two with automatic weapons.  One of me with a pistol.  Did I sneak up on them?  Catch them one at a time?  What was my plan?
Maybe a gun was a bad idea after all.  Maybe Gus was right to make me wait.  Could I actually shoot these guys?  Maybe.  On the other hand, it would make me feel better – stronger.  But the real solution was Dave.  I needed help.  He would help.
As I got into my truck I decided first things first.  I needed to get my gun and learn about my gun.  I would load it, learn to fire it, Gus would help me.  Except he wouldn’t.  I pulled into his lot at a much more reasonable speed, put my bag over my shoulder and stepped into his shop almost exactly at eleven.  Gus was standing there.  In front of him was a brown paper bag.  He just looked down at it and then back at me.
“Is that my gun?” I asked.  It was obviously my gun.  I think I asked just to break the silence.
“Yes.  Smith and Wesson .380 semi-automatic, extra clip, cleaning kit, and a box of twenty four bullets.  With tax, your balance is two seventy nine eighty three.”
“Sure.”  I put my bag on the counter and pulled out my checkbook.  As I wrote the check, he still just stood and stared at me.  I handed him the check, smiled and asked “Do you have time now to show me how to load and shoot the gun?”
“I agreed last week to sell you the gun, so I have.  Let’s just leave it there.  Your militia friends will help you learn to shoot.  Maybe if you are lucky, you can shoot a Jew or two.”
“Wait a minute.  I’m not in a militia.  I don’t hate Jews.  Who told you that?”
“You did on television this morning.  You have your gun, now get out.”  And he pointed to the door.  I didn’t understand the rest of it, but I did understand “get out.”  I took the paper bag and went back out to my truck. I put it on the seat next to me and pulled it open.  There were three boxes inside. I was going to have to put them together on my own.  When would I have time?  I needed the gun now, and suddenly Gus would not help me at all.  He had promised.  Shit.  And what made him think I didn’t like Jews?  What had I said when I was there before?  I don’t remember talking about anything but guns.  
I didn’t understand the man.  But I had my gun, and I would get it loaded once I got home.  In the meantime, I needed groceries.  I was starving again and there was little left back home.  So I drove two blocks to the local IGA.  There, things got worse.  I had my cart going down the first aisle when a women I did not know rammed my cart and held it there.
“My husband is a forest ranger.  If your friends shoot him, I’m going to kill you, so help me.”  She stood staring at me so long, I wondered if she was going to go ahead and kill me already.  “And don’t think I won’t.”  Finally she walked off.  In the third aisle a woman came and grabbed the wires on the front of my cart and held it.
“We’re Jews.  We are so damn tired of you bastards.  Enough is enough is enough.”  Each time she said “enough” she slammed my cart into the shelves of canned goods.  Several cans fell into my cart and an even larger number fell on the floor.  Finally she gave it one last push and then walked off.
In the next aisle I was stopped by a nicely dressed older lady.  I am thinking wife of a doctor or lawyer.  She lowers her voice and says, “I am so glad I am not the only one worried about the direction this country is taking.  You tell your friends they have support up here.”
I may be a high school dropout, but I am not completely stupid.  I can guess the video we made yesterday has been released, and it has been on the morning news programs.  I remember what I said being pretty harmless - in fact I had hoped it would be helpful.  But I hadn’t seen how the clips had been edited.  Based on the way people were treating me, I was pretty sure I would not like what I saw.
So now what?  I shrank my shopping list to about eight items, bought huge quantities of each since I didn’t think I would want to come back any time soon, got checked out by a lady who seemed to have missed the news, and I was back in my truck as fast as my boots would take me.  I got my grocery bags behind my seat, got in and sat there.  I just sat there.  Well I sat there about two minutes, and then I dropped my head onto the top of my steering wheel and cried my eyes out.
I have spent all of my life despised.  My mother is a crazy drunk who has a kid, no husband.  We live in a trailer.  I get knocked up in high school and end up having two kids in three years with two husbands, and, oh by the way, I still live in a trailer.  Now I work in a bar.  I am trailer trash.  I know it.  I have been all my life.  But this is the first time I have been hated.  People really hate me, and I don’t know what I have done.  I am trapped by people I really want to kill, but all I have is a gun I need to load, and no one will show me how.  I beat on my dash until my hand hurts, and finally I stop crying.  I look in the rear view mirror to check on myself and see one more problem.  I am wearing goddam eye makeup.  I look like a raccoon.  Four Kleenexes later I have that mess taken care of.  As for the rest?  I have no idea.
I can’t sit in the parking lot forever.  I have to go somewhere.  Where?  Where else – the bar.  It’s not much past noon, and I don’t need to open until two, but… what else am I going to do?  It’s the one place I know.  And right now it might be the one place not full of people who hate me.  Wrong.
I pull into my usual parking place by the bar, and there sits Davey in his squad.  For a second, I even have some hope.  He might help.  I pull open the side door and slide into the seat.  My skirt slides up and shows a fair amount of leg, but he doesn’t look.  At this point I knew I had another problem.
“I need to know,” he asks before I am even fully in the car. “When you asked about Jimmy and Zeke, were you doing reconnaissance for them?  Was the idea to determine how much we knew about their activities?”
“No, Davey, no.  I really wanted to know about them.”  I reached out and took his hand, but he immediately did some kind of cop move and my hand was pinned back against the seat, twisted so hard I thought my wrist might break.  “Davey, please.  That hurts.”
“You should never touch an officer on duty.”
“Please, let me go.”
“I will when we are done here.”  I felt a little less pressure on my wrist, but he was still holding it.  “You should know we were able to get all the footage from the videographer.  I saw what you did before and after your pronouncement.”  
“What?”
“We have footage of you smiling and kissing Jimmy Hanlon.  This is the man you were asking me about.  I am in a lot of trouble for getting you that file information.”
“I’m sorry.  They scared me, so I asked.”
“It doesn’t look like he scares you now.”
“Davey, please.  Help me.”
“It is Sergeant Kekkonen.  What do you want?”
“Please, just make them all go away.”
“Have they hurt you?  Have they committed a crime?”
“It’s complicated.”
“Let me tell you complicated.  Since Waco and Ruby Ridge, if we go after any armed groups, we are ‘Jack-booted thugs trampling on the second amendment’.  So we back off to let things cool off.  And now that means these guys can get away with lots of nastiness.”
“So you can’t stop them?”  I felt tears coming on again.
“Here’s the message to your friends.  We will enforce the law.  If it takes a week, or a month, or two months, if they commit a crime, we will come in and get them.  Oh, and tell them two of the men on the force are Jews.”  He let go of my wrist, and I immediately grabbed it with my other hand.  It really hurt.
“Sergeant, I am sorry.  I didn’t mean to hurt anyone.”
“Get out of the car.”  I got out, and he immediately drove away. 
He was my help.  And he was gone.  It felt like watching the cavalry ride away.  I needed him.  And now I was alone.  Me and Jimmy and the crazies.  Me and Jimmy.  Could things get any worse?  Yes.  
I went to open the bar, but it was already open.  Inside was a camera crew, Jimmy, and the major.  Jimmy had pulled a table around to the front of the room, and he was talking to the crew, smiling and joking.  He was having the time of his life. The major was back behind the bar drinking a beer.  The cash register was open.
“Jessica,” Jimmy shouts when he sees me, even though I am no more than five feet away.  “Come over and meet some people.  They’re from the ABC affiliate in Green Bay.”  He rattles off their names like he has known them for years.  He takes my coat and has me sit next to him, and I feel his hand going all over my back while I sit.  There are lights on, so I guess they are recording, but it feels much more casual than a TV appearance, more like a conversation.  Maybe it’s just a conversation, but I am worried about my legs and my skirts.  I keep changing how I am seated.  I wonder if I got all the mascara off my cheeks.
“I understand you are a bartender here?”  I think Jimmy introduced her as Nancy, but I am not sure.  She seems to be about my age, but that is about the last thing we have in common.  Her hair is fabulous as is her makeup. And her posture says comfort without effort.  I squirm in my seat again and feel Jimmy’s hand sliding up and down my back.  I think he is trying to calm me.  
“Yes.”  There is a pause while they stare at me, probably waiting for me to say more, but what more is there to say?
“How do you feel about a large group of armed men coming into the bar this weekend?”
“I really don’t know anything about that.”  Jimmy’s hand slides up near my shoulders.  I think he is trying to pat my back.
“How do you think they will be received here in Amberg?”
“I don’t know.  I hope they act responsibly.”
“I understand you have a special concern for loggers.”
“There is much to be concerned about.  They work hard, there are lots of injuries, and they really don’t make much money.  Each year it seems to be less.  It is pretty hard to raise a family on what they make.”
“Is it true many are going bankrupt?”
“Last week I spoke to an area businessman who I think has good information about their income.  He says they will all be bankrupt by the end of the year.”
“That certainly would be unfortunate,” she says.  Then she nods to one of the other guys and light start going off.  This is over.  “We need to shoot some externals, and then we will get back to Green Bay.  If we are lucky with editing, this news segment should be on the air at six.”
“Well I certainly thank you for taking the time to come up and visit us.” Jimmy is out of his chair and shaking hands all around.  I stay seated while they start boxing up equipment.  Nancy comes over and takes my hand.
“You did that very well.”
“Thank you.”  Why do I think she says those exact same words in the exact same voice when talking to kindergarteners?
“Here is my card.  If something special happens up here during all this, please give me a call.  And we can talk about it one woman to another.”
“Sure.”  I take the card and walk away.  She’s a shark.  The best hairdressers in the world can’t hide it.  I have no idea what will air at six, but I bet none of us like it.  Of course that also means Jimmy will be mad again.  I don’t want to think about another night like last night.
I get back behind the bar and tell the Major I will pour from now on.  He just smiles, runs his hand over my ass, and leaves.  I check the cash register.  There are no twenties left.
Jimmy is in and out of the bar, talking to the TV people while they bring out and load up their equipment.  This is his world.  Twice elected to office, he knows how to work these people.  Finally the TV people drive off, and he comes straight to me.  “You were perfect.”  He wraps his arms around me and gives me a long kiss.  I put my hands on his shoulders, then understand I am now to reach higher.  From now on I am to wrap my arms around his neck.  We kiss.  His hands are on my back and on my ass.  Is this how things will be now?  Or do I use my gun?
“Do you hate Jews?” I finally ask when he stops for air.
“No.  Why do you ask?”
“I was in Wausaukee this morning and some people were very mad about something on the video.  I think you said something about Jews in your section.”
“We always do.  It doesn’t mean anything.”
“It does to them.”
“That is beginning to sound like a criticism.  You don’t want to do that.  Remember how last night ended?”
“Yes.”
“So what do you say?”
“I am sorry.” After a minute things seemed to be okay.  Jimmy patted my ass, waited for me to smile, and then was out the door again.
Meanwhile, customers started drifting in.  A couple I recognized.  Several I did not. The ones I didn’t know, wanted to talk.  What’s going on with the loggers?  What’s with the signs out front?  I answer what questions I can.  Meanwhile, I am starving, so I make a pizza.  I cut it into eighths, eat five pieces myself and offer the other three to customers.  Who doesn’t like free pizza?  As soon as that one is gone, I make another.  This time I eat half and share half.  Everybody’s happy.  The beer flows, and we have one of the busier afternoons we have had all month.  By the third pizza I eat two pieces and share the rest. We have some candy bars on the back bar, and I get started on them.  I have never been this hungry in my life.  
Later in the afternoon the customers seem happy talking among themselves and shooting pool, so I pull out my phone and try to see what was on TV in the morning.  We barely get two bars up here on a good day, but I get to the ABC affiliate website, thinking they are most likely to have shown something in the morning.  Sure enough, they have a feature – “Hate comes to Amberg.”  Oh oh.  I download it.  It begins with Nancy saying they had received a post from a militia group saying they will be coming to Amberg.  They will show an excerpt but they warn about hate speech.  Sure enough there are two or three sentences from Jimmy, and they get his statement about Jewish corporations.  Then they switch to me.  They include the line I gave about future bankruptcies, but it is followed by a voice saying “Yes, Bankruptcies.  Jewish bankers are once again killing American small businesses.” And while the voice says it, they have an image of me nodding my head!!  Shit!  No wonder everyone hates me.  Nancy comes back on at this point and says the group is calling for armed men to assemble in Amberg this weekend.
At this point I am shouting at my phone –“shit, shit, shit!”  It really is all I can think to say.  The guys in the bar are all looking at me of course, and they ask what is wrong.
“The TV this morning.  They got it all wrong.  Well actually, the militia post did it all wrong.  I look terrible.”  I am storming back and forth behind the bar as I shout.  Several of the guys immediately tell me I looked fine that morning. “Really, you were very attractive.”  And the one female at the bar, a girl barely old enough to drink says, “You sounded very professional.  And blue really is your color.”  But I’m thinking back to the grocery store and the lady who had had “enough.”  How could I ever face her?
The people at the bar kept saying kind things about my appearance and my comments, although I suspect a couple guys were using it as a come-on.  What I really didn’t need was horny guys right now.  I kept pacing back and forth, really racking up the miles.  But what could I do?  When Jimmy came back I could ask him to change the militia video, but was that really very likely?  How could I ever undo this?
Then a worse thought occurred to me.  This was broadcast in Green Bay.  My daughters might have seen it.  I immediately called my eldest.  The call went right through.  The minute I heard “Hello” on her end, I started.
“Honey, something really ugly was broadcast this morning.  It shows me agreeing with really bad things...”  At which point she broke in.  
“Mom.  It’s OK.  Anybody our age has seen video repackaged to deceive. I could do it myself on the computer I have at my apartment.  It was obvious you were reedited.  We know you.”
“Thank God.  Have you talked to Britney?”
“Yes, we talked this morning.  She was laughing about how shoddy the editing was.”
“I would never do anything to embarrass you girls.  You know that, right?”
“We love you, mom.  But we are worried about these militia guys.  Are you going to be safe up there?  Do you want to come down here for a few days?”
“Thanks, but there are some things I need to deal with up here.”  After that the conversation was about some of the things she had been doing with friends, just normal stuff, although hearing about normal things made me feel so much better.  There really was a world where people didn’t wear AR 15s.  I could see that several guys were due for another beer, so I wound up the conversation with lots of “I love yous” and went back to work.
Thank God for daughters.  I still had lots I needed to correct up here, but at least the problem was not as bad as I had feared.  With that attitude adjustment, I went back to making pizzas, eating some and sharing some.  And time passed quickly.  So quickly in fact, that it was after six before I noticed.  Maybe the reason I hadn’t noticed was that five came and went and not a single logger walked through the door.  Were they working late?  But they can’t work in the dark.  Had they been arrested?  But wouldn’t somebody have told us?
It was odd not to see them.  I had been especially hoping to see Chuck, thinking he might be able to help me with my gun.  But none of them ever came in that night.  In their place was a crowd that kept growing.  I could see why they came.  They all used the same pattern.  They stood outside for a while and read the militia signs, and then they came in and ordered a drink.  Mostly they wanted beer, but there were also drink orders – more than we normally get.  These folks had a few bucks, and they had curiosity.  What was going on in Amberg – the place no one went to anymore?
About seven Jimmy and the Major came back.  I would have expected Jimmy to be really proud of how well his video had drawn a crowd.  He was a politician, after all, and he had created a stage for himself.  But I could see he and the Major were very nervous.  Jimmy shook some hands and had a few conversations, but he seemed to just be going through the motions.  Finally he came over to the end of the bar and motioned me over.
“Has Sergeant Wolfe been in?”
“No.”  
Jimmy then turned to the Major.  I can tell you it was the Major who was getting the most attention.  He was wearing full camo and he had his AR 15 strapped to his back.  If people had come up to the bar to see what a militia guy looked like, the Major was giving them an eye full.
“I told you.”  The major said.  “He said he was going to do recon out by the forest.  Maybe he broke down, maybe he got lost, maybe he just drove back to Sheboygan to see his old lady.”
“Let’s take one more drive down A.” Jimmy answered.  “If we don’t see him, we go do those other visits we have planned.”  Then he turned to me.  “I won’t be able to help you close up tonight.  Give me a kiss and we’ll be on our way.”  I did it the way he wanted.  I put my arms around his neck.  He kissed me long.  One hand he kept on my back, while the other had a firm grip on my ass.  I noticed he turned me at one point so everyone could see his hand on my ass.  He was declaring his territory.  I was his, all others keep away.  I thought to ask him about the video, but this didn’t seem like a good time.
The rest of the evening people kept coming in.  The next time the Major tapped the till, he would find plenty there.  Finally, around eleven a few people started leaving, and I decided to encourage that.  We have no set closing time, but I had been on my feet for hours and enough was enough.  I told them it was last call, and folks responded pretty well.  The last people left at eleven thirty, and I was out soon thereafter.
Back home I put away my groceries and then took an initial look at my gun.  I saw there was an instruction book in the box with the gun.  Good.  If I went through it slowly and carefully, I should be able to understand how to put the bullets in and fire it.  I had several acres behind the trailer, so I could do some test firing there.  And tomorrow was my day off.  I had plenty of time.



Chapter 15
A Morning I Never Talk About

I woke up when Jimmy sat on my bed.  I jerked up only to have him slam me back down.
“Lie there and be quiet.” He said.  I looked at the foot of my bed.  The Major was standing there, my deer rifle in one hand, his AR 15 in the other.  Both were pointed at my chest.
“You have no business in my house.”  Not the smartest thing I have ever said, but I was not only scared, I was indignant.  
“This would be a real good time for you to shut up.”  As he said that, Jimmy put my pistol on my chest.  “We were told last night you had bought this.  Half the people in town knew.  I didn’t know, because I thought we were friends.  I thought we were even becoming more than friends.  Little did I know.”
I opened my mouth to say something, but he put his hand over my mouth immediately.
“If you say one word, I will shoot you with your own gun.”  He took his hand away from my mouth and waited.  I said nothing.
“We have tried and tried to be your friend.  I have tried to educate you over and over.  But you still go out and buy a gun so you can kill us.  The Major has had enough.  He just wants to shoot you.  But I am going to try one more time.  I am going to tell you to do some things, and you are going to do them.  If you don’t, the Major will shoot you.  If you understand, nod your head.”  I nodded.  
“The gun has a grip and a barrel.  You will choose where to grasp it.  You can take the grip in your hand, point it at me and shoot me, or you can take it by the barrel and hand it to the Major.”  I slowly moved my hand from under the covers.  I grabbed the barrel of the gun, sat up slightly in bed and reached toward the Major.  He let me hold it outstretched.
“If you want the Major to take the gun, you should ask nicely.  This might also be a good time to tell him you are sorry.”
“Please, Major.  Take this gun.  I don’t want it.  I am sorry I thought about hurting you.”  The major made me wait, but finally he took the gun.
“This would also be a good time to apologize to me.”
“Jimmy, I am sorry.  I never should have bought the gun. I never should have thought about hurting you.”
“But you were scared.”
“Yes.  I was scared.”
Jimmy sat quietly, staring down at me.  There was a long silence.  Obviously he was deciding what to do.  This would have been a great time for me to say something that would save me from the obvious, but my mind just froze.  Time passed.  My whole body was shaking.  The major set my deer rifle in my closet and then held his AR 15 in both hands.  Aimed at me.  His finger on the trigger.
“Major, I’ll meet you back at the bar.  We have some preparations to make.”  Jimmy was looking at me while talking to the Major.  I could see the major didn’t like it.  He looked at Jimmy, and then at me.  I was on my back.  In a bed.  He knew what women were for.  For half a second I thought he might shoot Jimmy just so he could get to me.  He stood frozen, then asked.
“You sure?”
“Yes.  She’s still going to be part of this.”
The Major stood where he was, then moved his gun so it was pointed a various places on my body.  With each movement I knew what he was saying to me.  My shaking got worse.  Then he left.  I froze in place while I listened to him walk through my trailer, then across me deck.  When I heard his truck start, I think I breathed a little.
Meanwhile, Jimmy sat next to me, his arm across me, holding my shoulder down.  He bent closer.
“He wanted to kill you.  When he saw the pistol in your kitchen table, I had to race him back here.  He may kill you yet.  But not today.”
“And you?”
“I’m baffled.  I thought we were making progress.”
“You are.  They aren’t.  Your two goons scare the hell out of me.”
“And you were going to take them on with a purse pistol?”
“You took my sawed off.”
“Both shells were so corroded, we had to pull them out with a pliers.  If you had pulled the trigger you would have lost a hand.”
“Still leaves the question.  What about you?”  Lying on my back, him leaning over me, I pretty well knew the answer.
“Since the moment I saw you, I wanted to fuck you.  But not like this.”  He let go of my shoulder and leaned back.  “Make me some breakfast, and we’ll talk about my plan.”
He got up, and walked out of my bedroom.  I was still shaking.  It took me a minute to get enough control of my legs so I could get out of bed and stand.  And then I just stood there.  My pistol was gone.  In the Major’s pocket?  But my deer rifle was leaning where I could see it in my closet.  I knew it was loaded.  If I wanted to settle with Jimmy, now I could.
But I didn’t.  I picked up my robe.  I was wearing my usual winter sleep set – old pajama bottoms and a sweatshirt.  I pulled on a huge robe my mother had worn, and tied the belt around me.
And I made breakfast.  He sat at one end of the table.  I fried up a pair of eggs, made some toast, and got him a cup of coffee.  I couldn’t eat.  Not after what almost happened in my bedroom.  But I took a seat opposite him.  Just a couple having breakfast together.  After pointing automatic weapons, a finger on the trigger.
He tried to make conversation.
“We haven’t see Sergeant Wolfe.  You didn’t shoot him, did you?”  He chuckled a bit.  But he looked at me like there was at least some possibility.
“I still hadn’t had time to load the pistol.”
“Yes, we saw.  It was still empty, by the way.”
“So I couldn’t have shot you.”
“Did you want to?”
“No.”
“And the Major?”
“He wanted to rape me this morning.  I’m certain.”
“You’re probably right.  Just keep your distance.”
He ate his eggs, and his toast.  There was a long time while we just sat there.  He sipped his coffee.  I stopped shaking.  I waited for whatever he planned to do next.  Then he stood.
“Good breakfast.  I’ll go earn it, and then we can talk some more.”
I had no idea what he meant about “earning” the breakfast.  Then he went out and picked up the snow shovel I keep by the door.  January is too cold for much snow this far north in Wisconsin, but there had been an inch or two several nights.  I had been too busy to deal with it.  There were maybe five or six inches accumulated on my deck.  He shoveled that off, then started shoveling a path out toward where I park my truck along the road.
So.  He didn’t shoot me.  Or rape me.  He shoveled my walk.
I watched him do it, then walked back to my bedroom.  The second drawer in my dresser is where I keep my underwear.  Rolled up in the back is a night gown.  A real one.  Satin, spaghetti straps, lace over the breasts.  I hadn’t worn it since my days with Rick.  I unrolled it, looked at it, and made my decision.  
I waited for him at the front door.  He stopped, smiled, took off his coat, and followed me back to my bed.
He wasn’t very good.  He held me well, and kissed me well, but it seemed he could only get a partial erection.  He would get started, get partly into me, and then lose it.  I did what I could, not that I am any kind of expert, and we tried several times.  Finally, he just lay next to me, the two of us holding each other while our sweat cooled.
“I know you have a fancy place on the lake, but if you want to sleep here, I would like that.”
“To protect you from Anderson?”
“Partly.”
“So you partly like me.”
“Yes.”
“Thank you.”  He had a hand in my hair, his fingers playing along the edges of my face.
“We might become friends.”
“That or you’ll sleep with any man who shovels your deck.”
“It was a nice touch.  Much better than flowers or chocolate.  But I want one more thing.”
“What?”
“Wash my back.”  
I slid out of bed, then pulled him up and led him to my bathroom.  Bathrooms in a trailer?  Tiny.  Showers in a trailer?  Tinier.  I dropped my nightgown and we got into the shower, the two of us up against each other.  He washed me first.  And he did a nice job.  Slow, thorough, emphasis on my breasts.  I know they’re beginning to sag, but he seemed real pleased to get his hands on them.  He had me smiling.
My turn.  He stood, his hands at his side, his head getting drenched by the shower head.  And he looked at me.  His face?  Vulnerable.  He knew his body.  Whatever muscle tone he had at twenty was long gone.  He had flesh on his breasts, love handles that merged with his belly sack, an ass that dropped inches.  Up above, it was clear his hair was thinning, and his second chin would soon have a companion.  He stood there, just inches from me, and let me look at him.  “Here I am” his posture said.  “This is me.”  
I washed him.  I took my time.  My hot water heater is tiny, so I didn’t have all day, but I wanted him to feel my hands all over.  I wanted him to know I wanted my hands all over him.  I stood on my toes and kissed him.  I fondled him with one hand while washing with the other.  I leaned into him, my breasts sliding across his chest as I worked.  I kissed him, washed him, and held him close.
And he changed.  Some internal circuitry changed, and I could feel his body getting tauter.  He got taller.  His shoulders got bigger.  And he had a massive erection.  I slid onto him, and he lifted me up against the wall.  I wrapped my arms around his neck and felt him press into me time and again.  I got hot, and wet, and breathless.  I felt him climax.  I kept holding him.  We kissed, and leaned against the shower wall.  We might have spent a long time together like that.  But.  Tiny shower.  Tiny water heater.  We did a quick rinse and raced naked to my bed.
We lay tight together, buried under blankets.  We had our hands all over each other.
“Jess, I’m an old guy, long past my prime.”
“You’re welcome in my bed any time.”
“The next couple weeks will be pretty intense.  It matters that you are with me.  You are very pretty, and you are good on camera.  We can make this work, Jess.”
“I’ll help.  And I’ll keep my fingers crossed.”
We lay like that for an hour, and then he dressed and left.  I put that silky nightgown on again, so that was what he felt as he held me and kissed me at my door.  I watched him walk down the newly shoveled path, and I stood waving to him as he drove off.  
The rest of my day?  I sat for a long time.  Finally I made myself some toast and cleaned up the kitchen.  Over the next several hours I went through a lot of water.  I cleaned my trailer like I had not cleaned it in years.  I did lots of laundry including my bedding.  I did lots of dishes.  I found myself to be incredibly hungry, so I also did a great deal of cooking and eating.  What did I not do?  Any serious thinking.  I brought my focus down to just that evening.  Jimmy might be coming over.  So my house should be neat, and I should be ready.  I dug through my dresser and found two other sexy nighties – more souvenirs of Rick and some old ideas about how a woman holds a man.  I put one on around six, just to be ready if Jimmy came over early.  Then I started working on my makeup.  I spent over an hour on that.  But it was worth the time – I looked pretty good.
From then on I sat in my kitchen staring out the window, waiting to see headlights.  Jimmy arrived at ten.  I turned on the porch light and stood under it.  Jimmy came up on the porch, smiling at me.  I knew I looked good, and I knew he was pleased.  He took me in his arms, we went inside, and we were in bed two minutes later.


Chapter 16
Maybe I Have a Friend

The night had been odd.  Given the situation, it would not seem possible, but we actually had our first lover’s fight.  Jimmy put me in the bed in a particular position.  I was on my back, but he wanted my arms at my sides.  Then he put his elbows outside my arms, essentially pinning them.  Control.  He would hold me.  He would move over me.  He would initiate.  I would lie still as he did it.  As he lowered himself onto me, I objected.
“Jimmy, we are together now, and I am your woman.  But what you are doing isn’t love, it is rape.”  He froze at that point.  “Free my arms so I can hold you while we make love, and kiss me gently.”
“I really don’t like it when you give me orders.  Don’t ever do that.”
“I am sorry.  Let me try that again.  Please let me put my arms around you and hold you.  Please kiss me gently.”  
“Next time.”  He held me, and he fucked me.  And he performed really well.  But.  I was no longer the woman in the shower.  I was a warm spot on the bed.  The closer he got to climax, the tighter he held me.  Control.  He needed it.  We were going to have to work this out.  Next time.
We slept side by side, but he always had an arm over me, and often one of his legs.  He seemed to like it best when he put one arm under my head and kept me rolled up tight to him.  The other hand never left my ass.  We stayed that way most of the night, except for periods when I rolled over and we aligned as spoons.  In that position he always kept one hand on my breasts.  In short, he was always touching me, holding me, controlling me.  I let him.
In the morning we laid in bed and talked for a while.  It turned out he had questions.  He held me to him as he asked.  His arm was under my head, but bent at the elbow so his lower arm held my head close to his.  His other hand stayed on my ass and slowly massaged it.
“Did you see the Major yesterday?”
“He was with you.”
“He didn’t come back later, maybe to see you?”
“No.”  He was staring into my eyes at this point, apparently wondering if I was telling the truth.  Did he think the Major was a rival?  All the time he is staring at me, his hand is working my ass. Is he trying to distract me?  He pulled my hips even closer to his.
“What about the police?  You are good friends with Sergeant Kekkonen.  Did they talk about picking up Anderson and Wolfe?”
“Who?”
“The Sergeant and the Major.  They are both missing.  Did the cops get them?”
“Sergeant Kekkonen used to be a friend.  Now he thinks I am in your militia.  He won’t tell me what the Sheriff does.”
“You are in the militia.”
“What?”
“You looked really good in the video we took Sunday, so we enrolled you as our official spokesperson.  We have you listed that way on our website.”  My right arm was trapped under me, but I punched out with my left palm.  That was stupid.  He grabbed my arm and twisted it around behind, lifting so high I thought he would dislocate my shoulder.
“Don’t ever do that.  Don’t ever think about it.”  He rolled over on me with my arm still pinned under me.  I screamed and he took some of his weight off.
“Please, you will break my arm.”  He held me like that for another minute, then rolled to one side so I could get my arm free.  Then he was back on top of me.
“I don’t want to hurt you, but I will if I have to.”  The look on his face was first anger, then a kind of exasperation.  “You are the only girl who has ever been enrolled in the militia.  You should be honored.”
“I don’t like those men.”
“Those men are colleagues of mine, so you will learn to like them.”  At this point he slowly let more and more of his weight fall on me.  I was being slowly crushed.
“Yes.  I will like them.”  His weight came back off me.
“Good.  But don’t like them too much.  You belong to me.”
“Yes, I know that.”  And I did know that.  And he could see it in my face.
”Good girl.”  He leaned down to kiss me, and I was pretty sure where things would go from there, so I started talking.
“Sergeant Kekkonen gave me a message for you.”  Jimmy stopped at that point.  And I stopped too.  It occurred to me, when I thought of him now, I used the name Jimmy, not Slick. How had that happened?
“And?” 
“He talked about a big shootout in Waco.  Apparently lots of people were killed.  So he said police no longer took on groups of armed men.  He seemed angry about that.  But he said he would wait you out.  It might take months, but they would come for you if you broke the law.”
“Is that all he said to you?  Did he ask you to spy on us and report back to him?”
“He won’t talk to me again.  He thinks I belong to you.”
“And what do you think?”
“He’s right.  I belong to you.”
“Good girl.  Now get up and make me some breakfast while I shower.  I have lots to do today to get ready for tomorrow.”
That’s what I did.  I went out to the kitchen and started making toast and eggs.  He went out to his car and then came back in with a duffle bag.  He took out some clothes and then pointed to the rest.  “My laundry.  Bring it to the bar with you tomorrow.”
“I won’t see you tonight?”
“Probably not.  I will have a house full of guests.”  Then he was off for a shower and change while I cooked for him.  I looked into my poplars while I waited for the toast, and I thought I saw movement.  But then it was gone.
Jimmy came back with wet hair and clean clothes.  He ate his eggs in a rush, put on his coat, and pulled me out onto the porch.  I was going to get my final instructions standing barefoot on the porch wearing a short nighty.  It was maybe fifteen degrees.  Of course he was all over me, so at least parts of me were warm.
“Open early tomorrow.  No later than nine.  And wear something very nice.  If there are reporters I will want you to talk to them, but mostly I want them to see you.  Your pretty face is now the face of the militia.”  
“Will I see you tonight?”
“No.  I’ll be busy at the lodge.”  He gave me a long kiss while his hands were all over my ass.  Then he left.  I stood on my deck and watched him walk back to his car.  I even waved as he backed out onto the road and drove off.
As Jimmy drove off, I saw Zeke step out from the poplars. The snow was deep and he was moving slowly.  Maybe that’s why I didn’t go back into the trailer.  Instead, I stood with my hands at my side and watched him approach.  About ten feet from my porch he stopped and looked up at me.
“You are a very beautiful woman.”
“You seem to disappear a lot.”
“I’ve tried to help where I could.”  He pulled a phone out of his pocket and touched the screen.  Images came up.  He held the phone so I could see.  Even at this distance I could see they were pictures of me and Jimmy.  He climbed the stairs and handed me the phone.
“I checked his email and text logs.  He has sent these to Jimmy, but not to anyone else.”
“Thank you.”  I stepped back into my trailer and held the door open for him.  He followed, closed the door, and stood with his back to it.
“Did you look at these pictures?” I stood in the middle of the room, watching his face.
“Yes.”
“And?”
“And you look beautiful in every one of them.”  We stood staring at each other, and then he pulled a gun out of his pocket.  My gun.  “I think this is yours.  A Smith and Wesson purchased Tuesday?”  He laid it out on the palm of his hand and reached out to me.  I saw it was smaller than his hand.  I stepped over to him and took the gun.
“You can take your coat off, if you like.”  He did.  I held the gun, pointing down and toward the kitchen.  “And the Major?”
“He won’t bother you anymore.”
I took another step toward him.  He was a good six inches taller than me.  I put my head on his chest.  “Thank you for that. He was going to rape me or kill me.  I am certain of it.  I am sure it was not easy for you to do that, but I am very grateful.”  He put his arms around my shoulders.  I held the gun down by my side and wrapped my other arm around his waist.  We stood like that for a very long time.  Finally I got up on my toes and looked into his face.  I heard myself say, 
“Please, make love to me.”
He kissed me and followed me down the hallway.  I put the gun on the kitchen table as I passed it.  As I led the way I realized I did not want to take him to the bed I had just shared with Jimmy.  I have a second, smaller bedroom.  The girls’ room.  I led him in there.  It was almost laughable.  Twin beds, both painted pink.  And this huge man.  Would he even fit?  I got immediately into the bed by the windows.  I left the covers down near my ankles.  I wanted him to be able to see all of me.  He sat on the edge of the bed, put a hand on my hip and smiled.
Then he started getting undressed.  It took a while.  Not only did he have to unlace boots, but he had a heavy sweater on and a dark blue vest under it.  It was thick nylon with “Waukesha Police” on it.  I assumed it was bullet proof.  It sounded heavy when he put it on the chair next to the bed.  Then there was his heavy pants, and long underwear, both top and bottoms.  I suppose I could have helped with some of this, but I wanted to see – to watch him.
Finally he finished and slid into bed next to me.  I was on him in an instant, lying across his chest, my head just under his chin.  I stroked his arm, he stroked my back.  I stroked his arm and… I fell asleep.  Really.  I fell asleep.  My first time with this fabulous man, and I fell asleep on his chest.
Eventually I woke up.  I have no idea how long I was asleep.  Maybe hours.  My head was still on his chest, and my fingers on his arm.  He had big arms.
“I am sorry,” I said.  “I have been missing a lot of sleep.”
“It felt good to be with you.”
“And you are still here.”
“I will go when you tell me to go.  I will stay as long as you want me.”
“No.” I looked at him and shook my head.  “Don’t over promise.”
“Okay, how’s this.  I will go when you tell me to go.  I will probably be around longer than you expect.”
“That is a terrible Hallmark card, but I think I believe you.”  At this point I slid to the side of that tiny bed and rolled onto my back, almost sliding off the bed in the process.  He put a hand on my hip and pulled me onto the bed – and under him. 
And we made love.  His hands were all over me.  When he touched me it was so light it felt like I was fine china he didn’t wish to break.  But I still felt his touch.  After we were finished, I was the crazed one.  I wrapped my arms around his neck and my legs around his hips and held on as tight as I could.  I wanted him.  Would he stay?  I would hold him.  He put his arms under my back and lifted me up as I clung to him.  I held on for dear life.  
“Please stay.”
He smiled, and tried to find a space on the bed so we could hold each other, both of us almost falling out.  But that was fine.  It meant we held each other tighter.
Eventually he rolled onto his back.  Once again I climbed on top of him.  I laid down my head, and once again I fell asleep.
And that’s how we spent the day.  We went into the kitchen a couple times.  I was still ravenous.  But we were in bed the rest of the time.  We made love, and we slept.  At least I slept.  And as I slept, I kept my head on his chest, or a hand on his arm – always some contact to insure he was still there.  At one point in the night I cried for a while and held him tighter.  He stroked my hair and said nothing.
In the morning I pulled him to me again, and we made love.  Then we took a shower together.  It felt good, and I think I would have thrown myself at him again, but we ran out of hot water.  But we dried each other, and he was very good with a towel.
I wore a robe as I made breakfast.  I poured two bowls of cereal.  As we sat and ate, there were words that needed to be said.  I started.
“I want you to keep the gun.  I thought I would kill Jimmy, but I would just end up in jail and I would never see my family.”
“Keep the gun.  After we are done here, I will show you how to use it.  There are lots of dangerous men coming up here today.  Jimmy is not the only one you will have to worry about.”
“And the phone?”  I turned and looked directly at him.  “You saw the pictures.  You know what is going on.”
“Jimmy is attractive in many ways.  He didn’t win two elections by accident.  I would urge you to be cautious around him.  He is a salesman.  Mostly he sells himself.  Buy if you like, but know he is also making sales to some very dangerous people.  You will meet many of them today.”
“And you?”
“I need to be back in Waukesha for a hearing.  Sorry.  No help from me for several days.”
“You took care of two dangers I faced.”
“There is a whole lot more trouble coming your way.”
We finished our cereal.  He put on all his layers of clothing.  I put on boots and pulled my coat over my robe.  We went out onto the porch.  I carried the gun.  
“Are there any structures in that direction?”  He asked, pointing parallel to the road.
“Not for miles.”
“Okay keep it pointed that way while you practice.”
“Okay.” I offered the gun to him, thinking he would demonstrate first, but he just shook his head.  He gave me the pistol, and then a clip.  I stared at it.  It went up the grip.  That was obvious.  I decided the bullets must point forward, so I turned the clip in that direction.  It slid up the grip easily.  I heard a click.  Hooray for me.  I had loaded the thing.  Now to fire it.
Zeke stood behind me, with his right hand by my right hand, and his left by my left.  He touched my hands, but never touched the gun.  He was warm against my back, and I leaned against him.  In the next few minutes he adjusted my fingers on the grip, showed me where to put my index finger when it wasn’t on the trigger, and had me pull the slide back.
“Now you have a lethal weapon.  Put your left hand opposite to your right, use your thumb to pull down the safety, and reach out with your arms, but don’t lock your elbows.”
“And I slowly squeeze trigger, right?
“I see you watch movies.  Here’s the only important thing with a gun – don’t drop it.  Seriously.  People get scared.  Cops too.  Their hands shake, they drop the gun, or even if they hold it, they miss a shot from ten feet.  Really.  Cops too.  If someone comes for you, they will be inside ten feet fast.  You need to remember slide, safety, trigger three times.  Squeeze or jerk doesn’t matter.  Get your shots off any way you can.  Now try it.”  I reached out with the gun.  He adjusted my arms up and more out, and then dropped his hand.  I checked the safety and pulled the trigger.  There was a bounce and I grabbed the gun even tighter which then fired off another round.
“That’s fine.” He said.  “All that matters is you didn’t drop the gun.  When you have time, go to Wausaukee and buy more bullets.  You just need to practice.” He reached into his coat pockets.  “Here’s the spare clip and the box of bullets you bought.  He even kept the instruction manual.  I think the bastard planned to sell the gun.”  He put all this down on the porch.
“And now you’re leaving?”
“I have places to go and so do you.  Did I stay longer than you expected?”  He really had a nice smile.
“Maybe just a little.”  I put the safety on the gun and put it in my coat pocket.  Once both my hands were free, I wrapped my arms around his waist.  He hugged my shoulders and kissed me. 
“You won’t see me for several days.  I am sorry.”  He kissed me again.  I let him go.  I stood and watched him take every step back into the poplars and to wherever he had left his car.  He waved once from the trees.  I waved back, even though I felt like running after him.
Would I ever see him again?  Maybe.  In the meantime I needed to return to the Jimmy world.  First, I would need to get dressed.  Once again, I stood in front of my closet, wearing a slip and paging through dresses.  I went through the blue ones twice, but today they didn’t look right.  I kept paging, and there was the dress I had worn to Tiffany’s graduation.  A yellow cotton print, it had no sleeves.  It was definitely a spring dress.  But I put it on.  It had a flared skirt that came right to my knees, and I liked what I saw when I looked in the mirror.  Maybe some day Zeke would see me in it.
I worked on my hair and makeup much longer than usual, but I was happy with the results I got.  All the extra time I was taking meant I didn’t get to the bar until after nine, but I didn’t think Jimmy would mind, not looking the way I looked.  And he didn’t.  He was helping some new guy put a sign over the door “Welcome Freedom Fighters.”  But he dropped his end when he saw me, followed me in and was all over me the minute my coat was off.
“This is exactly what I hoped you would do.  You will dazzle the press and make every man who comes in here jealous of me.”  He had his hands on my back, on my ass, behind my head as he kissed me…  I thought he was going to pull me down on the floor and do me right then and there.
“Easy, Jimmy.  We have a long day ahead of us.”
“And maybe a long night to follow.”  
I finally got his mouth off mine and turned to set up the bar.  He headed back out to his sign.  Welcome Freedom Fighters?  Right.
Pretty dress or not, I had a lot of work to do.  Morgan had done her usual – nothing, so I started by filling bag after bag of garbage.  It looked like she had had a pretty good sized crowd, none of whom could find a trash barrel.  And the bathrooms?  They weren’t quite as bad as they had been after New Year’s Eve, but they were close.  I gave them a quick cleaning and left the doors open so people could see the wet floors and hoped no one came in until they were dry and the de-odorizer had had some impact.  I rapped my knuckles on the half barrel of Bud and realized we were almost out.  I have the liquor distributor in Peshtigo on speed dial.  Fred had no trouble understanding my order – “just bring me what you bring me for opening weekend of deer season”.  He promised a delivery by the end of the day.
Meanwhile the first couple militia guys came in.  They both had AR 15s strapped to their backs, stocks by the left shoulder, muzzle by the right hip.  It looked like a fashion statement.  But they were polite.  They ordered a beer, told me they had seen me on TV, and appreciated what I had said.  We chitchatted a bit about where they were from, and then I had to deal with new arrivals.
The bar stools were taken by ten thirty, and by eleven they were standing two deep.  I was pouring beer as fast as I could.  By noon I was out of mugs and went to the plastic cups we use for deer season.  That was just as good, since these guys were constantly in and out of the bar, and I guessed we would never see most of the glasses again.
The restaurant owners next door were pretty clever.  They had been closed since Christmas, but decided today was a good day to open.  More clever, they went to a simple menu that they could make fast – burgers and brats, five dollars each.  I was pretty confident before the weekend was over, they would have enough for a Hawaiian vacation.
By midafternoon the bar was four deep.  Didn’t anyone have to work any more?  We were awash in Freedom Fighters.  I poured beer as fast as I could, then I gave up.  Back in the storeroom we had a hundred twelve packs of Miller Genuine Draft.  I pulled two out, put them at each end of the bar and opened the carton.  “Jimmy is buying a round.” I said and went back for another couple twelve packs.  These I put on the pool table.  From that point on, my job consisted of putting out fresh twelve packs and dealing with guys who wanted something special.  I even had one guy want to know what kind of red wine we had.  Really?
All these guys were armed   Lots of AR 15s strung across their backs, all in the same position.  Lots of guys with deer rifles hung over a shoulder.  Even a few guys with web belts holding pistols.  The room was so crowded I figured it was just a matter of time before someone hit someone’s gun and we would be buried in bullets.  Would anyone think it made more sense to leave their gun in their car?  Apparently not.
Jimmy was just outside the front door doing your basic meet and greet.  About once an hour he would come and get me.  This always started with a big kiss and lots of ass grabbing.  He was marking his territory, and this time I was grateful.  Since I clearly belonged to him, most – but not all – kept their hands to themselves as I passed through the room.  After the kiss and grab he would lead me to some man I should meet, usually “General” this or “Colonel” that.  I learned that men were coming in from “affiliates.”  There were several guys down from the UP, and a bunch up from northern Illinois.  All were pleased to meet me and happy to give me a comradely hug.  If a hand hit a breast or my ass in the process, well, the room was crowded and accidents happen.
Three news crews came up during the afternoon.  They each set up in the far corner.  There was barely room for them there, but there was no room at all anywhere else.  Once the lights were set up, Nancy, or her variant on other stations, would turn to the camera and make some description.  I was too busy to listen.  But eventually Jimmy would pull me over there, and I would answer some questions.  Mostly I said the same stuff I had said before, but I did have the first lady push me a bit.  Did I know any loggers?  
“My first husband was a logger.  From time to time I would help him out in the woods.”
“And how is he doing?”
“He couldn’t make a living at logging, so he left me and joined the Army.  That happens a lot up here.  There’s a reason why a little town like Wausaukee has an Army recruiter.”  
“And I understand you have some opinions about bankers.”
“No, I don’t know any bankers.  I am a bartender.  We don’t get many bankers in here.”  And that was that.  I don’t know who said what to whom, but in the next two interviews I got asked about my husband, and I was not asked about banks.
After each interview I was immediately surrounded by half a dozen generals and colonels, all of whom thought I was doing a fabulous job.  They were so happy they had enrolled me in the militia.  I was doing a great job for the cause.
All this was fine, but my real job was providing beer.  I dragged out twelve pack after twelve pack.  One idiot asked me if we had any free Corona.  I did not punch him, but I did say “Go home and tell your mother you complained about free beer.”  A bunch of guys heard me, and that became the joke of the day.  Within half an hour, it had been modified to something like, “Go home and tell your mother…” and the end was creatively and profanely modified many different ways.  Don’t let anyone tell you drunk militia guys don’t have a sense of humor.
Of course beer – free or otherwise – creates its own problems.  We had two bathrooms – men’s and women’s.  It didn’t take long before someone with a knife cut “Women’s” off the door.  That doubled the resources, but there was still a line.  That was solved when some guy found the back door to the bar.  Pretty soon there was lots of yellow snow.
The delivery guy didn’t get to us until about four.  We were down to maybe ten twelve packs.  On the plus side, that left more room in the store room for his load.  He took maybe eight loads back there, and then brought me the bill.
“Is that going to be enough?” He asked.
“I doubt it.  Bring the same order tomorrow, but try to bring it earlier in the day before the place gets so crowded, okay?”  He agreed, and then hurried back to his truck.  By the time he got there, a couple cases of Bud were gone.  There’s no NASCAR for beer trucks, but this guy raced his truck out of town pretty fast.
Around six, Jimmy and two generals got up on the pool table.  It was a slate top, but I suspected Clark would be buying a new one when he got back in the spring.  What did they say?  It was the usual welcome blah, blah, blah naming every unit that had shown up from anywhere.  It was a pretty long list, and while the first unit names got cheers, the volume dropped off pretty fast.  These guys had been drinking for hours and the energy level was going.
Next was the agenda for tomorrow.  “We need you back here tomorrow at noon,” One of the generals told them, “fully armed and ready to present yourselves for inspection.  Then we will take a little drive and remind the fat bureaucrats and Jew bankers that there are people they don’t own.  We have been pushed and pushed and pushed, and now is our time to stand up.  We will reclaim the land that is ours.  And we will watch them run off as we do it.”  That little speech got so many cheers I am not sure I heard all of it.  But I know he talked about taking a drive.
Then one of the other generals took over (how many did they have?).  “For tonight.  Jimmy has arranged for this bar to be our headquarters.  And he is paying personally for all the beer.”  That got a shout so loud I thought the windows would shatter.  “And, he has arranged for that beer to be served by his close – personal – friend, Jessica Thorpe.”  At this point I was grabbed by a dozen hands, lifted in the air, and put up on the pool table.  My skirts were everywhere, and it took me a minute to get them back where they belonged.  “As you know, Jess is our militia spokeswoman.  And isn’t she doing a great job?”  Lots more cheers for me and hugs from all three of my table top mates.  “Now, would some of you gentlemen help the lady down?”  I was passed down and grabbed by more hands than you would think would fit on a body my size.  They got me to the ground, as they fondled me everywhere a woman can be fondled.  I finally shook myself free and got back behind the bar where it was safe.  Jimmy was going to have to set some guys straight.
My grabfest completed, the other general held up a large stack of papers.  “I have here maps and locations of the motels we have spoken with.  The community has been very good to us, and donations will cover all your rooms.”  More cheers.  “Just go to the motels on the list.  First come, first served.  If the first place you choose is full, go to the second.”  He started passing around the flyers.  
“One last thing,” the first general announced.  “Here at headquarters, lights are out at ten.  After that, go where you want to go.  But remember where you need to be at noon.”  He paused and then said – in a completely different voice: “Freedom Fighters.  Let us close this meeting as we always do – with the Pledge of Allegiance to OUR flag, OUR country, under OUR God.”  At this point every man turned to the flag they had put in the corner, and they said the Pledge of Allegiance.  If you have never heard the pledge recited by a hundred male voices in a relatively small room, I have to tell you, it’s a sound you remember.
After all that my hope was they would take their little pieces of paper and head for area motels.  No such luck.  Out there was a free hotel room.  In here was free beer.  Sure, a few drifted off, but the place was still crowded at ten for “lights out.”  Fortunately, I am not completely stupid.  My solution was to stop bringing out twelve packs at ten.  I also had to lock the storeroom door to ensure they didn’t get in behind my back, but by ten fifteen the beer shortage was noticed.  I had one guy complain, but I started “Go tell your mother…” and he was out the door.  By ten thirty the place was mostly empty, just a few guys left.
And that’s when the trouble started.  In walked Davey Kekkonen and another deputy.  They came in and stood just inside the door.  Both had their coats open so their side arms were visible.  They looked around the room, basically giving each of the remaining guys the evil eye.  I watched, and if this was a stare-down, I didn’t see much blinking on either side.  My heart started racing.  Two deputies, seven drunk militia members.  We could have nine bodies in a heartbeat.  Was there a point to this?  Push the militia guys to do or say something stupid and arrest them?  But two guys don’t arrest seven armed men.  Two guys die.
I came around the bar and went right up to Dave and threw my arms around him.  “Dave.  It’s good to see you again.  It has been too long.”  He grabbed my arms and I thought he was going to do some cop move on me, so I whispered in his ear while I had the chance.  “Don’t do this.  Don’t make Bonnie a widow.”  The other deputy must have heard me, and I’ll bet he was having second thoughts.
“Jessica,” he says, “we have some questions for you.  Would you mind stepping outside so we can talk?”
“Of course.  Sure.  How have you two been, anyway?  How are the kids?”  And I go out the door with them.  Their car is down the block.  As we walk, I ask, “What was the purpose of that?”
“I thought we might scare of few of them off.”
“Well you scared me.  But I thought you had a plan – wait them out.  That’s a good plan.  These guys will be gone when the beer is gone.”
“You really think that?”
“What if I’m wrong?  We just put off the shooting for a while.  Is that a problem?”  At this point I see a bunch of guys come out of the restaurant.  They look our way, and I see nothing good coming.  “Well guys,” I say much louder than before, “I am sorry to hear about Bonnie.  Be sure to give her my best.”  And I kiss each one on the cheek.  They get into their squad and start down the street about two seconds before the restaurant guys arrive.
“What was that about?” one of the guys asks.  He has a brat in one hand and ketchup on his cheek.
“One of their wives was just diagnosed with a trouble that women get.  I had it once, so his wife sent them over to ask me about it.”
“Oh.”  They went back to eating their brats, and I walked back to the bar.  I wonder if anyone has ever done a count of how many conversations have ended when a women mentioned “women’s issues.”  It always works for me.
Back in the bar I set to cleaning.  I couldn’t face the bathrooms yet, but I got out garbage bags and filled them with empty beer cans.  Four bags into it I decided to finish in the morning.  There were four guys still there nursing their beers.  I just told them to get out.  Surprisingly, they did. I turned off the lights, locked the door, and headed home.
Back home, I felt a wave of fatigue as I climbed the four steps to my porch.  You would think there were twenty.  I hung up my coat, grabbed four cookies, and headed down the hallway.  It occurred to me I had made neither of the beds.  I chose Zeke’s bed.  I took off my dress, crawled into bed, and was asleep in seconds.



Chapter 17
Road Trip

Jimmy grabbed me by both shoulders and pulled me straight up in bed.  There was a faint light coming around my window blinds so I guessed it was morning, but I was still half asleep. 
“Why are you in this bed?”
I couldn’t begin to think of an answer.  Not that it mattered.  Jimmy had an agenda.  He lifted me out of bed, and actually carried me to the other bedroom.  Down I went, arms at my sides, in he went.  Big smiles, lots of kisses.  Happy man.  I decided not to tell him we had agreed we would not use this position for sex.  He’d had a big day.  His playmates had arrived.  And he got to fuck me.  Life was good.
He climaxed almost immediately.  The guy was on fire.  I complained about his arms crushing me, but he didn’t seem to care.  He had a woman.  He had control.  He fucked me.  He held me even after he finished, his face hovering just above mine.
“Now you tell me what you said to the sheriff’s deputies last night.”
“I told them to leave.  That’s all.  They came into the bar at ten thirty.  I thought there might be trouble, so I asked them to leave.”
“And you kissed them.”
“They are old high school friends.  I kissed them on the cheek.  Women do that.”
“What did they tell you about Anderson and Wolfe?  Where are they holding them?”  It took me a minute to understand he was talking about the Sergeant and the Major.  I could hardly breathe under his bear hug, but I managed to continue our conversation.  Did he notice I was struggling?  No.  Or maybe he did, and that was how he wanted it. 
“They didn’t say anything about them.”
“So you say.  And what did you tell them about our plans for today?”
“Nothing, Jimmy.  I don’t know our plans for today.  Just a meeting at noon.”  He just stared at me.  “Jimmy, don’t treat me like this.  I told them nothing.  Trust me.  I am with you.”  More staring.  “I am your woman, Jimmy.”  Still nothing.  
I started whispering.  I told him I loved him and wanted him and belonged to him and would do anything for him.  I repeated all that and added to it.  It felt like I was whispering forever.  Finally he moved his arms and lifted some of his weight off me.  But not much.  Something else was going on.  This wasn’t a morning fuck any more.  He was studying my face.  I wondered what he wanted to see there.  Pleasure?  Fear?  Pain even?  Then I realized I should lower my eyes and not look at him.  He wanted submission.  Immobilized, he would do what he wanted, when he wanted, how he wanted.  And I was to understand that.  To accept that.  And I did.
Once he saw that, he was done quickly.  He raised himself up a bit and began giving me my orders for the day.
“Open the bar at eleven, but only serve coffee.  No one is to drink until after we get back from our drive.  Wear something very nice.  You will be on TV a lot.  After we get back from our drive, you will open the bar and beer will be free again.  They can have all they want.  It will be a celebration.  Stay open to twelve.  Now,” he got off me and sat on the edge of the bed.  
“I am going to take a shower.  While I am in there, make me some breakfast.” He stood and started walking to the bedroom door.  “Where did you put my clean clothes?”
“I didn’t do your laundry yet.  I have been too busy.”
“Get your ass out of bed and do it now.”
I did.  I got up quickly and found his clothes bag.  I did some sorting.  Maybe two loads.  I put the colors in first – shirts mostly – so I could use cold water.  When they were done, I could iron them while I washed the whites.  Once the load was started, I went into the kitchen.  I had some toast left, and just two eggs.  He was out of the shower, dressed, and sitting at the table before I was done.  I could feel him behind me, waiting impatiently.
When I put the food in front of him, he ate quickly.  Quietly.  He was obviously thinking of places to be and things to do.  I would not be sitting on his lap this morning.  He finished in minutes and then stood.  He waited.  And I realized I was expected to go to him.  I did and he put his arms around me, holding me in the usual places.
“Who’s your man?”
“You are.”
“What do you want me to know before I go?” I pulled myself up and whispered the usual things.  He pulled me closer, then kissed me and left.  I followed him out the door and stood again on the porch.  I watched every step as he walked to his car.  Finally he got there.  I waved as he backed out onto the road, and then went back inside.  I took a towel in the bathroom and wiped the snow off my feet.  I thought about the gun in my coat pocket.  I had thought of it as protection against the goons.  Would I need it against Jimmy?  I was absolutely baffled by the guy.  What the hell did he want?
I showered in water that quickly turned cold.  Apparently it was my morning to shiver.  I got dressed and stood briefly by my closet looking at dresses.  I decided that decision could wait.  I put on a robe, put his shirts in the dryer and his whites in the washer, then started on my hair and makeup.  Neither went as well as I would have liked, but I decided it was all good enough for a bunch of drunken fools.  When his shirts were ready I did some quick ironing, folded them into his duffle bag, and then folded and added his whites as they came out of the dryer.  
Had I completed my to-do list?  I went back to my room and looked at dresses again.  I looked at a couple and then decided this was all taking too long.  Whatever I wore was just going to be grabbed by many beer-soaked hands.  I saw yet another of my old blue cotton dresses and pulled it from the pack.  It had half-sleeves, a simple square-cut neck line and full skirts that would cover my knees.  It would give me at least a little protection.
Now dressed, I went back to the living room and put on my boots and coat.  I felt the gun slam against my hip.  I liked that.  I grabbed Jimmy’s duffle bag and went out on the porch.  I dropped his bag in the snow, put down my purse, and pulled out my gun.  Aiming in the same direction I had the day before, I fired once.  Stopped, and then fired again.  I didn’t drop the gun, and I thought I saw a bullet hit a tree in the general direction I was aiming.  The gun was warm when I put it back in my pocket.
Then I had second thoughts.  It would be easy for anyone to find my coat and steal anything in it.  I carried a large canvas tote bag as a purse.  That would be a better place for it.  Easier to hide.  So I made the transfer, picked up Jimmy’s duffle, and walked to my truck.
It was nearly eleven when I got to the bar.  Not much time to make a big pot of coffee and clean up yesterday’s mess.  So I ignored the mess and worked on the coffee. I also made myself a pizza.  Breakfast of champions.  While the pizza was baking I went into one of the cabinets below the back bar, and slid my purse behind several boxes.  It was a cabinet I could lock, and I did, putting that set of keys in a German beer stein we kept on one of the higher shelves.  That was about as safe as my purse was going to get.  And of course, the second I had the purse all locked up safe, I realized I had just made my gun impossible to get to if I needed it.  I would have to give this whole thing some more thought.
I opened the door precisely at eleven and started pouring coffee and answering complaints about the beer policy.  There seemed to be plenty of interest in the hair of the dog.  If they got too annoying I told them to talk with Jimmy.  I also reminded them that beer would be free when we got back from our drive. That was enough to set the grumpiness at a tolerable level.
A little before noon Jimmy came in.  He was holding his stomach in, expanding his chest, his head held high.  You would have thought he was going to his presidential inauguration.  In his hand was a package.  He came around behind the bar, set down the package and gave me a long kiss.  As usual, I had my arms around his neck, and he had his hands on my ass.  He held them there while he looked over my shoulder at the couple dozen guys nursing their coffees and hangovers.
“This is one beautiful lady, don’t you think?”  There was a bit of a shout in return.  They wanted to be enthusiastic, but it had been a long night.
“And she has done a great job for us.  Doesn’t she look great on TV?”  Another lukewarm shout.
“She will be representing us again this afternoon, so we decided we need to have her share our colors.  Gentlemen, I think you are going to like this.”  He let go of my ass long enough to unwrap the package.  Inside was a coat.  He held it up and then turned it around so the guys could see both sides.  It was an insulated jacket, with canvas on the exterior.  On the front was an embroidered name plate that must have been six by nine.  The rest of the exterior was gray camo patterned, but this tag was jet black so it stood out.  Embroidered in red letters over two lines was “Jessica Thorpe Spokeswoman.”  The back also had black embroidered pieces, also huge.  Arched across the top was “Wisconsin Militia.”  In a bar below it was “Defending Your Freedom.”
He held it out for me to put on.  I did.  Everyone cheered.  Jimmy had me turn around several times so everyone could see both sides.  As he turned me around I thought, if I wasn’t owned before, I am now.  To make that abundantly clear to everyone, and especially to me, Jimmy gave me another hug and ass grab and I put my arms around his neck and kissed him. 
This is where I might have made a scene.  Somehow wearing that coat was a whole new level of possession – a public statement – this woman belongs to this militia.  Not as a member.  As property.  He had wrapped an ownership tag around my shoulders.  I felt myself stiffen.   Jimmy must have sensed something.  The hand that was around my waist was suddenly digging into my ribs, and the hand on my ass was grabbing some serious flesh.  
“This is an important moment for you,” he whispered to me. “Your life can now get much, much better, or much, much worse.”  As he whispered, he smiled at me.  To others, it must have looked like love talk between two intimates.  “Now you need to tell me how things are between us.”
I leaned my head on his shoulder and whispered back. “I am your woman.  You own me.  I will do whatever you want.”  At that moment, under those circumstances, it was all true.  I kissed him, the boys cheered, and that was that.  
“Now soldiers.”  Jimmy shouted to the room.  “You need to turn out and stand for review.”  That pretty quickly emptied the place.  As they left, Jimmy gave me my instructions.  I was to lock up and stand with the officers on the far side of the street.  After the review he would show me which truck to get into for the road trip.  Simple enough.  I turned off the coffee pot and the lights, and then locked the door.
The men were organizing themselves into two long rows, grouped somehow by militia unit.  They stood with their backs to the bar, facing east.  Across the street were three generals and Jimmy.  He had a camo coat on this morning, but I could not see what rank he was.  I slid between a couple soldiers and crossed the street.  The coat they had given me was warm, but short.  It just came to my waist.  There was a slight wind this morning, so as I crossed the street the wind blew my skirts around.  I wondered if that had been the point of the shorter coat, or just an accident.  In any event, I was sure I was giving the men a good show.
There were others gathered to watch the review.  Nothing has happened in Amberg in decades, so you could be sure all ninety residents were out.  But it looked like people from Wausaukee and elsewhere were also up.  Some stood on the train tracks behind where I was standing.  Others were down the street a little.  No one got too close.  There were two TV crews that I could see, plus our teenage videographer.  He seemed to have an all-access pass and he moved freely through the assembled men and then around the generals.  I assumed the militia website would have much to share with the world.  
And there was a small protest - a few people with signs telling Nazis to go home.  They shouted some insults periodically, but didn’t interfere with the assembly.  I hoped the lady from the grocery store was not with them.  If she was, I was confirming all her beliefs about me.
What was the review like - besides being cold?  The men did a pretty good job.  There were about fifty in a row, pretty evenly spaced.  There were two rows, maybe four feet apart.  The front row had several flags in a group – American, Confederate, and something with lots of black that I assumed was the militia flag.  Each man had a rifle over his right shoulder and stood pretty straight.  I could believe what Dave had said about some ex-military being in the group. 
Jimmy stood with me while the three generals walked down the first row and then went behind them to walk down the back row.  Sometimes they stopped to ask questions, sometimes they pointed to something on the men’s clothing, and sometimes they asked to see their weapon.  They walked slowly and appeared to take great care with each man’s inspection.  Meanwhile, even though I was holding my skirt down, the wind was blowing across my legs and I was getting cold fast.
What was my own view of the men?  Most appeared in their late thirties, and I would guess most had played high school football.  A few were fat or at least had bellies protruding, but I wouldn’t have called any of them obese.  Lots had beards, including a few that would have fit on the old Duck Dynasty show.  Of course that was all just appearance.  What were these men really like?  I was uncomfortable around them.  Maybe it was the eyes.  There was an intensity, and anger.  I had seen it last night as they drank, being rough with each other.  There had been no fights, but it had been close.  Stepping on feet even in a crowded room was grounds for tough talk.  Or maybe it was just the lack of kind talk that I found problematic.  Were any of these men really friends?  Would any of them help another member of the group?  As for me, I had been fondled and groped enough I knew being alone in a room with them for any time would be a really bad idea.
But I stood there with Jimmy and watched this display.  It went on nearly twenty minutes.  Then the generals came back and shouted something about the unit being approved.  Then Jimmy stepped forward and explained how the drive would work.
“There will be four men in each vehicle,” he said.  “Vehicles will observe the posted speed limits and leave at least twenty feet of clearance between each.  We will be driving approximately one hour.  When we arrive at our destination, you will assemble at points assigned to you by your officers.  During that time, you will carry your weapon with you.  You will have safeties on.  Our task today is to secure an area for the local loggers.  We will be reclaiming part of their land which has been stolen by bureaucrats and turned over to blood sucking corporations.  These people have been abused again and again, as have many of us.  Today we stand up.  If confronted by agents of this corrupt government, you will not back down, you will not surrender your weapons.  But – and this is crucial – you will not fire on government agents unless your officers order you to do so.  Do you understand?  I want to hear ‘yes, sir.”  And one hundred men shouted that in unison.
“Be proud today, men.”  This was a stage for him, and he filled it.  Belly gone, chest filled, Jimmy was leading.  “Now disperse to your assigned vehicles.  Drivers assemble on this street.  We leave at twelve forty five.”  
The next part did not go as well.  One hundred men with four in a truck means twenty five  trucks.  That takes up a lot of room, and Main Street in Amberg is not long enough for twenty five trucks.  The first fifteen fit well enough, but the last ten were around the corner and got mixed up with other cars that were passing through town (we do have a few cars a day pass through here), and there was some honking and shouting.  All I wanted to do was get into someone’s – anyone’s -- truck and out of the cold.  Fortunately that eventually happened.  There was a driver, a general, and Jimmy and me in the back seat of Ford crew cab.  It was painted in brown camo and looked like it had fought in at least two wars.  Fortunately it had a heater, and it blew enough air to eventually heat the back seat.
Jimmy patted the seat next to him and I slid closer.  He put an arm around me and pulled my head onto his shoulder.  As the heat built up in the truck, I found myself dozing off.  Somewhere out on A we hit a bump that woke me up.  I looked ahead and saw we were fourth in the convoy.  I could see in the rear view mirror we had a long string of vehicles – mostly trucks – behind us.  We were going about fifty, and I think we might have been confused with a funeral procession, but you don’t see many Confederate flags flying in a funeral procession – at least not in Wisconsin.  Two trucks back was a guy standing in the bed of a pickup truck, holding a huge flag with one hand while holding on to the truck’s light bar with the other.  I watched a bit, wondering if the wind was going to blow him out of the truck.  But it didn’t.
As we got closer to Town Line Road I wondered if we were going to turn there and go straight to the loggers.  I assumed our convoy was being followed by media cars and probably unmarked squads.  We would be leading them right to the illegal logging.  Jimmy seemed to sense my concern.
“Don’t worry.  We won’t go anywhere near them.  If anything, we’ll have the rangers so busy they will never have time to come down to this end of the forest.”  He pulled me toward him again, and I laid my head back down on his shoulder.
Where were we going?  Forest headquarters.  That became obvious as we stayed on A for mile after mile.  There was nothing else along here.  It took another half hour, and I saw that I was right.  The convoy swung into the entrance road, drove another mile, and then stopped at the gate.  The gate was locked and had a big “Closed for the season” sign on it.  
The next part scared me a bit.  Everyone shut off their engines, got out of their trucks, and readied their weapons.  All of this in complete silence.  There were a few hand signals as men formed into groups.  Then the groups continued up the road, around the “closed” sign, and then headed for various places they must have been assigned.  I watched how they moved.  The road had not been plowed, so they had to push through a foot or so of snow, but they never looked down.  They kept searching the woods ahead of them, looking like they expected to be ambushed.
Jimmy and I were in a group of about a dozen.  We waited until all the other groups had gone through, then we followed.  At the back of our group was the teen videographer who recorded every move we made.  About a hundred yards ahead was a fairly large building, with smaller buildings scattered to the left and right off some distance.  They must have had a map in advance, because there was a group of men going for each building.  Each group moved cautiously to one of the buildings, surrounded it, and then broke open a door to go in.
We seemed to be assigned the main building.  The snow had been trampled somewhat by the other groups, but it was still work getting to the building.  Once there, we followed the pattern of the other groups – we surrounded the building, and then someone pushed open the door.  I followed Jimmy in.  What can I say about the place?  It was pretty much what you would expect.  I’m willing to bet it was at least fifty years old, the exterior was covered in half logs, and the interior was cheap paneling that I would guess had been painted twenty times.  Most of it was a big open area where campers were to come in and stand at a counter waiting for permits.  There were maps on the walls, and lots of brochures in racks.  If you wanted information on how to build a safe camp fire, this was the place.
While I was looking around this room, guys were breaking open the two offices in the back, and then I could hear locks breaking as they tore open filing cabinets and desk drawers.  At this point I started backing out of the building.  This was breaking and entering.  People went to jail for this.  But Jimmy grabbed my upper arm and yanked me back to him.  He kept a tight grip while the men in the rooms searched through whatever the files held.
Finally one of the men came out of the office and gave a file to one of the generals.  “I think this is it,” he said.  The general set the file down on the counter, pushing a pile of camping applications out of the way.  Jimmy stepped over to look at it with him, holding my arm the whole time.  I could see pretty quickly it was file of contracts, not too hard to guess since they had a Forest Service logo on the top and the word “Contract for Services” right underneath it.  Jimmy and the general scanned one and then turned to the next.  They quickly went through the whole folder, then went back to the first one and started over.
“Do you see it?”  The general asked Jimmy.
“Yes.  All the larger contracts are going to Forest Services International.”  The general called over two of his men. 
“Smith, I want you to add up the total paid to this company in the last year.  Bennett, do a Google search on this company.”  Bennett wanted to argue.
“Sir, we are at the ass end of nowhere.  The chance of me getting a single bar out here is laughable.”
“We are in a National Forest.  They need some cell service even if it is just to call in a fire.  Give it a try and see if you are laughing.”  The general pushed him toward one of the desks, and he and Jimmy went back to looking in the file.  They pulled out all the Forest Services contracts and gave them to Smith.  Then they gave the remaining contracts their attention.
“I’m not seeing anything here.”  Jimmy said as he turned the pages.  “Just tiny contracts for a few thousand dollars.  It doesn’t add up to anything.” 
“Yes it does,” I said.  “Did you see the address of those companies?  Milwaukee, Madison, Wausau.  Nobody local.  Those small jobs would matter to the guys up here.”
“So what are you saying,” Jimmy asked.  “They hire locals first?”  
“No you don’t.” The general looked at Jimmy and then stared at me.  “That sounds like a set-aside.  And there’s already too damn many of them.  We have set-asides for women, set-asides for minorities, set-asides for gays and immigrants.  It is damn near impossible for a white man to get a government contract for anything.”  Each word he spoke came out at a higher volume.  By the time he was done he was shouting in my face.  I looked away.  He stared a little longer, then turned his wrath on Bennett.
“Bennett, I want to hear that company is owned by the Chinese or the Russians or the mafia.”
“I did get to their web site.  They appear to work in a number of countries.  They are headquartered in Montreal.  Half their website is in French.”
“Track down their board and tell me how many are Jews.”
At this point everyone’s attention turned to the group coming up the road toward us.  They had cameras rolling.  Jimmy looked at the general.  “Where do you want to set this up?”
“Let’s do it inside, so they can show the public we have taken over these buildings.”
Jimmy took my arm, and we went around to the other side of the counter.  There was a large desk there.  He pulled three chairs around behind it and set me in one of them.  Meanwhile I could hear the general shouting at Smith.  “Tell me you have a number for me.”
“Thirteen million, four hundred fifty thousand and change.”
“I don’t want – and change.  These people are more impressed if you can give them exact figures.  I want you to write the number on a piece of paper I can wave around.  Put it on the top of the contracts and hand it all to me when I ask you to.  Got it?”  He didn’t wait for an answer but came around the counter and sat with us.  He and Jimmy both unzipped their coats, I guess to appear more relaxed.  I opened mine too, and started to take it off, even as cold as it was, but Jimmy grabbed my arm.  I would be wearing camo for this press conference.
The “conference” began with a bit of showmanship.  The news crews were stopped outside the building.  One of the officers of the militia asked to see identification.  We could see out the building windows that he was inspecting it thoroughly and demanding it of each person.  There were five of them -- two from one station and three from another.  He did his review, told them he would ask for permission for them to enter, and then came in to see the general.  They had a quiet conversation back and forth, really just to stall the news people, and then the officer went back out and escorted the news folks into the building.
The general immediately stood up and greeted them.  “You are welcome here.  We think you will be safe, but should government agents begin any kind of attack, I ask you to stay in place while we move you to a safe location.”  Stay in place while we move you?  That didn’t make a lot of sense, but the news people were too busy setting up cameras to notice.  Jimmy leaned over to me and began pointing out something on his phone.  “Just nod” he said as he mumbled and showed me nothing of importance.  All the others in the room moved about to look busy, and the general appeared to be directing several people from his place behind the desk.  It was pretty much all pantomime, but we kept at it until the cameras were rolling and the first question came in from the on-air personality – a nice young lady who was apparently part of the weekend crew.  It looked like Nancy had the day off.
“General Aires, you and about one hundred armed men have broken into a number of buildings here at Nicolet National Forest.  What are you doing here?”
“We are opening this forest land to the people of Wisconsin, freeing it from a corrupt government.  Our men are currently doing an inventory of all resources here and searching through various information resources to determine all the sources of corruption that have been underway at this location.”
“And what have you found so far?”  I was half expecting the general to leap over the counter and kiss her for her question.  But he stayed standing at attention.
“Sergeant Smith,” he asked of his man standing ready.  “What is the figure you have found so far?”  Smith must have had some acting experience.  There was a reason he was with this group and not one of the others sitting freezing in the outlying buildings.  He was busily looking through the contracts he had already looked at, but raised his head at the general’s request, but so slowly both cameras had time to pan over to him and see him look up from his contracts and his calculator (an app on his phone).
“The figure is well over thirteen million dollars, General.”  He looked truly shocked as he announced the number.
“Would you give those contracts to me?”  Smith walked over and handed him the contracts, and then pointed to the number he had written on the paper.
“Here is my initial total.  We have only begun our search, so I would not be surprised if there are more contracts to be found.”
The general took the contracts as if he was being given an ancient relic, and looked long and hard at the paper on top.  “Thirteen million, four hundred fifty one thousand, three hundred dollars.  All in one year, to one foreign company.”  He looked at Smith as if he were surprised at the number, then waved the sheet of paper at the reporters.  “Thirteen million dollars stolen from American taxpayers and given to a foreign company while local businesses are going bankrupt.  What kind of government does that?  How many bribes did that take?  Here.” He gestured to the reporters.  “You are welcome to see these materials for yourselves.”  And he laid the contracts and summary paper on the counter.  I have no idea if “General” Aires had ever studied acting, but he was good at it – especially at showing indignation. 
Both on-air people briefly pawed at the papers, but cameras were rolling and they had no time to really look at any of them.  Nor did they have any context.  So the other on-air person stepped up.  He was even younger and might even have been an intern.
“Could you summarize what you are alleging? “  He didn’t understand what was going on, so why not ask?
“Maybe I can help.”  Jimmy now stood up.  “As you know, we have been invited up here by a community that is facing real hardship.  Something is wrong, and they know it, but they needed a strong arm to help them get to the bottom of the problem.  Their question is simple.  In a part of Wisconsin covered in trees, how is it loggers can be going broke?  Now we have the answer.  Corrupt officials have arranged for all contracts to go to this international company, with nothing for hard working Wisconsin loggers.  You have the proof in front of you.  Use your phones to take pictures of the contracts and do your own research.”
“Thank you,” the intern said.  It was clear he could not think of a follow up question.  Finally the girl stepped up with the closer.
“Do you have anything else to say?” 
 Jimmy turned to me.  “Would you like to add anything?”  Nice touch.  Include the woman.  But I did have something to say.
“We haven’t been here long enough to find every contract written, but it appears all the big ones are going to a company in Montreal, and the smaller contracts are going to firms in Milwaukee and Madison.  We have seen nothing with the local companies.  Last week I talked with a logger who has tried to get work here.  He says the contract process is too slow, too expensive, and too complicated.  Why should that be?  Local loggers could be in here tomorrow cleaning out fire lanes or creating camp grounds.  They have the equipment and they want to work.  There has to be some way to make that happen.”  By now I knew to keep looking at the cameras for an extra two or three seconds when done.  I did that and then sat down.
The TV people were already breaking down their equipment.  They had lots of talk for what would be a two minute segment Sunday evening.  They took some background shots as they left, lots of folks shook hands, and then they were gone.
What was next for us?  I sat down and wrapped my skirts tightly around my legs as I tried to stay warm, but my calves were bare.  I was cold and wanted this to be all over.  It wasn’t.  Jimmy and the general needed to go out and review the troops.  They trudged through the snow to each of the out buildings, no doubt asking what they had found and if they had seen any government “agents.”  I understood.  They needed the other men to think they had done something useful, maybe even courageous.  The paid videographer took lots of video of each group, and I am sure that helped morale as well.  But it took nearly an hour, and I was sitting in an unheated room.
Eventually everyone got cold, or bored, and the general called for the men to leave.  He gathered them before they got into their trucks and gave them a pep talk for a few minutes – they had found really important “intel” and had achieved a great success.  He was proud of them and what they had accomplished.  Jimmy probably had the most popular thing to say – the beer was free once they got back.  That got a cheer and got men moving back to their trucks.  Thank God.
The sun was already getting low in the sky as we drove back.  Even with twenty five trucks around us, driving through such empty, snow-filled land had its impact.  No one in our truck said much.  Jimmy pulled me close.  This time I voluntarily put my head on his shoulder, and I dosed off pretty quickly.
Things were much more lively once we got back to Amberg.  I opened the bar and started hauling twelve packs out of the store room.  We went through them pretty fast.  The restaurant next door also did a big business in brats and burgers.  What were conversations like?  The guys in the headquarters group described what they had found and how the press conference had gone.  And that seemed to elevate the mood.  But I did hear a few comments along the lines of “What the hell did we do that for?”  This was from the guys who had opened the more distant buildings and then had stood there for two hours.  Jimmy happened upon one group, and he told them “Thank you for covering our perimeter.  Knowing you had it secure really mattered.”  And maybe some of them bought it, but they had been cold, and they had been bored, and they had been disappointed in the “action” they had gotten.
So there was an undercurrent of anger all evening.  And there was a level of aggression.  Maybe it was because they had carried their guns into action.  They had gotten themselves ready to shoot.  Their blood lust was up.  I could literally feel the difference.  The night before, as I had worked my way through the crowd to get more twelve packs, I might have felt a light brush on my backside.  This night I was getting grabbed.  And if I pushed the hand away, I did not get an apology, I got a leer.
So I should not have been as surprised as I was at about ten that night when I went into the store room for yet another pair of twelve packs, and I heard the door close behind me.  He was a big guy, and he said “Can I help you with those?” But then he immediately pushed me again a wall and started reaching under my skirt.  I grabbed his hand and started to shout, but he grabbed the back of my neck, bent my head back, and shoved his mouth onto mine.  I pushed with my other hand, but I couldn’t move him.  Meanwhile, he got a hold of my panties and was starting to pull.
I heard the door open and two more men came in.  I had an instant of hope, but then they closed the door and came to me, watching with interest as I struggled.  It was going to be gang rape, and the only question at the moment was whether they were going to stand me against the wall, or put me on the floor.
The door opened again and I saw two more men.  But these men had guns drawn.
“The first man who moves, dies.”  The three men around me froze.  I pushed away the hand under my skirt, and straightened my clothes.  “The penalty for rape is execution.  If you make any sudden moves or say a word, I will carry out the execution now.”  He let that sink it.  “I will point my weapon at one of you at a time.  When my weapon is on you, you will very slowly put all your weapons on the floor.  If you move quickly, or the others move at all, we will open fire.  You first.”  He pointed to the big man who had attacked me first.  He looked like he wanted to fight, but after some initial hesitation, he took off the AR 15 he had across his back and laid it on the floor.  He made sure to put it near my feet.  I kicked him in the face and then stepped on his gun.  He moved to get up but the guy at the door shouted, “Don’t.  Stay right where you are, or I will shoot you.”
He pointed at the others in turn and they also put their weapons on the floor, but not near enough to my feet to be kicked.
“Now you will crawl over here very slowly.  If I think you are going too fast, I will shoot you.”  They crawled toward the door.  As they got about halfway to the door, the two men with guns opened the door and backed out.  “Keep coming.  You will crawl out of this bar, you will crawl down the street, and you will get in your trucks and go.  If you return to any militia activity, you will executed on sight.”  The men kept crawling out of the storeroom and across the bar.  The other men made room.
About halfway through the room one of the men said, “That’s a thousand dollar gun back there.”  
The man with the gun said, “I have a forty five cent bullet here.  Make your choice.”  The five of them kept moving out the door and down the street.  About twenty men followed them out and watched.  There was always the risk that one of the rapists had a pistol under his seat, so when they got to the trucks, they were ordered to get in one at a time with both guns pointed at the man until he had driven off.  I watched from the door.  I took a good look at each truck in case I saw it again.
When my two saviors came back to the bar, I stopped them outside and hugged them.  And yes, I cried.  I mumbled “Thank you.”  Not really much to say, but it was all I had.  They stood with me patiently while I hugged them.  Finally one of them said, “Stay behind the bar.  We will bring things out of the storeroom when you need them.  OK?”  I nodded agreement, tried to wipe my eyes, and then followed them back into the bar.
What was the rest of the night like?  I am sure you can imagine.  I poured beer and looked at the floor, and the men drank beer and looked at everything but me.  I was supposed to stay open until midnight, but the place was empty by eleven thirty.  The two guys who had helped me stayed behind.  They said they would walk me to my truck, and then follow me home and park at the end of my drive for a few hours.  And that’s what we did.  They parked behind me in my driveway.  I got out of my truck, walked back to them, thanked them once more, and yes, I hugged them again and cried some more.  They were both young -- I would say in their twenties, and I wondered if they were ex-military.  I heard lots of “Mams” in their responses to me.
Finally I asked if I could bring anything out for them, but they said they were fine.  So I stepped through yet another inch of new snow, and went into my trailer.
Zeke was sitting on the far end of the couch.  He had one end of the window blind turned back.  When I turned the light on, he put the drape back over the window.
“Protection detail?” He asked.  I nodded and took off my coat and boots.  My canvas tote bag went down at the foot of the couch.  I couldn’t think of anything to say.  I walked to the couch and nestled in close to Zeke, with my back to him, and then I pulled both his arms around me.  He hugged me and I leaned back into him.
“Tighter would be better.” And he responded.  Nothing was said for a very long time.  Finally I started it.  “You have been gone again.”
“I needed to do something.”
“In the meantime, you are sharing me with another man.”
“Very briefly.”
“We will see.”  There was another long silence.  He broke it this time.
“I needed to be in Waukesha.  I was interviewed again about the shooting.  And I wanted to learn more about Jimmy Hanlon.”
“And?”
“He’s a stereotype.  He comes from the Milwaukee suburbs – the working class ones – and he goes to UW Milwaukee.  He joins the College Republicans and quickly becomes a top officer since there are only about five Republicans on campus.  He gets the political bug and decides he has found his career.  After graduation he is off to the usual series of internships and campaign jobs.”
“Pretty boring, Zeke.”
“There is a point.  He spends ten years as a campaign aide, making pennies.  He is looking for friends, mentors, anyone who can help him get his first step up.  I am trying to describe a desperate man.  Finally he is told Waukesha County is the place to be – the beating heart of Republican Wisconsin.  So he goes, but the place is full of people just like him.  The best he can do is find a County Supervisor post.  He has that five years and tries to build on it, but he takes a shortcut.  He needs campaign funds, and a construction firm needs a road contract.  It gets out, and while he doesn’t go to jail, he also doesn’t get re-elected.”
“So here he is, forty years old and out of politics.  He goes back to working as a campaign aide, doing penance for three years.  Finally an old friend helps, and he gets a town chairmanship.  He lasts four years, then once again bends the rules trying to build a campaign war chest.  He has ambitions.  Big ones.  And those cost money.”
“How does that connect him up here?”
“He is pushing fifty and has gotten nowhere.  The show he is putting on here, and the link to this stupid militia – it’s his Hail Mary pass.  And it has to work.  He is too old to start again.  Somehow, some way, he has to make this work.  Which is a long way of saying, be really careful around him.” 
“OK, since we are doing biographies, what if we do yours?”
“You mean the shooting.”
“That’s a good place to start.”  I turn around on the couch.  I want to see his face as he tells this story.”
“I shot a boy.  A review committee is trying to determine if I should have or should not have.  They told me yesterday they will probably say I was Okay.”
“And that’s it?”
“Not even close.” At this point he did some turning, and he turned me a bit, and then he pulled my head on to his chest.  It was pretty clear he did not want me seeing his face while he talked.
“On TV if you shoot a man, he dies.  He is down, it is over.  In reality, humans are pretty tough.  Even with two bullets in them, they will move, squirm, choke.  And they will look at you.  He and I were alone for twenty minutes while we waited for the ambulance.  He was in a lot of pain, and he had trouble breathing.  I got down to do some first aid, but he was bleeding out.  In the last minutes he held out his hand, and I took it.  I watched his face, and held his hand while he died.”
“I’m so sorry.”  
“There’s a message in that story for you.  That pistol I can see bulging out the side of your bag, be really sure you want to use it.”
There was nothing said after that.  I kept my head on his chest, and he kept his arms around me.  I soon fell asleep.
I don’t know what woke me.  Maybe he moved.  I don’t blame him if he did.  My head is heavy.  Maybe it was the sound of my bodyguards starting their truck and driving off.  I moved the blind and saw tail lights.  The wall clock said it was after two, and I thought of Jimmy.
 “I would like you to leave.  Please.”  I kissed him and then got up from the couch. He got up and put on his coat.  No questions or comments, thank God.  He just walked to the door.  I thanked him and kissed him and then let him go.  I watched out the window while he walked through the poplars.  Then I shut off the lights and went back to my bedroom.  I got undressed, put on a white satin night gown, and got into the bed I shared with Jimmy.



Chapter 18
Sunday Parade

I heard him arrive around sunup.  Forty year old trailer floors move when a two hundred fifty pound man steps on them.  I pulled my covers back so he could see me.  He came in, sat on the edge of the bed, and ran his fingers over my gown.  
“Very nice.  Sorry I couldn’t be with you last night.  You were fabulous on TV by the way.”
“Not so fabulous in the store room.”
“I heard about that.  The men will be punished.”
“Jimmy, most of those men are thugs.  Two good guys saved me.  Ten others would have stood in line for a time with me.”
“Yes.”  And of course that was his way of saying the conversation was over.  I had almost been gang raped.  But it had been a good day overall.
Then it was time for my morning fucking.  While he got undressed, I put myself in the position he wanted.  He was quickly on top of me, and quickly in me, but this time he did not pin my arms so tightly to my sides.  So I was able to reach around and put my hands on his back.  And while he held me, he also touched me, sliding his hand over my shoulder and then over my breast.  I found myself kissing him and holding him.
He stayed in me longer than usual, and when he was done, rather than stay on me, he slid to the side.  I rolled toward him and stayed close.
“You please me a great deal.”  He said.
“Thank you.”
“I think I have something special for you today.  Open the bar at the usual time, but no alcohol before noon.  We will do a parade to entertain people at noon.  You can stay in the bar.  After the parade, most of the men will leave.  Those that come into the bar can get beer, but it will not be free, and be careful how much they have.  We don’t want any DUIs.  Okay?”  He was looking into my eyes and massaging one of my breasts while he talked.  That was okay.  I smiled and kissed him.
“Close the bar at nine, then come back here and put on your prettiest party dress.  The leadership group is meeting at my house, and I want you there.  It is at the far end of Town Corner Lake Road.  Bring clothing so you can spend the night.”  I smiled and kissed him again.
He got out of bed and asked, “Where did you put my clean clothes?”
“Oh, they are out in my truck.”  While he went into the shower, I put on my coat and boots and went out to my truck.  His duffle was there, filled with very cold clothes.  I went back in and put a set of clothes into the drier.  I gave them five minutes to warm, and then took them into the bathroom.  He was out of the shower and standing there with a towel.  He stopped and let me look at him. His belly looked bigger, his chins lower.  He used his fingers to try to move his hair, but he couldn’t cover his bald spot.  His face had probably never been handsome.  He stood.  I looked.  I saw every shortcoming.    I thought about what had Zeke had said.  His years of effort.  His years of mediocrity.  I looked at his body.  You had to be sympathetic, didn’t you?  The years had not been kind.  I could see this might well be his last chance.
I set his clothes down next to the sink, and then reached up and pulled the straps for my night gown over my shoulders.  I grabbed the gown near my waist and pulled down, first over my breasts, and then over my hips.  I let it drop to the floor and stepped next to him.  I reached under his arms and pulled myself to him with my head on his chest.  He put his arms around me and we stood that way for a while.  Then I felt him hardening.  I lifted myself up on my toes, spread myself, and came down onto him.  We stood that way, interlocked, the thirty eight year old trailer trash and the fifty year old failed politician.  What a couple.  I don’t know what I felt at that moment, but I remember I held him tight.
Eventually we kissed, and then separated.  I put my nightgown back on, slowly, while he watched.  Then I left the room and waited while he dressed.  When he came out, I asked him if he wanted breakfast, but he said he would eat with the others.  He put on his coat and boots and walked to the door.  I followed.  He opened the door, kissed me again, and then said, “Stay inside.  It is too cold this morning.”  As he left I kept the door partially open and leaned out to watch him.  I waved as he drove away.  I was slow to close the door.  Something had changed in me, and I knew it.  Maybe it was knowing his past.  Maybe it was seeing him like that.  Him letting me see the fat, the wear and tear.  Maybe it was something else entirely.  But I felt something for him.  I said I was his partner.  Even knowing all his shortcomings.  Even knowing he had hurt me, and might well hurt me again.  I knew that made no sense.  But I felt it just the same.  I am one messed up lady.
The next couple hours were about water again.  I showered in what was left of the hot water, then started doing laundry.  I put my dresses in first since they were colored and so would be done in cold water.  My hope was the water heater would recharge by the time I needed it for all my bedding and other whites.
Meanwhile I made a couple pieces of toast and cleaned up the kitchen.  I wasn’t really all that hungry, which seemed odd.  These days I was either famished or barely hungry.  Odd.  While I ate my toast I sat at my kitchen table, looked at my poplars, and wondered what kind of woman I was.  One man treated me well, one treated me badly, and I stayed with both.  Why?
I heard the washing machine buzz, so I changed loads and then started on my hair and makeup.  I think I was putting off picking a dress.  The bar was no longer a safe place for me.  I had to be careful.  But Jimmy also liked me to look pretty.  So I put on my slip and stood one more time looking into my closet.  What was pretty but safe?  Finally I found a red checked dress, cotton, long full sleeves, high neckline, full skirt well over the knees.  I couldn’t remember buying it.  It must have been one of my mother’s.
Eventually the last load was out of the dryer, and I refilled my closet and my dresser and made up both beds.  That was the last of my chores.  I put on my militia jacket, swung my canvas bag over my shoulder, and walked to my truck.  With luck, my two young friends would be there when I opened the bar.  In any case, there was nothing I would be getting out of the store room any time soon.
And that’s the way it worked out.  My two guards sat on stools near the door.  I filled the coffee pot behind the bar, and the few men who wandered in seemed friendly enough.  A little after eleven the three church ladies came in with their husbands, and I thought I might get complaints about serving them and not others.  But it seemed like everyone was on their best behavior.
Noon came and all the militia men went outside to stand in rows again.  I didn’t do a count, but it looked to me like the rows were shorter this morning.  But the structure was pretty much the same – rows on this side of the street, leaders opposite.  I was watching through the window so I didn’t hear everything that was said, but I got the gist.  Yesterday had been fabulous, it was a great victory, they should be proud, blah, blah, blah.  Finally they got around to explaining the parade.  Basically everyone was going to drive around in a line, they would circle the town three times, and then everyone could go home.  They were all going to meet here again next weekend, and they would be getting top secret communications about that in the next forty eight hours.  Dismissed.
I didn’t see as many spectators this morning, and it was probably just as well.  Seeing seventy or eighty cars and trucks go around and around in a circle is not exactly riveting.  Finally most of them headed over to 141 and started south toward home.  Maybe ten guys decided they needed one for the road, but they were pretty good about holding to two beers.  When one guy wanted more, I pointed out that the cops would probably be watching all militia vehicles hoping to catch someone.  That made sense to him, so he finished the last of his beer and left.
By two it was just me and six or eight locals.  Two I knew, the rest were just nosey.  They had seen me on TV, and now they wanted to talk about it.  I was a celebrity.  I assumed they just wanted to have something to say at work tomorrow, but I didn’t mind.  One guy wanted to give me a hard time about being in a militia, and another guy told me how much he appreciated my support for loggers, but that’s about as political as it got.  Mostly it was just casual conversation with everyone on their best manners. 
Time passed.  I made pizzas, served drinks, talked about this and that.  Starting around eight I started telling people I would be closing at nine so I could get some cleaning done.  No one seemed to have a problem with that, and in fact by eight forty five I had the last guy out and the door locked.  You can’t clean much in fifteen minutes, but I at least got all the beer cans bagged and out the back door.
Nine o’clock I locked up the bar, and by nine ten I was standing in my bedroom looking at the dress.  When men use the term “party dress,” they mean something short and shiny.  And I had one.  It had a history.  I had last worn that dress the night before my wedding to Rick.  He wanted to do a small party – him and a few of his friends, me and a few of mine.  His parents would not be attending.  By this time it was an open secret that the wedding would be only a formality.  He would make an “honest woman” of me, and he would “do the right thing.”  I was four months pregnant.
While everyone knew all this, I was eighteen, and I had my own plan.  I was going to wear this dress, and he would see what he was giving up.  And I did look good.  The dress was yellow satin, spaghetti straps with a very low cut neck line.  My breasts had grown when I had Tiffany, and they were growing again with this new pregnancy.  In short, half my boobs were in my dress, and half were out.  The skirt was also very short and flounced, so whenever I moved the skirt moved and drew attention to my young ass.  Rick was going to take one look and any thought of phony marriage was going to disappear.
Did it work?  Obviously not, but I think I came close.  The party had liquor and music and dancing, and I danced real close and real slow.  I also kissed real long and real deep.  His heart was racing and his pants front was bulging.  We left the party early and stayed in bed late.  But the wedding happened and his parents happened, and a week after Britney was born I signed the divorce papers.
What was I getting into tonight?  I had no idea, but I was pleased to see the dress still fit, and that my thirty eight year old boobs were still half in and half out of the dress.  Jimmy was going to get an eyeful.  I had no matching shoes, but I did have a pair of white sandals with two inch heels, and I figured they would do.  I would put them on once I got to the house.  So I tossed them on my bed, and then started adding the other things I would need – a dress for tomorrow, fresh underwear, a nighty, a toothbrush…  I put it all in a pile and then rolled it all up into an overnight bag.  I was ready.
But then I picked up my tote bag with the gun.  I couldn’t take that there.  Even if no one looked in my purse, they just had to lift it to know it held more than Kleenex and car keys.  I would leave it behind.  But where?  I walked back and forth through the trailer, knowing I was getting later and later.  Finally I saw the waste basket in the bathroom.  It was half full of used Kleenex.  Who would look in there?  I put the gun in the bottom of the basket, gave my hair and makeup a quick refresh, and I was gone.
How cold was the January air on my legs?  I cursed my Dodge and my slow heater all the way across town.  Town Corner Lake is northwest of town, out ten miles or so.  The lake has no public access, so I had never been there.  So while my legs froze, I kept my speed down so I didn’t miss whatever lane I needed to get to his house.  As for which house it would be, that would be simple.  It would have lights on and cars out front.
I found a very small road that circled the lake.  It said “Private Road” but I had to believe this was the one.  I followed it, and at the very far side of the lake found what was obviously the place.  It was a huge, two storied place with large porches facing the lake, huge windows, multiple fireplace chimneys, and half-cut logs making the place look like a log cabin – that is if log cabins could be bought for a million dollars.  Whatever Jimmy’s friend did, he didn’t work minimum wage.
Parking was a problem.  Six or eight cars were already into the small areas that had been plowed.  I finally found a place between two trees.  Tote bag and overnight bag in hand, I walked to the front doors – a pair of beautiful walnut doors with leaded glass in the windows.  I had seen such doors in a magazine once. They looked better here than they had in the picture.
Jimmy must have been watching for me, because he opened the door the minute I got there.  He was all smiles.  He had me come in, helped me off with my coat, and then admired me the way I had hoped Rick would.  He had me turn around so he could see all of me, and then started grabbing ass.
“When you let go of me, I need to change shoes.”  I said.  He pointed to a bench in an adjoining room.  Apparently shoe changing was a common activity.  I got my sandals on and then did another spin for him.  
He smiled, took my overnight bag, and said “Let me show you to our room.”  We went up a back stairway and then to a large open area with multiple doors.  If these were bedrooms, I counted six.  The one he took me to must have been the master bedroom.  It had a pair of doors sporting inlaid hard woods.  Jimmy pushed the door open, tossed the bag on the bed, and then picked me up to carry me in.  I got a quick impression of the place – large size, large windows facing the lake, its own bathroom, a stone fireplace… But Jimmy seemed most interested in showing me the bed. He put me on it and was kissing me instantly.
“Wasn’t there supposed to be a meeting?” I asked when I could get my mouth free enough to talk.
“They know you are here, and they know we will want some time to ourselves.  They can wait.”  And they did.  Jimmy did everything but take my clothes off, but eventually he settled down and said we should go down to the meeting.  He took me a different way out of the bedroom, and we were quickly standing on a landing.  Below was a room big enough to be a hotel lobby.  The walls were paneled, a massive stone fireplace took up much of the far wall, and a huge chandelier hung over it all.  Seated in brown leather chairs were four men.
“Gentlemen, I present Jessica.  Jessica, you see the real leaders of Wisconsin.”  I smiled and waved.  Then Jimmy started down the stairs.  I had forgotten how hard stairs are in heels.  But I kept a tight grip on Jimmy’s arm and made it down.  Jimmy led me to the edge of the chairs, wrapped an arm around me, and then told me the name of each of the men.  I was sure I would not remember a single name, but I smiled and said “Hello.”
That done, Jimmy told me: “There are two lady guests in the kitchen.  They are putting together a late snack.  You might want to go in there to meet them and say hello.”  He pointed down a hallway.  Oops.  I was being sent to the girls’ room?  He gave me a swat on the backside, the men laughed, and I went where I was told.
I found the kitchen easily enough.  It was at the end of the hall.  It was massive.  They could have served a banquet from here. On one side was a pair of women I would put in their mid-twenties.  They were doing a cheese wheel.  They were both young and beautiful, and each was wearing a tits and ass dress.  The one of the left was wearing black satin (or some plastic equivalent), strapless, with rounded domes over each breast.  The waist was cut tight to emphasize the hips and ass.  The skirt came about an inch above her knees and was so tight I doubted she could take step of more than eight or ten inches.  Of course that kind of dress was only meant for walking to the nearest bedroom.  The girl to her right wore a similar tight dress of similar material, but she must have bought it in the Caribbean.  It was all yellows and oranges and some green.  If anything, the skirt was shorter and tighter.  Both were wearing stiletto heels that had to be four inches.  I walked over to them, my heels clicking on the tile floor.
“Hi.  I’m Jessica.  Can I help?”  This is where it can get difficult with women.  They were either going to freeze me out, or welcome me in – no in between.  Fortunately, I was welcomed.
“Hi.  I’m Becky” said the one in black, “and this is Katie.  Jimmy told us you were coming.  He’s all excited.  And I can see why.”  At this point she was giving me a serious inspection.  “You are very pretty.  How old are you?”
“Thirty eight.”
“We’re each twenty eight, but we tell everyone we are twenty six.”
“Those are both great ages to be.”  I couldn’t think of anything else to say about that.  “Can I help you with this?”  If you are not from Wisconsin, you may not know the highest art form is the cheese wheel.  You cut up cheese in various sizes, add cut up sausage, and some crackers, and then comes the real work, you take a large plate and put overlapping pieces of cheese, and then sausage, around the edge of the plate.  You work your way to the center in a kind of spiral.  Everyone eats such wheels here, and they are all made the same.  The difference is the quality of the cheese and sausage. I was betting they were cutting cheese varieties I had never heard of.
My new friends were happy to share the work.  They kept cutting cheese and sausage, and I began placing the slices around a pair of plates.  Both plates were huge.  There would be far more cheese and sausage than eight people could eat, but I went along with their plan.  Eventually we got done.  
At this point the women each picked up a cheese plate, gave me a basket full of crackers, and we walked back to the main room like a procession.  I was right, by the way, they could barely take a step more than a foot long.  But eventually we got there, and we lined up with Becky and Katie tilting their plates so the cheese could be seen.  This got them great cheers.  There was a sideboard against one wall, and the women put their plates there.  
I set my basket down and looked over at Jimmy.  He waved me over.  “Sit down.”  I looked around for a chair, but he took my hand.  “Here.”  He pointed to his lap.  I looked to see if he was serious, then pulled my skirts forward, and sat on his legs, my back straight and my feet on the floor.  That lasted about a second until he put an arm around me and pulled me up against his chest.  His other hand immediately went onto my thigh.  I heard a couple chuckles, but ignored them.
Meanwhile, Katie and Becky were taking smaller dishes and taking crackers, cheese and sausage off the big plates and putting them on the small plates.  They would do a miniature wheel and then take it to one of the men.  After they had done several, Jimmy quietly told me I should go and do one for him.  I did one and then sat back on his lap.  By now every man had some food at his side.  
I didn’t recognize most of the men in the room, but I did recognize the general.  Somehow I got the impression he was in charge of this meeting.  He certainly seemed to be giving the orders.
“Becky,” he said, “I think some brandy would go really well with this.”  Becky and Katie both got out brandy glasses from inside the sideboard, found a bottle of brandy, and poured precisely one inch of brandy in each glass.  When they started bringing them around, Jimmy told me, “I think you should bring me mine.”  So I did. I handed him his glass and then sat on his legs again.  He pulled me back against his chest, and he rested the brandy glass on my leg.
“Becky, Katie, thank you for your work.” The general now announced.  “But I think you have other things you would rather do.  So feel free to go upstairs and entertain yourselves.”  Both knew they were being ordered out of the room, but before they went, they both looked at me.  The unvoiced, but obvious question was – why does she get to stay?
“Jessica will join you in a few minutes.”  So now I knew my place.  The men sipped their brandy and ate a bit of cheese while they waited for the women to disappear upstairs.  Of course if the women really wanted to hear what was being said, all they needed to do was keep their bedroom door open.  But maybe the general was just trying to pull rank.  I felt Jimmy put the brandy snifter in my hand.  He then took his free hand and started massaging my breast.  I guess I was being told my rank too.
“We had a good weekend,” the general finally began.  “The interviews on Saturday were broadcast on most of the Wisconsin stations, and have been downloaded in Reddit and other social media.  We got the message out.”  Someone suggested a toast to that, and they all raised their glasses.  Jimmy saw one of the men had already emptied his glass, so he suggested I go get a refill for him.  So I did.  Once a bartender always a bartender.  I checked for other empty glasses and then returned to Jimmy.
“We are getting huge donations from around the country, and lots of public support,” the general continued.  “A couple things might have gone better, but we can do a full analysis later.  Right now we need to plan for next weekend.  Done right, we will be national news.  But we need to do it right.  For that to happen,” here he turned to me, “We need Jessica’s help.”
I tried to sit up straighter now that he had called on me, but Jimmy was having none of it.  He held me even tighter to his chest, and if anything, his hand on my thigh was getting higher.  He was sending a message about him and about me.  Okay, so be it.  I smiled at Jimmy and then turned to the general.
“How can I help?”
“You have been to where the loggers are cutting in the forest, have you not?”
“Yes.”  
Then another man asked, “We need intel.  How many men are out there, and what shape is that fire lane in?  Would it support a trailer?”  I tried to envision pulling a trailer down that lane.
“There are two problems with the fire lane,” I said. “It is uneven and bumpy.  You have to go slow.  It is also narrow.  The men have cut some of the brush on the sides, but there is still a lot.  If you take a truck through there, it scratches the sides.  If these are wide trailers, they might get caught in the branches.”  Jimmy insisted on sliding his hand up and down my thigh while I talked.  What the hell was he doing?
“She’s asking a good question,” another man said.  “What size trailers are we talking about?  I would think the ones people pull behind a car for summer camping would be the right size, wouldn’t they?”  This led to a lengthy discussion.  Finally someone used Google to get trailer sizes.  They then compared the width of trailers to the width of pickup trucks.  I thought that was actually pretty smart.  All this took nearly half an hour.
That problem solved, they moved on to a new one.  “If we use smaller trailers, we will need more of them.  The ones in that picture might hold four men.  But can they hold four men for four weeks before everyone goes crazy?”
“I don’t understand,” I said to Jimmy.  He whispered a response while feeling up my thigh.
“We’re going to take over that end of the forest.  We have to assume rangers and the FBI will blockade our boys.  It is too cold to pitch tents, so we will move in trailers.  Several for our men and several for the loggers.  They will have to hold out for weeks.”
“The loggers will never do that.” I said.  I was obviously too loud since the general responded.
“We have a plan to get agreement from the loggers.  Don’t worry about that.  What we need to know from you is how many are out there.”
“There are twelve most days, but sometimes there are fourteen.”
“That’s what we needed to know,” said the general, and he did sound grateful.  “Does anyone else have any questions for Jessica?”  There was silence.  “Well then, thank you Jessica.  I am sure the girls would love to talk to you some more.  Why don’t you go up and join them?”
“Jessica worked a long day,” Jimmy said.  “I am sure she is tired.”  He now turned to me.  “Why don’t you go upstairs and get ready for bed.  Then come back down and give me a good night kiss.  I think this meeting will go pretty late.”  At that point he gave me a swat on the backside and I went upstairs.
I was now pretty unhappy. Jimmy had turned me into eye candy.  Should I just leave?  No, that took me down a very dangerous path.  I would obey him.  But this was much less fun than I thought it would be.
I got undressed and took out the nighty I had packed.  It was red satin and covered less than half my thighs.  Did he really want me to come back to that room wearing that?  Yes, I thought he did.  He was showing me off, and he was showing himself off.  Look at me – look at what I can do.  Okay, I had agreed to come out here.  I had agreed to obey him.  I would go with this and see where it led.  I looked in the mirror to check my hair, then opened the bedroom door and walked straight down stairs.  The minute I hit the first stair, the room went completely silent.  Thirty eight years old, and still a looker.  Good for me.
I took the stairs slowly, smiling as I came down.  I paused at the bottom, then walked over to Jimmy’s chair, sat on his lap, wrapped both arms around his neck and gave him the kiss of a lifetime.  “Don’t keep me waiting too long, okay?”  I smiled, kissed him again, and then walked back up the stairs, knowing every eye was on my ass.  Good.  Now they could see how long it took Jimmy to follow.  I was betting I would have him up in under an hour.  It was less than forty five minutes.  He was undressed and all over me the minute he got in the room.  



Chapter 19
Moving Day

We slept late.  The bed was huge.  A king size.  The linens were smooth and soft and warm.  This was luxury.  Jimmy waited until after nine before he climbed on top of me, and when he did, he left my hands free so I could wrap them around his neck.  When he entered me he was slow and gentle.  As he moved he kissed me and told me I was beautiful.  I even felt beautiful.
The shower was a delight.  Tiled walls and floor, multiple shower heads.  We went in together.  There was plenty of room.  I washed him, and then he washed me.  He was gentle, and slow, and did it over and over.  I put my arms around his neck, put my head on his shoulder, and moaned while he washed me.  What a shower.  The hot water lasted forever.
After we had toweled off, Jimmy told me to get back into bed.  I mumbled something about going to the bar.
“You don’t need to go in today.  You have earned a day off after all the hours you put in this weekend.  So I called Morgan to fill in for you.  I’m giving her an extra fifty dollars for the day.  I have also called in a cleaning crew.  I know our men made a mess.  It is our job to clean it up.”
“You can’t just hire people.  It’s not your bar.”
“Are you going to tell the owner?”  The answer to that was so obvious I didn’t even answer.  And I really did like the idea of not having to spend another Monday cleaning toilets.  “Get back in bed.  I don’t want you out of this bed before noon.”  He finished dressing, kissed me, and left.  And I did fall back asleep.  A hot shower after all those long days and longer nights, and well, the bed was marvelous.
About noon Katie and Becky came into my room.  Katie was carrying my suitcase.  She took it to a very large dresser and began transferring underwear and nighties to the lower drawers.  Becky was carrying an armload of my dresses.  These she took to the walk-in closet adjacent to the bathroom.
“What’s going on, ladies?”
“Jimmy said you were moving in – at least for a while – so he had a guy drive us over to your trailer to get your things.” Katie said as she put the last of my things in the dresser.  “You really don’t have much, Jessica, and frankly, what you have is pretty old.”  She shut the dresser drawer as if to hide the contents.
“And what’s with all the blue dresses?” Becky asked from the closet.  “Is that all the stores up here sell?”  Becky came to the door of the closet.  “I have just put every dress you own in this closet and taken up maybe one foot of space.”  She was the taller of the two, by maybe one inch.  Her chin came to a bit of a point – a heart-shaped face – as they say, and her eyes were blue.  Katie has a rounder chin, and brown eyes, and dimples.  But there were far more similarities than differences.  Both were young, beautiful, and had long blond hair to die for.  Whatever salons they went to knew their business.  Both were wearing cotton print dresses with half sleeves.  Obviously they coordinated their wardrobes.
“You live in a trailer.” Katie said.  She and Becky both came over and sat on the edge of my bed.  I was naked under the covers, and stayed there.
“I am a high school dropout who tends bar for a living.  Very few of us live in chateaus.”
“Is it okay?”  Katie seemed really curious.
“Sure.  It has everything I need, and I like living in the woods.  My girls liked running around in the trees when they were younger.”
“You have kids?”  Katie again, still curious, but now more enthusiastic.
“I have two daughters in their early twenties.  They live in Green Bay.  One is just out of nursing school, and one is just finishing up.”
“Whoa.  Girls in their twenties and you are …” she was doing the math.
“I started in high school.”
“I wish I had,” Becky said.  “There were some decent boys in my high school.”  This launched her into a lengthy description of boys, romance, and dating, ending with “Every XY chromosome I run into now is either an ass or unemployed.”
“Really, Jessica,” Katie added.  Very serious now. “You have no idea scary it is.  You are twenty eight, pretending to be twenty six, and you wonder is there ever going to be a man?  Will I ever have children?  And every day you are older.”
“You are both really beautiful.  I am sure you will do fine.  You are with men now, right?”
Katie said, “I am with Mac.  His real name is Dan McMillan, but everyone calls him Mac, even many of his employees.  He owns about half the IGA stores in Wisconsin.  He is easy to identify.  He has gray hair and a gray mustache – trimmed neat.  He even has gray frames on his glasses and won’t change to something more modern no matter how much I suggest it.  You might have seen him last night, but you would not have heard him.  He almost never talks.  But he listens carefully, he thinks deeply, and he writes big checks to this group.  I am his administrative assistant.  He takes me with him several times a year when he “operates remotely.”  She held her fingers up in air quotes.  “Yes, he is taking me off for some fun, but he also works.  He is sitting at his computer now, and probably will be until the end of the afternoon.  But he pays me well and treats me well.  Last year he took me to Vail, and our first year out he took me to Paris.  So, until Mister Right comes along…”
Becky’s turn.  “I am engaged to the General.  His real name is Ryan Aires.  He has a construction company that does work all over the country.  I will be wife number three after wife number two agrees to the divorce settlement next month.”
“Well, thanks for sharing all that.  Now if you don’t mind, I should get dressed.”
“Please don’t wear the blue dresses.” Katie said, with Becky nodding her agreement.  “Wear the yellow one.  That will get you through the afternoon.  In the meantime, Katie and I will order you some new things.” I looked hesitant.  “Don’t worry, Mac has opened an Amazon account for me.  Now that we know your size, we will order what you need.  For instance, we dress for dinner.  Cocktail dresses most days, formals on Wednesday and Saturday.  I think they just do it because it is so boring here.  No offense.”
“And they want to look at our legs.”
“Yes, for sure.”
“Whatever you order,” I said, “remember I am thirty eight.  I cannot wear the same styles you two would.”
“Oh, don’t worry.  Twenty four hours from now, you are going to stun them.”  Katie had her phone out and was busily paging through the Amazon site.  Becky sat looking with her, the two of them laughing and talking as they picked my wardrobe.  I hoped the laugh would not be on me.
While they shopped, I got dressed (as requested, I avoided the blue dresses and went with the yellow print) and then worked on my hair and makeup.  When I was done, I came back into the bedroom.  They looked up for their shopping and said “Don’t worry we will help you with your hair later.”
“Thanks.  What about lunch?”
“We don’t do lunch, but they leave yogurt for us for breakfast.  Yours is probably still down there.”
“And my shoes?’
“They were awful.” Katie even looked a bit disgusted.  “I left them all at the trailer.  The sandals you wore yesterday should be good enough until we get some new things in.”  So I walked around in two inch heels the rest of the day.
I took the main stairway down to the first floor.  I wanted to explore the place.  I saw the house was built around this huge, two story room.  There were the eight leather chairs in the circle they had used last night, but there were groupings elsewhere in the room, the sideboard on one wall, and a large bar along another.  But there were two main features – the stone fireplace that reached all the way to the paneled ceiling, and a wall of windows overlooking the lake.
I walked to the windows.  There was a wide porch just outside, a lawn now covered in snow, and then the lake.  I would guess its size around forty acres.  Not really big by Wisconsin standards.  While I stood there I heard steps behind me.  Jimmy crossed the room and stood at my back, his arms around my waist.
“It’s a beautiful home, Jimmy.  Thanks for inviting me here.”
“It’s a waste of two by fours.” I turned my head to see if he was serious.  “The guy who built it was a very successful fishing guide.  He flew lots of the big names up to lakes in Canada.  But he always wanted his own lodge.  Lodges and lake frontage are not cheap.  Somehow he discovered this place and went for it.  He put nearly a million dollars into the house, land, and water frontage.  But people didn’t want to come here.  Yes, the lake has fish, but so does every other lake.  Why come here?  What’s special?  He never came up with anything special, so he never had more than a few lodgers.  Within three years he was out.  The place sat for years, then my friend heard about it.  He is an executive at an insurance company.  He does investments for them, and sometimes he does investments for himself.  This was one of his mistakes.  He paid three hundred grand and back taxes.  He brought the family up one summer and the kids were bored to tears.  His wife refuses to come back.  The militia is renting this place now, so at least he has some cash flow, but I bet he would be happy if it burned down.”
“I used to waitress at a place about ten miles from here called the All Seasons Club,” I said.  “It was a beautiful old hotel, right on the river with a nine hole golf course.  It would be open for a while, then close, then change hands, then be open, then close… It was beautiful, but you couldn’t pay people to go there.”
“People are damned hard to figure out.  Here, let me show you this place.”  He took my hand – something new and pleasant – and led me around the house.  There was a room they called the “library” that was mostly where the fishermen were expected to play cards in the evening, there was a big office – Jimmy’s – there was a formal dining room that looked like it could seat twenty five, and then towards the back of the house a laundry area that opened to the garage, and of course the kitchen.  We went there last.
“What do you do about food?” I asked.
“I don’t expect you to cook.  I have hired a couple to cater.  They come in about six.  They reheat the food in here, and serve when told.  Breakfast they leave some yogurt for the ladies.  They have the coffee machine on a timer so it has coffee ready when the men want.  Usually we go offsite for lunch.”
“We?”
“The men.  These are busy guys.  They have calls to make, emails to send.  There is a diner in Crivitz we use.  The cell tower is close.  Men handle whatever business they need while still in their cars, and then we have a lunch to talk through our situation.  Lunch may take until three.”
“What is it I do?”
“The cleaning went well this morning and Morgan showed up for work on time, so I hired her for the rest of the week as well.” I started to object, but he just kept talking.  “I want you to work the bar Friday.  That will be a big day for us.  You are the perfect person to have there that day.  Until then, I want you here.  The girls moved your clothes over for you, right?”
“Yes, and they are ordering more.”
“Good.  You need some nice things.  Did they tell you about Wednesday night?”
“They said we dress formally then.”
“Yes, but it is more than that.  We have some special people coming.  One couple in particular.  If they actually come, it could be a major step for us.”
“Let me ask again – what is it I do?”
“From now until this event is over, I want you to serve as our hostess – mistress of the house.  Becky and Katie did okay this weekend, but you will be better.  That’s what I want.”
“How do I do that?”
“The caterers are Mr. and Mrs. Swanson.  They are your first task.  See them at six and work out the details of the meal service.  At seven you make sure our drinks are ready, and at eight you lead us to dinner.  You have tonight and tomorrow to work out the kinks, so that by Wednesday everything flows smoothly.  This is what I want you to do – mistress of the house.  I’ll pay you of course.  What do you make at the bar?”
“Nine dollars an hour.  And tips.”
“Tips?”
“Some days five bucks, some days ten.”
“I’ll pay you a hundred fifty a day for your time here.”
I agreed.  Why?  I quickly calculated I would be making an extra two hundred bucks this week.  I could use the money, and Morgan could manage the bar an extra couple days.   And the lodge was beautiful.  When would I ever get another chance to stay someplace so nice?  But the real reason?  Jimmy.  We were standing face to face, his arms around my back, pulling my hips to his.  Not very subtle.  But I liked it.  He was being really nice to me.  Yes, he had put me on display the night before, and that was awkward and embarrassing.  But he was proud of me, and wanted to show me off.  When was the last time anyone had thought that much of me?  And I liked the looks of him.  He was wearing a good suit, a matching tie, and a confident look.  This was a new version of Jimmy.  No goons.  Four businessmen, two other women.  I would be safe here.  I would be safe with him.  All of which is a lot of explanation for my decision.  And most of it was irrelevant.  He was holding me.  He had that look on his face.  And I have hormones.  
I said “yes,” he pulled me up to him, we kissed, he held my hand and walked me back to his office, then he went in, and I went back upstairs.  
Becky and Katie were still finishing the last of the order.  How much had they spent?  I had no idea.  But they assured me it would all be here tomorrow – guaranteed.  I had my doubts, but who knew?  In the meantime, they had me sit down at a chair by the dressing table.  Yes, the room even had a dressing table with mirror.  They finished the order, put away the phone, and gathered around me.  It was time for my hair.
I last went to the salon in Wausaukee before Tiffany graduated nursing school.  I did cut and curl, no color.  It still cost more than I was prepared to pay again until Britney’s graduation.  So you can imagine some of the comments I was getting from Katie and Becky.  They did an intense examination, talking about my hair as if I was not there. This went on for a while, then out came a scissors and they got started.  At one point they took me into the bathroom and put me over the sink.  They washed my hair and used some product.  Then it was back to the chair and the scissors and some curlers.  None of this went quickly.  They used a hair dryer, a comb, a brush, and then the scissors some more.  They had the chair turned so I could not see the mirror.  I was fine with that.  They were going to do something, it could not be worse than what I had before, and none of this was costing me a dime.  Who knew – I might end up mistress of the house with nice hair.
Eventually it ended.  I could tell they were nearly done when they started using holding spray.  They each gave me a close look from multiple angles, and then they let me look.  Did I see Miss America?  No, but they had done a nice job.  My hair is mousy brown, but now it shined.  And they had parted my hair in the middle and swept curls both left and right in a way that framed my face nicely.  My forehead was not so high any more.  My hair was still slightly more than shoulder length, and it fell nicely on the sides and back.  All in all, I looked pretty good.  I smiled and they cheered.
By now it was after five.  I was beginning to think about Mr. and Mrs. Swanson.
“Do I change for dinner now, or wait until after I have spoken to Mrs. Swanson,” I asked.
“Change now,” Katie said.  “She will talk your arm off.  And thank you for taking that over.  I really didn’t think it was my job to handle the food.  Mac and I are just guests here.”
“Here is some good quality hose,” Becky handed me a pack.  “Wear these, the dress you had on last night, and your sandals.  That will be good enough for tonight.  Tomorrow you will look like a princess.”
So I changed into last night’s dress and went down to the kitchen.  I wasn’t sure what door they would use.  As it turned out, they came through the garage.  The Swansons were the kind of people you liked instantly.  I would guess they were in their early sixties, medium height and build.  They obviously ate their cooking, but they had not gone totally to fat.  As I saw them come through the back door, I hurried over.
“Hi, I’m Jessica.  Can I help you carry things in?”
“You are very pretty.” Mrs. Swanson told me as she carried a tray of food into the kitchen.  “But we tend to be more formal when we are catering, especially in a home like this.  So may I call you Mrs…”
“Thorpe.”
“Thank you for the offer, Mrs. Thorpe, but it is better if we handle all the trays since we know how they are loaded.”
“Then could I at least get the door for you?”
“That would be very helpful.”  So I stood at the door while they brought in seven or eight trays and two big cardboard boxes.  We were obviously going to eat well.
The two of them knew the kitchen well and were quickly putting various things in the refrigerator and getting out assorted pots and utensils. Once they took their coats off, I saw they were dressed as servants might have dressed a century ago.  She was wearing a long sleeved, long skirted black dress with an apron in front.  He was wearing a black suit.  I wondered if that was part of the catering package – a chance for buyers to feel like an aristocrat for an evening.
  Katie had said Mrs. Swanson was talkative, but I didn’t hear her say a word even to her husband while they set things up.  Finally, when they had two things going on the stove, she turned to me.
“This is a beautiful kitchen.  We used to cook at the All Seasons Club, and this reminds me of that.”
“I used to waitress there.”
“So you are local.  Isn’t that nice.  Mr. Hanlon said you would be mistress of the house now.”
“Yes.”
“Let’s spend a minute together.  I will show you what we have done the past weekend, and you can tell me how you want things in the future.”  She led off, black dress rustling as she walked.  She led straight to the bar in the big open room.  “This is where they start at seven.  Mr. Swanson and I make sure there is ice and mixer in the refrigerator there, and we bring out new bottles if needed.  The guests generally mix their own drinks.  We put out two small dishes of pretzels and one of peanuts.  Is that how you would like to continue?”
“I like all of that.  But when I arrived last night they were taking a snack of cheese and sausage.  Might it be possible to have a small amount set out?”
“That’s a great idea.  Two small dishes?”  I agreed.  “Should we move to the dining room next?”  I nodded and we were off.  This was a room I wanted to spend some time in.  The walls were paneled in a warm oak, and the ceiling had matching beams.  There were decorative sconces along each wall and the table was already set with candelabra.  I had never sat at a table with candelabra.
“Mr. Hanlon said we were to expect eight today – five men and three women.  It is always uncomfortable when the numbers don’t balance, but these things happen.  When we set the table we will indicate where the ladies sit by their wine glass.  The men like to drink brandy after dinner, so we set out snifters for them.  Ladies generally like a small glass of port.  We should put those about in the middle, don’t you think?  Then you can direct the ladies to those chairs when they enter.”
“Mr. Swanson will pour all the wine.  He will have a lighter white already poured for everyone when they are seated.  We will also have the salads out then, unless you would prefer to wait.”  I shook my head.  “There will be a bell at your place so you can call me if you wish, but generally I will be standing in the hall over your left shoulder.  If you just raise your hand, I will know you are ready for us to clear plates and bring out the next course.  Will that be acceptable?”  I nodded.  
“Some people eat quickly, while others prefer a more leisurely pace.  When we take the salad plates away, I will pause by you and you can tell me when you would like the next course.  Mr. Hanlon requested a simple three course meal – salad, main course, dessert.  I have typed up a description of each course, and I will set it by your place so you can describe the meal to your guests or answer any questions.  Is that acceptable?”  I nodded again.  I felt I would keep nodding.  She might be talking my arm off, but it was important to understand how the service would go.  I was grateful.
“We generally do not collect the dessert plates while people are still at the table, since we have found that people get up fairly quickly after a meal.  So we collect the plates after all have left the room.”
“I think I would like you to change that. These people seem to like to talk, so they might sit longer at the table even after the meal is done.  Having the dessert plates gone would be more pleasant I think.”
“Of course.”  And that was my basic orientation.  I left her alone after that so she could complete her tasks.  I filled the time until seven by wandering through the great room, checking to see if the bar was set up, and waiting for people to come down.  Wherever they had been all day, the men were back at the lodge by four, and went directly up to their room.  I discovered the single men came down first - about six forty five and went straight to the bar.  I joined them there.  They might have made their own drinks over the weekend.  Now they both expected me to do it.  I had served a drink last night, so now it was my job.  Fine.  I could pour two fingers of scotch in a glass.  Ice?  Water?  No.  So both would be simple.  I could do this.
Katie and Becky came down with their men last.  And they were careful to allow several minutes between each arrival so the lady coming down the stairs had the attention to herself.  And it was a bit of a show.  The guest rooms were arranged around a bit of a lobby, and the lobby overlooked the great room.  Each woman (yes, there was a man on her arm, but it was the woman getting the attention) paused on the landing, then slowly took the open staircase down to the great room.  It wasn’t quite Hollywood, but it was a show.  Both women glowed, and both, I noticed, were wearing flounced satin skirts like mine.  So we had a style for the evening.
Jimmy came to the top of the stairs a little later and motioned for me to come up.  It appeared I had made my first mistake.  “If there are guests coming to the door, do greet them.  And serve a round of drinks.  Then come up to our room, and we will go down together.  You deserve to make an entrance.”  I was pretty sure the person making the entrance was him, but still, it did feel a little grand to descend those stairs on his arm.
Once our little show was over, I went back to the bar and poured drinks (white wine for the ladies, scotch or bourbon for the men), while Jimmy “worked” the room.  He had just spent all afternoon with these four men, but each got some of his time and attention (just quick smiles for the women).  Conversations?  A little of this and a little of that.  When you get elected even to small town offices, I guess this is one of the skills you learn – and practice.
As we approached eight, Jimmy suggested I make a final check on preparations.  I broke away and did so.  Mrs. Swanson was waiting for me in the dining room.  Everything was set.  She handed me the card with the menu on it. I read it quickly, set it by my plate, and then returned to the bar area.
“Folks,” I said in a voice slightly louder than normal conversation.  “There is a very nice beef wellington waiting for us, if you are at all hungry.”  Jimmy then took my arm, and we led the group to the dining room.  I told Katie and Becky which seats had been set for them, and everyone else seemed to find a place easily.
There’s not much more I can say about that meal.  People talked, we ate, we drank good wine, I moved the courses along at a leisurely pace.  And I enjoyed myself.  Candelabra.  A candle lit meal.  Good food. Very nice wines.  I found myself smiling a great deal.  I was sitting at one end of the table, my back to the door.  Jimmy was at the far end – the head of the table.  At one point I looked down the room and saw Jimmy smiling at me.  I was pretty, I knew.  The girls had done a nice job with my hair.  And everyone looks better in candlelight.  But as we looked at each other, I wondered if I was in the midst of a job interview.  If he was going to be the king of Waukesha, sitting at this end of the table and interacting both with guests and Mrs. Swanson, did I look like a potential queen of Waukesha?  I smiled at him and then went back to talking to somebody about something.
How did the meal end?  We sat and talked for a long time after the dishes were cleared away, until finally one of the men suggested they take a bottle of brandy into the library and play some cards.  We got up, the men went across the hallway to the library, Becky and Katie went upstairs to their rooms, and I walked down to the kitchen to thank the Swansons.  They were already boxing some things up.  They said they would restock the bar refrigerator, set up the coffee maker and leave some yogurt for breakfast, and then leave.
I went into the library, asked if anyone wanted anything while the Swansons were still here, and hearing no requests, gave Jimmy a big kiss, got a pat on the backside, and went up to bed.  I was a very happy woman.


Chapter 20
We Play Barbies

Jimmy let me sleep when he came to bed.  That was a little disappointing, but he made up for it in the morning.  And we were discovering just how much we loved the shower after.  Jimmy was very pleased with my first hostessing job, and I was very pleased that he was pleased.  He had no additional suggestions for this evening.  We dressed as we talked, but I purposely went slowly so I was still standing in my slip when he was done.  He did some serious grabassing, then kissed me and went off to do whatever he did all day.  He was smiling as he went out the door.  So was I.  Finally I made the bed, put on a dress – yes, a blue one – and went down stairs.
What to do now?  I did a bit of hostessing, checking to see if the Swansons had restocked the bar, and then I checked the dining room and kitchen.  Everything was as it should be.  It was a little after nine.  I had the whole day ahead of me.  Maybe I could drive to Iron Mountain and check out a few stores.  I looked out the window to see what the weather looked like, and I discovered someone had parked behind me.  The parking area was very tight, and I was parked in. 
What to do?  I went to the kitchen and ate my breakfast yogurt.  That took no time at all.  I thought of the library next.  It was really just a room for playing cards, but it did have a few books.  I browsed.  The books were all about fishing or about war.  They were men’s books.  I took one down and read a few pages, but I just didn’t like it.  I put it back, tried a few more, put them back, and finally returned to the great room.  I selected a leather chair, pulled my feet up under me, and stared out the window.  Not really much to see there. White lawn leading to white lake surrounded by bare trees.  Hopefully it was more attractive in the summer.
Katie came down and took the chair next to me.  “Not much to see, is there?”  I shook my head.  “When he took me to Vail and Paris, when he was off doing whatever he did to make money, I would just go shopping.  I would walk the streets, look in windows, stop for coffee… There were things to do.  Those were nice trips.  What do people do here?”
“Mostly they work.”
“And after work?”
“Mostly they drink.”
“Hmm. What do you think?” and she is looking over at the bar.
“Katie, it’s ten thirty in the morning!”
“I’ll do a vodka shot if you will.”  And she was up and running across the room.  I followed, much more slowly.  “Look here.” She had opened the freezer compartment of the bar refrigerator. “They have a bottle in here.  It’s perfect.”  She took the bottle out and set it on the bar.  She was back with two tall, narrow glasses in an instant.  I just watched.  I was in fact tempted.  She poured each glass about half full. “That should be about a shot.”
“It’s at least two.”
“Are you sure?”
“I’m a bartender.  I’m sure.”
“Well, I’m bored.  We are on vacation, we should have some fun.” She took a sip of her glass, and I took a sip of mine.  In truth, I drink very little, and then mostly beer.  I had never had frozen vodka before.  It was not bad.
At this point Becky joined us.  “I thought I smelled vodka.”  Katie got a glass for her and poured her drink.
“To the three Amigos.”  Katie raised her glass.  I sipped some more, but Katie and Becky tossed back quite a bit.  This started a giggle-fest that reminded me of a sleepover, only for older girls.  Katie drove the conversation.  She started with our first kiss, then the first face we had slapped (that got us going), the first man we had seduced (they liked my story about Jack), and then we moved on to best and worst vacations.  
We were deep into the second hour of stories, giggles, and vodka, when the doorbell rang.  It was the delivery man.  He was a young guy, maybe twenty, and he looked a little embarrassed standing there with an armload of dress bags.  We took those from him and he came back with two more, then started bringing cardboard boxes of various sizes.  It took him six trips to the truck.  
When he brought the last box, he said, “That’s the last one.” And he stood there, hoping for a tip.
Katie held up a hand for him to wait.  “We’re just girls, so we don’t have any money for a tip, but I think I have something you will like.”  Then she runs off and comes back with a bottle of vodka.  She hands it to him, then wraps an arm around his neck and kisses him.  Becky and I are laughing so hard we can’t breathe.  She finishes the kiss and says, “You can put your hand on my ass if you like.”  He does, and she kisses him again, so long I am waiting for him to melt.  Then she says, “Thank you,” puts a hand on his chest to push him and his bottle back outside, and closes the door.   We’re all laughing so hard we can’t move for five minutes.
“That’s how it should always go with an XY,” Katie finally says when we can breathe again.  “You see a cute guy, you kiss him, he puts his hand on your ass, you kiss him again, and then you either keep him or throw him back.  That’s life in a perfect world.”
Becky and I agreed and started carrying bags and boxes up to my room.  It took us three trips.  Katie got a fingernail file and slit open the boxes.  The two biggest boxes were filled with shoe boxes.  There were twelve of them.  We opened all and looked at each.  Katie and Becky decided they were all “cute.”  I thought they were basically all the same.  They had different colors, but the basic design was open toes, lots of thin shiny straps, and stiletto heels of two, three, and four inches.  Mostly four.  We lined them up in a row in the closet, then went back to the other boxes.
The other boxes were underwear and nightgowns.  Everything was silk or satin and either white or black.  The bras were all pushups, so I guessed they had picked strapless gowns.  In the bottom of one box was a white corset.  I held it up.  “Really?”
Apparently this was Becky’s idea.  “I never hurts to take an inch off your waist.  Also, I like mine for back support.  Girls are supposed to sit so straight and proper.  If I know I am going to have a long evening, I just put one on, lean into it, and let it carry the load.  Also.  If you are worried about keeping the attention of an XY, ask him to help pull it tight.  They damn near wet themselves.”  Katie was of course laughing through this whole explanation.
“Open the last box,” she said.  It turned out to be a dozen packages of panty hose.  I took one pack out.  It had the words “silk” and “comfort” under the brand.  I was pretty sure at least one of those words was a lie.  “Wear those from now on.  Trust me.  If you are wearing those and a man puts his hand on your leg, his hand will be there all night.”
“This is a good thing?” I asked.
“Ask Mac,” she answered as Becky laughed.  “Now put on some good underwear, the pantyhose, and start trying on dresses.”
And that’s what I did for the next two hours.  There were twelve cocktail dresses, five day dresses, and three formal gowns.  The cocktail dresses were all standard issue – short and shiny.  None of them came within three inches of my knees.  They varied in colors and they alternated between skirts that were so tight I could barely move, to skirts that spread out from my hips and swayed with every move I made.  The girls had me walk multiple times across the room.  They liked the way the skirts moved, and had suggestions for how I could move them more.  As for the tops, I was right about strapless.  A couple had spaghetti straps, but with all of them the theme seemed to be the same – lots of cleavage.
“I think these are too young for me,” I said as I walked the room for the tenth time.
“Jimmy won’t think so.  He will have his hands all over you.  Remember your story about Rick.” Katie said.  “You’ve got the dress, make your move.”
Next we tried the formals, but they were basically cocktail dresses with long skirts.  The theme up top was the same – my nipples were covered, but not much north of that.  But the girls still had me walk back and forth and try different shoes, generally deciding that the higher – and less comfortable – heels were the ones to go with.
I was trying another walk with another pair of shoes when I stopped.  “You two know what we are doing?”  I asked.  “We are playing dress up Barbie.  Really.  Dress up Barbie.”  They both laughed.
“There is a difference,” Katie added more seriously.  “Barbie doesn’t have to worry about Ken coming home at night.  Or Ken taking a different administrative assistant to Paris next year.”  That darkened the mood plenty.  It was mid-afternoon by now.  I told them I needed some time to put things away, and I was fairly sure they needed time to maybe nap and then change for dinner.  It had been fun, but the Barbies needed time to prepare themselves for the Kens.
It took me half an hour to fold everything that needed to go into drawers.  There was so much.  The bill must have been in the thousands.  That done, I gave myself an hour to rest on that big bed, then got up, did my hair and makeup, and stood looking at the cocktail dresses.  Finally I picked a bright red dress with free flowing skirts.  It shined, my legs shined, my breasts bulged, my shoes had four inch heels.  Watch out Jimmy.
When it was time for me to go down, the stairs scared me, but I managed to get down without twisting an ankle or falling on my ass.  The Swansons were already in the kitchen moving things off trays and out of boxes.  I stood by the door and waited.  Mrs. Swanson finally looked up and saw me.
“My, my you look lovely.  Mr. Hanlon must be a very happy man.  And you look like a very happy woman.”  She finished what she was doing, and then we took our usual walk to check on the bar and then on the dining table.  “I understand we have the same guests this evening.  Should we put them in the same seats?”
“Yes.  Last night was perfect.  Let’s hope we can repeat it.”
“I am sure you will.”  Mrs. Swanson gave me a big smile.  I had the feeling she wanted to hug me.  I was grateful for the support.  She said she would have the menu card for me in a few minutes.  I didn’t want to wait around and be in the way.  I went to my place by the bar.  I moved glasses to one place or another, really just killing time.  Finally the men came down, and I served drinks.  When the last couple had come down and had drinks in their hands, I went back up to my room. 
Jimmy was standing by a mirror, playing with his tie.  No doubt killing time.  He saw me, smiled, and then had me turn in place for him.  I did it twice, the second time fast enough for my skirt to flow out and up.  He got the idea.  We stood with our arms around each other, mine around his neck, his around my ass.
“You changed your hair yesterday.  I didn’t have time to tell you how nice it looks.  And this dress?  You look like a lady who belongs in a home like this.”
“Thank you.”  What else could I say?  With four inch heels, my face was even with his.  I kissed him.  He held me.  I was perfectly happy to be right where I was.  But he was the host, and I was the hostess, so we finally went down to our guests.  I don’t know if I was glowing as I came down the stairs, but I was certainly warm.
I did another round of drinks, Jimmy did another round of conversations as he worked the room.  There were smiles for me, descriptions of various events for Jimmy, and everyone was happy.
At eight Jimmy and I led the group to the food.  I loved the candles, enjoyed the food, had a second glass of wine, and the meal went well.  Every time I looked down the table, Jimmy was looking at me with a smile.  If this was a job interview, I think I was doing fine.
About nine thirty one of the men made the usual suggestion of playing cards in the library, but this night Katie was having none of it.
“While two of you men start with cards, I think there are three men who should dance with the beautiful women they brought here.” She was looking directly at Mac when she said that, and the man who normally says nothing said “Yes, let’s do that.”
So the group split, the single men to the library, and the couples to the great room.  Katie went to a sound system on the side board.  It was a CD system and she must have made the CD herself, since it seemed to be a collection of love songs, all slow, all what we used to call “belly rubbing music.”  And that’s what we did.  We ladies put our arms around our men’s necks, the men had their hands about where you would expect, and we slow danced.  Katie had this go on for six songs, then she turned off the sound system.
“Now you guys can go play cards, but I want you to remember what you have waiting for you upstairs.”  There were some kisses, and then the men went down the hall and the ladies went up the stairs.  We stood and talked in the hallway for a bit, giggling over nothing, then we went to our rooms to change.  I had lots of new nighties to pick through.  I picked white for the night and slid into bed.  Jimmy was up practically the instant I had the light off.  Thank you Amazon.



Chapter 21
The Brokers Arrive

I thought Jimmy might want me again in the morning, but his mind was elsewhere.  I got a kiss, then he was off to the shower – alone.  I lay in bed thinking he’d come back for me, but he didn’t.  He got dressed, went down to his office, and then came back and handed me a manila file folder.
“This couple has agreed to dine with us tonight.  They called yesterday to confirm.  Two other militia couples will be joining us for dinner so they can be part of this conversation.  Expect fourteen for dinner.  Six will be women.  The Wilsons will not be spending the night.  They will arrive about six, stay through dinner, and leave about nine or so to get to their next stop.  Mrs. Wilson will want to talk with you, and Mr. Wilson will want to talk with me.  We will be alone with them from six until seven or so.  Then we will introduce them to the others.  Do you understand?”
“I think I get it.  These are important people.”
“Read the articles in that folder and you will see how important.  You have been a great hostess so far.  Tonight is your night to be perfect.”
“Sure.  I’ll read all this.  In the meantime, there is a Toyota truck parked behind my truck.  Could you have the owner move it?  I want to go into town for a little while today.”
“Go tomorrow.  Today you have lots to do.  Read every article three times.  Make sure you are especially knowledgeable about Mrs. Wilson.  I have a cleaning crew coming at noon.  Watch them to make sure they do a good job.  Then spend some time on yourself.  Remember tonight is a formal night.  Look as good tonight as you did last night, and I will be very happy.”  At this point he gives me a peck on the cheek and is gone.  Who the hell are these people to make him so jumpy?
I fluffed up my pillows, resettled the comforter, and opened the file.  Instantly twenty or thirty articles fell out at me.  I gather them up and realize some of them go back twenty years.  Where do you even get such a collection?  Did Jimmy put this all together?  Did he hire someone?  How long has he been collecting this stuff?
I rolled over on my side and began laying out the articles.  First, I split them.  One pile for him, and one pile for her.  The piles are pretty equal.  Odd.  Then I put the ones for her in order of time.  I was wrong about how old these articles are – her first article comes from 1980.  Apparently she was already a big shot a million years ago.  What did she do?  She got elected to stuff.  And she sat on boards.  It appeared from the mid-seventies on, if it happened in Madison, she was in on it.  Then, just after the turn of the century, she stopped being elected to stuff, but she was still on this committee and that board. The articles were all complimentary, practically fawning, so I got the impression it was good to be nice to her.  Her age was never listed, but just based on activities I would guess she was early sixties.  But there were recent articles that showed she was still “supporting” this and that.  So, old but still active.
I would need to reread all those articles, but I thought it would be useful to check on hubby.  What did they say about him?  Essentially the same stuff.  If you substituted “Mr.” for “Mrs.” and vice versa, ninety percent of the articles would be unchanged.  He had been elected this and that, he consulted on this and that, he sat on this and that committee and board.  Another busy guy with his fingers in every pie being baked in Madison.  Good for him.
So why is my man Jimmy so nervous?  He struck out as country supervisor and struck out again as town chairman.  He was back at the plate.  Will these two help?  Tonight might be his final job interview.  Zeke had been right.  Jimmy was trying again.  
Only how does all this work?  Jimmy is trying to get two legitimate power brokers to meet with some phony militia officers.  How does that pairing work?  Could it?  It must not be impossible or the Wilsons would not be stopping by for dinner.  It seems odd.  But let’s face it, all I know about politics is every drunk in my bar knows more than anyone ever elected to anything.  Anyway, my job isn’t to figure out all the angles here, my job is to memorize information about Mrs. Wilson, and smile pretty when she arrives.  That I can do.
I got up, showered, did my hair, and then dressed.  I hadn’t really looked at any of the new day dresses.  But I didn’t need to.  They were all cotton, very colorful prints, and much shorter than I would have selected on my own.  I picked one at random, put on two inch heels, and went down stairs for yogurt and coffee, my homework folder under my arm.
I chose to eat in the kitchen.  There was a large old wooden table.  I pulled a chair to it, set down my coffee and yogurt, and spread out my Mrs. Wilson articles.  I thought I would be bored, but I wasn’t.  She was actually an interesting lady.  My second time through the articles I tried to come up with a list of her interests.  Those might make conversation starters for me.  But the interests were hard to pin down.  She was on boards that sounded environmental, but there were some comments about waste water that didn’t seem to fit.  She had supported some early education efforts, but I didn’t see her name on any of those during the last decade.  She seemed to not like drunk drivers (who does), but Mothers Against Drunk Drivers seemed unhappy with one of her efforts.  In short, who was this lady?
About this time the cleaners arrived.  There were three of them, and I knew all three from the bar.  Based on what I had seen at the bar, I had no great expectations for what they would do here.  Unfortunately, I was right.  They instantly decided I was just a friend, not an employer, so they just stood and talked to me for the first half hour.  Finally I had to move them along.
“Guys, this house needs cleaning.  I need one of you to do all the bathrooms– there are eight.  I need another person to do all the floors, and the third person needs to dust every surface in the house.  The guy who is paying you is out of the house, but I will be calling him every fifteen minutes with an update, complete with pictures.  Now are you ready to work, or will you be going home?”  To make myself clear, I got out my phone and took a picture of them standing there.  I have never used a phone as a weapon before, but it turns out to be a pretty good one.  Suddenly all three got busy.
I went upstairs to tell Becky and Katie about the cleaners.  They both came out of their rooms and started watching the cleaning.  Pretty soon it was one of us to one of them, and the cleaning quality and speed improved dramatically.  I was most concerned about the floors since we had been tracking in lots of snow, so I stayed with that guy.  I got him to empty his bucket every time the water got gray, and while he had long since stopped smiling at his bar “friend,” he did a fairly decent job with some very dirty floors.
By three they were done and gone and the house looked pretty good.  I thought it would be a good time to rest before changing, but Katie and Becky had other ideas.  They had done my hair and my clothes, now it was time for my makeup.  Or as Katie put it, “We can do better eye brows.”  So once again, I sat in the chair by the dressing table, and the two of them worked on me.  I felt like the younger sister being made ready for the prom.  But, as important as this was for Jimmy, who was I to turn down the help?
Forty five minutes later I was running out of patience, but when they were done I saw good color on my face, and a healthy glow.  My eyebrows had a nice arch, my eyes looked bigger, and my mouth looked kissable.  I thanked them and sent them away.  I needed to dress and I needed to read.
I had never gone to prom, so I was actually excited about this formal.  And I had three gowns to pick from.  I took a long time looking.  Finally I went with a red satin gown that had half sleeves off the shoulder.  I found half slips to go under it to fill the skirt out a bit, and I went with a pair of red four inch heels – in for a dime, in for a dollar. I checked the mirror, saw everything was where it was supposed to be, picked up my homework folder again, and headed down stairs to await our guests.  I had one hand on my skirts while the other had a death grip on the railing, but I made it downstairs undamaged.  It was closing in on five.
I found a leather chair near the windows and read the articles one more time.  I tried to think of clever comments I might make, even compliments I could shower her with.  Nothing came to mind. Maybe it would be better if I just shut my mouth.
Jimmy came in from the garage around five thirty and shot straight up stairs.  He changed into his tux and was back down within fifteen minutes.  Men.  I straightened his tie, told him to comb his hair again, and we walked to the front entry way to await the Wilsons.  He told me I looked good, but I knew he hadn’t actually looked at me.  The only thing on his mind would be the couple driving around the lake any time now.
They arrived about six ten.   Jimmy hadn’t quite gone out of his mind yet, but he was close.  I held his hand while we waited, and it was not the hand of a calm man.  But at six ten the sun burst forth, the birds sang, and all was right with the world.  The Wilsons arrived.  I was surprised by them.  The articles had not mentioned how tall they were.  He had to go six five, and I bet she was five eleven.  Easily the tallest woman I have ever met.  They were both remarkably thin for people their age.  Jimmy opened the door, and we both stepped out onto the porch to greet them.  There was the usual “Nice to see you, thanks for coming, how was the trip, oh what a beautiful house, etc.”  We hugged and backed into the house, still working our way through the usual greetings.  I took her coat and Jimmy took his, and we hung them in an adjacent room.  Then it was into the house for a look at the great room and the usual comments about the fireplace and windows.  This went on for as long as such things normally do, then Mr. Wilson took charge.
“I have been looking forward to a conversation with you, Jimmy.  I wonder if we might have a quiet place to talk, and leave the ladies to enjoy this fabulous room.”
“I would appreciate having some of your time.  Let me show you to my office.”  And with that, the two men were gone.  I pointed to a leather love seat and invited Mrs. Wilson to join me there.  So.  There we were.  Ready to begin whatever this was.
“I think we might be comfortable there, don’t you think?”  I asked.  She and I parked our butts in opposite ends of the love seat, then turned toward each other so our knees were nearly touching.  I had my hands in my lap, my back straight, and I hadn’t said anything stupid yet.  So far, so good.
“This is such a lovely place.  Have you lived here long?” she asked.  I assumed she knew the answer, but I went along.
“This is my third day here.  Jimmy is a recent friend.”
“Well, you are a lovely young woman.  I can see why he would be attracted.  How did you meet?”
“When I am not temporary queen of this palace, I am a bartender in Amberg.  Jimmy came in and soon so did many of his other friends.”
“’His other friends.’  I like that.  We are very interested in his ‘other friends.’  But you are interesting too.  You did a very nice job with the interview last Saturday.  I am sure you have been told.  And you looked very good at his side.”
”Thank you.  Is that what you came to talk about?”
“Jimmy asked us for some advice.  So we are here.  But I have to say, lots of people ask our advice, but we do not always have time to give it.  What happened Saturday, though, that was interesting.  You may have done some good, or you may have done a great deal of harm.  We don’t know yet.”
“I am assuming the advice involves Jimmy’s political future.”
“Yes.”
“And you and I are talking so you can determine what role I might or might not have in that future."
“Yes again.  And thank you for being direct.  Usually only grade school children and people in nursing homes make direct statements.”
“Then let me continue.  You know I am a bartender.  I live in a trailer.  I have been divorced two times.  I have two daughters, the first born while I was still in high school.  Both girls have done well for themselves.  One is a nurse and the other soon will be.  I have no DUIs or other arrests on my record and no naked pictures circling the Internet.  That’s me.”
“No, I think you are leaving out two important things.”  She paused at this point.  “First, when you describe your life I sense neither rancor nor whining.  It is your life, you have lived it, and you own it.  There is much to be said for that.  Second, you really were good on TV.  If anything you were better than Jimmy, and he has been at this much longer.”
“Thank you.”  And I really was grateful.  We sat quietly for a moment before going on.  It was Mrs. Wilson who broke the silence.
“You will find I like to make lists.  I think it helps me stay on track.  So here is my list of three.  I have no idea if Jimmy has a future in politics.  Much of that will probably be determined over the next several weeks as this logging business is sorted out.  My husband is probably explaining that to him now.  But if Jimmy is to move for an office, and if you are to be part of that, you should consider these three items and decide if you really want to be part of this world.”
“First, you will have to marry.  Jimmy’s wife left him after his county supervisor problems.  He has had two other women who have spent time with him, but the last left when he lost the town chairmanship.  As his wife, you would have a kind of protected status.  Fewer attacks.  Maybe even an occasional kind word from the usual sources.  As a girlfriend, you are just one more girl on the list and will be treated as such by all.  You don’t want that.”
“Second, political wives need to study their husbands.  Every statement he makes, every policy position he takes, you will be expected to know and agree with.  The best wives ask their husbands to email their press releases to them as they go out.  Once you find out what he is saying, you need to understand it, agree with it, and be able to summarize it in two sentences.  No one listens to a woman for more than two sentences, so that is your limit.”
“Third, you need to look at your husband.  Let me paint you a picture.  He is holding your hand and he leads you out onto a stage.  Maybe he is giving a speech, maybe he has just been nominated, maybe he has been elected.  You are out there with him.  You might want to look around the room, wave to old friends.  Maybe you just want to look around this huge old room to see how it was built or to enjoy the decorations.  But you can only look at one thing – your husband.  And when you look, the expression on your face must say that you are proud, enthusiastic, awestruck by his brilliance, and grateful for his touch.  So when people look at you, they follow your eyes and move on to him.  You are like a bank shot in pool.  They start with you, and bang, they are looking at him.  I have seen women divorce their husbands because they are just sick and tired of looking at the man.”
“Thank you.”  I found myself chuckling.  “I like your list.  It is short, practical, and I bet it took a long time to fully gather that insight.  Now tell me, she really dumped the guy to get out of looking at him?”  She nodded her head, and we were both laughing so hard we struggled for breath.  “Wouldn’t you like to see the divorce court records on one of those?”  And we were both laughing again.
Maybe it was our laughter that drew them, but I could hear the other guests gathered on the landing upstairs.  It must have been seven.  They were due their drinks.
“Could I introduce you to the other people who will be with us tonight?” I asked.
“With pleasure.”  We got up, but before we took a step she hugged me and said, “You will do just fine.”
By now, all the people who had been upstairs were gathered around the bar.  I walked over with Mrs. Wilson and started to introduce her, but it turned out she already knew most of the men.  It was funny to see her with these folks.  For one thing, with her heels, she was just as tall as the men.  For another, she shook hands as vigorously as they did.  There were no hugs.  She was just starting to talk about some food processing legislation with Mac (he was the IGA guy), when I saw we had people at the front door.
I hurried over.  It was the two militia couples Jimmy had told me were coming, but had neglected to name.  I let them in, did the usual welcomes, introduced myself, and took coats.  The women introduced themselves by their first names – Elaine and Nancy.  They were about my age, had nice hair, and were wearing the standard formal gown – shiny and low cut.  The men gave me full names – and ranks.  It turned out both Todd Something and John So and So were majors.  I would guess they were about the same age as their wives, but they were much bigger.  They were both over six feet, and they filled out their tux.  I could imagine at some point this evening they would find a chance to tell the other guys how often they could bench press some weight.  They both seemed to find my chest fascinating.
I led them over to the bar area thinking I would do some introductions, but they already seemed to know everyone.  The men went to get drinks and talk with the men, the women stood with me and told me how nice the lodge was.  I handed each a glass of white wine, and we were settled.  Meanwhile, Katie and Becky drifted over to join us.  So it was girls at one end of the room, boys at the other, except for Mrs. Wilson who worked that part of the room as well as Jimmy ever did.  Here in the girl end, the talk was about jobs – all the women worked – and then about farmers’ markets in various towns.  Somewhere in there Katie came around behind me and pulled my sleeves down about two inches, which lowered the dress another two inches across my chest.
“It says off-shoulder for a reason.” She said quietly.
“Are you sure?”
“When Jimmy comes out that door, this is how you want to look.”  I had been looking toward his office door.  It was already seven thirty.  It didn’t surprise me that he would want more time with Mr. Wilson, but he had guests out here too.  Meanwhile, we all waited.  I wasn’t sure what to say about farmers’ markets – Amberg didn’t have one, but I listened politely while monitoring the far hallway.
It was almost eight when Jimmy and Mr. Wilson came out to the great room.  I walked over quickly, prepared to be at Jimmy’s side as he worked the room, but he asked me to tell the Swansons dinner would be a little late.  
So, obeying my orders, I walked back to the kitchen.  The Swansons had obviously finished everything.  They were standing at the kitchen doorway watching for us.
“I’m sorry,” I said, as I walked to them.  “Mr. Hanlon asks that we hold dinner a bit.  Is that a problem?”
“No,” Mrs. Swanson answered.  “As groups get larger, everything goes more slowly.  We assumed dinner would be at least fifteen minutes late.  By the way, you look especially beautiful this evening.”
“Thank you.”
“Shall we look at the dining room to see if it is arranged as you would prefer?”  I nodded and we went into that room.  I saw immediately they had extended the table.  And they had added an extra candelabra.  I liked that.
“Mr. Hanlon asked that his special guests be seated at his end of the table.  I have placed a brandy glass with the seat to his right, and a port glass with the seat to his left.  Is that acceptable?”  
“Yes, I think he will like that.”
“That leaves four other ladies.  It is so much nicer when there are an equal number of ladies and gentlemen, but tell me if this will be acceptable.  We have two new couples tonight.  I suggest they sit by you, with the men next to you and the ladies in the next seats.  Then two single men, followed by the two couples who have been dining with us the last several days.  Will that work for you?”  I saw where she had placed the port glasses and could envision the seating.  I would much rather have Becky and Katie at my end, but as a good hostess…
“This will do fine.  Thank you for taking the time to work this all out.”  I looked down at my place and saw the menu card.  We were having medallions of pork served on a… well, after that it got complicated and included some things I had never heard of, but I assumed it would be fine.  
I thanked Mrs. Swanson again and then returned to the great room.  Jimmy stood with Mr. Wilson on one side and Mrs. Wilson on the other.  I wasn’t sure what they were talking about, but it held the rapt attention of all in the room.  I assumed Jimmy was having a good time.  I stood at the edge of the room and practiced looking at Jimmy.  Could I keep my attention on him?  It was actually harder than it sounded.  I tried it for a few minutes, then walked up behind Jimmy and put my hand in his.  He made room for me at his side.
“I assume,” he said, “this beautiful lady is here to tell me we should go in to dinner.  Shall we?”  We led the way to the dining room.  He directed the Wilsons to the seats next to his, while I directed the two new couples to my end and showed Becky and Katie where to sit.  The four men sorted themselves out.
What can I say about the dinner?  Mr. and Mrs. Swanson did a fine job.  When I lifted my left hand the Swansons took away the salad plates and all empty white wine glasses.  They filled the red wine glasses and then brought the main course.  I lifted my hand again and the main dishes went away, and out came a very creamy dessert and the brandy and port.  The Wilsons ate a little of everything and sipped a bit of each drink.  I could see why they stayed so thin.
So that part of the meal went fine.  Unfortunately, people don’t just eat at a meal, they talk.  At my end of the table Elaine and Nancy wanted to compliment the room and the meal and were being very nice, but as they turned to me, so did their husbands, and neither of them was looking at my face.  As a distraction, I asked each couple how they had met.  Todd decided he would tell their story.
“We met in accounting class.  I hated that class.  But Elaine helped me with my homework – and in fact did most of it.  I was so grateful I married her.  I majored in logistics, thank God.  That got me a job with a trucking company – one of the few industries not ruled by affirmative action.”  John then spoke up for his side of the table.  I think he was trying to outdo Todd for crudeness but I didn’t listen enough to be sure.  I smiled and nodded and ignored him.
Down at the far end of the table was the real action.  The general was explaining the militia to the Wilsons.  He had gone through a very long history and was finally winding that up when I heard Mrs. Wilson ask him why he had started the group in the first place.  Here’s where it got bad.
“I always assumed there would come a time when we would have to face the UN troops.  The one-worlders would see to that.  But I really started moving when the World Trade Organization was formed.  I saw this was how they were going to take and distribute all our goods.  It was global communism all the way.  And of course the Jews would be running it all.”  At this point I saw Becky put a hand on his forearm.  All she did was touch him, and suddenly he did a complete pivot.  “But enough about our organization.  Maybe you can tell us what kind of legislation we should expect out of Madison this year.”
Thank God for Becky.  From this point on the Wilsons traded off explaining one likely action after another.  The main dishes were cleared away, the desserts came out, the brandy and port were served, and still they talked.  And everyone at the table listened, which is to say, they shut up the rest of the room – thank God.
Then, in a really smooth move, they thanked us for the meal, apologized for having to leave, and stood.  The meal was over.  Jimmy and I got up with them and walked them to the front of the house.  I got their coats, and we stepped out onto the front porch as they walked to their car, turned around in our drive and drove away.  We waved, they waved, and it was over.
“I liked them.” I said as we stepped back into the house.  Jimmy said nothing.
Inside, the rest of the group had gotten up from the table and come out to the bar.  They stood drinking and talking, but standing in heels is no great joy, so in a short time Elaine and Nancy led their husbands over to Jimmy and me and said their good byes.  I found their coats, and they were soon out the door.  Once again we stood on the porch and waved good bye.  
Once inside again, we saw Katie leading Mac upstairs.  A few minutes later Becky and the General followed, and that seemed to mark the end of the evening.  Jimmy and I said good night to the last few as they climbed the stairs.  We stood at the bottom of the stairs for a while, not saying a word, and then finally Jimmy took my hand and we went upstairs as well.
Up in our room I untied Jimmy’s tie and undid the top two buttons on his shirt.  “You were in with Mr. Wilson for a long time.”  I was headed for button number three when he reached up and started undoing the buttons on his own.
“It takes a long time to say that many maybes, could bes, possiblies, mights and we’ll have to sees.”
I turned my back to him and asked, “Do you mind helping with this zipper?”  I had been married twice and knew if you asked a man to unzip your dress, good things always followed.  Not tonight.  He did my zipper and went back to his own shirt buttons.  I turned and slowly pulled my sleeves down.  I was within two feet of him, ever so slowly getting undressed.  It occurred to me I was doing a strip tease.  But so far there was no tease.
No dress ever came off as slowly as that one did, but he just took off his shirt and then his pants, which he carefully folded.  I hung my dress up, and then thought of many reasons why I needed to be at one end of the room and then the other, all while wearing only a bra and half slips.  I even kept my heels on, although they were killing me.
Jimmy finished getting undressed and got into bed.  I walked over to my dresser and continued to strip in slow motion.  No one ever folded slips so carefully or took off a bra with such care.  Then I stood naked and opened the drawer with my nighties.  Which one should I wear?  I picked up two, held them up, looked carefully at them.  I could see in the mirror Jimmy was watching me.  I held one against me, then the other.  Finally I slowly folded one and put it away.  I kept the red silk one and slowly pulled it over my head. The top barely covered my nipples and the bottom didn’t cover much of anything.  I started turning off lights and then slid into bed.
Jimmy was on me instantly, but this was the old Jimmy.  He pinned my arms, held me down with his belly, put his mouth on mine, and entered me fast.  He held me tighter than he ever had before.  I couldn’t move and could barely breathe.  He was doing to me what he wanted to do, how he wanted to do it, and when he wanted to do it.  He had complete control over me.  And I guess that was the point.  In a world where all he got for his hopes was “maybe,” I was a sure thing.  He had me. And he took me.
When he was done with me, he turned me on my side, slid tight up behind me, with one arm under my head and then across my chest, the other arm tight across my belly.  His arms got tighter and tighter, and that’s how we spent the night.

Chapter 22
Back to the Woods

Jimmy was somewhat better in the morning.  I got a kiss and the feel of his hand on my breast.  Then he was off to the shower – alone again.  He got dressed and was heading for the door when I stopped him.
“Jimmy, I need to go into town today.”
“I need you here.”
“I won’t be gone long, but I need to get to the bar and put in the order for this weekend.  Morgan can’t do that, so either I do it or there is nothing for your guys to drink this weekend.”
“Okay.”
“There’s a Toyota truck blocking me in.”
“I’ll have him move it.”
And that was it.  I was free again.  I showered, did my hair, put on a little makeup, and picked through the new day dresses.  I found one with half sleeves and a full skirt that still didn’t approach my knees, but it was the best of the lot.  I took the time to eat my yogurt, but then I was out the door.  Even my sad old Dodge looked good to me.  I had been trapped in that house too long.
Where to go?  I needed to go to the bar, but first I wanted to see how Chuck was doing.  Was he still there?  Would he be involved in this new effort on Saturday?  It took some driving to get to the forest from the lake house, but I got there.  I found much had changed since my last visit.  I put my truck in the usual spot and sat in the truck while Chuck worked.  He had cut much more of the pine and was having to pull logs from farther away.  At the moment he had a cable around one log and a power winch was pulling it down a slight slope over to his flatbed.  When he had it up to the truck, he turned the power off and waved me over.
“Hi, pretty lady.  Every time I see you, you have shorter skirts.”
“And every time I have colder legs.”  He pointed to the log we had sat on in past visits.  Once I sat down he took his coat off and put it over my legs.  He really is a good man.  He sat down close to me, took his gloves off, and wrapped an arm around me.
“I hear you are moving up in the world.”
“You have to love a small town.” I leaned in to him.  “I don’t know what they are saying, but Jimmy just asked me to help around that lake house for a while.”
“I’m glad you are there.  You deserve something nice.”
“Thanks.”  I put my arms around his waist.  “How are you doing out here?”
“Not so good.  Billy’s mother made him quit.  She was afraid he might get arrested.  I still have Stevie, but he’s not the worker Billy was.  One of the Pembine crews pulled out entirely.  I don’t expect Shorty to go it much longer.  The only crew that will stay much longer is Will’s crew from Pembine.  He says his wife told him if the house is foreclosed she’s taking the kids back to Sheboygan.”
“And you?”
“I might be done too.  I got a call.  The Forest Service wants me at their field office in Wausau tomorrow morning.  They mentioned you and said it was to talk over some of your ideas.  But it may just be a ruse to get me there so they can arrest me.”
“Did you tell Jimmy?”
“Why would I do that?”
“I thought you had agreed to be part of their plan on Saturday.”
“I haven’t talked to him in weeks.  Whatever those guys are doing, I want no part of it.”
“They have a plan to help here.  I think they plan to bring the whole bunch here, and stay for a while.  They were talking trailers.”
“They come, then the cops come.  You can be sure we will all be out of here by Saturday.  Besides, like I said, I will probably be arrested tomorrow.”
“Let me know which jail you are in, and I will try to bust you out.”
“That I believe.  Now how about a kiss before I go to the slammer.”  So we kissed, and we held each other, and I thought, you damn fool, where was this affection twenty years ago?  Eventually I got up and gave him his coat back.
“Good luck tomorrow.”  I started walking back to my truck.
“Jess…” Chuck said, pointing to the back of my camo coat.  “Be careful with those people.”  I nodded, and went to my truck.  By the time I had it backed around and onto the fire lane, Chuck had changed cables and was hauling the log up onto the flatbed.
My next stop was the bar.  This was not going to be fun.  Morgan and I never worked the same days.  We never really talked.  She worked her days, I worked mine.  She kept her distance, and so did I.  My plan was to get there before noon so I could do what I needed to do before she started her shift at two.  But I could see even before I parked my truck that she had the place open.  I walked in and found her sitting behind the bar, reading a magazine.  There wasn’t a customer in the place, and there wasn’t likely to be one for hours.
“Why are you open?” I asked.
“Jimmy said he would pay me ten dollars an hour extra to stay open.”
“In the morning?”
“He didn’t say what time of day.  Monday he paid me an extra fifty to cover for you.  Tuesday the same.  So I asked for more.  Ten dollars per hour.”
“But today is your regular day.”
“So?  I am here, I am working, why shouldn’t I be paid?”
“Whatever.”  I had my usual notepad and pencil next to the cash register.  I picked them up and started counting bottles.  Liquor first, then quarter barrels, then twelve packs, then pizza boxes.  I had done it every week for eight years.  I was moving along fairly well, but Morgan decided this was our day for conversation.”
“Can you get me a coat like that one?”
“No.”
“Can you introduce me to any of them?”
“Come in tomorrow.  There will be dozens of them.  I bet all of them would like to take you home to mother.”
“How do I get invited up to the lake house?”
“When you meet these guys tomorrow, ask if they are majors, colonels, or generals.  Will you let me count, please?” I finished the back bar.  
Everything else I needed to count was in the store room.  I stood and looked at the door for a while.  This would not be easy.  Then I got brilliant.  I went to the front door of the bar and locked it.  Next, I picked up a twelve pack from the back bar and carried it to the store room.  I opened the door and propped it open with the twelve pack. I still didn’t want to go in, but I thought I could do a fairly accurate count from the doorway.  And that’s what I did.  Was my count exact?  It didn’t need to be.  As long as I was within half a dozen twelve packs, that would do. 
That just left the pizza.  That was in the freezer at the end of the bar.  Counting that turned out to be even simpler.  The freezer was empty.
“Morgan, if I went to your house, would I find pizzas in your freezer?”
“Of course you would.  Everyone has pizza in their freezer.”
“Right.”  There was no sense pushing the matter.  Clark had hired her.  He could deal with her.  I pulled out my phone, called the distributer in Peshtigo, and was done in ten minutes.  I reminded him to come early tomorrow, but halfway through my request he told me he would come before “all those army guys” filled up the bar.  Good plan.
I left Morgan to her reading and stepped out to the street.  The day was sunny, and while it was not warm – this was January in Amberg – it wasn’t too cold.  I stood in the sun and wondered where I might go.  It was still before noon, the day was mine.  Wausaukee?  Iron Mountain?  I could do some window shopping.  But then I remembered the coat I was wearing.  How would that go over in Wausaukee?  Probably not well, and not any better in Iron Mountain.  No, the only place this coat was really welcome was at the lake house.  So, that’s where I went.
I found the house was empty.  Oh, Becky and Katie were probably in their rooms, but no one was out in the great room.  I decided this might be a good time for a nap.  So I went up to my room, and that’s what I did.
I woke up around four which is odd, first because I seldom take naps, even on my days off, and second because they never last that long.  But my brain had been working while I slept.  I woke up thinking about Jimmy, and about the way he was likely to treat me again tonight.  He was nervous, I was here, I would be used.  But somehow, my brain made a connection to a particular cocktail dress.  I got up, put on my fancy new underwear and the panty hose, worked on my hair and my makeup, and then I went into my closet.  There was the dress that I had thought of.
It was forest green, satin or whatever chemical equivalent dress makers were using.  It was strapless and had a flared skirt that barely made it halfway to my knees.  None of that was important.  What mattered was the one special feature of this dress.  At the waist in the back was a very large bow made of the same material.  The sides of the bow reached the edges of my waist, and the ends hung down over my ass.  It was a big bow.  But that was the point.  This dress had a bow on it, and I had a plan.
I went down stairs after five, selected a leather chair that looked good, and sat there in my little dress until the Swansons arrived.  I had my usual conversation with Mrs. Swanson.  She was a little concerned about seating arrangements.  Jimmy had told her there would be ten for dinner, but only three ladies.  She really liked equal numbers, but we decided things would work out if we put the two ladies in the middle of each side.  Two men to their right, and one to their left.  That was about all the symmetry we could manage, and she accepted it.
That done, I went up to our room to await Jimmy.  He came up about six forty five, all prepped to the evening.
“The two majors will be here again tonight, but without their wives.  We will have dinner as usual, but by nine thirty I want to be in the library with the men so we can do our final planning.  You ladies will go upstairs.  Do you understand?”
He had been standing in the middle of the floor, talking to me like he might be lecturing to a servant, or to enlisted troops.  I walked up to him and put my hands on his shoulders, much the way he had forced me to that first night.
“Jimmy, I want you to look at me.”  I was afraid he might break away at that point, but he didn’t.  “Look at me, then look at my dress.”
“It’s very pretty.”
“Thank you.  Now look at the back.”  I stepped closer to him and he looked over my shoulder.
“There’s a bow.”
“Where do you normally put a bow?”
“On a present.”
“Yes, you put on gift wrap, and then a bow.  I wrapped myself in this dress for you, and put on this bow.  I am a gift.  I know you have lots of things on your mind, and you are frustrated.  But when you hold me, now, or tonight in bed, I want you to remember the gift that I am.  I am yours.  Treat me like gift.  And think of this gift as you sit in that library with a bunch of men, talking through the same plans you have talked through all week.  I am here.  Your gift waits.”
Somewhere in the middle of all that, he picked me up, carried me backwards to the bed, and was on me.  For a while there I didn’t think we would be going down to dinner.  And Katie was right, once a man has put his hand on that hose, he will not let go of your leg.  Eventually he calmed down and we just lay together as our breathing slowed.  I smiled, he smiled, we kissed again.
“I promise you the shortest planning meeting this group has ever had.”
“Thank you.”  I made him go down without me while I redid my makeup.  It took a while, and I was fine with that.  I was pretty sure we had a better night ahead of us.
Eventually I did go down.  Becky and Katie looked at me, saw my smile, and smiled back.  I ignored the bar.  They could get their own drinks.  I took my place next to Jimmy.  We worked the room together.  Well, he worked, but he also took my hand and leaned close.  Eventually we all went in to dinner.  We ate, we talked, we finished and the boys went to the library while the girls went upstairs.  I sat on the bed waiting for Jimmy, having decided I would let him unwrap me.  I barely had my shoes off when he came up to do just that.


Chapter 23
Back in the bar

We showered together in the morning.  I held him, he washed me, I kissed him, he washed me, the hot water just kept flowing.  Everybody should have a morning like that.  We were talking about nothing, and touching, and then touching some more, and the world was perfect.  Later, as I dressed, complete with panty hose he could not keep his hands off, he picked out one of my cocktail dresses and said, “I want you to wear this today.”
It was an ice blue satin with the tiniest sleeves I have ever seen.  The neckline plunged and the full skirt looked unbelievably short. 
“Last time three men came for me.  If I wear that to the bar it will be fifty.”
“You will stay behind the bar, and I will have two men I trust always on guard.”
“This is nuts.”
“This is marketing.”
“You are selling me?”
“I am selling pride.  And I have a plan.  Here’s what I would like.  Put the dress on.  Let’s at least see if it fits.  Then I will tell you my plan, and if you don’t like it, you put on something else.”  
That was just reasonable enough for me to agree.  I put the dress on.  It fit, although the neckline was every bit as low as I had thought, and the skirt – well there was lots of leg not covered.  He motioned me to him.  I stood in front of him, and felt him put both hands on my ass and pull me toward him.  My hips were against his hips.  This is not a position where careful thinking takes place.  It was his hands, my ass, and fairly soon pretty heavy breathing – mostly mine.
“Last Friday we gave them free beer.”
“I gave them free beer, but you agreed to pay for it.”  I had my arms around his neck, and I was very aware of his hands.
“This Friday we will give them a party.  I have people who will decorate the place this morning, and at four I have a rock band coming in.  It will be a party.  So, I would like you to dress for a party.”  I liked the way he held me, but… I slid back from him a few inches and put my hands on his shoulders.
“Jimmy, I would like you to look at me.  What do you see?”
“A gift.”
“Good.  And this dress is definitely gift wrap.  Now tell me what you notice about the package.”
“You fill it very nicely.  Great tits, a nicely rounded ass, I could stand here and hold you all day.”
“When I saw dresses like this in magazines, I used to call them T&A dresses.  They emphasize both, and that’s okay.  Women like to look good.  We have features we are proud of and want to show off.  With the right man and the right circumstances, we shine.  And it feels good.  All this week I liked wearing these dresses to dinner.  I liked the way you looked at me and the way you touched me. Right circumstances, right man.” I paused.
“Now you want me to wear this in the wrong place with the wrong men.  And they are the wrong men, Jimmy.  It’s like they have snakes in their heads.  I know you want to use them, and I suspect they want to use you.  I wish you had picked some other approach to wherever you are heading, but that is your choice.  This is about me.  If I go there like this, I can stay behind the bar and they won’t touch me with their hands, but they will touch me with their eyes and with their words.  And every minute of every hour I am there, I will be ashamed.”  At this point I laid my head on his shoulder and whispered to him.  “Please don’t make me do this.  Please don’t ask.”
I kept my arms around his neck.  I kept my head on his shoulder.  I kissed his neck.  He held me, one arm across my lower back, and one hand on my ass.  That hand slid up, then down, up, then down, up, then down.  The silence lasted so long I think under other circumstances I would have drifted off to sleep.
Finally he said, “You choose what to wear.”  He kissed me, let me go, and left the room.  I took off the T&A, hung it up, and then stood looking at my new day dresses.  They were all bright cotton prints that would work for a party.  I picked one with half sleeves, a very reasonable neckline, and a full skirt that was at least within shouting distance of my knees.  The print was a jumble of colors that made me think Becky probably had picked it while thinking of her Caribbean vacations.  No one had ever worn such colors in Amberg, but there is a first for everything.  I found some low heels to match, did a quick job on my hair and makeup, and headed down the stairs.  Jimmy was waiting for me.  I was really pleased to see him smile.
He was going to drive me in and stay with me all day, so we put on coats and went out into the garage.  The car was cold, but we sat for several minutes warming up the car and each other.  He held me close, and managed to both back out of the garage and get the car onto the road one handed.  
“You are right about the militia.”  He said as we drove.  “I am not sure they have snakes in their heads, but they do have some crazy ideas.  But you should know something important about them.  They are growing.  When I first met the general a couple years ago, he claimed he had two hundred men enlisted in his unit.  People who had actually seen his boys here or there said they doubted he had more than fifteen.  Today, I don’t think he has two hundred yet, but he is getting close.   Something is going on.  By the way, that’s the real reason the Wilsons came for their visit Wednesday.  Me they can see anytime.  They were there to meet militia.  They want to know what is going on.”
I had nothing to say in response.  If he and the Wilsons were confused, I was certainly no wiser.  I just knew I didn’t like them.  And I was about to spend a day serving them beer.
We got to the bar, I opened it, he grabbed my ass, and I ended up sitting on his lap while three women came in to hang decorations.  I had my arms around his neck, my head was on his shoulder, and whatever the women were thinking was their business.  It took them about an hour to hang balloons and crepe paper and signs extolling freedom fighters.  I didn’t care.  I held on to Jimmy, he held on to me, and I was about as horny as I had been in a decade.  My plan was to do whatever needed to be done for the next dozen hours, then get this guy home and bounce all over that big bed.
Eventually the ladies left.  I was alone with Jimmy and thinking about all kinds of things, but then four larger men came in.  They were there to move the pool table over to a corner and put the tables and chairs some place.  I pointed out the back door.   Even with the main area cleared, it was still a pretty small room, but it was decorated, it was open, add some music and beer and it might work out okay.
At about sixty seconds past noon the first militia guys arrived.  I got off Jimmy’s lap and went behind the bar.  He greeted them while I started pouring beers.   That’s how the afternoon went.  Guys came in, I gave them beer, they talked to each other, occasionally made a pass at me, and then went back to drinking. 
Around two, Chuck came in.  He walked around to the side of the bar, and the two guys who were assigned to protect me stood to block his way.  I told them it was okay, and they let Chuck stand near me, but they kept watch on him.
“How did your meeting go?” I asked.
“Wow, you look great.  Really great.”  Chuck’s eyes were all over me.  
“Thanks.  Jimmy is setting up a party.  This is my party dress.  But tell me.  How did your meeting go?”
“I didn’t get arrested.  In fact, I got a contract.  They told me they liked some things you said Saturday.  So they created this new program for really small businesses.  They called it ‘micro- business outreach.’  Leave it to bureaucrats to come up with fancy labels.  Anyway, they know about the trees I took, and I have to pay for them.  But they are taking it out of what I will earn keeping their fire lanes open – for the next three years!!”
“Chuck, that is great.”  And I gave him a hug.  He hugged back and held on long enough I saw Jimmy looking.  I backed away.
“I got my crew out of the forest, we will not go to jail, and I will have enough income from the forest to keep my truck.”  I was paying attention to Chuck, but I did notice some action behind him.  Suddenly four guys headed for the door.  One of them was one of the majors.  They motioned for Jimmy to follow them out.
“Congratulations, Chuck.  Would you like a free beer?”
“No thanks.  I need to go home and tell Melissa.”
“Good move.”
About three both the beer distributer and the band arrived.  They both needed to drag stuff into the bar which already had about forty drunks standing in the way.  The beer guy complained about the crowd, I reminded him that he could have come hours earlier, and both of us stacked twelve packs as fast as they came in the door.  I told him to put most of the twelve packs by the end of the bar, not in the storeroom, so I would have easy – and safe – access.  As for the band, well there were four of them but enough equipment for eight or ten guys at least.  The bar hasn’t had the wiring updated since the seventies, so I was surprised they actually got it all connected.  Unfortunately, once connected, we were treated to a chorus of “check, check” for at least twenty minutes.  Can’t they just put an on-switch on microphones?
While all this was going on, groups of militia were gathering and talking more intensely than guys usually do after two beers.  And there was a regular flow out the door and then back.  To the extent I noticed at all, I assumed they were getting their orders for tomorrow.  That or they were deciding how many brats to buy next door.
“Check, check” ended at four and the band started playing.  It was mostly country music and mostly done well.  There was one song that seemed to have “White Power” as the sole lyric, but otherwise, it was the same set that would be playing at any area bar on a Saturday night.  Guys seemed to enjoy it and the crowd grew to fifty or sixty.  There seemed to be fewer men than last week, but it was still early, and maybe I was just getting used to crowds.
Jimmy seemed to have disappeared.  I looked out the window at one point, but rather than see him, I saw three travel trailers being pulled out of town pretty fast.  Two other trucks followed closely.  Maybe Jimmy was in one of them.  I didn’t know.  In the meantime, the crowd was now so big I couldn’t pour beer fast enough, so we went back to the practice of just opening twelve packs of cans and setting them around.  Since I had been clever enough to have lots of them stacked by the end of the bar, I just grabbed one as I saw the need, opened it, and set out cans.  My job had gotten simpler.
How much country music can one bar stand?  Apparently a lot.  These guys appeared to know twelve songs, but they played them again and again, and took only short breaks.  I will give them credit for stamina.  I assumed Jimmy was paying them by the hour.  They lasted until nine, which I think might be a record for any garage band.
A little after nine, before the band put away their microphones, the General took the mic and rallied the troops.  There was the usual welcome, praise for all that had been accomplished last week, and a promise that tomorrow would be special as they stood for freedom and used their strength to “rescue and protect” some people in need.  He finally said the part I wanted to hear – the bar would close at ten, and the general muster would be at noon.  In other words, I would have a long break, which I needed having spent so many hours in heels.  Granted they were low heels, but the sooner I got off them the better.
Jimmy came in about then.  One of the men got up so he could sit at the bar.  I smiled at him, he smiled at me, and I brought him his Jim Beam.  Gradually the place cleared out.  Men were given lodging sheets again, and they headed off to bed or to another pub.  I started bagging empty beer cans, and a couple of the men quickly took bags and helped.  I went with my usual cleaning rationale – obvious things like cans and paper plates tonight, toilets in the morning.  By ten the initial cleaning was done, and we had eight or nine bags of empties out the back door.  The last of the men left, and it was just Jimmy and me.  I put on my jacket and followed him out.
He didn’t have much to say in the car.  I sat close to him, and he put his arm around me, and we drove through the empty roads back to the lake house.  After all the noise of the bar, the quiet felt good.  I put one hand on his leg, and my head on his shoulder.
Back at the house I saw most of the usuals were in the great room.  They weren’t saying much, apparently waiting for Jimmy.  He stood with me at the bottom of the stairs.
“I am sure you are tired after a long day.  Go up and get ready for bed.  I will join you in about ten minutes.”  I kissed him and then climbed the stairs.  It was unusual for us to be the first to go up, but I was tired and glad I did not have to play hostess.  Once up in our room, I hung up my dress, put away my shoes, and got undressed.  The girls had ordered me a dozen nighties, and I sorted through them.  Finally I picked a white satin gown that came nearly to my knees and seemed to fit like it was tailored for me.  I slid into bed and waited for Jimmy.
Jimmy came up about five minutes later.  He pulled he covers off me, then pulled my arm.  
“Come down stairs with me a minute.  There is something we need to talk about.”  I got out of bed quickly and went with him.  My first thought was he wanted the others to see me in my nightgown as he had the other night.  This was some kind of power demonstration.  I didn’t like it, but I didn’t say anything.
As we descended the stairs I could see that all the others in the house were still in the great room, and they were looking at me.  None of them said a word.  They just watched me come down the stairs with Jimmy.  We got to the bottom of the stairs, and I expected Jimmy to say something, but he just pulled my arm toward the front door and we kept moving.
When we started for the front door, I started getting nervous.  It was cold out there.  What was he thinking?  Jimmy’s hand tightened on my arm, but he needn’t have.  I would go with him and say whatever he wanted me to say.  So I stepped out onto the porch, and I stood to face him, standing there in my bare feet.  But we had barely gotten outside when he grabbed my right wrist, and pulled it over his head while he lowered his shoulder into my belly and hoisted me up on his shoulder.  He grabbed me around the knees with his other hand, and then started walking across the lawn.
Now I was scared.  I might have kicked or tried to hit him with my free hand, but I thought that might make things worse.  Would he just drop me in the snow?  But what really scared me was his silence.  He said not a word about what I had done or what he had planned.  He just carried me.  There was over a foot of snow on the ground, and I could feel that he struggled in places, but he kept going.  He crossed the lawn, and I could feel him step out onto the lake.  Now I was really scared.  As he walked across the lake I repeated, “Please, Jimmy.” He never answered, he just kept walking.
About thirty yards out onto the lake, he took me off his shoulder and stood me up in the snow.  I was standing on ice, and the snow reached most of the way up my calves.  I was instantly shaking from the cold, but I was shaking even more from confusion.  What was going on?  He made me wait, and then finally started talking.
“I am going to ask you some questions.  If you lie, you will stay right out here until you freeze solid.  Do you understand me?”
“Yes, Jimmy.”
“Thursday you took your truck, but you didn’t just go to the bar, you went to see your old friend Chuck White.  Correct?”
“Yes.”
“And you told him we were coming on Saturday.”
“I asked him if he had talked to you about Saturday.  He said he had not.  I said you might be coming to the logging area.”
“So he left.  I might have been able to negotiate with him, but he and most of the others pulled out.  The only reason I am not cutting a hole in the ice and putting you through it is we moved fast and got there before the Pembine crew left.  So we might be able to salvage some of this.”
“I’m sorry, Jimmy.”
“You are going to be much sorrier.  You are going to stand here while I do some thinking.  If you move an inch from this spot, I will hurt you very badly.  I want you to think about what you have done.”  Then he turned and started walking back to the house.  I started after him.
“Please, Jimmy.” 
He stopped, picked me up, and put me back where he had put me before.  Now he took off his belt and wrapped it around my ankles.  I grabbed his back and told him to stop.  He finished with my ankles, then took off his tie and did my wrists.  I was already so cold, and so scared, I could barely resist.  I stood with my hands bound behind me, my bare feet feeling like they were on fire from the snow and ice.  How many times did I say “please” as he walked away?  Not enough to matter.  He never looked back.  He went straight into the house and closed the door.  
I stood there with my arms tight against my back, shifting my weight from one foot to another as well as I could with my ankles tied.  It did no good.  The snow was stinging my bare feet, and the air chilled my body.  I looked up and saw stars.  In the winter that is a bad thing.  Any warm air escapes up, and temperatures drop.  I stared at the lights on the house and the front doors, waiting for him to come back.  
My body was shaking so hard I thought I would break my back, when I saw the doors open.  But it wasn’t him.  It was Katie and Becky.  Were they coming to bring me in?  No, I could see it in their faces as they drew close.  Katie’s first act was to slap me across the face when she got to me.
“Now you know how I feel.  When Mac found out what you had done, he slapped me around.  He had never touched me before.  But he thinks we girls were in this together.  You stupid bitch,” and she raised her hand to slap me again, but stopped.  Even in the dark, I could see she was crying.  “He’s leaving tomorrow.  Back to work.  And for me, no more trips to Paris.  You did that.”
“I won’t hit you,” Becky said, “but I want you to know what you did.  The general refuses to talk to me.  Not a word.  It’s like I am not there.  That hurts, Jessica, maybe worse than standing in some snow.”
“I am so sorry.”
“Too late now.  Everyone is mad at Jimmy.  They say he brought you, so you are his responsibility.  Everyone is mad at us, since we happen to be females.  You did this.  You did all of this.  Standing out here in the snow seems a small price to pay.  We’ll be leaving, either tonight or tomorrow.  I wanted you to know what you did to us.”  Then the two of them walked back to the house.
I was crying now.  Scared, cold, sorry for how the girls were being treated.  I began to feel my legs weaken, and I wondered if I would just collapse in the snow.  Time seemed to stop.  All I could feel was cold and sadness.  I was absolutely cold, and absolutely miserable.
My eyes never left the front door of the house.  My world had shrunk to that one wooden door.  I was almost ecstatic when I saw it finally open.  Was it one more person to yell at me?  It was Jimmy.  He pushed his way through the snow and then stopped in front of me.
“I’m going to ask you one more question.  It is a yes or no question.  I need an honest answer.  One answer gets you back into the house.  The other answer – well, I’ll just leave you here.”  He stopped at that point and made me wait.  Finally he began again.  “Here’s the question.  When you told him our plan, did you know you were betraying me?”
  I could see him staring at me, waiting for an answer.  But I was crying so hard and shivering so much, I was not sure I could get a word out.  Finally I said it – “Yes.”
He stood and looked at me, sadness all over his face.  Then he took my arm, pulled me onto his shoulder, and carried me back to the house.  Every step of the way I said, “I am so sorry, Jimmy.”
Inside the house he took me straight up to our room.  He threw me on the bed, took the belt off my ankles, and then undressed.  My wrists were still tied, but he gripped me tightly anyway.  His arms around me, his body on me, his legs between mine.  He was in me quickly.  He was rough, but he was warm.  He rocked into me, climaxed, then left me.  He wrapped a robe around himself.  I heard him take the stairs.  And I heard a bottle clink against a glass.  
I slid as far under the covers as I could, pulled my feet up tight against me, and hoped the pain would fade.  Eventually I slept.



Chapter 24
Into the Forest

The morning started with rough sex.  He pinned me as usual, not that he needed to.  I wasn’t going to move anywhere.  He entered me quickly, and it felt like he was punching me.  Meanwhile he was grabbing my shoulders with his hands, and kissing me as if he wanted to push my head back through the pillow.  None of this was pleasure.  Not for him, and not for me.  This was punishment.  It was control, it was pain, it was revenge for what I had done.  I laid there and let him do it.
When he was done, he stayed on top of me.  His weight hurt.  His arms pinning my arms hurt.  His kisses hurt.  He wanted me to know he could do this as long as he wanted.  I was to lay there for as long as he wanted.  And I did.  I thought this might go on all morning.  Finally, I started talking to him.
“Jimmy, I have told you I am sorry.  You know I am sorry.  You should also know I love you.  I am your woman.  I love it when you touch me.  I love it when you look at me.  I am yours.”
“What really makes all of this so unbearable for me is I believe you.  I see it in your eyes.  I feel it when we hold each other.  I want you, and I know you want me.  This should work out so well.”
“It can.  Forget this project.  Move on.  We’ll find another way for you to get what you want.  You can work this from another angle.”
“I’m not done here yet.  We can still save this if today goes well.  It can still work.”  At that point the moment had passed.  He got off me and walked to the shower.  I laid in the bed, waiting to see what came next.  Fifteen minutes later he was showered, shaved, dressed, and was obviously ready to get started on his plan for the day.  He sat on the edge of the bed to give me my orders.
“Take your time.  We don’t need to leave for well over an hour.  But I want you with me today.  I expect there will be media again.  You were good with them last week.  I am sure you will be good with them this week.”  He leaned toward me, and I thought he was going to kiss me, but he just rolled me onto my side and untied my wrists.  Then he left.
An hour might have seemed like a long time to him, but it wasn’t for me.  I still felt cold.  My feet hurt.  I ran my hands over each toe checking for frost bite.  I felt some numbness, but saw no discolorations.  Not yet.  I needed to shower.  I was desperate to stand under hot, soothing water.  And I did, but not nearly as long as I would have liked.  I had to do my hair and makeup, and get dressed.  All in an hour.  I made it, but it was close.  And what did I wear?  Yes, I put on that ice blue T&A complete with hose and heels.  I thought I owed him that much.
I went downstairs looking for Jimmy.  The house was always quiet, but this morning it was especially so.  I wondered how many had left during the night or this morning.  Were we alone here?  Apparently not completely.  When I went into the kitchen I found Jimmy and the general.  The general was not happy to see me.
“Why is she still here?  She should either be standing on the lake or back in her trailer.”
“She’s good with the press, and she might help when we talk to the Pembine loggers.”
“Then we are done with her, Jimmy.  I don’t want to see her after today.”  He got up, gave me a look that I guess was supposed to scare me, and left.  I got my yogurt and a cup of coffee and sat next to Jimmy.
“You look good.”
“I need you to protect me, Jimmy.”
“I will.”  I was sitting as close as I could, and he was looking at me, well, with less anger.  I was tempted to try to kiss him, but I decided that would be a mistake.  I sat close, leaning in his direction.  Available.  He had to see that.  I was available.
He turned to his cup of coffee and gave me the general outline for the day while talking to his coffee cup.  In essence, we would do what we did last week, inspection followed by a drive to the forest, except this time we would go up the fire lane to where the logging was being done.  In the original plan we would have taken the trailers with us, but he said they had been moved in yesterday afternoon.  The reason for the early move was obvious, and he didn’t say anything about my role in that.  As he talked, I slid my chair closer to him, and he put his arm around me.
“I will help you where I can, Jimmy.”
“I know you will.”
We got up, put on our coats, and got in the car.  The general had left just before us, and we followed his truck around the lake and then into town. Our first stop was the bar, of course.  Jimmy had hired Morgan again, and she was serving coffee, but she slid a brandy bottle off the bar as we walked in.  I wondered how “Irish” the coffee was. 
I went behind the bar to get a coffee for Jimmy and myself.  Morgan slid up beside me and whispered, “Damn girl.  In that dress you look like you are set the bang the whole battalion.”
“I hope it doesn’t come to that.”  I took the coffees around the bar and gave Jimmy his.  There were about thirty men in the bar sipping coffee, and he worked his way through them.  I stayed by his side.  He put an arm around me, and then let it slide down to my hip and ass.  “This one’s mine” was the message.  I was hoping the message was clear to one and all.
About noon one of the majors came in to announce the morning muster.  Men finished their coffee and then went out to their lines.  Jimmy took my hand and walked with me to the other side of the street.  As the lines formed, it was pretty clear there were not nearly as many men.  I would guess about sixty were out there.  Maybe some were already at the logging site.  And maybe some men had decided one weekend of standing around Amberg in January was enough.
The general joined Jimmy and me, and we took several steps forward.  Apparently there would be no inspection, just some talks.  The general led off.  He mentioned the presence of several “affiliates” and then started a fairly long talk about the importance of militia units and their role in the country.  There were three news crews this week, plus our own teen videographer, and I guessed the general was talking to them rather than the men.  The men listened patiently, but it was cold – it was January.  So I didn’t see much enthusiasm, just a general rocking from side to side.  Apparently their feet were cold, which wasn’t going to get much sympathy from me, given what I was wearing.
Jimmy was up next, and he repeated the needs of the loggers, the corruption of the government, the role the freedom fighters would play in assisting regular people in their battle with a corrupt and inept bureaucracy.  It wasn’t a bad speech, but like I said, it was January.
Jimmy asked me to go next, but it was a fiasco.  Here is what I said: “You should know how grateful the local people are.  Thanks to you the Forest Service has already changed one of its rules and made it much easier for small companies like those in Amberg to get contracts in the forest.  You have made a real difference.”  Those are my words, but no one heard them.  A wind came up as I started to talk, and Jimmy insisted on keeping hold of my hand.  That left only one hand to fight with my skirt which was blowing every which way, but mostly up.  Finally I jerked my hand away from Jimmy and grabbed my skirt with both hands.  If there was anyone in the ranks or with the TV crews who was not laughing, I didn’t see them.
As I finally got my skirts under control, the general announced the plan for the day.  We were going to load the trucks as we had the week before, and we were going to “liberate” the land that rightful belonged to the people.
That was that.  The assembly broke up as the men went to get their trucks.  The General brought his to the front of the line, and Jimmy and I got in with him in the front seat.  I sat between them.  I still had a death grip on my skirts.
“Well, if nothing else, you add some entertainment value,” the general said as we waited for the rest of the line to form up behind us.
“She’s local, and she spoke on behalf of the locals.  That matters.” Jimmy responded.  I didn’t have anything to say.
Fewer men meant fewer trucks, so we were able to form up in about fifteen minutes.  Then we were off.  The general led at a fairly leisurely pace.  I guess he was giving the TV crews plenty of time to load their gear and fall in behind us.  We really didn’t have all that far to go, just the usual route up A and then along Town Line Road.  There were two squads parked in a driveway, but they made no move to stop us.
When we turned into the fire lane we stopped.  Two men with AR 15s got out from a truck they had parked tight against the side of the fire lane.  They walked around to the general’s side of the truck and saluted.  
“Good morning, sir.” One of them said.
“Good morning.”  The general returned their salute.  “How were things on your watch?”
“The cops know we are here, sir.  We counted four cars – sheriff’s deputies, riding two to a car.  As they went by, they slowed and gave us a good look, but they did not stop or approach us.”
“There is no reason why they should.” The general responded. “You are on public property carrying legal weapons.  They have no legal basis to stop you.  When they tried that down in Waukesha County we sued and walked away with a hundred grand.  Now tell me about the rest of boys and about our guests.”
“We have two trailers for our sentries.  They are parked a couple miles up this lane.  There are six men there.  We are standing guard in two hours shifts as ordered.”
“And our guests?”
“We moved a trailer back there for them.  They are logging pretty deep into the forest.  We made sure they had hot food and a bottle last night, and they seemed happy enough.”
“Good report.  Our men are following me, but be sure to check each vehicle.  It is good practice, and they should see you apply it.  Somewhere in back there should be three news vehicles.  You are to stop them here.  One of you stands in front of them, and the other moves your truck to block the road.  I will decide where we talk to them, and when.  Clear?”
“Yes sir.”
We drove on.  The general checked in the rear view mirror to see if the sentries were checking the other cars as he had ordered.  Things seemed to be going well.  As always, we had to go slowly over the road, and brush scraped the truck several times, but eventually we got to the place where the sentries were encamped.  It was where Chuck had been cutting.  They had two travel trailers and three trucks parked right where I had parked on Thursday.  Two of the sentries had a large grill going, and the other sentries came out of the trailers when they heard us arrive.
The general left the truck in the middle of the fire lane.  He and Jimmy got out to talk to the men.  I chose to stay in the truck, and that seemed to be okay.  But the general turned the engine off, and with it the heater.  Why would the general consider the courtesy of a warm truck?
The other trucks started coming up behind us and parking.  Men got out and soon there was a pretty big crowd gathered around the sentries.  I couldn’t hear their conversation, but it didn’t matter.  It was pretty clear they were having a good time.  There were brats for all.  Men ate and walked around the area to see where the logging had gone on.  Several sat where I had sat with Chuck.  It was a January picnic, much like you see in movies about ski resorts.  Everyone was having fun.  Jimmy and the general had a brat with the men, poked their heads into the trailers as sentries explained how they had spent the night, and finally came back to the truck.
“So far, so good,” Jimmy said as they got in.  “It has gone off pretty much as we envisioned it.”
“Except if we had been tighter in our communications, there would be loggers standing and talking with those men.”  The general was talking about me of course, but he was looking hard at Jimmy.  I recalled what Katie had said.  Jimmy had brought me, so Jimmy was responsible for me.  Okay, but I thought Jimmy had a good response.
“We can still make that happen.  We drive over to the Pembine crew, have a conversation, and invite them down for some brats.”  It was the right response, but the general didn’t acknowledge it.  He did, however, start the truck and with it, the heater.
I had never been down to where the second Pembine crew had been cutting.  Why get my truck even more scratched up?  Besides, I didn’t really know Will.  He hadn’t come into my bar before all this started.  All I knew about the poor guy was his wife was threatening to leave him.  So I was curious to see how he was doing, now that he was essentially locked in by his “friends” the militia.
It took us a while to get to him.  This part of Wisconsin is pretty flat, but there were small hills we had to climb, and a bend around a low area that would probably be a swamp in the spring.  If you wanted to hide from the forest service, this seemed to be a pretty good spot.
As we got closer, we could see where Will had taken down a large section of pines.  His truck was there, and his flat bed, and there were logs lying everywhere waiting to be loaded.  I expected to see Will and his men out cutting or loading, but there was no one around.  Apparently they had decided to sleep in after their night with the “bottle.”  We parked just past their trailer.
“This time you go over with us.” The general told me. “You know these people.  You can explain how we are trying to help them.”  I slid out Jimmy’s side of the truck.  I was wearing open-toed sandals with four inch heels.  The minute my feet were out of the truck my toes were cold and wet.  Jimmy took a grip on the top of my arm to help support me as we stepped through the snow and around logs, rocks, roots, or anything else that could be hidden under a foot of snow.  We didn’t have to go far to get to their trailer, but every step was an adventure – a very cold adventure.
The general got to the trailer first, of course, and knocked on the door.  He waited and then knocked again.  By the time Jimmy and I got there, he had opened the door.  The trailer was empty.
“God damn it.” The general rounded on me. “What did you tell them?”  He was in my face and I expected a punch any second.  Jimmy pulled me away from him and stepped between us.
“She told me last night she only talked to Chuck White, and I believe her.  They were here when our men came yesterday afternoon, right?  They were here when the sentries brought food, right?  This is not on her.”
“We need to find the bastards.” The general pushed his way back toward the truck and would have pushed me over, but Jimmy held on to my arm and blocked most of the general’s push.  “Get that god damn woman back in the truck.”  As Jimmy helped me back to the truck, the general looked around the area.  He was looking for tracks leading deeper into the forest.  It took him no time at all – their tracks were leading down the middle of the fire lane.
“The stupid bastards are walking west along the fire lane.  It has to be twenty miles to the park headquarters.  They’ll freeze before they get there.”  The general got in his side, Jimmy helped me into our side.  My feet were cold and wet, and I put them right under one of the heater outlets.
“We should be able to catch them fairly soon and find out what they are doing.” Jimmy said, as the general began driving farther down the fire lane.  This part of the fire lane was just like the rest -- overgrown, bumpy, but passable.  All three of us were leaning far forward to see the tracks, not that we needed to concentrate.  The Pembine men stayed right down the middle of the lane, apparently walking single file.  The general picked up his speed, taking it a bit fast, but I certainly wasn’t going to say anything about it.
We had gone maybe a mile when the tracks changed.  The general stopped and he and Jimmy got out.  “Snowmobile.”  Jimmy said.
“Obviously,” the general said, “Probably more than one.  The damn things can move a helluva lot faster than us over a road like this.  The bastards are gone.”  The two of them got back in the truck.  I slid as tight to Jimmy as I could.  The general still hit me with an elbow as he reached around to put the truck in reverse.  
“Those snowmobiles got here from somewhere and they know how to get back out.”  Jimmy kept an arm around me as he talked, pulling me away from the General.  I still got a couple more elbows as the General moved around in the seat.  “Maybe back to the headquarters, maybe back to whatever road they started on.”
“We’re not going to catch them.”  The general stared straight down the road, straight down the pressed snow of the snowmobile tracks.
“No.”  
“We are royally screwed.”  The general wrapped his hands around the steering wheel, his knuckles turning white.
“We need to come up with two stories,” Jimmy said. “One for the men and one for the media.  We can do that.”
“The stories will change if someone gets to their camp and sees they are gone.” I said.
“Shit.” The general said. “We need to get back there, make sure no one else has been there.”  He began backing up the fire lane, looking for any opening where he might be able to turn around, but the lane was too over grown.  In the end, he had to back all the way to where we had stopped by the trailer.  It was just a mile, but driving backwards is not easy, it was slow going all the way, and the general cursed the whole time.  He was twisted way around to see, and I backed tightly against Jimmy, both to get out of his way, and for protection from a man who appeared ready to completely lose control.
Fortunately, we made it back before any of the sentries had driven over to check on the Pembiners.  Apparently the grill and brats were holding their interest.  The general used the extra space near the trailer to turn around, and we went another hundred yards back towards the main militia group.  There he stopped.  With us in this location, the lane was essentially blocked, so we could sit quietly and decide what to do and say.
It was a question of the best lie.  Obviously we couldn’t say the guys we were supposed to be helping had run off.  So what could we say?  And I do mean “we.”  It was assumed whatever was said would be said by all three of us.  They didn’t have to threaten me with a night out on the lake.  I wanted to help Jimmy salvage something out of this disaster.
The general theme that ran through our discussion was “victory.”  We needed the men to get back in their trucks and drive home thinking they had been successful.  We needed the media to think we had beaten the corrupt bureaucracy.  We assumed the men were enjoying their brats, and were probably passing a bottle.  They would be in a good mood.  We just needed a story that fit.
It took about fifteen minutes, but we came to complete agreement.  The story went this way:  Once again we had shown we could reclaim the land of America for Americans.  We had enabled good American loggers to exercise their rights to log.  We had spoken to those men and they wanted to pass along their thanks to Wisconsin’s freedom fighters.  We have achieved complete and total victory over the corrupt bureaucracy.  Now we will all return to Amberg and have a huge celebration.
We thought the story would work for both our guys and the media.  The general would deliver it to our guys, Jimmy and I would deliver it to the media.  It was a good plan and we drove back to the main gathering of militia to implement it.
When we got back to Chuck’s area, we discovered the celebration had already begun.  Of course what they were celebrating was being out in the woods, eating brats with friends, and sharing several bottles.  The bottles disappeared when they saw the general drive up, but the effects of the bottles were harder to hide.  But that worked for us.  
All three of us got out of the truck.  I stepped down into the snow, but stayed very close to the truck with Jimmy standing right next to me, his arm around me in his “she’s mine” position.  The general stepped closer to the group to give his little speech while Jimmy and I smiled and nodded our agreement.  The general got a good response, especially when he announced the bar was open in Amberg.  The men had been outside for a couple hours now, and returning to a nice warm bar was very attractive.
We did have one problem – the lane was blocked.  Fifteen trucks had come in, and fifteen trucks were still lined up in the lane.  Getting them all turned around and facing the right way was going to take forever.  So the general got creative.  He told them he had a bottle of scotch for every driver who could back all the way to Town Line Road.  Most of these guys were way over the limit for a DUI, but within a minute they were driving backwards, and doing it pretty well.
With the trucks gone, the next step was to deal with the sentries.  The general said the loggers liked their trailer so much they were going to pay the militia for it.  They would be taking it with them when they returned to Pembine.  As for the two trailers the militia sentries were using, the sentries were to pull them in to town, and then the eight of them could split up all the food that was still in them.  Since the trailers had been stocked to last out here a month, these guys were real happy with this plan.  I suspect they were even more pleased they wouldn’t be spending a second January night sleeping in a trailer.
The fire lane now clear, and the sentries now soon to follow, we got back in the truck and slowly drove down the lane.  All that was left was the media waiting for us at the road.  
And that’s where the sky fell.
We were feeling pretty good as we drove up to where three media vans were standing, and all three of us got out to tell our story.  But before we could say word one, they asked us if we would look at a video and then respond.  They had a small monitor set on a stand, and around it was all three cameras so they could get our reaction as we watched.
What did we see?  Three men gathered around a home computer.  They were on Skype.  What did they have to say?  They had gone into Nicolet Forest to do some logging.  They thought it would be okay to do so.  Yesterday afternoon several militia men with machine guns strapped to their backs had driven a truck and several trailers into the area near them, blocking the fire lane and so their ability to leave.  They were told they were to live in the trailer now until the militia was done with its work.  They might have to live there for months.  They were afraid they might be shot, or freeze to death at night.  Fortunately, this morning an off-duty policeman came to them.  He and two friends had snowmobiles parked farther into the forest.  They had moved quickly and were out to the highway by noon.  They were cold and scared and very tired from walking so far through the forest, but they were grateful to be free.
What did we want to say about that?  My mind was a total blank.  It was the general who responded, and of course said exactly the wrong things and said them while three cameras were rolling.
“We came here to help poor hardworking Americans.  But of course you will never tell anyone about that, will you?  That is not the kind of news your Jew masters want to see on TV.  So you find some poor people, give them words to say, and then pretend it is the news – that you are telling the truth.  But all you really do is hide the truth.  This is all fake news.  All fake.”  At this point he kicked the monitor over and got back into our truck.  Jimmy and I were already inside.  The general hit the gas and people dodged out of the way as he turned onto Town Line Road.  The last thing the news cameras caught was him hitting seventy headed down the road.
None of us said a word, at least for a minute or two.  Then it was Jimmy’s turn to go over the edge.
“Why Jews?” he asked the general.  He wasn’t quite shouting, but it was close enough.
“Why?”  The general didn’t seem to be paying attention.  I assumed his thoughts were someplace else – like maybe the minutes before he made an idiot of himself in front of the world.
“Why do you hate Jews?  Because normal people hate Blacks, and Muslims, and liberals and lawyers.  Who hates Jews?  Who even knows any Jews?”  Now he was shouting, and I was grabbing his arms and trying to calm him.
“You don’t know any Jews?  Good for you.  Or are you afraid of them, politician boy?”  Now the general was shouting too, and he was driving eighty in a truck that should never be going over sixty.  Worse, he had decided he needed to look at Jimmy while he shouted at him.  If he looked to the right, he steered to the right.  I was certain we were destined for a snow bank, or worse.
“Did you get scared by a Jew in grade school?  Every fucking time you get stressed, out comes the Jews.  Why?”
“They killed Jesus.”
“They killed Jesus?  They killed Jesus?  Are you fucking kidding me?  Message to the general, that was two thousand years ago.  Move on.”
“Yeah well, how about the banks.  Every time I finance a new shopping center, I sit down with people telling me all about their last trip to Israel.  Every time.  They run the banks, and the banks run everything.”
“Expand you horizons, general.  You need to be a multi-purpose bigot.  The next time you decide to throw a shit fit on national TV, go with the big three – Blacks, Muslims, and immigrants.  That’s much more current.  Jews are so out of date.”
There was more of this.  It went back and forth with the volume increasing every time.  I was being deafened, and I was being battered from each side as they flung their arms around to emphasize whatever nutsy point they were making.  I was about to scream at both of them when the general braked the truck.
“Get out!” he screamed.  He screeched to a stop, Jimmy popped the door, pulled on my arm, and we were out.  The general was gone in a heartbeat.  This is January and getting out of vehicle is something you don’t do without some thought.   Fortunately, all the screaming and shouting and high speeds had gotten us to the outskirts of Amberg.  Also fortunately, the outskirts of Amberg is two blocks from the heart of Amberg.  Jimmy grabbed my hand and started walking.  I took three steps and pulled back on his hand.
“Jimmy, look at my feet.  Look at the dress you wanted me to wear.  Now think about how fast I can walk.  If you need to go fast, go fast.  I will catch up later.”  He stood and looked at me.  Whatever he wanted to say, he swallowed it and slowly walked into town with me.  He didn’t hold my hand, but at least he didn’t shout at me.  How long does it take to walk two blocks in four inch heels?  Longer than Jimmy wanted, and longer than I wanted, but that’s not the point of four inch heels is it?
When we turned the final corner, we stopped thinking about heels and walking speed.  A dozen people had gathered out front of the bar and had torn all the militia signs down.  We saw several militia emerge from the bar, there was some pushing and shoving, and they went down the street to their trucks.  As we approached another group came out, one waving a gun in the air.  “Touch me and you die.” He shouted.  He stood and stared at people daring them to touch him.  They didn’t, and he and the others also walked down the street to their trucks.
This would have been a real good time for us to just walk to our car and drive back to the lake house.  But for some reason Jimmy was determined we go back to the bar.  Why? We had plenty of liquor back at the lake house, and nobody who hated us and wanted to shout at us – I hoped.  But Jimmy led the way, and I followed.  Wow I hated that moment.  It took maybe four steps to get from the outside of their circle to the door of the bar, but those were the longest steps I ever hope to take.  I would love to never be called a Nazi again.
Inside, we found more conflict.  There were eight or ten militia guys still in the bar, and they were arguing with Morgan.
“The general promised each of us a bottle for backing our trucks out to the road.”  This from a guy who looked like he really didn’t need another drink.
“Whoever the general is, he didn’t say anything to me.”  Morgan might be lazy, but she was also stubborn.
“Morgan,” I called as I came around the bar.  “I will take care of this.”  We go through so much brandy we keep a spare case of it under the bar.  I opened the case and gave a bottle to everyone who had a hand out.  “Guys, I want you to remember the police would love to pick you up. Save the bottle until you get home.”  Of course they all agreed, and of course, most of them were lying.
Meanwhile, Jimmy had walked straight to his usual spot.  The minute he sat down, several guys came up to him.
“What’s going on?” One of the guys asked.  “Why are all our signs down?  Why are they out there yelling at us?”
“There was something on TV.  Three local guys said they didn’t need us here.”
“Wait.  You mean to tell me, I gave up two weekends to help these people and now they don’t want us?”  One guy said that but several added assorted profanity to his question.  They elaborated the profanity another layer or two, but it was all summed up best by the comment, “If they don’t want us here, fuck ‘em.”
Jimmy went into press release mode.  “Men, we came to help, and we helped.  We didn’t get the appreciation we deserved, but that happens.  There will be a next time for us, and next time it might go better, or it might be shit all over again.  In the meantime, you did good work.  Walk out of here with your heads high.” He shook their hands, and they left.  The last militia guys hit the door, bottle in hand, there was a new round of shouts and insults out on the sidewalk, and that was that. The men walked to their trucks and were gone.
Then he looked at me.  “Now that they are gone, Jess, you might want to take that coat off.”  Good idea.  I took off my camo coat, folded it, and put it on a shelf behind the bar.  When I stood up, Morgan was staring at me.
“Damn, Jessica.  I thought the skirt was short.  That top, you are practically falling out of it.”
“I’ll try to keep everything in for a while longer.”
“Jess,” Jimmy asked.  “Could I have a Jim Beam and then your company?”  I poured him his drink and then sat on the stool next to him.  He put a hand on my leg and sipped his drink.  I tried to understand why we were in the bar.  The men had gone, the whole operation was over, why were we sitting here?  If it was to drink, I wondered what kind of night I might have ahead of me.  Finally, I just asked.
“Jimmy, why are we here?”
“We need to give the general his space.”
“How long?”  I really didn’t want to sit in this drafty bar wearing next to nothing.
“Give him an hour.  An hour from now he will load Becky into the car, and they will be gone.”
“Will she be all right?”  
He looked at me like he didn’t understand the question.  “She will have a tough drive down to Waukesha, but she is a tough girl.  By tomorrow she will have his head on straight.”
“And if he sees himself on TV?”
“He won’t.  He never watches the main networks.  Well, maybe Fox.  But mostly he watches shows on websites, all of which help him see why the Jews are taking over the world.”
“And you?”
“And me what?”
“How much space do you need?”
“Let me drink my Beam, let me stare at that wall, stop with all the questions, and I’ll let you know an hour from now.”  That seemed clear enough.  That I could do.  So I shut up, and sat.  Meanwhile, the people outside drifted away, the sun set, a couple people came in for a beer, Morgan served them and read her magazines.  In short, time passed.  His hand stayed on my leg, but it was lifeless.  I felt slight twinges as his mind worked and his hand responded, but mostly, he was there, but not there.
An hour passed, and then an hour and a half.  He never moved.  Finally I decided I needed to act.  “Jimmy.”  I said.  He turned in my general direction, but he wasn’t really seeing me yet.  “Jimmy, it is time to go home.”  He sat another minute, then got up.
“Yes, it is time.”  He led the way out the door.  I had no coat now, but I followed along.  I would be warm again when we got to the lake house.  
The car heater finally put out some heat just about a hundred yards from the house.  But at least we were there.  Jimmy pulled into the garage.  It was a three car garage and we were the only car.  I took that to mean all the others had gone, and I was right.  We walked into a silent house.
“Time to change for dinner,” Jimmy told me.
“Change?”
“It is Saturday.  We wear formal attire for dinner.”
“Jimmy, we are alone.”
“It is Saturday, Jess.  We wear formal attire. The Swansons will be here soon, but they will not need you tonight.  Just go up and change.  I will put my tux on a little later, but I would like us to come down for drinks at seven.”  This of course, made no sense.  But I went along. I wasn’t going to argue with him.  He went into his office, and I went upstairs to change.
I got my heels off instantly and then hung up my T&A.  The next step was my dressing table where I could comb out my windblown hair and touch up my makeup.  This would have been a good time to think through what I was doing.  Should I leave, should I stay?  Maybe he would hurt me, maybe he wouldn’t.  I might have explored my feelings for him, evaluated his virtues, or thought of possible futures together.  But I didn’t do any of that.  I discovered the only thing in the mush between my ears was desire.  I wanted Jimmy.  And please don’t ask me why.  I could no more tell you now than I could back then.  I wanted Jimmy.  It was that simple.
When I was satisfied with the face I saw in the mirror, I went into the closet to pick the sexiest formal I had.  It was an easy choice.  They had ordered me a dark blue satin gown that looked pencil thin and would emphasize every curve I had.  I tried it on and managed to get it over my hips, but I was not sure I could get the zipper closed.  Now I saw why the girls had ordered a corset for me.  I took off the dress and rummaged around my dresser until I found it.
At this point, I started plotting.  Jimmy would be coming up soon.  How did I want him to find me?  First, I put on a long half slip.  The gown didn’t need it, but the point was for Jimmy to see me wearing it when he came up.  Then I started working on the corset.  The lacings were crazy, but that gave me another idea.  I got part of it done up, then I waited for Jimmy to come up and “help.”  
He did several minutes later, and I stood with my backside practically in his crotch while he laced me up.  He pulled tight, and I liked it.  I felt each time he pulled on the laces.  And he paused each time.  He pulled me back against him, and I pushed my ass into him.  And then he would do another set of eyes.  And pause.  I leaned my head back against his chest and waited while he did another.  I was smiling, and he could look down on my face to see it.  We were playing with each other.  I didn’t count how many eyes the laces went through, but I was grateful there were so many.  I know he was too.
I stood as close as I could and still let his hands work.  When he was done, I thanked him with a kiss.  I could see what Katie had said about back support.  What she hadn’t said was how hard it would now be to bend, twist, or breathe.  But when he was done, it felt like his arms were permanently around me.  I liked that and I kissed him again.  He kissed back, and I was beginning to think I was getting his attention.
Corset on, I tried the dress again.  It fit, but I took a long time pulling it on.  He was now in the closet putting on his pants and shirt.  I made sure I stood where he could see me as I pulled that gown on as slowly as a dress had ever been raised.  I don’t know what you call the opposite of a strip tease, maybe just a tease.  I was certainly doing that.  And of course, after I slowly brought the top of the gown over my breasts, I asked Jimmy if he could zip me up.  He did, but then he wrapped him arms around me and held me to him.  I was making progress.
When he let me go, I found the matching heels and walked into the bedroom to put them on.  The dress was unbelievable tight.  It emphasized the hips by tapering the skirt almost tight at the knees, and even narrower at the ankles.  There was a vent at the back of the calves so it was possible to walk, but it was just barely possible.  I decided I would sit on the bed to put on my heels, and then I just stayed there, waiting for him.
When he was done dressing, he came to me.  I let him look for a while, then I held up one hand so he could help me to my feet.  I stood just inches from him and let him look.  I hoped he was looking and seeing the obvious.  In this dress I could not run from him.  It said, I am here, I am yours, take me.  I half hoped he would put me back on the bed, and we would do it right then and there.  
Instead he said, “You are a gift.”  The right words, the right man, the right moment.
I put my hand on his arm, and we walked to the landing.  I had no idea if it was even possible to do stairs in this gown.  I was on his right side, with my left hand on his arm.  Practically in a panic I reached across with my right hand and grabbed his arm as we did the first few steps.  He was patient and took his time.  Once we were halfway down I dropped my right hand to my side, raise my eyes, and tried to end the descent looking like one of those grand ladies entering a ballroom.  I managed not to fall on my ass.
We walked to the bar and he poured our drinks – white wine for me, Jim Beam for him.  We stood looking at each other for a minute, then he led me to one of the leather chairs that faced the fireplace. It was a deep overstuffed chair, but it was a chair for one.  I liked where this was heading.  He sat down, then I sat on his lap.  He put an arm around my shoulders and pulled me to his chest.  I set the wine on a table, put my free hand on his chest, and my head on his shoulder.  He alternated between sipping his Beam and groping me.
“Let’s do this,” he finally said. “Let’s not talk about what has been going on the last couple weeks, and let’s not talk about whatever might be next.  OK?”  I nodded into his shoulder.  Now what?  Finally I thought of something to say.
“It is too bad this house has no value.  I really like it.”  And I did.  I loved the two story ceiling and the stonework.  Even though we had never made a fire in the fireplace, it was still beautiful.
“There are easily two hundred fishing mansions just like this.  I think the original owner must have taken pictures of other places, or he used the same architect all the others use.  They are all finished rustic on the outside, inside there is a great room, a ‘library’ for poker, a dining room – usually with stuffed fish on all the walls, and lots of bedrooms for the guests.”
“You have been to these places?”
“Yes, Mac and the General and others of their friends have had me on four or five fishing trips.”
“Do you like fishing?”
“That’s not the point.  You don’t do male bonding at the opera.  You take guys off for four or five days, you fish, you drink, and somewhere in that trip is a ten minute conversation that was the purpose for it all.”  He put down his Beam so he could talk.  That freed his hand to slide all over my thigh and then my ass.  Whenever he touched my ass I kissed his neck.  I was hoping he was getting the message.
“This is when they became you supporters?”
“These guys only support themselves.  Mind if I tell you a long story?”
“Keep your hand where it is and you can talk all night.”  What I was really thinking though was, Jesus Jimmy.  There is a nice carpet on the floor.  What do you think – right here, right now?  But he kept talking.
“Back in the day, there were thousands of small town big shots.  They owned the mill, so they own the town.  They may have paid lousy wages and run unsafe plants, but they could always be counted up to sponsor a new swimming pool or senior center.  They had their world, and they kept it well maintained.”
“Sounds like Bill Amberg.  He was the quarry guy here.”
“There was an endless supply of those guys.  But eventually they bought each other out, the big got bigger – too big to be concerned with a particular town, after all, they did business all over the country or all over the world.”  He moved his hand to my breast and I kissed his neck again.  He had really good hands.
“So no more swimming pools.”  I was really proud of myself.  I could still carry on a conversation.
“No, the local stuff went away.  But these guys still want to have an influence, just now it is bigger stuff.  They want more guns or fewer guns, schools to teach this or that, they all have some idea that they want to make happen.  Some way to make the world better – at least better from their point of view.”
“And they want to use you to do that.”
“Which is funny.  I have been caught with my hand in the cookie jar a couple times.  That didn’t scare them off.  In fact Mac once told me, ‘I never work with Puritans.’”  
I was thinking if I sort of fell out of the chair onto the floor, would he get the idea?  On the other hand, I really liked what he was doing with my breast.  I closed my eyes, leaned into him, and listened.  What more did he say?  At this point I was only getting bits and pieces.  Something about coordinating, and affiliating.  Apparently these guys had ambitions.  I had Jimmy’s hand on me.
At some point the Swansons either made a noise, or stood where Jimmy could see them and he decided it was time to go in to dinner.  I was in no great hurry to get up from his lap, but I finally did it, and we walked hand in hand to the dining room.
The Swansons had done a very nice job.  They had set us in our usual seats, but they had put flowers in the middle of the table (or had Jimmy asked for that?), which added color, but they had selected short varieties so they did not block the view between us.  They had also taken a couple leaves out of the table so we needn’t shout at each other.  But they had left enough in so it still felt grand.  I sat up straight, my hands in my lap, looking down the table at Jimmy.  He raised his wine glass and said, “to you.”
What more can I say about that dinner?  The food was good, and we talked about nothing.  I mentioned how much I liked the candelabra and the rest of the lighting in the room.  Jimmy said he liked the candle light on my chest.  I felt my shoulders slide back.  We had the usual three courses, with the usual wine pairings, and an extra helping of stares and smiles.
What next?  I walked with Jimmy back to the great room and found the sound system on the side board.  Katie had left her CD.  I turned it on, and we danced.  I had my arms around his neck and my head on his shoulder.  He had his hands exactly where I wanted them.  We slow danced four songs and then I decided that was enough.  I turned off the music and said, “This is where you take me upstairs and have your way with me.”  He put my hand on his arm and led me to our room.
This is where I teased him again.  I asked him to unzip my dress, and I stood inches from him as I ever so slowly took it off.  I hung up the dress standing in my underwear, deciding exactly how it should be hung, and taking care that it fit on the hanger just right, basically staying close and staying half naked.  When I thought I had milked that for all it was worth, I stripped, but for some reason I left the corset on.  I thought it might be fun if he took it off me in bed.  Back at my dresser I found a deep red nighty with spaghetti straps and enough elastic mixed with the satin that it clung to me all the way down my thighs.  Gift wrap.
I slid into bed and he followed, but rather than get right on me, he turned me onto my stomach and put my arms behind my back.  He then took off one of the pillow cases and started wrapping it around my wrists.  I could have said “no” and resisted at this point, but I had made myself vulnerable to him all evening.  This seemed like a reasonable continuation.  He put knots in the cloth.  They were firm, but not tight.  He held me, but did not hurt me.
When he was done, I rolled onto my back, thinking that is what he wanted, but he brought me back onto my side facing him.  He put an arm under my neck, arranged a pillow for both our heads, and held me with both hands.  I pushed myself up against him, and kissed him.  He kissed me, and ran his hands all over me, and I really wanted him to get on with it.  But he didn’t.  We stayed that way all night.  I slowly fell asleep.  I woke several times in the night when I felt his hands on my breast or when he kissed me, and I started to roll onto my back, but that’s not what he wanted.  He pulled me back onto my side, and up against him.  He was warm, I was confused, the night was long.



Chapter 25
Farewell and Hello

I woke up about dawn and decided I was going to have to take the lead.  We had now set a world record for foreplay.  Enough was enough.  I gathered my legs under me and pushed at him.  I pushed him onto his back and slid on top of him.  If my hands had been free I could have gotten him inside me.  As it was, I came close.
But he pushed me onto my back, and even wrapped some of the sheet around my ankles to hold me.
“What’s going on?”  Seemed like a reasonable question.
“I need to talk to some people.”
“And you can’t fuck me first?”
“Patience.”
He slid out of bed, pulled on a robe, and disappeared down the stairs.  I heard his office door open.  And I knew what was going on.  He needed people to tell him if he had a future.  If he did, I was up here, a celebratory fuck.  If he didn’t, well, maybe I still got fucked, or maybe I didn’t.  Either way, it was up to me to lie up there and wait.  I thought maybe I could kick my ankles free of the sheets, but why bother.  Where was I going to go?  He wouldn’t want me in his office.
So I laid back.  Patience.
I waited.  Apparently his future was complicated.  Two hours passed.  I guessed he was dealing with emails, some videos, some social media, and some phone calls.  Yesterday had been a pretty big mess, so maybe it was good his verdict was taking so long.  When the General had kicked over that television monitor I would have thought it was all over for everyone.  A five minute phone call should have confirmed that.  But he was still communicating with people after two hours.  Was that a good sign?
I wanted my hands free, and my hair out of my face.  And I have to admit, my enthusiasm for sex was fading fast.  Whatever news he was getting from his office, might not be matched by news from his bedroom.
And then he returned.  A smile on his face, he sat on the edge of the bed and leaned down over me.  He played with the hair that had fallen across my face and waited for me to ask.
“They are okay with what you did.”  Trust me to state the obvious.
“I’m a ‘disruptor’.  I got action out of a dead weight bureaucracy and ruffled lots of liberal feathers in the process.  My methods are crude, but I got results.”
“So you have a future?”
“Maybe a big one.  First, it’s an appointed position in Waukesha County.  But there is a path to bigger things.  And, they say I can bring you.”
Big smile on his part.  Lesser smile from me.
“And if they had said you can’t bring me?”
How do you describe a smiling fading away?  Something about the eyes.  And the edges of the mouth shrinking inward while the lower lip pushes out a bit.  His face did all of that in an instant, and then he struggled to rebuild the original smile.  But it wasn’t the same smile.
“I think we can be good together, Jess.”
“I think we could too.  But it wouldn’t just be you and me.  It would be you and me and them.”
“You’d get used to it.”
“No.  I wouldn’t.”  Long pause while we stared at each other.  I was the one who ended up saying what needed to be said.  “I’m not going with you.  I don’t like those people, and I never will.  You get me, or you get them.  We are not a package deal.”
“This is important, Jess.  It’s an opportunity.  For you, as well as me.”
“You don’t need their permission to fuck me.  Go ahead.  You have me all positioned for you.  You can have your celebration fuck and leave, or your good bye fuck and leave, or you can just leave.  But I’m not going anywhere.”
“It’s going to take me some time to pack.”  He was still leaning over me, his face inches from mine.  “Think this through.  You can do better than a crappy bar at the ass end of the universe.”  Nice combination of insult and encouragement.
“Good bye, Jimmy.”  I just lay still and waited.  
Finally he got up, and he did exactly what he said.  He got dressed, filled a suitcase and travel bag, and carried them out to his car.  I had maybe twenty minutes to rethink my decision.  Did I rethink it?  No.  My decision was made when I saw the smile fade on his face.  If they had said “no Jessica,” he would have agreed.  I know it.  The man only had one love in his life – his own ambitions.
He left with what I am sure he felt was a generous offer.  
“Last chance, Jess.”  I just shook my head.  He stood and looked down at me.  “I know you like this place.  The rent is paid until the end of the week.  Stay and enjoy it.”  
I thought he might lean over and kiss me at that point, but he didn’t.  Nor did he try to untie my wrists.  He stood over me, smiled pleasantly (after all, I was a potential voter) and then left.  I heard him close the back door and then I heard his car crunch on the snow while the garage door closed.  He was gone. 
I stayed in bed.  I even drifted off to sleep.  When I woke up a couple hours had passed, and, no, he had not come back.  No tearful apology.  He was gone.  
I kicked my legs free of the sheets and walked down to the kitchen.  Sliding a knife between your wrists to cut off bindings is tougher than it looks on TV, but I got it done.  I don’t know who was going to pay for the pillow case, but it wasn’t going to be me.  Jimmy hadn’t even paid me for my days as his hostess.  Slick Jimmy.
I decided I would keep the place another day.  Why not go all out one last time.  I worked on my hair and makeup, then put on the ice blue T&A, plus hose and heels.  And yes, I saw what Morgan meant about practically falling out of that dress.  And I was fine with that.  Good for me.
I went downstairs and looked out the windows.  No cars, just an endless expanse of white.  In the kitchen I found the Swansons had left me a yogurt.  I took that and a cup of coffee into the dining room and had breakfast there.  I didn’t light the candles, but even just sitting unlit, I thought they looked beautiful.  Would I ever sit in a room like this again?  No, but I was enjoying the moment.
After breakfast I found the chair we had sat in last night, curled my legs up under me, and looked out at the lake – and the lake road.  After about an hour I realized I was being pathetic.  I had been left before.  I could deal with it.
I went upstairs and made our bed, then changed.  I found the box for the heels, and hung the T&A back up.  I decided I would go with one of the new day dresses.  I picked one with Beckie’s usual explosions of colors, short sleeves, flared skirt almost to the knees.  I liked it.  Then I started packing.  I would take it all.  My girls might like a couple items, I could use the day dresses to update my wardrobe, and the rest?  It would go to second hand stores and likely be the talk of this spring’s prom.
The shoes went into their own boxes, then the boxes went into the original huge cardboard box.  It took my old suitcase and the other cardboard boxes to hold all the underwear they had bought.  Dresses went into dress bags.  That done, I started carrying to the door.  I found my old boots in a back room and put them on, but my coat was still at the bar.  So I wrapped a big towel around my shoulders like shawl and started taking things out to my truck.  Boxes went back in the truck bed, dresses went behind my seat or on the passenger seat.  I think I counted seven trips to the truck.
After the truck was loaded, I went back in the house, and once more sat in that chair.  I know, it was wishful thinking, but I did it anyway.  I sat so long, I even drifted off.  When I woke, I could see the sun was already getting lower.  It was time to go.  I locked up the house, got in my truck, and headed for town.
Where did I go?  The bar of course.  It was my connection to the world, and maybe the one place in the world where I was in charge.  It wasn’t much of a world to command, but it was mine, and I wanted to be there now.
Morgan wasn’t real pleased to see me.  Now she would have to read her magazines someplace else.  But I explained we would return to normal hours.  I would see she got paid for her work, telling Clark I had been sick.  She left and I dealt with the usual Packer Sunday crowd.  This wasn’t their year to go all the way.  They lost to Pittsburgh by two touchdowns.  End of their playoff run.  The bar cleared out pretty fast after the game ended.
About six, Zeke came in.  He asked for a beer, and I brought it to him.
“So how has your time up here worked out?” I asked.
“There were some good days, and some bad days.”
“I think you might have gone snowmobiling yesterday.”
“It was a nice morning, and people kept telling me how beautiful Nicolet Forest is at dawn.”
“If I were to summarize your time here, I would say you helped a damsel in distress, and you rescued three loggers in a trailer.”
“The damsel did pretty fine on her own.”  He looked at me, I looked at him, it was one of those moments, you know?  I was at a loss to follow up.  He held out a hand, and I took it.
“What you did for the damsel,” I finally said, “mattered.  Thank you.”  He just smiled.  It was a nice smile.  “You should smile more,” I said.
“I think I might.”
“So what happens next?”  I asked.
“I will sip a couple beers, I will smile more, and if I am a lucky man, after you close you will invite me to your trailer where we can discuss where you would like to live permanently.”
He really did have a nice smile.

The End


