








The Book of Five Worlds

Book III

The Road between Gods and Monsters

By ‘Dangerous’ Walker

Copyright Grahame Walker 2014
Published at Smashwords



CONTENTS
Books by the author
PROLOGUE
CHAPTER I
CHAPTER II
CHAPTER III
CHAPTER IV
CHAPTER V
CHAPTER VI 
CHAPTER VII
CHAPTER VIII
CHAPTER IX
CHAPTER X
CHAPTER XI
CHAPTER XII
CHAPTER XIII
CHAPTER XIV
CHAPTER XV
CHAPTER XVI
CHAPTER XVII
CHAPTER XVIII
CHAPTER XIX
CHAPTER XX
CHAPTER XXI
CHAPTER XXII
CHAPTER XXIII
CHAPTER XXIV
CHAPTER XXV
CHAPTER XXVI
CHAPTER XXVII
CHAPTER XXVIII
CHAPTER XXIX
CHAPTER XXX
CHAPTER XXXI
CHAPTER XXXII
CHAPTER XXXIII
EPILOGUE
Welcome to the Walkerverse (connect with the author)
About the author
BOOKS BY THE AUTHOR

ADVENTURES IN SPACE
TSAR TRILOGY
1. THE TRIMEDIAN
2. TEARS OF WAR
3. STRANGERS
Pray for Rain (Part 1)
Pray for Rain (Part 2)

THE BOOK OF FIVE WORLDS
1. THE FORSHADOW OF BALANCE
2. FIVE TASKS
3. THE ROAD BETWEEN GODS AND MONSTERS

SOUTHERN HUNTER
IN THE VALLEY OF ELAH
THE HAUNTING OF BERKELEY SQUARE
PROLOGUE
The Black Queen was furious as she looked from the window of her tower. They feared her, they feared her wrath and rightly so, but this had meant that they had tried to deal with things alone. The uprising in Sylvae had come so quickly that she had not learnt of it until it was all over. They had tried to quell it without her knowledge instead of letting her bring the full force of her power and her armies to crush it. And they had failed her.
The rebellion had then spread to Hokino, and though she had not been notified as soon as she should, she was aware in enough time to command her armies to take hold of the World and begin to muster forces to quell what had begun. She was not worried by the Magician’s Star nor the True King, she had defeated them before and would do so again. No, what worried her more was that there was someone, or someones, out there spearheading it all. Someone had changed the Balance, was changing the Balance and she wanted to know who.
She had sent people out to find out and they had apparently failed, as it was painfully obvious that the Stones of Aremis had been returned to the Star. This concerned her in two ways. Firstly that he, she or they (she thought it was the latter) was powerful enough to best the five protectors and secondly that they were leading the rebellion across the Worlds.
She knew now that there was more to this, she knew that he had used her, but with that knowledge came the power to change things, but it also meant that whoever was spearheading the rebellion could be more than she might otherwise have thought. To her discredit she had only learned of the Three Woes in time to learn that one, TKomptos the Traveller, had been seen here in Chinerthia and that the so-called Fury was once again free in the Worlds. That could not be a coincidence. No, she thought that when she took power her she had stepped into a long-standing war that had been dormant, but now reawakened. 
No matter, she had Sophoi between herself and whoever was coming and she would stop them there. The rebellion would be crushed and she would use this war to her advantage. Already she could see ways, already she understood the Book better. The Balance was changing, but that could work to her advantage. She felt alive again, as she had when she had first come here a-conquering.
She would not take chances though. She would send some of the Varkurn to Sophoi, that World of peace and so-called wisdom. They would hunt down whoever was coming while the people would live in fear of her and her armies. It was time to show some of her true might to the new generations who had never seen her terrible fury.
She walked over to the Book. Her precious book, that which had given her powers she had never known, but she was afeared by it. She had looked into the Magic, she had felt great tremors across it, spikes that had not before been seen as well as whispers and tremblings. She looked for the heart of these things, but she could not other than from Alter of Delatarius. There were serious forces out there and if they held the power to change the Balance she should be able to find them, but she could not. The sense was dull, a grey fog. Had she misunderstood the Book? Did it not work for her, but for its own purposes? Or was there someone out there with the power to blind her? 
It worried her. 
She thought again on her visitor, the trickster, and wondered how far she could trust his words. Such as they were, for they did not shed enough light nor as much light as she knew he had. But he had shed enough for her to go back to the Book and understand more of it. He had given her context within which to read, context that even her wisest counsellor did not fully know or understand.
But she did not trust him. He was up to his own games as she was up to hers and others were up to theirs, but she had an advantage. They all underestimated her, talked to her as if she were below them, but they didn’t know her, didn’t understand her and their misreading, their egotism would be their failure and her success.
She turned back to her Book, she still had much to do as she trusted her Varkurn to find whoever was coming for her and when she had dealt with them she would deal with the others. 

CHAPTER I

“I have to leave you,” d’Gaz said.
“You can’t,” Connor protested.
“It is too dangerous,” d’Gaz shook his head. “The Fury of Medraza will come looking for me.”
“Then you will need a Magician to help you,” Kaitlin replied.
“No,” he shook his head further. “Btolomy told me that the Fury absorbed his Magic. That’s a new one on me, but even without that defence he would destroy you.”
“But we know nothing of this World, how will we find Fownan?” Connor pleaded.
“Enough, Connor of the Shed,” d’Gaz scolded. “You are not the naïve man that entered the Portal; you have seen lots, survived lots. The two of you will not struggle to find your way. Still, we will travel together to the nearest port.”
“The least you can do is tell us what you know of the World while we ride,” Kaitlin placated.
There were, according to d’Gaz two great continents opposite each other on Sophoi, Haalva and Uto, the rest of the land was made up of islands of various sizes. Hundreds of thousands of them. The Mark here, d’Gaz reminded them, was of wisdom and to a lesser extent, spirituality. To Sophoins technology was merely a tool, understanding that led to inner peace and that was what was important. Some of this came from the fact that most of the population lived on islands isolated from each other. This led to small communities that needed to work together to survive. It was also attributed to the oceans. Most of the population lived surrounded by the ocean and its vastness; it’s never ending to and fro, swash and backwash, affected how the people saw life. Who were they compared to the great and mighty waters?
Like Hokino, the Chinerthians had let the Sophoins continue to rule themselves, yet even more freely than the Hokinoans. Sophoins hadn’t had so much as a battle in hundreds of years and were not seen to be the least bit threatening to Chinerthia. In fact, the Sophoins had taken their invasion with thought and acceptance. This was the way that it was, the World turned and things changed. Sometimes the Ocean was stormy, sometimes it was calm, but it was always as it was.
%%%
They had arrived at the city of Port Haylet late in the evening and had a quiet meal and gone to bed exhausted from the long and bumpy journey on the horse and cart. Connor was greatly pleased to see that Kaitlin had made a full recovery; the Magic returning to Hokino had refilled her. That was the way he thought of it. The Cult of Warena had drained her like a glass of water and somehow the returning Magic to the Magician’s Star had refilled the glass.
After d’Gaz had gone to bed, Connor and Kaitlin had decided to rise early to catch him. They both agreed that he would try to leave without goodbyes and fanfare.
The next morning they were already at a table when d’Gaz came down from his room.
“Thought I’d slip away, did you?” he asked with a wry smile.
“It seems like your style,” Connor replied.
“Aye, not one for farewells. Or people trying to make me reconsider,” he said seriously.
“You have set your path, d’Gaz, or rather it has been set for you,” Kaitlin said. “Sit.”
d’Gaz sat and sighed before rubbing a hand across his stubble.
“You are more right than you know, Kaitlin.”
“Tell us, d’Gaz, tell us before you leave. You and Mattaeus know more than you share.”
“So be it, Connor of the Shed. I tell you the truth that a lot of what I will say is speculation. You must understand that.”
“Whatever you know,” Connor said.
“It’s hard to know where to start, what you need to know. Well, the first thing you need to know is to be wary. You are a powerful Magician, Kaitlin and you will continue to get closer to Chinerthia. There is a chance that the Black Queen will sense you. Hopefully the returning Magic of Hokino will help to mask that.”
“We will be aware, d’Gaz,” Kaitlin said.
“So, the other stuff,” he scratched his stubble. “I think, and I really do only think that this is bigger than our Quest. There are things happening; people like Tocoda and the Fury appearing. Perhaps it is because the Balance is changing, but I don’t think it is that alone. Perhaps this time would always have come and your arrival in the Four Worlds merely ignited it.
“You have seen the Princesses, they do not come about for merely human trials, the Balance does not affect them. I fear older foes have a hand in this, have something to gain by the change in the Balance.”
“So, are you saying that our Quest is not important?” Connor asked grimly.
“No. You, and all of us have a road that is set; the Worlds are still in the grip of the Black Queen. Our Quest is important in freeing all people from that, but there may be more that we should be aware of.”
“Why did you not say something earlier?” Kaitlin asked.
“I’m not sure of it myself. Mattaeus would know, but such things as these he will keep to himself.”
“Why would he not tell us things that may save us?” Kaitlin asked distressed.
“Because they do not concern you, only the Quest concerns you,” d’Gaz slumped a little. “And, look, maybe he hasn’t said anything because there is nothing to say; perhaps I am wrong about it all. The important thing, the thing Mattaeus believes, is that we free the Four Worlds.”
“I don’t like it,” Connor said.
“No,” Kaitlin agreed.
“But it is Right. We started this Quest to gain the Book of Five Worlds and free the people and that is what we should focus on.”
“Except we are not are we?” Kaitlin asked. “You say that Bell has gone to this Abterrne and you are leaving us.”
d’Gaz shook his head.
“It is not the same. These are things that must be done to complete our Quest. We cannot fight our way through Chinerthia with the Fury also chasing us.”
“So be it, d’Gaz, I’m sure you are itching to get onto the ocean once more.”
d’Gaz grinned.
“That I am. I’ve always considered moving here to roam the oceans, maybe when this is all done that will be what I do.”
“Good luck to you, d’Gaz, may the Righteous watch over you.”
“I think that could be the problem. Remember my words, the Black Queen will know of the return of the Stones of Aremis and she will have her spies out trying to find out how and why.”
“I will look after her,” Connor said and then blushed.
“I know you will,” d’Gaz smiled. “Now let us eat heartily before we travel on.”
CHAPTER II

“Sylvaens. Dangerous for you to be here,” the woman said sitting down.
“We look not for company,” Lucas warned.
“But company you will get. Chinerthian company.”
“Why would they bother us?” Lucas asked.
“Rebellion in Sylvae and rumour of it in Hokino. And then here are two Sylvaens near the Portal. It would be enough to ask questions.”
“We cannot be questioned,” Dylan said.
“Hush.”
The woman smiled. She was tall, perhaps as tall as Lucas and her body was, not fat, thought Dylan, but large and curvy. She wore a dark green dress that had white lines running across and up and down to make squares. The dress was very open at the top and Dylan looked away blushing as he thought it.
“I saw you and came over only because Chinerthian soldiers are making inspections along this road, looking for people.”
“What kind of people?” Dylan asked.
“Those who might help in rebellions. Here or on other Worlds.”
“A man and a boy could not start a rebellion,” Lucas said drinking some ale.
“You’ll be taken just the same.”
“Or perhaps you are a Chinerthian spy trying to trick us,” Dylan said realising why Lucas was so cagey.
“Very wise, young man, but I am not. I look for ways to destroy their grip on my World. Stay or come, it is nothing to me, but everything to you.”
Dylan looked at Lucas who looked at Dylan.
“We can’t get arrested,” Dylan said.
“No,” Lucas sighed. “That we cannot.”
“Then come, we will use the back entrance,” the woman said standing.
They too stood up and followed her through the inn and out of a door. Lucas had one hand to his axe, ready for a nasty surprise, but the little alleyway behind the wooden buildings was deserted.
“This way.”
They followed her through the streets, keeping to back streets and alleyways as much as possible. It was a fairly large town from what Dylan had seen and it was on the road from the Portal. He could hear the bustle from the streets and once what he thought was the marching of many feet. It scared Dylan a little, but he could never be too scared with Lucas by his side.
They had only stopped there to rest a little, eat and get directions. Little did they know that d’Gaz, Connor and Kaitlin had been through there only four hours before them, but they had only stopped briefly as d’Gaz knew the way to Port Haylet. In fact both Dylan and Lucas thought that those three were behind them, not knowing that d’Gaz had known a quicker route and not stopped to help the city on the road out of Golgathlind. They had talked about waiting for them there to catch up, but Lucas had said that the plan was to meet at the Capital City and so that was what they would do. But now everything had changed.
Now they were coming to a house and the woman opened the door and beckoned them in. Again Lucas put one hand to his axe, ready for an ambush, but instead they were greeted with what smelled like fresh coffee.
“Is that Ka-Vey?”
“Could be, it’s what we call Ga Feh. I brew my own, it stinks out the whole house I’m afraid,” she frowned.
“I think it smells wonderful,” Dylan said.
“Why thank you, young man,” she smiled again. “There is something else I brew that might be more to your taste… I’m sorry I know not your names.”
“I’m Dylan and this is Lucas,” Dylan introduced.
“I am Dawna. What is it that you say? How do we go?”
“It is well,” Lucas replied. “I hope.”
Dawna laughed.
“It is well, I assure you. Now, Lucas, I also brew my own ale if that would take your fancy.”
“Lead on,” Lucas said taking his hand away from his axe. Surely Chinerthians did not brew ale.
Now they sat at a stout wooden table in Dawna’s kitchen. Lucas had an ale in front of him and Dylan drank a drink made from a local fruit. It was sparkling like a soda and was really refreshing; he needed it after such a long time on a horse.
“By thunder, but this ale is good,” Lucas said finishing his second mug.
“Thank you,” Dawna smiled.
“And this too, may I have another?”
“Of course, you must be parched having been in that sandy world.”
“The grass is coming back,” Dylan said excitedly.
“Dylan,” Lucas warned.
“Is it now? I suppose it would now that the Magic seems to be returning.”
“Now it is your time to talk to us,” Lucas said. “Why did you help us? You said you wanted to end Chinerthian rule, but I did not think Sophoins fought.”
“We do not. Fighting is such a waste. That being so, why would we want to be ruled by such a barbaric people?”
“Do you have people who fight them?” Dylan asked.
“There have been attempts, but as Lucas says, we are not a fighting people. It is so senseless to us, we don’t know how.”
“We can fight,” Dylan said.
“No, Dylan, that is not the plan,” Lucas said.
“But it is the plan. That’s why we’re here, to set the Worlds free.”
“Dylan,” Lucas scolded and looked up a Dawna. 
He expected her eyes to narrow, to smile in victory and for Chinerthian Guards to burst through the door, but she merely looked from him to Dylan and back again.
“What do you mean?” she asked.
“Do not open your mouth, young Guardian,” Lucas warned.
“Guardian?” she asked and Lucas groaned at his stupidity.
“She saved us, she wants to free Sophoi and we don’t know anybody here. We need help, Lucas.”
“You said you could not be arrested, you really do have something to do with the rebellions.”
“We do,” Lucas admitted. “Along with our friends.”
“Where are your friends?”
“We got separated, we have to meet them in Fownan,” Dylan explained.
“I think you better come and see someone with me,” Dawna said slowly. “He will be able to aid you better than I.”
%%%
They rode out of the town in Dawna’s horse and cart. Dylan sat in the back as Lucas drove with Dawna sitting next to him. They talked and, though Dylan could not hear what they said, they both laughed a lot. That was good. He had never heard Lucas truly laugh and he was happy that he was getting the chance. They did not have a lot to laugh about. Only now, hearing Lucas laugh, did he realise how much pressure they had all been living under. He thought about the five tasks they had performed to get the Stones of Aremis back. The Halls of Kymer and huge Kroetins that had guarded the Stone; he thought of the dragon and the Forest of Duncarth where they had fought those bird people and met Cyclo the Wicked. The puzzles they had solved to get there. He thought of the cave he had fought through to get the last Stone. Had got through it alone, had beaten the tests of both strength and mind before nearly being drowned.
And where were they now? Were the others facing more trials? Were they in Sophoi yet? What was his Dad doing? Was he safe? Had he saved Kaitlin? There were so many questions and no answers except the bright green light that had come from the Capital City behind them. Lucas thought that meant they had got the last Stone to the Magician’s Star and that would mean they had won, they were alright, but Dylan wasn’t so sure. Yes, they seemed to have won, but that meant nothing, any of them could have been killed.
He choked back tears as the idea of his Dad dying sprang to mind.
No.
He wasn’t going to think of such things, that wouldn’t help him, couldn’t help him. His Dad would be alright. And Kaitlin, and all of them.
As they neared the end of their journey the wind picked up and the smell of salt in the air was more distinctive. Dylan stood up and steadied himself by holding onto Lucas’ shoulders. He could see the ocean over Lucas’ shoulder, could see sea birds flying around. It was almost the same as back on Earth, except a number of the birds looked big even from this distance.
“The Antariun Ocean,” Dawna told him.
“It’s beautiful,” he replied.
And it was, the sea around England was nothing like this; the water was a bright blue and the Sun sparkled across it. There was a sense of distance that he had never felt on the beaches of Eastern England. Out in the distance he could see ships and boats. Some were big, some were small, some were near and some were just a dot on the distant horizon. Even from here he could see that there were also islands.
“There are islands,” he said.
“Oh, yes. I was just telling Lucas. There are two continents, you are on one now, and then the rest of the World is oceans, seas and islands. Who knows how many? Not me,” she laughed.
They entered the shore-side town; it was moderately busy with people walking to and from boats that were pulled up onto the beach.
“Fishing town,” Dawna said. “The main port is Port Haylet along the coast.”
“We will need to get there,” Lucas said.
“You will, but not yet. Please meet DeWilder first.”
They trundled through the street and stopped at a house that looked like all the others. Dawna got down and motioned for them to do the same. Dylan was glad to be off the bumpy cart and he walked in a circle to stretch out his muscles. Dawna went in as he did so and reappeared after a few minutes. 
“Come, come,” Dawna urged from the door, looking up and down the street.
They entered the one story house and straight into a living room. A man walked in from what must be a kitchen as he held a tray of Ga Feh.
“Oh, a boy,” he said with a start and hurriedly put the tray on a low table and went back out of the room.
“Sit, sit,” Dawna invited.
They sat on rather comfortable armchairs around the low table with the tray and Dawna handed Lucas a drink.
“I’d rather it be your ale,” he smiled.
“You can come back anytime,” she smiled back at him.
Dylan felt a little uncomfortable as the man re-entered with another of the fizzy drinks. A different flavour, but just as nice.
“Right so what is this all about?” he asked.
“I found them in an inn in Tanenden. There were Chinerthian Guards searching inns all along the street. I couldn’t leave Sylvaens to be taken in.”
“No, no, very well not,” the man said having taken a chair.
He was a small, balding man wearing neat clothes that looked out of place compared to those Dylan had seen in the streets. His hair was dark and combed neatly with a neat little moustache.
“Especially not the Fifth Worlder,” he said calmly.
“This is a trick,” Lucas cried jumping up and grabbing at the axe he had laid next to the chair.
“If it were, she would have left you to the Chinerthians back in Tanenden,” the man spoke.
“How do you know?” Dylan asked.
“Magic is not confined to Hokino, is it?”
“No. We know two Magicians,” Dylan agreed.
“Two Magicians from Sylvae, you say? Not related are they?”
“Why?” Lucas asked suspiciously.
“Please, do sit,” the man said.
“Who are you?” Lucas asked back.
“My apologies, my name is DeWilder. How do we go?”
“It is well,” Dylan said. “It is well, Lucas.”
“Oh, very well,” Lucas said sitting and propping his axe next to him.
“It’s a mighty big axe,” the man commented.
“Lucas is right though,” Dylan said. “Why?”
“There are stories of the Twin Magicians from the Yokum Rebellion and the defence of Columbina Port and after that nothing.”
“What of it?” Lucas asked.
“There is a story of a man, a powerful Magician from this World, a place called Danol. He was invited to Hokino, to the Magician’s Star, as an advisor. You know that the people of this World have the Mark of wisdom?”
“We do,” Dylan said.
“So he was wise and he didn’t like the power structure there, but spoke not of it. Did the job that he was asked to do. Now I won’t let this story go on for hours, but suffice to say that he met the Princess of the Air and she fell in love with him. You know of the Princesses?”
“We do,” Dylan said.
“You know a lot for one so young,” he peered at Dylan.
“I have seen a lot,” was all Dylan would say.
“Well, if you can believe it, the Princess of the Air gave birth to twin girls by this man, Cranloh was his name. Now the Magician’s Star already did not like him, thought he was too powerful and with a view of the Worlds that did not gel with their own. He found that they were conspiring against him and he knew that his daughters would have very powerful Magic. He knew they would be dealt with or enslaved at a young age to use their Magic; so he escaped with them to Sylvae.”
“And then what happened?” Lucas asked; he was enthralled despite himself.
“They looked for him for years and by then there were stories of the twins. Even though most didn’t believe in the existence of the Princesses, the Star feared anyone who had Magic to match their own. Remember that a lot of their power came from the Stones of Aremis and he could match that without them. Twins have their own power without Magic, what power would magical twins of a great Magician have?”
“Especially if their Mum was a Princess,” Dylan said, equally enrapt. “But, wait. They didn’t find them.”
“No. It was only a decade after that that the Chinerthians attacked the Worlds. According to lore he protected them somehow and then left. The Chinerthians would not know of old Hokino stories, but if they found the twins they would kill them or use their Magic for their own ends. Some say they did find the twins and that was how they could change the Balance.”
Dylan looked at Lucas and Lucas looked back at him.
“It is all too much for me,” Lucas frowned but Dylan smiled at him.
“It’s OK, Lucas,” then he turned to DeWilder.
Lucas was his Protector and he did it with all his heart, soul, mind and strength, but he thought in simple terms. Dylan remembered that he had been a Guardsman at the Mountain City and then lived quietly before he followed him and his Dad. Then he let Bell and the Shadow Ranger make the decisions. That was what Lucas did, he led where he knew what to do and let others lead where he did not. In this World of Wisdom, this was true wisdom. Knowing who you were and who you were not and doing your best in both situations. But now that meant Dylan had to lead and he wasn’t sure if he could. But he had to step up, had to know where this was going and why.
“How did you know?”
“About the twins?”
“No. About me.”
“As I say I have Magic.”
“That is not enough.”
“You don’t look like a Sylvaen. There is something about you. Oh, nothing so obvious that anyone would notice it if they were not looking, but there is something.”
“And what is your interest in us? Dawna brought us here because she thought we were part of the rebellions on Sylvae and Hokino.”
“The Mark of this World is wisdom, this you seem to know, but do you know that it is also spirituality? True wisdom leads you to look inside. When you start to question, the path leads you beyond the minds of men or women. You have to ask greater questions; and there are legends of both gods and monsters out there.”
“Talk sense, man, you make my mind ache,” Lucas grumbled.
“I live here for a reason,” DeWilder said. “Hidden away, but close to the Portal.”
“My hands twitch to cleave through your words with my axe,” Lucas warned.
DeWilder held up his hands.
“Prophecies,” he said.
“What prophecies?” Dylan asked.
“Long before the Chinerthians changed the Balance. Prophecies that when the children of Saitran, the Princess of Air, returned this World would be free. But others too. The return of another son of Sophoi. Well, Lucas would you cleave me if I told another story?”
“I will fetch you an ale,” Dawna said smiling and standing.
“Truly you are a woman,” he said.
“A son of Sophoi and also of Chinerthia, but it is said that he existed before that birth. It was a birth into the World from outside,” DeWilder said.
Dawna returned with an ale and handed it to Lucas just as his head seemed ready to burst.
“I thank you, dear lady,” he said.
“It is all my pleasure,” she smiled down at him and once again Dylan felt a little uncomfortable.
“What does that mean?” Dylan asked.
“It is too long a story for now,” DeWilder said. “To cut to the bone of what you want to know, there were prophecies of a small group of people freeing all the peoples of the Four Worlds. Are you a part of that?”
Dylan looked at the floor. A son of both Chinerthia and Sophoi? That was what Mattaeus had said. With a Grandfather from Sylvae. And the Twin Magicians. This was all so much bigger than the Quest they had set out upon. But what had Thunderground said back in the clearing? That his Dad didn’t really know who was on the Quest with them. That certainly seemed true now.
“Yes we are part of that,” Dylan said finally and DeWilder nodded his head.
Lucas tensed, ready to grab his axe. Had this all been a ruse to get them to admit who they were? Luring it out of them rather than beating it out of them. There was a beat or two in which nothing happened.
“There is more you need to know,” DeWilder said. “You must come with us, seeing is believing.”
“We need to meet our friends in the Capital.”
“You will, you will, but this will help.”
Suddenly there was commotion in the streets and Dawna ran to the window.
“Chinerthians,” she cried.
“You have sold us out,” Lucas roared standing and hefting his axe.
“No,” DeWilder protested, “they are after me.”
“Stop, Lucas,” Dylan jumped up.
“I told you I lived here for a reason. They are rounding up the usual suspects, those that might try and do them harm.”
“We must leave,” Dawna urged.
“You may get to use that axe yet, Lucas.”
“That’s the most sense you’ve made so far, old man”
“We’ll go out the back,” Dawna urged. “Use my horse and cart.”
“That’s out the front,” Dylan said.
“I’ll get it, you just get to the alley outside. Be ready to jump on,” Dawna instructed.
“It’s too dangerous,” Lucas protested.
“I fear the whole World is now too dangerous,” she frowned. “Now go.”
She ran to the front door as the others ran through the kitchen to a back door. Lucas opened it and looked out. Though the alley way was empty they could hear the Chinerthian Guards coming closer. It sounded like they were causing havoc and destruction as they came. Crashes and screams, shouts and commotion rang out through the air.
The cart came skidding around the corner and down the alley way and pulled up in front of them. The horses neighing, fraying and stamping the ground.
“Get on,” Dawna cried and Dylan saw Chinerthians appear at the end of the alleyway.
They all jumped in the back and Dawna spurred the horses, but there were soldiers appearing at the other end. Lucas stood up in the cart and planted his feet, as the horses barrelled into the soldiers he swung at them with his axe. They pulled out onto the street and Dylan could see soldiers coming out of DeWilder’s house whilst others were jumping on their horses to give chase.
They flew through the town as people scattered out of the road and the Chinerthians chased. The ocean was ever present to their left and the road wound even closer to it as they left the town.
“They’re closing,” DeWilder warned.
“I see that,” Lucas huffed.
He stood again in the cart as the riders approached. He swung his axe at them and one pulled back as the other went around to the right and Lucas swung his axe in a complete circle and beheaded the rider. Another rider came up the other side and Lucas quickly turned and struck him down with his axe. The rider held up his sword to block it, but the axe broke the sword in two and hit the rider in the leg, causing him to fall from his horse. Yet another rider was coming up the other side as this was happening and as the rider raised his sword Dylan sprang up and slashed him in the side and he pulled the horse away and back.
They were quickly gaining ground as the other Chinerthians had been slow to mount their horses, but it would be clear where they were going. Port Haylet.
“They will catch us at the port,” Lucas said looking at the distant riders.
“It is a big city,” Dawna called back.
“Yes, but this will make things all the more dangerous for us all.”
“This better be worth it,” Lucas growled.
CHAPTER III

The fighting in Golgathlind, the Capital City of Hokino, continued to be heavy even after the return of all five Stones of Aremis. But now people were feeling their Magic return and all over the World they were using it to fend off the Chinerthians.
Before he had returned to the streets, the Shadow Ranger had talked to the dragon Nagendra as she perched on the ruined roof of Magician’s Star.
“There are still many Chinerthians who will come to the city,” the Shadow Ranger had said.
“We will do our best to make sure they do not arrive,” the dragon had assured him. “But then we must leave again.”
“To find more dragons.”
“Yes, they will come out now, both the good Wadasthiams and the bad Rafastians. There will be fighting again.”
“That is true the Worlds over,” Mattaeus, the Shadow Ranger said.
“We shall work to end that,” Nagendra said before flapping her great wings and taking to the sky.
“We must finish the fight, secure the city before more Chinerthians arrive,” Btolomy said.
“Agreed,” Thunderground agreed. “The Stormclouds and Stone Hunters will form a makeshift army until the city is ready.”
“The people are not soldiers, but civilians,” Alura argued.
“Civilians who are regaining Magic. They will be able to defend themselves and the Star will form an army once again,” Btolomy told her.
“And the Sylvaen armies will now have the heart to come through the Portal,” Thunderground added.
“And what of us?” she asked.
“We must push on to the Portal and rejoin the others,” Mattaeus said.
“Prepare the men,” Btolomy ordered and Thunderground disappeared. “Shadow Ranger, a word?”
“Yes?”
“In private?”
“What you say, Alura can hear. She would make me tell her anyway,” Mattaeus gave a short grin as Alura slapped his arm.
“You have dragons in your power.”
“No. They fight for their own reasons.”
“But you know of the old stories of Dragonriders.”
“I am not one such.”
“Perhaps not, but you know the Dragonriders originally came from Sophoi, in times when they were less peaceful.”
“I am aware.”
“And you head to Sophoi.”
“Bring yourself to the point,” Mattaeus said shortly.
“You and I know that there are older things at play here. More than just the Black Queen.”
“I will think on your words, Btolomy.”
“It is all I can ask, for I am not sure I understand truly what I say.”
“All will out in its allotted time.”
“Let us be on our way,” Alura urged. “I fear for my sister and need to find a quiet place where I can contact her.”
“Be ready for a fight first, Alura.”
“When I am by your side I am always ready for a fight,” she said and Btolomy laughed.
“She knows you well enough already.”
%%%
They were in the streets once again and the city was still thick with fighting, bodies strewn about the roads and now they could see that the elusive red cloaks had joined the fight against the Chinerthians. They had set free the Fury of Medraza, but he had abandoned, not saved them. They had not lost their aim though, to free Hokino from the Chinerthians, so now they stood alongside the Stormclouds as they fought.
Alura sent a ball of magic into a mob of Chinerthians as the Shadow Ranger swung his sword.
“There you are,” Dalius hailed them. “Having a rest were we?”
“Leave the bad wit to d’Gaz,” Mattaeus said as he sliced at a solider.
“And who are these ladies?”
“They fight with you.”
“Good to have them,” Dalius said stabbing another Chinerthian.
“We need to get out of the city,” Alura said punching a soldier in the face.
“To the Portal.”
“Of course.”
“Come, we shall gather Stone Hunters to protect you.”
They pushed their way through the fighting with their swords as Stone Hunters gathered around their leader, Dalius, and they moved towards the suburbs. As they reached the beginning of the one story suburban sprawl they could see the makeshift barricades the residents had made. They could see that some were being overrun by Chinerthians who were trying to enter the city. Weapons clanged and Hokinoans tried to use their newfound Magic against the attackers. One large ball of magic blasted a group of soldiers as they tried to scale the barricade and Dalius and his men attacked from the rear to clear the rest.
“This way,” Dalius commanded and they followed him to another street.
Here the barricades on the far end had been broken down and there was fighting in the street, but the Chinerthians were cutting a bloody swathe.
“Charge!” Dalius shouted and the Stone Hunters along with Alura and the Shadow Ranger ran to meet the soldiers.
They clashed swords in battle, the civilians pulling away, daring not to use their Magic as they could not yet control it. That was not an issue for Alura who sent Chinerthian Guards flying with her Magic as the rest cut into them. As the Stone Hunters lessened the numbers, the Hokinoans rejoined the fray with makeshift weapons and the group pushed through to the other end of the street.
They reached a stable near the outskirts of the city and managed to buy two horses from the terrified, hiding owner.
“So this is it,” Dalius said.
“We will meet again,” Mattaeus replied.
“I fear not.”
“No. Perhaps not.”
“Thank you for what you have done for us,” Alura said.
“No,” Dalius burst, “it is we that need to thank you; you have returned the Stones, you have brought Magic back to our World, and you have begun the rebellion against the Chinerthians.”
“We are doing merely what has been set before us,” Mattaeus said. “Let us be away.”
“Good luck. To you all.”
They spurred their horses and rode through the last few streets of the city and out into the land.
“It is green,” Alura said.
“Yes, the land dried out as the Magic did.”
“Will it become like Sylvae?”
“No,” Mattaeus shook his head. “Much of this World was always stone and desert, but there will be more fields, more forests now. More land for them to farm.”
It would be awhile before any of that came to pass and all they really saw was a thin film of grass over the sandy soil. As they rode, mountains loomed in the distance to their right.
“The Temple of Pavilli rests in those mountains,” Mattaeus said.
“I have not heard of it.”
“No. I think not that many know of it now. Hard terrain to reach it, mountain Liens and the last of the Hokinoan Tykats.”
“Tykats?”
“Big cats, bigger than Liens, but very well camouflaged. Their front claws can protract a foot out of the paw. Very dangerous.”
“I’m glad we don’t have them on Sylvae,” Alura admitted.
“You do. They are on all the Worlds.”
“Oh.”
“Not always good to live in the forest,” Mattaeus smiled at her.
“I might consider moving when this is all over,” she smiled back. “Who was Pavilli?”
“A God-King, or that was how his followers saw him. It’s suggested that he was one of the first to harness the Magic of this World and that was why they thought him a god.”
“But as others began to use the Magic.”
“Exactly, he was not so special and the tales tell that he began ruling with an iron fist to stop that happening. Rounding up anyone who displayed magical ability, most of whom were those that were born here, the precursors to the Hokinoans and Jerpa people.”
“So this was a long time ago,” Alura said.
“Yes.”
“How do you know these things?”
“I listen and read,” Mattaeus shrugged.
“No. I listen. I read. And yet you seem to know of stories and places that others do not.”
“I’m old.”
“How old?”
“That’s not a polite question.”
She looked at him and decided not to push it. She had seen into him when they had joined their Magic to find a path through the Forest of Duncarth. It was old and raw, not the type that could be wielded easily. Instead it formed a sort of background to his mind and soul, as if it wielded him and not the other way around. He was who he was because of that Magic, like her and her sister, but more so. It made him one of a kind and she wasn’t sure that she wanted to push him. Wasn’t sure that she wanted to know too much.
They rode on for another couple of hours, each lost in their own thoughts, mainly about how the others were doing. Alura worried for her sister and knew they should stop so that she could focus on reaching her, but she also knew that they needed to get to the Portal. 
Mattaeus thought about what they might find in Sophoi. The old Wizard was right, this was more than their Quest; not that the Quest wasn’t important, but that there would be other challenges to face. The Fury of Medraza was the first of those, but that was for d’Gaz. He would not let anyone else fight him. That meant that he would have left Connor and Kaitlin once they arrived in Sophoi and Bell was out there somewhere too. But he worried more about Dylan. He knew that he was in good hands with Lucas, but he felt that the completion of the Quest sat upon the young Guardian’s shoulders and Lucas wasn’t aware of quite how deep this Quest went. There were forces out there that even the Man Mountain’s great axe could not defeat.
He wondered if he had been wrong to keep the whole truth of the Worlds and of himself from them. He had thought at the beginning that it was this Quest and that was all, but no, he had wished to think that. There was no way that other forces wouldn’t be stirred by his coming out of the shadows, of teaming again with d’Gaz. 
There would be fear. Fear that he might try and take back what was once his and deep down he had known this from the very beginning. He had hidden in the shadows all these years for a reason.
“Look,” Alura broke his revelry.
Ahead of them was a wall of sand.
“Chinerthians coming from the Portal,” Mattaeus said.
“They won’t let us pass.”
“No. We go to the mountains and then to the town of Pavilli’s Gate and approach the Portal from the side.”
“The mountains? With the Tykats?”
“Look at it this way, you’ve never seen one on Sylvae, you probably won’t see one here.”
“I’m going to hold you to that,” she said and spurred her horse towards the mountains.
It took them an hour to reach the foot of the mountains and by the time they had the Chinerthian column was nearly parallel with them. It was long, with a lot of soldiers and cavalry.
“That bodes not well for Golgathlind,” Alura said.
“The Stormclouds will deal with them; they have the upper hand now. The Magician’s Star will be able to use their Magic against them too.”
“They are politicians not generals.”
“Thunderground and Btolomy will act as their generals. Do not worry, Btolomy will stand for no nonsense.” 
“And what of us?”
“We stop here, let the horses rest and eat while we do the same.”
They sat in the shade, the grass was longer here in the shade of the mountain and Mattaeus said it had always been here, fed from water coming off of the mountains.
“So we go around?”
“I would prefer to, but it would take us too long, we need to go over.”
“I was afraid of that.”
“Don’t worry there is a path that I know across the shortest part.”
“I thought you said that it was hard terrain.”
“It is to reach the Temple, but we’re not going that far in. And anyway, everything is hard terrain if there is nothing at the end of the journey.”
“This journey of ours, this Quest, is hard terrain and I know not what is at the end,” Alura said.
“Nor I,” the Shadow Ranger admitted.
“But you have a better idea than any of us.”
“It will end with the Black Queen, it will end in battle.”
“Will we get that far?”
“Yes. I have to believe that we will.”
“Even as we are?”
“We are split to bring about success.”
“Even Bell?”
“Yes. He has something he has to do to be able to focus. I feel he will find more than that.”
“Such as?”
“Such as himself.”
“Once again you seem to know.”
“We travel to Sophoi, it has the Mark of wisdom and spirituality. People have a tendency to think more deeply there.”
“No,” she shook her head. “It is just the two of us here, talk to me.”
He took in a deep breath and let it out slowly.
“There is more to this than our Quest. We have had guidance because there will be others out to stop us.”
“How do you know there is more to this?”
“The Princesses, the Balance affects them not, why should they wish to help us defeat the Chinerthians? Cyclo, how did he know that I would one day come for the Stones? Had he really sat there for all those years? No, I don’t think so. The Cult of Warena setting the Fury free at the exact time that we are on this Quest? I like it not as a coincidence.”
“And what does this mean for Sophoi?”
“Of course we have to go through Sophoi to get to Chinerthia, but it is a place where people find themselves, inspect their inner workings. Now consider who we have in our little gang.”
“You tell me.”
“Lucas the Guardsman, one who would protect the Guardian; Bell, the one who started this rebellion so many years ago with the Yokum group. d’Gaz,” he smiled at this, “the arch enemy of the recently freed Fury. And, of course the Twin Magicians.”
“And who are we?”
He looked at her, inspected her face, her hands and eyes.
“The question is whether you know or not. I think you do.”
“I don’t know what you are talking about,” she looked away from him and then stood.
“You already know that I know all the old stories,” he pushed gently.
“Oh, yes?” she turned on him angrily. “And what about you? You think you know so much about all of us, but share nothing of yourself.”
He stood.
“I will not force you to say what you don’t want to,” he said kindly.
She dropped her head.
“I am sorry. Neither should I push you.”
“Then let us push on through the mountains instead.”
CHAPTER IV

Bell had made a quick run from the forest between the mountains to the Portal and had stopped in Tanenden only long enough to eat and feed his horse. He was then off again to Port Haylet.
Mattaeus had told him some of what Abterrne was and even coming from that trusted source he struggled to believe it all. It was, to put it straight, a gateway to the Dark World. More specifically the lands of the dead. What was more believable was that it was some kind of underground cave system that held the Temple of Shanob. Shanob, according to the Shadow Ranger, had led a cult that worshipped the Lord of the Dark World, Nargel. He had built a temple to him under the ground at Abterrne and practiced human and animal sacrifice there.
There was a problem though, Mattaeus told him. There was good in that place too and the spirits of those sacrificed couldn’t be held by Nargel, they wandered back through the gateway to haunt the area with their sadness, their bitterness and anger. They wailed against the injustice of their untimely end and were bitter against the living who had not met such a fate, who lived on happily.
He had seen much in his life, had seen even more since the start of this Quest, but Bell couldn’t believe these stories. The Shadow Ranger was strange, as if he came from a different World than the rest of them, but Bell worried that he lived in stories and legends. That he had so wrapped them around himself that he thought they were truths. 
He had asked Mattaeus why Tocoda would go to such a place, but Mattaeus had said he knew not. Again he wasn’t sure that he believed him, but it mattered not, he was more interested in directions than old legends. And Mattaeus had given him them; he knew that there was no stopping him and that was true. He had to give the Shadow Ranger that. 
And so Bell had managed to get a ferry over to Damet Island from where he would have to catch another ship. He had spent some time looking at arrivals and departures and worked out the fastest way to get to Abterrne.
The journey was without incident, but when he arrived at the Port Damet there was a great commotion. He looked down from the ship to see hundreds of people on the docks. 
“By the seas, what is this?” the Captain asked as he too came to the side of the ship.
“Looks like they all want to get to the continent,” he stopped and thought. “And the Portal. What news do you hear?”
“Me?” asked the Captain. “Not a lot. I’m on this boat all day and sleep all night.”
“This is a problem,” Bell mused unhappily.
“Too right, all these people can’t fit on my boat.”
As they dropped anchor and came to a stop Bell could see the local Sophoin Guardsmen trying to settle the crowd down, but they were used to helping people, not really upholding the law or dealing with angry mobs. No, not angry, Bell thought, frightened.
The sailors working the ferry went down the ramp and helped the local guards to keep the people away from the ramp and let the passengers disembark. There was a lot of pushing and shouting and the captain shouted back from the deck.
“Tickets only. Tickets only,” he shouted and people started waving their tickets in the air.
Bell came down the ramp and onto the dock where he had to push through the throng of people when someone grabbed him and pulled him in. His hand went swiftly to his blade.
“Stay your blade and stay your troubles,” a voice said.
Bell took his hand away from his sword and let him be pulled through the crowd and out the other side. When they were out of the people he saw what he had guessed from the grip on his arm. An elderly man.
“You are a stranger here, Sylvaen by the look. It’s no good you being here.”
A younger woman came through the crowd.
“Grandfather, what are you doing? You must come to the ferry.”
“I had no intention of going and I’m certainly not now.”
“Don’t be foolish, Grandfather.”
“Look at this man,” he said. “He is in danger.”
“I care not, only for your safety.”
“Bah. Let them come. Now you, stranger, you must come with me.”
“I’m in danger?”
“Yes, yes. The carrier frane arrived yesterday with news of Chinerthians coming this way. I’ll explain inside. Come.”
It could be a trap, an elaborate one and not the way of the Chinerthians, but Bell decided to trust the old man, just in case. If it was a trap he would be ready.
“Grandfather, please.”
“You go, girl, you go. Find safety.”
“I won’t leave without you.”
“I can’t protect us all; you know what the Chinerthians could do.”
“They will do more to you.”
“I am old, you are young, let our name live on.”
She stood in tears before slowly nodding her head and running back into the crowd.
“Will she be safe?”
“Strong girl, that, strong. Come with me.”
They walked briskly through the streets. They were busy with people buying and selling.
“Getting ready to lock themselves in,” the old man noted.
Yes, it was as if a great storm was coming and no one knew when they might be able to leave the house again. He thought of all the people on the docks. Those without tickets wouldn’t get on, nor would they have bought supplies. Finally the man stopped and unlocked a door and ushered Bell inside.
“Come to the kitchen as I pour us a drink. Why are you here?”
“You brought me.”
“Not here, on the island.”
“I am merely passing through.”
The man handed him a drink and he took a refreshing sip.
“No, come now. The Chinerthian grip on Sylvae and Hokino has slipped and now you appear on Sophoi? There is a reason, enough of one to get you arrested and tortured by the Chinerthian Guard.”
“I trying to get to Abterrne,” Bell said.
“Sit, sit. No one should even try to go to Abterrne.”
“I must meet someone there.”
“Then you have strange friends,” the man mused.
“That I do.”
“Interesting.”
“Why did you help me? Your granddaughter said that the Chinerthians would do worse to you than her. Why not escape?”
“The Chinerthians leave us alone because they know we are not fighters, but they keep tabs on those that are outspokenly against them or on historians like myself.”
“Historians?”
“Yes, yes, this world was very different once. The Mark of spirituality was always upon us, but we had to learn our wisdom. The Chinerthians don’t want us learning from our past.”
“You were once warriors?”
“Oh, yes. Ever heard of the Dragonriders?”
“Recently, yes.”
“They came from Sophoi originally. We could commune with the dragons.”
“So now that there is rebellion on other Worlds they want to shut down known troublemakers.”
“Exactly. Stop us before we start suggesting that we too could rise up. The carrier franes from the Portal say that Sylvae is free and that their armies will move into Hokino.”
“It is true.”
“So you know.”
“I have travelled from Sylvae.”
“The timing of your arrival would suggest the rebellion follows you.”
“Not I.”
“But those you’re with.”
“You are shrewd, old man.”
“Be true with me so that I can help you,” the old man urged.
“Perhaps you have saved my life and I am alone for now. Help I could use,” Bell said. “Yes, I and my friends started the rebellion in Sylvae and it spreads with us. We travel to Chinerthia.”
“But you say that you are meeting someone at Abterrne.”
“Aye. The Quest is not so simple.”
“I imagine not, Quests have never been simple; that is their nature. You must come with me to the Forgotten Library.”
“I must go to Abterrne.”
“The Chinerthians are riding, it will not be long before the Varkurn ride. You will not get another chance to learn.”
“So be it,” Bell said, but his heart was heavy. He knew what he wanted, but he knew that he could not cast his Quest aside. “Where is it?”
“The island of Cardew, I have a small sailing ship that can take us, but we must leave now.”
“Then let us be gone.”
They walked through the town as quickly as Tompo, as the man introduced himself, could go. Already there were Chinerthians on the island; they could hear the sound of marching and the screams and scuffles.
“I like not walking away from the fight,” Bell admitted.
“There is not much one man can do,” Tompo shook his head sadly.
“What will they do with the people?”
“I don’t know; I assume they will rough some up, take some away; make sure the people are too afraid to stand up against them.”
“We have to do something, I have my bow.”
“And they will see where your arrows come from; it will simply endanger our escape.”
“Not with my bow. Let me see them.”
Tompo argued, but saw that Bell would not hear of it.
They crept around a building to see Chinerthian Guards pulling people out of their houses and into the street. They seemed to be separating the younger women from the older women and males. Bell looked at them carefully.
“Come now.”
They ran back around the buildings and into a walkway between two houses. Bell took off Galvyn’s bow and notched an arrow. He thought about the Chinerthians, pictured them in his head and in short succession fired an arrow up over the house for each one. They heard cries of pain and screams of alarm as Bell urged Tompo to continue on.
They came to a street of shops and Bell stopped them before they crossed. He eyed the shops along the street and saw what he needed.
“We need to get to that general store,” he said.
“What now?” Tompo asked a little wearily. Every stop Bell made put them in more danger.
“We need to make sure we are not followed to sea.”
They watched a group of soldiers go past the other end of the road and then they moved up, having to hide in a doorway as more went past. How long would it be before some came down this street? They moved on and then slipped into a hunting supplies store. While they were in there, Bell gathering new arrows, a squad of Chinerthians marched past. They hid in the shadows as they went past and then moved back to the door. The squad had stopped at another shop, there was an old woman berating them. One soldier pushed her aside as another pulled a young girl out, only about thirteen years old. The soldiers were laughing as the two women cried and then the old woman slapped one of the soldiers.
Bell didn’t want to shoot the soldiers as the bodies would raise the alarm and they still needed to get to the general store, but he could see a hand go to a sword and he couldn’t let it happen. He unholstered his bow and at the speed of one arrow per second took the soldiers down. The two women stood there in shock and Bell ducked back into the shop to grab more arrows before pulling Tompo down the street, much faster than the poor old man should run.
He kicked open the door to the store and shouted to not be afraid. Tompo also shouted out reassurances and they found a family hiding behind the counter. Bell left Tompo to talk to them as he went around the shop gathering the ingredients he needed. They went back to the door, Tompo now carrying the sack of ingredients, and looked out. The women had gone and no one had yet found the bodies. Good. Bell urged Tompo to take the lead and they set off again.
They stopped only twice more to hide from soldiers and Bell thought that most must now be at the dock. He wondered if the ferry had managed to leave and what was happening to those who had not boarded. The soldiers would also have found Tompo not at home and would be out looking for him. Hopefully in the crowds at the dock before spreading out back this way. 
And now they were at the beach and Tompo led them to a small cove where his small sailing boat lay pulled up on the beach. It was well hidden and Bell went about combining the ingredients that he had bought and smushing the resultant thick paste onto the ends of some of his arrows.
“What is that stuff?” Tompo asked.
“Highly flammable,” Bell replied. “Stay here.”
Bell climbed up the rocks that were shielding them and looked at the large Chinerthian ship that lay at anchor at the harbour. He could see that smaller boats were tied up high on its hull and could see only two soldiers guarding it. Once again they did not fear the Sophoins attacking. He unholstered his bow once again and notched an arrow before he lit the paste on the end. He aimed at one of the smaller ships and fired. He didn’t wait, but aimed at the second boat and fired before firing his last two arrows at the larger ship, one into the deck and one at the furled sails. He took just long enough to see that the fire was catching and spreading before scrambling back down the rocks to the boat that Tompo now had in the water.
“Come, come, you must row,” Tompo urged.
Bell took up the oars and powered out of the cove and into the open water. They could feel the heat from the burning ship and the cries of alarm from the Chinerthians. By the time others arrived they would have no hope of catching them.
CHAPTER V

d’Gaz had bought a small sailing ship in Port Haylet and both Connor and Kaitlin had worried that he wouldn’t be able to sail it on the open ocean alone, but he had merely laughed at them. They left without any more fuss, no doubt knowing he would hate it, to find a ship themselves and he had gone to buy supplies.
There were a lot of Chinerthian Guards here and he saw some debarking from a ship. Coming in from away. He worried for Connor and Kaitlin and regretted that he was leaving them; the Chinerthians were no doubt going to Hokino, but they would also be watching for troublemakers to arrive here. But he couldn’t stay with them, he couldn’t risk a worse fate becoming them and they were not fools, they would understand the situation and be careful. Still, he had been swift in buying what he needed and left the port before anyone might spot and question him.
Now he sat in his ship and let the wind take him. It was no small feat to remember where all the islands lay and where to go, it wasn’t like remembering directions on land where there were plenty of markers in the form of towns and landmarks, roads even. Here there could be the Sun and stars to show the way, endless water dotted with islands that all looked the same. The way he did it, the way the locals did it, was to remember the shapes of the islands, there were so many it was hard to go a day without seeing at least one.
Here was the little island of Gerder; he would stop there for the night. It had been a long time since he had been there last, he had met a delightful young girl, but he had left her. They were a friendly people living off the ocean and the crops they grew in the one field that lay on the island. They lived in one village and worked together to live. The young men went off to other islands to find a girl to marry and men from other islands came to them to live and meet their young women. If ever there was an example of balance it was on the island of Gerder.
He pulled his boat up onto the beach in the late afternoon. There were children kicking a ball about as adults were building fires. At first d’Gaz thought they were cooking fires, but he realised that they were too big. Some sort of festival then? The ball came over to him and he kicked it to a boy who grinned his thanks and passed it onto a friend.
“Who are you?” he asked having run over.
“Just a visitor.”
“Don’t get many visitors, where are you from?”
“Across the ocean,” d’Gaz smiled down at him.
The boy laughed.
“Everyone’s from across the ocean. Except us that live here, I guess.”
“Now there’s a good point, you must be the village elder.”
“Oh no,” the boy said seriously, “that’s DuFrain, I’m not old enough.”
d’Gaz pretended to look at him closer.
“Yes, on closer inspection you are not. You just seem wise enough to be.”
“Well, thank you,” the boy puffed out his chest in pride. “That’s my Dad.”
The boy pointed to a man helping to build one of the bonfires.
“I think I’ll go and have a word with him.”
“OK, I better go back to my game.”
“Aye, enjoy,” d’Gaz smiled as the boy ran off.
“Must be the Keie Whale festival,” d’Gaz said as he approached.
The man looked around from his work.
“That it be,” the man replied.
The Keie Whale festival, d’Gaz remembered, was about lighting beacons to ensure that the Keie Whales would swim close enough to shore for one of them to be harpooned. The meat would tide the people of the island over the winter months. It reminded him that he would have to sail long and fast so as not to encounter the rough winter seas. Another part of the festival was anointing the fishermen who would go out as the Keie Whales also attracted the Zantu sharks, very big, very dangerous fish.
“And who might you be?” the man asked as he continued to work.
“I’m just looking for somewhere to stay the night. Perhaps a word with Kinto.”
“Kinto, huh? ‘Fraid he’s passed under. His son, Kuow, takes that role now.”
“I’m sorry to hear that,” d’Gaz said honestly.
“So were we all. You should go into the village if you want lodgings.”
“That I will do, goodness be with you.”
“And with you,” the man replied as was the tradition.
d’Gaz walked up the beach and onto the high sand dunes. From the top he could see all of the island, the village and the field where people were finishing up their work. In the village he could see people making preparations for the night’s festival and he could hear singing. Beyond the village he could make out the sand dunes at the opposite end of the island and the ocean beyond. It was peaceful and d’Gaz allowed himself a smile. It had been a while since he had been in a peaceful situation.
He walked down and into the village, stopping to ask where he could find Kuow and managed to snag himself a bed for the night in the process.
“Kuow?” he asked from the door.
“Come in, d’Gaz.”
“I’m impressed,” d’Gaz said entering the small abode.
“As am I, it has been a long time since you set foot upon this island.”
“You were merely a child then.”
“And yet you don’t seem a day older whilst I have grown in many a year. Come sit.”
Kuow was around sixty years of age and already had white hair and a white beard, but his face was tanned in contrast. He held a staff that he used to walk, but as d’Gaz watched him go and get drinks, something in his step suggested he did not need the aid.
“Here,” Kuow said handing him a drink. “What brings you now to us?”
“I am not sure,” d’Gaz replied.
“Yes. You know on the surface, The Fury walks again, but you fear that there are deeper things afoot.”
“We have started something great, but there may be elements that I am not understanding.”
“It is as if all this were timed, is it not? Your setting out on this Quest, the Balance changing just at the same time that the Fury is freed.”
“It could be coincidence,” d’Gaz tried.
“I will believe that when you believe it yourself,” Kuow said.
“I must regain that which I gave up. From what I have heard, the Fury is stronger than he ever was. Able to absorb Magic.”
Kuow sat silently for a moment.
“Yes, this is interesting news.”
“Btolomy…” d’Gaz started.
“Alarxir-Neko fights for you side?”
“He does.”
“More interesting news.”
“Btolomy said that the Fury had known things he shouldn’t, he knew about the Black Queen, and he said that there was greater Magic at work.”
Kuow nodded to himself.
“I have met with the Garrinand.”
“A useless and foolish endeavor.”
Kuow smiled.
“They do not like you much either.”
“They have good reason,” d’Gaz admitted.
“It was not as useless as you would like to think. They see into the Forest of Gu…”
“Which is why…” d’Gaz began to interrupt, but was silenced by a hand.
“There are few who could move through that place, fewer still that could reach the Fury’s Bond and yet they have seen movement.”
“But cannot say who,” d’Gaz derided.
“The number is small. If will not listen to help, why have you come?” 
d’Gaz sighed.
“I apologise. I think I perhaps needed simply to say it to someone. Admit it to myself.”
“You must go to Altarsee if you are to truly regain that which you put aside.”
“It is Arzan’s Wheel. I need to go to regain myself, but I need to regain myself if I am to go.”
“There I can help you. Through meditation I can take you to the Outerfield and also to the Thither. It will not be true, but it will fortify you enough to survive Altarsee.”
“I am thankful to you, but it will make you visible to the Black Queen. They will come; no doubt their plan is to quell any who could stand and fight before rebellion can reach here.”
“They will come and they will try, but the ocean is dangerous at this time of year, lots of Keie Whales and Zantu sharks. My Mistress will protect us. You have seen her?”
“I have,” d’Gaz frowned.
“She is ever on your side, Murtagh. Now take my hands and close your eyes.”
Later d’Gaz sat at the foot of the sand dunes and watched the people of Gerder sing and dance around the now lit bonfires. He wondered if they really believed the whales used the bonfires as a beacon and decided that they didn’t and that it didn’t matter. It was a great festival full of fun and laughter. They ate well, showing their confidence in the men and women who would go out harpooning. They also celebrated one boy’s coming of age, his first Keie hunt. He was wrapped up in garlands and was given gifts such as a fine knife and compass.
Watching all this he thought back to his experience with Kuow. He had led d’Gaz into some sort of trance and within it he had found himself in what the people of the Four Worlds called the Dark World, but was more commonly known as the Outerfield. It was well named as the Dark World, as it contained many nasty beings that were beyond human comprehension. Most were evil, but it was not set out to be so, anyone could reside there and there were good entities that chose to move along the Outerfield, the gap between the Universes. d’Gaz himself could have roamed those pathways, those dark waters, but now he was an intruder and many came to look at him, to challenge him, but he was protected through Kuow; by being there, but not materially (though that would not have stopped some entities).
Here there was a dark forest of swirling trees and bright eyes peering at him. Here was the crypt of Babette, or at least the Outerfield version of it. The real world version was on Chinerthia, it was a Portal of sorts between the two worlds. He knew he could find the city of Tarquite, which also had a version on Sylvae, though that was now left to ruin. The city down here was still a bustling metropolis. The same could be said for the city of Kzasnthian, blighted ruins on Sophoi, but down here it was the seat of the Blighted Evil, Nargel, just as it had been on Sophoi so long ago.
There was but one place he wanted to see though, this plane’s version of the Tomb of Gylar. It was here that she took her seat. She had mirrored a twisted image of it here, to spite the great king. Here the giant snake Nadanpha had another body, its soul having been trapped by her. He knew the story of Gylar and her and knew her reasons, petty and bitter as they were. She would not let him rest. But there she was standing at the top of the steps into the pyramid. She still looked the same; that face of bitterness, greed and anguish and then it was all dissolving and he found himself on the top of a sunlit hill looking down at a city with a river running through it. The valley was in full bloom, full of different coloured flowers amongst the rich, green grass. 
But then his eye was caught by a kite and he turned to watch it go, saw the two young boys as they ran with it. Simpler times. This was the Thither, the place of hope and dreams, a place he wasn’t sure still existed, at least for him. Here too were six young girls skipping rope and singing a rhyme:
‘Wibbaliwoo,
Who’s the Wibbaliwoo?
Are you the Wibbaliwoo?
The wibberly, wobberly, bibberly, bobberly
Boo!’ 
And then he found himself in a forest where the light dappled green and the wind sang through the branches a light melody. Suddenly he was in a village in the trees where people laughed and sang. And then he was watching the villagers of Gerder playing and laughing on the beach as he walked past them to the lapping shore and he was in to his waist when she came to him and smiled. She splashed him and laughed and then he was back in Kuow’s room. The light had changed, the Sun was setting.
None of it had been truly real, it had been reflections and memories dredged from both their minds, but it had projected him there, given him a taste of what once was. It had awoken memories and truths. Knowledge that he had quashed that would be used when it came time to truly go there again. 
And now he sat at the foot of the sand dune.  
“I’ve been watching you since you arrived,” the young woman said sitting next to him on the dune. 
“Have you now?”
“My grandmother described you perfectly, but you haven’t aged a day.”
He looked at her and, yes, he could see the resemblance.
“She has passed?”
The girl looked down at the sand and nodded before looking at him again.
“Yes.”
“I’m sorry.”
“It was a long time ago.”
“No. I’m sorry I did not stay in touch with her.”
“She lived a long and happy life, but she spoke of you in the quiet moments. She spoke of your adventures. The tales you wove for her.”
“True, every one,” he smiled to himself.
“I didn’t think you were real and I can’t believe it now. How can you still look the same as she described?”
“The Worlds are strange,” he shrugged.
“They are, aren’t they?” she said excitedly. “I would love to travel them, to find out for myself.”
He laughed.
“You don’t sound like a Gerderer.”
“Well you changed that,” she said haughtily. “You brought the stories here.”
“Yes, that is the problem with travel.”
“Oh, don’t try to put me off. Everyone tries to do that.”
“This is not the time to travel.”
“Oh yes? Why not?”
“The Chinerthians are on the move, they are dangerous,” d’Gaz said seriously.
“That just sounds more fun,” she grinned.
“Away from me, child. Leave me to my thoughts,” he said crossly.
“Not without a story.”
“Not for you. Get out of here.”
She looked at him and frowned.
“This is not the last,” she pouted and then got up and left.
CHAPTER VI

Lucas, Dylan and their new friends had secured passage on a ship for the island of Yacoff and had sailed without the Chinerthians finding them. They were lucky though, the port was heaving with crowds of people both arriving and trying to leave and the Chinerthians didn’t have the numbers to check everyone. They were lucky too that they found a ship leaving within the hour and did not have to spend any more time in Port Haylet. This meant that they left before the Chinerthians could arrive behind them and put out a general alert; Lucas would not be hard to miss.
As the ship waited to sail Lucas and DeWilder stayed below in their cabins. Dawna went up to the deck to watch the boarding ramp and, despite Lucas’ great protests, Dylan joined her. He wanted to see the crowd, he couldn’t explain it, but it fascinated him. Perhaps it was because he hadn’t yet seen it; this was the reality of what he was doing for everyone else. Up until now they had stayed ahead of the rebellion, sparking it and moving on, battles had been fought, but the Chinerthians were always taken by surprise. Now they had caught up, now they were trying to stop the rebellion before it started and the everyday people of Sophoi were suffering for it.
“They are trying to get to Hokino?” Dylan asked.
“Yes,” Dawna agreed. “Or just trying to lose themselves in the continent.”
“What are they afraid of?”
“Well, the Chinerthians.”
“Yes, I know that, I mean what would the Chinerthians do to normal people? All these people are not like DeWilder are they?”
“No. I suspect they are fleeing what they fear could happen rather than anything that is actually happening. The Chinerthians will be focussing on those who could lead a rebellion.”
“And what do they fear could happen?”
“The Chinerthians are known to kill people just to remind us that they are in charge and they take young women, sometimes just teens.”
“Why?” Dylan was shocked.
“Nobody really knows, but the common theory is for breeding.”
“Breeding?”
“Yes, to birth more Chinerthians, keep up an endless supply of new warriors.”
“That’s horrible.”
“Yes, Dawna agreed, “the Chinerthians are horrible people, Dylan. I don’t suppose they always were, they just had the Mark of war, but the Black Queen has turned them evil.”
“So why are some people leaving the port?”
“Going to find loved ones, make sure they are safe I can only assume. Help them protect what they have. Perhaps they realise that battles will be fought near the Portal. If the Sylvaens and Hokinoans come through. Do you think they will?”
“Yes,” Dylan nodded. “Yes, they will, that’s the plan.”
“Here, the boarding ramp is being raised, we are away.”
%%%
They sailed for a day and a night and Dylan rose early and went onto the deck. The Sun was already shimmering across the waters and he could see large fish swimming close to the surface. Above him the sails shone white in the Sun and were fat with wind as they cut across the waves. In the near distance he could see an island, the one they were heading for, but further away he could see many more and there were ships all over the ocean with many different coloured sails. It was a wonderful sight and his heart was full of joy until it dropped at the thought that some of those ships were Chinerthian. Out on the seas to kill and kidnap.
“There you are,” Lucas said joining him. “Ahh, we are nearly there, just enough time for some breakfast, come on.”
One breakfast later they were walking off of the ship and onto the island of Yacoff. The beach wasn’t wide but it stretched off both left and right into the distance. In front of them was a wall of trees, they looked like the ones Dylan had seen in pictures of tropical islands and amongst them he could identify palm trees. There was a gap in the trees in front of them that was obviously a path as people were walking up and down it.
“Come, come,” DeWilder said and walked to the path.
They followed him and after a short while the path opened up to a clearing that was filled with a bustling town.
“Tykat hunting,” Dawna said.
“What?” Dylan asked.
“Big cats, very dangerous,” Lucas said.
“How do you know?”
“We have them on Sylvae, but you have to go deep into the forests to find them. And you don’t want to find them, by thunder.”
“People come here to hunt them,” Dawna explained. “That’s what I do, I arrange trips.”
“But that’s bad,” Dylan protested.
“Actually it’s good. If the Tykat population grows too big it is bad for them. Not enough food to go around.”
“And how did they deal with that problem, before people arrived?” Lucas asked. In his opinion the only hunting that should be done was for food.
“Dragons,” DeWilder said. “They had a taste for Tykat meat.”
He led them to a building, they were all made of wood here, and showed them a table outside on the veranda. A sign named the building ‘The Huntsman’s Bar’.
“Refreshments,” he said.
“I’ll get them,” Dawna offered and walked inside.
“So this is the place?” Lucas asked.
“Not quite, we need to get to the other side of the island.”
“The one with the Tykats?”
“With that axe, why worry?” DeWilder asked with a cheeky smile.
Dawna returned with a tray of drinks and handed them out. Dylan’s was fizzy and tasted like a mix of fruits.
“Mmm, what is this?” Lucas asked.
“It’s a Sterkte cocktail. It’s a mix of fruit juices that are allowed to ferment,” Dawna explained.
“It is very refreshing.”
“And quite strong so don’t have too many,” DeWilder noted.
Dylan looked at his cup.
“Not yours,” Dawna smiled. “Yours is just a mix of fruit.”
“It is very refreshing,” he said.
“The secret is in the sap from the Jaw-Jaw tree,” Dawna whispered.
“So what is the plan?” Lucas asked.
DeWilder stared up at the sky for a few moments.
“I think it is too late now. Dawna?”
“Yes, if we are to have a good amount of time there and be able to get back.”
“Shame, waste of a day.”
“By thunder, what are you talking about?”
“By thunder? I like that. Sylvaen saying, yes?” DeWilder asked.
“Get on with it,” Lucas growled.
“There is an island on the far side of this one, it contains, I suppose you would call it a library,” Dawna told them.
“A collection of books,” DeWilder said. “History books.”
“Why?” Lucas asked.
“Books hold knowledge, knowledge holds power,” DeWilder looked around, but the closest group was a table of hunters who were already a little worse for wear on Sterktes. “What do you know of the Black Queen?”
“She appeared with the book,” Dylan also had a quick look around. “Organised the Chinerthians into a war machine. Somehow, probably using the book she changed the Balance in her favour.”
“That’s about it,” DeWilder nodded. “Very good. The key point is that she arrived. She came from somewhere else, some think even from beyond the Four Worlds, and it is suspected that she doesn’t know the deeper history of the Worlds.”
“Why do you say that? I do come from the Four Worlds and I know not the deeper histories,” Lucas said.
“But you don’t rule a World,” Dawna smiled and touched his arm.
“Nor do you have the book,” DeWilder said. “There are things that she hasn’t done that she would have had she known.”
“Like what?” Dylan asked finding himself pulled into the old tales once again.
“Would you believe that there are still people who walk the Worlds from that deep history?”
“Yes, I think I do now,” Dylan said slowly.
DeWilder looked at him carefully.
“Your Magicians. Tell me it’s true. Tell me it’s them.”
“They are twins,” Dylan said.
DeWilder almost fell off his chair in excitement and drained his drink.
“Then it is true,” he sang.
“Calm yourself,” Dawna scolded him and he became serious again. “I shall fetch more drinks and order some food.”
“For a start, these are people who should be dealt with if you are going to rule the Four Worlds. There is one called the Shadow Ranger, oh, you know that she seeks him out even if he is a legend.”
“A legend?” Lucas asked.
“Some say they have met him across the Worlds, but no one can verify it. There is no real proof that such a man exists, but there are stories that he is much more than a man who travels the Worlds doing good.”
“Like what?” Dylan asked.
“That he is from the deep history; that he is, well that is a very long story. The point is, these things, along with others that would take us days to talk through, suggest the Black Queen does not know of such things.”
“And so you keep that knowledge hidden,” Dylan said.
“Exactly. I’m not saying that she cannot find these things out, stories are told the Worlds over, but they are just that. Stories, not histories.”
Dawna returned with the drinks and they all took a long drink as the day was getting hotter.
“Bear with me for one last thing; I must say this before we travel. No one today believes in the Righteous nor Nargel; the Dark World nor the Thither, but you must keep your mind open to these things. It is easy to believe what we see whilst the things that we cannot see play us like puppets.”
DeWilder sat back and drank, he was done.
“That was a lot of talk and not one word answered my question. What is the plan?”
“Today we rest. Tomorrow we will get up early and travel to the other side of the island,” Dawna said.
“We need to get to Fownan,” Dylan frowned; he did not like losing so many days.
“You will,” Dawna smiled, “but to go today would not give us the time. You need the time to read.”
%%%
That night Dylan lay in his bed enjoying the warm breeze that blew through the open window. Lucas was snoring in the bed next to him, he had had quite the time deciding whether to take the bed nearest the door or the window and had gone for the window as the door could be locked and they needed the window open.
He thought on what he had told DeWilder, about finding the Portal and the Quest they had set out upon. He felt he should, he felt that this was something that DeWilder had believed in for a long time. Now it was actually happening he wanted DeWilder to know he was playing a part in it. He had not specified who was on the Quest outside of the Twin Magicians, he called each member by name, but DeWilder did not seem to recognise them. He certainly did not use the name Shadow Ranger, not yet. He didn’t know why, but it seemed important not to let others know that Mattaeus was a part of this. He supposed it was because Mattaeus himself would not want people to know. As DeWilder did not know the name Mattaeus, Dylan wondered if this was just a name he had given to them. Dylan liked to think that it was his true name and that he had never shared it with anyone else.
But he thought on the story that DeWilder had told him as Lucas and Dawna talked. A story of Gods and monsters, good against evil and of love and sacrifice, ending with loss. If it was true then it was the start of all of this, that their Quest would bring an ending to that story. He fell asleep still thinking about it.
They arose early the next morning and had a large breakfast before walking through the town, collecting different supplies as they went. In the early morning light there were still people staggering around, some coming out of bars and some asleep in chairs or on the floor.
“Too much Sterktes,” Lucas shook his head. “Shameful.”
They came to the other end of the town and there was a collection of buildings and then the forest. To the left and right were low mountains covered in trees and Dylan guessed, hoped, that they were walking between them and not over them.
“These buildings are the hunting tour companies. I work for that one there, ‘Nank’s’,” Dawna said.
“It’s good cover, lets her come here often without questions,” DeWilder explained.
They walked a path that went into the forest between the mountains and the trees quickly enclosed them. The air here was cooler and had a fresh scent. The smell of dew covered leaves and wet soil, but also something else, something sweeter.
“You can smell the Jaw-Jaw trees,” Dawna said.
“Yes,” Dylan agreed placing the smell.
“It’s not just us that likes the sap, it attracts many different kinds of birds as well as the Jaw-Jaw Plat. Look there’s one now.”
Dylan and Lucas looked at the tree Dawna pointed at and could see a small animal on the trunk that looked, to Dylan, like a squirrel, but instead of a bushy tail it had a spike on the end. They watched as the Plat used the spike to scratch and poke at the trunk until sap squeezed out and it used a long tongue like a straw to suck it up.
“Once it leaves other birds will come to drink the sap before it dries,” DeWilder explained. “When it dries the Siv Ants will come and carry it away to feed their young.”
They walked on and heard a distant roar echo off of the mountains.
“Tykat,” Dawna said.
“Very far away,” DeWilder assured.
CHAPTER VII

“Something is wrong,” the Shadow Ranger said.
“I can see that,” Alura replied.
“Not that, something else.”
“I think ‘that’ should be our main concern,” she said keeping her eyes on the Tykat that stood before them.
They had made good time climbing up the mountains as they seemed to be going over a lower part with the mountains rising either side of them. To the left lower and to the right higher, but both of the same grey slate rock. Alura didn’t think it would be much farther uphill before they started down the other side. This part of the mountains seemed to be a path worn in over the years, used by the people of Pavilli’s Gate, she assumed. It was true then that the people went to and fro, but knew not of the temple, or perhaps some did. She could see ways that looked like they could take you higher into the mountains though she couldn’t be sure. Perhaps they were just natural formations. She followed one such ‘path’ up with her eyes until it disappeared; the mountains were not that high and were more an outcrop than a range. If this temple were hidden in there it could not be too far away.
These things had been on her mind when the Tykat had slunk down from behind some boulders and blocked their path.
“You’ve never seen one on Sylvae, you probably won’t see one here,” she quoted.
“It is unusual for it to be down here,” Mattaeus said. “Something has happened; do you not feel it in your Magic?”
“Without knowing what the norm is, I cannot say.”
“We can’t kill it,” Mattaeus said looking up at the mountains. “Could be the last of its kind.”
“If we don’t do something, we will be feeding it.”
“They say that the great King Gylar used to ride one in battle.”
“Now is not the time for stories,” Alura said tensely.
The Tykat stood and watched them, it did not move except for its eyes and nose. Trying to work out what they were. Then it started to pace in front of them, looking back the way it came.
“Very fast, Tykats,” Mattaeus said. “It could be on me before I even drew my sword. Move very slowly.”
“Where?”
“Off the path, to our right.”
He took her hand and they began to slowly edge towards the boulders that lay where the mountain rose above them.
“Something is wrong,” Mattaeus said again. “I think something has pushed the Tykat down here.”
“If this is a path, wouldn’t they hunt people who walked through?”
“No. Higher up are Boller Vultures, there is a microcosm of the circle of life up there.”
They continued to sidle slowly to the right as the Tykat watched them. Sometimes it took a step closer and Alura tensed, but then it would walk a circle and then stop and pace.
“What are you thinking?” Alura whispered.
“That it’s scared, that it wants to get down and we were in its path.”
“It could go the other way.”
“It’s just an animal. It wants to go down and the path still slopes up the other way.”
They made it to the edge of the path and Mattaeus stood there as Alura slowly climbed up the scree of rocks and around a boulder. Mattaeus slowly edged that way after her and the Tykat began to get closer before it suddenly sprang forward. Mattaeus got a hand to his sword, but by then the beast was already beyond him and running down the mountain. They watched it go and saw another Tykat join it from somewhere.
“There we go,” Mattaeus said. “A mating pair and we were between them.”
“Then that was even more dangerous for us.”
“Yes. Yes it was. The beast must have been truly frightened to not attack us and join its mate.”
“What are you thinking?”
“I need to go up and check the Temple. We cannot risk ignorance at this stage.”
“Very well,” Alura replied, but did not look forward to the hard scrabble up the mountain.
The trek up was not as hard as she had feared for the Shadow Ranger seemed to know the way. Of course he did, she thought, he would know all the weird and wonderful places in the Four Worlds. She wondered if he walked Chinerthia as well as the others. He was a well-known legend in Sylvae suggesting he spent enough time there, but that was what he was. A legend. Could he also walk the Black Queen’s World without being known? She also wondered how he knew of these places that others had forgotten; did he just chance upon them? And where did he get his knowledge? How had he heard or read a story about Gylar riding a Tykat? Was there a library out there that held all the old, old legends?
They came to a gap between two peaks and looking down, nestled amongst the highest peaks was a building. It looked like a tall thin spire with smooth sides of a grey material, but not the stone from these mountains. Perhaps it was made to look like the peaks that surrounded it. 
She could see at once that the Shadow Ranger had been right; there was something very wrong in that there was a large hole in one side of the temple.
“It is as I feared,” he said.
“What has done this?” she asked. “And why?”
“You know I do not cast assumptions, let us get down there and find the truth.”
That meant he knew, but wasn’t going to say unless he was one hundred percent sure. It was the same in the Forest of Duncarth when they had met the Celano. He would not say it at the time, but he had said that only one person was heralded by four Celano so he knew from that moment. Again these were people and things from the deep past, how did he know of them? How had he encountered them before? Just how old was he?
They walked down the slope, skidding and sliding on the loose scree until they reached the hole in the side of the temple. It was of an impressive size and Alura could see that the temple was split into rooms, the largest being on the ground floor. She looked at the outer wall and she knew exactly what had made the hole, but she had not the time to say it.
“It’s not here,” the Shadow Ranger said loudly.
“Oh, you. You’re not supposed to be here,” a voice replied, a voice she knew.
“Neither are you, fiend.”
“Fiend? Fiend?” Cyclo the Wicked asked turning around. “That is unkind.”
“It is a fitting description.”
Cyclo thought about it.
“I cannot deny it,” Cyclo smiled.
“It is not here,” Mattaeus said again.
“You, sir, are a busybody, has anyone told you that?” Cyclo asked.
“Not in so many words.”
“He has no sense of fun, how do you bear him?” Cyclo asked Alura, but she did not answer.
“The silent type? Best kind of woman,” Cyclo cackled and Alura felt the anger rise in her cheeks.
“This is your end, Cyclo,” Mattaeus said with a hand to the hilt of his sword.
“Oh, you are so boring,” Cyclo complained to the ceiling. “Cyclo must die, blah blah. You are but a one trick pony.”
The bolt of Magic hit him square in the chest and flung him against the wall.
“How’s that for a trick?” Alura asked.
“Ooh, very tasty,” Cyclo grinned, picking himself up.
“Do not waste your time nor talent on him,” the Shadow Ranger said.
“See? See? No fun at all,” Cyclo shook his head sadly. “So where is it?”
“Safe,” Mattaeus replied.
“It was not yours to take.”
“It certainly wasn’t yours.”
“Seriously, who do you think you are? Policing the Worlds. Who made you judge?”
“I did,” the Shadow Ranger growled and pulled his sword. “Both judge and executioner.”
“Ooh,” Cyclo squealed. “How wonderfully terrifying, but I’m afraid now is still not the time.”
The light in the temple darkened and Alura did not have to turn around to know what was blocking the hole. She had felt the swoosh of wind as it had landed.
“His name is Kerkartin, you would know that name, would you not?” Cyclo asked with a smile.
“Yes. I killed his father,” the Shadow Ranger said.
“Oh,” Cyclo’s face dropped. “That would explain a lot.”
The dragon outside gave a deep growl.
“Probably not the time to mention that,” Alura said.
“He is not half the dragon his father was and if I could best his father I can best him.”
The dragon stamped it’s feet.
“Now we’re having fun,” Cyclo said brightly. “But we are at an impasse. The fight to the death is between you and I, but I have not the time to kill you now. Therefore you will let me go or I will be forced to let Kerkartin have his revenge.”
Alura could feel the Shadow Ranger weighing it up. He knew that he would get to fight Cyclo eventually, but to let him leave was to let him continue in his evil ways. Cyclo had said that what they did helped him and the only way to resolve that was to kill him, to fight though could lead to their own deaths and they had much to do. A dragon was a hard beast to kill and Cyclo would not fall easily either.
Suddenly the situation changed as the light came back into the temple. Kerkartin had taken off. It was obvious that this was not what Cyclo wanted and he was unsure of what to do. There was a great roar from outside and Alura backed to the hole. Once outside she looked up and gasped; there was the crimson red Kerkartin, but there too was another deep purple dragon, not just those two but five others. Another two flew into sight as she walked up part of the mountain and saw that there were too many swooping around to count. She ran back into the temple.
“Dragons,” she panted. “Lots of them.”
Mattaeus looked from her to Cyclo and his mouth cracked into a grin.
“Now we’re having fun,” he said and was suddenly charging Cyclo with his drawn sword.
Cyclo met him with his own sword and the metal clashed. She watched, but there was no way she could use her Magic without hitting Mattaeus. They spun and slashed, metal clashing, the sound echoing around the temple.
There was nothing for her to do so she ran out of the temple and looked up to see the dragons fighting in mid-air. She knew that Nagendra and the three other dragons that had fought over the Magician’s Star had been out harassing Chinerthians and obviously others had seen or sensed Kerkartin. Perhaps other Rafastians had gathered to Kerkartin and that is what had brought the Wadasthiams. No doubt the bad dragons had plans for conquest, the dragon that had guarded the Stone of Aremis had said as much.
The dragons dived and swooped, clawed and bit. Fire was breathed as they circled and spun. One crashed down onto the peaks and another swooped in to finish it off, but it managed to roll away and take to the air as yet another dragon attacked the attacker. 
What, she wondered, had they unleashed with this Quest of theirs? A foolish belief that they could change the Balance, defeat the Black Queen and everything would be fine? They would create a power vacuum and she wondered who would fill it. The Shadow Ranger, perhaps?
She ran back into the temple to find that Cyclo was moving up a flight of stairs along the far wall, still fighting Mattaeus. She did not think there were many people in the Worlds that could last so long in a fight with the Shadow Ranger, but did not wish to think on what that meant about Cyclo. She thought she could use her Magic without hitting Mattaeus, though she feared that she would be interfering with some plan that he had and so stood there uselessly. Then there was a loud thud and the whole temple shook as a dragon was flung into its side. Cyclo took the opportunity to flee up the stairs. Mattaeus regained his balance and chased him up as again the temple shuddered and this time bits of masonry began to fall down from the walls.
“Shadow Ranger, we must go,” she called and ran for the stairs.
The building was shaking almost constantly now and larger chunks of masonry were falling from the walls. She could only imagine that a dragon was actually attacking the building. She got up to the next floor, but they were not there so she continued up. She got to the next floor to find the Shadow Ranger standing in the middle of a room protecting his head from falling masonry and a great hole in the wall where the crimson dragon had burst through. She could see Cyclo moving to get on the dragon; he was smiling and saying something. She raised her arms to fire magic, but she could collapse the whole building.
“Shadow Ranger,” she shouted and he looked over at her before looking back at Cyclo as he mounted the dragon.
And then he was running and making a motion with his hands. All around them the building was falling apart and as they ran down the stairs they felt the heat of the dragon bathing the room in fire. She understood why Mattaeus had run. They got out of the building just in time before it fell apart and they were forced to run up the mountain to avoid being crushed or buried.
“I told you something was wrong,” Mattaeus panted and then grinned.
“It still is,” she said and pointed to the sky.
“That is their battle, not ours. The Rafastians will pull back with Kerkartin leaving.”
“I’m sorry he got away.”
“Hard to fight a man with a pet dragon,” Mattaeus shrugged. “Let us get out of here before we are burnt to a crisp.”
CHAPTER VIII

Connor and Kaitlin had taken a much longer journey to the island of CaDeena and had arrived to find a lack of Chinerthians, but all the signs that they had been there. As they walked through the port they could see some of the wooden buildings had recently been gutted by fire or simply smashed by brute force. They decided to spend the night there before looking for ships that would take them on. 
In the inn they could overhear the people talking, talking about how the Chinerthians had taken two men with them as they travelled through. They weren’t, one woman sobbed, any threat to the Chinerthians, they weren’t rebels, just men of strong opinions.
There was even more alarming news of Varkurn walking the World. This news had come from someone coming from the Mid-Islands as well as carrier frane, the birds that were used to send messages. There was other discussion in the inn about whether the Varkurn were a real thing or not. The man who had come from the Mid-Islands swore that he knew one was coming this way. There was talk that they were looking for people, not suspected rebels like the Chinerthians were, but people who have come here from the other Worlds to spread their rebellion. The others did not like that, they did not want rebellion nor fighting. It was not a wise move, it was not an answer. Others said that those on the other Worlds would disagree, that they needed to fight to be free. Another voice questioned this, questioned whether violence ever solved anything and so it went around. 
Connor and Kaitlin slumped a little more into their corner and quickly finished their meals before heading up to their rooms.
“The Varkurn?” Connor asked.
“Beings from the Dark World, that is according to the stories. Servants to the Black Queen.”
“That means she knows that we exist, that we are here,” Connor worried.
“No. It means that she assumes we will keep coming through to Chinerthia. In a way it is good that we are split.”
“Remember what d’Gaz said though? That the closer we get, the more chance the Black Queen will sense you. Could these Varkurn also?”
She sat in thought for a moment.
“Yes. Yes, I think they could.”
“Then we can’t stay here.”
“Calm yourself,” she soothed. “This is something we will have to deal with. If they can sense me, then they will find us eventually. What we need to do is be prepared for that.” 
“And we are not prepared.”
“No, so we have to find out what they are, I need to be able to sense them as they sense me.”
“Now wait. I don’t know what you are thinking, but I think it could make us more obvious to these Varkurn,” Connor said.
Kaitlin smiled.
“Yes. Perhaps I was and perhaps you are right.”
“So we need to find somewhere where we can do that and not get caught out,” Connor thought aloud.
“You want me to do this?” she asked surprised.
“We have to know our enemy,” he said grimly.
She took his hand as they sat on the edge of the bed and looked into his eyes, a small smile playing on her lips, when there came a tapping on the window. Connor jumped up and looked at it.
“A bird,” he said with great relief.
She also stood and they watched the bird tapping at the window with its beak. It was a small bird with a puffed out blue chest.
“What is it doing?” she asked.
Then the bird stopped its tapping and motioned with its wings.
“No. Now what’s it doing?” Connor asked.
The bird continued to raise and lower its wings.
“I think it wants us to raise the window sash,” Kaitlin said.
“It’s a bird, Kaitlin.”
“Yes. Yes it is,” she said and walked over to the window.
“Wait,” Connor commanded grabbing her arm.
The bird began tapping again and then nodded its head at them. Connor released his grip and Kaitlin walked over and raised the window. The bird flew in and perched on the back of the one chair in the room.
“About time,” the bird said.
“What?” Connor asked in surprise.
“You don’t think all that tapping doesn’t hurt my beak?” the bird asked.
“We are sorry, we are not used to birds coming to visit,” Kaitlin apologised.
“It’s not exactly my idea of a good night out. There are worms out there to be eaten, you know?”
“I can only imagine,” Kaitlin said.
“Well, er, we don’t want to keep you,” Connor said.
“So you shouldn’t,” the bird replied. “You need to go west out of the town and follow the road until you see a copse of trees. Go in there and you can talk.”
“I’m sorry, talk to who?”
“My Mistress, she can help you. Dangerous times for you to be here.”
“It is dangerous,” Connor said. “I’m sorry, but how can we know to trust you?”
“You talked to your sister. She was still in Hokino, but assured you she was fine. She said that they had to take a detour on their way to the Portal,” the bird said huffily.
“It would take great Magic to intercept such a message, that does not comfort me,” Kaitlin frowned.
“Oh my,” the bird sighed. “If I was evil and had such Magic, do you really think I would set up such a trap and not just send a Varkurn to get you? Only those who are shielding themselves from the Black Queen would go to such an effort as this.”
“What you say is true,” Kaitlin said.
“Yes. I agree,” Connor nodded.
“Well, huzzah. Good for you. Did I mention the worms?”
“OK, OK, you can go. Thank you for your message,” Connor said.
“Honestly, it’s been a pleasure,” the bird said and rolled it’s eyes before flying back out of the window.
They both looked at the window for a short time.
“Wonders never cease,” Connor said.
“Do you really agree?”
“Yes. The bird was right, it is dangerous for us here, we need help. Wouldn’t the Chinerthians have been waiting for us if they knew? Why would they lure us out to a wood? You saw the burnt and smashed houses.”
“Then let us go and find out what this is about,” Kaitlin nodded.
%%%
It was past midafternoon by the time they saw the copse of trees, but Connor thought they could get back before the Sun set if they did not stay too long. They walked off the path and across long grass until they reached the trees and then entered their cool interior.
“Who?” Connor asked, but Kaitlin shook her head.
“I know not, but I remember d’Gaz’s words. There is more to this, more behind what we see.”
“Do you think that it has all been orchestrated from the beginning?”
“Orchestrated?”
“Set up? Do you think someone has been behind it all from the start?”
“Is that possible?” she asked.
“I don’t know; you know the Worlds better than I. I’ve said it before though; isn’t it weird that we bumped into the Shadow Ranger and then we came to you and you knew d’Gaz and he knew Mattaeus and Bell had started the Yokum rebellion that you had been a part of.”
“What about the Fury?”
“I try not to think on that.”
“But it is very coincidental that he was set free just as d’Gaz was in a position to fight him.”
“But they used you to set him free. That would suggest that the person who set this up did so for that reason,” Connor said.
She shook her head.
“No one has the power to create a Portal just to set the Fury free.”
It was too much for Connor to try and put together. He needed his little office, his books and time to think. Even then would he be able to put it all together? What he needed was more knowledge on the Four Worlds and their histories to piece the jigsaw together. He didn’t have that luxury, he could only go with what was given to him and try to understand it. He didn’t want to be in this wood, he wanted to be in his room and have time to think on it, but now they were entering a clearing in the middle of the trees and what was in there stopped all his thoughts.
She was majestic, hovering in the centre of the clearing, surrounded by a light blue glow.
“Well this is interesting,” she said.
“Who are you?” Kaitlin asked.
“And that is more interesting.”
“You are a Princess,” Connor said.
“And you,” the woman smiled and came to land on the grass, “are a good man. A sad and happy man.”
She looked at Kaitlin.
“A good man, happy to be with you,” she smiled a warm smile.
“The Princess of Air,” Kaitlin said.
“Is that all?” the Princess asked with a disappointed tone. “Oh, you don’t know. Let me see.”
“No,” Kaitlin said forcefully.
“Come, let me look. Oh, your sister has hidden it from you. I should have known.”
“You left us,” Kaitlin said angrily.
“So you do know. Deep down.”
“You summoned us here,” Connor said.
“I did, but you have to give me time with my daughter,” the Princess said.
“What?” they both asked at the same time.
“Your sister has put a spell on you. No doubt she thought it was for the best. That was always her,” the Princess said.
“You need to explain yourself,” Connor said stepping between Kaitlin and the Princess.
The Princess of Air smiled and nodded to herself.
“Yes. A good man.”
“No,” Kaitlin said and held her head.
The Princess looked pained.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t realise you didn’t know. I should have.”
“Yes, you should have,” Connor said angrily holding onto Kaitlin as she sagged.
“Mother?”
“My child,” the Princess said tenderly.
“I am Connor of the Shed, how do we go?”
“I am Saitran, it is well.”
“And you are…?”
“Yes, I am.”
“I knew, but I didn’t know,” Kaitlin said feebly.
“Your sister protected you.”
“Why?” Kaitlin said with desperation.
“To keep you safe.”
“You left her,” Connor accused.
“Temper your love with understanding,” Saitran scolded.
“Why are you here? Now?” Connor asked.
Kaitlin felt a surge of love for him, asking the questions that she wished to ask. Standing up for her when she could not.
“You are not safe, but there is more to it than that. Oh, I know what he wants and he knows I will give it.”
“You’re not making sense,” Connor said.
“Mother?” Kaitlin asked softly.
“I’m here, child. Daughter of mine. How I have loved you from afar,” Saitran said tenderly.
“Why from afar?”
“It was too dangerous for you. Your Father, he was from Sylvae, but he moved to Sophoi and he took on their Mark. That was part of his power; he could understand all the Marks. I never knew someone like him.”
“You need to explain,” Connor pressed.
“The Hokinoans hold the monopoly on Magic, strong Wizards and Magicians from other Worlds are an extreme rarity and the Magician’s Star do not like them. Your father helped them, but when he began to question them they planned to get rid of him. You see now that they could not know of your existence. And then the Black Queen arrived and it was even more important that no one know of your existence.”
“But coming here now endangers her further. If the Black Queen can sense this she will know you two have a link,” Connor said.
“I do not worry on mortals,” Saitran said crossly. “There are others to worry about, but do you think I would not protect my daughter?”
“I’m sorry.”
“So be it. I have come here because you have no one else. The Dark World has a hand in these events, there are games being played for more than just the Balance. You must go to Darwith, you must unlock your true nature, my daughter dear.”
“We’re supposed to go to Fownan,” she replied.
“None of your friends are there yet, each travels roads to find themselves. Before you go to Chinerthia all the secrets will become open and you will see clearly the strings that are pulled, by whom and why.”
“Are they safe? Our friends?”
“Your son. Yes, he is safe.”
“Thank you,” Connor said earnestly. “And I am sorry if I have been rude to you, Princess.”
“It is not a matter, I know your heart is true.”
“Do you have to go?” Kaitlin asked.
“I must, we are not supposed to interfere in this way until all is told. However,” she paused, “it would not be interfering if, Connor of the Shed, you found Cathar’s Air Blade in the long grass just there,” she nodded her head to a patch of long grass.
“Will I ever see you again?” Kaitlin asked as Connor walked over and picked a sword up out of the grass.
“Oh, my daughter dear, yes you will. With your sister, we will sit and talk and laugh and cry.”
“I look forward to it,” Kaitlin gave a smile through tears.
“Go now, a boat for Jun leaves at midnight, be on it. The Varkurn close in.”
The Princess of the Air once again hovered over the ground and then began to rise before disappearing suddenly.
“Are you OK?” Connor asked.
“It is so much to take in. We must go to this boat, once we sail I will sit and think on it all,” she gave him that weak smile and he hugged her.
 They made it back to their rooms before the Sun set, having gone past the port and bought tickets for the midnight sail. Once back they washed and packed ready for their midnight sail and then met and ate together. As the Sun set into darkness it was decided to try and get a few hours sleep before setting off. They could not be sure how well they would sleep once on the boat.
Connor didn’t know how long he’d been asleep when there was an urgent knock on his door.
“Who is it?” he asked lighting a candle.
“It’s me,” Kaitlin whispered.
He got up quickly and opened the door.
“Get dressed,” she said.
“What’s wrong?”
“Get dressed.”
“OK,” he walked back into the room and she followed and stood looking out of the window as he dressed.
“I felt something. I was dreaming of darkness and fear and I felt something and awoke.”
“What do you think…”
“Varkurn. I think one has arrived on the island.”
Now he could make out the edge of fear in her voice.
“How long have we got?”
“Another hour before boarding. I don’t think we should stay in one place.”
“I’m ready,” he said and she turned.
“Come, I need to grab my bag from the room.”
They walked down the hall and she grabbed her bag before they left the inn. The moon lighted the streets, but there were plenty of shadows.
“Do you know what this Varkurn is?” he asked
“Not really. Something from the Dark World. I don’t know if it’s ability to walk these Worlds makes it more or less dangerous.”
“What does it look like?”
“I don’t know. I heard one story only, from my sister, and she said it was like a man made of black mist.”
“Should be easy to spot,” Connor said trying to be light.
“It’s just a story, probably to scare children. They could be anything,” she said seriously.
“What do we do for the next hour then?”
“I do not know, I think we should keep moving though.”
They walked the empty streets, tensely staying away from shadows and dark back roads. They stayed silent as if talking might attract the Varkurn.
“Can you still feel it?” Connor asked eventually.
“Yes, I think so. Something different. It is no stronger though.”
“What else could it be?”
“I do not know. Anything I suppose, but…”
“Better to be safe than sorry,” he finished and she smiled at him.
They walked on for another ten minutes when suddenly Kaitlin stopped and put her hands to her head.
“What is it?” Connor asked alarmed.
“I think it has found our rooms.”
“Why?”
“If it got close to the inn our trace sense would have been something to investigate. It does not yet know us.”
“You,” Connor said. “It’s not tracking me.”
“What does that mean?”
“It means that if anything happens you have to get away, it will go for you not me.”
“I will not leave you.”
“You will, you will run. You have to get to Jun.”
“It is moving, it will have our sense now. It will be able to track us.”
“Let’s make our way to the ship.”
They moved through the streets, taking a winding route, trying to change direction often while still heading to the port. They arrived there to find it lit by lanterns and busy with fishermen. They were unloading boats of Caleco fish into carts filled with ice.
“It draws closer,” Kaitlin warned.
“That’s our ship.”
“We can’t get on until the last moment.”
“It’s going to be difficult. Do you think this thing will be able to fly or something? Get to us once we’ve sailed.”
“I know not,” she replied despondently.
They walked towards the ship and could see people milling around waiting for the boarding ramp to be lowered.
“Strange time for a ship to sail,” Connor commented trying to relieve the tension.
“It is here,” Kaitlin said with alarm.
“This street, away from these people,” he replied taking her arm.
They rushed down a darker street and stopped. Connor had left his old sword behind for the Air Blade, which he now drew. It felt light in his hand and the blade glowed a faint sky blue.
“You are the ones,” a gravelly voice rasped from the shadows.
“Show yourself,” Kaitlin commanded.
“With pleasure.”
It appeared in the moonlight, a skeletal looking figure wrapped in a swirling grey mist. It held a long, pitch-black sword.
“Strong Magic,” the Varkurn mused. “But we snack on such Magic in the Outerfield.”
“Then eat this,” Kaitlin scorned and threw a magical bolt at it.
It didn’t move or try to dodge as the bolt hit it, but then it wheeled backwards as if it had underestimated Kaitlin’s power. The sword in Connor’s hand was vibrating, feeling like it was pulling itself from his hand to the Varkurn so he charged forward and stabbed the Varkurn which in turn howled and the mist exploded apart.
“Is it dead?” he asked in shock.
“I know not. We must get to the boat.”
They ran back out to see people boarding their boat and they joined the line and walked up panting with fear and exertion.
“Run to make it, did we?” the ticket collector asked jovially.
“It was a close call,” Connor replied and then they were on the deck.
“We have made it,” Kaitlin said breathlessly.
“Eat this?” Connor asked with a grin.
“We will not speak on it again,” she said and then slipped an arm around him.
CHAPTER IX

It had not been smooth sailing for Bell and Tompo in such a small boat. Bell had had to learn quickly how to sail under the direction of Tompo. He had done so by following Tompo’s commands as quickly and as exactly as he could.
“Find the water,” Tompo had said. “Find its rhythm. Find the wind, find its rhythm. Tie your knots, change the sails, steer the rudder, row the oars all to their rhythms.”
They had sailed for a long time, all through the night, before they saw Cardew Island in the distance. It had been quite a night as they watched Lo whales migrating and had to work hard to avoid them. More danger came with the Lyke sharks that followed the whales hoping that one might become separated. Though one of the massive sharks came near the boat, it left them alone. As the Sun rose overhead they approached the island.
“For what reason is this the Forgotten Library?” Bell asked.
“The people of this World have always had the Mark of spirituality, but spirituality can be bad or good. Some followed the ways of the Thither, some of the Outerfield.”
“The Outerfield?”
“What most call the Dark World.”
“And the Thither?”
“The Thither is the Thither. Think of it this way, some followed the Righteous, some Nargel. So there were wars in their names, though the true reason behind every war is the same. Greed. You are either fighting to get more; stopping others taking more or trying to take back what was taken.
“Now there was one war, the last we ever had, and it was also the greatest, taking in the whole World. The War of Coderhone, there are many books on it in the library. Oh, I could spend the rest of your years telling you stories from that war.”
“Please do not,” Bell said.
“No. There was one battle, the Battle of Haffron Sands. The Lindsmen were retreating from the Coderhoners, trying to get to a fleet of ships that were waiting for them. The Coderhoners knew this though and sent a fleet of their own. There was a terrible sea battle as well as the two sides clashing as they reached the shore. It was a massacre for both sides on and off the water.
“It was after this battle that Namo was helping to throw the bodies into the water to be taken by the sharks. He walked the beach and saw that the sand and water were both red with blood, but he noted that where the water came up the beach it was being cleaned. He came back early the next day to see that a lot of the blood had soaked through the sand and that the water was a much lighter shade of red. Again he went back late that afternoon to find that more blood had disappeared from the sand and sea.
“It was there that he started his philosophy about how it mattered not what people did, the oceans and all natural life continued as if nothing had happened. That men and women would come and go and nature would revert back to its natural state. This led the people of the World to the wisdom to see their true place in the order of things.”
Through this explanation Bell had dropped the sails and rowed up to the beach. Now they both got up and pulled the boat to shore.
“So this library holds knowledge from before the teachings of Namo?”
“Exactly. Knowledge that people no longer had an interest in. It was largely forgotten by the time the Chinerthians invaded and then it was willfully hidden.”
“But why? Wouldn’t that knowledge help you fight against the Chinerthians?”
“They would destroy the books long before we Sophoins would be able to change our ways enough to use it.”
They walked up the beach. The island was small, just a low mountain surrounded by a ring of thick forest and then the beach. Tompo led them along the undergrowth until they reached a certain point and he pushed through the ferns.
“The forest is almost impenetrable except for this path,” he said.
Path was a generous term as they pushed their way through, but Bell was used to such terrain back on Sylvae and moved easily. It did not take them long to reach the base of the mountain and then they walked around it until they were on the opposite side and there was a cave entrance. They walked in and Tompo lit two torches that were left there.
“The whole of the mountain is hollow,” Tompo said. “It must have been a volcano once. Somehow the water got in and solidified the lava.”
The tunnel in was short and then they were met by a cavern and Bell could see all the way up to the top which had a hole in and light streamed down. They doused the torches as it was light enough to see and Tompo worried about having fire near the books. The books themselves were kept around the edge in shelves carved out of the stone. Wooden covers were laid in front of them to keep off rain. Tompo walked to one and took away the cover. Behind were twelve thick books.
“The complete history of the War of Coderhone. Did I mention he was a Chinerthian?”
“No.”
“Does not matter really. Just fascinating,” he replaced the cover and then walked to another.
He removed it and took down a book and gave it to Bell before walking to another wall and dragged some pieces of wood to the centre where Bell helped him put it together as a table and chair.
“Sit and read, there are a couple of other books I need to find.”
Bell sat and opened the book. It was certainly old and seemed to deal with the time around which the current peoples of the Worlds were appearing. There were chapters on how and where these people first came about; there were chapters outlining how and why the Marks came about, but Bell did not have the time for such things. One chapter, however, did catch his eye and he turned to it.
It was a story about a man, some say it was the great king Gylar himself. Whoever it was had gotten the attention of the Righteous himself due to his goodness, but also due to the Princess Alathena’s love for him. He was given rule over the Dark World; given the duty to judge the dead and to bring peace and goodness to the Outerfield.
It was not long after that, the story went on, that Nargel, one of the Three Woes, who was only interested in gaining power, influenced the Princess. He twisted her with his words and corrupted her with his ideas; he spun tales of great power through ruling the Dark World (the book notes that it was not known as the Dark World until Nargel took over). She still loved the man and tried to convince him to do the things Nargel was suggesting, but he would not. Could not for he was a good man. He decided to give up his rule in the hope that she would leave with him and, being away, return to her old self, but she was more corrupted than he knew and she would not leave. He would not, could not fight her (by then he had found out about Nargel’s influence over her) and he left. It was then that Nargel took over and the Dark World became a dark and evil place indeed.
“Reading the rise of Nargel?” Tompo asked.
“Yes, who are the three Woes?”
“The Three Woes. There is Nargel, he is filled with greed and lust; TKomptos the Traveller, loneliness, bitterness and regret and finally Sandine, filled with hatred and destruction. However, it is said that Sandine’s body was destroyed, and exists in the Dark World as the Spirit of Fury.”
“Fury?” Bell asked.
“Yes, why?”
“No matter. Why show me this book?”
“You have to understand what is out there. It has long been considered that the Black Queen is in league with Nargel.”
“Surely all this is myth; the Righteous, Nargel and the Dark World,” Bell said and then thought of the Princess. She was real.
“No, that is what you have to realise. Remember Nargel lusts after power and the Book of Five Worlds gives that.”
“You know of the Book?”
“Of course. Another thing people assume is myth.”
“There is more to the Worlds than I know,” Bell admitted.
“It is the same for all of us,” Tompo assured him. “Now look at this.”
He opened another book and flicked through its pages.
“A company of soldiers from before the time of Namo. They did not agree that his philosophy meant a laying down of arms, they argued that the Chinerthians were still only a Portal away. They were looked down upon as wanting to continue the old ways of thinking, outcast from society if they didn’t reform their ways. 
“Hence the name, The Company of the Damned. 
“They lived on the island of Gobur and as there were both women and men in the company they bred, farmed, lived and taught their children the art of war until the Chinerthian attack. The new generation mobilised, they thought people would join with them, but they didn’t. The people of this World took their new situation philosophically. Like the oceans, things would settle eventually.”
“So they were destroyed by the Chinerthians,” Bell said.
“Not quite. They could not fight directly so they harried the Chinerthians, but it was to no real affect. They retreated to Gobur where the Chinerthians found them and attacked, but they had made their island impenetrable.
“After a number of attempts the Black Queen sent in the Varkurn. After that they disappeared and no one knows where they went.”
“So?”
“When people went to look, expecting to bury bodies they found none. What they found was a great hole in the island. Of course, nobody could be sure that it had not always been there, or excavated by the people of the Company, but they found a symbol at the bottom, on the floor of the hole. This one.”
He flicked a few pages.

 
“What does it mean?”
“At first no one knew, but a book appeared talking of dark things. The Outerfield, what we know as the Dark World; of Nargel and many other things. Histories and stories talking of places we had not heard of. From that book we discovered that the symbol was the mark of the Varkurn. Amongst those of us that had read it there came a feeling that the symbol on the floor acted as a portal between this World and the Dark World.”
“Abterrne,” Bell said.
Tompo nodded.
“People had tried to populate the island, but they went missing or were found in boats either dead or mad. One of the people who had read the book was Shanob. He went and lived on the island and built a temple to Nargel there. Evil things were done on that island until Shanob was found dead. Tied to the mast of a boat on the beach of another island.
“You brought me all this way to tell me this?”
“To show you. Read it yourself. If I had not you would have shrugged it off, not have been ready for what awaits you.”
“This is foolish, but I will indulge you.”
“There are stories here, stories of the Company. Bell, if you are to invade Chinerthia, you will need an army. There is evidence to suggest that someone could raise them from the Dark World as they are not actually dead.”
“Not dead?”
“No. Taken down there alive. Stories say that they live in the Thither, protect it from the likes of the Varkurn. There have been visions and there are prophecies written long before of a Damned Captain raising an army on Sophoi.”
“A damned captain is not a Captain of the Damned,” Bell said.
“There is enough.”
“Show me.”
“We do not keep the books of prophecy here, too dangerous. Please read the histories.”
“Very well.”
CHAPTER X

The Battle of Naewton’s Plain would be the first large-scale battle of the rebellion. When it had come to Sylvae it had been swift and unexpected, by the time the Chinerthians were really aware that it had happened, the Foreshadow of the Balance had already moved into Hokino and were collecting the Stones of Aremis. The Battle for Golgathlind had been big, but the Chinerthians were still on the back foot, trying to put out spot fires rather than tackling the blaze.
Now they were ready, the distance between the Chinerthian/Sophoi Portal and the Sophoi/Hokino Portal wasn’t as great as trying to get troops to Sylvae and they could amass. Which is what they were doing as they came through the Portal to Hokino. Scouts had gone ahead, the last two groups not making it back alive, but the first two had brought back enough information to work on. They knew the best place to form up for a fight and riders had made it back from Golgathlind to inform on the Hokinoans strength. That had taken the Chinerthians back, they had not realised that there was a fully formed army in the form of the combined Stormclouds, Stone Hunters and Red Cloaks.
It was this army that was forming up to fight them.
“What are their numbers?” Thunderground asked from his tent.
“Large, Sir, hard to be accurate, but about the same as ours,” a Stormcloud soldier, or Rainmaker, told him.
“More will come through the Portal,” Btolomy said.
“And the Sylvaen Army will come to match them,” Thunderground replied. “Nothing much we can do to stop them.”
“Perhaps I could go,” Btolomy suggested.
“No. I need you here; we need your Magic. Perhaps the Foreshadow will be able to do something in Sophoi.”
“What news of the Magician’s Star?” Dalius, the Huntsman, leader of the Stone Hunters, asked.
“I would have thought you would know that.”
“No,” Dalius shook his head sadly. “They wanted us to get the Stones, but they didn’t like our size, didn’t like how we fought the Chinerthians. I think they didn’t like our ability when they felt they had none. Now they have it back they have shut themselves away from us.”
“I must go and talk to them,” Btolomy, the Wizard, said.
“I told you I need you here,” Thunderground said forcefully.
“You will need more than one Wizard on the battlefield if their numbers grow.”
“So be it. Ride fast and return to us.”
Though Thunderground felt that Btolomy should once again lead the Stormclouds, he had declined. Thunderground was their leader now and he had been fighting with them while Btolomy had been holed up reading books. He also knew that he would not be able to fight in their army; that he would need to go forward into Chinerthia. What Thunderground’s army needed was Magic, and that meant the Magician’s Star. He didn’t think that they themselves would fight, but they were the ruling body. They were, or should be, organising the people, sending out decrees and rallying the people against the Chinerthians and towards freedom. 
He feared though that they had not only shut themselves away from the Stone Hunters, but the people also. Shut themselves away with their Stones, relishing the Magic that they had not felt before, becoming strong as they tested and tried it. It could, he feared, corrupt them. Such power would mean they did not need to fear the Chinerthians, need not fear nor answer to anyone. Or so they might think. Power without wisdom was a dangerous thing, it led to pride and arrogance and deaf ears to the needs of others.
And so he raced his horse back to the Capital City of Golgathlind in the hope of reaching the Star and raising a unit of magicians for the army. Not only that, but raising an army of Hokinoans to take back their lands.
It was as he feared when he reached the city. They had secured it before they left and had considered that the Star would take over, form defences, but that had not happened. As he rode in he could see civilians fighting against Chinerthian Guards who had headed to the city to retake it. More would come too, there would be many across the World and others that had fled from Sylvae. Or worse, they would not come, they would see that the Capital City was untakable and form a new one. The Magician’s Star seemed to think that the return of the Stones of Aremis meant they had won, had taken their World back when in reality the Chinerthians still ruled everywhere else.
He used his staff to blast Chinerthians as he passed and could see other Hokinoans doing the same with their newly returned magical abilities. It would help as they could stay away from the Chinerthian blades, but it would not be enough.
As he approached the Magician’s Star he collected a group of civilians around him. He didn’t ask and they said nothing. He was riding through helping where he could and they seemed to see him as a leader, or at least a leader figure. He was the only one who was moving with purpose and so people started to follow him. He deliberately slowed his ride so that they could keep up with him and began commanding them where and when to fire their Magic as well as instructions as to how to control it better.
When they reached the building of the Magician’s Star he felt it. How had he not before? Too busy fighting? It mattered not as he should have known it all along. There was no time to mess around, even if it made him more visible to the Black Queen and others. He raised his staff and the great doors to the building opened.
“Come in,” he said to his group of followers and shut the door behind them. “You’ll be safe in here, but do not follow me up.”
They were suitably impressed by his ability with Magic to follow his instructions. He himself ran up the stairs and burst into the Magician’s Star. There they were, sitting with the Stones in a star pattern, but they were all in a trance-like state. They had gone into the Outerfield.
Of course they would have. Nargel. Nargel would have felt the returning power and seen it as a chance to gain that power for himself. He could not stand others to have power that he did not and these Magicians had never known the power of the Stones of Aremis, perhaps no one alive had. Nargel would have come with sweet words and promises; he would show them how to harness the power of the Stones and lure them with tales of power and wealth and they would have followed him into the Outerfield where he would ultimately consume and control them.
And suddenly he knew, he saw it all from beginning to end, but he could not think on it, he had to enter the Outerfield and bring the Magicians back. He planted his feet and staff on the ground in a strong stance and then closed his eyes, it was not hard for him for he knew the way and suddenly he found himself there.
Or not there.
He was in what looked like the floor of an arena. A circle surrounded by high walls and surrounding him were the five Magicians of the Star. Very clever, he thought to himself, use the Magicians to take him out. It couldn’t have been known that he would come here though and that suggested that plans were being drawn up on the fly, that they were responses rather than worked out with foreknowledge. Btolomy smiled to himself.
“You cannot take what is rightfully ours,” one of the Magicians said.
“That is not my intention.”
“You lie,” a female Magician cried.
“It will be taken if you are not fit for rule, but that is not yet the issue,” Btolomy told them.
“You are not powerful enough, not against the Star,” another male Magician said.
“No one is,” the other female said.
“You put too much faith in gimmicks,” Btolomy said.
Another male laughed.
“These are not gimmicks, this is real power, real power that we wield.”
“To your own devices,” Btolomy said, but he knew that words would not release them from the spell.
He hefted his staff and moved into a fighting position.
“You dare to challenge us?” one asked.
“We will crush you,” a woman said.
“Then let us be on with it,” Btolomy replied calmly.
Three of the five rushed him and he spun, clocking each with his staff. Another came in and he sent a ball of magic at them. This was the Outerfield, they were not really here, not really physically fighting, but mentally. Each of Btolomy’s blows were pleas to see the truth, to free themselves from Nargel’s grip. He has no good in him; he is using you; this is not what the Stones were given for. In reply each of the Magicians blows were arguments against and accusations that he wished to take the Stones for himself. In such a mental battle it wasn’t the strength of the argument, but the force with which they hit. The stronger Btolomy could hit them with the truth the more the entrapment of their minds would crack until it would shatter and they would be free.
Or they would destroy his own mind.
He ducked a sword and parried another staff before striking out. He had them on the back foot, they had misjudged his power for they did not know him and their circle was rough. They could not all attack at once as they were tiring from his magical, mental blows.
He fired a bolt at one of the women and she crumpled to her knees, head down. A man yelled and charged, but Btolomy dodged right and took a blow to the shoulder. He staggered and another hit him on the back before he was able to duck and turn, taking out the Magician’s legs with his staff. He straightened and clonked another on the head before being knocked from behind, staggering he used his staff to keep himself from falling and turned just in time to duck another blow and land a blow of his own.
And suddenly they weren’t there.
He was standing looking at the Magician’s Star as they groggily got to their feet.
“Welcome back.”
“We have been fools,” one of the female Magicians said sadly.
“It’s not your fault, the power of the Stones is great. I should have stayed with you as you explored it,” Btolomy shook his head.
“Still, we are grateful and sorry,” one of the men said.
“It has not all been for nought,” Btolomy stroked his beard. “I have learned some things. For now you must set up a defence, you must defeat the Chinerthians.”
He spent some time with them talking over the Stones of Aremis and how to channel their power, he had actually known the Magician’s Star before the Stones were taken and knew some of what those, now dead, Magicians had done. 
He had brought up those he had left in the entrance of the building so they too could share the advice on controlling their Magic and then he asked them if they would be willing to join Thunderground’s army to which they all agreed.
Procuring horses for his new unit of Magicians they set off across land to rejoin the army. Throughout the journey Btolomy spouted wisdom, warfare and ways to use Magic.
When they reached the camp Btolomy could see it had grown some and could see the darker skinned Hokinoans amongst the Stormclouds. Some were Stone Hunters, but not all, civilians come to fight. Once the Star began contacting its people through the Magic maybe more would come too.
He left his unit and went straight to Thunderground’s tent.
“How do we go?” he asked entering.
“It is well, we have had our first scuffle and hear news of dragons,” Thunderground told him.
“Dragons?”
“Aye, some locals have joined us, one was saying that dragons fought over nearby mountains. Near the town of Pavilli’s Gate.”
“The Shadow Ranger, no doubt,” Btolomy said also knowing of the temple there.
“Why do you say that?”
“It matters not, there are more important things at hand.”
“What worries your face so?” Thunderground asked concerned.
Btolomy gave a brief summary of his adventure at the Star.
“He’s behind it all, I tell you,” he finished.
“Nargel? Is he not a mere legend? There is not a place we go when we die,” Thunderground said.
“If that is so, how did I just fight five Magicians there?”
“Four worlds then five, now you say there are other planes,” Thunderground looked pained trying to accept it.
“The Shadow Ranger would not question me for he knows the truth,” Btolomy scolded.
“Forgive me, you know more of the Worlds than I.”
“Listen to me. What if Nargel opened that Portal to the Fifth World?”
“Why? Why would he want to bring a young boy through?”
“I don’t know, perhaps it was to set this very chain of events in action. No. Perhaps he did not mean for the boy and his Father to find the Portal.”
“You have a mind like none I have ever met, Master,” Thunderground said, “but this does not make sense. If anything, this has happened and everyone is trying to use it as best they can.”
“No. No, there is too much here, more than I even share with you, my old friend,” he thought. “I must go to Sophoi.”
“I told you that I need you here.”
“Then you are to be disappointed. We all knew this was more than what it was, but if it is more than that then we are in greater danger than we thought. I must find them, Perr.”
Thunderground saw the determination and fear in his master’s face and had to relent.
“I have to ask you one thing. If this is all about something else, is what we do for nothing?”
“Not at all,” Btolomy said standing. “We have been given the chance to free the Worlds from the Chinerthian grip. We have been given the chance to restore Balance. That is the most important thing for it affects the everyday people of the Worlds. Without them, what are we?”
“Then I will do my duty and let you worry on the things beyond my comprehension.”
“You grew up from a fine child to a fine man, it is my sorrow that I was not there to be with you through it all,” Btolomy said sadly.
Thunderground shook his head.
“You do the things that need to be done. Much weight is now, as it always has been, on your shoulders.”
Btolomy left the tent saddened by what Thunderground had said. He had always believed in him, always thought he was doing right for others, not knowing that he had hidden away. Left them to their own fates.
Btolomy was ashamed.
He got on his horse and rode.
CHAPTER XI

“You can choose. Hide there or come and eat,” d’Gaz said in a loud voice.
There was rustling from the small lifeboat at the back of his sailing ship, but no one appeared.
“Suit yourself. I’ll just eat this steamed Grahm bird myself.”
There was more rustling and then she poked her head above the cover.
“How did you know I was here?” she asked poutily.
“I know my ship,” he replied. “What you have done is foolish.”
“I told you it was not the last; you did this to me with your stories. I want stories of my own,” the girl said.
d’Gaz looked at her; she must have been in her late teens, strong from fishing and swimming, no doubt good with a boat. He sighed. This was not good, but he couldn’t go back to Gerder now and he was loath to just leave her on a random island.
“Stories is what you will get,” he warned, “but perhaps not stories that you will want.”
“Being stuck on Gerder until some boy comes and takes me away to another island is not a story that I want.”
He sighed again.
“That I can understand. Here, eat.”
They sailed on, sharing the jobs of keeping the small craft going. Though it was a small boat it was still big enough to be difficult to sail alone and so d’Gaz was happy to have Roma, as was her name, with him. It also gave him time to think about what was ahead of him.
“What thoughts make your face so troubled?” Roma asked him.
“These are troubled times,” he said and began to outline the story of the Foreshadow, leaving out the details of the Fifth Worlders and the Portal.
“You travel with the Shadow Ranger? Mother retold your stories of him. Tell me the one about him and the Princess of Fire.”
“You know it already.”
“But I want to hear it from you. First hand.”
“You know already that she is with Nargel, she shares in his power as ruler of the Dark World. I don’t know why she decided to do so, but fire is wild and cannot be tamed. He met her in his travels across the Worlds and he saw something in her, something good. You must remember that the Princesses were born out of goodness and that she was seduced. I cannot say what he saw, but he fell for her and she for him, perhaps it is that way that opposites attract.
“He thought he could save her and she thought they could overthrow Nargel and rule together. It was unhappy and unhealthy, but still they were drawn together until the Shadow Ranger decided that he should kill Nargel.”
“But Nargel was a coward,” she said excitedly.
“He was, he sent many of his minions against the Shadow Ranger who fought and defeated them all until he was close. That was when the Destroyer, Sandine, came. They fought hard across a whole day before the Shadow Ranger slew him. Or at least thought he had. Though Sandine’s body died, his spirit returned to the Dark World.
“The fight took too much out of the Shadow Ranger, he could not go on and fight Nargel and he knew that if he tried again it would be the same. Instead he went from World to World doing good and helping people. Destroying evil wherever he went as a way of fighting Nargel. Destroying his sway in the Worlds.”
“And still he roams,” she said wistfully, repeating the end that her Mother had told her.
“No. Not anymore. Now he is on this Quest with me and I fear he will use it to make another attempt at Nargel.”
“Would he win?”
“He would, but to what cost? The Princess knew he did not want to rule in Nargel’s place and if he did defeat him then she would lose her power. I think before he reached Nargel he would have to face her and fight her he could not.”
“That’s so beautiful,” she sighed. “True love. On Gerder it is the boys who come and choose the girls.”
“It is not so beautiful. As our destination is still only a speck on the horizon let me tell you another story of Alathena and her love, from much longer ago. Maybe it will shed light on the previous story.
“There was once a great king named Gylar, have you heard of him?”
“No,” she shook her head and let the sail out a little more to catch the wind.
“He lived a long time ago, after the War of the Great End. He was a great man with a spirit stronger than any before and any since; it led some people to believe that he had been born in the Thither. Whether that is true or not as he grew he saw the new peoples of the Worlds fighting for control began to lead. Again it was that Woe, Nargel who was causing problems, trying to influence the people and who would win. Gylar fought for justice and peace, but he would only turn to fighting if he was forced. Ultimately he was force, forced to hunt and fight Nargel, expelling him from the Four Worlds and after that Gylar became a great king with influence and power across all the Worlds.
“After decades of peace and each world forming it’s own governments and marks Gylar died, but, they say, never set foot in the Land of the Dead. Instead, due to his deeds and righteous spirit, he was given rule over the whole Outerfield, what we call the Dark World. Nargel, however, was bitter and hated Gylar for his power and he seduced and corrupted the Princess against her true love until Gylar gave up his rule, hoping to take her away. Instead Nargel took his place and she stayed with him, sacrificing love for power.”
“That’s awful,” Roma frowned.
“Aye, it is. In the Days of Peace and Establishment Gylar had been made King by the people of Sylvae and he was buried there. There is a version of that tomb in the Dark World and still she resides there.”
“Why?”
“To torment him? Bitterness? The Outerfield runs on complex Lore and some tales says that she stops him from entering the Land of the Dead and losing him forever. She had tried to get him to rule with her in the way that Nargel wanted. She wanted what Nargel promised, but she wanted it with Gylar.”
“But he was too good to be like that,” she said.
“Aye. He wanted fairness and peace, not power.”
“I hate her,” Roma said angrily.
“Be careful what you say,” d’Gaz warned.
“She cannot hear me. Can she?”
“The Princesses hear a lot. Look now, the island draws close and your own stories begin.”
Later they dropped anchor and used the little lifeboat to row to shore.
“What island is this?” Roma asked looking around.
The island was not large and rose from the thin beach into a grass-covered hill. As far as she could see there was not a single tree on the island.
“Altersee,” d’Gaz told her.
“How come the grass is so short?”
“The Golau birds eat it. Come on.”
They walked up the beach and onto the grassed hill.
“You return finally,” a voice said from behind them.
“Princess,” d’Gaz said before turning. “Spying on me?”
“Keeping a watch. I am happy you are here, but I wish to know your reasons.”
“Who is that?” Roma asked alarmed.
“It is Tarquaine, the Princess of Water,” d’Gaz said.
“May the passage of the Keie whale nourish my people,” Roma exclaimed.
“And who do you think makes sure it does?” the Princess asked.
“My apologies, Princess, it is merely an oath of my people.”
“I am well aware of your people and your ways. Now, Murtagh?”
“What once was started comes to an end,” he said.
“So this is for him?” she asked angrily.
“There are but two ways for you and yet that is not the way the Worlds work,” he replied angrily. “I do this so that an end may come and I fight no longer. Then I will return.”
“I am sorry, Murtagh,” she said with sorrow and the water around her grew angrier.
“You know my heart and you know why I made my choices. You also know that it tore my heart and soul to do so.”
“I know,” she wept. “I have kept the island safe for your return.”
“And I thank you.”
“Come back,” she said and dissolved into the now placid ocean.
“Good enough story to start with?” d’Gaz asked grumpily.
“Good enough,” Roma beamed.
They walked up the hill to find that it held nothing but an outcrop of rocks.
“Here,” he said and with all his strength, pulled one rock away.
Behind it was darkness.
“Come on.”
They squeezed into the gap and Roma could feel that there was a path behind it, descending down into the hill.
“It’s too dark,” she said.
“It will grow lighter. There is nothing in your way until you can see again.”
It did grow lighter as they travelled down, but she never saw where the light came from. They arrived into a chamber cut into the core of the hill and it was nearly as bright as daylight despite there being no torches. In the middle of the chamber was a pile of rocks and stones that were built up to about half the height of d’Gaz.
“This will become strange. For a few minutes I will be as still as stone. Do not be alarmed, it will pass and then we will leave.”
“What is happening?”
“That is not for your stories,” he said.
He walked over to the pile of stones and touched the very top one.
And suddenly he was there. In the Outerfield.
“Where are we?”
He spun around.
“How did you get here?” he asked angrily.
“I don’t know, I watched you touch the stone and then we were here,” Roma frowned.
“Peace, child, I am not angry with you. You should not have been able to come here.”
“Where are we?”
“This is the Dark World.”
“I don’t want to be here,” she started to sob.
“Be at peace, nothing here can harm us.”
“Why not?”
“Because I will not let it,” he said drawing his cutlass. “You are true that you did not touch the stone?” 
“I did not do any such thing.”
“No, it should not work for you anyway.”
“What is the stone?”
“Think of it as a portal.”
“And where is this thing you seek?” she asked looking around.
“Not here, we must travel.”
“Why would you not leave it here, next to the portal?”
“Because then everyone would know where it was,” d’Gaz explained.
“I do not like the idea of travelling through the Dark World.”
“You are the one who stowed away on my ship, you are the one who wanted stories. Do you really think that is what the Worlds are like? Fun adventures and wild stories?” he said angrily.
“I’m sorry,” she burst into fresh tears.
He pulled a hand down his face.
“Do not weep, all shall be well.”
“How can you know?” she asked wiping her eyes.
“Because I did not bring you here, someone else did.”
“I do not understand,” she sniffed.
“Nor do I yet. Let us find out.”
They walked out of the cavern and she found that they were in a gorge. Behind and in front of her the rock walls continued up and down beyond seeing. In front of them was a bridge made of rock that connected the cavern they appeared in to the other wall of rock. The bridge seemed to be part of both walls, a natural formation and was so long that it took them an hour to cross it. Roma could hear the sound of rushing water from deep below them, but did not walk to the edge to see. Instead she asked d’Gaz who told her it was the River Olance and that it wound all through the Dark World. They reached the other side and Roma looked up, but could not make out the top of the rock wall, so high that it was. On this side there was a tunnel that ran through the rock wall and on the other side she found that they were high up on a ledge. Below them the land spread out in fields and forests and she could make out two towns or cities. It was a lot like the real world, but here everything was in odd colours, deep purples and dark reds. Browns, blacks and putrid yellows. Even the sky was shot through with the same purple colour.
“Are they towns?” she asked.
“One is, the other is a city, the city of Tarquite. It used to exist on Sylvae. Well it still does, but only as ruins.”
“Why is it here?”
“They are known to those who remember as the Blighted Cities. Cities or towns that held evil people or Dark Magic. They were all destroyed because of it.”
They began to descend a steep staircase carved into the rock face.
“Tell me more to take my mind off these steps,” she said trying not to look at the plunge she would take if she stumbled.
“On your own Sophoi there was a city called Kzasnthian. Remember I told you Nargel once tried to influence the people of the Worlds, help those of an evil nature to win? He disguised his true self and lived in that city. Ultimately he and his followers were defeated and the city razed. It was felt that even the ground had been polluted by his evil and needed to be wiped clean.”
“So the dead live in these places.”
“No. Well look, it is better that you think of this place as much like your own world. There are things that have lived here a long time, some that were born here. It is more complicated than just a place where the dead go.”
“Very well,” she said slowly, trying to get her head around it.
It’s just another world, she thought, just like Hokino or Chinerthia, but just so different. Well, how could she say that? She had never been to another World, never been off of Gerder; perhaps all the other Worlds were as different to Sophoi as this was.
Finally they reached the bottom of the great wall and looking back she was surprised that she was not at all tired, not one muscle ached from the long descent.
“Now where?”
“I need to go to Colax, ask a few questions,” d’Gaz said.
CHAPTER XII

Dylan, Lucas, DeWilder and Dawna had reached the other side of the island without any problems other than the increasing heat. At one point they had left the path and pushed through the undergrowth until they came across another path. Dawna explained that it was to keep the path hidden and they would have to do it another few times. They were just being extra safe, but the truth was that the hunters were the only ones that came out here and they stayed on the tours. It wasn’t wise to wander the forest unless you knew it and anyway, it is up in the mountains that the hunters go for the Tykats.
And so they had arrived to find a beach with a boat and not too far out to sea was another, smaller island.
“That is where we are going,” DeWilder said. “Pull the boat out into the water.”
As Lucas rowed Dylan wondered.
“Why didn’t we just do this from the start?” Lucas complained.
“I was just thinking the same thing. Why all the hidden paths if someone could just row or sail to the island?
“You cannot,” DeWilder said. “It used to be part of the island, but it sunk. All around the water is shallow and breaks the hull of boats. It’s well known and as there is nothing on the island people do not bother.”
“So this is the only passage,” Dylan said.
“Yes, it must have been a valley or some such,” Dawna said. “To our left and right the water becomes too shallow even for this boat.”
Dylan looked both left and right and could see rocks sticking up through the waves. Not rocks, if Dawna was right, but the highest parts of the sunken land.
They reached the island in a short time with Lucas’ powerful rowing. They had to use a rope to tie up the boat as there was no beach, just craggy rocks. If this island had sunk, Dylan thought that this must have been the peak of a mountain.
“This way, watch your step,” Dawna said and led them up and around the island. 
There was a rough path that they followed, but Dylan thought it was merely the erosion from Dawna and Dewilder’s visits. Perhaps others came here; Dylan wondered just how many people knew of the old stories, might they come out to fight?
They spiralled up the island and it was quite shocking to come around the other side and have nothing but a steep drop between them and the ocean. Under the lapping waves Dylan could just see the island sloping away and a little further out he could see more land just under the waves.
“Couldn’t you swim to here from a boat?” he asked.
“Dangerous waters. Snakes live in the shallow waters,” DeWilder explained.
“Snakes?” Lucas asked.
“Snakes can swim,” Dawna said. “It is thought that when the island sank they had to spend more time in the water until they just stayed there. I’ve never seen one come onto the island.”
“And they would attack a swimmer?” Dylan asked.
“They eat fish mainly, but some have grown to a giant length and rely on larger fish or mammals coming in.”
“I once saw a Keie whale swim in amongst the peaks; that is what we call the area around the island. It was obviously stuck, trying to find a way out. It was not pretty to watch when the snakes came for it,” Dawna shook her head at the memory.
“It is the circle of life,” DeWilder said. “Here we are.”
They were at a small cave high up near the top of the peak. DeWilder walked in and they followed.
“Stop,” he warned them.
They waited in the dark and then a torch was lit and they followed DeWilder down a path next to the wall before he told them to stop again and more torches were lit. As they were lit Dylan could see that they were on a circular ledge running around the wall and in the middle was a large hole. Looking over the edge he could see water.
“There must have been a cave lower down and this flooded,” Dawna answered his unasked question.
“Do you not worry for your books?” Lucas asked.
“It does not rise high enough,” DeWilder said.
“Find somewhere to sit,” Dawna said and DeWilder walked off to fetch the books.
DeWilder brought a couple of books and sat down next to them. He opened one and started to show Dylan some passages and explaining them. He said that this one was an old prophecy, written by the Chonbium people at what was thought to be the same time that the Book of Five Worlds was written.
What the writer said was that there had been a first age, then had come war and that was the second age and then new people were coming into the worlds and that would be the third age, but they would be held captive in the fourth age and freed for the fifth age. The fifth age would be one of exploration followed by an age of war and then the seeds of time tell no more.
Dylan wasn’t sure that he believed in prophecies, but it sounded pretty correct from the bits and pieces he had learnt. The Chonbium had had a war and then the people who lived on the Worlds now had come and then they had been controlled over by the Black Queen. He considered whether that meant that they would succeed and start the fifth age, but decided that he couldn’t put hope in such an old prophecy. Something he didn’t know he believed in and it wasn’t specific enough. Perhaps he was translating it in the way he wanted. If they were in the fourth age then it only said that eventually freedom would happen. Everything happened eventually.
DeWilder opened another prophecy about the end of the fourth age ending in war. 
“Here,” he said and then read. “The sailor will return to shore as a storm builds in the Outerfield and from the thunder and rain the king will come to reclaim his crown.”
“What does it mean?” Dylan asked.
“I know not,” DeWilder admitted with a little frustration. “Obviously sailors come to shore when there’s a storm coming, so we think that might mean people will hide. Some people think that the king would be Gylar, but this would be written before he ruled, before he was even known. More likely it just means that the Worlds will be reclaimed from the Black Queen.”
“The True King is free on Sylvae,” Dylan said.
“That fits, but then what happens now? The prophecy is written in a way that suggests the king regaining his crown is the final thing. The ending to events,” Dawna told him.
“What is important here, young Dylan, is the talk of a storm building in the Outerfield. We have to take it that the storm is an allusion to the mention of war and this could mean that the Outerfield, or those in it, have a hand in all this.” 
“Why?”
“Hard to say,” Dawna admitted.
“Here are some more recent prophecies. This one before the arrival of the Black Queen.”
Dylan read it, it read more like a poem and he did not really understand how they could think it a prophecy other than it was, or could be, about things in the future. It read:
Things of past and things of pain,
Things of old will come again.
Kings of old and Kings of yore,
And those that even came before.
All will fight when they meet,
All but one will find defeat.
Nargel from his palace-grave
Will rise his kingdom thus to save;
For from his hand is his demise,
And in the vision of his eyes.
Though power lies at his feet,
His victory in incomplete.
Raise a master, raise a king,
Raise and rule over everything.
Raise a master, raise a king,
Raise and rule over everything.
“It’s a poem,” Dylan said.
“It is, it is,” DeWilder said. “It talks about Nargel trying to raise a master, his master.”
“Who is that?”
“Hard to say, the earliest days of the Three Woes is far into deep history, there are no books on it, only speculation.”
“And it doesn’t really matter,” Dawna said. “What matters is that we think that it is linked to the talk of war at the end of the fourth age.”
“Here is one, still old, but much younger than those you’ve just read. From the time of the current peoples, it was written by the Wizard Hoftir,” DeWilder opened another book.
“It is not change that he needs, but changes, so that the Balance rocks to and fro like the Istan fish on the waves. It is indeed waves that are needed, waves that will travel out through the Portals and through the Outerfield. A destabilising of that place between the Universes so that even the Library is rocked.
“Would this happen? When the Book of All Knowledge returns so shall the chance; the chance to unlock his master’s cell. But there shall be other doors closed to him, some that open at his touch, but others will take time to erode. A hardened heart, lusting with power will give time to others to retrieve All Knowledge and use that key as a further lock to his plans for freedom. A heart of walls that must be torn down with schemes of subtle guile and seduction. 
It is the balance of books and the book of balances that the Blighted One needs for his salvation, but he will face the Court where the King and Queen resist his plans as the Jester rises to take their station,” Dylan finished reading.
“And here is Koltur’s interpretation of the passage,” DeWilder said, “he is the authority on the writings of Hoftir writing. I should say that this is written after the Black Queen took rule.”
Dylan read through that the Book of All Knowledge must be the Book of Five Worlds as there is one mention of it as such in the Book of the Villeur and that it made sense in the context. The Book’s return would make Nargel’s plan possible, but the hard heart must be a reference to the Black Queen spurring Nargel’s advances. At least for some time. The writer spent some time positing who the King and Queen were, but came to no real decision unless the Black Queen at some time took a husband and fellow ruler and that seemed unlikely. Would a King and Queen emerge on one of the Four Worlds? A Royal House with the power to take on Nargel? There was only one King that could do that, but could he return from his place of solitude beyond the Forest of Gu? (The writer didn’t name the King, instead talking as if it was obvious whom he was talking about).
He read a number of other passages and chapters that DeWilder showed him as the day grew longer. They all wheeled around the same narrative, some clearer than others; some were prophecies, more were interpretations of said prophecies. All had the same strand though, the Outerfield and how something would happen to affect the Worlds. None of them answered his questions, just added to that list.
“Come, we should go, the hour grows long,” Dawna said.
“Yes, yes,” DeWilder took the books and replaced them. “Sad, as there are so many more to show you about the end of the fourth age.”
“Why so many?” Dylan asked after they had put out the torches and walked out into the gathering afternoon.
“Look there,” Dawna exclaimed.
Dylan looked to where she pointed and could see a very large shark swimming. It was moving left and then right as if it was trying to find deep enough water to leave the peaks. Around it he could see the snakes rising to the surface and heading for it. Dawna had not lied, he had never seen such long snakes, at least as long as anacondas he had seen in zoos, but much fatter. They headed for the Zantu shark (Dawna would later tell him) and they nearly reached it when one of the snakes was suddenly raised out of the water by a giant mouth and then the water was turning red. More sharks attacked as the original shark turned to join them. There was thrashing and blood before they all disappeared beneath the waves.
“Well, I’ve never seen anything like it,” Dawna exclaimed.
“It was a trap,” Lucas said.
“Yes. They have learned the ways of the snakes and used it for an easy meal.”
DeWilder snorted.
“Hardly easy, there is still a much bigger chance of the snakes overpowering them with numbers.”
“Learn your enemy,” Lucas said.
%%%
They rowed back to shore and were in the forest when they came.
They were walking from the boat and Dylan had asked his question again, why so many prophecies of the end of the fourth age.
“Well,” DeWilder said, pleased to tell his yarns, “remember it is said that the fifth age would be one of exploration? Many scholars believe that the Four Worlds will be forever changed by the end of the fourth age. They talk about what the age of exploration could mean, Hoftir talks of stars and planets and ships that travel through the sky. He says, and I quote, ‘In my dream I walked through the Portal, but in Hokino I found myself not, rather I was in a new world full of new people.’”
“Ships that travel in the sky?” asked Lucas obviously thinking that it was the talk of a crazy man.
“Yes, yes,” DeWilder said excitedly, not noticing Lucas roll his eyes.
Dawna did and gave him a punch on the arm and a smile.
“Another quote from a different passage, “I found myself in a land not unlike my own, but the people found me different. A man came up to me and said, ‘You do not belong here and this is not the place for you, travel on to the Port of Karzak. Maybe there you will find ones like your own’. I wondered where this was and how to get there, but I awoke before I could ask.’” Isn’t it intriguing?” DeWilder asked with a beaming smile.
“Did that in any way answer your question, Dylan?” Lucas asked with a pained look.
“Not really.”
“No, no. Right,” DeWilder said. “Scholars think that we in the Four Worlds will travel outside of them. To another universe.”
He clapped his hands with glee.
“Outside of the Four Worlds?” Lucas roared. “You have a brain filled with nonsense!”
Dylan nudged him and he looked down at him and then stopped for a second. Dylan had come from outside the Four Worlds, nothing was impossible. Argh, he wanted an ale or a Sterkte cocktail to stop his head from spinning with thought.
And then they appeared. Three of them. Wasted people surrounded by thick, swirling mist.
“Varkurn,” DeWilder breathed.
“You have the same sense, but you are not the woman and man,” one said in a gravelly voice.
“It is the boy and man,” another said.
Lucas stepped forward with his great axe unsheathed.
“You will not be touching the boy,” he threatened.
“Do you think an everyday woodchopper will stop us?” the third asked.
Dylan was terrified by these creatures, but other terrifying creatures came to his mind. He remembered Lucas bravely fighting them in the Halls of Kymer and remembered their fear of his sword. He pulled it out and stepped forward. He would never be able to say why he thought to do what he did or why it worked, but he stepped forward and pointed his sword at one of them and it shrunk back.
“Nothing is normal anymore,” he said and touched his sword to the blade of Lucas’ axe.
It trembled and turned from dirty silver to gold, spreading out from where Dylan had touched it. Lucas looked at it, looked at Dylan and then set his eyes on the Varkurn.
And then he attacked.
Swords and axe clashed and Dylan joined in, he had to to stop Lucas from being overwhelmed. The jarrings of his sword were terrible but he managed to keep hold of it and put to good use all that Lucas and the others had taught him (though he would later think of how the blade seemed to move itself, guide his hand rather that he guide it).
Lucas parried and swung his great axe, cleaving one of the Varkurn who dissolved into air. The other was distracted by this and Dylan managed to stab it and see it dissolve in the same way before the last one dissolved of it’s own accord just as Lucas swung at it.
“You killed them,” Dawna said in awe.
“Not the last one I think,” Lucas said.
“I think it went before you hit it,” Dylan agreed.
“You have a Magical blade, let me see it,” DeWilder said.
“No,” Dylan replied sheathing it. He didn’t know why he didn’t want others to see it, to know of it, but he didn’t and a soon as he sheathed it DeWilder suddenly lost interest.
“And where did you learn to fight like that?” Lucas asked.
“Why, from you, of course,” Dylan grinned and Lucas grinned back.
“I am a fine teacher,” he said with mock pride.
“Come fine teacher and pupil, let us get back to town before the dark sets in,” Dawna urged. “Truly the Worlds have grown strange.”
CHAPTER XIII

In the future he would be known as the Great Historian Japlan, but for now he was merely Japlan. He happened to be out and saw the dragons fighting, the whole town saw it, but he was closer and got closer still. He was trying to be an artist, but now he used his paper to write what he was seeing. He would go on to write about the Battle of Naewton’s Plain having witnessed it from a distance. He would go back and interview everyone he could to document the rebellion from its earliest moments, including an interview with the True King of Sylvae.
He told of how the dragons attacked each other with claw and tooth and even breathed fire at each other, even though he believed that they were immune to fire. The fighting was fast and fierce and finished not long after one dragon flew away. This was a detail that scholars would debate for years after, that the first to fly away had a man upon its back. This would always be a point of argument against those who thought Japlan was honest and those who thought he was a fake. The things that were considered myth that he told as true. He told of Dragonriders and of the Shadow Ranger, but most thought these flights of fantasy.
However, there was one story that he never wrote down.
“You hold Dragonstones,” a green and yellow dragon said.
“I do,” replied Mattaeus.
“Nagendra.”
“Yes, Nagendra is an ally along with others.”
“If this is true then we will find them and join them.”
“It is my hope that you will and not let darkness fall over the lands,” Mattaeus said.
“Rule is no longer that which we seek. It is ill of us.”
The semi-circle of dragons that had landed in front of them rose as one and flew away and it was at that time Japlan came forward.
“That was unbelievable,” he shouted and then the Shadow Ranger had covered the distance in a flash and held his sword to Japlan’s throat.
“That is not necessary.”
“And you are?” Alura asked walking towards them.
“Until I saw this, I was no one,” he replied.
“These events cannot be hidden forever,” the Shadow Ranger said sheathing his sword.
“And who are you that you talk with dragons?” Japlan asked.
“We are just people that pass through, that is all we told those creatures in order to save our skin,” Mattaeus said.
“Come, dine with me in Pavilli’s Gate. I know the best place for roasted Carmia.”
%%%
“We hear very little here,” Japlan said as they ate.
“You will see a lot soon,” Mattaeus told him. “The Chinerthians will come through the Portal and form up.”
“I will go and observe, write of it. I feel this is my true path,” Japlan said.
“You should go and fight,” Alura said. “Are there fighters in the town?”
“Not that I know of.”
“But you feel the Magic coming back?”
“Yes, it came as a great surprise. A few people say they saw a great green light come from the Capital.”
“They speak truly, the Magician’s Star is complete once more,” Mattaeus told him. “A unit of men and women coming from here would be a good and surprising flanking movement.”
“If they can use their Magic.”
“Indeed, we would not push anyone to die.”
“I will tell the townspeople, those that will go will go,” Japlan said.
“We too must go. We must get to the Portal before the Chinerthians do.”
They said goodbye and rode as fast as their new horses would go and reached the Portal without seeing more Chinerthians. The same was found on the other side and Mattaeus knew that they had been lucky. It would only be another hour at most before large numbers of soldiers were here. With that in mind, they would have to take an indirect route to Port Haylet.
“What was he looking for? In the temple?” Alura asked as they rode.
“The Kele Stone. Legend and rumour says that it was buried with Pavilli.”
“But you knew it was not there.”
“Yes. I started the legends and rumours,” he smiled to himself.
She laughed.
“Just when I think I’m getting a handle on you, you surprise me.”
“It does vex me as to why he would come looking for it now though.”
“What is it?”
“The stone? It is one of the Keystones.”
“That is not as enlightening as I had hoped.”
“No quite. They were made to give certain people in the Worlds access to the Outerfield. It was a sort of safeguard.”
“Still not helping,” she said, but the Shadow Ranger did not hear her. “I thought Cyclo could move through the Outerfield.”
“Hhh? Sorry?”
“I thought Cyclo could move through the Outerfield.”
“Yes and no,” Mattaeus said though still distracted. “There are places he cannot go to, the Thither for example would not welcome him.”
“So this stone would, what? Bypass that?”
“Yes. I like not the implications of this. After all this time, why now?”
“The change in the Balance?”
“It does not affect the Outerfield,” Mattaeus answered gruffly.
“It does,” she replied and Mattaeus snapped his head around to look at her. He had seen this before, when they were in d’Gaz’s cabin. She hovered a few inches form the ground, her body erect with her hands held out to her sides and her eyes glazed over. “The Balance runs from the Outerfield, as do the Streams of Magic; both, you should well know, flow to and also fro.”
“With whom do I speak?” he asked, but Alura dropped back to the floor and he caught her as she crumpled.
“What happened?” she asked as she came to and pushed herself out of his hold.
“I’m not sure. You fainted.”
She looked into his face.
“Is that all?”
“It is all for now.”
“Mattaeus…”
“No.”
“You understand more than you wish to say,” he accused.
“Do not push me,” she warned.
“Then do not do likewise.”
“I am sorry, I am just trying to understand. You forget that you talk to those dimmer than yourself.”
“Dim? You are brighter than most I have met on my wanderings,” he then sighed and rubbed his cheek. “I do not like to share the nature of myself,” he said.
“I have noticed,” she smiled a little.
“But I feel you deserve more, you have travelled longer with me than anyone has in many a year.”
“Do not become sentimental on me, Shadow Ranger, leave that to my sister.”
“I made a pledge a long time ago to fight evil and injustice in the Four Worlds and it came, primarily, in the form of Cyclo. Do you know why he is wicked?”
“Of course not.”
“Just because. He does not have a grand plan or philosophy. He is wicked because he can be. It amuses him.”
“He is Chinerthian?” she asked and he laughed.
“Unfortunately not, that is too simple for him. Too simple for the Chinerthians. They have the Mark of war not evil.”
“I am sorry, you are right, the Black Queen brought evil with her.”
“I have dedicated my life to wiping out evil in the Four Worlds, defeating Nargel in small ways and that has primarily come in the form of Cyclo.”
“He works for Nargel?”
“No,” he shook his head. “Nargel has a plan, he is simple in that regard and so it vexes me that Cyclo seems to have one too. Why?
“Could he be helping Nargel?”
“Perhaps, but only if by doing so he achieves something himself,” the Shadow Ranger clenched his fists in frustration. “But it makes no sense, Cyclo has never wanted to achieve anything than bring misery on others for his own enjoyment.”
“What is Nargel’s plan?”
“Not for the likes of us to dwell on.”
“But if it would bring misery…”
“No,” Mattaeus shook his head. “It would bring misery, but no joy to Cyclo.”
“Why not just destroy him?”
Mattaeus smiled. “He is not always easy to find, he does not stay in the Four Worlds.”
“The Dark World.”
“And beyond.”
“Beyond? And you don’t mean the Fifth World do you?”
“The Outerfield surrounds all worlds, but only these Four are my concern.”
“But you could, couldn’t you… I can feel it now you speak, you could…”
“Listen, will you take a detour? Find out what Cyclo is up to? I fear it is more important to us than I ever thought.”
“Sounds like fun.”
“You are a strange lady,” he commented.
%%%
They worked their way to the town of KeDil and spent the night there. Alura contacted her sister though she felt strange to Alura she insisted that she was alright and Alura did not push it. She discovered that they had not yet arrived at Fownan and when she had asked why Kaitlin had merely said that they had had to take a longer route, but that everything was fine. 
She worried about her sister, she was such a sweet thing, but she also held so much power. She did not understand the ways of the Worlds, but that was partly because Alura had kept them from her. She wondered if she had done the right thing. She had always thought that she had, but she had never imagined that they would find themselves in such a situation. She had never thought that they would be separated.
Life was never what you thought it would be. Did that mean that you should not plan? Should not work towards what you thought would happen? Could you live a life where you did nothing but meet the challenges that came your way? Surely not. You could not imagine what life held for you, could not predict the ways life would twist and turn. But what happened when you found that all plans and choices had hindered and not helped your, or others, passage?
She wondered if Mattaeus felt the same. Had he in his journeys to help others actually made life harder for them in the long run? By thunder, if you thought like that then you would never do anything with your life. You would worry that if you did something it would be worse, but then if you did not it might be.
She should not worry on the Shadow Ranger, but herself. Had she not hidden away all her life? If she had been true to herself would not the Port of Columbina have been saved? If she had shown her true self? But then they would not be here now. She believed that this was where they, her and her sister, were meant to be; that all her choices, good and bad, had led them here. It gave her comfort even though she could not understand the ways of the Worlds as Mattaeus could.
She fell asleep thinking of Mattaeus and who he really was and dreamt of being in Sylvae a long time ago when the forests were young and her Father was there and in the distance she could see a shadow pass amongst the trees.
The next morning they set out again and Alura thought that they were nearing the ocean by the change in the air.
“Where do we go?” she asked.
“Seagam’s Rest.”
“And what is there?”
“Better to see.”
They charged through fields and meadows, over hills and valleys so green that they reminded her of Sylvae. The land turned to rolling tundra as they approached the ocean and just as she could see it from a hill they turned and rode parallel to it. Eventually she saw a town on the horizon and after an hour they reached it. She realised that they had been riding on an angle so that they were closer to the ocean than they had been when she first saw the town.
“Looks like an ordinary town,” she said as they rode through the streets.
“This is not our destination.”
“I would like to see the ocean before we move on.”
“So be it. The horses and I need food and rest from riding,” Mattaeus said.
“Then let us store the horses, eat some food and take a walk to the beach.”
“As you wish,” he smiled.
%%%
The sand was warm and she encouraged the Shadow Ranger to follow her in, removing their shoes and standing in the water.
“See there, Tikkar dolphins,” he pointed.
She could see the water moving and then saw one, then two and three, come to the surface. They seemed to be playing.
“They seem to be drawing closer,” she said.
“Yes. Come, let us leave that which we cannot swim in on the beach.”
“I will not let you see me immodest.”
“I would think not, but you cannot swim fully clothed.”
“Why should we?”
“The dolphins come to us, but they cannot come in so shallow.”
“They will allow that?”
“We will see.”
“I am not afraid of what you see,” she said.
They went back up to the beach and shed heavy clothing and metal such as the Shadow Ranger’s sword, knowing that the Sun was hot enough to dry them off when they emerged from the waters. Then they were swimming out, she let Mattaeus lead the way as she was not sure the dolphins would allow them to come out to them, but they did. She was amongst them and they played and splashed her and swam underneath, coming up so that she was riding them like a horse. All the time the others laughed gaily in their clicks and squawks.
“Look there,” the Shadow Ranger pointed.
She saw a fin and, under the water, a long lithe body.
“A Carnumbria shark.”
“Is it dangerous?” she asked with worry.
“Very. It is said that Nargel seduced them to follow him in order to harass the Princess of the Water.”
“Should we leave?”
“No.”
Some of the dolphins had also seen the shark and swam out to annoy it. It tried to fight back and the water boiled and frothed as the sea animals fought. Alura could see them bursting from the water before returning beneath. She saw that the shark had a thin head, but that it’s jaws seemed to be able to shoot out and expand before being pulled back in. It fought against the dolphins, trying to get a meal, but it could not against their number and it quickly left.
The dolphins came back and they all squawked and chittered and played with them until Mattaeus said it was time to swim back ashore. It was as if the dolphins understood him as they turned out to sea as they turned back to the beach.
“That was amazing,” she gushed. “Something so good amongst all that we do.”
They ate and rested in the town of Seagam’s Rest and slept until eleven that night when Mattaeus roused her. They were to travel on for midnight, though he would not tell her why.
They rode out of town in the darkness and headed along the road for a while before the Shadow Ranger took them off the road and over the grass. They stopped, but Alura could not see anything of note.
“Ask anyone in town and they will tell you a wonderful tale of the man that the town is named after and how and why it was named. It’s an enjoyable yarn and completely false.”
“Do they know that?”
“No, not anymore.”
“So what is the real story?”
“Firstly Seagam is not a man, but another stone. They are known as the Thitherspheres. This one lets you see into the Dark World, let’s you see where people are or have been.”
“This is all a bit too much for my understanding,” Alura said. “If this stone is important, why name the town where it is hidden?”
“The stone is not hidden here, it is here that you rest it,” Mattaeus explained. “There are places all over the Worlds where you can do this, but I am the only one who holds the stone.”
He pulled out a perfectly round ball that shone like glass and was completely black. He put it on the ground, moved it slightly and put his foot on it before moving it a little to the left and replacing his foot.
“Here,” he said holding out his hand.
She took it and suddenly the world swirled away and all was black. And then it was not, there were myriads of lines swirling and sparkling through the air in front of her.
“They are beautiful, what are they?”
“These are the tracks of those that walk the Dark World.”
“The dead?”
“No, only those that belong in that other region. See here,” he pointed to a yellow line that was a wiggly spiral. “That is Honthra. It does not leave it’s little area, but walks in circles bemoaning that it chose evil and it’s love chose good, forever separating them.”
“What happened?”
“There are too many stories to tell. This is the line we look for.”
It was black with sparkles of red and grey.
“This is Cyclo?”
“Yes. See he went to the city of Kzasnthian and then on to the Beelos Lakes.”
“I see nothing of that, only lines.”
The Shadow Ranger did not reply, but continued to study the lines. Every now and then he reached out a finger and traced one or two.
Then suddenly the lines were gone and she could make out the world around them in the starlight. She looked down to see that he had moved his foot off of the stone. They held hands for another few moments before he let go and scooped up the stone.
“You look worried,” she said.
“I have a fear of what Cyclo is doing, but we must be sure if we are to stop him.”
CHAPTER XIV

After the terrifying encounter with the Varkurn, Connor and Kaitlin had a pleasant surprise when they found that the boat for the island of Jun left at midnight because it was a tour boat.
They sailed for a while as waiters in fine uniforms handed out drinks and snacks and people stood around on the deck or in the spacious cabin and chatted away. Kaitlin and Connor stood by the rail and looked out over what they were told was the Mickolorian Sea. He didn’t ask her about the Princess, if he was trying to get his head around it all, then how much more was she? He wondered what the Princess had meant about unlocking Kaitlin’s true self and he, selfishly he knew, hoped that she would not change. He supposed that her true self meant finding the part inside of her that came from the Princess. For the first time he wondered where the Princesses were, well, Princesses. He had to assume that their father was a king, but of where? He didn’t think he would get any answers to those kinds of questions. Mattaeus would know, but he didn’t think he would tell and Connor had to admit, it probably did not matter anyway.
After an hour of sailing a man announced through a rudimentary bullhorn that they were approaching the site and people should make their way to the rails. People bustled around them, talking excitedly and pointing out to the dark waters.
“What do you think it is?” Connor asked.
“I know not,” Kaitlin replied.
“What do you mean, you know not?” a portly gentleman next to them asked with surprise.
“We caught this ship to get to Jun,” Kaitlin said.
“Oh, well you are in for a real treat. Arca dolphins, big dolphins that sometimes attack whales and sharks. Very impressive creatures.”
“Like an orca,” Connor said.
“If you say so. Anyway, at night they come together and they attract Loman jellyfish which light up.”
“They light up?” Kaitlin asked. “Would that not make them easier to find?”
“Yes,” the man nodded jovially. “Very poisonous, anything that comes close gets stung and the Arcas, who are immune, can feed on them. In that way, they want to be found.”
“What do the jellyfish get out of it?” Connor asked.
“Disgusting really, but they eat the dolphin’s excrement,” he frowned.
“Look,” Kaitlin said excitedly as the rest of the crowd buzzed.
Underneath the water they could see a shimmering light steadily getting bigger and brighter. In the light they could make out the shapes of the Arca dolphins as they surfaced.
“The currents here mean they can float on the surface and sleep,” the man informed them.
“They are incredible,” Kaitlin said softly.
“Are not they just?”
“Yes,” Connor agreed.
The Loman jellyfish gave out a pink-white light and shimmered and shook in the waves. In their light he counted five dolphins, big and sleek looking with a mottled light blue skin.
The boat stayed there for nearly an hour as they watched the show, people coming and going until the whole group of dolphins and jellyfish started to descend again under water.
“Marvellous,” the man said cheerfully.
“Absolutely,” Conner said.
“And now time for a drink and a bite to eat before the Mickolorian Sunrise,” the man said and wandered off.
“Wow,” Connor said and Kaitlin smiled.
“Yes. Who would have expected such a thing on such a journey as this?”
“Not I,” Connor smiled back.
They too went into the cabin and ate some food from the buffet and rested together on a chair. They must have slept because Connor was awoken by the sailor announcing that they should make their way up. He and Kaitlin got up slowly and stretched before making their way out and finding a place at the rail. They could see the Sun starting to light the horizon and Connor wondered what they had in store this time.
As the Sun rose up from behind the island of Jun, many brightly coloured birds took to the skies, filling it with their song. It was quite a sight as they flew over the waters and the boat and then the Sun hit the waters and they came to life with all the colours of the rainbow. Multi-coloured swirls were over the surface of the water like an oil slick, but Connor could see that it was not just on the surface, but all through the water.
“Like little particles,” Kaitlin said.
“Yes, each a different colour.”
Then the birds were flying down and scooping water up in their beaks before flying up again, the water streaming back down out of their beaks. The water coming from their beaks still contained the colour and everything was a barrage of colour. The ocean, the bird’s feathers, and the water that streamed down. It was like a moving wall of colour joined with the singsong of the birds. Kaitlin took Connor’s hand as they stood in awed silence until after half an hour the birds began to fly away and they could see the water dull as the particles descended back down into the ocean.
“Some kind of tiny animals?” Kaitlin asked.
“Yes, or plant-life that comes up for the Sun.”
“And the birds eat them.”
“Scoop up the water and filter out some of the particles before letting the water go.”
“I have not the words to ever explain this to anyone,” she said and he laughed.
“Me neither.”
Not long after they arrived on the island of Jun and had breakfast in an inn on the waterfront that had been prepared for the tour. After that they boarded a ship that would take them to Astoor where they were told they could hire a boat to get to Darwith. It was reasonably popular as people went to see the Darwith parrots, they were told.

“I have never been this fit,” Connor smiled having pulled up their rowboat to the shore.
“Now where do we go?” Kaitlin asked.
He had seen her face become more pensive as they crossed the waters and drew closer to Darwith. Surely she too was worried as to what might happen to her. He looked around; the island seemed to actually be two. The one they were on was covered in jungle and then another one, separated by a thin stretch of water was just one rocky peak.
“Hey, there,” a young man called to them.
“Yes?”
“You going to see the caves? Low tide happens in a few minutes.”
“So?”
“Well you can only get in at low tide, if you come now we will get the full time in there.”
Connor looked at Kaitlin who shrugged and they followed the man and another girl who seemed to be his girlfriend.
“How come you know not of the caves?” the man asked happily.
“It’s not really a planned trip, we heard of the parrots,” Connor lied.
“Same with us, all this talk of war, we thought we better see the sights while we still can.”
“We have come from the Toytay Waterfalls,” the girl explained, “and then we’re going to see the trees of Jarith.”
“Sounds like a good plan,” Connor said.
They reached the edge of the island and found that it wasn’t two islands, it was just that the island here was beneath the water. He could see the reason for going at low tide as the water was only ankle deep. They walked across and climbed onto the rocks.
“Right,” the young man said. “Look around for the cave entrance.”
They walked around and it was Kaitlin who found it. It was low down and Connor assumed that it would fill with water as the tide rose. They walked in and could see by light coming through holes higher up. The young man scrambled up and brought down some torches that he lit for them.
“What are we looking for?” Connor asked.
“Rock drawings,” the girl said. “On the walls.”
“I think they are a little higher up though,” the young man added.
They clambered up to where Connor thought they would be above high tide and found a large, smooth wall covered in pictures. Picture of men and dragons.
“What is it about?” Connor asked.
“Not too sure, actually,” the young man said. “The book I read on it said that it was a history of men and dragons. These pictures,” he walked to the right, “are supposed to be newer and talk about how the dragons fought for and against the Black Queen.”
Kaitlin walked to the left and then walked along looking at the pictures. She felt something, something churning not in her stomach, but in her soul, in her Magic. She reached out and touched the first picture and it jolted her as her Magic bubbled and boiled.
“You are true,” she said. “This is the days of the dragons in the Chonbium Age. At that time there was enough space for the peoples of the worlds and dragons to share, though they were hardly friendly. As that age descended into war, the dragons watched on, letting the people kill each other, but then more people came, the people of this age. As they grew in numbers they began to fight for rule over each of the Worlds and the Blighted One tried to interfere.
“The Princess of the Air did not like this and she brought together men and dragons. She taught men the principles of the air and of flight so that they could ride the dragons.”
“Fascinating,” the young man interrupted, but Kaitlin did not break from her trance like state. “But why would they need to be ridden to fight?”
“As men increased across the Worlds so the land of the dragons decreased. The dragons could fight, but only in squabbles. Men knew how to wage war and killed many dragons out of fear. The Princess of the Air connected men and dragons, promised that there could be peace amongst them, but the men had to ride, to command, for they knew of how wars were fought.
“The side of the Dragonriders quickly had an advantage, but it was not long before, with the help of the Blighted One, the other side also rode dragons. But the dragons were also learning and soon the ones on the Blighted One’s side refused their riders, wanting to fight and win for themselves. Up until then battle was based on the rider keeping him or herself safe, but the riderless dragons did not need to use these tactics and so, though dragon and rider had become friends, they no longer rode.
“As the wars went on the dragons ignored man and fought for dominance amongst themselves and the wars ended and then the dragons, having learned the knowledge of war from man, sought to destroy the people and rule the Worlds themselves. Over time the balance changed between man and dragon and they clashed often until the Balance changed and there was once again fighting as the Black Queen took power over the Worlds. These are the last pictures you see on the right.”
Having said that she sagged as she fell out of her trance.
“Amazing, how do you know all of that?” the young man asked excitedly.
Connor put an arm around her to hold her steady.
“I read a book on it,” she said weakly.
“Impressive.”
“We should go,” the girl said.
“Yes, we want not to be stuck when the tide comes in. Will you join us?”
“We will look for a little longer, maybe we will see you in the jungle,” Connor said.
“Excellent, cannot wait to see the parrots,” he enthused.
After they had left Connor and Kaitlin looked at the pictures.
“How did you know all of that?” he asked.
“Through the Magic, the information was imbued into the pictures.”
“So what does this mean? Why did the Princess send you here to see this?”
“I am not sure. But it was her that brought man and dragon together for she rules the air and all that fly through it. That is in my blood too.”
“Are you supposed to call together the dragons?” he asked.
“Do you think?” she asked back.
“It is the only thing I can think of, but we have already met dragons, how come they did not know this about you?”
“Because I nor my sister knew it ourselves.”
“We should leave, we don’t know when the water will rise.”
“Yes, let us go.”
They got back to the other island with no issues other than wet legs and they stood in the Sun to dry out, watching the trees and listening to the birds. They walked slowly into the trees and Kaitlin thought about the birds, did she really have an affinity with them? She looked into her Magic; she felt that she would now know what to look for. There had been a distinct sense from the rock pictures and yes, she thought she saw a blue in there against the background, was that it?
“Kaitlin?”
She snapped her eyes open to find a parrot perched on her outstretched arm. The fact that she did not remember stretching her arm out was the least of her worry. The bird chirped and chattered at her happily. Somehow through meeting the Princess and gaining the knowledge of how the Princess, her Mother, had spoken with dragons, helped them bond with men, she had gained a newness to herself. A new power and understanding. And this bird seemed to feel it too.
“Can… Can you understand it?” Connor asked.
“No. Not like I understand you or how we understood the bird at the window, but yes. In a way. I understand it on a baser level. It is happy.”
The bird bobbed its head as if nodding and then flew off into the trees.
CHAPTER XV

Bell and Tompo had sailed from the island of Cardew and Bell had left him on another island where Tompo had insisted Bell take his boat, but Bell had declined and instead had Tompo help him buy one that he could sail the distance.
“I wish I could continue on with you.”
“I am told Abterrne is not a place anyone should go.”
“That there is true, Bell, I wish you would not,” Tompo said sadly.
“But how else will I raise your army?” Bell said with a smile.
“Many things you will begin to believe when you arrive there,” Tompo said seriously.
“I wish you could come along with me, I have enjoyed your company and your wisdom,” Bell replied and they shook hands.
Now Bell was on the water, finally sailing for his destination and his meeting with Tocoda. He could not think much on it as he was busy sailing. The craft had to be big enough to cross the open waters, but small enough for him to manage alone and he could, but only just. As night fell he found a good wind that whipped him across the low waves as he found the stars that Tompo had told him to follow. It was a much different life to the one he had led in Sylvae. Open seas instead of dense forest. I feel like d’Gaz, he thought with a smile. 
Later he took in the sails and slept, waking with the rising of the Sun and sailing on. The weather quickly turned and he spent the next four hours fighting the wind and lashing rain. The boat rocked and tipped as he climbed monstrous waves and slid down the other side. Giant birds flew in the strong winds and dived into the waves, coming out with large fish in their beaks. Other bigger fish leapt from the walls of water, trying to catch the birds.
 As the weather cleared and the waves eased he slumped in the hull, drenched and exhausted and ate from his, thankfully water-proofed, supplies. He had just begun to enjoy sailing, but the storm had changed that and once again he was happy to leave sailing and oceans to d’Gaz.
It made him wonder where the others were, had they made it to Fownan? Would they be waiting for him or heading on? No, he had a head start on them and he could not believe other’s journeys would have been any more straightforward than his. Still, he would soon be going to Fownan, he just had to meet Tocoda and find out why she had called him to this place. He thought on what the Shadow Ranger had told him about the place, about ghosts, and what Tompo had told him about the company of soldiers that had been dragged down alive into the Dark World. He just couldn’t believe it all, despite all that they had been through so far. He considered two Fifth Worlders his friends, should it be so hard for him to believe in yet another World?
He adjusted his course a little and sailed on for another few hours before he caught sight of the island that had once been called Gobur and was now known as Abterrne.
He noted that after the storm he had seen boats all over the oceans as one would expect, but as he got closer to Gobur it seemed as if the waters around it were deserted of ships. He could almost draw a line that the ships refused to cross. Was superstition really so much stronger than fact or was it that the tales of Abterrne were a well-known fact? Was he the only one who thought them to be tall tales?
As he approached he saw that the island had a beach with trees and then what seemed to be a wall of rock. He would soon discover that the island was a crater, perhaps the top of a long extinct volcano just protruding from the water. There was a little beach and then some thick jungle that led to the crater walls that were a complete circle. He assumed he would need to get to the centre of the island. He could appreciate how hard it would be to invade such a well-protected island as he did a complete circuit of the beach just in case Tocoda waited on the other side.
He then pushed his way into the jungle and started his circuit again, trying to find a way through the crater walls. Before he could, he found a way up and found himself at the top. Looking down he could see more thick jungle, but this seemed younger than the one outside of the crater and amongst the trees and bushes he could see the ruins of buildings and in the centre was the temple, still poking out taller than the trees. It was quite the sight and he rested there and ate a little before scrambling down the steep inside and into the jungle. If it were not for the thick jungle he would have thought the island dead as there was not a sound and after years living in the trees, he could sense that emptiness.
And yet there was movement in the trees though he felt no wind and he knew that there were no animals here. Could his senses be off after so long on the ocean? No, that was ridiculous. He knew what a forest filled with living beings felt like and it was not like this. He thought about what the Shadow Ranger had said about the ghosts of those that were sacrificed and felt a shiver go down his spine. No, that too was ridiculous.
Or was it?
He kept moving at a brisk pace, moving easily through the trees and undergrowth, but all around him the undergrowth moved. It was always at the same distance away from him, but always like something pushing its way through.
And then, as he got closer to the temple, the wailing began.
“By thunder,” he cursed to himself and drew his sword.
“What good will that do you here?” a reedy voice called out from the trees and he spun.
No one was there.
“Metal to cleave and rend flesh,” another voice came.
“And for what? What does one gain?” another voice called from the trees.
“What is that I feel on him?”
“It is despair.”
“Yes, leave him be.”
“But he is like us, he should join us.”
“No, fools, look deeper; something else, something I cannot place.”
“It is hope.”
“He has hope here?”
There was a chorus of grating, hollow laughter as he continued forward.
“We should show him the foolishness of hope.”
“Let his soul join ours,” another called.
“Curse and decay his flesh, swallow his soul,” came a high-pitched voice.
The trees shook as if in a high wind, coming closer to him as he walked.
“Be away with you, pitiless scum,” came the order and the trees fell instantly silent.
Ahead of him stood Tocoda still in her red cloak.
“Tocoda.”
“You took your time,” she lowered her hood to reveal her smile. “But I’m glad that you came.”
“What have you been doing here?”
“Come into the temple, away from those ghastly apparitions.”
“They are truly ghosts?” he asked.
“I would have thought your friend the Shadow Ranger would have told you about them.”
“He did and I did not believe.”
“That was foolish. Come.”
They walked into the temple compound and Bell saw straight away that the main building in the centre was built into some sort of large hollow.
“The sign is in there,” he said.
“You know of it? What have you been doing since last we met?”
They sat and he told her of his adventures trying to get to her.
“I wanted you to come quickly, but your diversion was a good one,” she nodded to herself. “But there is a problem.”
“Why are you here?” he asked.
“The Company of the Damned.”
“Come now,” he chided.
“Do not patronise me,” she scolded angrily. “You believe people to be foolish just because they believe what you do not.”
“I am sorry, it is just too hard for me to believe.”
“You have lived long in the trees so that you do not have to believe in such things. You have not wanted to believe in anything, my Doctor.”
He sighed and sagged.
“Your words sting for their truth.”
“You hide no more, do not be sad,” she smiled and lifted his head with a finger under his chin.
“You said there was a problem.”
“Them outside, they will never let the Company leave.”
“Why not?”
“Let others leave that which they cannot? No, they are too bitter for it.”
“Can ghosts really hurt us?”
“Angry, vengeful ghosts can summon enough force to touch living things.”
“And the Damned Company are really alive?”
“Yes. They are in a sort of stasis, it was the only way to save them from the Varkurn.”
“You saved them?”
She laughed.
“Not me, my Doctor.”
“Who?”
“Listen. The dead go to the Dark World. That includes Shanob.”
“You want to find him and bring him out here?”
“Yes,” she nodded.
“By thunder, I should have stayed hidden away,” he said and she laughed. Outside the ghosts wailed at the sound.
He looked at her for a moment and then broke into a smile.
“Will you?”
“I would follow you anywhere.”
“I believe you would.”
They sat and ate and talked about things other than what they were going to do until they could not put it off anymore.
“How do we find him?”
“Look, Bell, I need to tell you something.”
His face drew in, he was worried, had been worried since he set off and now it would come out.
“I am from there,” she said.
“What?” he asked confused.
“I am from the Outerfield, the Dark World, I was born there.”
“What?” he asked again. This was not what he had been expecting.
“You have to think of it as another World in the five. Not just a place where the dead go, that is just a part of it.”
“I, OK, I, well. Right.”
She smiled.
“Are you alright?”
“Does that make you some sort of monster? Do not monsters live in the Dark World?”
She laughed.
“No, I am not a monster. There are more than monsters who live there, Bell.”
He touched her face.
“You think that I too am a ghost?” she asked.
“No, I think you are prettier than the Cogu Roses that grow in my garden back home.”
“Tell me of your home.”
“It is small, just a cottage deep in the trees. It’s near the forest town of Capel. I have a little garden there and go for long walks in the trees, hunting where I have to.”
“It sounds very peaceful,” she said.
“It is. Perhaps it was too peaceful.”
“I would like to see it one day.”
He laughed.
“It would be too peaceful for you, you would bore quickly.”
“This and that,” she said and smiled, but he did not understand.
“So you know your way, in the Dark World, I mean.”
“Yes. I asked you here because I am not sure the Company will listen to me, I am not sure I could capture Shanob alone, but most of all I wanted you to see my World,” she blushed slightly.
“What is it like?”
“It is beautiful.”
“The Dark World is beautiful?”
“I come from the Thither, silly.”
“And the Thither is the Thither,” he quoted.
“Yes it is.”
“How do we get there?”
“Come and look.”
They got up and walked into the main temple building and Bell could see the symbol on the floor, smaller than he had imagined, but big enough for the both of them to stand on it.
“It will be strange to you,” she warned.
“You have not been through all that I have. More of the Worlds is strange rather than normal.”
“That is the way life should be, Bell. Stand upon the symbol.”
The temple was gone and the sky above them was purple with roiling clouds of blue and black. They stood on a hill looking down into a valley. A river ran through it.
“The River Olance,” she said. “Look to your left and you will see it passes through the Forest of Gu. Not a place to go.”
“I will take your advice.”
“Do so,” she said seriously. “Do not separate from me.”
“Where do we go?”
“Down and back up the other side, the Land of the Dead lies there.”
They walked down into the valley and the river grew wider as they grew closer.
“The Olance runs through the Dark World and the Thither, but it is not the only river. The Ster’c flows through the Land of the Dead and causes pain to those who must swim in it.”
“Must?”
“To atone.”
He asked no further.
As they got closer to the river, Bell suddenly noticed a man on a raft using a long pole to push himself along. He had not noticed him before and was sure that he should have as they descended. It was weird that as they reached the river the man, no, Bell saw that it was a woman, reached the bank in the same place.
“Why do you cross?” the woman asked, her lank black hair all but covering her face.
“We look for someone in the Land of the Dead,” Tocoda said.
“The dead should be left alone in their Land.”
“But there are some who are not there,” Bell said.
The woman moved her head to look at him. Or he supposed she was looking at him as he could not see her eyes from behind her hair.
“It was a strange and unfortunate event. No one foresaw it and none can rectify it.”
“You cannot go and collect them?”
“The dead belong here, we cannot rise above.”
“But we can bring them down,” Tocoda said.
“I do not think you can, but I will let you pass nonetheless. Step aboard,” the woman said.
They did so and she used her long punt to push them across to the other side. When they had stepped off the woman began punting her raft away, downstream.
“Who was that?”
“Lady Uxia. It is she who decides who can enter the Land of the Dead.”
They walked up the steep valley side.
“It was a good move to bring up the ghosts,” Tocoda told him.
“It just came to me when she said about the dead being left alone.”
“It was good nonetheless, you got us across. It no doubt irks her that they are there and not here where they belong.”
They headed up the other side of the valley and, reaching the top, they looked down into the Land of the Dead.
CHAPTER XVI

“It is not what I expected,” Bell said.
“The Dark World is not a real World like the others, but a spiritual plane. When material beings come here it shapes itself to form a sort of material world for us to walk.”
“So I am seeing what I want to see?” Bell asked.
“In a way yes, but also what the Dark World wants you to see. Do not ask me to explain as I understand it not.”
He looked down the slope and over the plain of dead grass where he saw people shambling about like zombies. Further on he could see the river that Tocoda had mentioned. Over to the left he could see a large building. It reminded him of Articus.
“That looks like a prison,” he said.
“Yes, the Dark World shows you that he is a prisoner here, but it is you that projects how you think he would be imprisoned,” she explained.
“If he worshipped Nargel and Nargel rules this World, why would he be imprisoned?”
“The Land of the Dead has rules that even Nargel must obey. There are greater powers than he that truly rule these lands.”
“I do not want to know. Come, let us be on.”
They walked down into the Land of the Dead and the people on the plain wandered about around them, not seeing nor sensing them.
“They are deeply unhappy,” Bell observed.
“Of course. They live in eternal regret for ending up here.”
He was torn between wanting to know and not wanting to know. Did everyone end up like this? It seemed that this was only a group of people, not everyone. How big was the Land of the Dead? What else did it hold? He decided that knowing would not make him happier back in the real Worlds.
They walked towards the foreboding prison building.
“Steel yourself against what you might see, I know not what the Dark World might show you.”
“My life is but terrors and trials at this time. I face them, but look forward to a time when they are done.”
“It is all that we can hope for,” she agreed.
“How are we to break in?” he asked.
“I know not, we must search for a way.”
He stopped in thought.
“And this prison would be anything I think it would be?”
“No, it must be some sort of prison and it must be your idea of a prison. A place where the worst of the worst would be held in punishment.”
An idea tinkled in the back of his mind. He did not know prisons, his only experience was with Articus and that had held good people, the True King, not evil people. No, his real idea of a prison to punish evildoers was the dark and dangerous woods of Sylvae where Liens and Tykats hunted; where Houst mites could eat your skin with you not knowing until it was too late. Where the snakes grew large enough to hunt the Liens and brushing against certain leaves could paralyse you.
“What have you done?” she asked with surprise.
He looked up and saw that the prison was no more; instead it was a thick forest.
“My true idea of a place of punishment is the deep forests, the difference being that I cannot break into a prison, but I can walk through any forest on any World.”
She broke into a smile.
“How very clever, let us go.”
They reached the forest and Bell expertly pushed his way through as she followed.
“Will this place hold all the creatures that the real forests do?”
“No. It is merely your idea of the place.”
“That is a relief.”
“There could be worse here though.”
“Oh.”
There was worse, worse things than Bell had ever seen. All through the trees were men and women and things he had never encountered, things surely not of any of the Five Worlds, and each one was being punished and afflicted in a different way. Eternal, grisly torment was dished out upon them in the most brutal of ways. Just when Bell thought he had seen the worst there was something even more hideous and disturbing. 
Bell would never tell anyone of what he saw there until near the end of his days when he met one woman who could understand and believe what he said. He feared dying whilst still having those experiences in his heart and soul. It was she that would write of his stories, for she loved stories, in the book known as ‘The Book of the Ways of the Damned’.
It was, therefore, a surprise to him when they found Shanob. He was, of course, in a clearing in the middle of the accursed forest that Bell had created, but he was not being tortured. Instead he lay still on top of what looked like an altar.
“He is not punished?” Bell asked.
“It seems not,” Tocoda said and thought. “Punishment fits the crime. Oh! Those fools.”
“What?”
“He sacrificed good people and they would not be held in the Land of the Dead, but it is Shanob’s punishment to be sacrificed eternally on this altar. By them.”
“So we need to go all the way back and tell them?”
“No. The portal at Abterrne was for your passing. Wait here.”
She walked away into the forest and disappeared. Bell had never felt so afraid of his life as in that place of punishment and evil. Suddenly the trees burst to life and he could hear those voices that had taunted him outside. They were cackling maniacally and shouting threats and terrible ideas for punishment. He closed his eyes and held his hands over his ears.
And then someone was pulling his hands gently away and he opened his eyes to see Tocoda smiling at him.
“It is over.”
“Well, well, well, what would your Mother say? Meddling like this,” a voice said.
“She does not care for me,” Tocoda replied.
“That is not true,” the woman said.
“You are a Princess,” Bell said and bowed a little.
She laughed.
“How sweet.”
“She is the Princess of Fire and not to be trusted,” Tocoda warned. “What is it that you want?”
“Me? Nothing. I just want you to know that I have my eye on you,” and with that she disappeared.
“You seem angry,” Bell said.
“I am angry. Come on, we have a way to go.”
They walked a long way through strange vistas, but it was stranger still that Bell could not remember it all, as if they were jumping forward through space and time.
“It is the Dark World reconfiguring what it is to what you think it is. For you to actually walk the breadth of these lands would be to break your mind, but it does mean we travel further, faster.”
Soon they came to a hill and over that hill lay a land a lot more like the Worlds Bell knew. The sky was a pinky-blue rather than the deep, rolling purple they had travelled through and the grass was green, as were the trees. There was a river running through the land, Bell guessed it was the Olance and there was a great city in the distance.
“The Thither,” Tocoda said.
“It’s beautiful,” he said.
“Especially compared to what we have walked through,” she smiled.
“Are we to go to the city?”
“No, not that far to find the Company.”
“They are really here?”
“Yes, they help protect the borders from the Varkurn. It is complicated, as you will see.”
They set off down the hill and Bell could feel the change in the grass and soil beneath his feet, could feel the difference in the air and saw feathered birds, nothing like the wasted, grotesque ones that flew through the Dark World. It did not take them long to get down the hill and then they walked along the bottom of it.
“They came here through the portal on Abterrne, saved from the Varkurn. Brought to the Thither rather than left in the Dark World where they could not leave again,” Tocoda explained.
“Why not?”
“Travelling through the Dark World they would be attacked. By the Varkurn, by other things that do not like the living, some that just like to kill.”
“But we were not attacked,” Bell said.
“They would not dare,” she replied.
“So how can we get them out?”
“It is possible, but it would take a lot of energy to do so, no one can afford such energy just for them to go back and be outcasts. Plus the Varkurn would go after them, try to kill them this time.”
“Who saved them?”
“Powers other than Nargel rule over the Thither.”
“The Righteous?” Bell asked.
“You do not believe in the Righteous, Doctor Dear.”
“I am beginning to realise that there is a lot that I have been wrong about,” he frowned and she laughed.
“It is the same for me.”
“What have you believed?”
“I have been bitter for many years, Bell, bitter at my life in the same way as the ghosts of Abterrne. Now I realise that if I had cast it aside I would have lost it. There is much good in the Worlds, to live in the past is to miss the present.”
“Stop there,” a voice called.
“Here they are,” she whispered.
“Who are you?” a man asked walking up to them.
He wore black clothes with white armour and looked very impressive.
“We come looking for an army to defeat the Chinerthians,” Bell said.
The man laughed.
“You will find only a company here.”
“A Company that once wanted to defeat the Chinerthians,” Bell said.
“Look around at where you are, stranger.”
“Look around at where I am, I have come here for you.”
The man looked at him closely.
“Come with me.”
They walked to a small barracks and the man talked as they went.
“This is our area of the border. We are here to repel the dead that try to get in. Others that wish to invade. We are also often attacked by the Varkurn, but we think that is more to destroy us than gain entry.”
“Why?”
“Because they are angry that their victory was taken from them.”
“And you protect the whole border?”
“It is not that large, beyond the city the Dark World ends and we are more than a company, but the name has never changed.”
Bell noticed that Tocoda said nothing, but walked close at his side, a smile playing on her lips. She wanted him to do this. Why?
“Are you happy here?” he asked.
The man sighed.
“Personally? No. We are happy that we were saved and our life here is as good, if not better than what we had on Gobur, but this is not our World. I wish to return.”
“And others share that view?”
“Yes.”
“I too miss my World,” Bell said.
“Sylvaen, right?”
“Yes.”
“Here we are. You should talk to the Lieutenant.”
He knocked on the door to a wooden hut and was told to enter.
“People to see you, Sir.”
“Who are you? From where have you come?”
“I am Bell from Sylvae, how do we go?”
“Skip the pleasantries, we are not in the Four Worlds now. Who are you?”
“I am a Protector of the Forest Way.”
“Good for you.”
“I also started the Yokum Rebellion and am now on a Quest to destroy the Chinerthian grip on the Four Worlds.”
The Lieutenant looked at him a little more closely.
“You have come here. Why?”
“To raise an army.”
“We cannot leave.”
“So I am told. You would not survive the journey back through the Dark World.”
“Partly. My name is Colvin, please sit.”
“You seem tired, Colvin,” Tocoda said.
“I am miss. My apologies, but you are?”
“My name is Tocoda. I think I can help to give you safe passage.”
He sighed from behind his desk.
“It is not that. You see our Captain was the only one who did not make it here. I have been told that the Varkurn killed him because without a Captain we cannot leave.”
“But you are next in command, surely you take that mantle,” Bell said.
“I tried,” he replied dejectedly. “But I could not.”
“Why not?”
“I know not. Because I did not have the mettle? The strength of spirit to lead the Company through the Dark World?”
“Do not be sad of yourself,” Tocoda said gently. “It is not your ability to lead, but ability to endure the Dark World.”
“You can though,” Bell said to Tocoda.
“But I am not a leader. I did not start a rebellion, Bell.”
“No. I cannot.”
“You can.”
“No, you do not know what I did.”
“Yes, I do. You took your time getting to Abterrne. Do you think if anyone else thought like that I would have waited around for you?”
“There is someone else you need to talk to,” Colvin said.
“There certainly is,” came a voice from the door. “Well, well, you seem to have my bow.”
%%%
“I thought you but a legend,” Bell said as they stood in a field.
“Better to die and become a legend than die and be forgotten,” Galvyn said with a deep laugh.
“You held the Portal of Sylvae single-handedly with your bow. You invented many techniques and discovered many forest creatures,” Bell said with awe and respect.
“I had help from that bow you have. Where did it end up?”
“A dragon had it.”
“Not that old rogue, Nagendra?”
“Yes, Sir.”
Galvyn laughed his throaty laugh again.
“He is still alive?”
“Yes, Sir, he is helping us to fight against the Chinerthians along with others.”
“Delinda, no doubt. But this is serious business. There are rules everywhere; you cannot just take the Company with you. You have to prove yourself.”
“May I ask why? Just to understand.”
“Everything has a price. These men and women were saved and now they serve, but it is more than that, Bell. They are soldiers; it is what they do, who they are. They cannot be taken away from this place without purpose; that would be worse than death for them. In order to serve they need a master, a Captain.”
“I wish not to hurt anyone,” Bell said seriously.
“Enough talk. You have my bow, we have a target. Think you can beat me in a competition?”
Bell was about to say no, there was no way he could defeat this legendary archer, but Tocoda beat him to it.
“Yes. Yes, he can.”
Galvyn looked her over and smiled to himself.
“And so we are here,” Galvyn said. “You see the targets.”
“I do.”
“We both use my bow, we both see who can score the highest.”
“How will that prove anything?” Bell asked.
“Oh, come now, that is not the spirit, is it?”
“Very well.”
Galvyn touched the bow in Bell’s hands and one appeared in his own.
“Within certain rules we are allowed copies of things from the Worlds here,” he explained. “Good to have her in my hands again.”
They decided Bell would shoot first and he fired, hitting the bullseye. Galvyn fired and his arrow split Bell’s and Bell’s next arrow split his and so on. They moved the target back and this time when Bell fired, Galvyn began furiously firing arrows at his arrow. Bell was forced to use his mind to swerve the arrow, thinking all the time of the bullseye. He landed dead centre.
“I’m impressed,” Galvyn nodded. “Again.”
This time as Bell fired Galvyn also fired and he used his mind to direct the arrow to chase Bell’s. Again Bell was forced to use his mind to move the arrow, flying up and down and side to side as Galvyn’s arrow tried to take it from the air. Once again Bell managed to hit the bullseye.
“I have seen enough,” Galvyn said.
“What have you seen?” Bell asked.
“You can use my bow.”
“Nagendra told me how.”
“But she did not tell you that not all people are able to use it. You show strength and determination and you have a strong mind, Bell.”
“Thank you, Sir,” he said as a smiling Tocoda took his hand.
“I think it is time we looked at promoting you to Captain.”
Bell and Tocoda would go on to lead the Company of the Damned through the Dark World. It would take too long to even begin to outline the harrowing adventure that it was. At every pace they were attacked by the Varkurn or by other horrific creatures that would see living beings, or those from the Thither, dead. Natural disasters also hindered them as the leaving of the Company meant that the balance of the World would have to reshape, remake itself and so even the Dark World seemed to be out to stop their passage.
And at every step the Company looked to Bell to lead and he was forced to do so. There was no chance to shirk the responsibility, no time to think of excuses. Instead he dredged up the memories of his past self as well as the intuition that came from years of living in dangerous forests. He asked his troops for suggestions, let others lead when and where it was better and met each task, each danger head on as it came to meet them.
Finally they arrived at the Land of the Dead and back where they started. Weary and fearful they left the Dark World for Abterrne.  
CHAPTER XVII

Kaitlin woke with a start, sat up and looked around. Yes, she was in her small room at the inn. She was on the island of Jun. They had once again met the young couple, Cex and his girlfriend, Jivner and they had ended up dining with them. They were a nice couple, not really that much younger than her or Connor, and they spent a good few hours talking about things and laughing. Connor was very good at covering up where he was really from. He had obviously learned a lot in his short time in the Four Worlds as he was able to talk about places and stories.
It had been her dream that night though that had awoken her. She had dreamt of the darkness of twilight and things following her in the shadows until she found herself no longer in a town, but in a dark wood. Still the things were following her as she blundered her way through the trees and bushes and now felt like she was going up, up a hill and the things were getting closer to her as she climbed until she broke out of the trees. And then the hill was not a hill, but a tall mountain and she could see the lands all around her and at the summit stood a huge white dragon, glimmering in the moonlight. He let out a deafening roar and the things that were following her fled. 
“The time of great war is at hand,” the dragon had said and then she awoke.
She lay in bed until the Sun’s rays danced through her window and then she got up and washed.
“We have to go to the Island of Ernen,” she told Connor over breakfast.
“Why?”
She told him of her dream.
“But the dragon did not mention this island,” he said.
“No, but when I awoke I had a strong sense to go there even though I have never heard of it before.”
“Fair enough.”
“Really?”
“I trust you, Kaitlin.”
“Morning,” Cex said sitting.
“Morning, Cex,” they replied together.
“Where is Jivner?” Kaitlin asked.
“Just having a wash. She is not a morning person,” he winked and took some toast.
Connor thought Cex would be jolly even in a fight to the death with a dragon ridden by a Varkurn in the Dark World. Geez, he really was beginning to fit in.
“Do you know Ernen Island?” he asked.
“Ernen? Yeah, I’ve heard of it. Not sure why. Oh, yeah, the story.”
“What story?” Kaitlin asked.
“It is a tale for children. There is not much on the island except some trees and a big, natural stone slab. Anyway, in the story the dragon Ernen is said to have landed there after a massive battle and being too wounded to keep fighting it pulled the rocks over itself like a blanket and went to sleep. That is what the slab is supposed to be, Ernen’s Bed.”
Kaitlin and Connor looked at each other.
“Is it far?” Connor asked.
“It is on the way to Fownan. I met someone who had been there, so I assume you can hire boats to get out there. I would go from here to Klastos and ask around there. Ah, here is my morning sunshine,” he beamed and Jivner merely grunted in reply.
%%%
They arrived on Klastos and went for something to eat.
“Connor, I am sorry,” Kaitlin frowned.
“What is it?”
“I think another Varkurn has sensed us.”
“We will be alright, we beat that last one,” he said.
“We should go though, go and find a boat.”
They were lucky to find that there was a regular ferry to the island of Warji and were told they could hire a boat from there. As they sailed, Kaitlin could feel the Varkurn coming closer, she feared that they were tracking her and would work out where they were going and be waiting for them. They would be safer assuming that was the case. She got Connor to ask one of the sailors where they could hire a boat and was worried to find that they would have to cross the whole island to get to the other port.
When they arrived the feeling was strong, more than just one, she thought.
“They are already here,” she told Connor.
“I am ready.”
They walked quickly through the bustling town that stretched from port to port. They did not run, but were ready to at the first sign of danger.
It came soon enough as a Varkurn swooped at them from the shadows of a doorway. People screamed and ran as Connor pulled his Air Blade. The Varkurn was warier than the other had been, it must know, he thought. It had its black sword out and it waved it in arcs in the air. Kaitlin suddenly launched a magic bolt at it, but it deflected the bolt with the blade and Connor lunged in and the Varkurn duelled with him.
“You have no skill,” it leered.
Kaitlin shot another bolt at it and this time it could not parry as it was duelling with Connor and it was knocked back enough for Connor to strike. It exploded into mist and faded.
“It knew what we could do, we’re not killing them,” he panted.
“Let us just go,” she urged and they took to a run.
They ran down the streets, dodging the people toing and froing as they reached the highest part of the island and started descending back down to the port on the other side.
“Another,” Kaitlin cried as a Varkurn launched from an alleyway.
Connor raised his blade and parried the stroke as Kaitlin shot a magical bolt that the Varkurn dodged. Connor slashed sending smoky mist disappearing into the air and the Varkurn thrust its blade at him but he dodged as Kaitlin fired another blast. This one hit the Varkurn squarely and it vaporised.
“Let’s just hope more than one of them don’t attack at once,” Connor smiled before they ran on.
He wondered why they hadn’t and surmised that he and Kaitlin were an unknown quantity. The first Varkurn they had faced had thought they would be an easy kill and they hadn’t been. Now the Varkurn did not want to throw all their troops at them in case he and Kaitlin defeated them all in one go. They were instead staggering their troops, testing them, and that suggested that they were trying to stop them reaching the port and getting on to Ernen. Did they know about that? Kaitlin had said they were creatures of the Dark World and could probably feel her Magic. Maybe they could also read what she was learning through the Magic. It was something to bear in mind as the road ended at a road that ran parallel to the ocean and the masts of many ships pointed to the sky and clanked in the soft breeze.
A Varkurn stood in front of them, it was obviously unsure as to what to do. It shifted left and right and took a step forward before looking around. There was a tense moment before the Varkurn chose to disappear.
“It went,” Kaitlin said in surprise.
“I think it’s waiting for back up,” Connor frowned.
“Then let us hire a boat.”
They hurried along the port road before finding a place to hire a small sailing boat to Ernen. Connor quickly rowed out of the port and then set the sails, he was once again glad that he had done some sailing at University.
They were about halfway to Ernen and making good time with a decent wind at their backs when the Varkurn attacked. Three of them appeared in the sky behind them and were quickly catching up.
“Keep sailing,” Kaitlin commanded.
She got up at the back or stern of the boat and began to fire bolts of magic at them. They were much more mist than person as they flew. She could see their upper body, arms out holding their swords, but instead of legs they disappeared into trailing grey smoke.
They dodged the bolts and screeched at her, she answered with more bolts and the Varkurn scattered. Connor looked back and then at the island; it wouldn’t be long before they got there, but it looked like the Varkurn would get to them first.
“Can you sail this thing?” he asked as she blasted at the Varkurn.
“I have been watching you.”
“You just steer with the tiller here.”
“What are you thinking?”
“That if they get closer, then my sword will be a better defence.”
They did draw closer, but it was harder for them to dodge Kaitlin’s bolts of magic and by judging her timing she managed to blast one to smoke before they got close enough to use their swords. At that time Kaitlin had taken the tiller to steer the rudder and Connor was up on the stern with his sword.
They clashed and he had to twist and turn to fight both of them while the ship rocked and reeled in the waves. Kaitlin fired a magic bolt where she could to keep the Varkurn on their toes. Connor had one thing going for him and that was that the Varkurn were wary of his blade, but they also seemed to be watching the approach of the island, doubling their attacks as they closed in. Kaitlin skimmed one with a bolt and it wheeled away with a shriek as some of it vanished into smoke. It was quickly back in the fight, but not before Connor was able to slash at the other one.
The two Varkurn pulled back and up before dive-bombing down, swords pointed forward and Connor wasn’t sure he would make it out alive as the boat juddered on the sandy bottom of the ocean. He fell and scrabbled up as the Varkurn closed in, Kaitlin shot up a bolt that they easily dodged and it seemed all over when there was a tremendous roar from the island and the Varkurn pulled back up and away.
“Run for it,” Connor shouted and grabbed Kaitlin’s hand.
They jumped out of the boat and splashed through the water as the Varkurn came back at them. Then they were on the shore and into some trees. They turned to face the incoming Varkurn to see them wheeling away. They watched them circle for a while and then disappear.
Both Connor and Kaitlin slumped with relief until they remembered the great roar. They looked at each other and slowly got up, they didn’t need to say anything; it was in their eyes. They knew they had to find out what had made the noise and they both had a good idea. The real question was whether it was friendly or not.
They pushed through the trees and came to the stone slab that was called Ernen’s Bed, but it was no longer a stone slab. It was smashed to rocks and stones and standing on the pile was a huge dragon, bigger than the ones they had seen so far.
“Ernen,” Kaitlin said.
“That is I,” the dragon said in their heads.
“So you really were under the stone slab,” Connor said.
“I had to hide, we all had to hide. I was told we were to bide our time rather than be destroyed, but now I am awakened,” Ernen lowered its massive head and looked at Kaitlin. Connor instinctively raised his blade. “By you. And you I do not know, but you carry Cathar’s Air Blade.”
“I did not awaken you, dragon,” Kaitlin said.
“I felt you in my dreams, felt you coming here.”
“How?”
“You are of the air and you fight for the freedom of those that are trapped, those that have to hide.”
“How can we help?” Connor asked.
“You are Dragonriders,” Ernen said.
“Oh, no, Sir,” Kaitlin said. “We are no such.”
“Yet you carry Cathar’s sword, he rode my own back and his Air Blade won many a battle and you,” he looked at Kaitlin, “you are of the very air itself, just like our very own mistress. I can feel the knowledge of the Dragonriders in you.”
“But you need not riders, we have dragons already fighting for our side.”
“Perhaps so, but we have been hidden away for so long, we know not of the Worlds nor do we have a leader to organise us. The Rafastians will be organised and ready. We need someone to follow.”
“That is not I,” Kaitlin said.
“May I look?” Ernen asked.
“If you must.”
Ernen closed his eyes and his head drooped a little before his eyes snapped wide open.
“It is you,” he said in their heads.
“Who am I?”
“Your Mother is the Mistress of the skies and you carry Cathar’s lineage. The first and greatest of the Dragonriders. And you,” he looked at Connor. “You are a Fifth Worlder.”
“I am.”
“She gave you the sword. A mighty blade to one not even from the Worlds. My kind left the Fifth World a long time ago, my mother was born there. How is it?”
“That would take a long time to explain,” Connor said and the dragon laughed in their heads.
“Perhaps we will have time later to talk on such things.”
“We are supposed to go to Fownan to meet our friends before going on to Chinerthia,” Kaitlin said.
“We have to get the Book of Five Worlds,” Connor added.
“I pledge myself to you, Mistress Dragonrider.”
“He has the sword, he should lead,” Kaitlin said.
“Whatever you wish, Mistress. I will take you both to Fownan before finding the other dragons and we will meet with you.”
“Are you sure?” Connor asked.
“The time of great war is at hand,” Ernen said. “Come climb upon my back.”
CHAPTER XVIII

The Shadow Ranger and Alura did something that she had never done before, something that made her wonder even more and want to corner him and question him. She wanted to explore his mind and Magic and find out all the truths of him. Who was this man? More than the stories of the Shadow Ranger, more than anything she had known.
“This will make a lot of people aware of us, but that is what I want. Or at least one to know,” he had said.
“What is your plan?” she asked.
“Let us find the lay of the land before we talk. I would not want to tell you things that turn out not to be true.”
And then he had teleported them back onto Sylvae. She knew she was there for she knew its air, its perfume. She knew when she was home.
“We are on Sylvae,” she said.
“Yes. These are the ruins of Tarquite,” he said looking around.
She knew she should ask how he could do that, bring them here and she thought that they had travelled through the Dark World somehow, but she had no memory of it. She should have asked him, but she was too overcome by being back on Sylvae. She had not thought of it since they had left and had not realised how much she missed it until she was back on Sylvaen soil.
“I do not know this place,” she said.
“No. It is amongst the Deep Forests, very dangerous to travel through. They say that Huxir still survive in them.”
“Huxir are stories to scare children.”
“They certainly would scare children. Eat them, I would think.”
“How very comforting. I am starting to think that when you say ‘they say’ you mean ‘it is true that’.”
He smiled.
“Perhaps.”
“What are we looking for?”
“I do not find what I thought we might. This city exists in the Dark World, we must look there too.”
“I am ready,” she said and he looked at her.
“You know that you are a very powerful Magician, but it is more than that.”
“Why do you say that?”
“What we just did is not easy and you are not even shaken by the experience. It is impressive.”
“Such a sweet tongue you have,” she smiled.
“Come, let us take a look,” he said and held out his hand.
The forests and ruins around them vanished and Alura found herself in the middle of a city.
“Are these people dead?” she asked.
“Some of them, but not the majority,” the Shadow Ranger explained.
“Why is this here?”
“It is one of the Blighted Cities, it was home to KolKath and still is. Down here.”
They walked through the streets and Alura tried not to marvel or show horror at the different beings that walked the streets. Most ignored them, but some shied away, increasing the distance between them as they passed, if not turning around and finding another street to walk down.
They walked to the centre of the city and Alura increasingly felt hostile eyes upon them.
“Ignore them, they seethe, but are impotent to do anything.”
“Why do they seethe?” she asked.
“They do not like me.”
They reached the centre of the city where a great castle resided and at the front gates were four guards that looked like a cross between an elephant and an octopus, if such a thing can be pictured. Alura thought that they would stop them entering and she certainly felt that they wanted to, but instead two of them pushed open the great doors and they walked through. They then walked through a large courtyard filled with statues depicting despicable things and on to the great keep where once again guards opened the doors for them. In here there were more statues, but also paintings showing hideous scenes and depraved actions. In the centre sat a huge thing on an even bigger throne. Alura could see that the throne was made of a dark wood and was carved to show even more depraved things.
“You dare to come here?” the thing asked.
It was hard for Alura’s brain to process the thing. It was monstrously fat and flabby, with many rolls of fat and appeared to be naked, though she could not see all of its body due to the fat. It’s body was covered in horns, large and small and she thought she could see creatures moving within it’s rolls of fat. It had tiny eyes clustered on its flabby face, too many to be able to count and a large mouth with a tongue that lolled out and flicked back in to speak.
“Apparently I dare,” the Shadow Ranger said.
“You have no power here.”
“Is that which you truly believe, KolKath?”
Alura could see that the beast was uneasy in Mattaeus’ presence even though it was trying to be otherwise.
“What is it that you want?”
“Cyclo came to visit you.”
“What matters if he did? I am not interested in what that vermin peddles.”
“And what is that?” the Shadow Ranger asked.
“You know not?” Kolkath asked and seemed genuinely interested in the fact.
“I have more important things to do than scratch an itch.
“He has been skittering about here and there for a long time now. Looking for things.”
“Such as?” Mattaeus said.
“I told you I had not an interest in what he wanted to know,” KolKath said irritably.
“Knowledge then,” the Shadow Ranger mused.
“I said that not,” the thing said and Alura could sense that it had let something slip.
“Speak on,” the Shadow Ranger said.
“I’m not the only one he came to, but you know that,” KolKath said. “Despite our differences, and my ills, you have never done wrong by me. That is why you are here.”
“You do not see your own evils,” the Shadow Ranger said.
“I do not see that which you call evils. Cyclo originally came for knowledge, certain knowledges that I have. He’s been out looking for books; the Library has been seized and will be filled again.” 
“That is not of my concern,” the Shadow Ranger replied and Kolkath laughed, a terrible noise that made Alura queasy.
“So you say, but we both know it does and you are a fool not to take an active hand.”
“It is for others,” the Shadow Ranger dismissed.
“Stones then? They are more of your interest, are they not?”
Mattaeus was loathe to give anything away, he didn’t like this thing knowing more than he nor schooling him, but the truth was that KolKath did know more and it was information that Mattaeus needed.
“Speak,” was all he said, but KolKath grinned.
“It’s why he came to me in the first instance. Looking for Thitherspheres, thought I had one. Looking for Black Hearts, thought I had one of those too. Maybe I do, but I wouldn’t let him know that, would I?”
“Are you and he not in league?” Alura asked and wished she hadn’t as it made the thing laugh again.
“Urtheans are so delightfully naïve, are they not? I see why you spend so much time with them. Your friend here may think that I am evil, but that is merely his view on it; Cyclo, Nargel and the like however are evil. No one needs that in their lives.”
“What is his aim?” the Shadow Ranger asked.
“You know he would not share such a thing, but I believe he was trying to travel beyond the Forest of Gu. Ahh, yes, I see by your face that interests you. Thought it would,” KolKath grinned hideously.
“Was,” the Shadow Ranger said.
Yes, most recently he came looking for support, for troops.”
“Troops?”
“An army, Arturo, I assume to finish you off.”
“He would never believe he would need one,” the Shadow Ranger mused.
“It was not for him.”
“For Nargel? He is no one’s lackey.”
“Unless it serves his own end,” KolKath admonished.
“But you would not.”
“I did not,” the thing said.
“Does he not rule this place, is it not bad for you?” Alura asked.
The thing, KolKath, laughed and it was a hideous sight.
“The only one who truly believes he rules is himself. No one was ever going to give him true power.”
“Do not underestimate him,” the Shadow Ranger warned.
“Watch your own back, Arturo,” the beast warned in return.
%%%
They were back on Sylvae, standing in the ruins of the ancient city.
“Arturo?”
“It is an old name,” Mattaeus dismissed and she knew better than to push it.
“So what have you learned? More than I suspect, no doubt.”
“Cyclo was not waiting with the stone as he said. KolKath said he had been roaming around for a long time, Cyclo knew we were coming.”
“But he said he waited to fight you and left because of something new.”
“Yes, we assumed that was the change in the Balance and the coming fight, but it was not. Something else.”
“What?”
“I know not,” he shook his head with frustration. “You can never trust the words of Cyclo.”
“What else?”
“He is trying to recruit an army for Nargel. That means he has an army to fight against.”
“The Army of the True King?”
“It must be. Listen to me; all along I have known that there was more to this. I knew that other forces would be involved, that they would want to use the changing of the Balance for their own gain, but I never thought they would instigate it.”
“Perhaps Cyclo’s plan changed when he heard the True King was freed,” she tried, but he shook his head.
“Nargel would have known straightaway. He was not expecting it. Now I think on it, that is the truth.”
“But that still fits. Suddenly the Balance is changing and, like you said, Nargel is trying to use it to his advantage. He is still trying to play catch up, Shadow Ranger.”
“No. The Princess of the Forest, I should have known then. How did she know our plight? How did she know so soon?”
“She felt it in the forest?” she asked.
“Perhaps, perhaps, but there is more, more that I have not the time to explain to you. Trust me when I say that I think there have been other forces behind this the whole time. We must get to Fownan.”
“You should not have been so brash with your Magic,” a gravelly voice rasped.
“It was not you I wished to attract,” the Shadow Ranger said.
“You should have known we would come.”
“It is the things we fought when we arrived in Hokino,” Alura said alarmed.
“Yes, they are a continual nuisance,” the Shadow Ranger told her.
“Cyclo’s Bane is a bane to everyone,” another Varkurn said coming from the shadows of a ruined building.
“Only the bane of Outerfield half-breeds,” the Shadow Ranger said. “Let us be on with this.”
He drew his sword and Alura raised Magic balls on her palms. The first Varkurn to charge was smashed by one such ball as the Shadow Ranger jumped a low ruin and slashed at another. Alura blasted one that attacked the Shadow Ranger from behind and it disintegrated into smoke as the Shadow Ranger fought with another. She formed a sword out of magical energy as the Varkurn were too close for fireballs and she and the Shadow Ranger duelled against them. They moved through the ruins, the Shadow Ranger leaping up onto a wall and then over a Varkurn, twisting and slashing at the same time as Alura jumped over a wall and spun in mid-air, firing a bolt of magic at the pursuing Varkurn. They had nearly defeated all of the Varkurn when more arrived from the Dark World.
“To me,” Mattaeus called to her and she slashed at a Varkurn and jumped a wall to get to him.
He grabbed her hand and the Varkurn closed in, were nearly in striking distance when suddenly they were once again near the town of Seagam’s Rest. She could smell the salt in the air and feel the fresh ocean breeze on her face.
“Will they come?”
“They will have to track us first.”
“Or I could tell them you are here,” Cyclo said coming out of the darkness.
“You will not get the chance before my blade stays you,” the Shadow Range threatened, raising his sword.
“Two against one is hardly fair,” Cyclo frowned.
“And you are all about fairness.”
“And you are, are you? Tsk, tsk, it takes one to know one, they say.”
“Your end has come,” the Shadow Ranger said through gritted teeth.
“And then you will never know what I have been up to. I have been a very naughty boy,” Cyclo grinned at him.
“I know exactly what you’ve been doing.”
His face turned serious. “No. No you don’t. Oh, you’ve spoken to KolKath, that derivative piece of lard. You think that means you know what I’m doing?”
Cyclo barked a laugh.
“You run around trying to raise an army for him, like a lackey runs errands for his master.”
Cyclo’s face turned a deep shade of furious and then dropped into a relaxed, measured expression.
“He is a simpleton with a simple plan that few want,” Cyclo said calmly. “But no one wants the other extreme, do they? Well, you might, I suppose. The roads to Terralin are closed as the old rhyme goes,” he waggled his eyebrows at the Shadow Ranger.
“And what interest do you have?” Alura asked.
“Ooh, you’ve trained your pet well,” Cyclo giggled.
The Shadow Ranger looked at him, loathed him, but stilled his tongue. Cyclo had given himself away at the Temple of Pavilli, but he wasn’t going to point that out. Cyclo did not know, could not imagine, just how much the Shadow Ranger knew, how only small things that Cyclo did told him so much more. It was that that was going to keep him ahead of Cyclo’s plans. Still, Cyclo suspected, that was why he was here, to try and control the damage from that meeting, play it off as nothing.
“What is your purpose here unless to surrender your life to my blade?”
Cyclo laughed.
“Oh, yes, very good. Very good. But no. You are trying to defeat the Black Queen, it is very quaint, save the people and all that,” he smiled condescendingly at them both, “but the Chinerthians will have the smell of war and will fight anyway. Others join the battle, they gather on the Plain of Vogel. You will fall if you disregard this, but if you face it your friends will fail, the Black Queen will continue to reign.”
He looked from the Shadow Ranger to Alura and began to giggle.
“Choices choices, you can’t win.” 
“I have heard enough drivel,” the Shadow Ranger said.
“Good,” Alura said and blasted Cyclo with a bolt of Magic.
He disappeared, she could not tell before or because she hit him.
“That was foolish,” Mattaeus said.
“You wanted to talk more?” she pouted and he shook his head.
“He is a fool. He came here only to goad us, lead our hand. His pride is his downfall, he thinks too highly of his intellect.”
“What do we do now?” she asked.
“Back to town. Rest and then we travel to Fownan, we must talk with the others.”
CHAPTER XIX

Lucas and Dylan sat outside with DeWilder and Dawna and each had a drink and the remains of a meal in front of them. The town was bustling due to a recently arrived boat and people had left as others arrived. Despite what was going on with the Chinerthians, it seemed many people were living as usual. It was the same on Sylvae as they freed the True King and the same on Hokino as they searched for the Stones of Aremis; it was only afterwards, after they left that the people had to face war and battle. Dylan felt shame that he helped start those battles, but always left, never fought in them. He was also, he had to admit, glad that he didn’t have to fight in them. What they were doing, had done, was hard enough. He didn’t think he could fight in an actual war.
“What will you do now?” he asked.
“Travel around, stay away from Chinerthians,” DeWilder said.
“I will go home,” Dawna said.
“Do you think it is safe?” Lucas asked.
“Yes, the Chinerthians are not looking for me,” she told him.
“I doubt they are still looking for anyone,” DeWilder added. “They would have done quick sweeps before heading towards the Portal. That is their bigger problem.”
“But we will be safe, not sorry. I will send a carrier frane to DeWilder if it is safe for him to come home.”
“You must be safe for yourself also,” Lucas said with a touch of worry.
“Do not worry on me, I will be safe, worry on yourselves. You go on to Fownan?”
“Yes,” Dylan said.
“There will be Chinerthians there if anywhere,” DeWilder said.
“Yes and what of the Varkurn? They know of you, they will tell the Black Queen,” Dawna said with worry.
“We cannot go back now,” Lucas said. “We have come too far and we knew that this would happen, we would always have to face the Chinerthians.”
He was right, Dylan thought, but he had never thought of it. Never really looked forward to how all this would end; never imagined that the Chinerthians would find and fight them. What had he thought would happen? That they would sneak all the way across Chinerthia and then beat the Black Queen and leave? No one ever knowing? His stomach was suddenly weighed down with dread, with the terrible realisation that they were going to enter a World that was wholly against them. How were they planning to do such a thing? Had anyone thought it through? Surely the Shadow Ranger had, or Bell. He was no longer sure he wanted to continue.
“There is a boat in the morning, until then let us not dwell on such things,” Dawna said kindly.
That night his dreams were of battle and war. He was on a battlefield and all around him were men and women fighting and the air was thick with smoke. He could hear swords clashing, but also what he knew to be planes overhead. They were dropping bombs on people and he had to find his Dad before they got bombed. He didn’t want to fight, he wanted to get away and every time he saw a gap in the fighting he ran to it only to find that he was back in the middle of it. Again he could see a gap, could see green grass free of people and as he ran to it he felt ashamed that he was running away instead of fighting, but as he reached the edge of the battle everything skipped again and he was back in the centre.
A bomb dropped close by and he could see the fire from it engulf the people, burn them away and he cried as it reached him, but it disappeared just before it did and where it had been he saw his friends. The Foreshadow of the Balance and he knew that they were dead even though they stood there.
‘You left us,’ Bell said.
‘You did not fight and we died,” Kaitlin said sadly.
‘We should not have followed you,’ Lucas accused.
He screamed out at them that it wasn’t his fault; that he couldn’t fight, he was too young. It was their fault for following him, not his. And then he saw his Dad standing there next to Kaitlin with a sad, ashamed look on his face, ashamed at his son and then Dylan awoke with a cry.
“It is alright,” Dawna soothed.
“What? Who?”
“It is alright, it is just I, Dawna.”
“Dream?” Dylan asked feebly.
“Just a dream,” she said and he could see Lucas standing by the door.
“It was horrible.”
“It is over now.”
He was quiet over breakfast and then they said their farewells and boarded their ship. It sailed quickly enough and reached the next island at midday. From there they were to take a large sailing ship all the way to the island of Fownan, which was named after the Capital City that it held. It was, Dawna had said over breakfast, exactly half way between the two continents, Haalva and Uto. 
The ship they were now on had cabins and went to Fownan, stopping at islands on the way. Lucas seemed a bit down and he was happy to spend some time on his own, but as the days wore on they came back together again to play games to pass the time. Some were board games that the ship supplied; some were games of their own invention. There were other kids his age on the ship, but he found it difficult to interact with them. They were all about childish things, when he had the weight of his Quest upon his shoulders. After a few more days he found that he could play with them more, as long as he didn’t think about it too much, and they played games with other families.
He didn’t know what the other adults thought about him and Lucas travelling together, they could not lie and say they were Father and Son, no one would believe it, and so they said nothing and no one asked.
In the hours after lunch Dylan and Lucas sat and talked. Sometimes about the little things from their lives before, but mostly about what had happened to them and what was going to happen.
“How are we going to get through Chinerthia?”
“You have asked that already.”
“And you didn’t answer it.”
“The Shadow Ranger will know,” Lucas shrugged.
“I just, I never thought about it being any different than the other Worlds, but there every person will be against us. There’ll be no inns to sleep in, no good meals.”
“You do not know that everyone wants to be ruled. Perhaps the everyday people would be happy for us to destroy the Black Queen.”
“I don’t think so, Lucas and neither do you,” Dylan frowned.
“What has all this been about since we got to Sophoi? All about how there is more to it than just the Black Queen. The Shadow Ranger will know this, of that I am sure,” Lucas nodded to himself.
“DeWilder said that the Black Queen would be looking for the Shadow Ranger.”
“I would think he has been a Chitterbug on her hip,” Lucas said.
“DeWilder also wanted us to know about Nargel, about how he came to power. I think it is all linked, Lucas. I think this is more about Mattaeus and Nargel than the Black Queen. I think this all started long before the Yokum Rebellion.”
“How do you put this together?”
“I don’t know, a lot is a jumble, I need to write it all down. Just think about Mattaeus though. Remember way back at the Magician’s house? When the Princess appeared?”
“How could I forget such a thing? Though perhaps such oddities are more commonplace in my life now.”
“Remember the way he talked to her? He told her off for using a name or something.”
“Yes, I was too surprised to really listen, but, by thunder, I think you are right.”
“All through our journey he has known things we have not, all through people have acted differently with him. I think he might be a part of these stories about Nargel.”
“So you think he has been doing this for his own ends?”
“No. I think he joined to change the Balance, but I think he knew there would be others involved. And I don’t think he came across us because he was chasing bandits in the woods.”
“You are so very smart for one so young,” Lucas said, impressed.
“I don’t know if any of it is true,” Dylan shook his head.
%%%
And so time passed and people left and new people boarded and the Sun shone, the rains rained and the wind blew and after Dylan had lost count of the days they arrived on the very large island of Fownan.
A terrible storm had blown over and the rain fell heavily as they ran down the boarding ramp and scurried under the cover of the eaves of a building.
“There, is that an inn?” Lucas asked pointing.
“I think so, ready to run?”
“Stay close to me, young Guardian.”
With that they ran diagonally up the street through the sheets of rain and burst into a dry, warm and cosy inn. It was packed with people due to the weather, but Lucas pushed his way through with no problem and they were lucky to find a small table at the back just being left free. If anyone else had been waiting for a table longer, no one was going to argue with Lucas and they sat down and shook off the rain.
“How are we supposed to find the others?” Dylan asked.
“I know not, we never discussed it.”
“They must have known we could all find each other though, otherwise they would have.”
“Let us wait until we arrive at the City itself, perhaps it will become obvious then. For now? An ale.”
While Lucas was at the bar Dylan felt around in his bag and found the piece of petrified wood that Bell had given him for his birthday. He remembered that Alura had touched it and told him that he would always be able to find Kaitlin. That was kinda weird; why wouldn’t she have made it between him and his Dad? Maybe she had thought he would always be with his Dad, but at this point his Dad would be with Kaitlin.
He wasn’t really sure what to do with it so he held it in the middle and squeezed a little. She was that way. He did not quite know how he knew or where exactly, but he knew and he knew she was not close. That made him sad as he knew that the direction it had shown him was the one they had come, out to ocean. They were not here yet.
“I think the rain saved us,” Lucas said sitting back down.
“How come?”
“What I heard at the bar was that Chinerthians are checking people coming in at all the major ports.”
“That’s not good for the others,” Dylan frowned.
“No, but I think Bell and the Shadow Ranger at least will think of it and come in another way.”
“What about my Dad and Kaitlin?”
“Maybe they are here already.”
“No. I used my petrified wood, remember how Alura linked me and Kaitlin?”
“Right.”
“I used it, they’re not here yet.”
“I know not. We cannot stay here, what if they come through a different port? What if the others are waiting for us in the City?”
Dylan let out a small sob of frustration.
“They will be alright, Dylan, we arrived, did we not?”
Dylan nodded to himself. Lucas was right, he was just a boy and he had gotten this far, his Dad would too.
“You’re right. He’s probably more worried about me.”
Lucas smiled.
“I think not. He knows he has nothing to worry about.”
“Because I’m with you?”
“No, because you are strong yourself, you have survived so much and still at such a young age.”
“I have, haven’t I?”
This was a better way of thinking about it. Positively. They had accomplished so much already, things that no one else had been able to. They would be able to accomplish more; they would make it through Chinerthia and to the Black Queen.
“Yes. But now we have more to do, we must get out and to the City. The sound of the rain on the roof has lessened.”
“We need horses,” Dylan said.
They walked out into the rain and hurried through the town until they found a stable. They saved their money and only bought one horse to share and also found out how to get to the Capital City.
As they rode out of the town the rain hardened for twenty minutes or so before easing off and stopping completely. The Sun burst out from the rags of the clouds and the air became hot and humid.
As they rode, Lucas thought on what Dylan had said. It made sense that if there were others involved in this then it would be from both sides, heroes and villains. If the monsters of the Dark World had a hand in all this then surely there would be ones that would stop them. Look at him, by thunder, talking of the Dark World as if it was a real place. He had never believed in things such as Nargel and the Righteous, there was enough in the day-to-day World without adding in gods and monsters. But everyone he had met since he blundered into the Fifth World seemed to think they all existed. Was Mattaeus one of them? Was he some kind of god? Or worse, a monster?
“What about the Righteous?” he asked.
“Who’s the Righteous?”
“I am unsure. The opposite of Nargel, I think.”
“What about him?”
“Well everyone is talking about Nargel being involved, if he is, then would not the Righteous be also?”
“I hadn’t thought of it, no one has really mentioned the Righteous. We should have asked DeWilder,” Dylan said.
“It would be a good thing, though. If we accept that they all exist, then the Righteous would be helping us and guiding us, with that we could not fail.”
“You don’t think he exists?”
“I never have; I never believed in the Dark World or anything like that. But then I believed not in the Fifth World either. Do you believe it?”
“My Dad said my Mum went to a better place,” Dylan frowned to himself. “I want to believe she did, but the Dark World does not sound better.”
“It is but a name, I think. Surely the Righteous does not live in a dark world.”
“Maybe. I don’t want to think that she just disappeared, just became nothing, but I don’t want to think she might be in the Dark World ruled by some evil person. I think just being nothing would be better than that.”
“From what I remember from being a child, the Dark World is run by Nargel, but that is not really where dead people go. They go to a Land of the Dead.”
“What is that?”
“Know not, I had a, well, odd aunt who believed it and told us. We did not pay much attention to her.”
“We?”
“I have a brother and a sister. At least I had,” he frowned to himself, he had not thought of them in a long time.
“What happened?”
“The Siege of Tahoma. I do not know if they escaped it or not.”
“I am sorry for your loss,” Dylan said.
“Aye and I for yours. Birth and death are the way of the Worlds, young Guardian.”
CHAPTER XX

“Everyone has a destiny, you know that,” the woman said.
Roma had difficulty looking at her as she had no face, just smooth, unwrinkled skin. She wondered how she could hear the woman talking when she had no mouth, but did not like to think on it. Instead she looked around from where the woman sat; the room was small and there were a lot of mirrors, too many for someone who could not look into them. Surely this woman could not see without any eyes, but why then the mirrors?
“She should not be here,” d’Gaz said angrily.
“And yet here she is,” the woman replied.
“You know more than you say.”
“And you know less than you should.”
“Do not toy with me, Ixil.”
“Do not tell me what to do,” the woman threatened.
“You think I fear you?” d’Gaz asked quietly.
“I think you should.”
“You know who I am.”
“I know who you were,” Ixil replied.
“She is innocent.”
“Even the worst offender was once an innocent child,” the woman replied calmly.
“What are you saying?” d’Gaz asked taken by surprise.
“Calm yourself, I am not suggesting that. We are not enemies, Murtagh, you and I.”
“No, we are not,” d’Gaz sighed.
“I thought your name was d’Gaz?” Roma asked.
“Let it be for now. Can you help?” he asked Ixil.
“You know I do not help, you know that I only watch.”
“What have you seen? Do not try and play out the neutral angle with me, Ixil, I know it not to be true.”
“Things have been darkened to me,” she said.
“Do not lie to me,” d’Gaz shouted angrily.
“I lie not,” Ixil replied in equal anger. “It is so. There is much leaking in and out, but I fear some has been purposely darkened.”
“I apologise, I am frayed,” d’Gaz said softly.
“Nargel forms an army, that I can see; the Plain of Vogel darkens with ill intent and blood.”
“An army? To fight against us.”
“No, he does not want to stop you, it forms to fight the army that follows you.”
“So Nargel has no plans to stop us reaching the Black Queen?”
“I tell you he has darkened my vision, but I have a feeling, a terrible feeling that sits in my heart both night and day for the last years.”
“What do you feel?”
“I do not know. A terrible fear, a terrible darkness, Murtagh.”
Ixil sobbed and Roma watched tears pop out of her skin, just under where the eyes should be and roll down her face.
“Be well, Ixil, we are here to stop such things,” d’Gaz said.
“You struggle to see?” Roma asked.
“Do not interfere,” d’Gaz warned.
“But I can help her see,” Roma insisted.
“And how is that?” d’Gaz asked with a touch of mocking.
“My father, he is the island’s wise man,” she said.
“You are Kuow’s daughter?” d’Gaz asked, now with a touch of surprise.
“Yes, and I have some of his gift. They ignore it though, I being a woman. Women are nothing on Gerder,” she almost spat the last sentence out.
“Child do not get involved in this,” d’Gaz said.
“I want to help, she is scared,” Roma said and approaching Ixil, all repulsion gone, touched her forehead.
d’Gaz commanded her to stop before she did, but it did not stop her. Time seemed to stop and there was not a sound, in fact d’Gaz felt that he had gone deaf and then suddenly time sped up and his hearing returned as Roma drew her hands away and Ixil screamed.
“What is it?” he asked with alarm.
“Oh, Murtagh, I saw, I saw.”
“What did you see, Ixil?”
“Him. The one they call King, Nargel’s master.”
“That is not possible, Ixil.”
“It is what they have been hiding from me,” she sobbed.
“But what about him?”
“I know not for sure, but what else? He is in reach. The Book, the Book…”
She broke down in tears and would not answer any more questions, nor be soothed and so they left her.
“What was she talking about?” Roma asked outside Ixil’s little house.
“Myths and legends even to me,” d’Gaz replied. “Did you see anything?”
“I did not understand it, something deeply wrong. Like the Dark World, but it felt, well, farther away.”
“If Ixil is right then it is deeply wrong indeed.”
“There is more, something I could understand because you brought me to this World. I saw it, d’Gaz, as if from the air and the land was crawling with armies. I stood on a hill and below me a river ran red with blood and beyond was a great and beautiful city, but it was on fire and people fled. I saw a great forest on fire and great men and women riding on horseback, riding to war.”
d’Gaz looked at her and then took her shoulders in his hands and nodded.
“Is it the future?” she wracked a sob.
“No. It is a path, something that could be, or that some would want.”
“I don’t understand.”
d’Gaz chuckled.
“That does not surprise me, I am struggling to understand myself. You have done well, accepted a lot. We have one last visit and then we shall leave again for the waters of Sophoi.
%%%
They travelled on and once again the journey was long, but short as if they skipped parts of it. Her memory could not put it all together, her mind could not deal with a feeling of a long time passing, but only a short distance and at the same time a short time passing having travelled a great distance.
Now they passed an invisible line where the roiling purple sky lightened and turned to blue and the odd colours of the landscape became the greens and browns that she was used to. They were walking along a wide river that she did not remember seeing until she just looked at it.
“That… that river, it’s the one…” she stumbled.
“The Olance,” d’Gaz nodded.
“But this is somewhere different?” she said.
“Yes. This is the Thither, a far better place than the Dark World.”
“It is a different world?” she asked.
“Yes and no. We are in a different part of the same place. It is all the Outerfield technically, but the Four Worlders call it the Dark World as stories tell of Nargel’s rule over the Land of the Dead. That is not true either.”
“We do not have such stories on Gerder, there we believe you go to a place under the ocean when you die. Some say that the spirits of the dead are the ones who guide the Keie whales past the island.”
“I like that idea,” d’Gaz replied.
“But it is not true, is it? This is the truth.”
“Who says? Just because some people come here, does that mean everyone does?”
“Do you know or do you not?” she asked crossly.
“I have never looked into it. We are here.”
She hadn’t noticed that they had walked through a meadow and up a gradual incline to a lone farmhouse.
“Where are we?” she asked.
“Home,” he replied and opened the door for her.
It was small with the lounge room being the largest. She could see through doors a kitchen and bathroom and two tiny bedrooms. Although it looked lived in with all the furniture there, no one was home.
“They are out?”
“No one lives here, no one has for a long time. In fact this building does not even exist anymore.”
“Then how?”
“You.”
“What?”
“You have your Father’s gift and his Father’s before him.”
“But you knew not that I could come through with you.”
“No. This was not where I had planned to come, but if you did not come through for evil then it must be for good.”
“Who brought me here then?”
“It matters not. See here, this was my room.”
“You were born here.”
“Yes I was.”
“I do not understand how,” she admitted.
d’Gaz laughed.
“Worry not on it, there is enough in the Four Worlds to not understand.”
“So what did you come here for? What thing?”
“No thing. I just had to come, to remember myself.”
“Remember what?”
“That would take an age to explain. Look around, touch things.”
“Why?”
“Because you are here; because you have your father’s gift. Perhaps you will learn something; Ixil said you were here because of destiny.”
“Something that concerns me,” a voice said and they both turned to the doorway.
Roma had never seen a woman like her. She was tall with perfect curves and hair that was either blonde or silver, or both, she could not tell. Her face was flawless with piercing blue/green eyes and bold, red lips. She was dressed in a flowing dress of white with a shawl of deep gold and a golden tiara.
d’Gaz had never seen anyone like her either, but she could only be one person.
“My lady, is it really you?” he asked from a bow.
“I have always had my eye on you and your friend. Always courting chance and destiny, always playing a game to beat both.”
“It has never been my intention to offend you,” d’Gaz said straightening.
“No, because you never thought me real,” she said.
“Who are you? You are beautiful,” Roma said with awe.
“I am Tarcalla.”
“I have not heard of you.”
“You would know me as Oiswith.”
“The ruler of the wind.”
“Who?” d’Gaz asked surprised.
“In Gerder lore, she plays with the wind and makes it change direction. This is why the weather is so hard to predict,” Roma explained.
“She is Tarcalla, Roma, she is the Lady of Chance.”
“You could say I play with the winds of life,” she smiled.
“What have we done that you would come to us?” d’Gaz asked.
“It is her. Her being here lets you get what you want, but how is she here?”
“I know not.”
“No. Neither I, this is not chance, this is deliberate and I like it not.”
“What will you do?”
“Games are being played, games with the future and with how life should be. This is not fair to the people of the Worlds. I know what you are up to, you and him. Be wary for you are pawns.”
With that she walked out of the house. Roma ran after her, but she was nowhere to be seen. She walked slowly around the little house, looking in every direction, but the Lady of Chance had vanished. She got back to the front door and stood looking over the land and after she knew not how long d’Gaz rejoined her.
“Let us go, our time here is spent,” he said.
%%%
“How are these for stories?” d’Gaz asked as they reached the stone steps again.
“Too much,” she replied. “It seems that gathering too many stories means you can never go home.”
“Do not be sad, child, that is not the case, but you do have to understand them and their place before you can.”
They both touched the stone and d’Gaz was worried that she would not get back through, but she did and they were both there on the island of Altersee. From there they sailed on to the nearest large island where they docked and Roma got off.
“What will you do now?” d’Gaz asked.
She felt the money in her bag; he had given her enough money to get home with, more than enough.
“I know not. I do not think it is my time to go home yet,” she frowned at her words.
“It was not chance that you stowed away on my ship, Roma. Ixil said you had a destiny, and I think she was true.”
“That is why the Lady was angry?”
“Partly, yes. Chance is good for us, you know? It is not good to know how tomorrow will be. Plans must fail for others to succeed. She does not like people messing that up.”
“So she will be angry with me.”
d’Gaz laughed.
“No. You will set your plans, but chance will still play a part in them. Plans are also good for us.”
“Will I ever see you again?”
“We will leave that to chance,” he smiled.
“Did you find what you were looking for in the Dark World?”
“Aye, thanks to you.”
“What did you find?”
“Myself,” he said softly.
“I think I should go and do the same,” she nodded to herself and then smiled at him. “Farewell, d’Gaz, may the passage of the Keie whale nourish you.”
“And also you, Roma.”
With that she turned and walked into the crowds of the busy port and d’Gaz set sail for Fownan.
CHAPTER XXI

It was in an inn called ‘The Basking Zantu Shark’ that they all finally came together. Dylan could track Kaitlin; Kaitlin and Alura could track each other, as could Mattaeus and d’Gaz. The only one who could not know where the others were was Bell, but Mattaeus somehow knew where he was once he was on the island and followed him, causing all the others to follow in that direction until Bell stopped for a rest.
“So you survived Abterrne,” Mattaeus said placing two drinks on the table. “Tocoda,” he nodded to her.
“Shadow Ranger,” she said curtly.
“It is good to see you again, and you Alura, it is good to see you well,” Bell beamed.
“It is good to see you both in one piece, no doubt you have much to tell.”
It was at that moment that Connor, Kaitlin, Dylan and Lucas walked in and everyone got up and gave hugs and shakes all round.
“When did you arrive?” Alura asked.
“Earlier today and Dylan found us using the petrified wood,” Kaitlin smiled, just so happy to see her sister again.
“Knew it would come in handy,” Alura grinned.
“Let us not be apart again,” Kaitlin replied seriously.
Lucas and Mattaeus moved another table up so they could all sit around and had just got in drinks when d’Gaz came through the door.
“Starting the party without me, are we?”
“d’Gaz,” Connor said cheerfully, “we have an ale here waiting for you.”
“You see? That is why we are friends,” d’Gaz grinned and sat.
“Well,” Mattaeus said looking around the table. “We have been parted, but we have come together again. As you, like us, have only just arrived, I must assume that you, like us, were diverted.”
There were nods from around the table.
“Then we all have stories to tell, facts come to light.”
“Yes, lots,” Dylan said excitedly. He was just excited to be with his friends again.
“Keep it for tonight, let us enjoy each other’s company. Tomorrow we will sort through the facts that we now know.”
“Shadow Ranger,” Kaitlin said.
“Yes?”
“For tonight you must know that we have been attacked by the Varkurn.”
“Us also,” Lucas said.
“And we too,” Mattaeus agreed. “Let us be watchful and wary.”
“Can I tell a story?” Dylan asked. “It’s not about the Quest, just something we saw.”
“Very well,” Mattaeus smiled.
“We met these nice people, Dawna and DeWilder and they took us to the island of Yacoff where people hunt Tykats.”
“We met a Tykat ourselves,” Alura moaned.
“We didn’t see one, but we went to this island to read some books and we saw a Zantu shark pretend to be stranded in the shallow waters and these big sea snakes came out to eat it and then other sharks attacked. It was amazing, they said they had never seen anything like it.”
“That is amazing,” his Dad grinned.
“You went to see books?” Bell asked.
“Prophecies,” Lucas said and Bell nodded.
“I saw the histories, I was told they were held in different places.”
“I saw the Keie whale festival on Gerder,” d’Gaz told Mattaeus.
“Ahh, it has been a long time since I have been there for that.”
“The last time was with me,” d’Gaz said.
“What’s the Keie whale festival?” Connor asked and d’Gaz explained.
“It has not been all hardship then?” Bell asked.
“And for you?” Kaitlin asked back.
“I have not seen much of splendour,” he shook his head.
“I am sorry, Bell,” Mattaeus said and was then surprised by Bell’s pained expression.
Bell looked at Tocoda and blushed.
“I have seen exquisite beauty,” he told the table and Lucas burst into laughter.
“Aye, my friend, so have I. And she makes exquisite ale too.”
They all laughed.
“It is good to hear that someone knows the way to Lucas’ heart,” d’Gaz decried.
There was talk of things they had seen and things they knew, always skirting information relating to their Quest. They couldn’t talk on it now anyway; they needed time to process it into something that could be shared.
Later, after they had eaten and secured rooms for the night, they had split off into pairs or threes to talk.
“I know,” Kaitlin told her sister.
“Know what?”
“You know what. I met our Mother.”
“You did?” she was taken back.
“Yes.”
“It was, I was… Was she well?”
“She was. She was beautiful,” Kaitlin smiled.
“I have never seen her,” Alura said sadly.
“But you knew who she was, who we were.”
“Yes. I am sorry, sister, Father told me to keep it from you.”
“Why?”
“Because you are wonderful and trusting and you believe all people and things to be good.”
“I am not so naïve,” Kaitlin said crossly.
“I did not say that and what I did say was not an accusation. Father wanted to protect you from it.”
“It is well, Sister. The truth is now out and I know you did what you did to protect me.”
“I did,” Alura said with tears slipping down her cheeks. “What did she tell you?”
“She told me who I was, she told me what I had hidden inside. What we both have. We are not supposed to talk on the Quest, but…” she stopped with a smile.
“What is it, Kaitlin? You must tell me.”
“I rode a dragon here,” she giggled.
“A dragon?”
“I am a Dragonrider now, Connor and I both.”
“What? You, my lovely sister?
“I know! Me! I am a Dragonrider. He is Ernen and he is gathering my army even now,” she grinned.
“By thunder, we are all doomed,” Alura giggled back.
%%%
“We were attacked by a Varkurn too,” Dylan said.
“Really? Were you scared?” Connor asked.
“No,” Dylan said bravely, but honestly. “I know I should have been, but I wasn’t.”
“What did you do?”
“I pulled my sword, you remember how the Kroetins didn’t like it in the Halls of Kymer?”
“I do, where did you get this blade?”
“Well I drew it,” Dylan continued ignoring his Dad’s question, “and then I touched Lucas’ axe and it became magical too and he fought the Varkurn.”
“That is amazing, you did so well,” his Dad beamed. “I too have a new sword too, look at this.”
%%%
“So who is this ale maker?” Bell asked.
“Who is this first,” Lucas replied.
“My apologies, this is Tocoda.”
“You wear the red cloak.”
“That is the past, Lucas.”
“If you say so. How do we go, Tocoda?”
“It is well,” she smiled. “Is that right?”
“Spoken like a true Sylvaen,” Lucas grinned. “You know that he is more complicated a man than his veggie patch would suggest?”
“You never told me you grew vegetables,” Tocoda smiled at Bell who flushed with embarrassment.
“One has to eat,” he said.
“Do not be embarrassed, I like it,” she smiled. “And what of this woman you have met, Lucas?”
“A fine, stout woman, strong as an ox with a heart to match,” Lucas said proudly. “And the ale? By thunder, the ale. What a woman.”
%%%
“Many things have happened,” d’Gaz said seriously.
“Of that I am aware,” the Shadow Ranger said gravely.
“I met her.”
“Who?”
“Tarcalla.”
“You met Tarcalla?”
“I did.”
“That is profound.”
“I thought she was just made up, you know, describing fate and chance as a person.”
“And now you know differently,” Mattaeus said.
“You knew though, did you not?”
“What is important is that you met her. Why?”
“No, that is not important, what is important is the things I have learned,” d’Gaz said seriously.
“We knew this was deeper than just the Balance.”
“No,” d’Gaz seethed. “You knew that.”
“Alright then, I knew that, but it is more than that, is it not?”
“Yes. Tell me what you know.”
“What if he started it all? What if all of this is more than the Balance because that is what it has been from the start?” Mattaeus asked.
“Keep talking.”
“What if Nargel started all of this?”
“Why?”
“For the Balance to change, but I think not that this is his plan, I think not that he wanted Dylan to come through a Portal nor a Quest to be started.”
“But what if he was trying something else? Something went wrong,” d’Gaz began to understand.
“Or was somehow usurped. Cyclo has his hand in this somehow,” Mattaeus nodded. 
“I went to Ixil, Arturo, she saw things. Nargel is building an army to fight us.”
“That I know too,” Mattaeus nodded.
“She saw him, Arturo.”
“Him?”
“The one they call King,” d’Gaz said seriously.
The Shadow Ranger sat in silence looking at his friend.
“Tell me,” he said at last and d’Gaz told him what had happened.
Again he sat in thought.
“This we keep to ourselves, it is not enough to change anything. Nargel has been planning such things ever since he gained power.”
“But we cannot ignore it,” d’Gaz warned.
“We will not, if he opened the portal then it is even more important that we close it. We will hear from the others tomorrow and put everything together.”
“The Lady of Chance was annoyed, she said that they are playing games. I think not this is the end of what Bell started, but what you did, old friend.”
“It can be both,” the Shadow Ranger said sadly.
They rejoined the others who had now come together again. Lucas was telling Tocoda a story about Bell who was looking very embarrassed.
“Wait until I meet this Dawna,” Bell scorned and they all laughed.
Alura began telling them of the meeting with the Tykat and how scared she had been and how Mattaeus had had his mind on other things. She made it out to be much more than it was without talking about the Temple of Pavilli and Mattaeus squirmed in his seat at being talked about.
So this is what having friends is truly like, he thought. Having the light shone upon you rather than having the shadows envelope you.
“Were you really not scared?” Dylan asked. “I bet you weren’t.”
“In all fairness I had my mind on other things. We have all faced much worse than Tykats, young Guardian,” Mattaeus smiled.
They talked on, but everyone was getting tired and one by one they went to their rooms and to sleep.
%%%
Dylan woke up early the next day feeling refreshed and excited at spending the day together again. He washed and went downstairs to find Lucas and Bell already up and eating.
“Morning.”
“Morning, Dylan, did you sleep well?” Bell asked.
“I did.”
“It is good to not be sleeping on a boat,” Lucas said.
“It is a beautiful world, but I have had enough of the waters,” Bell agreed.
“Ahh, good morning to you all,” Mattaeus said as he arrived.
He and Dylan went to choose some breakfast from a table as the others slowly came and joined them. Everyone needed a good rest after so long on boats, except for d’Gaz who had woken early and gone out to watch the Sun rise over the ocean.
“It is time to collect your thoughts, talk to someone else about what you have encountered and learnt. Talk to a number, it will help you distil your stories down to the important information and then we will bring it all together,” Mattaeus told them once they had eaten.
They broke off in twos, Dylan and Connor; the Twin Magicians; Lucas and Bell and Mattaeus and Tocoda.
“I have no wish to talk to you,” she told him.
“This is not the time for old wounds,” he warned her.
“It was not the time when they were fresh.”
“I am sorry, Tocoda, you know that I am. It was not just you, I left everyone and everything.”
“That does not make it right. You cannot just leave people.”
“I had to, I had to do what I had to do.”
“Oh, so honourable, so noble, but you cannot hurt people to help others,” she scorned.
“No, perhaps you are right,” he shook his head sadly. “I believe this will end many things, think you not that it is strange you should join us now?”
“What do you mean?”
“You are bitter from things long past, things that only now come to a head and here you are.”
“That does not make it all alright,” she said crossly.
“You seem to forget, young lady, that you were never invited, that you came to us when we already had plans to execute. You did not do what you were supposed to do and are then cross when it does not work out in your favour,” Mattaeus said sternly.
She looked at him with the stunned look of a belligerent child getting scolded. Shocked, saddened and with realisation that loving parents would only put up with so much. Realisation that it is they and not you that holds the true power.
“I,” she started. “I am sorry. I was young and lost and I grew up bitter about it.”
“You should not apologise for situations beyond your control. You are right, I should not have been so pig-headed about my plans that I tossed you aside in a time of need.”
“Nobody is perfect?” she asked with a testing smile.
“Not even I,” he smiled back. “But look, we are together again at the end, we both have the chance to make amends.”
“So be it,” she nodded.
They swapped partners throughout the morning until they regrouped for lunch. They ate without much talk except on the state of the food, which was good, and then drank some Ga Feh to wash it down.
“A lot like coffee,” Connor commented.
“So,” Mattaeus began, “we have all talked through what we have learnt and by doing so we have all crystallised it in our minds. Now we share.”
They took turns to share what they had learnt and the Shadow Ranger sat quietly and put it all together in his head. When all were finished he sifted through it and ordered it in his head. This is what he told them:
“Dylan is true that the Black Queen has not consolidated her power in ways that she should have, she has ignored the Dark World, or perhaps was dissuaded from it. She knows some, no doubt, but we must assume that she is even now learning more. Her power then resides with the Four Worlds, perhaps such rule sated her lust for power, it matters not for she has the Book and it is the Book I suspect that is at the heart of all plans. Let us not forget that, the Book and the Portal to Earth are still at the centre and closing the Portal is still important.
“That said, the Princesses revealing themselves to us shows that there are others involved; the Princesses feel they have a stake in what is happening and that is not the defeat of Chinerthian rule. Both the Princess of the Air and the Lady of Chance have said that there are others playing games and with more than the Balance in mind.
“Both Ixil and KolKath speak of Nargel forming an army, using Cyclo to recruit and both the prophecy and Ixil tell us that Nargel wants to free his Master and can use the Book of Five Worlds to do it.”
“And who is his master?” Connor asked.
“Worry not on that at this time,” Mattaeus said.
“What about the Righteous?” Dylan asked. “Everyone says there are more people involved, but they talk about Nargel and not the Righteous.”
“He is right,” d’Gaz said. “If one is involved then so is the other.”
“Do not be so sure,” Mattaeus answered. “He does not necessarily involve Himself.”
“What does it all mean?” Kaitlin pleaded.
“Someone opened that Portal, let us assume Nargel. We know not why or how other than that he needed the Book of Five Worlds to do it. Somehow he tricked or persuaded the Black Queen into seeing it…” 
“Yes, the prophecies said that it would take him a long time to convince the Black Queen,” Dylan said.
“So he gets it, or access to it and opens the Portal, but something went wrong, I do not think it was his plan to open a Portal in the Guardians house. None of this was his plan and now he is on the back foot trying to use what has happened to his own ends.”
“Why then does he not stop us?” Alura asked.
“Perhaps he cannot,” d’Gaz said. “We are moving fast and were unexpected.”
“Or perhaps we are walking the path he wants,” Tocoda said.
Mattaeus nodded with a grimace.
“Cyclo taunted me that what we were doing was helping him.”
“I’m sorry, but does this mean our Quest is for nothing?” Connor asked.
“Not at all, our Quest still brings freedom to the Four Worlds and the opening of the Portal started everything else, closing it will end it,” Mattaeus said.
“How can you be sure?” Kaitlin asked.
“If plans are based on an open portal then a closing it is still for the best,” d’Gaz said.
“And we are in the middle of it,” Lucas groaned.
“Yes we are, but we are ready for it, we are strong enough for it and it does not change our Quest. We will still finish that which we started and free the Worlds,” the Shadow Ranger said firmly.
CHAPTER XXII

“All that you have said is true,” a voice said.
“Btolomy?” Bell asked with surprise.
“How did you find us?” d’Gaz asked.
“What is it that you mean?” Mattaeus also asked.
Connor got up and grabbed a chair for the Wizard.
“I looked into what I could after you left my house; everything I knew or could read about Portals. I could not fathom how a young boy could open one,” Btolomy explained.
“Dr. Fozz said it was because I had belief,” Dylan said.
“Yes, quite so, but I think not that that could actually open a Portal. Perhaps only redirect it to yourself.”
“What are you saying?” Mattaeus asked.
“I agree that Nargel opened the Portal using the Book of Five Worlds but somehow it opened for Dylan instead. I am led to believe he has someone on the Fifth World that was part of his plan.”
“How?” Connor asked.
“Like you, I have some interesting friends. Listen, he tried to destroy the Magician’s Star, I do not think he ever intended for the Stones of Aremis to be returned.”
“So we are not part of his plan,” d’Gaz said.
“I think he is trying to use you while not letting you gain too much power; he is trying to turn the situation to his advantage,” Btolomy said.
“Shadow Ranger, you said that what we did helped Cyclo; they want war,” Alura realised.
“Yes,” Connor said. “I’ve kept saying we had to keep the Portal secret, that Earth technology could not come through. What if that was the plan all along?”
“Why?” Dylan asked.
They all looked at the Shadow Ranger. He flicked his eyes to Btolomy before speaking.
“Then it is even more important that we close the Portal. We set ourselves on a Quest and that Quest has still proven to be true.”
“If he used the book then surely the Black Queen knows, are we not expected?” Lucas said.
“No,” Btolomy shook his head. “I believe that he has managed to keep it from her. She would not fully understand the Book without a true knowledge of the Outerfield and even then some speculate the Book is much more.”
“So what do we do now?” Connor asked.
“We head for the Portal,” Mattaeus replied.
“But how?” Dylan cried out. “How can we travel through Chinerthia? They are all against us.”
“No, young Guardian, do not think of them as evil,” Mattaeus replied. “They have the Mark of war, not of evil. They are ruled by evil, but think not that they are all happy about it.”
Dylan nodded to himself as he digested it, he had just assumed they were the baddies and the other Worlds were the goodies. It’s pretty black and white like that on TV and in films, but then this was real life. Maybe the Chinerthians would help them; maybe they would want to be free of the Black Queen.
“Surely the Portal will be guarded,” Bell said.
“Yes,” Mattaeus nodded. “But most of the troops will be heading to the other Portal to fight against the rebellion.”
“Others will be waiting to stop you,” Btolomy said. “You cannot be allowed to get the Book.”
“Does she still have it?” Dylan asked.
“Yes, I would think so; I doubt she would let the source of her power out of her hands and if Nargel had it he would have used it to stop us.”
%%%
They rode for the town of VeLiers and spent the night there before riding on early in the morning and reaching Port QuSada just before lunchtime. They sat in a café and ate a light meal.
“I have been thinking,” Bell said, “that we will need a diversion to get through the Portal.”
“Perhaps,” Mattaeus nodded.
“I have not yet told you everything for I did not know if it were something I would or could do.”
“What is it?” d’Gaz asked suspiciously.
Tocoda put a hand on his leg and gave it a reassuring squeeze.
“I have been made the Captain of the Company of the Damned.”
“You have?” Mattaeus asked in surprise.
“I have, though I feel that it is something I cannot do,” he shook his head.
“And I disagree,” Tocoda said.
“I agree with Tocoda,” Mattaeus nodded. “Did you meet Galvyn?”
“I did.”
“How is he?” d’Gaz asked with a smile.
“He is well for someone who is dead,” Bell replied.
“Aye, I bet he is.”
“You have been to the Land of the Dead?” Dylan asked.
“No, just to the Dark World and the Thither.”
“But we can? We can go to the Land of the Dead?” he asked with more agitation.
“It would not help,” Lucas said tenderly.
“What would you know?” Dylan shouted.
“We have all known loss, Dylan.”
“No, you don’t understand. We could go, we could find her.”
“No, Dylan,” his Dad said.
“Yes,” he shouted in reply and bolted for the door.
Lucas was up at once.
“No,” Connor said and followed his son.
He found him outside slumped against the wall and sat down next to him.
“I couldn’t untie the horse,” he wept.
“It’s OK, son.”
“No it isn’t, don’t you want to go? Don’t you want to find her?”
“Of course I do, how can you even ask such a thing?”
“But you won’t,” he said looking up at his Dad.
“No,” Connor replied quietly.
“So you don’t want her, you want Kaitlin now,” Dylan accused and Connor began to cry.
Dylan didn’t know what to feel, he wanted to be angry, but now he felt sad and guilty at making his Dad cry. He always cried when he thought of Mum and now Dylan had made him. But then why wouldn’t he want to go? Why wouldn’t he want to have her back? No more crying.
“Don’t cry, Dad, I’m sorry.”
“There isn’t a day that goes by without me thinking of her, Dylan. I would have done anything to get her back, but not anymore. She’s gone and we can’t keep thinking like that. How would it help to go and see her in that place knowing that she could not come back with us?”
“I hadn’t thought of that.”
“Going there won’t make her alive again as much as I wish it could.”
“No,” Dylan shook his head, spraying his tears. “No, it would make it worse.”
“She wouldn’t want you to be thinking like this, Dylan. She wouldn’t want you to be sad and she’d hate to think that it was her that made you feel that way.”
“She can’t know that.”
“No, and she won’t if we leave her be. She always looked to the future, Dylan, she never looked back. One new day at a time.”
“OK,” he wiped his eyes and then hugged his Dad.
A little while later they walked back in and Dylan apologised, but no one would hear it; it was fine they said, they understood.
“Listen, young Guardian, both Bell and Kaitlin have good news,” Mattaeus said.
“What is it?” Dylan asked.
“You will not believe it,” d’Gaz smiled.
“I think I can believe anything now,” Dylan replied seriously.
“By thunder, I am beginning to think the same,” Lucas said.
“You are together as one,” Tocoda said. “All eight of you, joined together with like minds.”
“Nine of us,” Bell said.
“That is yet to be seen,” she said looking at the Shadow Ranger.
“It will wait a little more,” he replied.
“Is it about the Damned people?” Dylan asked.
“Yes,” Mattaeus said. “You should explain, Bell.”
And so Bell explained who the Company of the Damned were and how he had been made the Captain.
“But why?” Lucas asked.
“That I know not. I had an archery competition with Galvyn and at the end he decided I should be Captain.”
“It doesn’t make much sense,” Dylan said.
“No, I agree,” Bell said.
“Galvyn saw more than just archery, Bell,” Mattaeus said.
“What did he see?” Dylan asked.
“He could tell that Bell was a good leader and that he believed in what he was doing,” Mattaeus said. “The strength to walk the Dark World as an outsider.”
“He always had a good eye for people,” d’Gaz smiled in remembrance.
“And what Bell does not want to admit is that he has proven that by leading them out,” Mattaeus finished.
“So what does this mean for us?” Connor asked.
“It means you have an army to command,” Btolomy said.
“But there is more, as well you know,” Alura said with a sly smile.
“I told them,” Kaitlin said and Connor nodded.
“Told them what?” Dylan asked his Dad.
“We met dragons,” Connor said.
“Dragons?” Dylan asked with excitement.
“Not just that, but Kaitlin was made a Dragonrider,” his Dad grinned.
“Not just I, your Dad too,” she smiled.
“And I got this,” Connor said pulling out his sword.
“You have Cathar’s Air Blade,” Mattaeus said with astonishment.
“Put it away,” d’Gaz warned and Connor did so. “Not something people need to see.”
“Sorry.”
“What you have is not for prying eyes,” d’Gaz said.
“He is right, Connor of the Shed, we want not others to recognise it,” Mattaeus added.
“Who was Cathar?” Dylan asked.
“A Dragonrider from long ago,” Tocoda said. “They say his blade was forged by the Princess of the Air from the very air itself and that he could command the weather with it.”
“You’re a Dragonrider?” Dylan asked with wonder.
“I’m not sure about that and I don’t think I will be commanding the weather,” Connor said with a smile.
“But you could,” Dylan urged.
“We’ll see.”
“What all this means is that you have more than enough fighting force to get you through the Portal,” Btolomy said.
“We cannot fight our way through the whole of Chinerthia,” Alura said.
“No,” Mattaeus agreed. “We will need to sneak by while the Chinerthians fight our army.”
“What’s the army called?” Dylan asked.
“What do you mean?” Lucas asked.
“Well, we’re the Foreshadow of Balance, doesn’t our army get a name too?”
“I think that unnecessary,” d’Gaz said.
“Perhaps not,” Btolomy mused. “Let us go to Three Trees and group there.”
“What are you thinking?” the Shadow Ranger asked.
“Many things,” Btolomy answered.
%%%
They sailed from Port QuSada late in the afternoon, headed for the island of New Fontal.
“Only one person could let the Company go,” d’Gaz said as he and Mattaeus leant on the rail of the ship.
“Yes,” Mattaeus answered staring at the waters.
“So He has a part in all this.”
“Of course He does, Nargel has a place as we all do.”
“You still believe that?” d’Gaz asked looking at his friend.
“It is not a question of belief, you know that,” Mattaeus replied still looking at the waves.
“Nargel only holds the place he does because someone else gave it up,” d’Gaz said looking back to sea.
Mattaeus smiled.
“You think to rile me?”
“I think to challenge you.”
“It was not my place, I was a fool to believe it was.”
“Like Bell and the Yokum Rebellion?”
Mattaeus frowned.
“You talk of destiny having met the Lady of Chance? She would not be happy with you.”
“But we are on a Quest to finish what he started.”
“We are.”
“So my point stands.”
“Have you ever wondered why she exists? If you could control this Quest, would you let chance be a factor?”
“No.”
“So?”
“So He is more interested in what we do than His own plans? But no, He would not let Nargel succeed,” d’Gaz shook his head, frowning.
“Back when people believed, they thought Nargel was an equal, His enemy, but that was not, is not, true. You are right, He would not let Nargel succeed.”
“So we cannot fail,” d’Gaz said.
“And yet the Lady of Chance still holds power,” Mattaeus said and pushed away from the railing.
“What does that mean?” d’Gaz asked as Mattaeus walked away.
“That anything could happen,” Mattaeus called back.
d’Gaz sighed at the ocean.
“Being a pirate was so much more simple.”
%%%
“He is troubled,” Kaitlin said sitting down next to Tocoda.
She continued to look at Bell who looked over the rail at the ocean.
“What business is it of yours?”
“We are joined by our Quest,” Kaitlin said softly.
Tocoda slumped a little.
“Forgive me.”
“You are forgiven.”
“It is the position he has been given,” Tocoda said.
“Has he told you of the Yokum Rebellion?”
“He has.”
“It weighs on him.”
“It does and it should not,” Tocoda said. “Time is a foolish thing, he does not see that the years do not matter, what matters is that he is now finishing what he started.”
Kaitlin smiled.
“Not everyone can understand the truth of time.”
“And you can?”
“I have had some experience, but what of you? Where have you come from?”
“You would not believe me if I told,” Tocoda said.
“We are related.”
Tocoda looked at her sharply.
“What is your meaning?”
“You understand, if you look,” Kaitlin smiled.
Tocoda reached out a hand and placed her palm on Kaitlin’s cheek. They both recoiled as from an electric shock.
“You are…” Tocoda started.
“But you are, you are…” Kaitlin stumbled.
“Say it not,” Tocoda commanded. “You were not supposed to see me, how did you?”
“I did not try.”
“No, strong are you not? Stronger than even you understand.”
“Does he know?”
“No. Speak not of it or I will end your life,” Tocoda warned.
“Peace, I will not. I am sorry, I did not mean to pry.”
“Forgive me, I have been alone for so long, I know not how to talk to others. I know you mean me no ill.”
“There you are, sister,” Alura said walking up. She looked at Tocoda. “Cousin.”
“So you know,” Tocoda said with a hint of surprise.
“I can feel it, I always could, but I only knew what it was on meeting you,” Alura said.
“Sit, sister,” Kaitlin said and Alura paused before sitting down.
“Your powers are strong and mine are wild within me,” Tocoda said.
“We can help you with that,” Alura smiled.
%%%
They arrived on New Fontal and, due to bad weather, were forced to stay the night in an inn before their next ship could sail. Dylan was exhausted by the journey and fell quickly asleep. He was ravaged by dreams.
In one he was surrounded by Tykats. They growled and paced around him in a circle, but they did not get any closer. Beyond the Tykats he could see the Foreshadow, each one of them urging him to come to them, but he couldn’t see how to get past the great beasts in his way. Eventually he charged forward and the Tykat in front of him roared and raised a paw and the dream ended.
In the next dream he was back at home and as he wandered around everything was normal except quiet. He called for his Dad, but there was no answer. He walked to his Dad’s study, but there was no one there. He walked to the back of the house and out into the garden. There was the shed and there was the portal and out of it were coming Chinerthians, they were filling up the back garden as something else slimy, tentacled and terrible was coming out of the shed. He screamed, he couldn’t help it and they all turned to him. He saw one Chinerthian soldier smile a wicked smile before the dream ended.
The blackness faded slowly and he found himself in a place that he knew to be the Land of the Dead. All around him were people shambling around like zombies though they didn’t look like zombies, just normal people whose skin looked a little grey. He didn’t want to be here, he knew that now, he didn’t want to see his Mum like this. They were so lost and directionless as if they had nothing to live for. Nothing to be dead for, Dylan thought. No, he couldn’t believe his Mum was here, she always had something to live for, he could remember her warm and sunny smile, she would not go to a place like this. The dream faded.
Then he was standing on top of a hill and below him was a city with a river running through it. The sky was blue and clear and the day was warm. He wanted to go down to the city, but it seemed like a very long walk and he didn’t think he could. Still he found that he had started to walk anyway, that was the kind of place his Mum would be, but was this the Land of the Dead? Was this a place the dead went? Who lived in such a splendid city? He knew it was a happy place even if he knew not why. He wanted his Mum to be there, but the dream faded before he even got close.
CHAPTER XXIII

The island was large and other than a few scrubby plants, barren. That is except for the three tall trees that grew in the centre.
“Three Trees,” Tocoda said.
“From all our adventures I am going to assume that there is a story behind them,” Connor said.
“Very astute, Guardian,” d’Gaz smiled wryly.
“The War of Coderhone,” Mattaeus said.
“Tompo told me of it,” Bell said. “He had a complete history of it.”
“Did you read it?” Btolomy asked.
“I had not the time.”
“Shame, it is a fascinating read,” Btolomy frowned.
“Coderhone was a Chinerthian who waged war here,” Mattaeus explained. “Near the beginning of the war he struck a decisive blow against the Lindsmen, those who fought against him. He captured three of their leaders, men and women who were raising the people to fight against him.”
“He took them here and executed them,” d’Gaz continued. “It was supposed to be a public reminder of what could happen, but where he left their bodies these trees grew. It was as if the Land of the Dead could not hold their message of hope. The Three Trees became the symbol of the Lindsmen.”
“And now we too are fighting a Chinerthian for the freedom of this World and all the others. Including Chinerthia,” Btolomy said. “It is time to call those that fight for you.”
He looked at Bell and then at Kaitlin and Connor.
“How?” Bell asked.
“Command them and they will come,” Mattaeus said.
“Just shout out?” Bell asked.
“Can do,” d’Gaz said. “Or do it in your mind. Less embarrassing that way.” 
Bell and Kaitlin stood there with closed eyes; Connor drew his Air Blade and did the same, though he didn’t think it was his call that would summon them. They stood there for a few minutes before Kaitlin opened her eyes.
“They come,” she simply said.
Bell opened his eyes.
“Nothing has happened.”
“You are wrong,” Btolomy replied.
“Yes, yes, I feel it,” Alura said with excitement. “A great stirring of the Old Magic.”
“It will take them all a little time, let us rest in the shade,” Mattaeus said.
They went and sat in the shade of the three trees and ate a little of their food.
“I have a question,” Dylan said.
“If you have but one, then you understand more than I,” Lucas said and the others laughed.
“What is it, young Guardian?” Btolomy asked.
“Who is… no I have two questions. You said I didn’t open the Portal?”
“Perhaps not.”
“And that it was for someone else. Who? And why? Sorry, that wasn’t my second question.”
“Who we cannot know,” Btolomy said, “but you and your Father may have answered the ‘why’ yourselves.”
“Earthen technology,” Connor said.
“Yes,” Btolomy nodded. “Now we have to ask the question as to why Nargel would want Earthen technology in the Four Worlds.”
“We did not want it here because it would cause war, it would only bring a new rule, a new dictator,” Connor said.
“Is that what he wants? Someone other than the Black Queen?” Bell asked.
“Why would it matter?” Tocoda asked.
“A very true question,” Mattaeus said.
“So we rule that out,” d’Gaz said.
“Then what?” Lucas asked.
“The Balance,” Dylan said with fear. “Opening a portal could reset the Balance, but that is what we are doing.”
They sat and thought on this, could it really be that they were playing into Nargel’s hands?
“No,” Alura said. “You said he was catching up, that he did not see the Star being reformed.”
“It is worse than that,” Mattaeus said slowly. “I know your second question, Dylan. Ask it.”
“I wanted to know who Nargel’s master was.”
“Because he wants to raise him,” the Shadow Ranger said.
“No,” Tocoda said with understanding.
“War,” Btolomy said.
“What is it?” Dylan asked fearfully.
“Nargel wanted war, war of all the Worlds,” d’Gaz said.
“But that is what we are doing,” Connor exclaimed.
“Calm yourself, Guardian,” Mattaeus said, “it is not that simple.”
“But it still makes sense, that he would use this war that we are starting. Second best, as it were,” Alura said.
“We cannot stop it now,” Kaitlin said.
“No, it has gone beyond us,” Mattaeus said.
“Then what do we do?” Dylan asked full of fear.
“What we set out to do, take the Book of Five Worlds.”
“It must feature in his plans,” Btolomy nodded.
“By thunder, speak in some form of plain speech,” Lucas said.
“Agreed,” Bell agreed.
“Bringing Fifth World technology into the Worlds would mean bloodshed, great bloodshed,” Mattaeus said.
“We are not that bloodthirsty,” Connor argued.
“I am not saying it would be straight away, but it would lead to it as people saw a way to take control. And if Btolomy is right then Nargel would have someone on Earth to lead it that way. So much blood, so much sorrow and hate and fear would be a great sacrifice to his Master.”
Mattaeus finished talking and they all looked at him to continue, but he looked to the floor.
“But even that is not enough to free him. Surely?” d’Gaz said.
“No,” Btolomy answered. “The Book of Five Worlds certainly plays into this.”
“You have not answered my son’s second question,” Connor said.
“Nargel’s master?” Mattaeus asked. “Even I only know stories of him.”
“They call him a king for that is what he called himself, but he was no king, he was an usurper trying to take the throne,” Btolomy told them.
“Why is he Nargel’s master?” Dylan asked.
“He created them, the Three Woes. All of the basic human flaws incarnate in three beings. Made to turn people to the King’s cause.”
“And they have blighted the Four Worlds ever since,” Mattaeus said angrily.
“All worlds,” Btolomy said quietly.
“There must be Balance, there must be choice,” a voice said.
They all looked around and saw a woman standing there. Dylan had never seen anyone like her, she was tall with perfect curves and hair that was either blonde or silver, or both, he could not tell. Her face was flawless with piercing blue/green eyes and bold, red lips. She was dressed in a flowing dress of white with a shawl of deep gold and a golden tiara.
“Who… Who are you?” Dylan stammered.
“It is Tarcalla, the Lady of Chance,” d’Gaz said.
“And, d’Gaz, it irks me that we should keep meeting,” she said.
“May it be chance?” he asked with a smile.
“Do not play with me,” she replied angrily.
“Do not hide behind excuses,” the Shadow Ranger rebuked.
They were all standing now and he took a step forward.
“Do not think your position is high enough to talk to me like this,” she said haughtily.
“Do not think your position is anything other than that which has been given you,” the Shadow Ranger replied with equal anger.
“Be calm,” Btolomy commanded to them both. “What is it that you want with us, my Lady?”
“Only to offer advice. You cannot stop what is happening, what you have started. People have the right to overthrow those in power, the right to disagree with how rulers rule,” she said.
“But we are playing into his hands,” Bell said.
Tarcalla nodded slightly.
“But it is my work, not to create chance, but to make sure that it is not controlled. In Worlds with strong Magicians,” she looked at the Twins, “and those without Magic it would be easy for some to control others. I make sure that there is always chance that some plans fail and others succeed.”
“But the Black Queen controls everyone,” Dylan lamented.
“It is the Book, it threw out the Balance; opening just one portal threw it the other way so that it is in flux, chaos. You must get to the Book before the war starts. To release his Master, the Incomprehensible Evil, would be to deny everyone choice. Not just here, there would be war in the Outerfield and the Thither. I come here to urge you to complete your Quest.”
“No,” Mattaeus shook his head. “You do not come just to rally our spirits.”
“I…” she started.
“No,” the Shadow Ranger thundered.
“There is a limit to my interference,” Tarcalla with equal sadness and anger, “but even I can see tha the stakes are too high to be left to chance. There is another that has seen the Book, another that is bending Nargel’s plans to another outcome.”
“Cyclo,” Mattaeus spat.
“His meddling is the chance that helps to unravel Nargel’s plans, but the outcome of it may be worse, I have, perhaps, meddled too much myself,” she frowned deeply.
“And he wants the Book?” Connor asked.
“You must finish your Quest, the Book is the only hope of returning the Balance and foiling these evil plans.” 
“But it wasn’t me,” Dylan decried. “I didn’t open the Portal. Everyone joined this Quest to follow me, but I’m not special like everyone says.”
“Do not believe that, perhaps it was chance that brought the Portal to you,” she said.
“And you control chance,” Alura said.
The Lady of Chance smiled sadly and disappeared.
Everyone had a lot of questions, a lot of thinking to do, but there was not time as a terrible noise grew from out over the ocean and they looked to see approaching dragons.
“By thunder, I hope they are friendly,” Lucas said.
At the same time there was a rumble and mist began to bellow out from between the three trees. It built to a great height but did not spill out over the island. From it’s midst forms appeared and began to walk out.
“Colvin,” Bell said. “It worked.”
“Here I am, Captain, with your troops.”
Dylan couldn’t believe the sight as men and women dressed in black with white armour and carrying weapons emerged from the mist and began fanning out around the island. He tried to count them, but quickly lost count. And then the sight became even more extraordinary as the dragons, accompanied by the fearsome noise of their beating wings began to land on the sand at the water’s edge. There were so many of them that some did not have space to land and circled above.
“We come at your call, Mistress Dragonrider,” Ernen said.
“We must go to the Portal with Chinerthia, we expect the Chinerthians will have an army to stop us,” Connor said.
“Yes, even now the Sylvaen army is in Hokino, they will protect their World,” Ernen said.
“And you will fight with us?” Kaitlin asked.
“Of course, that is why we are here.”
“You have called many dragons to our side,” she said.
“And there are many more that will fight against you.”
“Who knew there were so many dragons left in the worlds?” Lucas marvelled.
“You have met three already,” Ernen said and Nagendra, Falius and Delinda moved forward.
“It is good to see you again, friends,” Mattaeus said.
“And you, Shadow Ranger,” Nagendra said.
“It is also good to see you again, Ernen, I thought you lost.”
“It was close, I am glad I lived to see you again this day,” Ernen said.
“Friends with dragons!” Lucas whispered to Bell.
“I think we all are these days, old friend,” Bell whispered back.
“By thunder, you are right. Such Worlds we live in.”
“The time for wonders might not yet be behind us, Lucas, but the time for your axe is most certainly at hand,” d’Gaz said.
“Here we are then,” Mattaeus said loudly, “and there are others like us coming in our wake. We are the spearhead, we are the frontline; we are the ones to bring Balance back to the Four Worlds. We are from all over, we are from many different places and situations, from many different backgrounds and experiences, but we are here together for one purpose.”
“If it is you that the Captain follows, we will follow too,” Colvin said.
“If the Mistress follows you then we will follow too,” Ernen said.
“No, it is not I,” Mattaeus said and motioned for Dylan to come to him.
Not this again, this stupid idea that they were following him. He was the only one who hadn’t done anything amazing, wasn’t someone amazing. Bell had become a Captain of soldiers and Kaitlin had become a Dragonrider, so had his Dad! He carried a sword that used to belong to a great Dragonrider. And the others had all gone to the Dark World since they arrived on Sophoi, well Lucas hadn’t, he had been with him, but Lucas had done so much in his life.
“I know what you are thinking,” Lucas said squatting down in front of him.
“Do you?”
“We have spent much time together, young Guardian, do we not know each other? Are we not friends, by thunder?”
“Yes. Yes, we are.”
“You think you are not special, that everyone around you is, but you are not.”
“But it’s true,” Dylan wailed.
Lucas shook his head.
“I have never done anything of any note in my whole life, Dylan. I just awoke, worked, ate and slept. That was my life; that is the life of most people in the Worlds. That was my life until I blundered after a pig and through that Portal. I could have walked away, I could have ignored it and gone back to my life, but I did not. Do you remember back to that first time? When your Father had the sporting bat?”
“I do,” Dylan smiled through his tears.
“He warned you not to talk, but you did anyway. You were a friend to me when I was lost and confused. You started this then, you started this by being a friend to me and that is a special gift, Dylan.”
“And then I came,” Bell said. “And I too decided to join because I trusted Lucas and he trusted you. And then I came to trust you too.”
“And then I too pledged myself to you for only you knew who I was. From the very first look you knew who I was,” Mattaeus said. “You believed in me.”
“When the others were scared, you gave me the benefit of the doubt and trusted,” Kaitlin smiled.
d’Gaz tilted his head and looked at Dylan.
“You lot helped me move medicine without question; you thought through my issue with the mutiny. None of these others did that.”
“You see, Dylan?” Lucas asked. “You let me do something special, something great with my life because you inspired me, is that the right word? You made me more than I was. You are special to me.”
“Come here, Fifth Worlder,” Ernen said.
Dylan looked at his Dad who smiled through his own tears and nodded.
Dylan walked to the dragon and it lowered it’s head level with his. He was nearly knocked over by it’s breath.
“It is quite the journey you have come on.”
“It is,” Dylan replied.
“Why do you do it?”
“I don’t know. Because I have to. At first just to close the Portal and then because everyone wanted this to happen, they want the Balance restored. We couldn’t say no, could we?”
The dragon smiled a dragon’s smile.
“Yes you could, very much so, but you did not.”
“If this is who our Captain follows, we pledge to follow too,” Colvin said.
“And we too,” Ernen said.
CHAPTER XXIV

“It worries me that you have not met with the Fury of Medraza yet,” Mattaeus said.
“I too,” d’Gaz replied. “Makes me think he has sought out Nargel.”
“I think it is part of his plan, or at least part of his new plan.”
“Even Nargel cannot control the Fury,” d’Gaz said.
“No, they were equals, even if Nargel likes to think otherwise, and when it joined with Medraza it became even more unpredictable.”
Mattaeus sighed.
“We hid away for all that time and it was for nothing, we have only delayed the inevitable. We should have faced it back then.”
“They were hard times,” d’Gaz said.
“These too are hard times.”
d’Gaz laughed.
“You are right, you cannot put off hard times.”
“Come let us meet with the others.”
They gathered in the inn in the small coastal town of Kalth on the Continent of Uto. The Portal was not far away, but between them and it were five large towns. Originally they were a line of defence and then had become trading stations and now, from what the Foreshadow heard, they were occupied by Chinerthians to protect the Portal.
“At the centre lies Hope Lives, the biggest town, no doubt a city these days,” d’Gaz told them.
“We have two plans here,” Mattaeus said. “One is to get through the Portal by creating a diversion, but the other is to create a hole that the Sylvaen and Hokinoan army can get through.”
“I will lead the Army of the Balance after you have gone through the Portal, we will continue the fight until Thunderground and the True King’s army arrives,” Btolomy said.
“They will have reinforced by the time they arrive,” Tocoda told them.
“Aye,” d’Gaz nodded, “but they will not have the chance to push forward. If they hold the Five Towns then they will force a naval battle that our armies cannot win.”
“So we take the towns,” Alura said.
“Even with our army, is that possible?” Connor asked.
“A three pronged attack would be best,” Tocoda said. “The middle and two outer towns.”
“Should we split our forces?” Bell asked.
“If we attack one we cannot guarantee holding it,” she replied.
“Tocoda is right,” Mattaeus said. “This way reinforcements for the other two towns will have to choose which way to go or split.”
“It will not be easy, but it is the best that we have,” Btolomy agreed.
“There will be no surprise when dragons are seen,” Lucas warned.
“No, we will have to get into our positions before we call upon our army. Such as it is,” Tocoda said.
“Let us form our plans and be to it,” d’Gaz said.
CHAPTER XXV

d’Gaz, Lucas and Dylan sat at a stall selling Ga Feh and each drank a hot cup at the makeshift table as d’Gaz filled them in on the town. Here they were in shanty-like suburbs that had grown up around the town. Here the buildings were more like shacks that had been built out of whatever could be found. The town itself, Marlowe’s Cradle, was built in stone.
“Lots of Chinerthian Guards in good defensive positions,” he said. “Not so much out here, but inside the walls.”
“What about the people?” Lucas asked.
“Not many around, either they are keeping indoors or they have been moved out. Lots of patrols.”
They had seen on their ride that there were outposts set up in-between the towns that looked well-fortified. The distance between the towns was not great enough that an army could punch through without reinforcements arriving from the towns either side. d’Gaz also told them that there were stables ready by the exit closest to the outpost with the shanty housing having been cleared.
“We’ll need to clear the walls for the dragons,” Dylan said.
“Aye, but we also need to get to the centre of town before the troops arrive.”
Lucas groaned to himself.
“Dylan will have to go into the town while we go up onto the walls.”
“Really?” Dylan asked with surprise and a little fear.
“The Chinerthians will be focussed on the walls and you are small enough to sneak through.”
d’Gaz nodded to himself.
“There is a small barracks near the other side of town. Wait here.”
He got up and left.
“Are you sure?” Dylan asked.
“No,” Lucas said crossly, but Dylan didn’t think he was cross with him. “I’m not supposed to leave you. What if something were to happen to you?”
“But you’re going to do it anyway?”
“I have to,” he paused in hesitation, “and I think not that any harm will become of you.”
“Why not?”
“All the things we’ve seen? The Princesses and Nargel and everything, there are greater forces at work here and we have made it this far.”
“You don’t seem sure.”
“These are not things I have ever believed in and am not sure I believe in them now. Can I leave your protection to superstition and children’s bedtime stories?”
“I am not the boy that you met in the garden,” Dylan said softly.
“No, no you are not,” Lucas said firmly. “You have grown so much, in body and in mind and in spirit. You have a fighting spirit.”
“I’m not sure I want to be a fighter,” Dylan frowned.
Lucas chuckled.
“I meant it not as that, rather that you do not give up, will not turn back.”
“We can’t turn back now anyway,” Dylan continued to frown.
“Would you want to?”
“I don’t know, part of me does, part of me wants to go home, but another part of me never wants to go home. I have a life here now, maybe a better life.”
“But not a real life,” Lucas said softly.
“Yes, I guess. How did you know?”
“I think I felt it all the time I lived in my little house in Capel. It was good, it was normal, but it was not really my life, not the life that I should lead. I was a Guardsman of the Mountain City, I was a soldier and a protector, things I was born to do.”
“So why did you stay there? Why not do something?”
“I know not. Perhaps I was afraid, perhaps I believed that I should not live that life as I had failed in it. I am not a thinker though, young Guardian.”
“I think you are smarter than you think you are,” Dylan smiled at him.
“Here,” d’Gaz said.
They had not heard him arrive and jumped as he sat down.
“What is it?”
“Horse dung,” d’Gaz said.
“Horse dung?” Lucas asked with surprise.
“Mixed with a little more, it will catch fire, maybe explode.”
“Then take it from the table,” Lucas said alarmed.
“Not of its own will, Lucas,” d’Gaz soothed.
“You mean if you light it,” Dylan said.
“Just a spark, here,” he took out two stones. “Stick it near something wooden, or on a wall and chip the stones together to create a spark and then run.”
“How will we find him again?” Lucas asked.
“There is a tower, some fancy building, you will see it, meet there, but hide yourself until you see us arrive.”
“OK,” Dylan nodded. “I’ll see you there.”
“Be safe,” Lucas said.
“I will, don’t worry.”
“That you cannot ask of me.”
Once again Dylan smiled at his friend.
“He will be fine, Lucas, you have seen him in action. Worry more for us,” d’Gaz said.
“I worry more for your jovial outlook on life.”
“You can laugh or cry, Man Mountain, you make that choice.”
“Maybe I am not the only wise one here,” Lucas smiled at Dylan. “Let us start this battle,” he followed seriously.
“Yes, it is time,” d’Gaz said and stood. “May the Righteous be with us all.”
%%%
They approached the gate stealthily and Dylan fell behind and to the side as Lucas and d’Gaz walked up to the two guards and felled them in one quick movement. Then they were disappearing either side of the gate, up stairs Dylan knew and he rushed forwards into the town and began working his way through the streets as d’Gaz had told him.
%%%
He heard a warning bell ring briefly before being cut off, but it was enough and he ducked into a doorway as Chinerthian soldiers came rushing past. He watched from there a soldier falling to his death and could hear the clash of metal and the screams from the walls. Could Lucas and d’Gaz really survive up there? Yes they had to, he thought as he ran onwards. 
People were coming out of doors and Chinerthian soldiers were screaming at them to go back inside as the clang of swords and one giant axe rang from the walls. He ran on, going left here and then right there, keeping the tower d’Gaz had spoken of in his sight. He knew that the barracks were to the left of it as he wound his way through the streets, either hiding or ducking down side streets to avoid the Chinerthians as they ran to the walls. By now d’Gaz and Lucas should be back down and coming through the streets.
If they had succeeded.
He shook the thought from his mind, he couldn’t think of that now, nor ever.
He turned right and then left and then left again and then a final right before he pulled up short for there were the barracks. He didn’t know how much time he had left, but he thought it would not be long before the attack started and so he ran forward, stopped, checked that the coast was clear and then ran forward again. He stopped at the side of the barracks; it was really just a long wooden building, a place for them to sleep, perhaps there was more the other side, but that mattered not. He stuck the wet cow poo onto the side of the wooden wall and took out the stones. He had never done this before, but d’Gaz had made it sound easy.
He chinked the stones together and a spark flew, but it was not close enough to the explosive. He moved it closer and hit the stones together again, but there was no spark.
He tried again.
Nothing.
Again.
Nothing.
He blew out air in frustration and tried again.
Nothing.
What had he done the first time to make it work? He didn’t know.
He held one stone next to the cow dung and hit it slow and hard with the other stone and a spark jumped out, but fizzled away. He did it again and this time the spark jumped into the cow dung and it began to sizzle and a tongue of flame appeared. He thought nothing of safety, only of an explosion and ran for his life. He got halfway to the tower before the barracks blew up, sending a fireball high into the sky. He heard shouts and screams as he ran for the tower, blind to any Chinerthian Guards that may have passed him. If they had, they did not pay him the attention they should have and he reached the base of the tower and found a bush growing in a recess to climb behind.
%%%
Lucas and d’Gaz had taken out the guards at the gate and then separated to take the stairs on either side. Lucas reached the top and took down another guard, securing the portcullis’ closing mechanism and then ran along the wall. He had his great axe out, now the colour of gold, and it felt lighter, moved easier and he found he could swing it much easier in the tight space on top of the wall. He knew not what Dylan had done to it when he touched his gold sword to it, but it must be Magic. How had it passed over? He knew not that either and for now it mattered not. He swung at another guard and could see a further guard notching an arrow. He hit the guard and sent him over the wall as he ran to the archer. He fired and Lucas raised his great blade and deflected the arrow before he was barrelling into the archer, sending him off over the outside of the wall.
He reached the steps leading down and ran past them to take down another two soldiers that had run to meet him. He clashed against their two swords, weaving and turning in the thin walkway between the parapets. He took out one and then the other as he reached the steps again and ran down them.
And came face to face with a fully armoured Chinerthian who was taller and wider than even he was.
“By thunder,” Lucas cursed as he came to a stop.
The Chinerthian pulled out a huge broadsword that would take two normal men to carry and planted his feet. Lucas moved his own feet into a better stance and hefted his axe up in front of him. 
He took a step left and the Chinerthian took a step right.
He took a step right and the Chinerthian took a step left.
Another step left and then another until they were circling each other, both twitching their blades waiting to see who would make the first move. It was the Chinerthian who struck first and Lucas raised his axe so that the sword clashed on the top of the double blades. Lucas then pushed his axe forward to send the Chinerthian reeling backwards as he stepped in and swung the axe down low and up where the Chinerthian managed to meet and deflect it. 
They circled again and Lucas swung his axe up from right to left, changing direction at the last moment and smashing the blade into the Chinerthian’s armoured side. The armour saved the man, but Lucas’ magical blade managed to cleave straight through the metal.
The Chinerthian was surprised and lightly wounded and struck forward with his sword as Lucas stepped aside and clashed with his axe, striking the sword downwards and then twisting it and hitting the Chinerthian in the chest with the blade. Again the Chinerthian was saved from a serious wound by the armour, but again the metal was sliced through.
The Chinerthian staggered back and Lucas turned his axe upside down and hit at the stomach and as the blade met the armour he pushed the handle forward so that it smashed into the Chinerthian’s face plate which buckled inwards. The Chinerthian staggered back and then to the right as he swung his sword, but he was disorientated and Lucas easily dodged the blow. He then brought up the handle of the axe and smashed the tip into the Chinerthian’s side before flipping his axe back up the right way and smashing it into his leg armour.
The Chinerthian buckled at the leg and dropped his sword as he fell. Lucas stood over the man as he lay on his back and slowly removed his damaged helmet.
“You have bested me, Barbarian, make it swift,” the Chinerthian rasped.
“There is enough killing done this day,” Lucas replied.
“It is the Chinerthian Way. A good life lived, a good death died.”
“That is not my way.”
“It is not your death,” the Chinerthian smiled, blood staining his teeth. “I have lived a life as the biggest and strongest, I never thought I would be able to die a good death. Until I met you. Many Chinerthians will meet a good death, a death fighting for what they believe, at the blades of your axe. Let me be the first.”
“The Black Queen? That is what you believe in?” Lucas asked with disbelief.
“No,” the Chinerthian croaked. “Not that. Please, my time is short.”
Lucas took a deep breath and gave the dying man his last wish.
%%%
d’Gaz’s cutlass carved through the Chinerthians on the wall as he made his way forward. It was typical of his luck, he thought that this seemed to be the entry up from the barracks and he was facing a lot more guards than Lucas. They were still coming up another staircase and he was getting bogged down. As he hacked and slashed he could see Lucas reaching the steps down into the courtyard and he ducked a blade swipe and slashed at the Chinerthian’s legs before parrying upwards to meet the next blade, shoving up with all his compact strength to push the guard over the parapet and down into the courtyard.
Then he was using the energy to push himself forward and barrel aside as many Chinerthians as possible, like a bowling ball hitting the pins before striking up and then forward and taking down two more Chinerthians. Flicking his eyes up he saw that Lucas was no longer on the wall and he battled a Chinerthian for a good five minutes before he was able to best him and take a quick look down. There he saw Lucas fighting a huge Chinerthian in armour but did not have time to help as three more Chinerthians fell upon him and their swords clashed.
Here.
There.
All around swords came at him and he fended them off, thankful that these soldiers were fighting him and not Lucas or worse, Dylan. He finally reached the stairs and shoved his way down them as they kept trying to kill him and then Lucas was pushing past him and swinging his axe so they retreated back up the steps. He did not actually hit one of them, d’Gaz noted, but used fear of the blade to send them back and just as the two of them reached the bottom of the stairs they heard the almighty crack of an explosion and ran for the tower.
It was as they ran that the dragons circled overhead and they knew that the Company of the Damned, or at least some of it, had entered through the gates. The fight had truly begun.
CHAPTER XXVI

The town of Thane’s Regret was the furthest from the town of Marlowe’s Cradle. They had snuck through the outskirts of town until they had found an alleyway, used for deliveries, that ran behind a street of shops. They had seen a lot of Chinerthian activity as well as a number of townspeople scurrying back and forth. It seemed that they were trying to get provisions, meet up with family and then get locked away. The Chinerthians did not seem too bothered by them.
“Any ideas?” Bell asked her.
“A few,” Tocoda replied.
“You know this place?”
“I’ve been here before, yes.”
“So what do you know about it? Dylan would ask what the Thane regretted,” he gave a small smile.
“Ever meeting with Coderhone. He betrayed the Thane, of course. Up until then this was the second biggest town of the five as it leads from the Portal to the city of Melatignet.”
“Was? He destroyed it?” Bell asked.
“Most of it, but not the castle. He lined up citizens and executed them one by one until the Thane came out to save their lives. Then he executed the Thane and carried on with the citizens.”
“I am glad I read not the books on him and his war.”
“Your friend the Shadow Ranger would be able to tell you that Coderhone met a suitable death. There still rages a battle for his soul in the Dark World. Nargel would have him freed from his torment, but that is another long story.”
“Then back to here and now. The castle still stands?”
“It does. You would have seen it as we wound through the streets if we were not so preoccupied.”
“So we must destroy that before the Company arrives.”
“No. We must drive them back to it,” Tocoda said.
“But we will never gain the town that way.”
“The castle will be no match for your dragons,” she smiled.
“And if everyone is in it…”
“Exactly. We can have a swift victory,” she nodded.
“So how do we do that?”
“We have the advantage that I can communicate with Kaitlin and you can communicate with the Company.”
“I am not a leader, Tocoda,” he said with anguish.
“If you were not then the Company would not have gotten through the Dark World.”
“What are you thinking,” he asked, unwillingly to talk on their journey through the Dark World.
“Bring in a small number now, before the dragons. Just enough to push in from each side.”
“They are expecting an attack,” Bell countered.
“No they are not. They are expecting a small group to pass through, or maybe they know that the Sylvaens are coming. What they do not expect is a sudden attack from all sides.”
Bell thought about this. She was right, they assumed that the Chinerthians were expecting them, but the Chinerthians did not know about their army nor their dragons. If anything was to go by, they were on the lookout for a small group trying to get through and were fortifying just in case the True King’s army broke through into Sophoi and headed for Chinerthia. What she said was true, they were not expecting them, but it also told him something else.
“You should lead the Company,” he said.
“No.”
“Yes.”
“No. You do not understand, you were chosen.”
“No, I was chosen because you pushed me to face Galvyn. If it had been you, then you would have been made Captain.”
“No, my Doctor,” she shook her head, “you understand the Company not. You see they were right.”
“About what?”
“About fighting. Wisdom and peace and spirituality are all well and good, but there is evil in the Worlds and that needs to be fought. In a time when everyone turned away from fighting they stuck to their belief. That there was a place for fighters.”
“I am dull-headed,” he admitted with a frown.
“They stood against the norm, against the excepted wisdom for what they knew was right. They were exiled and vilified for trying to do what was right for their fellow men and women.”
“That still does not mean that you could not lead them.”
“I am not selfless,” she said.
“And I am?”
“I was your enemy and still you helped me on that boat. Healed me knowing that I might still fight against you, still might kill you or your friends. Galvyn’s test wasn’t of the bow, even if I bested him as you did he would not have chosen me. It was a way for him to look into your heart.”
“I understand all this not, by thunder,” he shook his head in frustration.
“And it is best that you do not,” she said tenderly. “For now you need to contact your Company. My Captain.”
%%%
Bell and Tocoda had snuck back out of the city and had met with Lieutenant Colvin and explained what needed to happen. Colvin listened and nodded and then walked off, slowly evaporating back into the Outerfield.
“It is still unnerving to see him do that,” Bell said.
“Soon they will not be able to,” Tocoda told him.
“How come?”
“They will once again be fully of this world. You have brought them out, but you have brought them out for a reason. Until that is fulfilled they are neither there nor here. Soon they will be here in their fullness. They have a Captain here once again.”
“I do not like the idea of them being in the Dark World.”
She smiled.
“Because you care for them, because you are their leader. You do not wish to see them attacked in the Dark World, part of the reason you were able to bring them through safely. This is why Galvyn chose you not I.”
“And I care for you,” he said earnestly.
“And I for you. Do not worry.”
“You will be well?” he asked her.
“I will,” she smiled up at him. “And you?”
“I will be better once we are rejoined,” he admitted.
“It is better this way.”
“I know that,” he said crossly. “Forgive me.”
“You are cross because you care, you need not apologise,” she smiled and kissed his cheek.
“We are ready,” Colvin said though neither of them had heard him arrive.
“Who is leading the fourth squad?” Bell asked.
“Q’alin, my most trusted sergeant,” Colvin replied. “Sorry, Sir, your most trusted sergeant.”
“Worry not, Colvin, you looked after them for a very long time, they are still your troops. Q’alin? She faced down that beast and…”
“Rather not think about it, Sir, but yes.”
“Very well,” Bell nodded. “I feel remorse that I do not well enough know the troops that follow my commands.”
“It is well, Captain, there are those in the Thither who have told us of your exploits and we have seen that your leadership is true. I live and breathe on the Four Worlds once again, do I not?” he smiled more to himself than to Bell.
“There are?” Bell exclaimed.
“For another time,” Tocoda said. “Now we must get to out positions.”
“May the Righteous be with you,” Colvin said and left.
“Let us hope so,” Tocoda said and took off at a run.
“I will take all the help I can get at this time,” Bell sighed and then also ran to meet his squad.
There were ten of them and they seemed very pleased to be fighting alongside him and he knew he could not show any doubt nor weakness. It was obvious that they were looking up to him despite their larger and better knowledge of warfare.
“This is not warfare of the line,” he told them thinking of fighting in the forests, of the Battle of Alban’s Wood, “this is hit and run and demands that you think for yourself, not wait for commands. You know our aim and you need to do what is best in your situation to succeed and that means communication. If you deviate from the plan then your fellow men and women must know so they too can adapt.”
His squad nodded to each other and Bell thought it was almost in confirmation, or perhaps relief, that they were following the right person.
“Sir,” one woman said.
“Yes?”
“Perhaps a call to attract and hand signals?”
“Very good…?” Bell trailed off.
“Josign, Sir.”
Very good, Josign. Do you have signals within the Company?”
“We do, Sir. Jegroid,” another introduced himself.
“Very well, Jegroid, show us that which we might need.”
%%%
They were at the corner of a major street and a minor one when they came across a Chinerthian patrol. Bell gave hand signals to his squad and they spread out a little. Haphinat caused a minor diversion with a stone that let three of them cross the street undetected and they moved up closer. Bell then darted around a corner and used his bow to take down one of the Chinerthians and as they panicked and tried to focus on where Bell had been the three on the other side of the road darted in and attacked before darting back to cover. With the Chinerthians distracted that way the rest of the squad attacked. They were meant to be driving them back to the castle, but none survived.
Bell had wanted them to flee, go back to the castle, but he realised that leaving one would only amount to those closer to the castle reinforcing rather than fleeing. Or if word reached the castle too soon it might be sealed up with most of the Chinerthians still outside.
They made their way forward again and came across a small garrison of troops in a hastily fortified open green square. They stopped and Bell and Josign crept closer.
“Alarm bell there, Sir,” Josign said.
“Yes. That could help us.”
“How, Sir?” she asked.
“Galvyn’s bow. A ringing alarm bell without a threat, nor ringer, is to sow confusion.”
“Very good, Sir, but will they not see the arrow?”
“Not if I can use the bow properly.”
“And can you?” she asked.
“I have never tried this before.”
“Well if anyone can, you can, Captain.”
He looked at her and smiled.
“Thank you, Josign.”
“It is well, Captain.”
“Signal the troops.”
“Very well.”
She used hand signals to communicate with the troops not far behind them and they readied themselves, some heading left and right to find a different location.
Bell and Josign fell back a little way and then scaled the building to their right to be able to see into the camp.
“I was not sure I would make it up that wall,” Bell smiled.
“I admit I prefer stairs,” she smiled back.
They crouched near the edge of the flat roof as Bell surveyed the garrison, nothing more than a grassy square that the Chinerthians had surrounded with a high and stout wooden fence. He could see the alarm bell, higher than the walls so that it would be heard, and made a mental picture of it in his head. Then he looked left and right until he found a spot to aim the arrows. A spot close to where they had been standing, the wooden wall of a building where he could retrieve his arrows, but where the Chinerthians would not see them. Now all he had to do was fire an arrow and guide it with his mind, guide it so that it hit the bell and then curved back round to the wall where it would lodge.
Could that be done? He knew that he could guide the arrows, but could he guide it to one place and then guide it to another? He did not have much choice now, this was the plan. He had to believe in himself, he knew that, it was deep in his soul. He knew that if it could be done it could only be done if he believed he could do it. He had to lead, had to believe he could even though he was still unsure of himself. He led them safely through the Dark World, did he not? He shook his head and notched an arrow, he was not going to get anywhere thinking about it. He looked down the arrow shaft at the bell that hung atop a pole and then flicked his eyes to where he wanted the arrow to stop. He tracked the path with his eyes twice before he let go of the arrow.
It sailed through the air as he followed it with his eyes and with his mind. The arrow closed in on the alarm bell and he turned it at the last moment so that it just clipped the bell hard enough to make it ring, but continued to sail around in an arc and lodge into the wall outside of the garrison.
“Like Galvyn himself,” Josign beamed.
They could see and hear the Chinerthians scrambling as the bell slowed and stopped clanging. The Chinerthians stopped and looked around. What had happened? They stopped to talk to each other and Bell guessed that they were trying to work out whom, if anyone, had rung the alarm. Finding that no one had, they started to go back to their posts assuming it had been some kind of accident. Bell let them get all the way back before firing another arrow and again hitting the alarm bell. This time he managed to hit it a little harder so it rang a little longer and the Chinerthians, seeing no one attacking, came to see it slow to a stop. Again they questioned each other and again they slowly went back to their posts. This time Bell did not let them get all the way back before hitting the alarm bell again and the Chinerthians were getting worried, getting agitated, what was happening? Chinerthians were up on the walls and were yelling down that there was no forthcoming attack and as soon as the baffled Chinerthians turned their backs Bell shot a swift arrow that hit the bell and had struck the wall before they could turn back to watch the clanging alarm bell. Now there was more yelling between those in the garrison and those on the walls, the latter getting angry that someone was messing around, but it was clear that the Chinerthians were terrified by what seemed to be sorcery.
Josign scrambled to the edge of the roof and signaled to a soldier below who ran to pass on the message and Bell’s squad began to encircle the garrison. Bell could not risk another shot without the arrow being seen and so let the alarm fall silent as suddenly his squad materialised inside the compound from three sides. They did not attack for fear of being beaten by superior numbers, but made a lot of noise and raised their weapons. It was too much for the already spooked Chinerthians and they ran to the only available gate and stampeded through; the gate was the one that would lead towards the centre of the town and the castle. Those that did not flee but turned to fight were cut down swiftly. It was, they would understand later, the last time they could pass to and from the Dark World. The Damned Company once again had a purpose in the Four Worlds.
The squad moved through the garrison destroying it where they could so that the Chinerthians could not reuse it and as they started through the streets towards the castle one soldier stopped them.
“Look, Captain,” he exclaimed.
They all looked up and high in the sky they could see a dragon circling.
“Tocoda must be closer to the castle than we and has summoned Kaitlin, we must push on,” he commanded.
CHAPTER XXVII

In the back of her mind Tocoda felt bad for Bell, felt bad that she was in the position that he should be in. He was the Captain of this Company, but it was she that was leading the fight. Kaitlin had appeared as soon as she had contacted her through their Magic and Kaitlin could tell her where all the Chinerthian troops were and where the Damned Company was too. That meant that her squad could move in relation to the two forces and corral the Chinerthians towards the castle.
Troops had already been moving there and with the sighting of the dragon they had picked up speed to get to the one place they felt they would be safest. They were right too, the thick stone walls would protect them from one dragon, but in their panic they thought not of others coming. If they had they might have tried to escape out of the town altogether, or split up and find houses or basements to hide in.
She directed her squad to move right along a street and then turn left as Kaitlin told her that another squad was coming that way. With Kaitlin coming from another angle they were pushing a large squad of Chinerthians towards the castle. They saw them ahead and charged forwards, but the Chinerthians, thankfully, took another street instead of trying to fight. Instead of following, they turned down another street in order to head off another group of Chinerthians that Kaitlin told her about.
She did not know which squad it was that had been chasing the Chinerthians, but it meant that at least two of the Damned squads were close to the castle. Kaitlin could not come too close to the castle without risking being hit by an arrow or those inside shutting the castle up to protect against a dragon attack. She suddenly told Tocoda to pull back and to the left as there were Chinerthians coming up from behind, trying to reach the castle. Her squad was between them and the castle. She moved her squad, but the Chinerthians had also deviated from their path and suddenly everyone pulled to a halt. Tocoda’s squad, the Chinerthians and on the far side of them Colvin’s squad. The Chinerthians were trapped in the middle. Tocoda watched them, they were greater in number than both the Damned squads together and she could see that they were scared. This was not good; they would fight like madmen and women to get through to the castle and safety from the dragon that even now flew overhead. Tocoda commanded Kaitlin to move away and the great beast that she rode wheeled up and to the right and out of sight.
Tocoda wanted to move her squad back and out of the way, let the Chinerthians through, but would they think it a trick and turn on the other squad? She barely got time to think this as the Chinerthians, more scared now they could not see the dragon and fearing a surprise attack, charged forwards at them.
“Hold,” she screamed.
The squad formed into a defensive position.
“Let them through,” she commanded just before the Chinerthians fell on them.
Some clashed swords and kept on running past the squad, but others stayed in the fray as Colvin’s squad ran up and joined in combat.
Tocoda whipped her sword this way and then that as the Chinerthians swarmed around her.
“Pull away, pull away,” she shouted as she deflected a sword and stabbed the Chinerthian.
She spun and stabbed another who was about to stab one of her squad and then ducked another blade before lashing upwards with her own. The two squads of the Damned soldiers moved as they fought so that they would not be between the Chinerthians and the castle and some of the Chinerthians took the opportunity to flee, but Chinerthians have war as their Mark and many fought on because fighting was what they did. Again Tocoda called upon Kaitlin and she swooped over on her dragon and many more of the Chinerthians fled for the castle and the two squads of the Damned followed them, pushing them towards it.
As they drew closer Tocoda could not know how many Chinerthians had made it to the castle and how many were still out there; where was Bell and what was he doing? She thought he was alright for she felt that they were connected and that she would know if he was hurt or worse. She could now hear the alarm ringing from the castle, the alarm to say they were closing the gates. They had used their time and now the other dragons were coming, already spotted by those in the towers and the gates were being closed. She ordered her squad to stop just before Colvin did the same. Colvin ran over to her and they talked quickly before Colvin ran back and barked orders. The squad disappeared as Tocoda told her own squad that they were heading back to find any Chinerthians left out, they could not let anyone survive here, not let any Chinerthian be behind them when they moved in force to the Portal.
As they moved back through the streets the Sun was blotted out by the forms of three dragons flying overhead. Even the members of the Damned Company were taken back by the sight.
“Who are you that you also control dragons?” one asked.
Tocoda laughed.
“It is not I that does so. Your Captain has some interesting friends.”
That let a murmur run through the squad, an impression of who was leading them. And it was true. Bell had an amazing group of friends; it was just that none of them saw it. None of them thought of themselves as special, well maybe him, but the others thought they were just members of the Quest, someone just following another. Bell was special and this Quest, she knew, would not have got this far without him. He was the compassion of the group.
They turned a street to nigh on bump into a group of running Chinerthians and so Tocoda punched the nearest in the face and a brawl ensued before they, one by one, managed to pull swords. They had the upper hand over the Chinerthians as they were not terrified over the appearance of dragons and quickly cut them down before moving on. This time with their swords drawn.
So Bell was the compassion. Kaitlin was the love, that was obvious and Connor was the trooper. He did not know what was going on nor understand it, but he took it all in his stride and did his best. A bit like d’Gaz, who followed his friend so blindly, but d’Gaz was different, he had loyalty to him, but compassion to others. He was understanding, though she doubted d’Gaz would ever see it that way.
At a crossroads they saw a few Chinerthians run by and Tocoda sent three of the squad to dispatch them. They returned quickly and successfully and they continued on.
Alura was a strange one; she was more of a warrior than any of them despite no reason to be so. She had connected with her through the Magic, but not seen the truth of her soul in the way she had seen Kaitlin. She was angry and vengeful while still holding a belief in truth and righteousness. 
So there was Lucas, the one who thought himself the least even though he was the most. He was the protector of Dylan and that was something that none of the others, even his Dad, had stepped up to do. He was the rock. Or was that Dylan? Who was he? He was the reason for all of this, but why? Because he was the only one who would not walk away from this? Everyone else would find reasons, good reasons they would think, not to continue, but he would not. He was the reason.
So that left him. Why was he doing this? For the same reason he did everything. For the greater good and forget everyone else. But she knew that he was right even as she hated herself for acknowledging it. He was Right in the face of everything else; he was Right even if that meant loss to himself or others. He was goodness. No! There could not be impartial goodness.
She was brought out of her thoughts as she saw Bell and his squad ahead of them and they ran to join them.
“You are well,” Bell said with relief.
“As are you,” she smiled and gave him a brief hug.
“How do we go?”
“It is well, the dragons are attacking the castle as we speak.”
“That I saw, it is time to leave and head to the meeting point.”
“Agreed.”
Bell gave the command and the two squads moved out.
%%%
The castle was no match for the dragons as they swooped in either breathing fire over the complex or landing to pull away the masonry with their huge claws. Kaitlin rode high in the sky on the back of the dragon, Ernen, and commanded the other dragons. She did not need to, they knew what to do and how to do it, but Ernen insisted that she and they grow used to her command.
A dragon came down low next to the castle wall as commanded and then swept up flicking its tail as it did so. The tail connected with the stone and the wall collapsed inwards. Chinerthians came out of the hole and tried to run as another dragon swooped down and attacked them with its claws.
“Look, Mistress, Rafastians,” Ernen said.
He turned in the air so that Kaitlin could see the dark shapes approaching in the sky.
“We have not the numbers for a fight,” Kaitlin said.
“Then we must summon the others, that was the plan, was it not?”
“Yes. Perhaps we can keep these Rafastians busy here, away from the other towns. The Chinerthians here are defeated.”
“A wise plan.”
In her mind Kaitlin called upon the other dragons that were to attack the town of Thane’s Regret and then relayed a message to the other dragons to be prepared for a fight.
“The others are already attacking the other towns,” Ernen stated.
“Yes, it was foolish to think that the appearance of Wadasthiams would not attract our enemies.”
“Indeed, Mistress, and now you will be a target, we should go.”
“Not yet. You wanted me to command, to lead you, I cannot run at the first sign of trouble.”
“Perhaps not, but a wise leader knows when to retreat.”
“Yes, we will, we must save ourselves for the battle at the Portal, but we must show our enemy who is the strongest.”
The evil Rafastians were much closer now as the Wadasthiams rose from attacking the castle to form a protective line. There was not much time to make a plan as the Rafastians were upon them so swiftly. They pulled back at the last moment so that their momentum brought them forward with their claws outstretched. The Wadasthiams broke left, right, up and down and then whirled around to attack the Rafastians as they went by and then turned to fight.
Claws and teeth were used against each other as fire was too dangerous, risking hitting one of their own side. Ernen flew high and Kaitlin barked orders as she saw chances to attack and chances to pull back. A great vile-yellow dragon swooped up to attack Ernen who fought it off with his talons, swiping and gouging at it as it came close, trying to bite at Ernen’s belly.
“Swoop left on my command,” Kaitlin said. “Now!”
Ernen swooped left as the vile-yellow dragon attacked. Kaitlin had a good shot at its neck and fired a bolt of magic at it. The dragon screamed and fell down before it caught its wings again and circled away from the main fight. Kaitlin commanded another dragon to strike at it and the vile-yellow dragon was forced to flee with minor wounds.
The dragons continued their ballet of teeth and claws over the town, with a number of dragons being thrown to the ground before rising back up. The castle did not stand a chance as dragon after dragon hit it. And then came more Wadasthiams, those that were meant to attack the town and the Rafastians were forced to pull back and after another attempted attack they fled.
The dragons flew over the city looking for Chinerthians, but on not seeing any they too left, leaving a small number to rest upon the ruins of the castle and wait.

CHAPTER XXVIII

The Shadow Ranger knew the town of Hope Lives well having stayed there often when travelling through the Portal to and from Chinerthia. He knew that on the far side, the side closest to the Portal was a garrison that had the sole purpose of riding back to the Portal with news of an attack or uprising. There too were trained carrier franes to take notes, but they were not trusted to take full messages and so horsemen would also be dispatched.
With an army forming at the Portal the Shadow Ranger knew that they would have to take out this form of communication before anything else. They would have to be fast, they would have to succeed before any other town fell and alerts were sent.
“So you know this town,” Alura said as they headed around its walls.
“I have spent much time here, yes.”
“On your way to and from Chinerthia.”
“Yes.”
“You are an interesting one, are you not?” she smiled.
“I thought I was before joining this Quest. It seems that I am not as uniquely interesting as I once thought,” he grinned at her.
“We make an interesting party.”
“Not least you.”
“Let us not talk on it.”
“Yet you wish to talk on me.”
“Then let us settle on silence,” she grimaced and he laughed.
“You always knew, did you not?”
“As did you.”
“No. Only looking back can I read the signs that there was something going on in the Outerfield. It was accident that I came across the Portal.”
“Was it?” she asked.
“Perhaps not, perhaps I was led without my knowing. As we were then led to you,” Mattaeus stopped in thought. “By Btolomy. Btolomy knew.”
“He is, I suspect, one of the Guardians,” Alura said.
“And how is it that you know of such beings as these?”
“I have spent many years hiding away in that house in the forest.”
“But not because of the dragon.”
“Yes and no. It was beneficial to us that Nagendra would hide us from those that might look.”
“Does he know this?”
Alura laughed.
“I am sure he has had thoughts on the matter. Here we reach the end of the wall.”
The walls of the town were high and made of great stone blocks. It had been built after the War of Coderhone to protect the town and the way from the Portal, but had been ultimately ineffective in its one job of stopping the Chinerthians coming through onto the continent of Uto. In fact the gates had been left open for such a long time (as opening and closing them was too much of a chore) that they had ultimately been taken off as they fell into disrepair. It had been the Chinerthians who had hewn new wooden gates and reaffixed them.
These gates now stood open again as traders passed to and from the town. Each World had its own treasures and resources that the other Worlds wanted or needed and so the town of Hope Lives had been left to continue as normal, only with the Chinerthians ruling over it. Chinerthia was no different from the other Worlds and trade had not stopped after the Black Queen had taken control and the Chinerthians had spread out through the Worlds. If anything trade to and from Chinerthia had increased as the Chinerthians living abroad wanted things from their home World.
“Should be easy enough to enter with all this traffic,” Alura said.
“Yes, but it means we cannot shut the gates without causing an outcry and alerting the town.”
“What will the people do when we attack the garrison?”
“The Sophoins? Probably nothing, but we must be aware of Chinerthians.”
“Should we split up?”
“No, it would not make enough of a difference, we take out the garrison here and then move into the town taking out any troops that could make it out and towards the Portal. The Damned Company will come in from the other side and do the rest.”
“Do you think they will send reinforcements from the Portal? Dragons will be hard to miss even from there.”
“No,” Mattaeus sighed. “If anything they will believe it too late to reinforce the towns and reinforce the Portal instead. The Black Queen will know of the army approaching through Hokino and will hold the Portal here if they cannot hold it on Hokino.”
They made a long arc away from the town gates and towards the road so that they joined it at a safe enough distance and then joined the fair crowd that walked along it. They were tense as they neared the gate and kept a note on everything they could without looking like they were looking. 
The garrison was inside the walls for safety, but built along the wall to the right and left of the gate so that they could leave quickly. Either side there was a long one storey wooden building to house the troops and the horses were kept within enclosures. Alura could also see large wooden and wire cages holding the carrier franes. She did not like to hurt the animals and thankfully the Shadow Ranger had not asked her to, but she also did not like the idea of attacking the Chinerthians. It was unprovoked, it was them attacking rather than defending. 
It was funny, she had not thought like this on attacking Evensguard Castle and she wondered if the castle had something to do with it. Perhaps being in a castle made them seem to be oppressors. By thunder, they were the oppressors; it was just that these seemed less like soldiers and more like messengers. No, she could not think like that, these were soldiers like all the rest; even the citizens had the Mark of war, the thirst for a fight. But she also remembered what Mattaeus had said to Dylan, that though the Chinerthians liked to fight, they were not evil; they did not all follow the Black Queen and her ways. 
At that moment she hated the Black Queen more than she ever had and she blanked her mind of compassion. This was needed to be done to save the greater number from her evil rule. She looked from one wooden building to the other and, though not part of the plan, sent a ball of magic at them both. The wooden structures burst into flame and she saw the Shadow Ranger leap back in surprise. She turned her eyes to the gates and with sheer will and magic slammed them closed.
“What are you doing?” Mattaeus shouted as Chinerthian troops fled the buildings.
The horses whinnied and bucked in terror and Alura flung their gates open so that they stampeded through the streets and into the town. The Shadow Ranger was now in fierce battle with the Chinerthians who had poured out of the two buildings and she threw magic bolts at those that came towards her. This would end, all this evil and fear; all these games that were played in the Dark World by gods and monsters and it would all start with the fall of the Black Queen. They would show the Worlds that evil and greed were not true strength, but goodness and kindness; sacrifice for your fellow men and women rather than lauding it over them.
Now she had formed a sword of magic and was fighting against the Chinerthians, she shot a bolt of magic at two who were trying to open the gates and then at another who was running for the carrier franes, before defending against the oncoming blows of a sword. She was angry at them, at them all for what they had done, what they were doing; angry that she was a part of it; angry that she had not been this angry at the beginning. That she had hid all those years, had not used her powers as she should have in the years of the Yokum Rebellion and the battle for the Port of Columbina. She was angry that she had played the game and now that anger exploded out of her as she fought with the Chinerthians. Some ran into town and she dispatched them with magic bolts as they ran, before dispatching others with her sword and then the Shadow Ranger was by her side.
“Alura! Stop this, stop this now!”
“Why?” she thundered back with fire in her eyes.
“Because this is not you, this is not what you fight for, but what you fight against.”
She spun and slew a final Chinerthian soldier and then she stopped.
Stood completely still as if turned to stone.
“What is it that we fight for? So that those above us may continue to play their games?” she asked.
“No. We fight for what is right, we fight to do good where we can.”
Her shoulders slumped.
“I am sorry, Shadow Ranger.”
“Be not sorry, we have been put into a place that no one should be. Our road is not one easily taken, beset on all sides.”
“They will be alerted now,” she said.
“Then we must push forward and stop those that would stand against our ends. They are good ends, Alura.”
“I trust in you, Mattaeus.”
“Then we must stop those that would send word of our strength to the Portal, they will now come.”
They ran forward along the main street and it did not take long for a squad of Chinerthians to come their way. Alura sent a blast into them as the Shadow Ranger ran forward and attacked. As Alura joined him it did not take long to finish the job, but it was too soon that another larger group of Chinerthians came upon them.
Alura threw in two bolts of magic and the Chinerthians scattered. They had no choice but to charge in, but as they fought it was easy to see some of the Chinerthians escaping.
“They will go around us,” Alura called.
“I see, we must get back and defend the gate.”
They fought through the remaining Chinerthians and then fled back down the street. They came back to the gate to see Chinerthians already beginning to open it and Alura hit them with her Magic as they ran closer. Now it was them between the gate and the approaching Chinerthians. Once the dragons and the Damned Company attacked, any messengers that got out would give away their strength and that could not happen before battle commenced. So far the Chinerthians were unaware that there was even an army forming to attack the Portal and Mattaeus hoped that would mean they were unready, waiting as they were for the Sylvaen army to come, if it could.
“We will not defeat them all,” Alura warned as the Chinerthians approached.
She could see smiles on their faces. After initial panic it was clear that there were only two of them and even with reports of Magic, they were sure they could defeat these two.
“Then I must do something gruesome,” Mattaeus answered.
He felt in his bag and pulled out Delinda’s Dragonstone.
“No,” Alura breathed.
“What must, must,” Mattaeus said and closed his eyes.
From all around them the corpses of the Chinerthians rose and fumbled around, feeling their new life in death and then they picked up their swords and stumbled towards the live Chinerthians.
There was shock and panic as the dead rose to fight against them and Alura used the commotion to throw bolts of Magic into their midst. The Chinerthians did not know what to do; some began to fight while others were unsure whether to attack their fellow soldiers, some even pleaded with them only to be cut down. 
Alura took the chance to plough in and take down more Chinerthians and the Shadow Ranger could sense her movement. He could not stand there with his eyes shut controlling the undead and so, concentrating into his own Magic he slowly opened his eyes. The undead soldiers faltered and then regained their feet and kept fighting, though not before a number were cut down. Reaching further into his Magic and blending his mind between the Dragonstone and his own eyes he slowly unsheathed his sword and stepped forwards. Once again the undead stumbled and he stopped and refocussed. They came back fighting and now he took another step, he could do this. He moved more swiftly and came into the attack, his mind in two places, but joined at the same time. He was seeing and not seeing, his mind was there in the present and elsewhere in the Dragonstone as he conducted his own limbs and those of the undead he controlled. He hacked and sliced to either side as he came into the fray and spun, ducked and parried all in a dream-like state. 
And then he decided they could win and he let go his mental control through the stone and dropped it into his bag in one swift motion. The undead fell to the floor, once again surprising the Chinerthians and then he and Alura were spinning through their decimated numbers. Even then two people should not have been able to best so many soldiers, but the Shadow Ranger was no normal man, no normal fighter and neither was Alura. 
She was spurred on by her earlier rage and the guilt that she felt from letting her anger win over her mind. She wanted this to be finished, she wanted to complete what they had started and then start her life over again. If this was how it had to be then she would do it, would do it fast and hope that she could live with it all; hoped that the outcome would outweigh the deaths they had caused.
They had nearly defeated the Chinerthians when the first dragon wheeled overhead and they knew that the Company of the Damned would have entered the town and would fight their way through. Now it was time for them to meet the others, having secured the spread of messages to the Portal. In the two towns that had not been attacked, the dragons would be a surprise and would stop any messengers from escaping. 
Or at least Mattaeus hoped. 
They had plans, but this was too big a Quest for plans. They could never be assured that their plans would succeed, less so that they would go perfectly. It was too late anyway, the die had been cast long ago in the forests of Sylvae and they had to continue on. 
He did not know how big of an army might await them at the Portal, he could only hope that it was not yet organised, waiting to hear what outcome came from the battle with the Sylvaen army at the other Portal. For all he knew though, the Black Queen knew exactly what they were doing and was prepared to stop them at this Portal. That they would find out.
“Come, let us meet the others,” he said.
Alura used her Magic to swing the gates back open.
“After you,” she smiled.
CHAPTER XXIX

They met in the ruins of B’Kartarr Castle. Built long before the War of Coderhone as the first major line of defence along the road from the Portal, it was easily destroyed by Coderhone’s first march into Sophoi and left to fall to ruin. The road was wide and flat, but either side the ground became swampy, full of crags of sharp looking rocks. It was not impassable if one knew the routes to take, but many had been lost out there. There were tales from those that had managed to escape of ghosts and strange creatures that lived in the murky waters. Even those that deigned to travel the road at night spoke of moans and howls and lights that appeared to float over the dark waters and the low, seductive song that made men and women alike want to venture out and find the source of the soft, melodic voice.
“We are here,” Mattaeus said.
“Not Dad or Kaitlin,” Dylan protested.
“Not yet, we wait for them.”
“Do not worry, Dylan,” Alura said calmly, “they have the best protection of all of us in their dragons.”
She was right, he knew, but he also knew that they were not yet here because they were fighting with, commanding, those very dragons.
“We saw Rafastians leaving towards the Portal,” Bell said.
“Yes, which means they were bested,” Mattaeus said.
“It also means that they will know we have dragons,” d’Gaz said.
“At least they will know dragons are flying, they know not of Bell’s Company.”
“It will make them ready,” d’Gaz insisted.
“That cannot be helped,” Bell said. “We could never lead an army in total secrecy.”
“The road is still busy though,” Tocoda said. “They have not stopped trade.”
“Not yet, and that means they may not yet be prepared for a battle,” Mattaeus nodded.
“I don’t understand that,” Dylan said.
“There is much to not understand,” Lucas moaned.
“But surely the Black Queen knows of us, she sent the Varkurn didn’t she? Why would she risk letting us get through?”
Mattaeus sighed.
“It is a good point, young Guardian, and much to be thought upon if we had the leisure. I fear that the Black Queen has been played in this vile game as much as anyone.”
“Are you saying that things have been hidden from her?” Tocoda asked.
“I think so, I think others want the Book as much as we, and for the same reason, but not to change the Balance for the better.”
“Are you saying that Nargel, or whoever, is letting us get this far?” Lucas asked with surprise and outrage.
“No, but I think he is playing hands as they are dealt to him, changing his plans as we continue to close upon the Book.”
“The Black Queen is very powerful, do not misunderstand that,” d’Gaz said seriously, “but there are always those more powerful. Or in a position to gain that power.”
“We are here,” a voice said in the gathering gloom.
“Dad,” Dylan cried and ran to his father as he appeared followed by Kaitlin.
Alura came too and hugged her sister.
“It is done then?” she asked.
“Yes, the towns have fallen from the hands of the Chinerthians.”
“This is good news,” Bell said with relief.
“There is more,” Connor said. “Your sisters, Tocoda, move towards the towns. We have spoken with them.”
“Why?”
“They are not with the True King’s army?” Mattaeus asked.
“They would hunt the Fury, Mattaeus, they have sent some ahead to scour for him and now they have agreed to join our army to secure passage into Chinerthia.”
“They think he is there?” d’Gaz asked.
“They do,” Kaitlin nodded.
It made sense, d’Gaz thought, he could not feel into Chinerthia since the Black Queen took rule, and he had not felt the Fury’s presence either in Sophoi or when he travelled into the Dark World. This made their journey into Chinerthia even more dangerous, most of all for him. No, it would be he that made it more dangerous for them if he went hunting for the Fury, they had split up in Sophoi and it had been good for all of them, they had all learned, but Chinerthia was not the place to be split.
“So what now?” Connor asked.
“Now we wait for Btolomy to reach us and then move along the road under cover of darkness,” Mattaeus said.
d’Gaz began to say something, but Mattaeus cut him off with a look. A look that did not go unnoticed by Bell.
“The road is dangerous at night?” he asked.
“Not if we stay on the road,” Tocoda replied.
“And what if we don’t in the dark?” Dylan asked with worry.
“Do not fear, young Guardian, the waters of the swamps pick up even the faintest of moonlight,” Mattaeus reassured him.
It would be another hour’s wait before Btolomy reached them and they all found parts of the ruins away from the others to wait and rest.
d’Gaz continued with his thoughts from earlier. They had set out to enter Chinerthia to destroy the Black Queen’s hold over the Worlds and to close the Portal, but now things had become a lot bigger. It made sense that the Fury of Medraza had gone to Chinerthia as it made sense that all three of the Woes would stand against them. Nargel had his plans and the other two would join him in them. The Fury then would come to him, to follow the plan, but also for revenge. It would want to finish the fight that d’Gaz had thought he had won. That could help, could that urge be stronger than the desire to see whatever plan was unfolding succeed? Perhaps, but someone had been talking to the Fury in it’s hibernation, someone had helped imbue it with more deadly Magic and that worried d’Gaz. It showed that these plans were long ago set in motion and the freeing of the Fury was always a part of them. It was their Master and creator, of course, how could it be any other? But then that was too far back for d’Gaz even to think of anything other than myth. If it were true though?

Mattaeus was sitting alone thinking on the same things. He had tried to go back through things to find the webs that connected everything, but there was too much to sort through. He had to go back to the beginning, all this started with the Portal. No, all this started with the Book of Five Worlds. Even he did not know what was contained within its pages, but he knew it was powerful enough to change the Balance. How? Perhaps just it’s being back in the Four Worlds had done that, he could not know. He had to assume that it was something to do with the Portals, some knowledge of them and how they transferred people through time and space into another world. It was funny, he thought, that he had never thought on it. That the Portals held an energy that he did not understand, but took for granted. It was not the energy of the Outerfield, he knew that and that threw up more worrying questions that he could not face yet.
So, let us say that Nargel wanted the Book of Five Worlds for whatever reason (he would not yet think on that), but the Black Queen was too powerful to fall for his wiles. He must have been as surprised as any when she showed up with it and began to take over the Worlds. But then a plan formed and he spent years working on it and then on her to get to the Book. That brought them to the Portal, Nargel had opened it for he wanted to reach the Fifth World, or bring it into the Four Worlds. Nargel had sway over the Fifth World as much as he had here so it was not he that needed to reach it. Not the Black Queen as he was keeping her in the dark, so he wanted the Earthens to come into the Four Worlds. Why? Chaos, of course. The same reason that Connor did not want them here. But that brought nothing for no one, there was not an angle for Nargel there.
He thought on what KolKath had said of Cyclo trying to recruit an army. KolKath suggested it was for his master, who Mattaeus took for Nargel, but thinking on it now he did not think Cyclo would ever let himself have a master. No, he would use those who he thought could help him achieve his own goals. Still, he should not outthink himself, why would Nargel want an army from the Dark World? If he was on the back step then it would be to fight the army they had risen.
He thought on what d’Gaz and Btolomy had said about Nargel raising his master, about what Ixil had seen in d’Gaz’s presence and why Btolomy thought Nargel had opened the Portal. 
He got up to find d’Gaz.

Tocoda walked among the low walls trying to find a space.
“Tocoda?” Bell called and she turned.
“I look for somewhere quiet,” she said and his face fell.
She smiled.
“I need time to think on some things and it has been a long time since you talked with Lucas. He is your friend, is he not?”
“He is.”
“Then you should not lose that for all of this, go and spend time with him.”
Bell nodded and left her to walk through the ruins. He found Lucas stretched out against a low wall. Further on he could hear Connor and Dylan talking, but they were far enough away that he could not hear what they talked on. Bell sat down next to his old friend and stretched.
“We have made it thus far,” Bell said.
“Did you think we would?” Lucas asked.
“I cannot say that I ever really thought about it. Not since we met the Shadow Ranger.”
“Do you think he made that much of a difference?”
“What would we have done without him?” Bell mused. “We still would have met with the Twin Magicians, but would we have freed them from the dragon? Say we would and we met d’Gaz, what then?”
“We would still be here, perhaps not with the True King freed nor those magic stones returned, but still here,” Lucas said firmly.
“Really?”
“You talk as if the Shadow Ranger is someone special, and that he is, by thunder, but he is not the only one. As we have walked we have found that all of you are special. We have been friends for a long time, Bell, but I never knew you.”
“It was something I wished to escape, it was no longer me. I did not hold back my friendship from you, Lucas.”
They sat in silence for a while.
“You said ‘you’, that all of you are special,” Bell broke the silence.
“It is true,” Lucas replied.
“But you do not count yourself in that number.”
“I am not the leader of a rebellion, nor a Magician or friends with beings from the Dark World, Bell, nor whatever d’Gaz and Mattaeus hide from us. For that last one I am grateful.”
“But you are more special than any of us, Lucas, you are the Protector of the Guardian. No one else stepped up to that role.”
“Any of you could.”
“No,” Bell shook his head. “No one else has the heart for it. While the rest of us were concerned for ourselves, lost in our pasts, you were the only one who was thinking of another.”
“It is you who now thinks of another,” Lucas said, not looking at Bell, but breaking into a smile anyway.
“Am I the only one?” Bell smiled back, also not looking at his friend.
“Perhaps we were lost in the forests of Sylvae, perhaps this Quest has brought us out and shown us a way to go in the future,” Lucas said.
“It is a strange thing to think on. The future.”
“Then let us concentrate on getting there.”
%%%
 Connor had wanted to know what had happened with the attack on the town, but Dylan had been insistent on knowing more about the dragons and what his Dad had done in the attack. Connor had told him that he had flown up high on a dragon called Eathwaite and had commanded the dragons to help the attacking Damned Company. The fighting had been brief thanks to what the others, including Dylan, had done beforehand and Connor admitted he had not done much other than be a look out.
“Do you think we should still be here?” Dylan asked after a few minutes of silence.
“What do you mean?”
“I mean we started this to close the Portal. We came along because they thought I had opened it, but now Btolomy says that I didn’t and it’s not even about that anymore. It’s about this Nargel and stuff,” he finished dejectedly.
“Well, firstly, Dylan, if you want to go home then we will go home right now. If that’s what you want, but let me tell you why I think we should be here.
“Firstly, no perhaps you didn’t open the Portal, it doesn’t make sense that you would, I suppose, but it wasn’t meant to open in our shed, was it? Either you somehow changed where it should open, or someone else did, choosing you.
“Secondly, I’ve been thinking about what Thunderground said. About not knowing who was on the Quest with us. I thought he meant that they were good people to help us get to Chinerthia, but now we see that they are more than what we thought. These people who travel with us are the people to stop these plans of Nargel, or whoever.”
“But that’s still not us, is it?”
“But what if that was the plan all along? These people have gathered around us, around you, we are a part of it. And, listen, Dylan, we chose to do this because closing the Portal, maybe changing the Balance, was a good thing to do. It still is; all this other stuff doesn’t change that. Changing the Balance is a good thing for lots of people.”
Dylan thought about it, his Dad was right, all this other stuff didn’t change what they had set out to do, nor made it less important. The Portal to Earth still needed to be closed, even more so if it had been opened for an evil purpose.
Life was not like the storybooks or films where everything went just-so to get to the end. He supposed that adults already knew this and already knew that you could think you were living one story only for something to happen and show you it was a different story all along. He thought about his Mum and his Dad, he guessed his Dad thought his story was about being with Mum and raising a family together, probably they would have had more kids, but then his Dad found that he wasn’t living a love story, but a sad one.
And what of him? He had dreamt of living another story other than that of loneliness, grief and bullies and now that he was he wanted to walk away. Because it wasn’t the story he had wanted it to be. 
But was he so helpless?
They weren’t in a story dictated by an author, they could make their own decisions, they could help write their own story; he could help write his own story. Nothing would ever be quite the way he wanted it to be but that didn’t mean he shouldn’t try to make it that way. All whilst accepting those things that were out of his control. Yes. They had a Quest to finish and he would finish it whatever the outcome.
“Btolomy is here,” Kaitlin said from the deep gloom.
CHAPTER XXX

They gathered together in the ruins as a half-moon rose above them and Btolomy told them of the success of the Company of the Damned and told of the great work of Kaitlin and Connor. They once again discussed what they would do. It was now known that Rafastians had come and fought and had returned, they had to assume, to the Portal.
“They know not of our strength though?” Mattaeus asked.
“No one that saw the Damned Company escaped to tell,” Connor said a little sadly.
“We should fear the worst,” Alura said.
“I agree,” Bell said. “We must assume they are ready and waiting for us.”
“Then let us make haste to arrive before the Sun is up,” d’Gaz said.
“The dragons?” Mattaeus asked.
“They will fly over the swamps though even they do not like to do so,” Kaitlin said.
“I blame them not,” d’Gaz replied.
“Enough,” Mattaeus warned. “We have a long walk ahead of us, for now sleep and I will wake you.”
%%%
They walked along the empty moonlit road and Dylan found that Mattaeus was right about the swamp either side of them, the waters shimmered in the moonlight enough for them to see the road, dark, stretched out ahead of them. Their walk was matched by the sounds of the swamps; splashes and the sounds of birds and what Dylan thought were frogs. They had to be large by the sound of them.
“They are a lesson in life,” Tocoda said to him.
“What are?”
“The frogs that you hear. You think they must be large by their sound.”
“I do,” he nodded.
“And there are very large frogs out there, young Guardian, but they are not the ones that make all the racket. Those that you hear the loudest are only the size of your palm.”
“What else lives out there?”
“Koichi birds, fish and Matta eels. There are probably more unknown species out there than all the known ones in Sophoi.”
“Why?”
“Because no one goes out there, let alone fishes,” she smiled down at him.
“The Matta eels?”
“Mainly. They are large.”
Dylan thought of the Falusifs, the sand eels.
“You have been out there, haven’t you?”
“Once, yes. It was not a pleasant experience,” she said.
“We had to escape Falusifs on Hokino,” he said.
“Really? Now they are dangerous, how did you do it?”
He told her what had happened and she prompted him for more information on his adventures finding the Stones of Aremis and so the hours passed by.
“What are they?” Connor asked pointing out over the swamps.
They could see balls of light floating over the waters.
“Well that is yet another story, Connor of the Shed,” d’Gaz said wryly.
“I would hear it.”
“As with so many stories there are numerous tellings, but suffice to say that this used to be prime agricultural land and that it was destroyed and flooded. Some say by Coderhone to stop an attack on Chinerthia while he conquered this World; some say it was the Sophoins themselves to stop an attack from Chinerthia. There are other stories, but they all come to the same ending, that those lights are the souls of those that were drowned in the waters that flooded this area, creating the swamp.”
“They are balls of gas that have been disturbed,” Mattaeus said frankly.
“Disturbed by what?” Kaitlin asked from beside Connor.
“Matta eels,” Dylan said proud of his knowledge.
“There are more dangerous things than Matta eels out there,” Mattaeus said without thinking.
“Such as?” Alura asked, a little gleeful for seeing the Shadow Ranger lose his composure for a second.
And then the singing began.
“Such as that,” he said crossly.
“What is it?” Bell asked.
“It is beautiful,” Lucas said.
“Take care, Man Mountain, that is Aphalinte,” d’Gaz said.
“d’Gaz,” the Shadow Ranger said crossly.
“Knowledge is armour,” d’Gaz spat back.
“Very well,” the Mattaeus conceded.
“Aphalinte was a beautiful young woman with an even more beautiful voice that brought her fame and adoration across the Four Worlds. It brought her everything she could ever want and she thought she could have anything she wanted. She met a man who lived like she did and they enjoyed life to the fullest they could, but she began to feel empty. She realised that she had to share her love for him with his many other pursuits. And women. She realised that she too should be doing the same thing, but it became hollow. Things were not life.
“And then in her travels she met another man, a simple man and she was taken back to her life before her fame and reminded of all the things she had truly enjoyed. Unfortunately the first man, Harxiss, did not like the idea that she may leave him, did not like the fact that she may have found real happiness when he found it through superficial means. He lured her out to the swamp, some stories say it was not a swamp at that time, and left her to have nothing. And so she sings out for her lover, Krati, to find her and bring her home,” d’Gaz finished.
“The problem is that once you are out there in the swamps you lose where the sound is coming from and get lost,” Mattaeus said.
“But it doesn’t make sense,” Dylan protested. “Why would he be so mad at her? He had what he wanted.”
“Do not think on it, young Guardian, it is just another story made by men to show that they are superior,” Alura said angrily.
“You have it wrong, sister,” Tocoda said.
“Do not call me that.”
“Alura,” Kaitlin chastised.
“Oh, so be it.”
“Go on,” Connor said.
“It is a story that shows her strength,” Tocoda explained. “She, like the rest, wanted whatever she could have, but she realised that that was not all, she defied the circles she travelled in by taking another way and she was cursed for it.”
“So she stood against the men?” Dylan asked.
“She did, they all wanted her to be as them, they all wanted her voice and her beauty, but she scorned them for it. The story is much longer, if you care to hear it,” Tocoda told him.
“The time for that is not now,” the Shadow Ranger said. “Now the time of war is upon us.”
Dylan realised that the sky held that faint metallic blue of imminent sunrise and also that they were not alone. Somewhere in their walking and talking the Company of the Damned had formed up behind them. He looked left and right over the swamps and saw the shapes of dragons in the thin light. They flapped lazily over the waters and stood upon rocks. He saw in the coming light something strike out from the water as a dragon took flight and snapped down at it. A Matta eel, he thought. 
It really was a dangerous road that they walked, not just this one, but the one ahead, into Chinerthia. And the one they had already walked to get to here. They had come this far in success, why shouldn’t they continue that way? But it was a different road now, a different road since they had entered Sophoi. Or was it? Perhaps it was simply that he, and they, now saw the road that they walked upon more clearly.
And then the swamps ended and as the Sun broke over the horizon they found themselves upon Pelagrey Fields.
%%%
Dylan found himself lost in the men and women as they prepared the battle line. A couple of tents were erected, but not much else. In the breaking dawn he had seen the Portal and had seen the army forming before it and their own army had begun to form against that. There was still a good distance between the two armies and he wondered how exactly they would fight. Would they move closer beforehand or would they charge from here? But something else bugged him and so he pushed through all the commotion, with Lucas following his every step, to find the Shadow Ranger.
“You know what is really happening here,” he said as he entered the tent.
“Dylan,” Bell started.
“No,” Mattaeus said.
In the tent was Mattaeus, d’Gaz, Btolomy, Kaitlin, his Dad, Alura, Bell and someone from the Company of the Damned.
“Not all of you, just you, Mattaeus. And you d’Gaz and Btolomy. You know what is really happening here.”
“So be it,” Mattaeus replied.
“And now we are preparing for a battle, people will die. And not for the things we think they will, but for what you won’t tell us.”
Btolomy and Mattaeus exchanged a glance while d’Gaz merely grinned to himself.
“This is how we get through the Portal,” Mattaeus said.
“That’s not the point,” Dylan became angry. “The point is they’re doing it for the wrong reasons.”
“They are doing it to get you into Chinerthia,” Btolomy said.
“But that’s not why you’re doing it,” he jabbed a finger at the two of them. “You’re tricking them.”
“But the outcome is the same,” Mattaeus said.
“It doesn’t matter. The outcome doesn’t matter if you’re using them, using us.”
“Then you should tell them that, tell them what we are to do,” Mattaeus said.
“But I don’t know what you are doing, that’s what I mean.”
“The same thing you have always been doing, Dylan. You came here to close the Portal to keep the Worlds safe, if anything that has become more important,” Mattaeus said.
“Fine then, I will. I don’t care for all your other games, I just want to do what we said we would and go home.”
d’Gaz clapped.
“Very well done, Dylan of the Shed, someone had to stand up to him,” he grinned.
“Yes,” Mattaeus agreed. “It has come your time to lead as I hoped it would do.”
“What? What are you talking about? No,” Dylan flustered.
“Yes,” Mattaeus said. “You are right, these troops follow you, we all do and you have proven us right here and now.”
“I don’t want to talk to the troops,” he protested.
“But you will. You will tell them what we are fighting for. They need that.”
“My sisters have arrived, they have brought horses with them,” Tocoda said entering the tent. “Is everything alright here?”
“It is well,” Bell said.
“Kaitlin, go and talk with them, they will be your Dragonriders,” Mattaeus said.
“Very well,” she said and left with Tocoda.
“And then what?” Connor asked.
“And then we will ride out and demand the Chinerthian’s surrender,” Mattaeus said.
“I will find a horse,” Btolomy said.
“This is not your army,” Mattaeus said firmly.
“I will lead it once you are gone,” Btolomy argued.
“It is not my army either. You will have your army before everything is through, you know that. This army, though, is Bell’s.”
“It is not,” he proclaimed.
“It is whether you like it or not and you will lead it, my friend,” Mattaeus said.
“I will ride out with you,” d’Gaz said. “I will put on my best scary face.”
“If that is to be the case, take Lucas with you so they have something to fear,” Mattaeus said.
“By thunder, but you are rude,” d’Gaz exclaimed.
“By thunder, you two jape like old marrieds,” Lucas bemoaned. “One sight of my axe and they will all scamper back from whence they came.”
%%%
Dylan had tried to argue against it, but it seemed he would not be let to back down after his outburst. They seemed to think it was a good thing that he talk to the troops, but he didn’t know what to say. They told him he had to tell them what they were fighting for, just the reason he was here, the reason for their Quest.
He couldn’t talk to them all at once as they were forming into a battle line and so he walked along with Bell and talked to small groups. As he approached he could hear them whisper of him being a Fifth Worlder and when he talked to them they listened. He tried to keep it brief, just told them that a Portal had opened and that was a bad thing. That maybe some people in the Dark World had something to do with it, evil people.
When some tried to argue about closing the Portal, he told them that the Portal was not opened for good and no good could come of it and they seemed to listen and respect his words. As he went through the ranks he got better at what he was saying, but the result was still the same; the soldiers were happy to hear what he had to say, they seemed to stand up a little straighter and get a little bit more ready. They knew what they were doing and now they knew why and they were happy to do it.
Dylan thought he should feel the same way too, he had been arguing that this wasn’t about the Portal anymore, but everyone he told seemed to think that was worth fighting for. He had to think the same; he had to remember what it was like when they first started out, ready to defeat evil for good. That was still happening, the Portal still had to be closed, whatever else was happening, and that bolstered his feelings. His readiness to enter Chinerthia and finish what they had started.
The worst part was talking to the red cloaks, not only because they had recently been their enemy, but because they stood amongst the immense dragons. To see so many in one place was awe-inspiring and as they approached, Dylan could see the red cloaks and the dragons talking. The dragon’s heads low down and close to individual red cloaks who Dylan assumed would ride them. They all gathered to hear his words, even the dragons, Dylan hadn’t expected that and at the end the dragons all snorted in approval and stamped feet and flapped wings. After that a voice sounded in his head.
“You know me, Nagendra, what you may not know is that I have already fought alongside this Fifth Worlder. He is Dylan of the Shed, Guardian of the Portal and together we freed the True King of Sylvae. He is young and small, but his strength of heart is more than mine who hid from doing what was right.”
“It was upon my back,” Delinda spoke up, “that the Guardian rode to free the True King and I concur. The Guardian’s bravery and selflessness has been a lesson to me.”
“As is the same for the humans that follow him on this Quest,” Nagendra said. “I too pledge my allegiance to the Guardian and to his Father who rides with us bearing Cathar’s Air Blade.”
“As do I,” Delinda said.
“And I,” Falaeus said.
“Then I do too,” another dragon said and then there was a cacophony of voices agreeing in his head.
“So be it,” a red cloak shouted. “We are now one with the dragons and we too follow your Quest.”
There was a cheer of agreement from the red cloaks.
“So be it then,” Connor said quietly to himself.
The other thing that interested Dylan as he thought back on it was Bell and the way he changed. He was just as nervous as Dylan was when they started out, but he could feel the eyes of the Damned Company on Bell and he must have felt it also as he tried to rally the troops after Dylan’s speech. He was clumsy at first, checking armour and passing comments, but as time went on he became bolder. It was, Dylan thought, for the same reason. The Company of the Damned responded to Bell’s words and were grateful for them, they looked up to him as their leader and it was Dylan’s honour to see Bell transform into that role.
They were about to lead an army into war and it wouldn’t end with this one battle, but now Dylan thought that they could do it, that there was hope and that they were fighting for a good cause, a just cause. They had started out as nothing, just a rag-tag group given a Quest that none of them had expected, but they had grown and were no longer just that Foreshadow of Balance. They were more than a shadow; now they were a light shining out. They were an army marching for justice for all people.
He stopped for a moment.
They were grand words and yet they were true. And they were ready to do this; they were the people to do this. They had been all along. A thought hit him from school (that seemed like such a long time ago!), a biology lesson on seeds and plants. They were like the seeds that just sat in the soil, just being seeds, until the rain came and soaked down and found them and they realised that they could be more than seeds, that they could be flowers. They would seek the Sun and burst through the soil to be what had always been programmed within them.
He felt pretty happy with this, a pretty good comparison, like a good poem. He should remember this for the next time he gave a speech. He quietly smiled to himself about it until he heard the others get ready to ride out.
CHAPTER XXXI

The battle lines had drawn closer to each other and Bell, d’Gaz and Lucas rode out on horses that the red cloaks had brought with them. Three Chinerthians rode out to meet them and they stopped within shouting range.
“You will surrender to us,” Bell shouted.
The head Chinerthian laughed.
“It is you who should surrender; you will not make it through the Portal and we will hunt you down if you flee. Surrender and we will be quick and merciful.”
“You can be assured that we will not flee this day,” Bell answered.
“You are no one leading nothing,” the Chinerthian said.
“He is more than you can imagine,” d’Gaz shouted out, “leading an army you cannot defeat.”
“I see nothing but a rag tag group of Sophoins who think they are an army. Show us what you have,” the Chinerthian shouted back.
“So be it,” Bell said quietly as the Chinerthians rode back to their line.
They turned and rode back, but Bell could not stand it. His guts and his mind roiled in torment, here he was again, supposed to be leading and once again he wanted to run away, did not want the responsibility on his shoulders.
But.
But he did not have the option now, he had not, he realised, the option then. It was death or glory, it was fight or lose and the last time he had chosen to lose.
He had lived a quiet life, a life away from any such things, away even from the Chinerthian rule. He had hidden from all that he had failed to do and he had thought he had been successful, but now, in this moment, he knew it had always been in his heart. He remembered now something he had hidden away and it brought other memories, memories of death and screams in battle, but he pushed them away to this other memory.
He had walked alone in the forest and had come across some Yokum ants. Instead of finding another route he had walked on as the ants began to bite and had continued on through the pain as they attacked in greater numbers. The pain was unbearable, but also soothing in a way, as if he deserved it. He walked on until he could see the ant’s nest and then the pain had driven him back. He wept that night that he could not reach the nest and it took him two days to recover from the bites. He would see that nest this day, he would sup on it’s nectar.
“So be it,” he said again and took his bow from his shoulder.
He did not need to look back to see the Chinerthians as they rode back, he had their faces engraved in his memory and pulled out three arrows. He notched one and fired, then the next and then the last. Though he faced them not, he fired each and knew each found their target. He knew that by the cry that rose from the Chinerthian ranks.
Bell, Protector of the Forest Way, was now going to fulfil that promise.
The three Chinerthians fell off of their horses dead, and the Chinerthian ranks bayed out at this injustice.
“So be it,” Bell said.
Lucas looked over at d’Gaz, who grinned back at him. He did not know what that grin meant, but he grinned back anyway. Yes, this was the time, this was the beginning of the end and Bell was leading them to it. Finishing the rebellion he had helped to start.
“Ready the troops,” Bell shouted as they reached their battle line. “There is no mercy this day, only a clear Portal.”
A cheer spread through the ranks of the Damned Company and the red cloaks. The horn was blown and the army charged forward. The Chinerthians were still reeling from Bell’s actions and charged forward at the sight of the advancing army, but were leaderless as their commanders desperately tried to decide who was now in charge and what the orders should be even as the army surged forwards. 
The one thing the Chinerthians had over Bell’s army was that they had the Mark of war, they did not need to be instructed how to fight or what the best tactics were. So as they met in the middle of the plain the two armies were evenly matched and fierce fighting broke out. Chinerthian cavalry tried to wheel around the battle line, but were blocked off by halberd wielding Damned soldiers. The horses ploughed into the spikes and the riders were flung off their mounts or speared directly. A number made it through and the Damned soldiers turned to face them as the dismounted Chinerthians got up and pulled swords.
Seeing this, Bell sent his small cavalry the other way around the battle line to harry and distract rather than to try and break through and suffer a similar fate.
In the midst of the fighting Alura was there with Btolomy, though they were not using their Magic, but their sword and staff. Alura was amazed at how deftly the old Wizard could wield his staff and how much damage it could do. It went up against swords and, despite being wooden, it did not break nor even get chipped. She should not be so surprised, she thought as she parried a sword strike and struck back. Btolomy was obviously a great Wizard; she could feel the Magic in him even though she could feel his ability to keep it inside and hidden from all but the strongest Magicians. She had never met a Wizard before, not even on Hokino, but that did not surprise her, Wizards were connected to the Dark World and/or the Thither, they used the flows of Magic whereas Magicians somehow stored Magic inside them and used that. Wizards had a true grasp of what Magic was whereas Magicians merely used it.
This was not the time to muse; she and Btolomy were on a mission. The Chinerthians had five strong Magicians behind their lines who were shooting bolts of Magic into the fight. The soldiers of the Damned Company did not seem to be affected by it, perhaps still protected from it by their time in the Thither, but the red cloaks were being hit. The Magic at this distance was dissipating as it flew, but it was still strong enough to fling people off their feet and injure them and it would be directed at the dragons as soon as they were called upon. That would render them almost useless and so Btolomy and Alura were fighting towards the Chinerthian Magicians to take them out. She would love to just blast her way through, but that would make them a target to the enemy Magicians and so they fought back-to-back, side-by-side through the lines.
“Let me be of assistance,” d’Gaz declared with a big grin.
“You are enjoying this?” Alura asked with surprise she should not have felt.
“Gets the blood pumping, does it not? Like a good storm on the Open Ocean, or fishing for Keekre.”
“This is not the time for levity,” Btolomy chastised angrily.
“Rather levity than think upon the brutality of what we do in war,” d’Gaz said as he spun and cut a man in two with his great cutlass.
“Get us through the battle line, d’Gaz,” Alura said duelling with a Chinerthian.
“Pleasure,” he replied and pressed forward, slicing at one Chinerthian and then another.
His sword was a blur as it caught the light; flying high and then low, left and then right as Alura and Btolomy joined him in hacking a path through the soldiers. A bolt of Magic landed close to their left and soldiers from both sides were thrown off their feet. Dirt and blood was thrown up at them as they continued to fight forward and dust was now thick in the air making it harder to see.
“There,” Alura shouted, spying the Magicians.
They were guarded by a soldier each who looked antsy and eager to leave their post and join the real fighting.
“Do not let us be attacked from behind,” Btolomy instructed.
“Just like Keekre fishing,” d’Gaz said as he turned back.
There was still fighting here, but beyond these soldiers there was a gap and then the soldiers and the Magicians. Beyond them the empty enemy camp.
“We will have to be fast,” Btolomy said.
“I will follow your lead, Wizard.”
“Take the two on the left and be prepared, the Magicians will attack ferociously.”
They stepped out of the fighting and Alura flung a bolt of magic from each hand, hitting the two Chinerthian guards as Btolomy used his staff to shoot a continuous bolt of orange lightning that he dragged across the other three guards. Barely had they hit the floor when the Magicians turned their attention to Alura and Btolomy. The two closest to Alura fired bolts of magic, but Btolomy swung his lightning stream to the left and the bolts exploded against it. Alura fired another bolt from each hand as Btolomy withdrew his lightning. One Magician dodged as the other took the bolt straight in the chest and was knocked back off his feet, crumpling onto the floor a few metres away.
Another Magician fired at Btolomy and he spun his staff around his fingers, creating a circle of magic like a shield. The bolt bounced off of it and flew back to hit the Magician who sent it. Then he sent a bolt out of his palm at another Magician as Alura dodged a bolt. She used her Magic to knock the Magician into the other and Btolomy’s bolt hit them both. The last Magician fired a wild bolt from each hand and as Alura fired two bolts to intercept them, Btolomy once again used his lightning to down the Magician. Alura’s bolts hit the Chinerthian bolts and they exploded together creating small vacuums that popped loudly as they disappeared.
They turned back to the fighting to see d’Gaz gallantly fighting off the Chinerthians and ran to help him amongst the fray.
%%%
The Shadow Ranger was in the thick of battle, carving through the Chinerthians with a very set plan. He aimed for those in charge, either by rank or by shouting orders to others. When the dragons came, and that would be very soon, he did not want anyone to rally the soldiers. Amongst the soldiers were big, armoured Chinerthians who were taking on two or three of their soldiers at a time and Mattaeus wished that Lucas were part of the fight to take them on. He would have to join to get Dylan through, but not yet. 
As he clashed with two Chinerthians at the same time he also wondered on his plan. He had to get to Btolomy to get him back, they needed to head to the Portal and Btolomy had to replace Bell in leading the army. He ducked and spun, taking one Chinerthian down at the knees before sweeping up and dispatching of the second. On he moved. The dragons could make short work of the Chinerthians, but if they fled then there was no chance of them slipping through the Portal. He grunted to himself as he slashed at another Chinerthian; their army was bigger than he had hoped and daylight would not last forever.
And then he saw something that decided him.
Btolomy knew the plan and could protect himself; he had to get back to Dylan. He and Bell could get him through to the Portal and Lucas and his axe could be unleashed on the Chinerthians.
The Shadow Ranger made speed back through the battle faster than anyone would believe, and none would as any that came before him, fell. He reached the command group.
“Bell.”
“I see them, not as we hoped.”
“There will be war on the ground and in the skies, it matters not, we must proceed to the Portal.”
“What of Btolomy?” Bell asked.
“He will take your place, fear not.”
“What does it look like from within?”
“The fighting is fierce and evenly matched. However, there are some larger, fully armoured Chinerthians in there, taking on two or three of our own.”
“I have faced one already,” Lucas said.
“Good,” Mattaeus nodded, “as I want you to face more.”
“No,” Lucas shook his head. “I am here to protect Dylan.”
“He will come with Bell and I, you know that we will protect him.”
“Like in that cave on Hokino?” Lucas shot back.
“There was not one of us that could have gone into that cave with him.”
“But I would have gone anyway.”
“No, Lucas, you would have died,” Dylan said.
“That is not the point.”
“It is, you cannot protect him just by standing at his side. You cannot face down one of those brutes and protect Dylan. And, Lucas, they will see you and come for you.”
“It’ll be alright, Lucas,” Dylan said. “Me and my Dad are separated, but I know he is in safe hands.”
Lucas nodded.
“By thunder, very well. I suppose my axe needs some time out.”
“Come then, those dragons draw closer,” Bell said. “Send in the Dragonriders and we will all meet in Chinerthia,” Bell said.
“I am here, I saw the dragons,” Btolomy said.
“Very good, I hand you command,” Bell said.
“I accept it,” Btolomy nodded slightly. “You must hurry, the Rafastians mean you must hasten, they steal our surprise.”
CHAPTER XXXII

The Shadow Ranger went first into the fray, with Bell following and Dylan between them. It was absolutely terrifying; all around him were men and women fighting, swords clashed and blood sprayed. The noise of metal upon metal; the shrieks of the wounded and dying, the roars of those attacking were deafening. This, along with his not being as tall as the fighters, made a horrifying claustrophobia and he tried his best to cling to Mattaeus’ clothes with one hand from fear of being lost.
 This wasn’t how he had imagined it at home with his knights. When he had played he had never thought about the pain, he had never thought of soldiers lying on the ground, clutching wounds and writhing in agony. The bad guys were killed by the good guys because they were bad and they deserved it, but these people were, well, people. Were they really bad or were they just soldiers doing what they were told? Didn’t they know that they were the bad guys? Why didn’t they just stop fighting, why didn’t they just let the good guys win without fighting and dying?
The Shadow Ranger was there, attacking Chinerthians and their screams were the loudest; did he think about this? He fought a lot of people; did he like it or hate it? Did he even think about it? Did he just think of the bigger picture; that getting to Chinerthia and stopping the Black Queen was more important than these lives? Was anything more important than someone’s life? But then the Black Queen had killed many people, had made even more people’s lives miserable. This was her fault not theirs.
And then the sounds of battle were drowned out and Dylan looked up to see the dragons, the Rafastians, flapping their great wings to hover over the fighting. Then they moved, some up, some back and some forward as more dragons, the Wadasthiams with their Dragonriders, came flying in to attack. His dad was up there somewhere and he didn’t like to think of him up there fighting with dragons. It was too dangerous. It was all too dangerous he thought as Bell pushed him forward.
%%%
Bell was also worried as he fought through the battle; the fighting was as intense as it was evenly matched, thought the Damned Company rallied at his passing, fighting harder. It was like waves lapping at the shore; constantly moving back and forth and now the same was happening above them as the dragons attacked each other with claw and tooth. The downdraft from their wings made both walking and fighting even harder as they pushed through the melee. None of this, however, was at the front of his mind. He was focussed on Dylan and his safety, but his mind was on Tocoda. Where was she in all of this? Was she safe or lying in her own blood the same as those they passed? He shook the thought from his mind; she could look after herself, probably better than he could look after himself.
Suddenly everyone ducked in mid-fight as a dragon fell from the sky and managed to find it’s wings just before it crashed to the ground, flattening them all. The Shadow Ranger was up first and Bell shoved Dylan up and towards him before staggering up himself. Mattaeus grabbed the boy and started forward as all those around them struggled up and quickly raised their swords to strike or block before they were struck first. And so the fighting quickly resumed. It had meant that the three of them had made more ground quicker and it also meant that they had been spotted.
“Bell,” Tocoda shouted, deflecting a blow, but leaving the Chinerthian to another red cloak as she trotted towards them.
“You are safe,” he said with relief.
“As are you,” she smiled and looked at Dylan. “You head to the Portal.”
“Yes, it is time, we cannot lose more troops and we have lost our advantage in the dragons.”
She nodded.
“Come,” Mattaeus urged crossly and they continued on.
They were nearly to the other side of the fighting and across Pelagrey Fields they could see the Portal.
%%%
Lucas was not happy at leaving Dylan in the care of others, but Bell was right, he could trust them to do the right thing. From where he had stood with Bell he could see that the fighting was even, that no one was winning, but he could also see those large brutes in armour and he had to admit to himself that he was eager to get into battle when the Shadow Ranger had reappeared.
Now his giant axe cut a swathe through the Chinerthians until he came to one of these brutes and as his axe fell the Chinerthian swept up an equally large sword to block it. Both weapons vibrated with the shock as the brute pulled his sword away and Lucas brought his axe down and across to block the next strike. As he did so he rammed his shoulder into the brute’s chest and shoved him back before bringing his axe around and taking off one of the brute’s legs as his axe found a gap in the armour. He felt bad at leaving the man to die a slow death and quickly dispatched him before moving on to the next armoured soldier he could see.
Above him he knew the dragons were fighting as their great shadows swept over the battlefield, but he did not look up. He cut a path through the combatants, knowing that they had little time left to reach the Portal unnoticed, and now here was another of these armoured brutes. There was a red cloak and a Damned soldier both fighting it (he could not see if it was a man or woman) without much success. As he approached the red cloak was canny enough to move around so that the brute, following her, turned his back to Lucas and he took the opportunity to club the brute on the helmet with the flat of his axe before bringing the handle down and using it to sweep the brutes legs from under it. He moved on.
It was important to defeat the Chinerthians here, even though the plan was for a retreat, but Lucas was not worried about the battle, he fought because he had been asked to, he fought to get through to the other side and Dylan.
He swatted a soldier away with the flat of his axe before another brute stepped in his way.
“A worthy foe on this battlefield?” the Chinerthian asked.
“Out of my way,” Lucas growled.
“Only my death will see you pass.”
“So be it.”
Lucas leapt forward, raising his axe and the brute clashed at it with his sword. They were locked for enough time for Lucas to see the brute’s eyes behind the helmet. Where he expected hard glints of evil, he saw soft eyes, almost sad, that were at odds with the brute’s talk. It took him off-guard just long enough for the brute to break the deadlock and bring his sword down and across to slash at Lucas’ side. Lucas spun the axe upside down just in time to block it and then shoved the end of the handle up and under the helmet to strike the brute under the chin. He staggered back as Lucas swung his axe the right way up and went for the kill, but the brute raised his sword in time to block it. He pushed forward and Lucas skidded back until he managed to dig his heels in. They pushed back and forth with their weapons.
“We are evenly matched.”
“Then let us call it a day,” Lucas said.
“Very funny.”
“I spend my days with comedians,” Lucas grunted as he pushed against the brute’s sword.
“Not good ones.”
“No.”
“Perhaps in a different time we could have sparred together, fought together,” the brute said.
“I do not love war like you, all it brings is death and sadness.”
“Strength and honour.”
“True strength is not found in a man’s arm.”
The brute barked a laugh.
“Man’s hearts are weak, as I will show you.”
The brute suddenly pulled back letting Lucas’ axe fall forward with momentum and raised his sword, bringing it in to cut off Lucas’ head. Lucas used all his might to arch his back and bring up his axe. As the sword neared his neck he spun the axe in his hand and sliced right, decapitating the brute before diving to the left to avoid the sword.
He staggered up as the brute collapsed to his knees and toppled over.
“The strength of the arm comes from the strength of the heart.”
%%%
Above the battlefield Kaitlin rode upon Ernen as Connor rode Eathwaite. Kaitlin commanded Ernen who projected his voice inside the heads of the other dragons and their riders, but it was up to each Dragonrider to make split second decisions in the heat of battle. 
And so it was that the dragons dived and whirled, soared and spun; claws and teeth were used to fight as well as fire balls if it was safe to do so. The Rafastians, however, were just outnumbered, they would have been moreso, but Kaitlin kept some dragons back to hide their true numbers. They also were riderless, they were feral and angry and full of hate for the Wadasthiams that would ruin the good thing they had. They were not used to actually fighting. With the Wadasthiams in hiding there had not been anyone they could not easily overpower in a long time. The same was true for their enemy, but they had human riders on them, people who had been fighting, people who knew tactics rather than force.
The Rafastians were finding that, as they attacked one Wadasthiam, another would come and attack it from behind. Dragons would dodge out of the way only for another to be waiting to strike from behind it and so the Rafastians fought wildly, with no plan other than snapping at the Wadasthiams. Worse still, the riders carried swords that they also used. Some of the older Rafastians would remember the days of the Dragonriders, but there were only a couple in this fight that did and it made them afraid, afraid that new ways were coming and that once again they were on the back step.
Kaitlin could see that the battle was on their side; the Rafastians would flee soon enough if they were wise. She could see Connor in the midst of the battle, his Air Blade shining as if the Sun had caught the metal. As Eathwaite swooped under a dragon, Connor brought his blade up and cut into its stomach. It did little damage to the great beast, but more than an ordinary sword and Kaitlin was amazed how easy it was to wield as he flew. The wind and slipstream made it difficult to wield a sword effectively from the back of a moving dragon, especially when they twisted and turned, dived and soared. It would take a lot of time and practice to become a true and effective Dragonrider.
Ernen dived and then swooped left as a Rafastian shot a fire ball at him and another dragon, Delinda she thought, swooped in and slapped it across the head with her tail. Kaitlin could see that the Rafastians were becoming increasingly frustrated and wild in their attacks, but also slower, more tired. It was time for a push and she communicated that to Ernen who agreed with her.
The Wadasthiams and their riders swooped around and around until they had the Rafastians between themselves and the Portal from whence the Rafastians had come and they pushed forwards as one. The Rafastians were forced back, but tried to attack. They were too tired and too uncoordinated to do much though and found themselves being hounded by the Wadasthiams. Connor and Eathwaite went solo, harassing the Rafastians from the sides, top and bottom so that they could not counterattack effectively.
It was over in another five minutes as the Rafastians realised that they could not win and needed to choose another place, another time, and turned and fled.
Eathwaite, Ernen and two others gave chase, but this was really to cover Eathwaite and Ernen landing and letting Connor and Kaitlin dismount and head to the Portal. The two dragons quickly took off again and the four of them turned and headed back.
Now that the Rafastians had fled, the Chinerthian army became afraid of the dragons, but were amazed to see that they did not rejoin the fight, but flew off as well. It was at this point that the soldiers they fought also began to back away. Began to fight back to their lines as in retreat. The Chinerthians were beaten and bloodied and realised the best thing would be to let them go and reinforce their own army. No doubt these Sophoins would go to the Five Towns and they could be found and destroyed there. As the troops fell back there were orders shouted to chase after them, but one of the larger dragons came swooping back and even those that wished to follow and fight decided to let them go.
CHAPTER XXXIII

From: The Complete History of the Four Worlds, The Battle of Naewton’s Plain.
By Japlan

It should be noted that this was, after a chance encounter, the first part of the history of the Four Worlds I ever witnessed and wrote about. It was from here that I began documenting what happened through the ‘Rebellion Against the Black Queen’ and afterwards I was able to interview many people who had been a part of it’s beginnings. It was from here that I began my lifelong pursuit of writing a complete history of the Four Worlds, gaining access to many hidden libraries to make it so.
But you already know this, unless you have opened this book at this very page. This was not my point in writing this little passage. My point was to note that my ability as a writer has come a long way and I could have rewritten this account, but I have decided to leave it as it was written after the battle. In the appendices I shall add a copy of my original notes that I felt compelled to write down as I watched the battle unfold beneath me.
%%%
I sit on a low hill above the plain as the two armies stand in their lines. They are big, bigger than I could have imagined. We have not seen any type of war since before I was born, the Chinerthians have total power and any thought of rebellion is destroyed before it can get further than one or two people. It is said that their Magicians can read the thoughts of men and women who think of rebellion or any such thing and they are killed before they can even speak their thoughts. I believed this as a child, but now wonder if this can be true. Was it just a tale to keep us in line? Surely if it was true then this army could never have been formed. It is from Sylvae; that I have been told, though I would not have recognised the flags if I had not been. They are of the True King of Sylvae and that flag has not been flown for a long time.
The two armies have many men; so many that from this distance they are just a solid block stretching, it seems to me, to the horizon. They both have archers and cavalry and both seem to be organised the same way. The Sylvaen army, however, looks a little different; there are people in different clothes, rougher clothes, all together. That is all I can make out at this distance, but I see one man, a big man on a horse dressed in furs and armour who seems to be in charge of them. I look for the True King, but he is probably in one of the small tents that are set up behind each enemy’s lines.
Now something is happening, three people from each side are riding into the middle, I know not what the meaning of this is, but they seem to be talking. Could it be peace? That seems strange now that they have their armies formed, would they not talk peace before it came to this? If that is what it is then it has not worked as the big man in furs and his two companions are riding back, as are the Chinerthians.
The battle has begun, it has been going on for a while and I have not written anything as I have not had the strength to do so. I have been enchanted in the sickening, bloody dance that goes on before me. The sky has been thick and dark with arrows from both sides, but there are few now. The Sun has moved a good distance from when the battle started, but I have not noticed the time pass. It is difficult to tell the Sylvaens from the Chinerthians in the battle and what is left of the cavalries continue to rush in and out, but there are many dead horses and even more soldiers.
The battle is too big to end quickly, but it does seem that the Sylvaens have the upper hand. Volunteers from the nearby town of Pavilli’s Gate had been formed into a magical unit and there was another one, even stronger, and they were hidden until later in the battle when they were unleashed, using magic like artillery, and catching the Chinerthian flanks off-guard. Slowly, but surely the Sylvaens seemed to be winning, but it was only from my vantage point that I could see such a slight advantage. That was until something better than Magicians arrived, something that jolted me into writing again.
Dragons appeared from the direction of the Portal, could they have been the ones I saw earlier in the day? It was hard to tell from the distance, but it can be said that in my few years before (note: and all my years and adventures afterwards), I have never seen such a spectacular sight as the sight of those dragons swooping in in formation, emblazoned by the rays of the Sun. The battle did not last long after that, the Chinerthians had managed to protect their camp behind the lines (as had the Sylvaens), but the dragons made short work of it as well as picking out the Chinerthian cavalry. The Sylvaen army began to pull back, away from the Chinerthians, and it seemed to me that the great man in the furs may have spread this order. Either way, the Sylvaens were trying to separate themselves from the Chinerthians and the Chinerthians knew why. There was panic in their ranks as they became targets for the dragons and many were run down by the cavalry as the tried to flee. Still more were burnt by dragon fire as they tried to leave until a horn blew. It is my understanding (note: which has since been shown to be right) that it was a signal to leave the Chinerthians to flee, not to kill fleeing men and women. No doubt they would not be left to roam and regroup, but for now the Battle of Naewton’s Plain was over and the True King’s army was ready to advance to the Portal and to Sophoi.
EPILOGUE

The Black Queen was furious. With those who worked for her, those that she had aligned herself with, but most of all with herself. The extent to her deception was now clear. A portal had been opened. She could only assume it was he had done it though she didn’t know how. There wasn’t a chapter in the Book entitled ‘opening portals’ and though it spoke at great length on them, she was obviously missing something.
Well, that was a truth.
She had been missing too much for too long and now she was in a scramble to keep ahead of the curve. She knew it must have been him as he would be the only one that could have kept it hidden from her. Well, no longer, but what did it mean? Obviously it had changed the Balance and she now knew there were those that were exploiting that, exploiting that to stop her and that was her first concern.
The Varkurn were reporting back of a small group spearheading the approaching army from Sylvae and there were two things that bothered her. How had they got so far? Who were they that they had such ability? The Varkurn spoke of the Shadow Ranger and she knew that they both hated and feared him and it caused her worry. She had never known anyone to be able to stand against her Varkurn, perhaps it was because of the Balance.
That was another worry, she knew enough about the Worlds and the Balance to know that she held the position she did because of a change to the Balance; if it had changed again was she in a weaker position? Was this group able to succeed because the Balance was now tipped against her? Well, she still had the Book and that would give her the edge she needed. She was in a position to step forward and take more power, a position she did not think Nargel was in. This was surely not his plan, to let strong forces grow across the Worlds; for her defeat. The Book, yes he wanted it, but he would not get it like this. No, something had gone wrong and that meant Nargel was weak. Yes, she knew this now, knew he was hobbled in ways that he did not let on. She could see a through line, but it meant taking care of this rebellion first.
It did not bother her as she knew that her Chinerthians were ever ready for war and the other worlds had been cowardly slaves for so many years. They were no match. This small band led by the Shadow Ranger, they were the fire that ignited the rebellion, she would snuff them out and the rest would fall. Yes, even now she thought they were in Chinerthia, enemy territory, the best place for their swift defeat.
As for the Portal to Earth? Here, deep down, doubt nagged at her once again. She didn’t like not knowing how or why it had been opened and she liked less that those that had been sent to secure it had not come back, in fact the last group that had been sent to view the area had reported heads on spikes throughout the trees there. Someone was guarding the Portal, someone who had even managed to take down her Varkurn. It was too much, it was enough! This would end.
A messenger knocked and entered, handing her a note and scurrying out of the door. So her army had been defeated in Hokino. She felt the boiling anger rise in her, but smothered it with ice cool. She had not taken the threat seriously enough, but now she would amass her full force. If they were to reach Chinerthia they would have to pass through the oceans of Sophoi and would be sunk by her navy. Any that made it would find an army beyond compare ready to meet them. And if they won? If they made it onto Chinerthian soil? Then they would find a whole World ready to destroy them.
Let them come, let them all come.
She would stand atop the pile of their broken bodies before long and then her sights would be set to the Dark World and a reign that would never end.
WELCOME TO THE LIBRARY OF THE UNIVERSES

WHAT IS THE LIBRARY?
The Library was built at the centre of the Multiverse and contains histories, biographies, treaties and stories from all the Universes. Particularly those involving the likes of the Righteous, the King Imminent and those that play their parts in this wider story such as the Ten Kingdoms and the Five Worlds.
Read the books and you will find clues and truths of this greater story within them. But beware that you don’t’ gain too much knowledge as knowledge is power and power gets you noticed by dark and terrible beings.

THE BOOKS
Each book is written to be read as a single story (or series), but there are overlaps so that the more books you read the more information you build of other stories.
Not only that, but they gradually build a bigger picture, a meta-narrative, a greater tale of good vs evil.
Find them at Smashwords here:
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/DangerousWalker

FACEBOOK
Join the fun at: 
www.facebook.com/dangerous.w
or get news, updates and message the author at:
https://www.facebook.com/pages/The-Walkerverse/220839738099078

THE VIDEOS
“Extracts with Dangerous” is a series of (comedic) videos where the author reads extracts from his books as well as poems, songs and how to tie a bowtie.
Have a watch here:
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5_wfTGLScjma4IxmF9nB0A

TWITTER
Everything above ends up on the feed so go here to keep informed:
https://twitter.com/DangerousWalke1
