The Adventures of Captain R.Redbear 

Copyright 2017 Rhyno Janse Van Rensburg 
Published by Rhyno Janse Van Rensburg at Smashwords



Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Table of Contents

Chapter 1- Growing up
Chapter 2- Our first day out at sea
Chapter 3- Back on land
Chapter 4- The new adventure
Chapter 5- The end of the earth at last
Chapter 6- The encounter
Chapter 7- Back home
Chapter 8- Island of roses
Chapter 9- First day stranded
Chapter 10- The ambush
Chapter 11- Restoring the balance
Chapter 12- The introduction
Chapter 13- Sunlight at last
Chapter 14- Nearing completion
Chapter 15- Good News from the sea king
Chapter 16- Romans crew return
Chapter 17- A joyful reunion
Chapter18- The confrontation 
Chapter 19- Giving Jacqueline back her powers and a second chance
Chapter 20- Retrieving back beards body and head
Chapter 21- The spells get cast
Chapter 22- Romans plans change
Chapter 23- Presenting the flag
About the author
To be expected by Rhyno Janse Van Rensburg
Connect with Rhyno Janse Van Rensburg
CHAPTER 1 - GROWING UP

The date was August the 6th1601 when I was born, my name is Roman Red Beard and I was to be the world’s most horrific pirate ever to sail the seven seas...
On my 5th birthday I went to the harbour bright and early, I decided to climb to the top of the crow’s nest on one of the ships- it was on none other than the Katherine Jones. So I say to me self “I’ll be sailing one of these beauty’s one day.” “You can bet your bottom dollar on that lad.” Said a voice behind me. When I turned around I saw that it was my old friend captain Jim, so he said; “My sailing days are over son, especially the adventures I had. But yours are still yet to come, well then seen as it be ye birthday lad I’m going to give you a map to a magical island with my buried treasure. I would never give this to anybody but you ‘cause you lad have a spirit of adventure inside of you-a lot of my foes are after the map, keep it secret and don’t show it to anybody.”
“Don’t worry about a thing my good old friend.” I said. When I turned around I noticed that he was already gone, so I climbed down from the crow’s nest and headed off home. After the conversation we had I didn’t see him again for a long time, a few weeks went by and still I didn’t hear of or see him. So I decided to go to his house and see what the hell was going on... When I got there I saw that he was very sick and it looked as if he was busy dying, I saw the life fading out of him and his eyes were dim and I wasn’t used to seeing him like this-my good old friend captain Jim.
So he called me closer and gave me his most prized possession-his knife, made from the strongest and purist metal forged by the old original sea hag and the handle was made from rich oak and had a varnished finish to it. Before he died he told me that he would always be with me in my heart and with that he drew his last and final breathe. The very next morning I gave him a private burial behind his house, when I was done I took his young parrot and a few other things that were of value and oh I named the bird captain Jim-my best friend.
As I headed off home I saw a cave that I knew really well, it was called pirates cove. So I made sure that nobody was watching before I turned down the path toward the cave, now from a young age I could and still can see very well in the dark so I didn’t really need a fire torch. When I got to the cave entrance I noticed that the tide was pushing in so I had to make haste. I took everything that I had taken from Jim’s place and into the cave I went and stuck it into a secret compartment in the wall of the cave that I had made so that nobody could take anything.
The only things I took home with me were the map, the parrot and the knife Jim gave me... When I got home I noticed a very distinct smell of smoked salmon which of course was my favorite, so before I opened the door to go inside I hid the map under my shirt. When I walked inside I saw father busy drinking red rum straight from out of the bottle, even though he drank almost every night he was never violent towards us. Although my mother didn’t really like his drinking and getting totally drunk, she still stood by him and they both loved each other so very much...
Bright and early the next morning father and I went fishing and while our line was in the water he gave me something that was wrapped up in a leather like pouch and it was very valuable to him- it was granddads old telescope and when he gave it to me he spoke and said; “Son I already know about Jim and the things you took and what he gave you, you don’t have to hide things from me- to be honest is always best and I know about the map he gave you and don’t fret your secret is safe with me son.” “Thanks father I really appreciate.”
I felt quite comfortable inside knowing that I didn’t have to hide anything from my father, although I still wonder how he knew about the map and other things that I never told him about... 
As I lay asleep Jims spirit woke me up, of course I got a fright at first but then he spoke and said; “Don’t be afraid it is only me, I have come to tell you how your father knows all he should and things he shouldn’t know.” Suddenly I heard my father’s footsteps coming toward my room and before I knew it Jim had vanished into the night. Just then my father walked in and asked me the question I knew he was going to ask... “Who were you talking to my boy?” “I just had a dream of Jim when he was still alive father, I’m sorry if I woke you.” “Its ok son, just keep it down because you know what the people in this town is like, good night son.” “Goodnight old man.”
When my father walked out, I waited for about ten minutes for him to sleep and when the snoring started that was the signal I needed. So I got dressed and climbed out my window and made my way to Jims house and that’s where I met her... the sea witch aka sea hag. We looked each other in the eyes and then she spoke, “You look like somebody who owes me his soul, He-he-he!!!” “I’m just looking for something I had lost here the other day.” “What exactly did you lose my boy?” I kept my mouth shut because I was afraid of her for I had heard many a story about her... whoever she was and I knew what she was capable of doing. So I walked through Jims gate and stood by his grave and said; “Jim I Need You Right Now.”
Then just like that out of nowhere he appeared to me and started to tell me the story... “Well you see Roman she is after your father’s soul because about 10 yrs ago before you were even born your father got involved with Vikings even though your mother begged him not to go he was stubborn to the boot. So that year everything was smooth sailing until the one fateful night when they met the sea hag for the first time, but she isn’t the first one.” “Tell me more Jim.” “Well I tell ye all the crew got confused and started to panic all except one man... your father, although he had one weakness, he couldn’t resist a challenge  and she knew that already. 
So she shouted out loud ‘I challenge you to a duel, a duel to determine whether you get to keep your soul when you die.’ And naturally your father said ‘I accept, what is it we have to do?’ there was a twinkle in her eyes as she said “We have to play a fiddle to see who is the best fiddle player out at sea and I also play upon the lands” “I haven’t played in 15yrs but we can get it on in Tortuga ‘cause land is my strength.”
It took them about 3hrs to get to Tortuga which back then was a sanctuary for pirates but now it’s like changed a lot but any way, when they got there they set anchor halfway toward the land.” “And so what happened next?” “Well they got into a long boat and rowed onward to land then the witch asked him if he was ready, so he nodded and told her to give it her best and then he went one step further and asked her for her name. 
So she said ‘Well then if I tell you my name you will have to give up something of value to you to me so that we can stay in touch.’ So your father gave her an amulet that he had made from volcanic rock then she said her name was Katherine Jones. So the contest began, first up was Katherine... she said to your father after her was your fathers turn. The song she played was almost like a lullaby because it was so sweet it made him think of his father who used to play for him when he was a child.
His memories of his childhood came flooding back to him like the waves of the ocean on a stormy day... then finally the hag was done and she handed the bow and fiddle to your father and said; ‘Are you ready James? For you only have one shot at this.’ So James took the fiddle from the hag and said with a straight face; “I was born ready.” And he looked her in the eyes and added; “This one is for my father, who could not be here with me today so that I could make him proud.”
Just as his words were said there was a crash of lightning and thunder and there stood ye old grand pappy next to his son James and said; “Here I am son make me proud even though I am already proud of you. And you Katherine leave my son alone!!!” “But aren’t you forgetting something Scott? He is my son as well as yours, or did you forget the day we met, well the cat is out of the bag now if ye know what I mean.” Your fathers jaw nearly hit the ground when he heard that bit of news argh he-he-he.
Then your pappy decided to do the unthinkable, he took the bow and twisted a few strands of his long hair and tuned the fiddle in and started to play, the harmony that came out of that fiddle was so spectacular, that even the creatures of the land and sea came out to listen and even the sea calmed itself and the wind became a whisper. Now Katherine became so enraged because James her son whom she never got the chance to know was winning because she was a witch. She couldn’t take the pain any longer so she shouted from the top of her voice; “STOP.” Then just like that the fiddle snapped right through the middle... it was over, your father had lost because he didn’t listen to the voice inside within his conscience. He thought that if he could beat the witch he could beat anybody and that was his downfall, because of that he was now in debt with his own mother...
“It’s true my son, hello Jim I knew you would eventually tell him about me and how I know a lot of things I sometimes shouldn’t know.” “It is good that we could clear the air to the mysteries surrounding the family.” That night when we were walking home I noticed that I couldn’t really get over from what I heard especially knowing that a witch was part of the family, it is good and bad all at once and confusing if you can grasp what I am saying...
When I awoke the next day I had a sudden urge to go down to pirates cove, so I set off really early that morning, it was ‘bout 2hrs before the sun was going to rise from behind the sea... I took my fishing gear, my parrot and the map and knife Jim gave me. When I got there I happened upon a small boat at the entrance of the cave, it was right then when I realized that somebody had the same urge as what I had. So I decided that I was going to surprise them people in the cave, in other words scare them off out of my cave.
Just then I saw Jim standing next to me so he said; “I hear you want to frighten the people out of the cave hey.” “Of course I do because it is my cave and I am not in the mood to share it yet alone all my swag inside.” “That’s the spirit lad-take no prisoners if ye know what I mean.” Before I knew it Jim had vanished into thin air as per usual. So I entered the cave and even though I could see very well in the dark, today it seemed much darker than usual. 
It was at that precise moment that I saw the two people at about three meters ahead looking for buried treasure that other pirate folk left behind, then I spoke in a creepy voice saying; “What are you doing inside my cave, I’m giving you about 10scnds to leave or else... I will have you for my dinner ha-ha-ha-ha...” before I could say anything else they went out of the cave screaming blue murder, it was none other than the twin brothers Jimmy and Jim those two were afraid of almost everything. I couldn’t help myself but laugh at them because they always put on brave faces when they were around other people, but we were all good friends and like brothers no matter what came our way...

CHAPTER 2 - OUR FIRST DAY OUT AT SEA

It was on the day of my 10th birthday that I was taken to the harbour not knowing what was in store for me ‘cause I was blindfolded, then I was told to point out what ship I wanted for my birthday. I hesitated and then finally I made up my mind, and with that I pointed and the blindfold was taken off and I was pointing toward the Katherine Jones and at that moment I felt my grandmothers presence there.( after all the ship was named after her.) so I decided to climb aboard in order to feel the wood, sails, rigging and masts. She was damaged quite badly because nobody wanted to even climb aboard or fix her up and keep her ship, shape and clean.
 After people had learned the story behind which the ship was named after, nobody wanted to even set sail on her ever again until now for I captain Roman red beard was going to be captain of the vessel that sailors abandoned... It took me about four hours with a little help from me best friends- Jack, tiny, Brandon and of course the twins Jimmy and Jim, “all she needs now is another coat of varnish and then we can sail her in the calmer waters in the harbour mates or ye shall work thee plank.” Everybody went ghostly white when they heard me say ‘walk the plank’ for they have heard many a story from the old folk from the seas, so I told them to relax for was just kidding or was I.
As we were waiting for the last coat of varnish to dry we decided right there and then to make a pact or covenant between the 6 of us to never ever spill the beans about anything, even if we were captured. It was about three hours before the sun went down, we took her out for a test run but before we could do that we needed to hoist the anchor out of the water and for the six of us you could imagine how heavy it was. So we decided to call on the help of the older people in the harbour to come and help us haul the anchor out the water.
When the anchor was finally up I decided to tell the mates to drop the sails down so that we could sail around the port at first, and then we could take her out a little further although not too far because anything could happen. On our way back I noticed that in the distance there was an old lady standing at the edge of the wall in the port on the platform, immediately what came to my mind was that she was in trouble, so it was there and then I decided to put the vessel closer to the wall and I just missed it, so I dropped anchor and told the crew to tie up the ship and roll up the sails and to make sure everything was ship shape condition.
I climbed off the Katherine Jones to go and look for the old lady I saw from a far, my friends thought I was crazy and said that we all should go home, eat something, wash ourselves and get into bed early because the next day was going to be a bash-indeed it would be.
The very next day I woke up bright and early and decided to go to port hoping to find something interesting, indeed I did-in the distance I saw the same old lady I saw yesterday. Although today she seemed to be singing a song I have never heard before it was a song about the sea and everything that passes through it, above it and everything that lives in her. This was how the words went: as I look out toward the waters so blue I think of old king Neptune so miserable beneath the ocean so blue.
To all the boats and ships and souls that still wander these waters at night away out of sight from the rest of the world which they knew and loved. To the fish and every creature that lives beneath the surface of this great work of art, knowing that one day we will all be one. And someday these words might be sung again to appreciate the wonders of the sea.
Straight after she sung those words she turned around and looked me straight in the eyes and said; “How long have you been standing there son?” “Not long, but long enough to hear you sing so beautifully!” “Why thank you young man or should I call you roman.” It was there and then when I knew who she was; as I walked closer toward her I noticed it was Katherine Jones or in other words my grandmother. Then I spoke and said; “Grandma Katherine how are you this morning?” “Oh you know how it goes my boy, I’m getting slightly older than usual and grey, although I am still young at heart my child.”
“Well I was thinking, if you would- would you like to join us when we go out to sea with the ship today I would really be overjoyed if you could?” “Thank you for the offer my child, but I think I’d rather give it a skip because you know what your father would say if he were to see me with you during the day.”
“Ok fine, then we will make it tonight and I am not taking no for an answer you are family no matter what. Then that way nobody will see you tonight, we can meet at Jim’s place.” “Jim’s place sounds fine by me, till tonight my child.” “Till tonight then.”
Just as we were finished speaking I had noticed that the harbour was starting to get very busy than usual which to me was very strange on a Friday. On me way home I bumped into a familiar face that I knew very well, it was none other than Vincent Montgomery, one of Captain Jim’s notorious foes. Luckily he didn’t recognise me, he looked at me and me at him he looked me up and down, and frowned, scratched his head and then he walked off mumbling to himself in a confused manor.
Then I decided to leave the harbour and go to jacks house to see if he was awake. When I got there he was very busy eating breakfast, so I did what I do best-I went in and made myself at home and joined jack for breakfast.
Now every weekend I would do this, I would go to at least one of my friends houses and sometimes I would help them with doing their chores so that we could do things what us guys do best...go fishing, swimming, tell stories and now a new hobby-sailing and plundering or salvaging.
Before we knew it, it was already time for the sun to go to sleep and for the moon and stars to come out and take their place in the night sky and churn the waters ever so slightly.
When darkness fell I first went to my place to have a bathe, eat something and finally wait for my folks to fall asleep and then hit the road. When I got to Jim’s place the witch was waiting for me ever so patiently, although tonight she looked so beautiful that I hardly recognised her.
She smiled at me and asked; “Are you ready Roman?” “Of course I am ready, let’s go me lady.” So that very night I felt so secure than I ever felt before, it was as if my great grand pappy were right there, I knew for a fact that Katherine Jones had a good heart but something very bad must have happened to her a very long time ago.
Before I went back to the docks I decided to go around to the island of memories to relax a little bit and to stretch our legs and feel the sea sand in-between our toes and to eat the coconuts that fell from the trees on the island of memories. Slowly but surely dawn was breaking so we had to make haste before they saw us coming in the docks otherwise if they saw Katherine, they would surely execute her as they did to the other witches in the past.
We left just in the nick of time, we were both very lucky because if they knew she was my grandma they would hunt us all down for sure and I wasn’t and couldn’t let that happen to us all. So we said our goodbyes and then I ran off home before my folks woke up, and I snuck back into bed and fell fast asleep for about at least 2hrs.
When I awoke from those 2hrs of sleep I felt well rested and ready to face a brand new day. So I made my way to the kitchen and there I saw my mum preparing a feast for breakfast, and you could only imagine what she was making... it was eggs (a whole lot of them) plus a whole chicken that was stuffed to the brim of all the good things you can think off and best of all-a whole fresh pot of coffee. So I asks me mum; “What be the occasion mum?” “Well today is the day all your friends come over for breakfast or have you forgotten hmmm?” 
“Of course not mum, should I go and call them?” “Not at all, they’re nearly here.” I could hardly believe my ears or eyes for I thought they had forgotten but funny enough they didn’t. Before we ate our feast we stood around the table and said thanks for the good food round the table to the creator for life and everything else that was good and for our families.
After the hearty breakfast I had a sudden urge to go down to the harbour, I couldn’t resist even though I knew that I had work to do. So I and my mates decided to clean up everything as quickly and neatly as possible and then go down to the harbour. So tiny, Jack, Brandon, jimmy, Jim and I went down to the docks to see what the urge was all about, and that’s when we saw “Him” the great king Neptune himself had risen from the depths demanding to speak with me about something.
Both I and my crew had to go with him into the depths of the ocean so that he could speak with us in person, it was right there and then that me and my crew had to make a decision that could change our lives for a very long time. So we agreed to go with him to his underwater kingdom, ‘cause like my old friend captain Jim and my father, I was ready for an adventure no matter what the circumstances were, my crew and I were always prepared for the inevitable.
Lucky for us Mr Neptune took a liking to us because we lads always wanted to know what it looks like (underwater kingdom). He called for his underwater chariot and we all sat down in it and slowly we started to submerge into the water and we went on a journey that our children and our children’s children would hear about our adventures of the seven seas.
As we went down I thought to myself that if I could create a bond with the king of the sea, that I could change history or even make history. Imagine that, a kid of a pirate that was destined to be the worlds’ most talked about pirate ever well let’s not forget my crew. Funny enough I noticed that we could breathe and talk under the water just like we could on land, so we sat back and enjoyed the tour wow it was so majestically beautiful. Now before we knew it we had arrived at the underwater city, countless nights I dreamt of seeing this place and here me and my friends were getting a once in a lifetime opportunity.
Now let me give you a bit of a description of what the walls looked like: the barrier wall was made up of old broken ships and coral which were indestructible and there was a dome around the city. Ah the great city of the sea, now you see nobody really ever thought of going deep into the heart of the ocean except for me, my father and my crew.
Now when we got inside the city itself, I saw that it was just like the cities on the shore except for the fact that it was more radiant and more abundant in life and it was quiet and peaceful. Now to cut a long story short we went into Neptune’s boardroom which had been set up for a meeting for at least 7 people, for it was only I, Jim, Jimmy, jack, tiny and Brandon.
Just then Neptune walked in and said; “Please take a seat and make your selves at home. I suppose you are all wondering why I called you down here, well the reason is quite simple- I’ve been watching you guys very closely.” “How can you watch us if you have never been on land?” “Well the answer is quite simple really, I can also walk on land disguised as a human but the reason I have called you all down is because I found out that at birth all six of you are the six chosen riders of the sea- the entire ocean.” 
“But why us sir?” “Someday when the time is right you will all understand, before I take you all back to the surface I am giving each one of you a special medallion so that anytime you need something from the depths or just want to escape, just let your medallion submerge in the water and let it do its thing.” “Well thank you very much, we will look after them and keep them together in a safe place because we don’t know what these medallions are capable of doing.” “Wise decision, right let’s get you lads back to the surface before they think something awful has happened to you lads.”
On our way back to the surface I noticed that Neptune looked at me with a smile and whispered to me and said; “You are destined for greatness and the decision you made today shows me that you are very wise and I can see that you have a heart of gold.” “Thank you very much sir...”

CHAPTER 3 - BACK ON LAND

As we rose from the water we saw that almost everybody was standing, watching and waiting for us to arise, their eyes were so fixed on us that we actually felt as if we were ghosts raised from the depths of the water for after many years...
As we stepped on land we felt that we had so much energy that we could do anything that was virtually and humanly impossible. It was at that moment that I decided to break the silence, so I reached into me pocket and took out my old harmonica and then I played a tune that most of the seaman knew, a tune that was very calming and very sweet to listen to.
The tune that was played was the sound of the sea, and it could be played by so many instruments such as the penny whistle, flute, violin or even the banjo. Although, there were no words given to it when the song was made.
When I finished playing that song I was surprised how many people forgot about what they had witnessed earlier and carried on with what they were doing. On our way back home, I told the crew to carry on home because I had a few things to do before the sun went down; otherwise things wouldn’t be the same when we got home...
As the sun was slowly going down I realised that I had to act quick, so I rushed into the cave where it was dry. So I laid the medallions on the ground next to each other and I said these words out loud; “Medallions of the sea hear my plea, in times of trial, love, catastrophe, war and peace may our families not be harmed. So show me the power that lies in us all.” At that moment the medallions started to glow and I could actually feel the energy flowing through the cave and through my body, it was so awesome and scary at the same time, for I have never thought that those medals could have so much power because I was never involved in such a responsibility before...
Just then as I was heading home, my grand pappy Scott, my old friend captain Jim and my grandmother Katharine Jones visited me on the road chuckled slightly and said in one accord; “We are proud of you and your crew for you guys are really the chosen riders of the sea, but we will always be there for you no matter what.”
“Thank you for all that you have taught me because without your knowledge and wisdom I would never have come this far, thank you.”
When I got home I saw my crew were standing outside looking as if they had new energy and each of them had smile on their faces as if they knew what had happened.
As the last bit of sunlight melted behind the sea, we took our hats off our heads and as the sun went out of sight we threw our hats in the air and went into the house to eat some grub that was prepared for us earlier while we were on our adventure. The food was smoked fish, kebabs and yes half a glass of rum to ease the tension-tasted horrible yet we enjoyed it ha-ha-ha-ha.
That very night lads I couldn’t sleep so I wandered off to the harbour and funny enough, my crew couldn’t sleep either. Blimey lads when we got to the port we were startled to see that the water was on fire, we were so shocked that we decided without thinking to call up Neptune to help us put out the blaze or at least give us some advice.
As he came up from the depths we watched in horror as the good king Neptune was placed in a fiery cage by an evil sea hag who was jealous over him and what he could do. We watched in sadness as the great king of the ocean was taken far away to a place that only the elder seamen knew about...a place known only as the island of death... (This wasn’t far from the edge of the world)

 CHAPTER 4 - THE NEW ADVENTURE

Horrified at what they saw and the anger they felt they were determined to find their friend and rescue Neptune for it was now their new goal, but first they had to find Neptune’s human son and his name was believe it or not was Rodger CLAMALOT. Now in order to find him we had to go towards my cave and look for a house that was made out of Giant clam shells hence his surname CLAMALOT.
So we knocked on the door, at first there was no answer but then we heard his deep voice say; “Who’s there, friend or foe?” “Friend of course.” “Good you may enter.” When we entered I looked at almost the spitting image of his father Neptune.
Here is a slight description of our new found friend Rodger: He had long black hair halfway down his back, he had dark blue eyes with a hint of green, he was six feet tall and very muscular, he was twelve years of age and he too had a medallion like ours and he had a body made for water.
The crew and I were busy deciding who and how was going to break the news to Rodger about his dad and that he would have to run the show down in the water and be in charge until we could find his father Neptune.
That’s when I decided to tell him the news and go and save Neptune with my crew and one or two elder sea riders. Before I could say anything he said to me; “Roman, tiny, Jack, Brandon, Jimmy and Jim, I already know why you are here, because you see old captain Jim visited me from the grave and told me that my father got captured by the hag called Jacqueline Bellevere.” “So you know what you must do then right?” “Of course, I was training for this situation for many years, so I know that I am ready for the task that lies ahead, remember because I have powers that are virtually unstoppable comes great responsibility- just remember that guys.” “Don’t worry about that friend; just let me know when you are ready to go to the kingdom under the sea...”
After we left I went home to go and rest for I was exhausted and I didn’t know whether to sleep or just lay there with my eyes closed, not long after I hit the bed I fell into a deep sleep and I woke up in a place that was filled with beings that were very transparent. Just then I saw my grandfather there, so he walked up to me and said; “Don’t be afraid for I have brought you here for a reason.” “And what reason is that?” 
“To tell you everything that needs to be done and who is going to help you on this quest, first I am sending back your friend Captain Jim, your father will help you and then you must go to the harbour and ask for a man by the name of John blue beard- one of the most horrific looking people ever of all times.” 
“How does he look like gramps?” “Much worse than Davy Jones, he has a face that looks like a human but his body is like a deadly creature it was because of a curse put on him as a child. That is why he wears all his clothes or else people would just stare and mock him and that would make the beast within him would want to come out. Plus your grandmother is going with in disguise to help out and take the medallions with for just encase.” 
“So when will Jim be coming back?” “Well first you need to dig up his grave then put a few drops of your blood in his mouth, close your eyes and say Jim Jimmy Joe three times then only will he come back to life.” “Thank you very much.” “Good luck son and goodbye, now wake up...”
So I woke up and packed all the things that I needed for the long journey ahead, went to the cave to take the medallions and dagger and obviously the parrot was with me and then straight to Jim’s place to dig up the rotten corpse. When I turned around I saw the witch standing there behind me and said; “You have to do this right the first time around.” “Thanks grandmother.” So I unwrapped his body, pulled out the dagger, sliced the palm of my hand, opened his mouth and let the blood flow and said three times; “Jim Jimmy Joe, Jim Jimmy Joe, Jim Jimmy Joe.”
Suddenly there was a strong rushing wind blowing followed by crash of lighting and thunder and just like that captain Jim took a deep breath of fresh evening air and said; “OH aye it is good to be back in the land of the living, thank you Roman.” “Aye it only be a pleasure me hearty.” So next stop was to go and call me father who was going with me on this treacherous journey to God knows where. Aye lads when I got home my pappy was good and ready and said his goodbyes to me mum and said; “We don’t know how long this quest will take my love.” “Well just take good care of our son for me and don’t feed him too much rum.” “Oh aye I will take good care of him me lady no need to worry for I think he would be taking care of us ha-ha-ha.”
On our way down to port, I met up with me crew and told them the plan before we got to the docks. Now down at the docks we all went to the dock cabins to go and look for John blue beard AKA THE BEAST, with a bit of luck on our side the first cabin just so happened to belong to him so I knocked...at first there was no answer, then we heard that deep voice uttering; “Enter.”
As we opened the door it made a creaking sound which was creepy and there stood bluebeard himself, at first there was that awkward silence then he spoke and said; “You must be captain red beard.” “Aye indeed I am and I had heard so much about you and it is an honour that you are joining us on this mission.” “Well then kid I appreciate the opportunity to save an old friend.”
Just then Jim and Katherine arrived to join us on the quest of all quests to rescue Neptune. So Jim said; “We leave at dawn so that we know that everything is set in the waters.” We all climbed aboard my ship even though I had a such a small crew we made sure all the sails were with no holes, all the cannonballs were on the brass monkey, the bunks in the cabins were ready for them who needed to sleep, fishing lines with the equipment and nets that go with it and yes the brig had to be ready for any unwanted stowaways that wanted to board my ship.
Just then Rodger came up from the depths and wished us luck for the venture we were on and asked us to please bring his father back safely, and then he mentioned that the witch had a weakness and in time I would know what it was...
As the sun came up, all of us boarded the ship the Katherine Jones. So we all took our positions, I was at the helm and so was captain Jim as standby, jack was in the crow’s-nest, Tiny made sure all the sails that needed to be rolled up were rolled up and tied down, Brandon had to make sure that all the weapons were clean in the powder magazine and that we were ready for anything including the cannons and the twins Jimmy and Jim had to make sure all the stock were fastened down and accounted for and when we docked at any port known or unknown they would have to count stock and inform what was needed.
My father and bluebeard had to make sure all the maps were marked and help us through the dangerous and treacherous parts of the oceans that were uncharted on the maps, but I was always prepared to take a chance, to dice with death, destiny or fate for that matter. And my grandmother had to make sure that every stop trouble would stay out of our way and that we could get the supplies that we needed without any hassles and that we wouldn’t get persecuted. As we set sail I noticed that it was getting dark very quickly but I wasn’t going to let that worry me because I could see pretty well in the dark although none of us were really prepared for what lay ahead for us on our journey.
It wasn’t long after it went dark then there was a sudden calm over the waters and in the air, then all of a sudden a sea creature came out of the waters. This beast had a body of a serpent, its teeth were pearly white and least fifteen centimetres in length, its eyes were glowing orange and its roar was like thunder. Then there was silence... Just then we heard a deep voice say; “How do you like my new pet lads, I call him the crusher and it is still a baby?” “Fascinating, fancy seeing you here Rodger, to what do we owe the pleasure of ye visit matey?” 
“I just come to let you know that there is a great storm on its way through these waters and its coming in hard and strong so be careful friends and good luck.” “Thanks and don’t worries we will bring back your pop back alive.” “I trust you will my friend.” So they went back down into the depths of the ocean, then all of us thought about what was said by Rodger and decided who was going to sail through the storm first during its first phase, so I volunteered to sail through the entire storm or until I couldn’t sail no more...
Then Katherine spoke and said; “How about I use some magic to send the storm away?” then they all said in one accord; “No the boy needs to learn to sail through hectic storms, if he can’t sail anymore then we will take over and step in to let him rest.” “Ok fair enough.” She said with a sigh.
I was on the edge the whole time, knowing that I was going to sail through a storm with raging waters, extreme winds and the thunder and lightning, at that moment I caught a glimpse of the clouds bellowing in with haste. Just like that calm came over me, it was as if I was prepared for the inevitable, so I gave my crew the medallions ... now we were ready for anything that came our way, even that dreaded Davy Jones.
Although the only problem was that the island was by the end of the world so we had a long way to go and apparently it was or should I say it is very dangerous, with deadly sea creatures and obviously the souls of the dead sailors- well that is only from what I heard. As the clouds came over finally I saw that these clouds were not ordinary clouds, when I took a closer look I noticed that these ones were brewed up just for the occasion by none other than Jacqueline it was definitively her handy work to try and blow us off course or to destroy us before we could find her lair.
But I wasn’t going to give up that easily, so I gave the crew the signal to put on their medallions and to hold on tight for this was going to be a bumpy ride. Just then the heavens opened up and the rains came, the wind howled fiercely, the thunder crashed and the lightning lit up the skies, it was so amazing for me for I had never experienced a storm so up close or so scary before.
The waters started to swell up and make huge waves that swept onto the deck of the Katherine Jones where we were standing, but the ship was made for this weather although she had never been at the magic waters before, it would be her first time and most certainly not her last!!!
As we steered through those stormy waters it felt like I was going on and beyond the point of no return but it felt good because I had my father, my friends, Katherine Jones and Rodger on me side. Well I suppose in the beginning I wrote that the place where we were going to was not far from the end of the world, but now I realise I was wrong because the place where Neptune was held is indeed at worlds end...How could I be so naive, I was going to endanger everyone and put their lives at risk but it was worth it because a promise to a friend must be kept no matter what happens.
It would take us at least one moon to get to worlds end (1Mnth) and supplies were running seriously low, so we needed to stop at an island called skeletons paradise a place that nobody really got off alive and for those that did, well let me just say that they were never really the same again in other words they went crazy. But I was going to make sure that nothing was going to happen to us and that is a fact.
So we decided to drop anchor and let down the rowboats, although somebody would have to stay aboard the ship and guard it just encase other pirates came and want to take over the Katherine Jones.
As we arrived at the island, we drew out our cutlasses just encase a welcoming committee was waiting for us. As we looked in the distance we saw two people come running toward us so we stood ready to attack, but then I realised that they were normal people like us shouting; “Are you here to rescue us from this horrible place?” “No we are just here to get supplies for the rest of our journey. Although come to think of it we could use extra hands on deck, you see we are on our way to the magic waters at the edge of the map... so if you guys want to help us by getting the supplies that we need including rum then we have a deal, but first I should need to know your names.” 
“My name is Joey and this is my sister Jenifer and your name is?” “Red beard, captain roman red beard and this here is my crew, welcome aboard.” There was something about the two of them that seemed awfully familiar and I just couldn’t put my finger on what it was, well I had my cutlass out just encase they tried something and I wasn’t going to let anything happen to my crew and I because I would kill for them...
Then just like that I remembered where I knew them from, well if my memory serves me correct, they used to stay along the coast on an abandoned ship called the Cleopatra. I was the only one that ever really spoke to them and made them feel welcome, although nobody knew their background there was something really pirate like about them which to me was fine seeing as we were all pirates, thieves and beggars well not everyone just most of us.   
After we got the supplies we headed back to the ship so that we could carry on with our journey to the end of the world and rescue our dear friend of the sea, King Neptune and destroy the witch that captured him in the first place...

CHAPTER 5 - THE END OF THE EARTH AT LAST

The month was almost over and thoughts of doubt began to fill my mind like, did I let my crew down or did I let Neptune down when all of a sudden Captain Jim said; “Captain we are nearing the ends of the world.” So I said; “All hands on deck ye scurvy land lovers, tie up everything that can still be saved and Katherine make a cocoon around this ship so that the ship does not break apart. And as for the rest of you, hold on tight for we are heading into dangerous waters where anything can happen.”
As we plunged down the edge of the earth and into Davy Jones locker we hoped for the best, deeper and deeper we fell into the locker of Davy Jones and just like that we landed into the magic waters. As we sailed through those dreary waters we came across an island in the distance and in an instant our hearts were filled with hope that we would find Neptune and destroy he witch that captured him and return him to the kingdom in the sea.
So we drew closer to the island and then dropped the anchor, so I said; “Drop the lifeboat into the water and everybody get in oh and don’t forget the rum ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.” As we climbed into the boat I realised that the island looked extremely familiar, it was as if we have been there before. Although being in the locker of Davy Jones, anything was possible.
When we reached the island I noticed that we were on a familiar place that looked exactly like the one we were on before we came here, and just like that I realised that I had made a mistake and that if we didn’t hurry back to the island we were before, it could be too late for Neptune. So I shouted; “Neptune hold on we’re coming to get you if it is the last thing I do, I promise...”
So we went back to the ship and hoped we make it back in time to save Neptune, so we decided to sail back toward the exit/entrance of the end of the earth...
So I said to my crew; “Tiny, Jack, Brandon, Jimmy and Jim get ready ye medallions for we are going to see what they really can do.” “But sir are we ready to do such a thing, it is way too risky.” “So be it, if we don’t risk it then NEPTUNE WILL DIE! SAVY?” so jack said; “Aye captain, ye be right my apologies captain...”
So we submerged the medallions in the water then we called out together “Medallions show us the power of the sea and take us out of this place of confusion.” Just like that we witnessed the true power of them medallions, we actually thought we going to die that’s how strong the power was.
The ship was busy spinning so fast, that the ship was literally lifting off the water and made like a whirlwind. So the water started rising with the ship, then just like that the ship stopped yet the water was still pushing up higher and higher. As we reached the top of the edge of the world that we off, a strong wave pushed us to the safer waters.
As we landed on the safe side, we noticed that we were at least one day away from the island where Neptune was held captive, all of us were very pleased so I said; “Gentlemen and ladies, we have almost reached our goal, by tomorrow we will get to see whose boss of the open water what say ye?” “Aye captain Red beard.”
So we took a bottle of rum and opened it and drank it till the sun went down. Then just like that I had an incredible but risky idea, we saw the island so I said; “Drop anchor and fold up the sails, put a longboat in the water and Katherine make it look like we’re in the boat so that the other witch thinks it is us, to put her attention off the rest us so we can free Neptune and destroy her so that she can never do this again to anybody ever again...”
Now my good friend, all was going according to plan-my father, Jim, blue beard, Joey and Jessica stayed aboard the ship while Tiny, Jack, Brandon, Jim, Jimmy and I dived into the water and swam toward the shadows. Just as we reached the island we saw the life boat explode into pieces and that’s when we heard that wicked laughter come out from the cave, which was where she was keeping our good friend king Neptune.
So we had to act quickly without having us get caught and tortured, so just like that as the witch stepped out of the cave I threw a rock towards the trees and bushes near the cave.
 So we held onto our medallions and just like that we turned invisible, now we could just walk into the cave and free Neptune, though we had to act quick because the witch could suspect something is up and then she would blow our cover and destroy us or worse she will tie us up and kill Neptune in front of us and keep us captive in order to lure the rest of the crew here and destroy us all together...
Then I remembered that the witch had a weakness that nobody really knew about, so we let Neptune free before the witch came back to the cave. Then Neptune spoke and said; “You will find her at her castle on this side of the island, there is one way that you can weaken the witch.”
 “Wow please tell me, what is it?” “Use your father’s violin and in order to finally destroy her, use your grand mothers diamond; the diamond of Katherine Jones.” “Thank you old friend, keep your fingers crossed.” “Good luck...”
I was ready to do what I needed to do, so I went back to the ship to fetch my fathers’ violin and my grand mothers’ diamond the Katherine Jones. Even though I told the crew to stay, they came along anyway because they believed everybody should stick together.
Although the witch knew we were coming she never even went as far as putting ‘roadblocks’ in our way which to me was very strange because usually she would stop at nothing to make sure we don’t find her. Now as we drew near to the castle, I had a feeling that I was going to discover and find out a whole lot more than what I should know...

CHAPTER 6 - THE ENCOUNTER

When we reached the castle, the gates opened up as if we were the guests of honour. The castle was like something I’ve never seen before, there were statues in the courtyard of people that were captured and who tried to escape and the only way to set them free was to destroy the witch Jacqueline Bellevue.
Suddenly the gates closed behind us and the castle doors opened and there in the door way stood the witch, so I cleared my throat and said; “Let my crew out, and let’s settle this between us.” “As you wish Roman Red Beard.” So my father gave me his violin and Katherine gave me her diamond, now as they got out the gates closed behind them.
So I looked her in the eyes and said; “Let’s end this right here right now.” “Before we have this duel and you destroy me, there are certain things that you should know about me and why I became like this.” “Fair enough...” “Well it began the day I lost my mother, after I lost her I fell apart. Not even my sister, your grandmother would stay with me. Everybody started to say that it was me who killed her out at sea, but it wasn’t she was trying to retrieve her hat and scarf. I was only thirteen years of age at the time when it happened, it hit me very hard because she was the most powerful witch ever to walk the planet and her name was Zestine.
Just like that I changed; I was filled with so much hatred until I met Neptune. I fell in love with him but I couldn’t get close to him because he wasn’t human but now I actually realised that I have made a mistake, and that I have to undo it all so let’s duel son.” “Yes let’s do this.”
So we started to duel, wave after wave of our powers clashed together and it seemed as if we were the same in power. Then I remembered about my fathers’ violin, so I took it out from the wooden case that had been made from the wood of a great oak tree... It seemed to be a bit out of tune, so I tuned it in and took the bow as it is tradition I took a few long strands of hair and twisted it into the bow strings.
As I did that, I felt my grandfathers presence there and just like that I knew that something great was going to happen, even though I never knew what was going to happen everything fell into place-starting with Neptune being set free and now this; the battle between a witch and a young and arrogant pirate...
Fighting with a very powerful witch wasn’t easy because I never really had any experience of fighting with using magic against magic, well at least I have got a grandmother who was and still is a witch but the only difference was she was the sister to this witch, and why she was abandoned I shall never know. But I did know this, she had to be stopped at any cost otherwise more innocent people will get hurt or worse they would die.
So I started playing the violin, not from my head but from my heart. I played a tune that was so sad and powerful that the witch started to weep like a child that was just born into this world. Then just like that she fell to her knees and face down to the ground then she lifted her head and shouted; “NO MORE, PLEASE NO MORE the memories are too painful so please just get it over and done with just kill me now.”
So I walked toward her and crouched down and whispered in her ear; “My intention is not to kill you but to help you, but in order to that you have got to do your part first.” “What is it you want me to do?” “Well firstly you got to free all the people that you turned into statues and then, I want you to talk to someone whom you have forgotten about.” “Who is this person Roman?” “You shall see soon enough.”
So I told her to wait there, I walked up to the gate and called my grandmother and told her to see the person she had forgotten all bout for all those years...
When Katherine saw Jacqueline, I saw a tear roll down her cheek-so she walked up to her, sat down in front of her and embraced her and told her how much she missed her but also she would have to face the consequences of her actions and that she would always be her baby sister; the wild child that nobody could tame. So as Katherine walked out she gave me her diamond, the diamond of Katherine Jones.
So I put it into my pocket hoping that I wouldn’t have o use it, for somewhere deep inside I knew Jacqueline’s heart there was good and not evil. I could sense it because she was family and I had other plans for her, as she keeps her side of the bargain by setting the people of stone free...
Now my friends, she kept her promise that day and I kept mine which was to let her live. But before I left she gave me the remainder of her powers, so now she was set free and couldn’t hurt anybody anymore and she could lead a normal life in the castle with the people that were there...
Now on our maiden voyage back home to the Caribbean, I felt that I could achieve anything that I set my mind to because I gained new knowledge and power. I thought to myself that every now and then I would pop around there to see how she was doing and maybe, just maybe find out the rest of her story. It’s funny how some stories never get finished, although some stories should remain unfinished.
No matter what Neptune was involved for some reason, but for now all I wanted to do is get home and have a nice home cooked meal and a bed, for this whole journey I had no sleep what so ever. Oh well at least we had an adventure and some people got saved and released from their life of pain...
On our way back home I decided to let anchor in the middle of the ocean and said; “Alright then crew we need to have a moment of silence to commemorate, Jack get out the bottle of rum and let’s thank all of the help we had.” “Aye captain...” now as the sun was slowly setting in the distance we opened up the bottle and drank it just like that out of the bottle, which to me tasted much better than from in a glass.
Something wasn’t right that evening because usually Katherine was her chirpy self, for a moment I could swear I saw a tear drop run down her cheek. So I excused myself and stood next to her and asked her what was wrong, for a while she was quiet then she said; “My child nothing is wrong, I am just glad that we are going home.” I knew what she was going through, but if I had told her the truth she would probably never forgive me, so I left her alone for the rest of the voyage.
So I thought to myself that I had to speak to Neptune personally and get his side of the story because one way or the other he was involved...

CHAPTER 7- BACK HOME

As we got back to port I jumped into the water to cool off and as you can imagine my friends did the same, my father and the other grown ups made sure the sails were rolled, the anchor weighed and then finally go home...
It was at least about midnight when I decided to wake up, though I wasn’t sure why. It was as if what I needed to do needed to be done before it was too late, as I got to the harbour my friends were waiting for me there already. Now they asked me what we doing there this time of night; “Well, you see I have a feeling that Jacqueline and Katherine’s mother is still alive.” “How can that be? You then heard that she drowned.” “Well friends we are going to see Neptune and find out what really happened.”
So we took our medallions and submerged them into the water and waited. Just then as we were about to go back home we heard the water stirring, and what we saw we never expected to see, it was Rodger and Zestine. I couldn’t believe it she looked just like Katherine although, she was more radiant and filled with love and more beautiful than anybody I ever seen. Then she spoke and said; “Well are you guys coming or staying, I believe you have lots of questions to ask.” So we got on the chariot and went back to the kingdom of the sea...
As we got there we were told to wait in the foyer which was strange because usually he would just drop everything just to see us, today something was been planned, something so big it was like a conference of some sort.
Five minutes later Neptune appeared and said; “Come on in friends, I believe we need to talk about certain things bout the past-that I should have told you after you rescued me.” As we went inside the doors closed us, then there was a brief moment of silence then he said; “No matter what is said it must stay between us and nobody else needs to know about this.”
“We are listening my friend, continue.” “Well it all started the day Zestine drowned, when a powerful witches family is in danger, she has to give up an amount of her powers to somebody close to her which was obviously Jackie. So she threw her hat and scarf in the water and went after it, I was still young at the time and didn’t understand why she did it. 
Then she asked me to look after her younger daughter, so I took Zestine to the only safe place that I could think of and that was here and she has been here ever since.” “Oh ok, well we will be here again at the same time to ask you other questions.” “Alright then off you go.” (Now my fellow pirates and sailors our friend Neptune sounded a bit too formal but hey he was the king of the sea so lets see what happens next...)
When we left I could see that there was sadness in Neptune’s face, so I whispered to him saying; “Don’t worry, the truth will set you free old friend, your secrets are ours and nobody needs to know them...”
Now as we got to our houses we did what we did best and that was sneak back into our rooms and make like nothing happened. As I woke up, I was surrounded by all my crew members including my mother, so I asked; “What is the occasion?” “It is your fathers’ birthday and today we are going to celebrate out at sea and have a picnic.” 
I felt so bad that I forgot about my fathers birthday that I just wanted to tell him everything I was up to, but then I realised he already knew everything I was up to, but he just kept it to himself. Now as we went to the harbour I noticed that a young boy came running toward us, so I put my hand by my cutlass ready to draw. Then he stopped and said with abated breath; “I am looking for captain Red Beard.” 
“Well ye be standing in front of him, what is it that you want lad?” “Well I want to join ye crew captain what say ye sire?” “So tell me, aren’t you a wee bit young to be part of me crew?” “No sire.” “Well what is your name?” “Billy Bo Jangle, sire” “Well Billy Bo Jangle, welcome aboard, although there are a few rules that you need to know, but I will explain that later on with you, understood?” “Aye captain...”
While the festivities on the ship were in full swing, Billy walked up to me and asked if I knew somebody of the name Jacqueline Bellevue, so I took him one side and asked him why. So he told me that she was his mother and that he was looking for her. I just kept quiet and looked at my father, then I said; “Billy just hold that thought, I am just going to speak to my father quickly.” “Ok no fret captain.”
“Father a word please.” “Yes my son.” “Do ye think I should tell him where she is?” “Well, I think you should do what you think is best captain.” Then he gave me a wink which meant trust my gut...
So I went back to Billy and said; “I shall tell you where she is, but I can’t take you to her just yet.” “But why captain?” “Well you see Billy she needs time to recover because she was a bad person and I had to take her powers away.” “You mean to say that she is a witch?” “Yeah, so you will have to wait about another six moons (Months).” “Oh ok, I see captain.” Not long good old captain Jim comes to me and says; “I’ve got another little surprise for you.” 
“Really, what is it old friend?” “Well remember that faded, old scruffy hat of yours you lost out at sea?” “Well yeah I remember, I dam near threw a tantrum over it, why?” “I found it when I was walking on the sea when I was still dead and I knew that I would be brought back to life so that I could give it to you in person.”
When he gave me the hat I saw a tear roll down his cheek, and before I knew it, it was time to go back to shore and call it a day...
While at home I thought of the map that captain Jim gave me and made a decision of what I was going to do, so I went to the cave and opened the secret compartment, took the map and went back home to study it and look for it on my fathers’ charts. So I and my father sat down with the charts and the map, but I couldn’t seem to find that island on the map. So I told my dad I was going to take a walk, now before I could tell him where I was going he said; “Before you go to Jims place, have a mug of rum with me.” “Ok father...”
After I had my mug of rum I went over to Jims house, when I got there I noticed that there was somebody with him, I didn’t know who it was until I went closer. To my surprise I saw that it was my good friend Neptune, what he was doing there heaven only knew. “Good evening you guys.” “Hello Roman I was just about to go back, are you guys coming round later?” “Most likely sir.” “Good, see you later.” 
Then Captain Jim greeted and said; “Hello there young man what brings you here this time of the night hmmm?” “Well I need your help with something.” “Well what is it you want?” “I need you to help me find ISLE VELLA ROSA and I need you to come with me please.” “When do you want to sail captain?” “Within two days from now.” “Well you see that island is a magical place and only comes visible in the days of the full moon and the next full moon is in ten days from now.” “Thank you my friend.”
So I ran back home and saw that my father was busy packing a few things for a journey. “What are you packing for?” “Well in two days time we are going to the island of roses, oh and your mother is also coming with.” “Really?” “Yes sure why not.” “That is just great.” So I went to the harbour with my crew already there and then Neptune arrived...
“All aboard!” he shouted, and so yet again we went down to the kingdom of the sea. When we arrived Zestine came out of the board room and embraced us all. So Neptune called us all in the board room and told us that there was nothing he could do to help us on our new voyage because he had a limited time left until he died and that his son was going to take his place, but I knew for a fact that he wasn’t going to die- not by a long shot...
When we got back on land I thought to myself that this trip will do me some good because it would be nice to see an island with roses, which indeed was something that would do me a world of good. So as I climbed in bed my grand father appeared to me and said; “Son, you should be careful of a magical island.” “But why?” “Because it could be dangerous, just be careful.” “Ok I will be.”

CHAPTER 8 - ISLAND OF ROSES

When I got up the next morning I noticed that the sea was rough and it wasn’t even light yet. So I packed the rest of my things and woke me parents up and told them it was time to go. There was no need to call the rest because they were already at the harbour waiting for us. So I got on board and shouted out loud “All aboard!!!” 
Then I spoke and said; “Right men and ladies today we are on a quest, a quest that will determine our team work, the will to survive, knowledge, capability and our ability to distinguish right and wrong, good and evil and what is real and un-real, any questions? Nobody, well alright then let’s get moving...”
So we hoisted the anchor and set sail out to sea because this journey would take us toward Madagascar an island off the coast of Africa which I heard was a savage place.
It seemed forever before we got to the Madagascan Island but eventually we got there, fortunately we had got there three days earlier so we decided to go exploring on the island of Madagascar. To our surprise the island was inhabited by many strange creatures; bush babies, lemurs and a lot of others. So we went and collected edible fruits and berries.
So when we were done collecting, we went back to the ship and made some grub from what we collected on the island, as we finished we dozed off, but only to be awakened by a rumbling sound from the water. When we opened our eyes we noticed that the island was coming sooner which meant only one thing to us- that we should move quickly or else something bad could happen...
Now even captain Jim was surprised when he saw the island appear 3 days before the time and he said; “Oh my goodness this is not good at all, that island will disappear at any given time without warning-so my friends we going to have to move fast.” So we kept the things on the ship that we collected and we all went to the island of roses. The surrounding of the island was creepy, everything was misty and airy with wind howling and the insects were chirping, now according to the map there was a village 270 degrees west from the dock where were standing...
In order to get there we had to find a path way through the woods, even though I was good in finding pathways Jim was here before and found it quickly even though there were so many pathways which were misleading –some led to the docks of the village and others went round in circles.
Now the village was surrounded by a huge wooden fence about five meters high and at the top of the fence was sharp points with skulls around it and at the bottom a small door which could only mean one thing- the villagers were small. So I gave a huge knock and the door opened with a creaking sound, as we entered we noticed that the only people were taller than four feet high. It was as if we were dinner or captured for a sacrifice. Everyone was chanting then the chief walked up to me and took my hand and said; “Come and sit with me in my hut and let’s talk.”
So he asked; “What are you doing here and what are you looking for?” We are looking for Jims’ treasure.” “Captain Jim, where, is he, is he alive?” “Yes indeed and my crew as well.” “You such a young lad and yet you have a crew, bring them in.” So we went outside the hut and I opened the bigger door and then they all came inside.
Then the chief spoke again and said; “In order to go any further to find the treasure you must have a duel to determine whether you are strong enough to pas the other three tests.” “So who do I have to face?” “Your first mate captain Jim.” So we both looked at each other as if to say the same thing, so I asked; “Right what are the rules chief?” “Last man standing, and you have to fight on the duelling stand with fiery spikes underneath and you will have to make a decision under pressure!”
And so it began, the battle between two friends but brothers in spirit, when the chief said to me that I must make a decision under pressure I immediately realised that-that was the second test to see if he was my mortal enemy if I would save him or not. As our swords clashed together I never realised that I never really had enough experience fighting with an old experienced person before. I even forgot that we were fighting over fiery spikes and that one wrong move could send us straight to the locker of Davey Jones...
Then after about half an hour we were still fighting, then just like that Jim drops his sword and slips. Everyone gasps and I heard my mother scream even Jessica gave a shriek and a shrill, so I dropped my sword, held on top of the duelling stand and just as Jim falls I caught him with my legs and swung him back up onto the stand and made sure he was safe.
So we climbed down off the duelling stand, everybody cheered for us and even the chief and the villagers were impressed. So the chief walked up to us and said; “You have passed both tests but you still have two more that you’ll have to face which will be thrown at you without you even noticing it.” “Alright then lads and lasses let’s be on our way o find us some swag.”
As I took out the map to see where exactly where and how far we needed to get to the rose garden/rose sanctuary, because the treasure is there. In order to get inside there we have to go through the caves entrance which was about 20 degrees NEN...
On the way there we happened upon an old man sitting on a rock staring at a very old compass in his hands. So I stuck my torch in the ground and asked his name, so he looked up at me and said; “I am King Neptune’s half brother.” (Moment of silence) “Really? Well then what if I may ask are you doing here then?” “It is a story for another time son, so what are you doing here?” “One word, treasure.” “I see, well then could I join you guys then? Then I shall tell you the story of how I got stuck here for so long.”
“Ok but first tell me your name.” “Hob grey face is the name, at your service.” “Please to meet you Hob I am captain Roman Red Beard, welcome aboard.” “Aye captain.” So I picked me torch out of the ground and carried on until we found the pond on the island. Once we reached the pond, I knew that we didn’t have much further to go to get to the caves. So I spoke and said; “We will stop here and rest till sunrise and then we will continue...so I went go speak to Hob so that he could tell me his whole story, so he started; “Honestly, Neptune and I are actually twins who were separated from birth so growing up wasn’t really easy for me, my step parents made me into a slave. But knowing that I had a brother out there somewhere got me through the lonely and hard times.
So I tried to run away but they caught me and locked me away for ten years underneath the house in a cellar, and that is when I found it...the compass, a compass that I no longer need that is why I am passing it unto you.” “Thank you but you still need to tell me how you just so happened to be here on this island.”
“I was getting to that part, so then my folks heard of this island that appears in the full moon light and disappears when the three full moon nights are finished and that was a perfect way to get rid of me...” 
Now he didn’t tell me the rest of the story but I could see that it was very hard for him and very sad for him so I let him be. Now before we knew it the sun was about to appear beyond the horizon, so I woke the rest of my crew up so that we could keep moving. As the light hit the island we saw that we were right by the caves, so I spoke and said; “Let us eat and drink something before we go any further.”
Now after breakfast we packed up our things and motioned toward the caves, so the twelve of us went into the cave and noticed that there were three tunnels instead of one so I looked at captain Jim and him at me. So he spoke and said; “It is all up to you sonny, use your heart to find the path.” Before I could find anything but this was by far the hardest of all...
Then Hob said; “Use the compass I gave you.” So I took the compass out of my pocket, closed my eyes and thought of all the adventures that I am going to have then before I knew it, I was in the rose garden...
 Just then I saw a lady with a flowing white dress on in the distance, as she walked up to me I thought to myself ‘oh boy here comes trouble’ so I plucked up my courage, downed the rest of rum I had left in the bottle and asked; “Who be ye, scurvy land lover or maiden of the sea?” “Well I be maiden of the sea and what about you?” “I be Roman Red Beard son of the sea, savvy?” “Aye I understand.”
Then she said something unexpected; “Ye be here for Jim’s treasure right?” “Aye I be here for Jim’s treasure.” “Well first ye have to pass your final test before ye can know where it lays.”
Meanwhile inside the cave Jim and James Red Beard were having a bit of a debate; “Do you think my son will pass the final test Jim?” “Of course he will.”
Back in the garden Roman asked; “So maiden what will be this final test ye have for me?” “Look in the distance and you will se a dragon like creature that you must slay or you will be eaten, oh and before I forget if you don’t slay the creature you and your crew will die at sunset.” (wow now that is no pressure am I right folks- yeah right I would have told that maiden a thing or two but hey a test is a test and roman had to pass or yeah you heard they will all die at sunset some incentive hey)
When he heard that he was furious, before he could say something the lady in white disappeared. So he took out his knife that was given to him by Jim and he felt stronger than ever before. Then he walked up to the creature and said to it; “How do you want to die dragon?” then the dragon spoke and said; “Well pirate if you are the one they prophesied about then you need to cut my heart out and eat it while it is still beating and bury my body in the garden.” “Agreed...”
So then the battle began, the dragon pulled out the legendary golden cutlass and said; “If you successfully kill me in battle you will get the golden cutlass and be the most powerful pirate in the world and you will have Jim’s treasure.” (Now folks with great power comes great responsibility let us hope he knows that)
The dragon like creature put up quite a fight, but Roman wasn’t even going to give up because he knew his crew would die and he couldn’t bear the thought of that happening. So he took a deep breath and shouted out loud; “DRAGON!! Are you ready to end this?” “So be it, it is time I moved on anyway so indeed you are the one they prophesied about...”
And with that the dragon stuck his sword in the ground, took of the plate that covered his heart and said; “I am ready.” So they both closed their eyes and roman took the golden cutlass and pierced the dragon in the heart and said; “I am sorry that such an amazing and magnificent creature like you had to die.”
After that he did as the dragon had asked him to do- cut off the head and buried him in the rose garden and retrieved the treasure. When he stepped out of the garden, he was covered with blood and dirt and by his side the golden cutlass and treasure and yet another map to an island called big fish island.
“It will be a long time before I go to another treasure hunting expedition.” He said and everybody just laughed except for Roman. When they got back to the village there was a feast waiting for them, then the chief walked up to Roman, spoke and said; “Well done Roman, you are indeed the chosen one.” “Thank you, now it is time to get back to the Caribbean for I haven’t slept in the last fourteen days.” “I understand, have a safe journey back Captain Red Beard.”
Now when they got back to the ship, Roman forgot something important, his compass that Hob gave him. Then all of a sudden without warning the island started shaking so the crew got worried so then James said; “We have to go back home.” So Wendy shouted; “We not leaving our son James.” “We’ll come back for him I promise if it’s the last thing we do.” “But...” “No buts, he will make it don’t worry.” 
So they sailed away without looking back except for Wendy who’s other name was Isabel who’s heart was broken because she knew the code-any man that falls behind gets left behind. Then just like that the island was gone as if it were never even there and Roman was still on it...will he escape the island somehow and will he survive? We will find out soon, but before that let me give you some info why the compass was so special. It was the very first compass made for a pirate when the pirate era began- ok I will get back to the story, I just thought you wanted to know some piece behind the compass...

CHAPTER 9 - FIRST DAY STRANDED

Now folks when roman got stranded he was frustrated, he didn’t know where to go or what to do, so he sat on a rock and started to cry. Then just like that he remembered about the medallion that Neptune gave him and remembered what he had said; “If you need help, submerge the medal in the water and help will come to you.”
So he put the medallion in the water and waited, then he took it out, lay on the sand and fell into a deep sleep. Then suddenly he woke up in the place his grand pappy took him through his spirit and then that’s when he saw a strange man who he thought he knew. So he asked; “Who be ye and where be I?” “Don’t be afraid captain Red Beard, your crew is safe and your mother will be here in two moons from now.” “Who are you?” “Roman I am the dragon from the garden and thanks to you the spell upon me has been lifted.”
“But what is your name?” “All in good time my friend.” Then just like that Roman woke up feeling a wee bit better than before so he decided to make the best of it. I mean you don’t really have a choice when you stuck on an island, honestly if I were in his shoes I would go mad which is a good thing that I am not.
Meanwhile on the ocean there was silence aboard the Katherine Jones excepting sounds of sobbing which was obviously the Captains mother who was very distraught. So Jim walked up to her and said; “Don’t worry, Roman will be alright for he as strong as you are and if there is anybody that can  survive this thing and see it through, it is your son and our captain Roman Red Beard.”
“Thank you Jim, you know now that I am going to be the captain of this here vessel as from now on which means that all rescue plans and other things get discussed with me savvy?” “Aye captain.” So she called the rest of the crew together and said; “As from today I will be your captain up until we rescue our captain from the island of roses, so if anybody has any objections then let ye be warned ye shall walk the plank savvy?”
Nobody answered because they knew what she was capable of, every moment that went by felt like an eternity... then in the distance the captain saw something. “Bring me the telescope.” So she looked through the telescope and to her surprise she saw an overturned long boat with three people hanging on for dear life. It was too good to be true, that is what was going through her head.
So she shouted; “MEN OVER BOARD.” So they sailed as fast as they could toward the so called victims, when they got to them she said; “Be prepared for anything and never let your guard down.” Now as the stranded men climbed aboard they were greeted with guns and cutlasses, then the captain asked; “Be ye friend or be ye foe?” “Friends of course, why did you guys think we were enemies?” “Friends of course.”
So she called her husband one side and said; “James, we need to be on our guard at all time because they were not really stranded.” “How did you figure that captain?” “Take a look to the far north and tell me what you see.” So he took the telescope and to his surprise he saw that it was none other than Long John silver the meanest, black hearted pirate ever to sail the ocean...
 Then he said; “I will tell the men quietly that there will be no sleep tonight because there is a possibility of an ambush and to watch the three men because they are trouble.” “Good because I don’t trust them the least bit.”
While James was talking to the crew, the three men were discussing who they were going to kill first so Tom spoke and said to John and Joe; “I think we should kill them all one by one.” Well that is what they thought they were going to do, but they were wrong because they were in for a nasty wake up call.
Down under the ocean Neptune was pondering on how they were going to help Roman survive the 8 weeks on that island of roses. Just then Rodger popped in and said; “No worries dad, Roman will survive for he is a fighter and besides he has the golden cutlass.” “Are you serious you know what this means right?” “Aye father.” “So which means the prophecy is coming true...”

CHAPTER 10 - THE AMBUSH

It started getting dark and the crew started to feel weary because they knew that danger was coming... 
Just then Tiny climbed down from the crow’s nest with haste and went straight to the captain and said; “Ship coming with silver coloured sails captain.” “Warn the others and tell them to tie up the three men.” “Aye captain.”
Then just like that the captain had a plan; “Alright men and ladies, gather around I have had an idea. We hold the three men as ransom and then we send the whole lot of them down to Davey Jones locker savvy?” all the crew shouted; “Aye captain.” Now as Silvers ship drew closer she told the crew that as captain she would go aboard and negotiate with Long John Silver... “No” shouted James “Let me go for I know him better than what you do.”
“Sorry James, I am the captain and ye shall do as I say, savvy?” just then silvers ship pulled up on the star bird side of the Katherine Jones and then he spoke and said; “Who be the captain of this here vessel? Show ye self.” “I be the captain of this here vessel.” He laughed and said; “A woman? Wow that is hilarious.” “Permission to come aboard captain silver?” “Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha, alright then lass but no tricks” so she told James that when she gave the signal they must attack...
Back on the island roman was busy building a raft (Or trying to build one) when in the distance he saw giant sea turtles then just like that he had an idea: he was going to try and persuade one of them to act as a raft for him to escape on the next full moon.
So he took off his clothes and swam out to where the turtles were, and noticed that there was a baby turtle half the size of his mother so he swam back to shore to rethink his strategy and approach. I mean it’s not like you can just swim up to them and ask if you can ride on its back, you first need to gain its trust.
When he got to shore he felt hungry, so he got dressed and found a bow and some arrows and decided to go hunting for tonight’s dinner. Now while tracking through the vast jungle he noticed a small cabin that Hob had made during his stay on this god forsaken spit of enchanted land. So he opened the door of the shack and to his astonishment he saw three giant wolves, the leader of the pack was as white as snow and the other two were grey and white with eyes as clear as the night sky.
The leader walked up to Roman and asked; “What is your name son?” so he looked at him with fear and said; “Roman Red Beard sir.” “Ah, so you are the pirate that will bring balance to this island before you go.” “Balance, what do you mean balance?” “Why do you think this island appeared earlier than usual ‘ey?” “What needs to be done?”
Well firstly you need to sit down because what I am going to tell you might make you a bit light headed... right to restore balance to this place you must go to the sleeping volcano and climb inside down to the core, fear not it won’t wake until the balance is restored and if you are indeed the chosen one you will make it out.” “But what must I do to restore the balance.” “You need reline the four symbols as they should be and good luck captain.”
Then just like that they were gone, after that he felt a cold chill crawl up his spine. But he wasn’t going to let fear stop him of returning the balance to the Island of roses...
Back at sea...
As the captain climbed aboard the enemy vessel, long Johns crew started to snigger and snort because they never thought or knew of a woman as captain. “Welcome aboard lass, so to what do we owe the pleasure of the visit hey?” “To make an exchange.” “What be we exchanging lass?” “Your dirty rotten men you call pirates for some of ye treasure.”
“Ha-ha-ha, ye want me treasure, well firstly ye need to beat me in a duel with a cutlass.” “Piece of cake silver. James throw me Roman’s cutlass now.” “Be that the sword of the one who is been talked about through the beginning of the pirate era?” “Aye and I be his mother and that there is his ship the Katherine Jones.” “How old is he?” “Only ten years old.” 
So Silver plotted something in his head, what it was nobody really knew his thoughts yet there was evil in his eyes. 
“Don’t even think about it silver because I will kill ye where ye stand.” And so the battle began, canons blasting pistols and blunderbusses, swords clashing blood everywhere. She gave silver the look he feared and then drove the cutlass through his heart and said; “With evil intentions...comes death.” And with that he drew his last breath and in his dying words he said; “Thank you lass.”
Now that silver was dead they had two ships and silvers treasure and most of the crew that wanted him dead anyway...
Under the sea...
 King Neptune and his son Rodger were trying to conjure up a plan to help roman restore the balance to ISLA VELLA ROSA. So zestine said; “Stop what you doing because you know that roman must do this alone.” “Well what about the goddess of flowers?” “He can handle it, end of story.”
When she walked, Neptune said to Rodger; “My son never get married to a woman who is bossy like that.” “Well dad if you don’t like woman like that then you should see my girlfriend on land.” “What? You have met a woman and you haven’t even introduced her to me yet, you are grounded until you bring her down here.” “Well good then that means that I am not grounded anymore.” “Why?” 
Because I am bringing her down today.” “What why didn’t you say so?” “Well I wanted it to be a surprise, so just act surprised when you see her.” “Well what are you waiting for, go for it oh and take the dolphin powered chariot...” 
It was always Rodgers dream to ride that chariot because it was fast and stylish and was good enough to impress a girl. As he took the reigns the dolphins took off in such a rush that he battled to gain control of them. Eventually when he gained control of the steering the dolphins stopped at the harbour. So Rodger climbed out of the waters and walked toward the old and creepy ship graveyard. Many a ship inside there had fallen victim to a terrible sea monster which nobody could see.
And in the distance he saw his lady staring down at him from one of the old ships crows’ nest, so he said; “Hey there Carol ready to go when you are.” There was silence and just like that she jumped into the water... when she came up from the water she smiled and said; “Of course I am ready, let’s go.” She was a bit creepy at times but he didn’t mind because they loved each other and besides everybody has untold secrets about them...

CHAPTER 11- RESTORING THE BALANCE

So Roman ran to the village to go and ask the chief some advice, when he got to the village gates the chief was waiting for him and said; “To complete the task at hand that lies before you-you need to trust in yourself or hope will be lost forever.” “I shall not fail little big chief, if I do fail then you can use me as a sacrifice and place my body parts at the four corners of the island.”
So it began, Roman made his way to the sleeping volcano and started the grueling climb to the top of it. At the base of the volcano Roman noticed a shiny object hanging from a branch, when he got closer he saw that it was the fire symbol-so he took it and he hung it around his neck and carried on up the volcano. Bout a quarter ways up he noticed the second piece of the symbols which was water, so he hung it round his neck as well and continued with the task.
Halfway up he stopped to rest a bit, and when he looked around him he noticed something at his feet... it was the earth symbol, so he thought to himself ‘I must be getting close’... so he stood up and looked towards the top and decided to run to the top of the volcano. When he got to the top of the ‘sleeping volcano’ he saw the final symbol which was wind or air if you want to call it that, after retrieving it he started his venture into the heart of the volcano...
On the way down he noticed the dead bodies imbedded in the volcanic face rock from which he made his decent so he lit up the fire torch and descended. Further down he saw a portrayal on the wall about five elements instead of four...
Now this really confused him so he climbed down further until he reached the bottom of the sleeping volcano. Then just like that she appeared to him, he got such a fright that he dropped his fire torch. Then without knowing what was happening the whole place lit up with fiery lanterns on the wall. So she reached out her hand said; “Welcome Roman, to my final place of resting.” 
When he stood up he asked; “Aren’t you the maiden I saw in the garden?” “Yes I am, but roman now you face the hardest test of them all- my dear boy.” “Why do you say that Rose?” “You have to release me by slaying me, taking out my heart to find the fifth element and then eat my heart while it is still beating.” So with tears in his eyes he said; “I’m sorry but isn’t there an easier way of doing this?” with sadness in her voice she replied; “No there isn’t my child, I chose you since the beginning of time and this is how you must do It.” So he gave her a hug, took the knife Jim gave him and stabbed her through the heart and with that the fifth element appeared out of the heart.
So he did what he was told and ate the beating heart, now with every bite that he took the more the tears began to roll down his cheeks. When he was done he took the elements and put them in place and when he put the fifth element in, the ground began to shake, and lava started spewing out of the base. So he had to make haste so he grabbed hold of the rope and climbed as fast as he could out of the once sleeping volcano and when he got out he tumbled down the volcano to the bottom.
Battered and bruised and shaken to the core he stands up and starts laughing, then he took his canteen filled to the brim with rum and he took a huge gulp and said to himself; “Well Captain Red Beard you did well and now we wait till they return with our ship...”

CHAPTER 12 - THE INTRODUCTION

So they hopped on the dolphin chariot and made their way down to the underwater city, they decided to take a slow cruise through the sea bed and enjoyed the view. So carol said; “I hope your father will like me.” “Of course he will, he is a soft hearted person you remind me of my dad’s girlfriend Zestine Jones.” “Who’s that my dear?” “It’s a long story sweetheart.”
Upon their arrival the mermaids waved at them and gave a bow, so carol blushed and waved back. So Rodger parked the chariot close to the entrance of the great hall and knocked; “Enter” said a voice inside, then Rodger opened the door and said; “After you my love.”
Now as they entered, the room was filled with the sound of happiness which to carol was strange because where she lived wasn’t much of that, only hate and sadness plus bitterness...then a tear rolled down her pale white cheeks. Then Neptune walked up to them and said; “You must be Carol, it is an honour to finally meet you my young lady, this is my girlfriend Zestine.”
Now lads when Zestines eyes met Carol’s eyes they hugged each other and started crying in each others arms, when they were finished Zestine smiled and said; “Neptune, Rodger-this is my long lost daughter, how did you guys meet? Tell me everything.” “Well when I went on land one day, I saw her and I knew she was an angel in human form.” “Stop it sweetie, you making me blush honey.” Then everybody laughed and sat down for something to feast on...    
Back at sea...
So Captain Wendy Red Beard told Jim to sail with the other vessel back to the Spanish mains and said; “You know what to do with Long Johns crew if they try anything.” “Aye ye captain I know what to do Argh.”
So Captain Jim searched the skies and asked the crew; “So tell me lads, how well does she sail through stormy waters and a storm hey?” “We never sailed through a storm before sir.” Said slugman. “Well as from today we’ll be sailing through the biggest storms ever sailed through savvy?”
Everyone was quiet so Jim looked at Wendy and said; “We have a great storm coming our way Captain.” “Thank you for informing me Captain Jim, Hopefully the wind will be on our side.” “Aye captain, Let’s hope.” So Jim gave his crew the order and they hoisted the anchor and raised the sails, then they were off...
Now it turns out folks they were to sail toward the north to be right in the middle of the storm just for fun, then out of nowhere the wind picked up and the clouds started to roll in fast so Jim and Wendy gave their most evil laugh ever.
 So it began folks, the lightning and thunder crashed and lit up the heavens not knowing whether they would make it, so mast child walked across to where Captain Jim was at the helm and said; “I lost my parents to Long John, he forced me to do bad things sir.” “How old are you lad?” “Ten years of age sir.” “And how long ago did this happen me boy?” “I can’t remember...”
Now as he was speaking to Jim he had flashbacks from that fatal night his parents were slaughtered by Silver and strange creatures that accompanied him.
So he turned to Jim and with tears in his eyes he asked; “Can you be my father? Please I need a father in my life...” now Jim was used to being alone but couldn’t say no or could he? “Yes, I will be your father, I will be honoured if you could be my son.” Did he really mean it what he said? Well we’ll never really know-only Jim knew...

CHAPTER 13 - SUNLIGHT AT LAST

As waves crashed against the vessels, they stood strong and took them crushing blows with pride. Then as from out of nowhere the waves slowed down yet the wind was still keeping a steady pace. Then finally the sunlight broke through the clouds and withered them away. So Wendy shouted; “Drop anchor, let us check the ships for damages.” So James gave the orders to the others and gave them each a task, and Jim did the same with his crew.
So Jim went to the captain’s cabin and got the charts, so he took out his compass and tried to see where they were. His eyes grew big in his head, he raced up the stairs and went to the other ship and said; “Wendy, James I need a word.” “What is it Jim?” “Well we are far off course; you see that island over there?” “Just say it Jim.” “That is big fish Island and we out of rum!!!” “Well let’s get supplies then, or is there something else you not telling us Jim?” “Well if you must know, there are shiploads of treasure on that island.” “And how did you acquire this knowledge?” “I used to live on this island before…” “Before what Jim?” “Other outlaw pirates tried to kill me, the island was my inheritance but now-no more.”
But the question in everybody’s mind was how they ended up at big fish island, then it struck the captain Wendy, she told Jim to go in a northerly direction toward the storm. So she shouted; “Is there any way back to the Spanish mains?” “Yes there is…” Jim shouted; “But it is not an easy route to take.” “Why not?” “Sea monsters that’s why but if I lead the way nothing can happen, I wish Roman was here to experience this.” “Well let’s first get some supplies.” “Aye ye captain…”
Little did Jim know, was that Mast child was really his son- but he would in time learn the truth the hard way…
As the crew lowered the longboats into the water mast child gripped Captain Jims hand tightly; “Will I ever remember what happened father?” “In time maybe you will my child.” “Ok father.”   
On their way to shore, a giant sea turtle made its appearance; “Hey there old friend how you keeping?” Jim said. Mast child was astound that Jim knew the gigantic creature and asked; “How do you know that creature father?” “It is a long story my child but I will tell it to you on our way back to the Spanish mains.” “Pinky swear?” “Aye… pinky swear.”
As they reached land one of the villagers ran to greet them and recognized Jim and shouted; “Welcome back master Jim, the island hasn’t been the same since you left.” “Thank you sunbeam, it is good to see you too my brother.” “So what do you need master Jim?” “Well old friend lots of supplies including rum ha-ha-ha-ha.” So the native man ran to one of the trees and pulled out two bottles of rum and said; “Before I help you out you must partake in a contest with me.”
“What contest?” He looked puzzled, “Well, you need to challenge me in drinking without a breath or are you chicken?” “Bring it on my brother argh.”  On the count of three, they bit the corks off, Jim started the same time as the native-sunbeam was gasping and with that he lost the challenge and there was still rum left in the bottle. ‘’So what do you need master Jim’’ ‘’Well old friend, lots of supplies including Rum  hahaha.”  As Jim took the last gulp and took the half full bottle lest and swigged it down his throat.’’Ahh, that was refreshing thank you Sunbeam.’’ And everyone hurled with laughter. So Jim and Sunbeam went with the crew to get what they needed the list was as followed;
-1 Rum [lots of it] 
-2.Amunition 
-3.hunting gear [fishing as well]
-4.food
-5.mending tools
-6.gumpowder
-7.hidden treasure
 Whilst getting the supplies to the ships there was silence in the air .Then Sunbeam broke the silence and said; I see somebody finally taught silver a lesson, he was a brute when he fetched supplies from this island.” “What? Well guess what lad, that woman there taught him that lesson and she is the mother of the one that has been spoken of at the dawn of the pirate era.” ‘’It’s an honour to meet you Mrs Redbeard.’’ ’’The honour is mine Sunbeam we will come here more often for supplies my friend’’
And with that the crew of the Katherine Jones were off, only to realize that the weather was bringing a storm in again and they would have to make haste if they were to make it through with little damage to the vessels as possible. So Jim gave a whistle, and then to everyone’s surprise and amazement a whole lot of sea turtles arose from the ocean and Jim said; “Well folks… meet my reinforcements…”

(Back on the island)…
Roman searched the seas hoping his ship would come sooner, so he raced to the village to go and speak to the chief, hoping that he would give our trapped hero the answer he wanted to hear. As he reached the gates of the village, the chief was already outside waiting for him as if he knew Roman was coming to speak to him. So he said; “I know what you want Captain Redbeard.” “How do you mean you already know what I want to ask, can you read minds?”
The chief just smiles as he says; “You want to leave this island sooner and don’t want to stay and wait for your crew, am I right captain?” astound at the answer he said with teary eyes; “Yes I do.”  “Well your sailboat is almost ready, so which means with the next full moon you can set sail.” “Thank you big little chief, I don’t know how I could ever repay you.” “Just visit us from time to time my child.” “I shall do so my friend.”
And don’t worry, we are sending word to Neptune to inform him your folks and crew…”
With that news he was so overjoyed that he ran to the ocean, took off his clothes and swam to the giant sea turtles and frolicked amongst them and from that fateful day the sea creatures befriended him. (I think Jim did the same back in the day ha-ha-ha-ha…)
The next day he went back to the village to see what they were doing, so he knocked on the gate and asked; “Permission to enter chief?” “Of course you may.” The chief answered. Upon entering the village gates he saw the pint sized men hard at work on his sailboat. Then he walked toward the chief and asked; “Mind if I give a hand of help chief?” “By means of all captain.” “So what can I do to help?” “I am sure the men will give you something to do.” (Chuckle)
So Roman walked up to where the men were busy and started working on some of the bigger jobs such as help fitting the rudder chain and the mast putting it in place and fastening down the decks…

CHAPTER 14 - NEARING COMPLETION

As the days and nights dragged on, Roman and his little crew were working round the clock to finish the vessel before the next full moon…
 It was at least three days before the next full moon and the ship was almost ready, all it needed now was a name and varnish. So the chief walked up to Roman and asked; “What are you going to name her captain?” “I found the perfect name for her.” “What will it be sire.” “Isle villa Rosa.”  
Now just like that everybody stopped what they were doing and stood there in utter silence-“What, did I say something wrong chief?” “Not at all, we were just caught by surprise; we thought you would choose a persons name or something.” “For a moment there I thought it was a bad omen.” “Not at all.” So they all laughed and carried on doing what they were busy doing, the woman were busy with making a flag for the ISLE VILLA ROSA…
The very next day Roman woke up early and went hunting for food for a feast for the evening before the full moon. It was about midday and all he got was two dears and three five foot fish. So he took the knife Jim gave him and cleaned the fish and threw the insides into the ocean. Now as the sun was setting in the sky he made his way back to the village and called some of the men to help him fetch some wood and fruit for the feast that night. So they started the bonfire while the woman prepared the food while men danced around the fire and chanted for hours, and before long the banquette was ready.
So Roman said grace and then the chief spoke and said; “Thank you Roman for everything you have done for this island, especially restoring the balance of this magical place, and I hope you never forget us my friend.” “I could never forget my adventure in this place, we are all family my brother…”
As the sun rose the next morning, the ground began to shake and before long they saw the islands of the Pacific Ocean. It was time to leave this magical place filled with adventure, intrigue and family life. So Roman walked to the chief and said with teary eyes; “This place is my second home so I am staying one more day if that is ok with you?” “Of course my brother lets first take your new vessel out for a test on the water.” “Oh yeah good idea my friend.” They took logs and started pushing the ISLE VILLA ROSA out to the waters edge. Where these little people got their strength from was unknown to anyone, only one man knew their secret – Captain Jim his first mate…

CHAPTER15 - GOOD NEWS FROM THE SEA KING…

As the crew of the Katherine Jones and Captain Jims’ vessel got ready to sail through what looked like a hurricane storm, Neptune arose from the depths of the ocean. Mast child was so terrified he clung on Jims’ waist, with concern Jim spoke and said; “My child there is nothing to fear for King Neptune is our friend.” With tears in his eyes and feeling of embarrassment he said; “Ok sorry, father.”
My friends I bring forth great news from the chief of the magical island.” So Wendy asked; “Is Roman fine?” “Even better, he and a crew of little people are sailing tomorrow back to the Caribbean and he sends his love to the family. With that news Jim and Wendy opened a case of rum and then celebrated out at sea. So Katherine cast a spell out at the sky and when everyone looked the storm was going away and all that was left was the strong wind that was on their side.
As the sun went down they got ready to set sail, so they raised the anchors and hoisted the sails and set sail-destination…Home. Now Wendy was slightly drunk, so James took position at the helm, on the other ship mast child stood close to Jim and learned how to sail and to navigate with the stars and to him it came naturally. On the fourth day out at sea, mast child was sailing the ship by himself which wasn’t uncommon in this era of piracy…
Back on the isle villa Rosa…
As the sun rose the next morning, it was time for Captain Red beard to set sail back to the Caribbean, back home to the ones he loved-his family and friends. So he gave the order to raise the sails, weigh the anchor and hoist the colours… then they were off, so he turned around and glanced one last time at that beautiful magical place he grew fond of. 
With teary eyes and happiness in his heart, he stood at the helm and opened a bottle of rum and shared it with his hearty pint sized crew and said; “Gents, it is with great pride to be sailing with the lot of ye and I am glad that ye be willing to leave ye birth place to join me crew, welcome aboard lads.”
It wasn’t long after that when the wind started to pick up, so the good captain gazed toward the east and saw dark clouds billowing in across the distance. Just like that thoughts of danger overcame the young captain but he kept a cool head, he wasn’t going to let anything happen to his new crew.
About an hour went by on the ocean when just like that the storm broke out, now folks this wasn’t just any storm…it was a hurricane storm. As the lightning and thunder rolled and lit up the sky the ISLA VELLA ROSA stood strong against the storm even the tall waves crashing against the ship. The crew looked at their captain and saw that in his eyes that look of excitement, evil, fear and above all hope.
The storm drew on for about three solid days until finally one of the men spotted land in the distance, “Land hoe captain.” He shouted with that the storm died down until the wind was just a whisper. Now folks from the north Roman spotted a British ship so he shouted; “Bring down the colors and put the British flag we have, otherwise these guys will blow us out the water.” He ordered.
As the vessel drew closer, the captain of the King George asked; “Where be the captain of this vessel?” “Argh, I be the captain of this vessel and this be me hearty crew and who might ye be?” “Captain James Bailey pleased to make ye acquaintance.” “The pleasure be mine Captain Bailey.”
“That was a very close call there Captain Red Beard.” Said one of the crew members, “Oh aye indeed it was my friends.” Said Roman. Finally Roman was at port back in the Caribbean, now as the British ship disappeared in the distance, they raised their original colors. It was good to finally see familiar faces, as they came into port they weighed anchor and rolled up the sails then they cleaned the vessel from top to bottom…(What fun ha-ha-ha ARGH)

CHAPTER 16 - ROMANS CREW RETURN

   On the fifth morning, Slug man came down from the crow’s nest and shouted; “Land at last captain.” Indeed it was, they were back home from their long journey out at sea. Now folks as the two vessels pulled into the harbor some of the men ran for their lives because they thought Long John Silver had arrived. Then without warning the British surrounded them with canons, pistols and cutlasses waiting for the order to attack. (What a welcome Home party ha-ha-ha)
Now folks before the order could be given, Roman and his crew came running and shouted aloud for all to hear; “Leave me other crew alone ye scurvy British scum for silver is dead, we managed to kill him and commandeer his ship and part of his crew. And if anything happens to any of my crew then know this… there will be hell to pay.
With that the soldiers lowered their weapons and apologized for the misunderstanding. After that Roman said; “Welcome home mom, dad and everyone else, its good to see ye all arrived safely.” So Jim replied; “It wasn’t all it was cracked up to be.” “I wish I was there with you guys, seems I missed all the fun ha-ha-ha-ha.” After all was said and done they went to the home of the Red Beards and threw a feast like no other to celebrate the safety of their voyage and adventure they all had and shared the stories round the bonfire till the sun started making its majestic appearance the next day.
Then Roman noticed Hob standing one side staring out to the deep blue sea, so he walked up behind him and said; “I can see you want to meet your brother, I can arrange it if that is what you desire.” “That would be great Roman, but will he want to see me that is the question.” “Leave that to me Hob.” So Roman called his friends aside and said; “Time for something new, we need to go and see Neptune.” So tiny asked; “What for Captain?” “It is time for the king of the sea to meet His twin brother Hob.” So they took their medallions and submerged it into the water and in no time at all their friend Neptune made his appearance…
“All aboard.” He shouted, so they made haste and then they were on their way down to the kingdom of the deep. Upon arrival they made their way to the board room and they sat down, so Neptune asked; “So what is it that you guys would like to discuss with me?” “It has come to my attention that you know not of your twin brother Hob.” Said Roman, to which Neptune replied; “How sure are you about what you are saying Captain Roman Red Beard?” “Dead certain sir, I met him on the ISLA VELLA ROSA and he gave me this here compass I have in my possession.”
So Roman handed him the compass, then Neptune opened a draw and pulled out another compass exactly like the one Roman had and asked; “When can I meet him?” “Today if it pleases you,” “I can’t wait to meet Hob.” “Nor can he your highness…” as they walked out the board room Zestine joined them and said; “Bring Hob for a visit sometime soon.” “Will do so my love.” Replied Neptune, there was silence upon the voyage back to the surface, but Roman knew what was going through the kings mind and left him be with his thoughts…

CHAPTER 17- A JOYFUL REUNION

When they got ashore Hob was waiting on the beach, when Neptune saw him he had tears in his eyes and walked up to Hob and embraced him and said; “I want you to come and visit me in the water.” “It has been my life long dream and wish to see you again my brother, when we were separated at birth I made it my goal to find ye and reconcile with you my brother so we can catch up on old times.” 
Now as Roman and his friends went to the ‘cave’ which you know by now is called pirates cove, they noticed that Jim was there already waiting for them. “Jim what are you looking for?” roman shouted; “I am waiting for you guys, I have got something for you.” Now folks with that news Roman and his mates ran down to the cave and noticed Jim hiding something behind his back and they all asked at once; “What you got for us Captain Jim?” “Oh I am sure ye can all guess what I have in me hands lads.” “It’s another Map.”
“Good guess, and don’t worry it is not another magical island Roman.” “Thank goodness for that, I don’t think I could take another month of been stranded.” Then they all laughed together and started to haul the treasure into the caves entrance, but in the distance our pirates were been watched by none other than the British sailor Captain James Bailey…
The next day as the sun rose from the sea Captain Jim woke up early and woke his son mast child and said; “Let’s go and catch that British soldier that was watching us yesterday, I think he is waiting for us to make a wrong move and then kills us all.” “But father, we are good pirates…”
“Aye son indeed we are, but not to them my son, to them we be the scum of the earth. Gone is the day that a pirate is to make his own way in the world, the era of the pirates are drawing to an end my son and we need to fight cause to them we don’t have any rights in this world.”  “Let us go and find him father but not to kill him, instead let’s negotiate and see what his intentions are savvy?” “Aye savvy.”

CHAPTER 18 -THE CONFRONTATION

So they made their way to the harbor and looked for Captain Baileys’ vessel, now they climbed aboard the King George, snuck past the sailors and went to the captains quarters and just barged in. now to their surprise the captain welcomed them and said; “I was expecting you to come but not so soon. What can I help you with today?”
“Well ye can leave us pirates be because we are not like Long John Silver, but push us far enough and we will have a war like no other, savvy?” “Well yes of course but the Dutch East India trading company are far worse than what we are and it is a huge company, but they have a weakness…” “Before ye carry on, what is to say that ye won’t betray us and give us to the enemy?”
“Well, (He rolled up his sleeve) I am actually a pirate myself, they caught me and branded me and now we sail undercover. So you and the rest of the pirates have got nothing to fear.” “So how’s Black Beard doing?” “Sorry but he is dead.” “There is a way of bringing him back to life.” “I know but we need his head, the bastards took it with them as a trophy of all things.” “Well then that is our next mission, to retrieve his head and body because we need him on our side in this battle.” “Aye Captain Jim…”
So Jim and Captain Bailey went to Romans house where all the crew met where they tried to conjure up a plan, and to their surprise mast child spoke and said; “I have an idea, but I am not sure if it will work but it is worth the effort.” (Bailey)”Well then lets us hear it young pirate.”Roman knows a few sea hags and we got Neptune on our side. How about and I don’t believe the words are coming from my mouth…Davey Jones?”
Everybody gasped, then Roman spoke and said; “If not why not, what have we got to lose we shall bargain with him.” (Romans father) “Are you out of your mind son? What will you offer him-your soul?” “Nope, 100 souls from the men we slaughter that try and stop us from retrieving black beards head and body. We are at war father and the only way we are going to win, is if all pirates and enemies stand together for freedom and to those who honour the pirates code. Savvy?”
“All in favour of Romans plan say Aye.” (all) “Aye!” ‘When do we leave son?” “At the next full moon, for we need to gather more men than what we got…”
At least a week went by and Roman gathered more supplies han he ever thought he could lay his hands on but just a handful of men which to him was very disappointing. When all hope seemed lost, Neptune came from the depths and offered assistance and said; “You can always use Ghost pirates, they can’t die.” “Why didn’t I think of that sooner? Thanks old friend, you are always a helping hand or should I say fin.” They both had a good laugh, then Roman and the king of the sea said their goodbyes.

CHAPTER 19 - GIVING JACQUELINE BACK HER POWERS AND A SECOND CHANCE

So we set a course for the island of skulls, and roman begged his mother not to go but dear Wendy didn’t want to listen cause she was stubborn much worse than James was…
Just then Joey and Jenifer arrived; “We are coming too.” They said, so Roman asked; “Are you certain you want that?” “Aye captain, we’d follow you till the end of time and beyond.” “Gentlemen and ladies, as we take his voyage some will die and some may live, but know this-when you die you die for freedom, honour and love.”
Halfway out at sea we noticed old and rugged looking ships sailing towards us, as the men wanted to ready the guns, our captain shouted; “Stop! They are on our side lads and lasses, hoist the colours and set a course for the island of skulls.” Now a lot of the sailors gasped, then Roman yelled out loud; “Billy Bo Jangle! Step forward young sailor.” “Aye Captain, how may I be of service my good Captain?” “Let’s go down to the cabin and have a little chat, just you and I savvy?” “Aye captain.”
So the Captain and Billy went down to the cabin then Roman locked the door and said; “You probably wondering why I called you down here am I right?” “Aye captain.” “Well young man we are going to see your mother the witch and then give her back her power and give her a second chance for we all deserve another chance.” “But why captain.” “Don’t question my authority dear boy, your mother is going to help us in any way possible do I make myself clear lad?” “Aye Captain Red beard sir.”
After their conversation they went above on deck, “Captain Jim.” “Aye Captain.” “How far be we, the lad be anxious to see his mother.” “Got another hundred miles to go Captain.” “Good now let’s take it easy till we get there…”
Just then, mast child climbed down the crow’s nest and with abated breathe he said; “Hurricane storm coming our way.” “Then we sail through it, anything else?” “Aye captain, British HMS approaching with probably 200 men aboard captain.” “Captain James Red Beard.” “Aye Captain Roman Red Beard sir, I feel ye have the same plan as I?” “And what my good sailor, might that be?”
“Blast the Dejesus out of them and sail through the hurricane as in years of family tradition.” “Aha great minds indeed think alike.” As they sailed toward the enemy ship they pulled their colours down so that the British ship didn’t know that the two ships coming toward them were pirates. Then just like that they raised their colours and stopped on either side and started readying the guns. Just then without thinking Wendy swung aboard the enemy vessel without the crew noticing. 
When Roman saw that, he got cold all over his body and that’s when he knew something was wrong…
With the ghost ships adrift in the distance the pirates felt more ready but, Roman was concerned because his mother was on the ship they wanted to destroy. “Where is the man called captain?” shouted Wendy, so much for the element of surprise Roman thought. So Wendy drew her cutlass and said; “Give us all ye swag now or be sent to Davey Jones locker.”
So the captain laughed and shot her in the heart and threw her body over board, as roman watched his mother’s body sink, he lost all control and gave the order; “Kill them all with canons and show no mercy, for anybody who shows mercy shall either walk the plank or get marooned on an island with no pistol with lead or gun powder!!!”
Now folks not a single tear was shed as Roman watched the ship being blown to bits, only horrifying laughter, when they were done Captain Bailey joined the other ships with his. Roman mocked him and said; “You can be lucky you are one of us that could have been you and your crew.” “Indeed, I am sorry for your loss young captain Red Beard and yours James.” “Aye thank you.”
Now folks after the battle he opened up a bottle of rum and swigged it while tears were streaming down his face, so they headed toward the hurricane which believe it or no they named ‘pirates vengeance’ which at that moment rang true, they did indeed take vengeance that day.
As Roman looked toward the ghost ships he noticed what he believed was to be his mother climbing aboard on one of them…
“I feel sorry for the crew on those Ghost ships dad.” “Why’s that son?” “Mom is on one of them.” “I couldn’t agree more son, she even scared me at times, I’m going to miss her.” “As will I father, as will I.” “We all going to miss that fiery Woman.” Said Captain Jim.
When they reached the island of skulls, Roman, his father, tiny, jack, and the twins Jimmy and Jim and let’s not forget Katherine Jones went on land and the rest of the crew stayed and guarded the vessels. “Come on Mr. Bo jangle, it is time to meet your mother.” Roman said. With those words, Billy jumped into the water and said; “First one there gets the first bottle of rum ha-ha-ha savvy?”
When they reached land they tied up the long boat down to a tree and started for the castle, about an hour passed before they reached the gates. Then just like that the castle gates opened slowly and right there stood Billy Bo Jangles mother. “Is that you mother?” asked Billy with teary eyes, Jacqueline hugged the boy and said; “My dear sweet child, I have been waiting for this moment all my life, welcome my child-so what brings you guys here hmmm?”
“We need your help and that is why I am giving you back your powers and my mum is dead.” She gave a chuckle as she said; “I am so sorry for your loss my darling but your mother has a plan.” “What on earth do you mean?” “Well dear boy your mother is still alive.” “It is not true, I saw her die.” “Trust me Roman, it is all part of the prophesy that has been laid down, after what I just saw what you guys did to that other ship out at sea, I’d say you are ready. So how is Katherine’s and I mother doing?”
“She’s doing quite well, I think the three or should I say the four of you should team up and help us out” “What do you mean four?” “Well Rodger has a new girlfriend who happens to be your sister as well and her name is Carol.”

CHAPTER 20 - RETRIEVING BLACK BEARDS BODY AND HEAD

Now folks as they set sail toward England to retrieve Blackbeard’s head and body, they met up with other pirates along the way. But instead of being enemies, they stood together as brothers with one goal in mind-and that was to destroy the Dutch East Indian trading company. With over 200 pirate ships, 4 witches and Davey Jones…
Back in England…
The British were busy planning on how they were going to destroy the pirates or at least beat them at their own game, when all of a sudden the door flew open. It was none other than James Joseph Bailey, father of Captain James Bailey, so he said; “Let them take what they want, for I have a plan tat will put some of he pirates on our side and then destroy them.” “How are ye going to acquire that sort of brain washing spell?” 
“Well as you know already, the whole worlds pirates are on their way and one of them being Roman Red Beard and his friends who also happen to be the chosen riders of the seas, and we need to stop that from happening or else…” “Or else what?” “We’re all in a whole heap of trouble.”
“That is all well said and done but you failed to mention your plan as to prevent that catastrophe from happening.” “How rude of me, I am meeting with some druids tonight at stone henge, I myself worked with them in the past and I sent my son undercover as a pirate to destroy the riders of the seas…out at sea.” “Will he be able to do it without them finding out sooner or later that he is a spy?”
“Of course he will, he has no choice, he needs to be the man like me and show no mercy, it is his destiny…”
Back at sea…
Now folks roman was busy looking up at the stars in the sky and thinking of what lay ahead, just then James Bailey stood behind him (With a pistol behind his back) “May I have a word with you Roman.” “OH aye ye can have a word, in fact you can have many words if you like.” “You not going to like what I have to say but I am just going to tell you anyway.” Romans eyes narrowed and said; “Continue…” “Well (Swallows hard), I was sent by my father to ambush you and the other pirates and to betray your trust in me but I am not going to do it anymore.”
So Roman laughed and asked; “Why the hell not? I knew what you were sent to do but I trusted you anyway, so why the change of heart?” “Well believe it or not, I have gotten used to living like a pirate without rules, living free and no ties that bind me to land.” “Hmmm, so what am I to do with you my treacherous friend. After all I shared with you and helped you with you couldn’t even fill me in on your little said plan to kill us out at sea? And to think I thought of you as a brother I never had.”
“I am truly sorry Captain Red Beard sir that is why I have come to warn you.” “Warn me? Warn me he sayeth, warn me of what Bailey” “That my father is going to use a dark magic to get most of the pirates on his side and in turn destroy them as well as the chosen riders of the sea. Please you need a plan to deflect the spell he is going to use.” “When is he planning on using the said spell hmmm?” “The next full moon” “Perfect.” “What the hell do you mean perfect? Have you gone mad?” “Trust me Bailey, just trust me…”
So Roman went down below to the cabin and ordered all four witches and his friends who were the chosen and conjured up a plan so devious and risky, that not even the goddess of the sea herself whom they call calypso…knew of the plan.
On the ghost ships…
Now Romans mother had heard that Roman had a plan and said; “In order for Romans plan to work, some of you and I don’t believe I am saying this but, some of you would have to be sacrificed to make the plan stronger and they going to need Zestines help to make them stronger.” There was a moment of silence then the 20 captains spoke and said; “What you are asking of us is a great deal, but it is for the great of good and so the pirates and us can be free.” “We are going to need black beards vessel, and I will be the captain and I need some crew members of all the ships savvy?” “Aye Captain.”
Now Roman and his father were howling with laughter then just like that Zestine and Neptune rose from the depths and said; “You are going to need five witches for your plan to work.” “Well now do tell me how you acquired the said plan?” “Your mother informed me about it and trust me those ghost pirates are afraid of your mother.” “Well, can you blame them?” everyone laughed till their bellies ached then they carried on sailing toward England…

CHAPTER 21-THE SPELLS GET CAST

“Where in the blazes are we going to find a fifth witch?” “Leave that to me.” Said Captain Bailey, as he went down to the brig on his vessel. As they waited, Roman got a strange sensation which made him worried and his skin crawl which was unusual for him. Why was Bailey taking so long, then just like that he saw him coming up with the original ‘sea hag’ and said; “This is my great grand mother and she is willing to help us, she might be old but oh boy she has a lot of magic left in her. And I used to practice with the druids at stone henge without my father knowing ‘bout it.”
“Great that’s just what we need-more power…”
“Greetings Zestine.” Said the sea hag. “Aunt Gretchen is that really you? Wow long time no see.” “Indeed my child it’s been nearly a century.” “What happened that made you vanish? I was worried that you died without saying goodbye.” “I would never do that my child, I’ve been watching over you all these years.” “It’s time to teach those druids a lesson.” “I am first going to fetch what is left of Black Beard.” When they looked again she was gone, before they could get worried, she reappeared with Black Beard-alive and well as if he had never died at all.
So Black Beard spoke and said with abated breath; “I want to meet the one they call Captain Roman Red Beard-bring he forward.” “Aye here I be Captain Black Beard, pleased to make ye acquaintance.” So he stuck out his hand as a gesture to shake it, so Black Beard gave him a big bear hug and replied; “The pleasure be mine, now we have to stop them English folk from making the confusion spell work.” The witches gasped and replied; “That is a very old and powerful spell.” “Well can it be stopped?” then Wendy spoke and said; “Yes it can, all of me crew or some of them are going to sacrifice themselves to help our Captain Romans’ plan work and make it stronger.” “Let’s hope you right darling.” “I am always right, trust me and trust our son…”
Then just like that the sky and everything around them went black and the moon went blood red. “It has begun, we must do this now and it must be done right.”
So Roman and his friends that had medallions stood by, so Gretchen asked; “Have you ever used your medallions power before?” “Not all of it, just a wee bit we haven’t experienced all of its powers yet.” “Now is the chance, are you ready chosen riders?” “Yes we are.” “So be it”
So all the worlds pirates watched the sea swell up with massive waves and powerful blistering winds from the four corners of the earth beating against their ships, then just like that there was lightning that lit up the heavens as hard as these scurvy pirates were, they were shaken to the core. So Roman and his friends took their medallions and said in one accord; “Medallions of the sea, earth, wind, fire, life, nature and peace show us all ye power and help us win this battle and protect us from the confusion spell. Your turn ladies.”
“We combine our powers and give up souls of the ghost pirates, 100 of them.” And now we all waited in silence, then we saw what looked like a bright light coming from the horizon, was it to late or would it backfire on the English-I guess only time would tell. The gust that came with the bright light almost blew our ships over, but we all stood strong, waiting for the worst to happen…

CHAPTER 22 - ROMANS PLANS CHANGE!

Then just like that mast child came from the crows nest and shouted with abated breath; “Ships coming Captain ‘bout 500 of them sir.” (Now roman was silent for a moment) “Fabulous, I need every captain of every ship by me right now savvy?” “What are you up to my boy, don’t be foolish.” Said Captain Bailey. 
Roman was silent, narrowed his eyes and spoke through his teeth; “Do I look like I am fool bailey hmm? You are the one who is a fool thinking you can be friendly when you were supposed to betray us all. And tell me why does everybody have to question my authority and motives, do you love to see me enraged and not thinking straight? Tell me now if anybody else doubts what I have planned-let them speak now or never speak again for I will make sure of it!”
“Now that I have got every bodies attention, this plan is a perfect plan that them English folk wont see coming.” “Will you get on with it Captain Red Beard?” shouted a voice from the water. “Rodger Clamalot, perfect timing my friend.” “Indeed, I thought I could help you with this perfect plan of yours.”
“Let me just discuss the one part of the plan to the pirates.” “Then I will inform them of the rest of it?”
Was this the end of the pirate era for good or was there still a glimmer of hope left for them…
Then all of a sudden our Captain Red Beard said the unexpected; “Gentlemen and Ladies, I have now got a completely different plan- (Moment of silence) I need all 700 ships to form an enormous circle around Jim and my ships.” So Jim shouted; “Roman what are you up to, have you gone stark raving mad or does it just come naturally?”
“I guess only time will tell, oh and by the way it has been honor sailing with you-may you live forever Captain Jim; you my good man still need to live oh and mast child take care of your old man till we return.” “Aye captain, now go and do what you planned to do-defy everything.”
“So listen closely everybody, the D.E.I trading company want us chosen riders of the sea to be obliterated, and rightly so, I say let’s give them what they want.” Then Black Beard spoke up and said; “This here be madness, James speak to this boy he is being foolish.” He clearly forgot what Roman said but I think Roman let it slide-for now.
“Rodger, here is the plan-the witches and Katherine are going to make a mist to make us vanish, so Jim you and mast child will climb into the longboat and make ye escape. When Rodger gives the signal then the canon fire will begin, Bailey would you be as kind as to present my flag to your father to confirm that we are no more. We will be watching over you Captain Jim.” “Where will we go Roman?” “Why to your home, Big Fish Island of course.” “We will never forget you, our Captain Roman Red Beard.”
So I Captain Jim and my son mast child, which I am yet to change his name at a later stage in our journey, climbed into the longboat and started rowing away, my arms felt like lead and so did my heart but we had to follow orders. When I turned around for a brief moment to get one last glimpse of the Katherine Jones, I noticed Wendy climb aboard and then the Katherine Jones was gone-no sooner had it vanished when without warning the canon fire started and tears were streaming down my face because it felt like I was loosing everything…

CHAPTER 23 - PRESENTING THE FLAG!
 
 Now folks as James was sailing Back to England, he was clutching the flag in his fist showing no emotion he said to his crew; “Put the flag on the front spindle of the ship, and remember we are pirates and what happened will not be mentioned. So if you value your lives then don’t have a loose mouth.” The crew remained silent for they knew he was a good man but also hard like his father at times.
As they reached the port, everybody was cheering and they had a trophy ship with them-Long John Silver’s ship…intact! Now as the crew members got off the ship, James Joseph Bailey was there to meet them with an evil grin on his smooth, milky white face. So he spoke and said; “I am glad you followed my instructions to the tee, but one must wonder how you will be able to live with yourself knowing you betrayed your friends and me?”
“How can you say I betrayed you? I did what you asked, brought you a prized ship that you could never get your hands on and now you come with this hogwash-if the riders were here then your reign will be over.” His father’s eyes grew wide in his head and his face went even more pale than what it was and he just smiled and chuckled as he said; “Let them come, I will sort them out-again and let your betrayal slide for now, lock them all up and throw my treacherous son in the dungeon!”
Now folks as they were put in irons, thick fog billowed in around the captured crew, so James senior said; “Stand ready men and be prepared for anything.”
As the fog lifted James just laughed in shock and noticed the two ships were gone as well as the crew in irons, was the crew saved by the Katherine Jones or was it by Devine intervention? Then just like that the Katherine Jones appeared with Black Beard and there was dead silence, so Roman got off the ship with his friends and said; “So you must be James Joseph Bailey, I guess that makes us family.” “What do you mean by that son?” “Well, the old sea hag is related to Katherine Jones who happens to be my grand mother.” His eyes went narrow and scoffed as he said; “You are bluffing young pirate, it be the gallows for ye and ye crew.”
“In that case I will be taking back my flag and we shall have a duel savvy?” “What are ye terms Captain Red Beard?” “Do you really think you can handle the loss of lives; if you win then you can have my crew, my fleet of ships and our lives. But if I win fair and square then it is done.” “What do ye mean by it is done?” “Well my kind sir, why spoil the surprise? You can’t prevent your fate from coming to you-you can delay it but not prevent it.”
There was silence then just like that Roman drew his golden cutlass from his side and stood ready. For years Bailey was searching for that dreaded cutlass and change his destiny yet here Roman stood with it in his hands. So Bailey dropped to his knees and raised his hands in the air and before Roman could strike, in a blink of an eye bailey vanished into thin air.
So they hurried to their ship and Captain Red Beard gave the order and they destroyed the English port and killed all the soldiers-it was glorious but the war was far from over, in fact it had just begun!!!
Out at sea…
Now as Jim was rowing, mast Childs eyes grew wide in his eyes and he pointed as he said; “Father, I see the Katherine Jones.” “My son, being out in this heat can play tricks on you-it is all in your mind. I miss them too my boy.”
Then a voice behind us asked; “Do you need a lift to your home island Captain Jim?” as I Jim turned around I thought I was dreaming, so we climbed aboard and sailed faster than ever.
So Roman spoke and said; “My good friend, after we reach your home we have to leave again but, we will always be watching over you.” “But why must you leave again?” “To prepare, but watch the horizon and you will catch a glimpse of the crew.”
I wonder what he meant by prepare, before I could ask the question-just as they appeared so quickly they were gone. I guess only time would tell whether we would be reunited-I will wait to the end of days with my son Jim the 2cnd, yes I changed his name…I really hope you enjoyed the adventure-until we meet again, hopefully we live to tell of more tales from the sea and beyond…
THE END…




About the author
 Born in 1984 in the Kwazulu Natal South Africa, at the age of 14, Rhyno Janse Van Rensburg moved to East London still in South Africa. He had a passion for music and books writing so at 18 years old that when he started writing songs and books with is first fiction book called The Mysterious Death of Martha Scott. 

 To be expected very soon by Rhyno Janse Van Rensburg
Jekyll &Hyde
A Texas fairy tale

Connect with Rhyno Janse Van Rensburg
I really appreciate you reading my book! Here is how we can connect.

Friend me on facebook: http//facebook.com/rynojaguesvanrensburg.
Email me at: mailto rhynojagues@yahoo.com


