
The Adventures of James and Misty.

By James Bickle.

First Edition

Legal Notices

This book is a work of fiction. Unless otherwise indicated, all the names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents in this book are either the product of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.




Copyright © 2022, James Bickle


All rights reserved.


ISBN-9798407397793





Contents
Preface
Chapter 1: Arrival
Chapter 2: Legal Stealing
Chapter 3: Missing
Chapter 4: Mister Black
Chapter 5: The Big Auction
Chapter 6: All Five Donuts
Chapter 7: Half of my Kingdom
Chapter 8: Misty’s Had Enough
Chapter 9: The Prize Money
Chapter 10: Strong Metal
Chapter 11: It All Happens
Chapter 12: The Alien Monolith
Chapter 13: The East Downs
Chapter 14: Grand Parties
Chapter 15: A Hateful Plan
Chapter 16: Final Violation


Preface

      It wasn’t my idea to write ‘James and Misty’ – I was chatting with a friend who also has an interest in storytelling. I was telling him about an earlier scooter I had, the man I bought it from had nicknamed it ‘Misty’ and legend has it that he would refer to ‘Misty’ affectionately, as if she were real!
   So then being a problem solver by nature, like James in the book, I joked with my friend and said ‘James and Misty’ travel around and fix problems. Then he said: ‘There’s a book there, ‘The adventures of James and Misty’. And I realised he was right, there was a book in that. 
   Then I thought about this thing people say ‘write about what you know’ so I realised that ‘James and Misty’ could work well. The beginning of the book spilled onto the page fairly easily. The rest of the book, I would not write the next scene, until I had a useful idea. 
   Running through the book in the background is the classic theme of good versus evil. Although ultimately, it’s just an adventure comedy about a young man, exasperated by just how unpleasant some people can be; yet trying his utmost to make the world a better place. Every Village, Town and City has its Provisional Paul’s and Basil Devlin’s, but I would urge you all to resist them. I’m reminded of the famous quote: ‘The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.’
 I do hope you enjoy reading ‘James and Misty’ as much as I enjoyed writing it. 

James Bickle. 22.1.22



 Chapter 1

                                Arrival

It was a warm summer day in England. A lone man was walking up the hill towards the block of flats where he lived, clutching a piece of paper. James was in his early-thirties, well-built but not exactly fat. He had black hair and pale white skin, you know, the kind of pale skin which could be easily cured with more sun. 
    James arrived into his flats communal garden slightly out of breath, either from the hill or the excitement.  
     There were nine red brick council owned flats where James lived. The garden was mainly green lawn, with rose borders. Nearest to the main building was a patio with some chairs and a table. Local Jo was sat at the table, with an ashtray and a bottle of wine. 
     Local Jo was originally from Poland, but she’d lived and worked in the UK for ages as a hairdresser. 
    Jo glanced up. “What’s going on then James?” - she was sure something would be going on with James.
“I’ve just come back from the motorcycle test centre, and this in my hand is my practical A1 automatic test pass certificate,” said James.
    “What can you do with that?” asked Local Jo.
    “I can have up to a 125cc automatic motorcycle, with no L plates, and a passenger. And most importantly no costly redoing CBT tests every two years,” replied James.
   “Wow well done, that’s cool!” said Jo. She paused, thinking for a moment. “So, what’s the next move then James?”
    “Well, first thing in the morning, I’m heading over to Difficult Gary’s motorcycle shop, to see if he’s got any good 125s.”
     “Good luck with that,” said Jo with a laugh. She coughed as she drew on her cigarette. “Have you heard about the Gypsy campsite on the edge of town James? Everyone’s talking about it, they’re saying the police are going to move them on,” said Jo.
    “Gypsies are often the most loyal and hardworking people you can ever meet, it will be alright,” he replied.
     James said his goodbyes to Local Jo. He headed into his flat, unscrewed the bedroom floorboard and counted out his stash of twenty-pound notes, which came to £1320. He hoped and prayed it would be enough to buy the 125 tomorrow, as £1320 was all he had.

 The morning light shone through the curtains waking James up. He jumped up; he wasn’t one for lay ins. Besides it was 125cc day, James dressed always the same, navy blue jeans and jumper, with white T shirt and brown shoes. 
     He scanned the news whilst he waited for Difficult Gary’s motorcycle shop to open, he didn’t want to arrive early, that would be sure to wind Gary up. With the £1320 crammed into his wallet, he left his flat at 8.40am and half walked, half ran to the bike shop.
     Gary had bought the old fire station when it came on the market and it had turned out to be ideal. The front of the building was motorcycle repairs and MOT’s, and out the back were the sales bikes. 
     Gary was originally from Wales, he was a tall man, with a big shock of ginger hair. Gary had a pinkie complexion, but if he got cross, he could quickly turn bright red. He would tower over you if you said the ‘wrong’ thing, all shouty, ginger and red.
      But Gary could be charming and funny, and James and Gary would often text and meet up for a beer. 
      Gary nodded as James walked into the shop. “James, Sir! What can I do you for?” he said not altogether seriously.
“Well,” said James. “I’ve got through the CBT, Theory test, Part 1 practical dodging around cones and Part 2 where you get followed by the government guy on a BMW, so I now have an A1 license.”
       Gary looked quite shocked on hearing all this.
       “So, you’ve self-studied through the A1 license, the automatic version? And I assume you took it on a moped,” said Gary, who was rather quick on the uptake.
“Well Gary, any bike over 49cc, auto or manual, is classified as a motorcycle, as you well know. You have to take the A1 test on a 125cc anyway, so it wasn’t done on a moped,” said James. 
     “Technicalities dear boy,” said Difficult Gary, as he glowed slightly red.
     “Er, yes technicalities. Anyway, Mr Gary young Sir, have you got any decent 125s for sale? I’ve saved up some £20s from the computer repairs,” said James.
      “Step into my office!" said Gary with a laugh as   he ushered James into the dimly lit, cobwebby bike sales area. “I’ve got quite a few bikes, but only 3 125s, there’s a chopper, a sports and this automatic scooter,” said Gary.
       “Ah, let’s see the scooter,” said James.
The scooter was a bright blue Peugeot. It looked new, but was in fact 3 years old. It had nice big 16” wheels. I could live with this bike thought James. 
      “It belonged to a man who bought it, but then got too old to ride it. I will get it started for you James,” said Gary.
       Difficult Gary, tried the electric start, the engine turned over fine but wouldn’t start. He then tried the kick starter, but still nothing. Gary sat for a moment, he scratched his head, perplexed. 
       Just then the shop bell rang and another customer walked in. “Excuse me a moment,” said Gary.
      “No worries,” said James and he followed Gary back into the front of the shop. 
       It was a local young man called Dave, who had a mechanical problem with his 50cc bike. 
“So, the thing will start and run, but if I rev it up, nothing happens, it just stays at low revs,” said Dave.
       Gary and James listened intently; they both had their ideas about what the problem could be. 
      “That will almost certainly be the piston rings, when they get worn, engines won’t rev up, and have a lack of power. A simple test will confirm it, I can either sell you the new parts, or you can leave it with me to repair,” said Gary.
     “Well yes, err can do, the truth is I’m low on cash right now Gary, this is going to have to wait till pay day,” said Dave.
There was an awkward silence, then James spoke up. 
      “Also, those particular 4 stroke engines have a reed valve in the rocker box, if the valve fails, you can get the same symptoms. The trick is to just take the valve out completely. I could pop in on my way home and take a look Dave, it won’t take ten mins,”
      “It won’t be the reed valve,” said Gary crossly. 
       There was another little silence.
       “Um well, OK thanks so much James, see you soon,” said Dave, and he said his goodbyes. 
       “Right, I’m going to have to check the scooter out and get back to you,” said Gary.
        As Gary said this, James was going to leave, but then he saw an indicator flash out the back, in the area where the scooter was stood. 
      “Can we please give the scooter just one more try to see if it will start,” said James.
   “OK, one more try,” said Gary.
Gary turned the key in the scooter and tried the starter once again. Immediately the scooters engine broke into life. James checked the milometer, only 40km it said, it all seemed good.
   James pushed all his cards onto the table. “Gary these bikes are £1999 new, I’ve got £1300 cash in my wallet right now. Have we got a deal?”.
   Gary thought for a moment, and pulled a face that went from down to up and back again.  
   “Go on then, it’s a fair offer,” said Gary.
   James counted out the twenties to Gary, the remaining £20 note he secreted back in his wallet, that would pay for the road tax. 
   James joked with Gary that the beers were on him this weekend. He then put on his safety helmet and set off on the scooter. 

   On the way home, James stopped at Dave’s and looked at the reed valve which was broken into two pieces. He took it out and did up the 10mm nuts again. Dave’s bike was well and truly fixed.
   Dave’s mum and dad were so pleased that his bike was fixed, that they wouldn’t take no for an answer about paying for James’ bike insurance. 
This new motorcycle is good, great even, thought James as he carefully rolled it into his garage and covered her up. As he walked out of the garage, he stopped and stared hard at his new scooter, who stayed quite still.
   “Hmm, you’re a very mysterious bike” said James aloud. “We shall have to name you Misty”. And with that he locked the garage door and turned away into the night. 




Chapter 2

Legal Stealing

James ran a computer repair business and it had been a busy week so far. Back in his flat, He was taking the chance to get a little nap, but then the phone rang. 
He jumped up to answer, as he always took calls. “James here, do you have a computer issue I can help with?”
“James, It’s Paul, you doing alright yeh? Got something wrong with my work computer, no sound, can you come over and take a look?”
“No worries,” said James. “Misty and myself, will be over right away, at your Yard business, correct?”
“MISTY!?” as if to say what on earth is Misty.  “And yeh the yard,” said Paul.
Provisional Paul was important in the little town, he owned and ran the car scrap yard (with car sales section) and he also ran the most popular pub in Town. There were rumours circulating that Paul was involved with crime and that he’d once killed a man by injecting him with air. But James to date, had always found Paul civil, and anyway, he liked to give people the benefit of the doubt. 
Just as James was riding Misty into Paul’s Yard, Misty’s engine cut out and wouldn’t restart, so he had to park Misty outside and walk in on his own. The engine cut out concerned James, but he kept his cool, that would be his next job, just now he was working for Provisional Paul. 
Most of Paul’s yard was taken up by rows of scrap cars, they were piled on top of each other, up to four cars high. To the right was a tyre fitting area and then Paul’s portacabin office, between the two James noticed what looked like a nice caravan, its blue and white paintwork shone from underneath tarpaulins, it was a big caravan too, with shiny chrome wheels.
“Hey Paul! Let the dog see the rabbit then. And yeh nice caravan you have there, I’ve always fancied one myself,” said James.
Paul’s eyes narrowed and he leaned forward in his executive leather chair and stared James hard in the eye. “You’re here to fix the computer James, the caravan I may, or not may not have, is none of your business, OK,” said Paul who suddenly looked kinda scary. 
“Yeh, yeh, you haven’t got any worries there Paul, I mean what caravan? I didn’t see one,” said James who sometimes talked too much, when it would be better to say nothing.
Paul looked baffled for a moment by James’s last remark. But then he broke into laughter, he slapped James on the back in a friendly way. “Beer, Coffee?”
“Yes to both” said James and they both laughed a little more. 
James quickly found out that the problem with the computer was muted speakers in Windows, but you wouldn’t tell Paul that. 
“There was a software fault with the audio, which I’ve rectified by recalibrating the audio configuration in Windows,” said James, to spare Paul’s blushes. 
“Ah sounds technical, but great it’s fixed,” said Paul. He then tucked £50, instead of £40 into James’s top shirt packet.
“Have a drink on me,” said Paul.
“Thanks so much Paul! See you Saturday night!” said James.
When he got back to Misty, she started up fine immediately. James wondered about this intermittent engine problem, but he didn’t say anything. 

Saturday night had arrived, James was already in clean clothes and about to leave for his night out at Paul’s pub. He combed the front of his hair up into a 1950s style quiff and fixed it with a bit of hairspray. James locked up his flat and stepped out for the short walk to the pub.
Provisional Paul’s pub was called ‘The Grieving Monkey’ and it truly was the biggest pub in town. It had once been quite posh, but Paul had made it into a cool, live music pub. He had closed down the larger dining area to focus on selling drinks. 
You see Paul had an animal cunning; he knew there was no money in food. Instead, he put out free snacks along the bar, cheese rolls, chips and peanuts etc, this was something his customers liked a lot. 
The Grieving Monkey had a lived-in air about it, there were fresh disinfectant cubes chucked in the men’s urinals every day. It was hard to see in the light, but the carpet around the bar seemed to have bits of chewing gum trod into it. But no one cared, or indeed dared to bring this up with Paul. 
It was a Saturday night, so Paul was running the bar, James patiently waited in the queue to get served. Paul had dirty blonde hair, with a pony tail and stood 6 feet 2 inches tall. With his angular jaw, he looked like a B list movie star. 
James got his drink and stood at the other end of the bar, next to Local Jo and Difficult Gary.
“Hey James,” they both said at once.
“Hey you two crazy kids,” said James
“I like your hair, is that a quiff,” said Jo.
“Your quiff reminds me of a pork chop,” said Gary.
Jo and Gary giggled, James inwardly took a deep breath and smiled at them both. 
“Hey Gary, I stopped off at Dave’s after buying the bike from you, turns out it was the reed valve, it took me ten minutes to fix it. Then Dave’s parents insisted on paying for my bike insurance, so things worked out well,”
“Nice one James, well done,” said Jo.
But Difficult Gary went bright red. “You fu**ing c**t!” he exclaimed to James.
James wasn’t sure if Gary was joking or not, he’d noticed some free chairs at the other end of the pub, so he made his excuses to Jo and Gary and sat in a chair. 
A middle-aged man and a younger woman approached James’ table.
“Mind if me and my daughter sit here mate?” said the man.
“Help yourself!” said James. 
“I’m Duke, this is my daughter Leanda,” said the man.
“I’m James, nice to meet you,”.
“Leanda will get us some drinks, I see you’re having Amstel James, don’t worry, on us nipper,”
Leanda kindly brought the drinks over, the three swapped small talk for a while, James found out that Duke and Leanda were Gypsies staying at the local site. 
They chatted some more, but just then Leanda burst into tears.
“What’s wrong Leanda, are you OK?” said James, to an obviously not OK Leanda.
Leanda didn’t know why, but she felt like she trusted James, even though she had only met him an hour ago. 
“Someone’s stolen Dad’s caravan, he’d only had it 18-month, lovely thing it was, I’m so upset, we’re living in a teepee tent James, it’s a joke, I’m so upset,” said Leanda. 
Poor Duke was trying to hold it in, but he was obviously upset about the stolen caravan too.
James was sad to hear about their plight. He thought for a moment, no, it couldn’t be?
James took a deep breath and lowered his voice.
“Was it a large caravan, blue and white with chrome wheels?” he said.
“Yes!!” said Duke and Leanda both at once with raised voices. 
James stole a glance over his left shoulder, Provisional Paul didn’t seem to be around. He leaned towards his new Gypsy friends and said in hushed tones.
“I may be able to help get the caravan back, you two leave the pub now, I will follow in half an hour, meet me at your campsite in an hour,” said James.
You see James had realised two things, that the caravan under tarpaulins at Paul’s was probably Duke’s, and if they were to have any hope of getting it back, they would have to move real fast.
Duke simply said “Understood,”. He then nodded at James and left with Leanda. 

James waited 15 minutes and then ran home to get Misty. He got his crash helmet on and scooted over to the Gypsy campsite. 
Duke and Leanda had not long arrived and were brewing a kettle of tea, next to their Tepee Tent.
They greeted James hopefully.
“So, I’ve seen this exact caravan at Provisional Paul’s yard under tarpaulins, it must be the same one, all the colours fit,” said James. 
“We’re going to have to steal it back,” said Duke.
“Yes, what you might call legal stealing,” said James, who’d once done a law course.
Duke stretched his braces and outlined his ideas. “We’re going to need a plan here, I use the bolt cutters to get through the padlock, we then go in with something small and tow the van out,”
“Well, there’s a Security Guard there, and if we’re to tow it out, we need to use something small and stealthy,” said James.
“That’s a 125 you have there right, she’s what 10 horsepower? With a tow rope on her grab rail, that will tow the caravan out, the lands flat right,” said Duke.
Leanda stepped forward, “I have a plan, these Security Guards, they’re always on training courses yes. I will go around the front and distract him by posing as being from his company, and I’m there for a late-night welfare check and to remind him to sign up for the anti-terror training course,” 
“Brilliant idea!” said James. 
Duke nodded in agreement. 
“We need face coverings to hide our identity, metal torches, tow ropes and bolt cutters and we should leave tonight, as soon as we’re ready. Have you got any bolt cutters Duke?” said James. 
“This is a gypsy campsite James; we have bolt cutters!” said Duke, with a laugh.
James giggled. “er, well yeh of course,” he said.

 It was now past midnight and Duke, Leanda and James and Misty met at the agreed spot near to Paul’s yard. 
Duke and James were at the back entrance, which had an inner and outer padlocked gate. Duke set to work, cutting through the padlock on each gate. 
Meanwhile, Leanda, dressed up smart in black was at the front talking to the Security Guard. Leanda was confident in her subterfuge, and the guard just assumed she was from his company. 
Just as Leanda and the guard were talking, a loud alarm went off at the other end of the yard where Duke was cutting through the last padlock. 
Leanda quickly made her excuses and headed back to the campsite as planned. 
“Oh no, perhaps we should just run,” said Duke.
James thought fast. “The guard won’t attempt to confront us alone, they aren’t allowed. He will call Provisional Paul for back up, that gives us about 4 minutes to get in and out,” he said.
Both gates were now open and James rode Misty into position ready to tow, whilst Duke took the caravan handbrake off. The tow rope was soon fixed around the caravan and James revved Misty up and tried to pull the caravan away.
But it just didn’t move, and James was now getting really worried. 
Suddenly, Misty’s headlight came on and Misty turned round by herself and lit up a padlocked wheel clamp on the caravan which they hadn’t previously seen. 
Huh? Misty’s gone berserk, thought James.
Then, realising, James shouted and pointed to Duke “Get your bolt cutters, the wheel clamp!” 
As Duke was cutting through the wheel clamp, the security guard flashed his torch and shouted over.
“Paul will be here in a minute you thieving scum and he aint gonna be as kind as me, he’s gonna hurt you, now get lost!”
Duke and James ignored him. 
The wheel clamp was finally free, James revved Misty’s engine high, and slowly but surely the caravan moved. 
Several hundred meters away, at the other end of the yard, Paul’s Mercedes had now arrived, James could make out Paul’s big blonde ponytail and octagonal glasses in the Merc’s headlights.
Paul shouted over, as he headed towards James and Duke.
“Steal my flippin gear will you, death by air injection will be too good for you lot, just you wait,”
It was looking like Paul might catch them, but just as they all got through the inner gate, Duke stopped by it.
“Don’t stop! Paul’s gaining on us, we have to go now,” said James.
“Hang on,” said Duke, and with that he whipped out a shiny new padlock and key out of his pocket and locked up the inner gate with it. 
Paul arrived at the inner gate, but of course Paul’s key didn’t fit Dukes new padlock, so Paul was stuck, locked inside his own yard. 
A furious Provisional Paul leaned against the gate shaking it violently, his face squashed into the wire mesh.
“I’m gonna get you! I will hunt you down! Whoever you are,” said Paul.
But Duke, James, Misty and the caravan were now well clear of Paul’s yard and heading straight back to the Gypsy campsite. 
“Meet you at the campsite Duke, shouted James,” And he flicked Misty’s headlight back on. 
There was much joy back at the Gypsy campsite about the recovery of Duke’s caravan, somebody even called James a local hero. 
All James said was “All the best ideas were Duke and Leanda’s, I just did what any decent citizen would,”
But secretly James was thrilled at the success of the nights adventure. 
 
After church the next morning, James was back at his flat, enjoying a jam donut. 
His doorbell went, he jumped up, through the frosted front door glass, he could make out the shape of Provisional Paul.
James took a deep breath and opened the door. 
“There was a robbery at my place last night, you wouldn’t happen to know anything about this would you. Being I saw you looking at the caravan the other day, plus my security guard thinks he saw a Scooter,” said Paul. 
James thought fast. “Paul, this is awful! So sorry to hear! But I can guarantee you I had nothing to do with it, I was at your pub most of the evening, then I went straight home to sleep, as I had church early this morning,”
Paul listened intently to James and studied his expressions.
“Well, I will take your word for it this time James, but if I find out you’re lying to me, well you know the rumours.” as Paul said this, with his hand he did a syringing motion and it looked really menacing. 
“You’re good Paul, you know I’m your mate,”
With that Paul left and James sat back in his chair relieved.
 James’s conscience was clear, he didn’t believe he’d lied to Paul. After all, the greater good was involved, this was merely legal lying. 




Chapter 3

                               Missing

There must have been over a hundred people in the crowd shouting support for Basil Devlin.
Basil was a popular politician in James’ home town of Bunley, who was up for re-election. 
Basil had brown curly hair and he was hugely corpulent, but he carried the weight well, you didn’t see a 30 stone man when you looked at him, you just saw likeable and funny Basil. 
Basil was running on conserve the land type policies, like no new housebuilding, cut back welfare and let’s keep undesirables out. These policies were very popular with the local people, even the poorer people. You tended not to think about what Basil’s policies would mean, because just looking at his face made you laugh.
However, James, who’d figured out that the poorer people of his town did need housing and maybe even welfare – as there wasn’t enough jobs to go around in his town – was there in protest at Devlin’s policies. 
James had a hand painted banner which said: 
MORE JOBS! 
MORE HOUSING! 
DEVLIN OUT!
He’d made it the day before, from an old white t shirt which didn’t fit any more, and some black paint, with bamboo garden sticks to hold it up.
Misty was parked three streets away, firstly in case she got knocked over in the crowd and secondly James just didn’t think Misty would want to go to a Basil Devlin rally. 
James wondered if he was the only person protesting against Basil, but just then a lady in a wheel chair waved urgently at him. He peered through the crowd; it was Jane. 
Jane was crying. 
James hurried over to Jane who he knew vaguely from the pub. The meaner people of Bunley would call her Jelly Jane, but James called her Jane. 
“Everything OK Jane?” said James.
“My wheelchairs stuck, I can’t get it to move, I only came here to protest against Devlin and now I’m blimming stuck here,” said Jane. 
James looked over the wheelchair, the brake was stuck fast, it wouldn’t move by hand. 
“Jane, I’m going to have to give the brake a big kick, it’s the only thing for it, it might go one of two ways,” he said.
“Try anything you can,” said Jane looking anxious.
James swung back his boot and with all his might, he kicked the brake lever. There was a metallic breaking noise and the brake lever flew off into the crowd, spinning like a Catherine wheel. But the wheelchair started moving again.
Jane and James looked to the floor, as Devlin’s people looked in the crowd to find out who threw the projectile.
“Jane, we need to get out of here, we may have accidentally committed an offence I’m going to have to push you home, as this wheelchair has no brakes!” said James.
“Right you are,” said Jane. 

James and Jane soon arrived back at her flat.
Jane had blonde hair, that she liked to dye silver. She was slim and in her mid-twenties.
“I think we deserve a sugary Cola after all that,” said Jane.
“That drinks about the best you can get!” said James, who was a big fan of sugary Cola.
Jane was already sat down, so James sat down on a chair. 
Jane was a big fan of the colour purple and she had purple curtains, carpets and lampshades. On the walls were a mixture of heavy metal and political posters. 
Jane’s place is an interesting mix thought James.
They made small talk for a while and they got to know each other better. James found out that Jane had been officially diagnosed with Floppy Body Syndrome or FBS for short and that she could no longer walk or do her basic care, cooking or cleaning. James had seen cases of Floppy Body Syndrome on the internet, but he’d never seen a real-life case and he was rather fascinated. 
James discreetly checked on his phone, FBS apparently afflicted women in particular, who were between the ages of 20 and 40, according to a FBS support website.
They chatted for a little more, but just then Jane looked really sad.
“I just don’t know what to do anymore, my FBS is getting worse James, I’m going to need to get a hoist installed, you know, like how actors bob about on wires, to get me around my flat. Or else, I’m just going to be stuck on the bed for hours at a time, in between carers,” said Jane.
“OMG, that would be awful for you,” said James getting really concerned now.
“Plus, there’s another threat to me, Basil Devlin’s business ‘The Devlin Partnership’ has bought out my block of flats, Devlin’s working in partnership with Provisional Paul. I’ve received notification James, they plan to double my rent, they say it’s only to bring my rent into sync with the market rate and that the increase will be a fantastic thing, that will pay for many improvements in the letter. But the thing is, I can’t afford to pay double, I will end up homeless,”
“I see, this is all awful,” said James.
There was a short silence. 
“I’m thinking if I have a baby, this would really help a lot,” said Jane suddenly.
“I’m not sure a baby’s a good idea at the moment Jane,” said James. 
James was now visibly shocked at hearing all this, he stood up and paced around thinking.
There were several things to deal with here. Could the Floppy Body Syndrome be cured? And could he somehow stop the Devlin Partnership making Jane homeless. And there was this thing about a baby, yet Jane’s FBS was worse, how would she look after it? 
James had seen Jane’s legs moving already, he wondered if the FBS was more of a psychological illness, than a physical illness. Even if this was the case, it didn’t matter to James, as he believed in parity of esteem for physical and mental illnesses. 
James wracked his brains to think how he could help Jane, but nothing was coming, he needed to buy himself some time.
“Jane, you poor thing, it must be awful to have these things hanging over you. Now, if you’re to have a hoist fitted, we’re going to need to measure up and do some research. Can I come back to you at the end of the week Jane, after I’ve looked into these things more,” said James.
Jane was surprised that James wanted to take all this on, was he crazy? she thought.
“That’s kind of you to want to help, but I’m not sure you can, see you later this week,” said Jane
James said his goodbyes to Jane and headed off through Bunley town centre and back to his own flat. As he walked, he realised there was only one thing that would help here.
It was time to pay Mister Black a visit. 

A troubled James spent the evening at his flat watching comedies to try and distract his mind from the whole Jane business. 
That night James slept badly, he had a dream that he no longer had Misty, but that he had a much bigger Honda CBR 600 motorcycle. The CBR 600 was a powerful, heavy bike. In the dream James lost his balance on the CBR in a busy Bunley High Street, the bike fell over, it was so heavy that he couldn’t pick it up for want of trying. People in Bunley High Street were laughing at his vain attempts to pick the 600, really laughing and pointing at him, it was horrible and embarrassing.
James suddenly woke up covered in sweat.
“Don’t laugh at me, I can pick it up, I just have to get the right angle,” shouted a half-asleep James to no one. 
James was rather fond of jam donuts as you know, but he was on one of his health kicks. So instead, he had a breakfast of porridge oats and blueberries with semi skimmed milk. He mentally planned his day. He planned to head into the big city to go into The Emporium, which was a big superstore to buy all things. He wanted to size up the hoists and see if it was feasible to install one into Jane’s flat. The thought of Jane trapped on the bed in between carers was too horrible to think about. 

James went out to the garage to do his pre ride checks on Misty. He checked tyre pressures and oil levels, he visually inspected nuts and bolts for security. He breathed on a soft cloth and rubbed it over Misty’s shiny plastics. James got his leathers on, started Misty up and the two friends rode off briskly towards the big city. 
James and Misty pulled into the gigantic car park of The Emporium, which was a huge superstore in the city.
He eventually found his way to the section that contained hoists. The superstore had those high ceilings that warehouse retail units have. 
James looked up, there were three different hoists set up as demonstrators, they had hand controllers for the hoist motor and human type dummies were strapped into them. 
James reached for the controller and pressed the up arrow; he watched the hoist motor raise the human dummy up a good ten metres high and then down again.
Pretty good hoist, he thought to himself, as he checked the price tag. 
Just then, James was shocked to see Provisional Paul and his wife strolling around the shop with a trolley piled high. 
James momentarily panicked, but quickly regained his composure. 
Had Provisional Paul followed him to the store? Was he trying to intimidate him related to the caravan? He wasn’t really sure what was going on.
Paul was a formidable looking figure, with his height, and heavy build. His octagonal glasses glinted in the bright shop lighting.
“Ah James, fancy seeing you here,” said Provisional Paul, with a not entirely friendly smirk.
“Hey Paul, what’s going on?” said James with his best innocent half smile.
“Me and the Mrs are just stocking up, so you wanting to buy a hoist James? Let’s strap you in and check and see how she fits,” said Paul with a wry smile.
“Um, you’re good Paul, it’s not for me you see, it’s for a friend, I’m sure the hoist will be as strong as the manufacturers specs,” said a now concerned James. 
“Come on James, you won’t know for sure how good it is, until you try it will you,” said Paul.
The fixed smile then fell from Paul’s face, and changed into a menacing, cold stare. Paul slowly walked the ten paces to where James was stood and leaned towards his ear.
“Get-In-The-Hoist.” said Paul to James quietly, so his wife couldn’t hear his threatening tone. 
“Ah well, you may have a point Paul, it’s good to test things,” said James.
And with that James busied himself removing the human dummy and carefully strapping himself into the hoist, whilst Paul hovered over him.
“Good, Good, you’re in!” said Paul as he pressed the up arrow. 
Slowly, the hoist’s motor raised James up to the full ten metres high. He felt a bit scared and embarrassed up there on the hoist, people were starting to stare and point at him dangling away ten metres high. 
Then, so the CCTV couldn’t see, Paul hid the hoists controller inside his leather coat, and with his other hand, he yanked the wires out of the hoist’s controller.
James was now stuck ten metres high, with no working controller to bring him back down. 
Paul burst into a cruel victory laugh and pulled out his phone and took a video of James dangling high up. 
“Take that as a warning James,” shouted Paul. Then, Paul and his wife left the area and calmly continued their shopping.
“Help, somebody help, I’m stuck!” shouted a very humiliated James.
Some shoppers were laughing and pointing at him, other shoppers were concerned for his welfare.
The fire brigade was called to rescue him, because it was indoors, it made for a difficult rescue and it was 3 hours before a tired, really needing a wee James was lowered down to safety. 
James sat in the manager’s office and had a cup of coffee and a bar of chocolate and was soon feeling better.
“I’m not really sure what happened, how did you get stuck up there?” said the store manager to James.
“Well, we were just testing a hoist and something seemed to go wrong, we may still want one though, thanks for your help,” said James.

And with that, and with nothing hurt except his pride, he strode out to the car park to meet up with Misty.
But Misty was nowhere to be seen.
James’ heart sank as he looked around the car park, where was Misty? Had she been stolen? This was just typical he thought, could today get any worse.
James took a deep breath and steadied himself, he’d been in worse situations, what he needed here was a plan. He decided to sweep the area: with the help of his phone navigation app, James drew out some rough maps onto paper. He pinned his current location and then drew three circles, a 1-mile radius, 2 mile and 3 miles. Each circle, he divided into four quadrants, North, East, South and West.
James decided to start in the North quadrant and work clockwise through each quadrant in his efforts to find Misty. It was still only about 2pm and summer, so he had several hours of daylight left.
He tightened his black army rucksack and readied himself for the big walk ahead. Just before he set off, he looked to the sky and said a prayer.
“Please God, send her back to me, I’ve only had her three weeks,”.
As James traversed through the first quadrant, he stopped as many passers-by as he could, showed them Misty’s photo and asked the same question.
“Have you seen Misty? She’s missing you see!” 
Some passers-by looked confused and one man said.
“A flipping moped! I thought you had lost you’re a family member or something,” 
James had replied curtly: “It’s not a moped, it’s a motorcycle OK,” and marched on.
James trudged round and round for hours and he was getting quite sad as he got to the second to last quadrant in the 3-mile circle. He was now in one of the outer districts of the city walking along a row of alternative type shops.  
Just as his hope was fading, James thought he saw Misty a couple of hundred metres ahead. He broke into a jog, then a run, and then a sprint!
“MISTY!, what the hell are you doing all the way out here?” said James. 
There was no one else about and the light was fading. Misty was parked with her headlight facing a shop front. 
Then, Misty kept flashing her headlight off and on into the shop window, illuminating the products for sale which were mostly baby dolls and toys. 
By now, James had realised there was something different and magical about Misty, but he dared not tell anyone for fear of them thinking he was mad. So when Misty kept flashing her headlight into the shop, he stopped short and looked, and thought hard.
What was Misty trying to say here? wondered James.
Misty’s headlight kept flashing on and off, right on some realistic baby dolls.
“Baby? Babies? Dolls” thought James.
His mind whirred away for a minute more then it came to him. Someone with Floppy Body Syndrome had wanted a baby, but it hadn’t been practical. Misty wanted him to buy a doll. 
“Jelly Jane!” exclaimed James excitedly.
The doll shop was still open for another half hour, so James went in and bought the cutest, most realistic baby doll he could find, he then squashed and wrestled the doll – apparently called ‘Sycamore’ - into Misty’s top box as best he could and the two chums rode the 15 miles back to Bunley.
That night, James sleep very well indeed…




Chapter 4

Mister Black

The next day, James visited Jane and gave her the realistic baby doll. 
Janes eyes lit up with excitement and joy on receiving it. 
“Look Jane, I know this cute realistic baby doll isn’t the ideal, but it’s a stepping stone, like a kind of training aid,” said James. 
Jane beamed at him. “It’s great James, thank so much for caring, it’s really cheered me up, I’m going to go into Bunley town centre tomorrow to buy Sycamore some nappies and baby grows,”
A dark side of James felt like laughing at Jane at this moment, but he quickly suppressed the darkness, especially as he believed that mockery was an underrated evil.
He took a deep breath. “Jane, I get where you’re coming from with these nappies and baby grows, will you need some sterilising equipment too?” said James (without the hint of a smirk). 
“Hmm, good point, I’m going to have to make a list,” said a now getting serious about this Jane.
James watched and listened to Jane, the first part of this was going well, but the second part, well he would need Mister Black’s help. 
As well as the doll, James had arrived with strawberry Angel Delight and a tub of double cream. And using fresh milk from the fridge, James rustled the lovely pudding up and the two friends tucked into a mid-morning treat.
“Now Jane, I realise the gravity of the threat you’re facing re the doubling of your rent and likely homelessness, I really do,” said James.
He continued: “I will admit, I’m a bit stuck on this so far, but. I have a contact, a higher counsellor to meet with. Mister Black will know Jane,”
Jane, who was now flying high as a kite on all the sugar, stared at James bemused.
“Mister Black!?? that sounds like a silly made up name in a children’s comic James, who the hell is Mister Black,”
James fought back feelings of anger, how dare this woman besmirch Mr Black’s name, I mean what did she know. But again, he recovered quickly.
“Jane, Mister Black isn’t his real name, it’s just what he calls himself. I don’t even know his real name, I’m not even sure Mister Black himself knows,” said James.
“Oh,” said Jane. 
There was a little lull in the conversation, while they both spooned the last mouthfuls of strawberry pudding and double cream into their mouths.
“Well Mister Black it is James, I guess, but you will be back, won’t you. I know this sounds weird, but somehow I sense you’re my only hope,” said Jane. 
On hearing this last remark, James dropped his spoon into the bowel with a thud and glanced at Jane in a new light.
Was Jane one of us? James wondered, he didn’t dare think about that now, he just mentally parked the possibility. 
James said his goodbyes to Jane and headed home, he prepared himself to meet Mister Black.

Mister Black lived in a power station, that he’d bought and converted into a home. It was some 80 miles away; this was the first time James had been on a longer journey with Misty. So he did his preparation.
First, he made sure he had emergency puncture repair equipment on board, a tool kit, a new spark plug and a spare can of petrol tied on.
 Next, there was consideration to be given to other emergencies, what if society were to collapse when he was over 30 miles from home and he couldn’t get back. He was going to need his bug out bag!
The bug out bag was a big rucksack, full of everything you might need to start a new life in the event of societal collapse. Inside James’ was a wash kit, a solar FM/AM radio with a hand crank too, three days food and water, a cooking stove, a change of clothes and lightweight emergency shelter equipment. 
Then there was self defence equipment, it goes out without saying that James’ self defence equipment was legal, I won’t say here what it was, but you can imagine, I’m sure. 
Three days food and water isn’t much, so there was fishing and hunting equipment and books about survival, and edible foods in nature. All this was now crammed into his 45 litre rucksack. Prepare for the worst, hope for the best thought James. 
James set out about 8am for the journey to Mister Blacks. Misty seemed to enjoy the journey; she didn’t complain at all. 
After a few hours, James arrived at the large woods where he lived. Buried several miles inside the woods was Mister Black’s converted power station. 
He hadn’t told him he was visiting, it didn’t work like that, you just turned up when it was the right time. Besides, Mister Black doubtless already knew he was on his way. 
As James and Misty got further into the woods, he approached a gate, an electric motor whirred and the gate opened itself, it let the two of them through and promptly closed behind them.
James started navigating Misty down the single-track road to Mister Blacks, it was just a dirt road, so he kept the speed right down. 
After about 20 minutes, James and Misty arrived into a large clearing, stretched out in front of them was the huge structure of the power station. 
The power station was built in the Victorian era and made from that lovely red brick they used to use then. It didn’t have high chimneys, it wasn’t that type of power station, but it had lots of rooms and lots of windows. Not windows with curtains, just dark windows you couldn’t see into. 
James, who’d visited several times previously pulled Misty around to the front entrance, where Mister Black’s residential quarters were, he dismounted, parked Misty, and stepped forward to the front door. 
James wasn’t one to get nervous usually, but as he pressed the old fashioned black and white doorbell, he felt a flush of nerves. 
After quite a long wait, Jensen, Head of Mister Blacks security team answered the door. 
“James! Well, this is unexpected, I suppose you’ve come to see the boss,” said Jensen. 
“Yes I have,” replied James simply. 
“Well I’m not sure he’s expecting you, I’m going to have to check with him, wait here please,”
Jensen withdrew indoors to check things whilst James rolled his eyes. Just let me in Jensen for goodness’s sake, he thought. 
James waited for ten more minutes, he was starting to feel a bit fed up with all the waiting as he was tired after the long ride. 
But just then, the door flew open and Mister Black was right there. 
Mister Black spoke: “James, I was waiting for your arrival, you’re a little late though and moreover where you have been?” 
James started talking fast, “Well I had to pack my bug out bag and my apologies for not calling in sooner, but have you tried living in Bunley. It’s a needy town,” he said. 
Mr Black sighed with exasperation, “Bunley, Bunley, there are greater things afoot than Bunley James. Things of critical importance to all our futures James.”
“My apologies once again Mister Black for interrupting your work,” said James.
“You don’t need to apologise; I’m merely pointing out there are greater things afoot. You are where you are, and I am where I am,” said Mister Black. 
“Yes, Indeed,” said James. 
“Well come through to my study, let’s hear all about it then,” said Mister Black.
“Right you are,” said James, as he stepped through the house. 
As they walked, James looked sideways at Mister Black, who was a tall, slim man, he dressed always in a grey suit with black shoes. He had longish grey hair and he was neither old, nor young, in fact it was difficult to determine his age at all. 
Mister Black was a handsome man with piercing green eyes and when he looked at you, it was like he looked right into your soul and saw a great deal.
James and Mister Black sat down in his study. The study was a smallish, cosy room. On 3 walls, were shelves from floor to ceiling full of books, mostly about science and philosophy. On the fourth wall was his mahogany desk, with a long open window above it. 
“Drink, James?” said Mister Black holding up his Whisky decanter. 
“A Ribena will be great thanks,” said James.
“Ribena…” said Mister Black.
Mister Black pressed a button on his desk and spoke into a microphone somewhere.
“One pint of Ribena with ice to my study asap please,”.
Nice one, thought James. 
“So, how’s things and how’s things in Bunley,” enquired Mister Black.
“Well, I’m doing ok, I still do the computer repairs to pay my bills. As for the other work, I just do it, I don’t think anyone even realises I do it,” said James.
“Anonymity is always to be highly prized James, enjoy it while it lasts, but do continue,” said Mister Black. 
“Well the other work Mister Black, I’m doing my best to hold things back, to stop the spread, but sometimes I feel like I’m alone. The numbers on the other side are massive,” said James.
Mister Black took a sip of his Whisky and placed the glass back onto his desk. 
“You are never alone James, don’t forget I see you, how hard you try, the things that go well, the things that go badly. The whole organisation has been watching you and frankly we’re all impressed,” said Mister Black.
“Wow!” said James, who couldn’t quite believe that the whole organisation was watching him. 
Mister Black continued, “How are you fixed financially James?”.
James felt puzzled, since when had Mister Black enquired about his finances.
“Well, I do the computer repairs, they take up a lot of my time. I’ve managed to save up for a new scooter, a 125cc called Misty. I’m not well-off, I’m just getting by,” said James. 
“Ah yes young Misty, how is she serving you?” said Mister Black.
Mister Black seems to know all about Misty already, noted James.
“She’s good, I don’t feel so alone with the work since Misty’s been on board, she’s helped considerably on several occasions already,” said James.
“Yes, Yes I thought she might do,” said Mister Black.
“But I don’t know what to do about Basil Devlin and Provisional Paul, they claim to have bought out Jane’s block of flats and are promising to double the rent. I’ve checked, they haven’t bought the flats yet, the truth is they are up for auction in four days and Paul and Devlin have the money to buy them. There’s no way Jane can afford to pay double rent; she’ll end up homeless. I need your counsel on this Mister Black, I’m stuck, but this can’t be allowed to pass,” said James. 
“Absolutely it can’t be allowed to pass, Bunley may be small James, but we have to stop evil acts wherever we can,” said Mister Black. 
“Yes,” agreed James, who was really hopeful Mister Black at least had something of an idea he could work with. 
You see, James had worked on the periphery of Mister Black’s organisation for some time now. So he knew some things about what was going on, yet he wanted to find out more. 
“You could buy the flats and not double the rent,” ventured Mister Black.
“Where on earth am I going to get 2.2 million pounds to buy those flats, I thought you were going to help me?” said James now feeling a bit cross.
Mister Black snapped back in reply: “James, you foolishly worry about money, but money is never ever a barrier, it’s a tool, we have money, you just need to make a request. Go to the auction in the big city, win the bidding for the flats and buy them for the organisation, we won’t double the rent” 
“Wow, OK, that sounds great Mister Black, thanks so much,” said James. 
“Also, James, it’s been decided, you’re to now come on board with the organisation full time, we will pay you a monthly stipend into your bank, if you want to be full time that is?” said Mister Black.
“Of course, I do want to be full time Mister Black, but how much is the stipend? I’m going to need 2 thousand pounds a month to get by,” enquired James.
Mister Black smiled kindly.
“James, 2 thousand a month sounds doable, in fact we can do 2.5 thousand a month,”
“Thanks so much, this is great news,” said an elated James.
“However, listen now this is important, you’re absolutely to keep Misty, and continue at least a masquerade of running your computer business. We don’t want to arouse suspicions,” said Mister Black.
“Sounds good to me, I don’t even want a car anyway,” said James. 
“Now, I have to return to my other work as soon as possible, so I will bid you god speed for your journey home. Before you go, drop your bank details into the office and tell Jensen the kitchen is to fix you up a roast dinner and more Ribena. I don’t want you riding home on an empty stomach,” said Mister Black.
“I have 3 days emergency food in my bug out bag, I’m not going to starve,” said James. 
“Yes, yes, but a fresh roast dinner will be better,” said Mister Black, who secretly was impressed by the bug out bag and made a mental note. 
“Goodbye Mister Black and thanks so much as always,” said James. 
“Until we meet again,” said Mister Black and with that he disappeared out of the room. 
James spent the next two hours happily eating a roast dinner in the power station dining room and chatting to friends he hadn’t seen in a while. But soon it was time to return to Bunley, so he said his goodbyes and returned to Misty. 
    Misty fired up first time and a pleased James, rode the 80 miles back to his home town of Bunley. 



Chapter 5

The Big Auction

As you know, James had set out early on the trip to Mister Black’s and it was about 5.30 PM by the time the two of them got back to Bunley. 
James parked Misty in the garage and headed towards his flat, as he went through the garden he bumped into Local Jo.
Jo was sat in the garden enjoying a cigarette and a glass of wine.
“Hey James, that’s some backpack you have there, is that in case of the end of the world,” said Jo with a friendly laugh.
“Funny you should say that,” said James making a joke out of it too.
“Sooooooo, said Jo, where have you been?”
“Well, Misty and I have been out for a long ride, and then I went walking,” said James
“Misty? Is that your new girlfriend?” said Jo.
“Ha Ha, well me and Misty are kinda close, but not that close, Misty’s just a nickname for my scooter,” said James.
“Hey James, it’s Friday night yeh, are you coming out to the Grieving Monkey tonight for a few drinks?” said Jo.
“Actually, that’s a great idea Jo, meet you down there at what 8pm ish?” he replied. 
“Sounds great, I’ve got the day off from the hairdressers tomorrow, so I can have a couple extra,” said Jo.
“Cool, see you there Jo,” said James and with that he went into his flat for some fried eggs on toast and a wash and brush up.
 
James arrived at the Grieving Monkey at 7.45pm and ordered himself a pint of lager. 
James was feeling rather elated generally because firstly it had been a good week computer repairs wise, and secondly because Mr Black had pledged to find the money to buy out Jane’s flats. 
James put some coins in the juke box and listened to some of his favourites like Elton John and Kiki Dee’s ‘Don’t go breaking my heart’- and Marilyn’s ‘Calling your name’. 
He did a little dance twirl on the way back from Juke Box, Woop! Woop! 
James had been enjoying a whole table to himself, as it was still earlyish in the night, but just then Difficult Gary arrived with his arm around Local Jo. 
Gary and Jo soon arrived at James’ table and took seats. 
James glanced over to see what they were drinking, Gary seemed to have a Bloody Mary and Jo had a bottle of Polish wine.
Local Jo saw James staring at the wine label.
“Actually, this particular wine is made near my home town in Poland, so it’s kind of nostalgic for me,” said Jo.
“Here’s to Poland! And to all that sail in her!” said James.
 The 3 friends all laughed as they chinked their glasses.
“So James, how’s the best moped mechanic in Bunley,” said Difficult Gary.
James and Jo laughed. 
“Ah well you know Gary, someone's got to step up to the challenge. I mean, Bunley may be small, but I reckon there’s room for two motorbike mechanics,” said James.
Gary went quiet for a moment, then he laughed and said: “Yes James, I guess I can concede I may not be the only person who can fix a bike in Bunley, hard though it is,” said Gary with a self-parodying comedy sigh.
“More drinks! On me!” said James.
James approached the bar. Through the open door behind the bar he could see Provisional Paul out the back changing a barrel. 
Just then, Paul happened to look up and catch his eye, Paul stepped forward to the bar. 
“Ah James! Did you enjoy yourself up in that hoist? Just a bit of fun of course, but when the damn hoist controller ‘fell off’ in my hand. I thought it best to clear off. Er, good to see you’re safe and sound back on dry land,” said Paul with a mischievous laugh. 
“Ah, Hi Paul, yeh don’t worry about all that, just having a few drinks tonight,” said James.
“Everyone deserves a night out, that’s why we’re here,” said Paul.
Then, Provisional Paul leaned forward onto the bar and gestured to James to come closer. 
James leaned forward too.
“How about meddlers, who interfere in other people’s business, do they deserve a night out? Or should they be injected with air?” said Paul.
James froze for a minute, had he made a mistake going into Paul’s pub tonight he wondered, perhaps things had gone too far for that now. 
Then to his relief, Paul suddenly broke into laughter.
“Just messing with you James, that said, I’m watching you, just like I watch everyone in this town,” said Paul. 
“Yeh, yeh Paul, it’s good to watch what’s going on around you,” said James
“Yes, don’t you just. Want a tray for those drinks James. Oh and here’s a bottle of Whisky on the house, to make up for the hoist business,” said Paul. 
“Wow, thanks,” said a rather touched James. It was nice to see Paul being kind, everyone has some redemptive qualities he noted.
Now, you might think that Paul was being kind at this point, but really he wanted to get James drunk, to loosen his tongue, so he could find out what he was up to. You see Paul had learnt this tactic from Joseph Stalin. 
James sat back down at the table with Jo and Gary and the Whisky. The three friends downed several more Whisky shots, and laughed and joked some more.
“I must say, you seem in a very good mood about something,” said Local Jo.
“Yes, I reckon he’s got a new woman in his life,” said Difficult Gary.
“The only lady in my life is Misty,” said James and they all laughed some more.
“Well, in fact I’ve managed to get some funding to buy something, to stop something bad happening,” said James. 
“Speak up man, what’s this all about?” said Gary.
“Well, I’ve managed to get the financing raised to buy out Jane’s flats at auction on Monday,” said James.
James didn’t bother to look round to see if Provisional Paul was listening, he just continued.
“You see, Big bad Paul here and his jolly joker friend Basil Devlin, are planning to buy out Jane’s flats and double the rent. They’ve even already written to Jane, making out they already own them and that the rent increase is already imminent, but as I say, I have the funding to stop them, my backer is not going to double the rent,” said James.
“Wow that’s excellent, well-done,” said Jo.
“You’re interfering with the free market though,” said Gary.
“Yes I am Gary, but no market can be completely free, or completely unregulated or the bad side of human nature will corrupt the market and it will become dysfunctional. Then that’s how civil wars start, when people have nowhere to live,” said James getting political.
“What's this about a bad side of human nature? I don’t see any evidence of that in people? I think you just need to think positive James,” said Difficult Gary.
James realised that it would be pointless taking this conversation further, besides it was getting late and he was feeling a bit worse for wear. So he said his goodbyes and took the short walk home and soon fell asleep. 

Meanwhile, Provisional Paul had been eavesdropping on James’ table and heard everything he’d said and was now upstairs in the pub office on the phone to Basil Devlin.
“That meddling nobody James, I don’t know how he’s done it, or who his contacts are, but he’s apparently got funding to bid on Jane’s flats Monday,” said Paul.
“Ah yes, I think I know who you mean, James has written to me on a number of occasions with his literary jibber jabber,” said Basil Devlin.
“Yes, he goes on a bit doesn’t he, and he thinks he’s sooo smart,” said Paul.
“Well Paul, may I suggest that you arrange things, so James doesn’t get to the auction on Monday. We can’t have this moon-faced want-to-be Tom Cruise meddling in our plans. Things are going well Paul and that’s how we want them to stay, agreed?” said Basil Devlin.
“Rest assured Basil, I’m all over this, I’m going to have my man Karl sort this,” said Basil.
“I don’t want to know the details Paul, just fix it, now I must get on, I’m in the middle of cooking up homemade lasagne and if I delay a moment longer, my Bolognese sauce is going to go all gooey,” said Basil licking a sticky Bolognese fat finger.
“Yeh, yeh, I don’t want to get in between a man and his Bolognese sauce. Well you have a good night Basil, we’ll talk Monday after I secure the winning bid for the flats,” said Paul.
“Sounds promising, very promising, Bye Paul,” said Basil, as he waddled over to his spice rack to get more garlic. 
Then Paul went downstairs to the bar to find his man Karl. 
Now Karl was Paul’s right-hand man, he could usually fix anything, and he had a lot of loyalty to his boss Paul. Just when Karl was down, after he’d come out of prison because of a fight that wasn’t even his fault; Paul had taken him under his wing, given him a job and sorted him out somewhere to live. 
“Karl, can you come upstairs to the office mate, I need to have a chat,” said Paul.
“Hey Boss, what’s going on then?” said Karl. 
“Karl, you know James who was in here earlier,” said Paul.
“Yeh, I know him, fancies himself as a bit of a do-gooder,” said Karl.
“Yeh that’s him, listen, he’s going to an auction Monday morning on that stupid Scooter he rides around on, you know the one he keeps telling everyone it’s a motorcycle, not a moped,” said Paul.
“Oh, I know, I’ve seen him on it, with his blue and white high viz, riding around pretending to be a motorcycle cop,” said Karl.
Horrible Karl rolled up his sleeves, revealing the impressive array of tattoos on his arms. Two blue teardrop tattoos were under his right eye.
“Now Karl, this is a top priority job, we can’t afford to mess it up. Basically, James cannot be allowed to get to the auction Monday. I want you to do whatever it takes to stop him. I want you to just focus on this for the next few days. And, here’s 2 grand in cash, you may have some expenses on this job, you with me mate.” said Provisional Paul.
With that Paul handed over a brown enveloped with a wad of notes in it to Karl. 
Karl’s eyes lit up on seeing the cash, he smiled at Paul revealing a big gap between his front teeth. 
Horrible Karl stood up, he was 5 feet 6” tall and very stocky and muscular in build. Karl rubbed his hand over his shaven head. His gold Nike shell suit glistened under Paul’s strong office lighting.
Karl pocketed the money and zipped up the pocket. He padded towards the door in his expensive sports trainers, just before he left, he turned back to Paul.
“Whatever it takes, whatever it takes,” and with that Karl winked at Paul.
 
Provisional Paul sat down alone in his kitchen chair with his head in his hands. Why did that runt James, have to be in the way here, he was just trying to earn a living, make a go of things for Katrina and the kids, trying to get ahead, for goodness sakes, thought Paul, rules are made to be broken, can’t this would be Saint, James just disappear and die.
And with that, a troubled Paul locked up his pub and tried to watch some boxing to relax before bed.
 
The next morning James woke up with a bit of a hangover and spent a quiet Saturday watching Netflix, dosed up with Paracetamol.
James woke up on Sunday - the day before the big auction - feeling much better and he cooked himself a roast dinner and stuck to the Ribena, he needed to be on top form for the eleven am auction tomorrow. 
At about 11pm, James switched off his giant TV, locked up his flat and retired to bed. 
Meanwhile, Horrible Karl had plans for tonight, he packed his bag with a crow bar, lock picking kit, balaclava, energy drinks and baby food. Karl constantly weight trained, so the baby food came in handy.
Karl made sure his two-way radio was charged up. You see Provisional Paul kept another two-way radio always on in his bedroom. Karl was a real pro and liked to use amateur radio on special operations, the last thing he needed was the mobile phone network failing on him at a critical moment.
It was now 2am on Monday morning, Karl swung the bag over his shoulder, put on his leather gloves, shut his bedroom door, and padded downstairs in his super comfortable trainers. He locked the pub door and headed out into the night towards James’s flat.
Bunley was deathly quiet at 2am and Karl made good progress on foot to James’s place, which wasn’t far. He had his baseball cap on during the walk and Karl didn’t once look up, he wasn’t going to get caught on CCTV on the way, that was for amateurs.
Karl put on his balaclava as he arrived at the entrance lobby door for James’ flats. He pulled out his crowbar, expecting the lobby door to be unlocked. In fact, James had locked the lobby doors at 10pm, but another resident had unlocked them again later when he went out for a cigarette, so Karl had an easy path to James’s door. 
Now right outside James’s door, Horrible Karl needed to be quiet, so as not to wake up the other residents. Karl pulled out his lock picking kit and fiddled around till James’ door snapped open, he was in.
Karl silently walked around the flat till he found James fast asleep in his room. 
Karl slowly approached the sleeping form of James and grabbed him hard around the neck. A shocked James suddenly woke up. 
 “Get off me! Get off me! What the hell are you doing! Karl is that you!” shouted James.
But no one could hear his screams as Karl was part choking him, so all that came out of James mouth was a whisper.
“No, never you mind who I am, now, we can do this the easy way or the hard way,” said Karl.
“Do what? What do you want?” said James
“Shut it!” said Karl and with that he slapped James hard around the face with an open fist.
James was reasonably strong, but he was no match for body building Karl.
“Well what do you want though Karl?” said James, who was ever the pragmatist. 
“I tell you what I damn well want, you to sit still in that poxy chair, while I tie you up. As somebody aint going to no auction Monday,” said Karl as he squeezed James’ neck some more.
“OK, OK, I’ll get in the chair, just stop squeezing my neck,” said James, with a chokey voice. 
Karl tied James up in the chair with a lot of rope and rather tightly.
“Now don’t panic, Mr do-gooder, someone comes to untie you tomorrow afternoon yeh, after the auction. Oh and in future, keep your sticky beak out the boss’s business, you with me,” said Karl.
With that Karl left James’ flat, but before he left the vicinity, he broke into James’ garage and slashed both Misty’s tyres with a Stanley knife.
Misty was absolutely furious at this.
Karl then swapped his balaclava for a baseball cap and pulled out his two-way radio and spoke into it.
“Boss this is K, your problem is fixed, repeat your problem is fixed,” said Karl.
Provisional Paul was wide awake waiting to hear from Karl, and he was rather pleased.
“Nice one, now get yourself home and take the day off tomorrow, you deserve it mate, well done,” said Paul.

It was now nearly 3am and poor James was stuck fast in the chair, trussed up like a chicken. He just sat there, enveloped in rope, trying to think what to do, but for once he was completely stuck.
This is all going horribly wrong thought a defeated James.
James then spoke aloud crossly. “God, why do you do this to me?” 
He then lent forward and fell asleep.
After about an hour, James woke up again, it was pitch dark in his bedroom, but in the darkness, he could see a pair of little eyes shining, then two more eyes, then lots of pairs of eyes. 
What on earth is this new hell, said a now rather traumatised James to himself.
But somebody had sent the little animals to help James.
The little field mice, all moved onto James’ chair. James shook around the chair as best he could.
“Get off me” Get off me!” he said.
But the mice just carried on and after a few minutes, they had gnawed through the ropes that were restraining him.
He shook himself free, snapping the last few strands of rope. The first thing the newly liberated James did was put out a saucer of water and some cheese for the little field mice. The mice seemed to appreciate this and stayed in his bedroom for a few minutes and had a good feed. Then, as quickly as the mice had arrived, they disappeared again.
“Thankyou” mouthed James silently as the last mouse tail disappeared through his bedroom door. 
At this point you might think that Provisional Paul was assured that Karl had managed to stop James in his tracks. But Paul was as cunning as a fox, and in no way did he underestimate James. 
Paul had been parked out James’ flats since 7am watching his front door.
Paul didn’t trust James, nor his scooter. 
James, who was feeling better now after a couple more hours of sleep, had finished his scrambled egg on toast and coffee and was now leaving for the Big City auction.
Paul couldn’t believe his eyes when he saw James walking out the flat lobby doors with his leathers, and blue and white high viz.
James opened the garage door and wheeled Misty out of the garage.
That’s funny, he thought to himself, I don’t remember fitting new tyres on Misty. She had two shiny new Pirelli tyres on. 
I do hope I’m not having absences he thought to himself.
Despite everything, James felt in good spirits as himself and Misty pulled off the drive and began the journey.
But Provisional Paul wasn’t far behind and he deftly knocked his Mercedes into drive and discreetly followed them. 
James and Misty were buzzing along the road at about 45mph and James was singing Queens ‘Don’t Stop me Now’ at the top of voice. 
“Having a good timeeeee!” sang James.
But just then, James saw Provisional Paul’s Mercedes gaining fast in Misty’s mirrors. Oh no, he thought, I thought this was the end of this.
Paul’s Mercedes was gaining fast on James and Misty.
Paul’s 2000KG Mercedes would easily have smashed poor 118KG Misty to smithereens.
James anxiously checked the mirror again and again, was Paul really going to ram him he wondered? Was Paul really that bad?
Just as Paul’s bumper was about to smash into them, Misty suddenly veered off the road and powered over the fields. James tried his best to steer Misty but he couldn’t, she’d taken over the riding completely.
“I just don’t get this, I really don’t,” said James aloud.
Seemingly in reply, Misty beeped her horn three times.
“Well, I hope you know the way to the Big City over cross country, because I don’t,” said James to Misty.
Again, Misty beeped her horn 3 times.
After about half an hour, both rider and bike arrived in the Big City and parked outside the auction house.
James parked Misty up and ran into the auction house, he checked his watch, he was there with five minutes to spare.
James was completely splattered in mud from the cross-country riding, he did his best to clean the mud off, but there was only 5 minutes to spare before the auction started. 
James took his seat in the auction and the lot for Janes flats soon came around.
“And now, the highlight of the auction, a fantastic investment opportunity with sitting tenants, 15 flats in a prime location in Central Bunley. Who will start me at 1 million Pounds?” said the auctioneer.
Provisional Paul put up his hand and made a bid for 1 million pounds. 
Bids went to and fro between Paul and another property dealer from the next town, but James didn’t bid.
The auction continued up to 2.1 million pounds, with Paul the winning bidder at this point. 
“Now, we are on 2.1 million pounds, any more at 2.1 million pounds, going once, going twice,” said the auctioneer.
But just then James shouted out: “2.3 Million Pounds,”
There was the sound of ‘ooooooo’ in the auction house and then everyone turned round to look at James.
Paul put his head in his hands, Basil Devlin had only authorised him 2.1 Million at the absolute maximum. Yes Paul had money himself, but he couldn’t suddenly magic up 200 grand plus in ten minutes, he would have to pull out of the race.
There was a silence in the auction house, then the auctioneer said “SOLD! To James for 2.3 Million Pounds,” and everyone clapped.
James was feeling rather embarrassed at all the attention and suddenly he shouted out to everyone.
“You think I have 2.3 million!? More like 2.3 pounds, I’m just bidding for a third party,”
The crowd in the auction laughed.
The auction was now over and the crowd thinned out. James made his way towards the auction office to pay.
But Provisional Paul suddenly blocked his way.
James looked up at the cross faced, pony tailed Paul.
“I suppose you think you’re pretty smart, but you haven’t heard the last of this James,” said Paul.
“I don’t think I'm smart, I’m just James,”
“Whatever,” said Paul, and he slowly walked away.
“Oh, one more thing,” said James.
Paul stopped short in his tracks, and turned round to face James.
“Now Paul, you know I’m an IT guy yes. Well, your man Karl breaking into my flat and roughing me up and tying me up, it’s all recorded on CCTV,” said James.
“Nothing to do with me, so what,” said Paul.
James continued: “And, yourself about 1 millimetre away from Misty today, about to run me off the road in your Mercedes, all recorded on CCTV and automatically backed up in the cloud. What’s that Paul, certainly a 12 month ban for dangerous driving, if you’re really unlucky, it could be attempted manslaughter,” said James who as you know had once done a law course.
“For goodness sake!!!!” shouted Paul.
“I will be depositing a copy of all the recordings with my people, to be opened in the event that anything happens to me,” said James. 
“Look James, you don’t have to go to those lengths, this is just business, I wasn’t going to try and kill you, just give you a little nudge mate, see you at the pub soon yeh,” said a now worried Paul.
“Have a good day Paul,” said James.
And with that, James walked off into the auction house office and gave them Mister Blacks payment details. 



Chapter 6

All Five Donuts

The next morning James decided to head over to Jane’s and tell her the good news. On the way he stopped at the Devlin bakery to pick up a pack of assorted donuts. Long before he had got into politics, Basil Devlin had run a bakery and he’d kept it going. 
James pressed Jane’s videophone bell, there was a short delay.
“Hello, who is it?” said Jane.
“It’s me, I have some news and some donuts!” said James.
Jane buzzed James in through the communal  entrance door, he walked over the maroon carpet in the lobby. On the corridors hung maritime prints, the magnolia paint on the walls was in need of redoing.
When James got to Jane’s door it was already open.
“Hello, hello, anyone here?” said James. 
“Hey! What’s the news then!” said an excited Jane who was sat in her wheelchair.
James took a chair, opposite Jane.
“Well, a contact of mine has bought your flats, who goes by the name of Mister Black. I can vouch for him Jane, he’s a good man, he’s already told me he won’t double the rent, and he’s pledged to do some repairs also. So I repeat, Provisional Paul and Basil Devlin DO NOT own the flats Jane. In fact, they were outbid by me, bidding on Mister Black’s behalf,” said James.
Suddenly Jane shouted “Yesssssssssss,” and then she Jane wheeled over to James and gave him the warmest, longest hug that I think anyone had received in Bunley for years.
James felt pleased inside this had all had worked out so well, goodness knows he’d been through the mill on this job.
James looked over at Jane’s real baby doll, Sycamore who was in the Moses basket. Whilst Jane was in the kitchen getting them a drink, he walked over to the basket. James leaned into the basket and very quickly snapped Sycamore’s little dolls leg in two.
Jane wheeled back in with the Cokes.
“Thanks Jane, how are you getting on with Sycamore?”  said James.
“Oh, she’s a lovely little girl, I’m getting attached to her, I’m going to buy her some winter clothes,” said Jane.
“Ah glad to hear that,” said James, as he walked back over to Sycamore’s Moses basket and leaned in.
“Do you mind if I pick Sycamore up Jane?” said James.
“Of course you can,” said Jane.
As James picked Sycamore up, half of her dolls leg fell off onto the floor.
“OMG, NOOOOO!!!” shouted Jane and with that she jumped up out of her wheelchair and ran over to Sycamore in panic.
“We must get her to a dolls hospital as soon as possible,” said an upset Jane.
“Yes, we must as a matter of urgency! But Jane, you just walked!!!” said James.
“Did I? But I can’t walk said Jane, I have Floppy Body Syndrome remember?” said Jane.
As Jane said this, she looked down at her legs and realised she was standing up on her own two feet.
“Oh my goodness, I am walking, I just don’t understand it,” said Jane.
“Perhaps the shock of the injured baby, turned some kind of switch in your brain. And has jolted you into walking again!” said James.
James got on the phone and Sycamore was soon strapped into Misty’s top box being whisked through traffic to the doll's hospital. 
And from that day on, Jane gradually walked more and more steps, she grew in confidence and eventually Jane became known as a talented mountaineer. 
In later years, people in Bunley forgot the ‘Jelly Jane’ nickname and would call her ‘Mountain Jane’ instead. Jane’s symptoms of Floppy Body Syndrome melted away in the next few months and her doctors congratulated themselves on her progress and cure. 
But no one in Bunley ever knew the role James played.

James was having a relaxing weekend watching Netflix documentaries like Seaspiracy. He really enjoyed his fishfingers, so it was difficult to think they might be something that was morally wrong. This was all rather unsettling.
James pushed his half-eaten plate to one side and sipped his Coke with a straw. He kept sucking on the straw and his eyes closed, his head fell forward and he nodded off to sleep.
After about 45 minutes, James’ doorbell repeatedly went off. James wasn’t a heavy sleeper, so he instantly sat up and walked to answer the door.
It was Jensen, Mister Black’s head of security.
“Jensen! What brings you all the way out to Bunley in person?” enquired James.
“The boss sent me over, he wants to see you at Happy House asap,” said Jensen.
“Happy House, that sounds like a name made up by a three-year-old? Where’s that, isn’t he at the power station anymore?” said James.
“Happy House is the power station, we just had to give it a name for postal purposes, in fact I chose the name,” said Jensen.
“Oh sorry Jensen, you know, I’m just bantering a names just a name, and at least this one’s happy,” said James.
“Don’t spare my blushes James, it’s a dumb name, but it reminds me of a happy place, you know days gone by,” said a now getting rather deep Jensen.
James noted that Jensen was intimating that he may have had some psychological problems to deal with. Mentally James was pleased about this, not pleased that Jensen was having a bad time, but pleased that he had a new case. 
“Jensen, I’m going to head over first thing in the morning to Happy House. Now Jensen, it’s now 11pm, you can't drive home tonight. You better stay the night,” said James.
“Yeh, I guess you’re right,” said Jensen.
Jensen followed James into his flat, and the two spent a pleasant evening, eating baked potatoes with cheese and drinking Horlicks. James asked some searching questions and it transpired that Jensen was very worried that his girlfriend didn’t love him anymore. James wasn’t really sure what to do or say, so he put on a Steven Seagal movie triple bill and came out with a tray of chocolate cornflake crisps. 
The next morning James’ alarm went off at 7.30am as was usual. He walked into the lounge and he saw Jensen walking on his hands around the lounge. 
“I’ve made a pot of Coffee James,” said Jensen from near the floor.
“Ah thanks Jensen, I will get porridge oats on.” said James
“Right James, now do you want to come over to Mister Blacks in my car? We can get someone to run you back after, it’s urgent as I said last night,” said Jensen.
“No, no – I shall pack my bag and head over on Misty when I’m ready,” said James.
“Misty?” said Jensen.
“It’s just a nickname for my scooter” Jensen.
“Errrr, right ok then, Misty...” said Jensen who was half puzzled and half trying not to laugh at James. 
James sensed what Jensen was thinking, but he felt it better not to respond. 
Soon, Jensen finished his porridge and jumped in his car. But James took longer, he packed his 72-hour travel bag and checked Misty over.
It was a cooler day and James and Misty both enjoyed the ride to Mister Blacks. 
On arrival, James parked Misty in the usual spot at the front and stepped up to the front entrance door. This time, the dark green oak door was already ajar, James stepped through straight away.
There were several Chesterfield leather sofas in the reception area and James was surprised to see Mister Black sat down on one of them.
“Ah James, yes, everything OK, I hope? Was the journey alright, can I get you anything?” said Mister Black.
“Well, it seems this is urgent, perhaps we should get straight down to business, but a banana milkshake would be nice,” said James.
“Yes, banana milkshake it is, now please follow me,” said Mister Black.
The converted power station that the organisation called home was huge. James followed Mister Black through a maze of corridors, as they continued, the lights grew darker.
“Any reason the lights are failing on us Mister Black?” said James who was wondering if this section of the building had an electrical problem he might be able to fix.
“Yes, well spotted young James, actually the dimmed lighting is just a psychological trick to discourage staff without clearance from heading down here. Now let’s press on James, the workers are few and the time is short,” said Mister Black.
James followed Mister Black through another 300 metres of zig zagging corridors, the ceiling seemed to get lower too. 
Was all this ghost train stuff really necessary thought James.
They eventually came to a huge metal door, with a spinning circular handle, like you might see on a submarine.
Mister Black spun the handle 2 turns left, then one turn right, then the door, which was perfectly engineered, swung open easily on its huge hinges.
James was expecting, rows and rows of workers with computer screens inside, but inside there was just one room with tables all the way round. As the room was deep inside the converted power station, it didn’t have any windows. 
Two workers sat staring at their computer screens, they greeted James and Mister Black politely and then continued their work. 
Mister Black looked at James, then he looked at the computer screens, then he looked back at James.
“Well, any questions young James?” said Mister Black.
James thought for a moment, he wondered what Mister Black wanted him to ask. 
“Well, what’s going on here then?” he said. 
“We’re monitoring the situation James, who’s winning, who’s losing, which areas need more support. And always with the aim of avoiding the tipping point, alas James, there is a quickening underway,” said Mister Black.
“How do you monitor it though?” said James.
“Sensors dear boy, not the kind of sensors that you might find in a car, or a machine. These sensors measure the spiritual dimension, they measure the ratio of good versus evil in any one location,” said Mister Black.
“How the hell do you do that?” said an amazed James. 
“What do you mean, how the hell do you that, James. How the hell do you know certain things are correct without being told. You admit that Misty has special powers and you talk matter of factly about it. Why shouldn’t I have 4th dimensional sensors. Don’t you get it by now, the supernatural exists, how much more evidence do you need to see!?” said Mister Black with a big sigh.
“Yes, sorry Mister Black, I don’t mean to sound like I doubted your sensors system. I was just shocked,” said James.
A thought occurred to James.
“How’s things in Bunley, is good or evil winning there, Mister Black?” said James.
Mister Black spoke to one of the workers. “Please bring up Bunley, Sukvinder so James can see.”
Sukvinder clicked for a minute, a green map of Bunley and the surrounding area appeared on the large computer monitor.
First two white areas appeared on the Map, one of the white areas was bigger than the other. James leaned in closer and saw that the white areas had names, the first one said ‘James’ and the second one said ‘Misty’.
“What, Misty has a bigger white area than me! How is that fair?” exclaimed James.
“How is your illegitimate pride fair?” replied Mister Black.
“Yes, fair point, I wasn’t thinking fourth dimensionally about Misty, credit where it’s due,” said James.
Then, two dark areas appeared on the map, one was medium sized and was marked ‘Provisional Paul’ the other was much bigger and was marked ‘Basil Devlin’.
“Why is Basil Devlin’s evil dark area bigger, Provisional Paul is more dangerous, do you know, they say Paul once killed a man by injecting him with air?” said James excitedly.
“Indeed, so it is said, but Basil Devlin is much more intelligent, more powerful and more devious than Paul, Devlin’s activities have a more profound and greater negative effect, hence the larger dark area,” said Mister Black.
“Now, look at the map of Bunley again” said Mister Black.
James leaned forward again and studied the map once more.
Little pockets of red circles started appearing on the map in various locations.
“What on earth are those red circles?” said a part wary, part intrigued James.
“There appears to be some kind of outbreak in Bunley, we don’t know what the outbreak is, but our sensors tell us that it stems from evil. That’s why you’re here James, I want you to go back to Bunley and investigate.” said Mister Black.
“Right, I see, this doesn’t sound good,” said James checking the zips on his bug out bag.
“Does the bug out back have to remain on your back at all times James? Doesn’t it get a trifle heavy?” asked Mister Black.
“No it doesn’t as I have the weight reduced to 8.6 Kilos and what happens if we tipping point, I need the bag close by,” said James.
“Ah yes I see, well let's keep positive James, that’s why we’re here, that’s why you’re our man in Bunley, we don’t want to get that far, do we now,” said Mister Black.
“No we definitely don’t,” said James.
“Now James, I’ve noticed you have put on a lot of weight lately, I’m booking you into the fat camp near Bunley for two weeks,” said Mister Black.
“But Mister Black, Basil Devlin owns that fat camp,” said James.
“Precisely!” said Mister Black.
“Ohhhhh,” said James.
“It can be the starting point for your investigation into the red circles James, and maybe you can lose a few pounds along the way hey,” said Mister Black.
“Well, I’m rather partial to jam donuts, I have these binges, all five donuts,” said James.
Upon hearing this, Sukvinder and her colleague Colin tried their best not to laugh.
“Yes, all five donuts! I see,” said Mister Black.
“Now then, I must get on, other things to attend to, let me walk you up to the kitchens, we are going to sort you out some vittles,” said Mister Black.
He started walking James back up the long zig zagging corridor. Along the way Mister Black stopped at another side door to a room.
“One moment James,” said Mister Black, as he opened the door.
He appeared again momentarily with a small suitcase.
“You’ll probably be needing these James,” said Mister Black.
James unzipped the suitcase and looked inside. 
“Wow, they’re realistic, ha ha,” said James.
Mister Black chuckled too and they continued to the refectory where he dropped James off and said his goodbyes.
In the refectory, James had a huge plate of spaghetti bolognese and a large slice of chocolate cake, washed down with all the Ribena he could handle.
After all, tomorrow he was going to fat camp. 
James and Misty had a pleasant ride back to Bunley, the air was nice and cool.
 
The Devlin Health Spa, otherwise nicknamed fat camp was about six miles outside of Bunley nestled up in the hills. It was in a lovely spot with lots of greenery, and a small river ran through its spacious grounds. 
There was a mini golf course on site and of course a swimming pool and a jacuzzi. People came from all around the area to spend time at the fat camp, because they got what they wanted, results. 
James’ group of fat campers were due to meet at 10.30 in reception, at about 10.15am James sidled up to the car park, with Misty of course.
As fat camp was only six miles from his home base at Bunley, James didn’t have his bug out bag, he just had his day bag with wash kit and a couple of changes of clothes. 
James looked up at fat camp building itself, it was rather grand, or at least a clever façade. It was a rectangular grey brick building with 48 rooms, a lot of the rooms were bedrooms for attendees, but downstairs there were some larger rooms for group activities.
James stepped inside and took a seat on a faux leather armchair. Scattered around reception where lots of pretty plants, that had the benefit of never needing watering. 
James looked around, there were five other people waiting around on armchairs too. They were all rather corpulent, to a lesser or greater degree.
The tall black man opposite James stood up and spoke to everyone.
“Hey there, my names Lloyd and I’m here because I’ve got a seafood problem, I see food and I eat it,” and with that Lloyd laughed a lot with his booming laugh. 
“I’ve got an unhealthy obsession with donuts,” said James laughing too. 
“That sounds a bit strange Mister,” said Lloyd with more booming laughter.
Just as James was mulling all this over, a tall slim man who appeared to be in his late thirties entered reception. 
He quickly broke into speech.
“Well hello you lucky people, my name’s Richardddd!!! And yes, WELCOME to Fat Camp!”
Richard wore a tight-fitting blue suit, with a white/blue shirt and slim tie. His shoes appeared to have sparkly stones all over them.
“Right...... My man Karl is going to take all your suitcases to your rooms, so you people are free to come into day room 1, for induction,” said Richard.
To James’ dismay, Horrible Karl was porter in chief at fat camp, he wasn’t sure that he wanted Karl looking at his day bag, which was rather full. Thank goodness I put my padlock on it he thought.
Karl looked at James and went a bit white, which was difficult to see under his fake tan.
“Er, hello James, you trying to shed a few pounds mate are you, nice one mate,” said Karl.
“Karl, so Paul sends you over, you’re kinda like Odd Job from Goldfinger,” said James.
Karl didn’t laugh, instead he just took everyone's bags.
James and the rest of the fat campers followed Richard into the large room for induction. 
The room was painted a magnolia colour, there were several plastic plants scattered around. 
James noticed several ‘Golden Buddha,’ type statues too, and thought this was kind of weird.
The fat campers took their seats whilst Richard literally hopped and skipped his way to the front of the room. 
On the wall at the front of the room was a big whiteboard. Richard grabbed a magic marker and in big letters he scrawled onto the white board the words.
‘REALLY FAT’
Richard launched into his speech:
“Now welcome to the Devlin Health Spa, some people call this fantastic place Fat Camp, but we don’t recognise that here, despiteee what I may write on the white board,”
Richard continued.
“Now I don’t want to be fat and I’m not fat, you know why I’m not fat, because I take personal responsibility for my life,”
Richard picked up the magic marker again, this time he wrote ‘PERSONAL RESPONSIBILITY’ on the whiteboard in big letters.
This is a bit judgemental thought James, just because he’s a bean pole, no need to take it out on us.
At this point, James’ fellow fat campers looked to the ground, especially Basil Devlin.
“Well we are trying to watch our weights,” said James adopting the group spokesman role.
“Oh I know you’re trying sweetness, I just want you to try a bit harder, that’s why we’re here at Fat Camp. Are we all in agreement everyone, can I get a ‘Yes Richard,’ 
“Yes Richard,” mumbled the group in unison.
“Good, good, now we have some pre requisite paperwork to get through, not very exciting I know, but there are our insurance waivers and one or two auxiliary payments to make,” said Richard.  
This sounds dodgy, these extra payments and legal waivers thought James, but he kept his mouth shut, as he remembered the real reason he was attending Fat Camp.
To spy on Basil Devlin and try and work out what on earth he was up to.




Chapter 7

Half Of My Kingdom

After the orientation meeting with Richard, James found his way to his room inside Fat Camp. The key for his room was on a gold looking chain, and the key itself was gold too, except James noticed that the gold paint was wearing off it a bit, exposing the plastic it was made of.
James got inside his room and was pleased to see his day bag sat on the chair near the TV, he checked, his little padlock was still on it, he really didn’t want Karl seeing what was inside.
There was tea and coffee facilities, and a mini bar fridge in the room. The mini bar was stocked with alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks alike. James reached inside the fridge and took out a can of London Pride beer.
From somewhere inside the fridge an electronic sounding voice said:
“£8.95 has just been charged to your credit card. On behalf of the Devlin Health Spa, I thank you for your custom, have a nice day,”
For a moment James felt like he was sick, £8.95 for one can of beer? 
Then James remembered, he was on expenses on this job and Mister Black’s organisation was footing the bill.
“Thank bloody goodness for that!" exclaimed James aloud, as he pulled the ring pull.
He checked himself, he didn’t usually use expletives. He realised he was feeling the pressure on this job, somehow James sensed a lot was at stake. 
Two more £8.95s later, James sat down on the bed, it was kind of comfortable, except our young hero wasn’t sure if he could faintly feel mattress springs pressing into his ribs.
James sighed with exasperation at this, everything about this place is fake he thought to himself. He wished he wasn’t there and he suddenly felt tired of doing the right thing, did anyone even care or know what he did. 
James then realised he was being a bit narcissistic; I mean why should he want or deserve any recognition for his work, he was well paid, surely that was enough.
It was now nearly 6pm, James pressed the tv remote control and searched through and found Classic FM. Mozart’s piano concerto number 23 was playing and this cheered him up no end, thing’s weren’t so bad, he’d had 3 x 500ml cans of premium beer at no cost and now Joseph Stalin’s favourite piece of music was playing.
His eyelids got heavy and he fell fast asleep.

A couple of hours passed and James was awakened by someone knocking at his door.
James was a light sleeper and jumped up fast, he bounded over to the door and opened it.
Standing right in front of him was the corpulent and naturally amusing face of Basil Devlin. Basil appeared to have some kind of picnic basket under one arm, he opened it and brought out an especially nice bottle of Champagne and held it up to James’s eyes.
“James dear boy! So thrilled and excited to have you here at the health spa. As you may have seen, I’m enrolled myself too, and I’m delighted you're on the same course. Now young man, you and me have much in common, and much to talk about! How about a healthy two mile walk up to the hill above and a champagne supper,” said Basil cheerily.
“That’s very kind of you Basil, why not, a walk will do us both the world of good. I will meet you in the health spa lobby in ten minutes if that suits,” said James.
“Of course it suits, that’s fabulous, see you there dear chap,” said Basil. 
Basil walked back down to the hotel lobby.
James went back inside his room, he sent a secure message to Happy House notifying them of where he would be going, and who with, he also activated the location tracker on his phone. 
As James entered the hotel lobby he glanced over at Basil Devlin who was wearing a blue suit with a lemon-coloured shirt and a bright orange bow tie. Basil had glossy black shoes on. James noticed Basil had put on weight and he thought to himself he must be at least 32 stone. 
Basil had a lady either side of him, and he had his arms around them.
“So, she said to me how on earth are you going to sort that out then Basil? And I said method acting!”
Basil let out a big laugh, as he laughed, led lights on his bow tie, flashed all different colours.
The two ladies laughed along too and rubbed their hands up and down Basil’s enormous back. 
That led bow tie must be triggered by vibrations thought James, hmmm interesting.
Basil looked up and saw James approaching.
“James dear boy, you made it! And in good time too! Now my young friend, we have the most delectable picnic supper with us, champagne and fine wines too!” said Basil.
“Oh Basil, can we come,” said the two ladies in unison.
Basil looked away, then right at the two ladies next to him.
“Ordinarily, you two charming ladies would be more than invited, in fact, you’d be positively press ganged into my limousine,”
Basil paused to laugh some more at his own joke.
“But on this occasion, myself and James have some business to discuss, so I’m going to have to reschedule you two till tomorrow at 7pm right here!” 
“Awww, that sounds lovely Basil, we’ll be here won’t we Babs,” 
With that the two ladies sidled over to the bar to get another drink. 
“Now James, I've got us golf carts, to take us up to the top of the hill!” said Basil.
“This sounds alright Basil!” said James.
James’ golf cart was a standard white electric one, with a canopy roof.
But Basil’s was a converted small car, the side doors had been removed, so Basil could easily haul himself into the car. The two front seats had been removed and replaced with one extra-large seat. 
Basil jumped in his ‘golf cart’ and started the 1000cc engine.
“Beep, Beep young James, let’s get up this hill and do dinner!” said Basil.
Basil’s cart shot up the path, which meandered up the hill. James followed as closely as he could, but he couldn’t keep up with just his electric motor. 
After about 5 minutes, they arrived at the flat area, at the top of the hill. There were several wooden benches scattered around. Basil sat down on a bench and James took the adjacent bench. 
Basil opened the picnic basket and popped the cork on a bottle of Moet and Chandon champagne. 
“Smoked salmon on French bread or caviar,” said Basil.
“A little of both would be fantastic thanks Basil,” said James, who was starting to like this picnic. 
Basil topped up their Champagne glasses and leaned over to chink glasses with James. 
“Well here’s to life and success!” he said.
“Yes, I’m enjoying both Basil, things are going well aren’t they,” said James.
It was a beautiful viewpoint up on the hill, where the two adversaries were sharing a meal. You could see the whole of Bunley stretched out across the landscape about 6 miles away. 
Basil plied James with more food, drink and small talk for half an hour and then he set to work.
“So, James, how’s business, I believe you’re involved in the computer repair industry?” 
“It’s doing alright thanks Basil, pays the bills and I enjoy the problem-solving aspect of it all,”
“I see, so do you do any other work? Some voluntary work perhaps?” enquired Basil, feigning ignorance.
James paused, he had to be careful here, he’d tell him a little, but not too much.
“I have a voluntary job, a kind of social worker, fixing problems in the community. The only money I get is expenses for that job, there’s no profit in it, but again I enjoy it,” said James.
“Most admirable and noble of you, young James, a voluntary job helping the community. As a businessman and member of parliament, I admire that immensely,” said Basil.
“Well thanks for the encouragement, Basil, but I’m just a cog in a bigger machine,” said a now tipsy James.
“Ah yes! The bigger machine! One belonging to a certain Mister Black I believe?” said Basil.
James shot Basil a concerned look, how did he know about Mister Black. Then he realised, it was Basil Devlin, of course he knew.
“You look a trifle ruffled there James, don’t be! My tentacles stretch far and wide!” said Basil.
And with that remark, Basil waved his arms and hands in the air, in a mock scary way. 
Basil then roared with laughter, and of course, his orange bow tie flashed all the colours of the rainbow in unison.
James burst out with laughter too, Basil is really funny he thought and he seems to like me. 
“Now James, voluntary work and a couple of twenty-pound notes for fixing a computer is all very well and good. But how would you like to earn some real money?” 
“What have you got in mind Basil?”
“Well, I’ve noticed you James, seen that you have unrealised potential. A lot to bring to the table,”
“Well thanks for saying so, but I’m just James,”
“Credit where it’s due young man. But this voluntary work, is it going to pay your children through university, is it going to let you retire early? One has to plan for one's future. You can’t live off shirt buttons, I mean mine cost a fortune, as they have to be double the size and strength of anyone else's,” said Basil with more laughter.
James laughed too, he admired the irreverence of Basil’s self-depreciating humour about his weight, especially as he was also fat.
“Ha ha, that’s really funny Basil,” said James sipping more champagne.
“Doing the right thing is rightly viewed as noble, but the path to wealth often involves bending a few rules young James,” said Basil.
Here we go thought James, who wasn’t buying any of it.
“Does the path to wealth involve drawing on forces that some consider unnatural," said James.
Basil laughed again, but this time it was more muted laughter. He enjoyed the film reference, even if he was the butt of the joke.
“Bravo, Excellente, Formidable!” said Basil as he slow clapped.
There was a brief lull in the conversation, then Basil stood up, and pointed towards Bunley in the distance. 
“See that beautiful town down there James, some of the house's date back to the 15th Century. Bunley’s been good to me, first I was a Councillor, now I’m the Member of Parliament for the whole of Greater Bunley. I already own 12% of all the property in Bunley and plan to buy more. I have great power, and with that comes great wealth. Join with me, work for me, Bunley has become my kingdom, and half my kingdom could be yours. You could even be my heir apparent,” said Basil Devlin.
James’ mind raced quickly. I need to be really careful here he thought, not only does Basil want to use me for work, he seems to personally like me, he views me almost like a son.  James knew that he would be rejecting Basil on two levels, firstly in a professional sense and secondly in a personal sense. And rejecting someone personally usually has especially uncomfortable ramifications. 
James spoke up slightly nervously.
“Basil, you have to understand, on a personal level I like you, you’re funny and charming. This picnic, the champagne, the food, it’s all been excellent. But I’m happy doing what I’m doing Basil, my little IT business. The side job with Mister Black,” 
Basil breathed in heavily.
“Yes, that as may be, but you’re in direct opposition to what I’m doing. Why should we be at war James, when we could be business partners, we could both gain. War is destructive, but peace is constructive, surely you want peace young man?” said Basil.
My goodness thought James, this man is clever and persuasive.
“I appreciate the offer Basil, I truly do, but I’m going to have to decline,” said James. 
“I see, well those are you words young James,” Basil paused for a moment.
Basil turned around to face James and he began to grow and expand, he swelled up to twice his size, then three times his size. He transformed into a huge lizard, the pupils in his eyes became vertical slits.
“THIS IS THE ALTERNATIVE!” boomed Basil, who was now looming over James, three times his height.
“Well this is as scary as scary gets,” said James.
Just at this moment, seemingly out of nowhere two drones shot up out of the bushes, they darted this way and that taking pictures and weaving all around Basil.
Thank God for the organisation whispered James to himself. 
Lizard Basil eyed the drones and quickly shape shifted back to his normal human form. 
“Well, I don’t know what happened there dear boy,” said Basil.
“No, neither do I, but I do know it was scary,” said James.
“Yes it was, wasn’t it James, now you and myself must return back to the health spa. We both have weight to lose and we both need to be fit for the months and years ahead, it seems we will be heading down different paths, paths that are eventually going to clash,” said Basil.
“Well, it doesn’t have to be like that. You can still get rich and powerful and play by the rules Basil,” said James.
“Can you?” said Basil.
Then, Basil quickly packed the picnic away into his car and heaved his enormous bulk into the specially widened driver's seat.
“See you back down there James and best of luck with the choice you have made,” said Basil.
And with that parting shot, Basil zoomed off down the hill and out of sight.



Chapter 8

Misty’s Had Enough

The next morning James awoke at 7.00am, ready for breakfast at 7.30 in the Fat Camp dining room. 
The brown tables and blue chairs in the dining room reminded James of junior school. There was no air conditioning, but large fans spun slowly above their heads. One side of the room was mainly made up of large windows.
Breakfast was a choice between porridge oats and banana, or 1 slice of toast and a boiled egg, available drinks were made from concentrate fruit juice, and tea and coffee. 
James sat down with Lloyd and starting tucking into his porridge.
“How’s things this morning Lloyd? Are you ready for Richard again?” said James.
“I’m usually happy go lucky, but I was thinking last night, I’m worried, I’ve put on all this weight in the last 4 months and I don’t know why, I’m down James, I’m worried I’ve got a strange illness,” said Lloyd.
“Yes, I’ve gained a lot of weight in the last few months too Lloyd, I don’t know why either. I haven’t been counting calories, but I swear I haven’t been eating any more, it’s baffling isn’t it Lloyd,” said James.
“That it is,” said Lloyd as he scratched his head, looking even more worried.
“But I’m looking into it,” volunteered James out of nowhere.
“Looking into it! How do you mean!?” boomed Lloyd.
Other breakfasters, including Basil Devlin looked round at James’ table.
“Shhhh Lloyd, quieter please, I will let you know if I found out anything in due course,” said James.
“Ahhh, I’m with you, hush hush,” said Lloyd as he winked at James.
They both finished their breakfast with contented silence.
“See you inside class shortly with the lovely Richard!” said James.
“Not if I see you first,” said Lloyd with a laugh.
At least he’s laughing thought James, as he ran back up to his room, to quickly eat some chocolate cornflakes he had stashed in his day bag.

Twenty minutes later James’ group of fat campers were assembled in the classroom. Richard the instructor came in, his low weight caused him to practically glide across the polished floor. 
“Right, you lovely lot, welcome to Day 1 of your adventure, now let’s do an ice breaker. What’s your name, where do you come from and why are you at the Devlin Health Spa?” said Richard.
Basil Devlin spoke first: “My names Basil, by coincidence I own this health spa, but I’m not here in a business capacity. I’m here for treatment as I appear to have become a trifle plump!” said Basil with a laugh.
The other attendees laughed too.
“How about you Lloyd?” said Richard.
“You know what Richard; I was always slim right. But in the last six months I’ve put on a lotta weight, but all I’ve done is eat the same amount,” said Lloyd.
Quick as a flash, Basil chimed in: “Neither do I overeat Lloyd,” and with that Basil winked at everyone, and they all laughed again.
“How about you James, you’re sat there looking a bit serious, what’s going on?” said Richard.
“Well, my stories similar to everyone else’s, I don’t eat any extra, all I do is eat the usual things, the same donuts, bread, fishfingers etc. In fact, Basil, I eat at your bakery down in Bunley!” said James.
“That’s very kind of you to say so James,” said Basil.
Richard looked around at Annabelle who was an attractive, confident looking women in her mid-twenties.
“How about you Annabelle, I wouldn’t say you’re fat hun, in fact why are you even here,” said Richard with a smile.
Annabelle leaned forward to speak.
“Well you know, I live in Bunley too. I’m can’t stop gaining weight and I don’t know why. I’m a space scientist by the way,” said Annabelle.
“This is awful, just awful, how much have you gained Annabelle? In fact, can I just call you Belle, as you’re the Belle of the ball,” said Richard.
“No, I’m called Annabelle, so that’s how I like to be addressed. But I do the same routines, grilled chicken sandwich for lunch, croissant for breakfast and fresh fish with vegetables for tea. I just don’t get it,” said Annabelle.
“Oh, I’m starting to get it,” said James under his breath.
Just at the same moment, James looked out of the window, Misty flashed the indicators in a complicated formation. Is she sending me morse code he thought to himself. James had learned morse code, but he wished he was faster.
“Right, all duly noted,” said Richard. He continued, “Now there’s 12 of you in my class, we are now going to play fat roulette. Or, that’s what the other attendees have previously called it,”
“Fat Roulette!” exclaimed nearly everyone all at once.
Richard walked over to the corner of the room, whipped a black sheet away and revealed a large, upright roulette wheel. There were 12 empty compartments on it. And when you spun it, the pointer would stop in a random compartment.
“Lloyd, please give me a hand to move this to the front of the class,” said Richard.
“Right you are,” said Lloyd.
The two men dragged the roulette wheel into position.
“Right, I want each person to walk up to the roulette wheel in turn, use the magic marker and write into a compartment a reason why you think you’re obese. Then, we’re going to spin the wheel the same number of times as there is people here. If it doesn’t land on your reason, which it probably won’t, as there will only be a 1/12 chance it will. You can talk about the other persons reason and volunteer something constructive to help,” said Richard with exuberance.
Huh? Thought James.
One by one, people walked up to the fat roulette wheel and wrote in why they thought they were fat.
Annabelle was first, and she wrote in: ‘Changes in my body physiology’.
Lloyd wrote in: ‘Eating more calories, than I’m burning’.
It soon got round to James’ turn and he walked over to the wheel and scrawled: ‘Foul Play!’ into his compartment.
Basil Devlin was next.
“Foul play James? Goodness young man, I should hope not. However, I’m all up for any justification for this water weight that doesn’t blame me so bravo,” said Basil.
Basil wrote ‘Water Weight’ into his compartment.
James’ mind whirred, water weight? Well, I guess water is heavy.
From where Misty was parked, she could clearly see the fatness wheel. 
“Rightttttt,” said Richard. “Let’s spin this Obesity Wheel and see why we think we’re fat, and why we think each other are fat”
How charming! Thought James.
Each fat camper walked up to the wheel in turn and spun it. But every single time the wheel landed in the compartment that said ‘Foul Play’. 
James caught Misty doing an indicator wink out of the corner of his eye. 
“Well, I just don’t understand this,” said Richard, the wheel was working last time. Now, let’s take an early lunch and I’ll see you all back at 2pm for the measuring fat with body calipers session, can I get a yes Richard?” 
“Yes, Richard.” droned everyone in unison.
Everyone slowly filed out of the room and into the dining room.
James had a white fish and potato smash dinner, soon after dinner he made his excuses and headed up to his bedroom. He spent a quiet evening watching political programs, which was something he found relaxing. At 11pm he retired to bed and soon fell fast asleep. James dreamt that he was in a political meeting, and that people in Bunley were more interested in politics. Annabelle had come up to him afterwards and said she had liked what he’d said and they should go for a coffee afterwards to talk about how they could both advance the Centrist agenda in a politically polarized and hostile world.

Out of nowhere, Misty’s horn sounded three times, it wasn’t a loud horn, as scooter horns aren’t that loud, but it was enough to awaken James who was a light sleeper.
James jumped up; he checked his watch which said 2.07am. He stared out of the window from where he could see Misty parked.  At the far end of the car park, he saw a torch light moving slowly along. James peered through the window into the carpark more closely. It was Basil Devlin heading towards his Bentley.
In 10 seconds, James had slipped jeans and jumper on over his pyjamas, in another 5 seconds he’d grabbed his rucksack and he ran down to Misty as fast as he could. He was going to follow Basil and find out where on earth he was going at this time of night.
James arrived down with Misty just as Basil’s Bentley was leaving the Health Spa car park. James started Misty’s engine but turned the lights off, Misty’s engine was a 4 stroke, so it was quiet and it wasn’t too hard for him to follow Basil’s car from a distance without being seen. 
As he was riding along, James felt his mobile phone vibrate with a notification. James shouldn’t have done strictly speaking, but he got out his phone and read the text which said:
“DEVLIN HEADING TO HIS BAKERY FOR A MEETING WITH PROVISIONAL PAUL. HEAD THERE IMMEDIATELY, REMEMBER TO TAKE AND USE WHAT I GAVE YOU LAST TIME, MISTER BLACK”
Luckily for James, the item that Mister Black had given him was still in his rucksack, which as you know was on his back.
Misty continued to follow and the Bentley cruised through the back lanes which lead to Bunley. After about 6 miles, Devlin arrived in Bunley town centre and he continued towards the bakery.
Now that James knew where Basil Devlin was going, he didn’t need to follow so closely, so he dropped back even more.
James pulled up close to the bakery, but for the last 30 metres he turned Misty’s engine off and just silently rolled.
Parked around the side of the bakery in the shadows was Basil’s car, James peered into the bakery, a light was on inside. He wondered when Paul would arrive.
Minutes passed and there was no sign of Provisional Paul, but just then Misty overheard a conversation through a slightly ajar window in the bakery.
“Paul, why on earth are you standing in the shadows, let’s see you young man, we have things to discuss!” said Basil.
“I’ve been setting up a new business Basil, a tanning salon and I’ve hurt my eyes looking at the UV too long, so the eye doctor says stay out of the bright lights for a month,” said Provisional Paul.
“My goodness! A tanning salon! Whatever next Paul, we’re trying to make people in Bunley fat, not brown. Hang on, is a tanning salon profitable Paul,” said Basil who never missed a business opportunity.
“Well yeh, it’s a flipping goldmine Basil, it doesn’t even need to have staff, just CCTV to monitor, and I charge 10 pounds for 10 minutes, so it’s a pound a minute. And the Instagram loving chavs, well lap it up,” said Paul.
“It sounds very lucrative Paul, do let me know if you need any investment, perhaps for a second branch in Bigley?” said Basil.
Basil Devlin continued.
“Now Paul, I’m going to need another fifty sacks of weight gain powder. Can I be assured it will be as addictive as the last batch?”
“Oh, I’ve got my man on it, mixing it up, we call him the baker,” said Paul.
“Strange Paul, last time you said he was called John,” said Basil.
“Er, well yeh, John the Baker,” said Paul.
“Now Paul, just make sure it has the same very high calorie content too. Since it’s been mixed into all my bakery products, not only have sales trebled at the bakery, but also attendance is up 600% at my health spa. More money Paul, for you and me to buy up Bunley and control the whole area. We shall continue to raise rents to more appropriate levels shall we say,” said Basil Devlin.
With that Basil Devlin let out a huge guffaw, as he laughed, a button popped on his shirt. Paul laughed too and he noticed one of Basil’s eyes looked a bit strange.
Suddenly Provisional Paul stepped forward into the light of the room.
“You’re eyes alright now then Paul?” said Basil Devlin.
Paul reached up to his face and pulled off his mask, revealing that it was not Provisional Paul at all, but that it was James himself.
Basil went bright red with shock and anger.
James quickly got in first.
“Before you try any funny business Basil, everything that’s been said in your conversation with me here has been recorded and videoed and uploaded to my lawyer. Not only from my phone, but if you look to your left, you will see the video drone perched on the window?” said James
“Go on,” said Basil through gritted teeth.
“Now, you have two options Basil, stop putting this wretched addictive weight gain powder into all your bakery products immediately and destroy the remaining sacks of it. Or I will be forced to pass all my audio, video and my report onto the food standards agency, who will doubtless report you and I should imagine you will end up getting jailed,” said James.
Basil Devlin was far too bright not to accept a deal, when a good one was offered. But before he did, he tried one more trick.
“I’m only doing it James, because I feel so awful and hopeless about being the fattest man in Greater Bunley. Please let me continue a minute, this redresses the balance, this wonderful magic powder I mean, because everyone else becomes fat too,” said Basil in tears.
For a moment James felt sorry for Basil and wondered how he could help him, but then he remembered why he was there.
“No Basil, it stops today, or else I go to the authorities at 9am tomorrow morning,” said James.
“Ok you win, I will stop this today and first thing in the morning, I will destroy all the remaining weight gain powder,” said Basil.
“Well done, Basil, you’ve done the right thing,” said James.
“Yes, well I suggest we now go our own ways and may I request you stick to your side of the bargain and nothing gets said about this in Bunley,” said Basil.
That’s funny thought James, I don’t remember offering concessions in this deal, but he was kind enough to let Basil have something in return.
“Yes Ok, Basil, I won’t mention this in Bunley, but the audio and video remain with my organisation in long term storage. I assure you it’s very secure,” said James.
“Let’s hope it is secure James, now I bid you farewell for this evening,” said Basil.
Basil took a couple of paces away from James, but then he paused and turned back. Basil’s eyes transformed into lizard eyes for a couple of seconds and stared hard at James. 
James just pretended the eye changing didn’t happen, but he stared back for a second and then headed off into the night. But he made a mental note, he really should talk to Mister Black asap about Basil’s shape shifting, he wasn’t sure he totally understood what was going on there.
James was glad the Provisional Paul mask that Mister Black had given him had worked so well, the mask also had a voice change feature which made James’ voice sound like Pauls.
Before James got back on Misty, he texted Mister Black.
‘Thanks for your help, I’m glad I was right in guessing you had temporarily incapacitated the real Provisional Paul’ 
Five minutes later, Mister Black texted back.
‘Yes Jensen, turned up at Paul’s pub and challenged Paul to an impromptu boxing match. I hear a great time was had by all and that both Jensen and Paul have black eyes’
James simply replied.
‘Ha, Ha, Ha’ 


Chapter 9

The Prize Money

Provisional Paul and Horrible Karl were sat in the upstairs kitchen above the Grieving Monkey pub. Karl was sorting him and the boss out a coffee, the two mates sat down at the kitchen table. Karl was busy leafing through the local newspaper, Bunley Times, when something caught his eye.
“Ere, Paul, you know old man Manley who died recently,” said Karl.
“Yeh, of course I know him Karl, Oswald Manley owned what, 5% of the property in Bunley and he died leaving no heir. Basil and me have been watching the situation, to see if there’s anything we can snap up for our own property collection,” said Provisional Paul.
“What and snap it up and raise rents boss, like at my cousins place?” said Karl.
Suddenly Karl saw the dark side of his boss, Paul’s eyes flashed with anger and he leaned forward menacingly in his chair. Tough as Karl was, he was no match physically for Provisional Paul. 
“You shut it Karl, or you’re going to get it, we aren’t doing nothing wrong. Basils worked out all the rents to be market fair,” said Paul who liked to think he was a fair man really.
“Yeh, yeh, you’re alright Paul, you gotta do what you gotta do, business is business right,” said Karl trying one of his awkward smiles.
Karl continued: “Anyway boss, the point is, you ain’t gonna believe this boss, but you know Manley was into car racing in a big way?”.
“Yeh for sure I know Karl; his team were sometimes in my scrap yard looking for parts.
“Says here boss, that in Manley’s Will, there’s talk of a car race, and whoever wins the race, wins all the property too. But apparently there are conditions like,” said Karl. 
“What the hell, that’s got to be what, a 10 million property empire, maybe more and give it all away on a car race? I’m in on this race Karl, don’t know about you!” said an excited sounding, Paul. 
“Are you saying we enter a car boss!? This sounds pretty cool,” said Karl. 
“Give me that damn newspaper!” said Paul as he snatched it off Karl.
Paul reached inside his crocodile skin glasses case and put on his octagonal glasses.
“Apparently there’s a Will reading at Bunley town hall next Monday at 11am and all the conditions of the race will be announced. Well, you know where you and me are going to be Monday don’t you Karl,”.
“Town Hall boss innit,” said Karl.
“Damn right,” said Paul. 

Later that same day, James telephoned Happy House and asked for Mister Black: there was important business to discuss. James waited on the end of the phone for five minutes and eventually Mister Black appeared on the other end of the line.
“James, congratulations on foiling Basil Devlin and his obesity related shenanigans! I trust people in Bunley are deflating somewhat now!” said Mister Black.
“Well, they seem to be yes, well that was good team work all round. But Mister Black, I have some questions, I’m in need of advice please?” said James.
“Pray continue then,” said Mister Black.
“Well, can you advise me what on earths going on with Basil Devlin? He keeps swelling up 3 times his size into the shape of a lizard, it’s freaky Mister Black,” said James.
“Fallen angels shapeshifting to and from lizard, to human form is indeed scary James yes,” said Mister Black.
“So, Basil Devlin’s, a, a, demon?” said James.
“I don’t like to put labels on people or judge James, but it’s not looking good for our seemingly charming MP, Basil Devlin, is it!” said Mister Black.
“No, no it’s really not looking good is it,” said James.
James went quiet for a few seconds.
“What else is on your mind?” ventured Mister Black.
“Well, this stuff about the red circles that I saw at Happy House, and we’re fighting to stop the advancement of some kind of existential evil, agreed. But what happens if we lose, what happens if we can’t manage to stop it all,” said James who, as you know, was a man who liked to cover all bases. 
“What would happen if evil wins James? Oh, nothing much, only that the entire Universe will instantly implode into something the size of a pin head. Everybody and everything will instantaneously cease to exist forever,” said Mister Black.
“Whoa, that’s very serious,” said James.
“Yes, still this won’t be happening if we have anything to do with it, will it young James, so head up young man,” said Mister Black.
“Yes, let’s keep at it, we have to stop this Mister Black, we just have to,” said James. 
“I hear they’re having a big race in Bunley and the winner gains all Oswald Manley’s property.” said Mister Black.
“Well, I’ve heard about this yes, read it in the Bunley Times. We should enter Mister Black. I will drive the car, what about Jensen helping out and I could try and recruit Annabelle too,” said James.
“Sounds like you have this already mapped out. But your presumptuous nature is an asset, not an issue,” said Mister Black.
“Um, sorry I don’t mean to presume. But with the significant property at stake, I just thought it was a given that we take part,” said James
“Absolutely we’re taking part. But be careful James, the organisation has some money, but we aren’t massively rich. We are going to have to do this on a budget. Of course, If we win the race and all that property, some of us will be richer,” said Mister Black.
James gulped, this was a lot of pressure, but he knew how to drive, and how to drive fast. And before he’d got into computer repair, he’d worked as a car mechanic, so he felt he at least had a chance.
“I suppose Provisional Paul is entering Mister Black, doubtless he will try his tricks, we need to be ready for that. Anyway, Oswald Manley’s will reading is Tuesday morning at the town hall. There are apparently a lot of conditions to the race, so looks like we will find out on Monday,” said James.
“I imagine, I guess, where you’re going to be Monday morning then James. Find out, get back to me and we will get the budget sorted and you can sort out a car,” said Mister Black.
“Ah, no problem sounds good,” said James.
James ended the call, sat back in his armchair and sighed. Out of the frying pan and into the fire he mumbled to himself.

On Monday morning both James and Provisional Paul arrived at Town Hall for the will reading of Oswald Manley in good time. 
They were inside the reading room, which was a cavernous type of room. On the walls hung pictures of important Greater Bunley people dating back to the 1600s. The ceilings had traditional oak beams and the walls were lined with expensive wallpaper, beneath everyone’s feet was an oak parquet floor.
Inside the reading room, a crowd of something near 200 people was assembled. 
James looked over at Paul and Paul looked backed at James, neither said anything to each other, but if you were really good at amateur psychology, you might have detected some grudging mutual respect in the air.
Five more minutes passed and the clock ticked round to 10.00 am, everyone was looking at the stage in the reading room expectantly.
At 10.02 am, someone tall and spindly, dressed in a blue suit and black patent shoes, sidled onto the stage.
It was Richard from Fat Camp!
James wondered to himself why Richard was there and of course it raised questions of impartiality, but he remained silent. 
Richard leaned into the microphone and spoke.
“Well, I guess some of you lovely lot thought you’d seen the back of me, no such luck team,” said Richard pausing in expectation of laughter.
No one laughed though.
Richard continued. “Now, I’ve been hired by the estate of our dear, departed Oswald Manley to read the will and announce the terms and conditions (hereafter known as Ts and Cs) of the great race to come,”.
“Let’s hear it then mate!” shouted out Provisional Paul.
“Oooo, isn’t he a one, said Richard, he’s practically straining at the leash,” said Richard.
This time, a few Bunlians did laugh, at least a little. 
Richard theatrically cleared his throat; someone dimmed the lights and a spotlight shone at him.
“Now, some of you, perhaps all of you, will be aware that Oswald Manley, sole owner of Manley Rentals, a local property firm has sadly passed away at the age of 96, and we all know how much dear Oswald loved car racing,” said Richard.
He continued.
“Well,” said Richard, but then paused for 10 seconds for dramatic effect.
“Any chance of finding out what the Will says Richard?” enquired James politely
Richard glanced over at James in the crowd and continued.
“Yes James, I guess it is time to read it out. Well, Oswald Manley owned 5.8% of all the property in Bunley and he’s givingggggggg it away!!!” said Richard with great theatre.
Just as he said this, disco type lights shone at Richard. Rick Astley’s ‘never gonna give you up’ started playing from somewhere. Richard rick-rolled as he danced along.
James started dancing a bit too, this is cool he thought.
Richard waited for the Rick Astley song to play out and continued.
“In current prices, 5.8% of all Bunley’s property amounts to 11.3 million pounds. The person who wins the race, wins all the property, no questions asked,”.
The crowd made various excitable noises when they heard this news.
“Now there are various conditions to this race, which I shall read out now,” said Richard.
You must use cars, and they must have been manufactured between 1980 and the year 2000.
Racing teams shall have a maximum of 3 members, including the driver.
No team, shall spend more than £25 000 in total on the car, receipts will be examined.
The race will be for exactly 60 laps.
Only normally aspirated engines shall be used, so no turbos or superchargers are permitted.
Stewards appointed by the Manley Estate will monitor all events to ensure fairness.
The race winner, unconditionally wins the entire Oswald Manley property empire, they are free to do with it as they wish.
The race is only open to Bunley residents.
Absolutely no foul play of any kind.
Richard finished reading out the conditions of the race. There was now much muttering in the crowd. There was going to be quite a few entrants, people needed to get together their teams of three.
“The race will be in exactly four weeks’ time, at the Bunley race track. The race track has been hired for the preceding and subsequent week, so people can test their cars and practice,” said Richard
“Sounds great boss, yehhhhhhhh,” shouted Horrible Karl.
Paul just glared at him.
“We will meet again, at the race itself, where I will once again be the compere, bye for now angels,” said Richard.
Everyone slowly filed out of the reading room, James was finding it hard to think above all the excitable chatter. He needed to get home asap and think, there were phone calls to make, people to talk to, much was at stake.

By the time James got back to his flat, it was approaching midday. He microwaved himself a ready meal of macaroni cheese. He might have ate healthier, but it was a very busy day.
First, he got on the phone to Mister Black and told him the details of the race. He was only too pleased to help when he heard the amount at stake and he agreed to transfer a budget of £25000 to James’ bank account. 
Mister Black also volunteered Jensen to help on the team for the whole duration. This was good news as Jensen was smart and knew his way around the world.
James himself, as you know, had been a car mechanic before he had got into computer repair, but doing all the mechanics himself wasn’t possible, he needed another mechanic.
 James sat back in the chair and racked his brains, who else could help him he wondered? Then he remembered his idea about Annabelle, he’d met Annabelle at Fat Camp and they’d got on well, she was a mechanical engineer, which would be perfect for vehicle modifications. 
James fished inside his wallet; Annabelle had given him her card. He tapped the numbers into his phone and gave her a call, she answered quickly.
“Hey Annabelle, it’s James! We met at fat camp, how are you keeping?” he said.
“Oh my, do not talk to me about the accursed fat camp! Why on earth did I end up there! I’m alright, how are you, James?” said Annabelle.
“Ah yeh, I’m keeping well actually thanks. Hey Annabelle, how are you fixed for work? I may have a month’s work for you,” said James.
“Oh really? Well, you may be in luck, I’ve just finished some work doing mechanical engineering on a Satellite, so as it’s launched into space the run of works now over! I was looking forward to a couple of months off till my next contract, but what have you got for me James?”
Oh my goodness thought James. She’s going to ace fixing up this car, she’s just who I need on board. But James remembered, there’s only 25 thousand pounds all in, hmmm.
James explained the details of Oswald Manley’s race to Annabelle, how it would be terrible if the Manley property portfolio fell into the slippery hands of Basil Devlin and Provisional Paul. 
James then laid his cards onto the table.
“Annabelle, I’ve only got 25 thousand pounds budget all in for this. I intend to pay you, but we still have to buy a car, fuel it, pay for modifications etc. Any idea how much you’d want to help for four weeks,” said James trying his best to be charming.
“James, as you can guess, being a satellite engineer pays well, as it doesn’t mean I put satellite dishes onto houses,” said Annabelle.
James laughed at the joke; I like Annabelle he thought to himself.
“Just give me enough to cover my expenses for a month, which is £1250, then I haven’t had to dip into any of my savings hey,” said Annabelle.
“Wow that’s very kind of you Annabelle, so pleased to have you on board, Mister Black’s going to be thrilled too,” said James.
“Mister Black?” said Annabelle.
“Oh you may yet meet him, but he’s our financier. Now can we meet tomorrow at 10am and we will discuss what car we use and get out there and buy one!” said James.
“Sounds great, this is exciting,” said Annabelle.
“Oh and I have this man called Jensen loaned out to me for a month Annabelle, he’s a security guy, he’s our third team member, he can do a bit of everything, but he’s not a mechanic.” Said James.
“Ah ok, Jensen hey hmmm. OK see you tomorrow, James, I’m off to run a bath,” said Annabelle.
“Um, of course, until tomorrow,” said James feeling slightly embarrassed.
That night James slept well, for once things were on track, or at least they were at the moment. 

Chapter 10

Strong Metal

Next morning, James, Jensen and Annabelle were all sat in the café that adjoined Basil Devlin’s bakery in Bunley centre. James wondered how wise it was to eat in anything, Basil run. But no one knew they were coming, so he figured it would be alright. 
They were sat in one of the cafes booths, the seating was plastic, red and high backed, so even if you’re tall, only you’re hair could be seen from another booth. There were no cushions on the seating, this helped ensure customers didn’t linger too long over desert.
The table tops were printed on, in the centre they featured a smiling picture of Basil Devlin with outstretched arms, and surrounding the picture was a montage of Devlin businesses. The rest of café was fitted out a bit like a particularly brash red and white American diner, James rather liked it.
“Morning all, how are we all doing? Are you both as excited as me?” said James to Annabelle and Jensen.
“I’m looking forward to it, it will be like a month off,” said Annabelle.
“Just another job to me, Mister Black seems to think it’s important, so yeh I’m here,” said Jensen.
“Right.” Said James.
There was a pause, while everyone sipped their hot chocolates.
“What car have you got in mind?” said Annabelle.
“Well, I’m thinking about a Vauxhall Nova SR, we remove the 1.3 litre engine and shoehorn something about 3 litres in there. The Nova’s light and small, so it will help us keep out of Provisional Pauls way on the race track. We just need to ensure we strengthen the drive train and brakes, so the thing doesn’t collapse under the extra engine power,” said James
“Oh right,” said Jensen.
Annabelle, who’d been listening and nodding, didn’t reply, but she was busy googling, and doing calculations.
“Um, what do you think of the idea Annabelle?” said James.
“Oh it’s a good idea James, or I would have said it wasn’t. But I’m busy calculating the engine, drive train and brakes that will give the optimum power to weight ratio for the Nova. Bearing in the mind the Vauxhall Nova weighs 740 kilos and considering various torsion forces and how they will affect road holding generally and cornering stability. There’s going to be some welding to do of course also.” said Annabelle.
Blimming Heck! Thought James to himself, she’s calculated all that in about 20 seconds.
“Thanks Annabelle, this sounds helpful,” he said.
James could see that Annabelle was calculating, so he said nothing and just kept sipping his hot chocolate. A waiter came round and enquired if he’d like a pastry, which he readily agreed too. 
The pastry arrived at their table, but just as James was about to eat it, Jensen quickly snatched it out of his hand and bit into it.
“Uh, Uh, no James, we need you as light as possible for the race, Mister Blacks orders,” said Jensen.
“But. I need to eat,” said James. But that was the limit to his protestations.
About five more minutes passed and then Annabelle leaned forward to the other two conspiratorially.
“We can get a 2.9 litre Golf VR6 engine, which also has the same transverse layout. We also use the same drive train and front suspension and brakes from the Golf. Potentially we could fit on a supercharger too,” said Annabelle.
“That all sounds ideal, but remember, normally aspirated engines only, so no superchargers are allowed,” said James.
“Ah, of course, nearly forgot!” said Annabelle.
James went and sat next to Annabelle, so he could see the laptop screen and they both looked for suitable donor Golf cars.
Jensen was still there, but he was reading the Security Professionals website on his phone.

Meanwhile, Provisional Paul was in the flat above the pub, looking into the mirror staring at his reflection. My goodness, he thought to himself, you’re a beautiful man, you’re wasted here, you should have been in the movies. 
Paul massaged hair oil into his long hair and then pulled it back into the usual pony tail and tied it together with a gold scrunchie. He cleaned his octagonal glasses and grabbed his ¾ length black leather jacket and headed out to Difficult Gary’s motorcycle shop.
Gary was half-way through changing tyres on a big Kawasaki motorcycle when he looked out into the yard and saw Paul’s Mercedes purring into the drive.
‘Blimey! What does he want’ thought Gary and he gulped. He wiped his hands on his overalls and headed out to the Mercedes to meet Paul.
“Hey Paul, how’s it going mate? Anything I can help you with today?” said Gary.
“Ah Gary, how you doing mate? All good yeh. I want to have a little chat yeh,” said Paul.
“Step into my office,” said Gary laughing a touch nervously.
They both walked into the shop, Gary ushered his guest into the back area, where there were bikes for sale.
Paul looked at Gary hard in the face and spoke up.
“This race, there’s literally a fortune at stake for the winner. Oswald Manley’s gifting his entire property empire to the winner,” 
“Yeh, I’d heard about that Paul,” said Gary wondering what this all had to do with him.
“The truth is Gary; I’m going to need your mechanics expertise for a month. I will pay you well of course, we need to get a custom race car up together,” said Paul.
“I couldn’t leave the shop for a month, sorry Paul. I bet you will find someone else though,” said Gary.
“All taken care of my man. Basil has paid for an excellent motorbike mechanic to mind your shop for a month. I can personally vouch for him; he will be fantastic. I really need you on this Gary and it won’t be forgotten,” said Paul.
As Paul said this last little speech, he slapped him on the back. It might have been a friendly slap, yet it was a rather hard slap, and it made poor Gary jump a bit.
“Um, well seems like you have everything in place Paul, so yeh why not, this all sounds fun actually, be great to get a month out of the shop,” said Gary.
“Nice one, really pleased. Now, let’s wait here ten mins, your stand in mechanic will be arriving by then and you and me will head over to my place and we discuss which car to buy,” said Paul.
“Ah yeh, cool,” said Gary.
“Karl’s going to be working with us Gary, you know him yeh, he’s one of my best men, just tell him what to do and he will do it. I’m promoting you to Lieutenant on this job yeh.” said Paul.
“Ah, an Officers rank at last,” Yippee!” said Gary.
The two friends laughed and Gary fixed them a coffee, with coffee mate, whilst they waited for the stand in mechanic to arrive. 
Paul, Gary and Karl soon arrived at the Grieving Monkey pub and got into a big discussion about which car to use. Karl suggested a Ford Escort XR3i, he’d had one back on the day and he knew his way around it, he even knew how to change a set of brake pads on one.
Of course, Provisional Paul wanted a Mercedes, as fundamentally Paul felt if James got in the ‘way’ he could legitimately just ram him off the road with a big heavy car and still stay within the rules. 
Difficult Gary argued passionately that the team should have a Nissan 300ZX, he said the team should get the ‘Grey Import’ version as those were non turbo spec. Gary, eventually persuaded Paul and Karl that this was a good idea, as the 300s have a lot of horsepower, yet would be light and nimble for the race. 

The estate of Oswald Manley was busy making improvements to the Manley race track. A few small cracks and holes were being repaired on the tarmac race track. 
The race track itself was a mini-version of the Paul Ricard track in France, it has some longish straights, but also lots of tight turns. Most of the race track had safe run off areas, except the area that bordered the Bunley glass factory, where high factory walls were only 2 metres away from the race track edge.
Manley estate officials also improved the seating in the viewing areas, it was now 18 rows high. A VIP viewing box was also being built, where important guests could watch car races in indoor luxury. 
Catering outlets were being built into the wings of the race track too, places for fish and chips, donuts and a licensed bar.
You see the idea of Oswald Manley had been that the big prize money giveaway was going to gain the Manley Estate national, if not international press attention. It was planned to be an advert to launch the Manley racetrack into something hopefully as big as the Goodwood festival, bearing in mind the Manley family also owned a lot of the adjoining land.
 
Meanwhile, James, Jensen and Annabelle had found a donor Volkswagen Golf car with a 2.9 litre engine and bought it. The Golf had arrived next day, strapped to the back of a 7.5-ton lorry and it was now sat in James’ teams allocated workshop in the pits of the Manley racetrack. 
The team had also managed to track down a Vauxhall Nova SR in excellent condition, they had purchased it, and Jensen had collected it from London, and driven it back.
James, who as you know, had been a car mechanic in his earlier life, soon had the VR6 engine removed out of the Golf with Jensen’s help. The engine was now sat on a pallet, next to the Nova.
Annabelle looked at the engine and measured it from all angles, her fast fingers entered the data into her tablet computer. Next, Annabelle went over to the Nova SR and did more measuring. James raised the Nova high up onto the 4-poster ramp for easy access. It wasn’t long at all until Annabelle sat James and Jensen down with her conclusions.
“Right team! We are going to need to slot the engine, gearbox, driveshafts and suspension into the Nova,” said Annabelle.
“That’s going to be a **** load of work,” said Jensen.
“Well let’s hear what Annabelle has to say,” said James, who was also worried about the work load on this project, as the race wasn’t too far away.
“Yes, it is a lot of work isn’t it,” said Annabelle.
Annabelle whistled happily whilst the other two remained silent.
“Don’t look so worried James, we aren’t going to custom fit the Golf engine into the Nova, we haven’t got a year!” said Annabelle with a laugh.
“Huh?” said James and Jensen both at once.
“Noooo, we’re going to slice through the Golf, and cut the front of it completely and then attach it to the Nova,” said Annabelle.
“But why did I take the Golf engine out,” said James.
“Well James, it’s called teamwork, you knew I wasn’t arriving till this morning, why did you go ahead and take the engine out. But it won’t take you two guys long to put it back in, will it. I can help if need be,” said Annabelle.
“Yeh, that will be ok,” said James with a sigh.
“But won’t this hybrid car be a cut and shut, aint they supposed to be dangerous and illegal?” said Jensen.
“It will be a cut and shut Jensen yes, but this is an off-road race, MOT rules don’t apply and I’m going to make sure the welding and strengthening plates are plenty strong enough to cope with the increased forces,” said Annabelle.
“Ah that’s pretty cool then,” said James.
James and Jensen set to work putting the Golf engine back in the Golf whilst Annabelle starting manufacturing custom strengthening metal for the joining of the two cars together.

Provisional Pauls team had been making good progress. In the end Difficult Gary had sourced a bright red Nissan 300 ZX from the UK and he had perhaps wisely left it completely stock. He just serviced the engine, putting on a new oil filter and engine oil, air filter and spark plugs. Gary adjusted the engine valve clearances and other than that, the car had just needed a check over, as overall the Nissan was in really good shape.
The Oswald Manley estate had provided Paul’s team with the other workshop area near to the race track. 
Paul, Gary and Karl were all sat down drinking tea on a break between lap time testing the car. Paul had bought the team some Eccles cakes and the lads were busy filling their boots.
Just then Basil Devlin’s Bentley pulled up outside the workshop.
“Uh oh, the Big Mans here, what does he want!” said Karl.
“Never you mind Karl, I will deal with this,” said Paul.
Basil Devlin heaved himself out of the driving seat and starting walking towards them. Basil was wearing an orange suit today, with the led bow tie and unusually, he had a cigar in his hand.
“No smoking in here Basil please,” said Karl.
“Oh, I never light them dear boy, they just feel great in my hands, like a kind of prop,” said Basil. 
He continued.
“Now, do you gentlemen want the good news, or the even better news,” said Basil.
“Sounds good Basil, yeh tell all young sir,” said Provisional Paul.
“Right, I’ve decided that this whole event, the big race is going to be much more successful if I pay for a fairground to be sited adjacent to the race track. The fair will be here for 5 days in total. I plan to heavily subsidise the fairground ride tickets. This will be fantastic, and provide a useful distraction from the race,” said Basil.
“Why would you want a diversion from the race Basil?” said Gary.
“Well, if I knew the answer to that, I’d be a multi-millionaire young Gary,” said Basil.
“But you are a multi-millionaire Basil,” said Karl.
“That I am Karl, too true. But I don’t want you gentleman to concern yourselves with what’s going on. I just ask that you cooperate with the fairground staff and if they have any expenses or issues, their manager must report to Paul,” said Basil.
“Yeh, yeh Basil, that’s fine, I will be their point of contact, sure thing,” said Paul.
“Excellent Paul, now the business account, I’ve made sure that there’s 250K in there for expenses, but I will need receipts. So no Yachting weekends with paid staff, not unless I’m coming too!” said Basil.
As he said this, Basil burst into infectious laughter, his bow tie flashed all different colours.
The other men looked at Basil for a moment and then all started laughing too. 
Karl was laughing so much, he lost his concentration and knocked his tea over, the tea was just about to run into the bag of Eccles cakes. But Basil leaned forward and grabbed the cakes just in time.
“One Eccles cake for me and one Eccles cake for me,” said Basil as he bit into his first.
“Yeh, help yourself Basil, that’s what they’re there for,” said Paul.
“Wonderful! Now gentleman, I will bid you farewell as I have other calls to make this morning,” said Basil.
“Yeh, see you later Basil,” said Paul.
With that, Basil about turned and waddled over to his Bentley. and soon disappeared. 


Chapter 11

It All Happens

James’ team’s car had now been carefully assembled. The Golf VR6 front end had been successfully paired with the Vauxhall Nova rear. Annabelle had done a great job of strengthening the join between the two cars. The car worked well in testing, except the back end tended to skip about a bit under heavy acceleration. Jensen had quickly solved this problem by putting 6 sandbags in the cars boot. 
Provisional Paul’s team’s car, the Nissan 300 ZX non turbo model was long since fully operational and returning good lap times in testing. Difficult Gary was very pleased about how it was all going and he’d resisted Paul and Gary’s attempts to persuade him to sneak a turbo onto the engine.
The Manley race track had several other workshops, where other teams were also preparing and testing a variety of different cars. Other cars included a Porsche 911 and a Ford Escort Cosworth. These other cars had the advantage of being very fast, but also the disadvantage that they have an awful lot of moving parts to go wrong in a race. 
All in, 11 teams were entering cars into the race. You might have thought more teams would enter, but the tough competition was putting some people off. Also, the race was announced at short notice, and it was only open to residents of Bunley.
It was now the day before the big race and all entrants were called out to outdoor stage area of the Manley race track. Behind the stage, builders had hurriedly built a clock tower façade.
 
All 11 teams assembled in front of the stage and James could see a tombola machine sat waiting. Large speakers and what looked like disco lights were also positioned around the stage. 
“Here we go, all we’re waiting for now is Richard,” said James to Annabelle and Jensen, who were stood with him.
Annabelle laughed.
Jensen made a grunting noise, which could have been a laugh.
Of course, Paul was also stood there, waiting with Gary and Karl.
“Ere Paul, why has this gotta always be in the dark,” said Karl.
“Richard’s theatre works better in the dark,” said Provisional Paul.
“Oh yeh….” said Karl.
At 9pm, disco lights started flashing on the stage from all angles and Gloria Gaynor’s, ‘I am what I am’ started blaring out of the speakers.
A spotlight shone on Richard as he appeared onto the stage. 
Local TV news crews started their cameras rolling and you could see cameras flashing.
Richard danced along to Gloria as he walked towards the microphone. He’d really pulled out all the stops, he was wearing a diamond sequined bright green suit and shiny patent gold shoes. He’d grown his hair a little longer and it was brushed up into a huge quiff.
Richard reached for the microphoned and picked it up.
Gloria Gaynor faded out but instead the 20th Century fox intro theme played.
“I am what I am, I don’t want praise, I don’t want pity,” said Richard to the teams and spectators in the crowd.
“Huh?” said Karl out loud. 
Others in the crowd laughed and clapped at what Richard said.
At the very back of crowd, hiding in the shadows and on different sides, unbeknown to each stood Mister Black and Basil Devlin. Usually, as you know, Basil liked to be the centre of attention, but he had his reasons for staying out of the spotlight.
“Now, the reason we’re all assembled here, is we’re having a tombola to find out who starts the race in pole position, and find out which unlucky cherubs take the back position,” said Richard.
There was more flashing lights and more disco music and Richard drew the first ticket out of the tombola. 
“Now, the first team to be drawn is, isssss, issssssssss, Provisional Paul’s team. And what does it say on the back, hmm let me see, last position. Sorry hun, that mean you get the last spot Paul, but fair’s fair,” said Richard.
“Boss, we’re in the last spot, this aint fair,” said Karl.
An enraged Paul snapped at Karl.
“Shut it, do you think, I haven’t already thunk this,” 
Paul leaned in near to Karl’s ear.
“I’ve got a plan, the race is first thing in the morning, right. We aren’t starting in last place Karl, trust me,”
“Innit Boss,” said Karl.

Race day arrived, and my goodness, it was pouring with rain.
All the teams did their final pre-race checks and manoeuvred their cars into position.
James had drawn in the front row and from his driving seat, he peered back at Pauls car in the back row.
Richard blasted an air horn and spoke into his megaphone.
“Ten minutes darlings till the race starts, you will need to watch the traffic lights. They will change from red, to amber, to green. Don’t forget, its 60 laps and the Marshall’s will hold signs showing what lap you’re on. Good luck Bunley racers,” 
Paul was all strapped into his Nissan, he had the window halfway down and was chatting to Karl. 
Just then, Paul contorted his arms and hands into strange shapes and his eyes glazed over, he shook violently in the car seat and started foaming at the mouth.
Karl picked up his handheld radio. 
“Gary, get over here now! the Boss is having a flippin eppy,” 
“Well get a medic, you pratt, don’t ring me on the radio to tell me,” said Gary getting very red faced, very quickly. 
“Medic, Medic, over here!” shouted Karl repeatedly.
“Don’t just shout medic, run over to the Ambulance and get the flippin medics,” shouted Gary right into Karl’s ear.
“Alright, alright, but less of your lip,” said Karl glaring at Gary.
The medics soon arrived and determined that Provisional Paul had experienced an epileptic fit.
This news wended its way back to Richard, who had consultations with Manley Estate officials.
In the light of Provisional Paul’s medical emergency, the race was suspended for 72 hours. 
Richard made the announcement, and the crowd of spectators groaned in annoyance. 
“Better to be safe, than sorry darlings, this race will happen trust me dears,” said Richard to the crowd through the megaphone.

Later that same night, Paul and Karl were sat at the kitchen table above the Grieving Monkey pub.
“You’ve made a quick recovery boss, are you alright?” said Karl.
“Of course I’m alright, do you really think I’ve got epilepsy Karl you plank? I faked the seizure to postpone the race. You realise the starting grid positions are going to be redrawn now. And the chances are we will get nearer the front,” said Paul.
“Ha ha nice one Boss, I reckon I’m on the winning team here,” said Karl.
Paul said nothing. But inside, he was thinking, I just hope you’re right Karl. Not just for my sake, but for Katrina and the kid’s sakes.
 
The racing car grid starting car positions were redrawn out of the Tombola, without the pomp and ceremony this time. James and Provisional Paul’s car were both in pole position, right next to each other. 
Paul was obviously pleased about this, but to James it mattered little either way, as he’d rather win absolutely fairly, if he were to win.
It was now 3 days later on race morning, James, Jensen and Annabelle were all stood in the garage shortly before the race. Jensen was running a cloth over the cars paintwork and Annabelle was checking tyre pressures.
Misty, who had been in the pit lane garage all along, was watching proceedings. James had deliberately parked the scooter so she could see the race track. 
“That scooters kind of in the way there James, we could put a set of spare tyres there, they’d be nearer to the pit,” said Jensen. 
“The thing is Jensen, Misty’s been good to me, I regard her as my lucky charm,” said James.
“So, I’m not your lucky charm then James?” said Annabelle jokingly.
“Well, there’s no doubting your charming Annabelle. But Misty and I have been a lot of places, been in many adventures together,” said James.
“Together,” said Jensen, and burst out laughing.
“Yes, together,” said James sticking to his guns.
“Well, I think it’s really sweet, the scooter obviously means something to James, don’t give him a hard time Jensen, let him park Misty so she can see,” said Annabelle. 
“Right you are Miss Annabelle,” said Jensen deferentially, and this time, it was James’ turn to try not to laugh. 
An hour or so later and all the cars were lined up on the starting grid in rows. Including late entrants, the number of cars taking part had grown from 11 to 14. The Porsche 911 was there, plus the Escort Cosworth plus an assortment of 10 more cars from the 1980 to 2000 era. 
James was sat in his Nova/Golf hybrid next to Provisional Paul on the front row. 
Paul looked over into James’ car and drew his finger along his throat in a cutting motion. Then he laughed and smiled, so it wasn’t clear if it was a joking or not. 
James tensed in his seat, he knew Paul was dangerous, there were the stories, the man he’d killed by injection with air. What was he planning he wondered?
A large crowd had gathered for the race once again. The large amount of prize money had attracted local and national news teams. 
Once again, Richard blasted his air horn and repeated his speech about this being a race of 60 laps.
James started his car’s engine and revved it, it sounded good, a throaty roar, real power.
 Looking into the crowd, he thought he saw Mister Black, but he wasn’t sure. 
James looked around again, he could see the pit from where he was, Annabelle and Jensen waved at him. 
Richard blew the air horn again.
“Ladies and Gentleman, the race for the Manley property will start in 10 seconds. Racers, watch the traffic lights, when they change from amber to green, goooooooo!” said Richard.
Survivors’ song, The Eye of the Tiger boomed out of the speakers.
The lights changed from red, to amber and then to green.
All 14 cars leapt away from the start line at full throttle, there was lots of blue smoke, and screeching tyres. 
Paul managed to get in front of James in pole position by the first corner, James was in second place. 
The rest of the cars were closely packed together behind and the tempo of the race was fast paced.
James’ V6, 3 litre Nova Golf was close on the tail of Paul’s Nissan 300 ZX as the marshal waved the flag to say lap 1 was completed. As James passed the start/finish line he glanced left quickly. Annabelle was holding a sign that simply said ‘Go James’ and even Jensen managed a thumbs up.
James glanced to his right, high up in the stands in the last row, he could see Mister Black.
As James kept his foot down on the accelerator, he concentrated as he continued to chase Paul who was still in first place. 

Meanwhile, two miles away, Basil Devlin was up a tree, with a loaded semi-automatic rifle, with a telescopic sight.
You see, Basil Devlin hadn’t achieved all he’d done by entrusting the important things to others, he’d decided to take James out from the race himself.
However, Basil wasn’t an incompetent who took unnecessary risks, if there was any really dirty work to do, he would let someone else to do it.
Basil was three metres high, perched on a branch, he tracked James going round the track through the telescopic sight. He aimed for the tyres on James’ car and squeezed off a mini burst of rounds. 
The bullets slammed into James’ front left tyre, but they didn’t penetrate the tyre wall, instead they ricocheted highly dangerously into the crowd.
“Aghhhhhhh!” shouted a man in the crowd.
A bullet had ricocheted off the Manley race track signage and slammed itself into the fleshy part of his bum. 
“What the hell! Aghhhhh! What’s going on here!” shouted the man’s girlfriend. 
The rest of the volley of rounds made a lot of noise but didn’t injure anyone else.
The injured man continued to shout and scream and a Manley official wearing a blue and white high viz called for a medic on his radio.
The crowd looked over at the screams, but in the mayhem, it wasn’t clear that the problem was due to stray bullets, so the race continued.
With all the noise of the engines, James didn’t even hear the bullets hit his tyres. You see, Annabelle had installed Kevlar walled tyres on his car, hence why the bullets didn’t penetrate. 
Basil Devlin, still up the tree, was watching the situation unfold via his binoculars and he soon realised his plan hadn’t worked. 
“For goodness’ sake, I need to get the hell out of this tree immediately, or else if I’m caught, the sentence for firing live rounds into a public place is going to be severe,” said Basil to himself.
And just for once, he started panicking and started to manoeuvre himself out of the tree. But Basil wasn’t used to climbing and with the lack of balance caused by holding the rifle, he lost his balance and fell out of the tree a full 3 metres.
You might think our corpulent shape shifter would have got hurt, but just as Basil was about to hit the ground, something unseen yet present caught him and broke his fall. 
“Ah, yes, much appreciated,” said Basil acknowledging the assistance of the unseen force that had come to his rescue.
Basil recovered his composure, brushed the dust off his jacket and realised it was now up to the rest of his team to stop James.
“One can only hope,” said Basil aloud to no one in particular.

Meanwhile, the race was continuing fast and had progressed to lap 37, the Escort Cosworth had blown a valve and dropped out completely. 
The Porsche 911 was in third place, but now James was in first place and Paul was in second position, James having undercut Paul on a corner. 
The other eleven cars were still very much in the race and were right behind the two leaders.
Provisional Paul stared at James right in front and mouthed silently to himself: “I’m going to run you off the damn road,”.
You see, Difficult Gary and Karl had strengthened Paul’s car all round, so in a crash, his car would remain relatively unscathed, but the other car would be smashed to smithereens. 
Paul positioned his car ready to smash into James’ car on the next corner, Paul fully intended to just continue once he hit James, he was just going to nudge his car into the side, so as not to stop the race completely.
Misty, who was watching from just inside the workshop, knew what Provisional Paul was about to do. 
Just as Paul’s car was about to ram into James’ car, Misty acted, and using only the magic, that magic scooters have. Misty launched Paul’s car ten feet into the air.
The large crowd gasped with wonder and excitement as they saw Paul’s Nissan doing airborne circles. 
Misty, who also didn’t want the race to stop, ensured that Paul’s car landed right side up in the field, just to the right of the race track, but with sufficient damage to withdraw Paul from the race.
A shaken but unhurt Provisional Paul unstrapped himself from the four-point harness and walked back to the pits cursing James and whoever was helping him.
James had watched Paul’s car flipping in his mirror with awe, yet not altogether surprised.
The race continued and James managed to hold onto his pole position lead, despite brave challenges from a driver in a 5 series BMW and a VW Scirocco. 
On lap 59 of 60 James was heading down the long straight at 135mph, he checked in his rear-view mirror, the nearest challenging car was 200 metres back.
“I can’t believe my luck, said James into the radio, we might just win this,”
“Keep going, you’re doing great, just two more turns and then the final shorter straight!” said Annabelle into James ear on the radio. 
James navigated the last two turns without a problem and he started to relax as he powered along the final straight to victory. He could see the finish line about 500 metres ahead.
However, what James couldn’t see was a huge lorry from the fairground was reversing slowly up to the finish line of the race to stop James getting over the finish line.
You see, Provisional Paul had paid a goon to pull this trick, even going to great lengths to engineer a brake failure on the lorry so it looked believable. 
James saw where the lorry was heading and straight away, he realised he may have to abort the race. 
No amount of prize money was worth dying over.
All this flashed through James’s mind in less than a second and he was a split second away from braking and pulling of the race.
But just as James was about to break, he heard a voice, he wasn’t sure who’s voice it was, but it said ‘Keep going man,’
James, who’d learnt to run with the magic by now, took a calculated risk and kept the accelerator of his car pressed hard to the floor. 
Doing about 105mph, James was fast closing in on the lorry.
On both sides of the finish line were brick walls, and the lorry was closing the remaining gap fast, there was only about half a cars width to get through. James could see he wasn’t going to make it, and he was going too fast to stop safely now. 
“I’m going to hit the lorry, I’m going to die, Misty helppppppp me,” said James aloud.
Then, Misty suddenly flipped James’s car up onto its two side wheels, which had the effect of narrowing the width of the Golf Nova.  
So thankfully, the Golf Nova, was able to squeeze through the narrow gap between the walls and the lorry without hitting either, and win the race.
A Manley estate official waved the chequered flag for James and the lorry reversed away from the finish line in time for the other cars to finish safely.
On the microphone, Richard shouted out “James wins!” and the crowd erupted in shouts of delight.
Annabelle was jumping up and down excitedly in the pit shouting “Yes, Yes, Yes,”.
Mister Black smiled contentedly from his vantage point, and then quietly slipped away.
By now, Provisional Paul, Difficult Gary and Horrible Karl were all back in the workshop, swearing and shouting at each other and blaming anyone but themselves.
James arrived onto the Podium and opened his big winner’s bottle of champagne; he shook it over himself,  the winners of 2nd and 3rd place and anyone else nearby. 
Richard got back on the microphone.
“In this envelope, I have the deeds to the entire Manley property empire, worth over 10 million pounds in today prices. As the winner of today’s 60 lap race, I hereby award it to James’ team on behalf of the Manley Estate,”.
“Thank you so much, thankyou Richard,” said James.
The assembled press snapped photos and filmed James and the other winners. 
The story got into the Daily Mail on the front page, but it didn’t make the front page of the Guardian, who were busy on a Partygate scandal.
As for the party that night at the Manley race track, well it lasted into the small hours. 
James had a slow dance with Annabelle at the end of the night, just as friends of course.
As they danced, Annabelle said to James: “it’s been a great day”.
“Yes, it has, it really has,” said James.
And indeed, it had been a great day, but one thing James knew for certain, when he finally got home, he was going to eat that last cheese scone.


Chapter 12

The Alien Monolith

The next morning James slept late till 11am, he yawned, then headed downstairs for a breakfast of toast, scrambled egg and coffee.
He listened to the radio news; they were talking about an increase in climate change extreme weather events.
“I’m not a rich man, what can I do about climate change?” said James aloud, even though no one was listening.
Then he remembered, last night he’d won the entire Bunley property empire, the deeds to all the property were on the table in front of him.
James sat up straight, still a little shocked at the events of last night.
 He decided to telephone Mister Black. After all, it was the organisation that had invested all the money for the race. Yet he hadn’t signed a contract with Mister Black, about how the property would be divided up, should he win.
James telephoned Mister Black and waited ten minutes for him to arrive at the phone.
“Ah, James well I never! I had every faith in you, young man,” said Mister Black.
“Well thanks, it wasn’t easy though. I nearly died, were it not for Misty,” said James.
“Well yes, there’s the other hero right there, Misty. Question, who’s the bigger hero?” said Mister Black laughing.
“Well, like I say, I’d be a dead hero if it wasn’t for Misty,” said James.
“Yes, thank goodness you weren’t martyred. Now, what do you plan to do with your newly acquired mini property empire young man?” enquired Mister Black.
“My mini property empire? It’s your property Mister Black, for the organisation, you fronted up the 25 thousand Pounds, or I would have never had enough to buy the car and pay Annabelle etc,” said James.
“So, you owe me 25K and Jensen’s wages for a month, let’s call it 27K to repay?” said Mister Black.
‘Mister Black, I don’t need 11 million pounds worth of property, but the organisation does, the rental incomes can help fund other workers, help keep Happy House alive,” said James.
“Well, that’s very kind, but keep enough of the houses to secure your own financial position. Plus, then I can stop your monthly stipend. I assume you want to keep working for the organisation now James. Of course, you will now be working in a voluntary capacity, as money isn’t a problem for you now,” said Mister Black.
“I tell you what I’m going to do, I’m going to keep one quarter of the houses, one for me to live in and a few more to pay me a rental income. The other three-quarters of the property, I’m going to donate to the organisation,” said James.
“Well that’s most kind, I’m absolutely delighted at your generosity, this will secure the future of the organisation for years to come, I can’t believe we did it,” said Mister Black.
“It’s great yes,” said James.
‘Your very wise to set up an independent source of income for yourself. I mean I could go mad, or be killed, or kill, or anything, relying on other people is inherently unstable,” said Mister Black.
‘Ha ha Mister Black, you aren’t going to ‘kill’ anyone! So what do we do now?” said James.
 This was really a rhetorical question, as James knew it was going to be more of the same. This big win would only serve to enrage Paul and Basil and spur them onto even more horrible plans. 
“Well yes, we may be financially secure, but this is only going to cause a redoubling of efforts from the dark side,” said Mister Black.
“How did you know what I was thinking?” asked James.
“It’s what any right-minded person would think,” replied Mister Black.
“Yes, I suppose you’re right,” said James.
“Keep pushing back against the advancement of evil James, the organisation will be watching and supporting you. Contact me, as and when you need to, and I can send supporting staff, if need be,” said Mister Black.
“Well thanks, appreciated,” said James.
“Until we talk again then, and thanks once again,” said Mister Black.
“Bye for now,” said James. 

For the next few weeks, James busied himself with sorting out the Manley property. He delivered the deeds to the organisation, their three-quarter share.
It turned out James’ quarter of properties amounted to six houses. James cleaned them thoroughly, they didn’t need much painting or fixing as Oswald Manley had kept them in good order.
For reasons only known to James, he didn’t move out of his rented council flat.
 Instead, he rented out all six of his new properties, for fair prices, which were set by linking rents to a reasonable percentage of average earnings in the Bunley area. 
Surprisingly, James kept the computer repair business going. You see, he found the computer repair work enjoyable, but more importantly, it was a great way to gather intelligence about Bunley, what was going on out and about. 
So despite everything, things returned to a normal life pattern for James.

It was a rainy day in Bunley and James was out in the town centre on a computer repair job. He was in a flat above the fruit and veg shop fixing their work computer. It was choked with dust and had a broken fan, so it had been overheating. Also, James put a new SSD Hard Drive into the computer. He was there some time as he had to reinstall Windows onto it.
James was sat down by a big bay window that overlooked the main Bunley high street. The Windows updates were taking several hours, so he people watched down below. 
Just then, he noticed two old ladies locked in a wrestle, they were rolling around the wide grey chequered pavement shouting at one another.
“Get the hell off me, you old witch, you aint having my eggs,” shouted one of the ladies.
“I’m not after your eggs, I’m only wrestling you because you snatched my shopping, you’re trying to blimming steal it,” shouted the other lady, who had white permed hair. 
“You witch!”.
“You cow!”.
  James watched open mouthed in disbelief from his vantage point. 
A small crowd had gathered around the scrapping old ladies. But they weren’t trying to break them up, the crowd was laughing and placing bets on who was going to win.
James ran down to the street and pushed his way through the crowd, and in-between the old ladies.
“Break it up, come on ladies, this isn’t worth fighting over,” shouted James with a mouthful of old lady hair. He did eventually manage to break up the ladies, but the crowd booed and jeered at this.
“Come on everyone, we can’t just stand by, do nothing and let these ladies beat each other up. What’s wrong with you all today?” said a baffled James. 
“Whatever, you do gooders are all the same, you’ve spoiled a good fight and I stood to win, £30 if Ethel Masters won that fight,” shouted a well-dressed man in a business suit.
Feeling rather frightened about the crowd turning against him, James quickly ushered the old ladies away and slipped back upstairs into the flat above the fruit and veg shop. He locked the flat door, got his breath back and wondered what on earth was going on.
James quickly finished the computer repair and left a bill with bank transfer details for the fruit and veg shop owner. Just before he left, he looked out the shop window one more time, people were barging past each other in the high street below. Mini road rage incidents were happening all the time below as vehicles knocked into each other.
“This is really weird!” said James aloud.
He decided to slip out of the shop back entrance and take the back roads home, this was all getting too scary. He really didn’t want to get attacked on the way home for no just or rational reasons.
James navigated down the side streets on his way back, when he got to Castle Road, he noticed several smashed car windows. Round the next corner he saw a red scooter, a bit like Misty, with a smashed ignition lock where someone had tried to steal it.
“For goodness’ sake! What on earths going on!” said James aloud.
A couple of streets later, he got to the secondary school, he peered through the school gates. Alarms were going off and lots of children were in the playground organised into groups.
James raised his eyebrows.
What looked like a male teacher was standing near the school gate smoking a cigarette.
“Everything alright in there?” said James.
“Ah yeh, it’s going great, all the kids have refused to go to lessons, instead they’re just roaming round the school grounds in gangs, trading contraband and fighting each other,” said the teacher.
“OMG! This sounds awful, do you want me to help? call anyone?” said James.
“Nah, I think it’s all fun, boys and girls, will be boys and girls. I just bought this pack of cigarettes for 50p from one of the boys, so I’m not complaining,” said the teacher.
James paused for a moment, looking at the teacher in bewilderment, then he stared at the mayhem inside the school. Without saying goodbye to the teacher, he turned on his heels and jogged the rest of the way home.

James arrived at his front door, he turned the key in the lock and went inside and sat in his favourite chair. He poured himself a Cola and cut himself a slice of Dundee cake. The refreshments gave him a little boost, but deep-down he was troubled. 
He thought about phoning Mister Black for advice, but he wanted to find out more about what was going on first. 
James put on his coat and grabbed his keys; he went over the road to the garage where Misty was parked up inside. The garage was kitted out nicely, with large strip lights, a workbench and most importantly another comfy seat. He plonked himself down in the chair with a sigh and said aloud.
“Misty, I need your help, I’ve had enough,”
James stared hard at Misty hoping for answers, the blue scooter was quiet for a moment, but then she started flashing indicators, short flashes and long flashes.
‘Hang on a minute, this is morse code!’ thought James to himself. 
And it really was morse code.
James, who was conversant with more code because of his interest in amateur radio, watched Misty’s sequence of short and long flashes carefully.
Misty kept repeating the same sequence, so James grabbed a piece of paper from the top of the workbench and noted it down. After a few minutes, he’d deciphered what Misty was trying to tell him which was:

‘Go to the East Downs, 40 miles North of here, find the Alien Monolith, photograph its inscriptions. Bring them back to me and I will give further instructions. And James, please try and cheer up, the worlds not going to end, at least not if I have anything to do with it. Misty,’

At Misty’s instructions, James suddenly felt much happier, his good mood returned and he felt his energy return. He bounded over the couple of steps to Misty and flung his arms around the scooter.
“Thanks so much, you don’t know how much this helps means to me, I was about at the end of my tether, I really was,”
James held the embrace with Misty for a few seconds.
But Misty had a little more to say yet and her indicators flashed away. James quickly deciphered the new morse code message. 
‘Take Annabelle with you, she has a role to play yet,’.
Blimey, thought James to himself, this is deep.
“Yes, OK Misty, Annabelle’s help would be useful you’re right. I will phone her tonight and first thing tomorrow morning, we will head into the hills. Perhaps we can spend a night or two out there camping,”
You see the location where James had to go was only accessible by foot, so he’d have to hike in quite a few miles, so it was going to take all weekend. 
James bid Misty goodnight, locked up the garage and went inside his flat to telephone Annabelle.
Annabelle answered after only 2 rings. 
“James! What’s going on much, how does it feel to be a rich man?” she said.
“Hey Annabelle, good to talk to you, well I’m not especially rich, perhaps you could say slightly well off these days after the Manley win. A win which never would have happened if you hadn’t of helped,” said James.
“Well, you hired me, and you paid me so we’re good. And don’t forget, it was you driving, your win,” she said. 
“Well Annabelle, tomorrows Saturday, yes? have you got much on this weekend?” said James. 
“Um, I’m free, have you got anything in mind?” said Annabelle.
“Well brace yourself, it’s a bit of a story,” said James.
“Uhuh?” said Annabelle.
He continued.
“Well, have you noticed things have gone haywire in Bunley? There’s an outbreak of violence and general rebellious evil. It’s wild!”
“No, I hadn’t, for goodness’ sake, what on earth is going on in Bunley now?” said Annabelle.
“Well, to be honest Annabelle, I was absolutely at the end of my tether. Just tired of one thing after another, you know. Then I went and sat in the garage with Misty and she winked a load of morse code at me,” said James.
“Lol, so Misty’s doing morse code now? What on top of flipping Paul’s car over. Don’t think I didn’t notice that, I just thought we could talk about it another time, let the excitement blow over first,” said Annabelle.
“Misty does morse yes, with indicator winks! She wants us to go to the East Downs, 40 miles North of here and note down what the writing says. Then bring it back to her for decryption. Oh I nearly forgot, Misty says you have a role to play yet too,” said James.
Annabelle burst out laughing!
“What me? And Misty wants me to get involved with an Alien Monolith…. And I presume it has something to with reversing the outbreak of evil in Bunley too?” she said. 
As he listened, James thought to himself, I hardly need to explain anything to Annabelle, she just joins all the dots herself, quick as a flash. 
“That’s exactly correct, now please bring all your camping gear and meet me at mine 9am tomorrow morning. If that’s ok with you, that is?” said James.
“Yes, see you in the am, oh and if you do bring donuts, buy them from the supermarket, not Basil Devlin’s bakery!” said Annabelle.
“Ha, ha, you read my mind, I was already thinking about bringing 5 donuts. OK bye for now, and see you in the am,” said James.
James ended the call and sat back down in his favourite chair. He thought to himself, how much he’d like a holiday. But not a camping weekend chasing after Alien Monoliths kind of holiday. No, a nice holiday, with sunshine and swimming, blue skies and all-inclusive food and drink. And entertainment every night in the bar. And maids who cleaned your room in the morning. That was the holiday he wanted right there.
And with these pleasant thoughts in his mind, he settled down to a Tarantino movie. 


Chapter 13

The East Downs

“Good morning, Basil, what can I do for you?” said Provisional Paul. He answered the telephone with one hand and with the other he tied his pony tail back with a black scrunchie. He paced around the pub’s beer cellar as he talked. 
“Well Paul, good morning to you too, how’s things? How’s Katrina and the children, in rude health I hope?” said Basil. 
Rude health? thought Paul to himself? He shook his head, I ain’t even going to ask.
“They’re doing good Basil yeh,” said Paul.
Basil continued. “I have growing concern about young James, throughout our every endeavour, our every plan, that little beggar is always in our way. And that dreadful scooter he has, I think it’s using magic to help him,” 
“A scooter using magic? Huh Basil?” said Paul. 
“Yes, magic forces do exist Paul, both positive and negative types. I’m going to introduce it to you one day, but for now, just trust me, it exists,” said Basil matter of factly.
Paul listened carefully to his boss, he’d long since learned to take his word on things. If Basil says magic exists, it must exist.
“Right you are Basil, yes I will watch out for the magic, er scooter,” said Paul.
“Watch out for the magic in other areas too Paul, but now back to the matter in hand, young James,” said Basil.
“Yup?” said Paul.
“I want James and the scooter under surveillance 24/7/365. If he takes the rubbish out, I want it recorded down. If he takes the 125cc out for a picnic, I want to know about it. I want him filmed, spied on, photographed, I want audio. I want to know who his friends are, and I want them watched too,” said Basil with a menacing, obsessive tone to his voice.
“OK, right you are Basil, you think he’s that bad do you?” said Paul.
“The problem isn’t that he’s bad Paul, the problem is that he’s too good. And sometimes, if you want to make it in life, you have to bend a few rules, as you well know,” said Basil.
“Yeh, I know all about bending rules,” said Paul with a laugh. 
But for once Basil didn’t laugh, he was tired of James and he was one step away from ordering for him to be taken out completely.
“Now Paul, I note the expenses from the Manley race only came to 46K, that means you have 204K left to spend on watching James. Report back to me when you have something to say yes?” said Basil.
“Of course, I will Basil, you can rely on me,” said Paul.
“I sincerely hope so Paul, I really do, goodbye for now,” said Basil, who then hung up the phone.
What was Basil’s problem today thought Paul, they were doing everything they could to stop James, but he was a slippery eel and he seemed to have help too. 
Paul, put on his gold chain necklace and sprayed some expensive aftershave about his person. He grabbed his keys and jumped in his Mercedes, he then headed over to Karl’s to brief him to focus on surveillance.

The next morning arrived and Annabelle arrived promptly at James’ front door, at the agreed time.
“Morning Annabelle, are you ready for a camping weekend then?” said James.
“Too right, looking forward to it,” said Annabelle.
The two friends checked their gear, they both had their own tents, sleeping bags, 3 days food and water, mini gas stoves and torches. James also had brought license free PMR walkie talkies, so they could communicate if they got separated. 
“Have you got your waterproofs too?” said Annabelle.
“For sure, it might pour down! Are we going to take your BMW to the edge of the countryside?” asked James.
“Well, I was thinking of taking the car, then I realised it would be smart if we went on Misty, you know all things considered,” said Annabelle.
James thought for a minute, there was the open face spare crash helmet he kept under his seat. Annabelle was slim so she wouldn’t put a strain on Misty’s engine. I guess her rucksack can go on her back and I can put mine in the top box!
“You’re licensed to take a passenger on Misty?” asked Annabelle.
“Oh yes, no worries there, I have the A1 automatic motorcycle license I passed a few months ago, I can take passengers sure,” replied James.
They locked up and got Misty out of the garage. The two comrades saddled up and the scooter took them the 14 miles to the car park, one the edge of the East Downs.
They parked Misty up, and locked her  to a post.
“Hey Annabelle, do you think Misty will be alright all alone here for two days?” asked James.
“Um, it’s Misty we’re talking about, more the question is, will anyone who goes near Misty in the car park be alright?” she replied.
James laughed, he liked having Annabelle around, he was so used to doing everything alone, but for once he felt like he had a team going. 

Meanwhile, Karl had been carefully following James and Annabelle from a distance in a nondescript white van. He watched them through binoculars from about 1km away.
Karl telephoned Paul.
“They’ve parked up that stupid scooter and they’re heading out into the East Downs countryside Paul,” he said.
“Well follow them, don’t lose them, and keep the reports coming in,” said Paul. 
Karl, who was very organised when working, parked up nearby, grabbed his own camping rucksack out of the van, and stealthily began following them on foot.
James and Annabelle marched on towards the coordinates that Misty had given them. 
“24 miles is a long way to go in one day James, do you think we can do it?” asked Annabelle. 
“Let’s just go as far as we can, then make camp for the night,” he replied. 
As he walked, James looked around at his surroundings, the East Downs was a huge National Park, there were wooded areas here and there, but mostly it was grassland. He could see some wild ponies about a mile away. The late autumn had brought a chill to the air, and he was glad he had wrapped up warm. 
They had now walked for about 5 hours and were feeling tired out. Annabelle looked at James and vice versa.
“Are you thinking, what I’m thinking?” said Annabelle.
“Time to make camp for the night? Well yes I think it is, we must have done about 18 miles, so only another 6 in the morning and we will be at X marks the spot,” he replied.
They found a good spot and gently dropped their rucksacks down. After some tent pitching, they got their gas burners going and rehydrated their camping meals.
“Well it’s food anyway,” said James as he tucked into his beef and vegetable rice. Then he reached into his rucksack and pulled out pack of five donuts.
“Ahh, don’t mind if I do James,” said Annabelle as she reached for one.
The two chums sat in the entrances to their tents in contented silence, enjoying the fresh air and the view.

Not too far away, Karl stopped for the night too, he camped in a dip, so they couldn’t see him. He was tired too; he got half a dozen jars of baby food out of his bag for tea and opened an energy drink. He thought about how he’d like to be back at his flat, with its big screen TV, and posters of a young and muscular Arnold Schwarzenegger on the walls, and the weight training bench in the corner. 
“The things I do for the boss,” Karl said aloud.

James and Annabelle woke up refreshed and breakfasted on coffee and savoury biscuits. They packed up camp and started the final six miles to the coordinates Misty had given them. 
After a while, James looked up from his map and compass and pointed nearby.
“The Alien Monolith should be just over the next hill and in a dip behind the trees,” he said.
“Oh my, the day of reckoning beckons,” said Annabelle.
They walked the last few hundred metres and arrived at what they presumed was the Monolith. It was a rusty black in colour and stood about 5 metres tall, 3 metres deep and 3 metres wide or so. 
They stood open mouthed just staring at it.
“What on earth is that said Annabelle,”.
“I think it’s an Alien Monolith and I don’t think it’s from earth,” said James.
They both giggled nervously and walked round and round it, staring at it.
“It doesn’t have a door, or any writing on it,” said Annabelle.
“Typical Alien Monolith, no door!” said James.
They sat down a bit dejected, wondering how on earth they were going to get inside it.
They had a hot chocolate and a think.
“I just can’t see any way to get inside it and take a look. Unless, it’s an alien thing that uses technology we haven’t invented yet?” said James.
“What are you trying to say?” said Annabelle.
“Well, we can’t see a door to get inside it, maybe it doesn’t need a door?” said James.
“Ohhhh, I get where you’re coming from, OK, let’s test your theory,”
And with that Annabelle jumped up, and walked straight through the black wall of the Monolith and disappeared inside.
“What the? For goodness’ sake!” said James aloud.
He grabbed both their rucksacks and followed Annabelle through the wall and into the Monolith. 
James looked around, the walls and ceiling of the Monolith were grey. It was empty, except in one corner where a structure that looked like a cross between biological and electrical stood about 1.5 metres tall. 
“Annabelle, what on earth is that?” he said.
“James, I can’t see you! But I can hear you. Can you hear me?” she said.
“Yes, I’m the same, I can hear you but can’t see you! Let’s not panic about that for a minute, let’s see if we can find an inscription, and then get the hell out of here,” he said.
The two invisible to each other friends, stared at the weird structure in the corner. The biological matter in it looked like tubes of about 3 inches in diameter, they were dark red and black in colour. The tubes snaked over each other haphazardly. The electrical part of it was a mass of silver wires, meshed in with the tubes. The wires seemed to all go to something inside, but James couldn’t see what.
“I can’t see any inscription! I suppose we need more outside the box thinking here,” said James, who’d nearly had enough of lateral thinking for one day.
“Hang on James, thinking…..” said Annabelle.
There was a long silence for several minutes.
Then, James heard a phone camera snap.
“I’ve got it, I’ve got the inscription!” shouted Annabelle excitedly. 
“Huh? Really?” said James.
“Yes, now quick, jump back through the wall and out of the Monolith,” she said.
They both walked back through the strange walls of the Monolith and back into the Autumn sunlight.
“OK, let’s get a safe distance back from this creepy thing,” said James.
They put on their backpacks and retreated back about 500 metres. They sat down and James looked at Annabelle expectantly, what did the writing inside the Monolith say he wondered?
Annabelle starting talking.
“So, the reason we couldn’t read the writing with the naked eye, is that it’s a trick of the light, you can only read it via a photograph. In fact, I suspect the whole Monolith isn’t really here, at the moment,” said Annabelle.
“Not really here? Is that why we could walk through its wall?” said James confused.
She went on: “Well the writing says,” 



‘I go where I’m called
For it’s evil that draws me
I will feed on it and multiply it
And then I will destroy
But if good prevails
I will depart for evermore
Whoever reads this warning
Beware’


“Well, that’s about the scariest thing I’ve ever heard,” said James.
“Yes, it’s very scary,” said Annabelle.
“We need to think!” they both said at once.
“I guess we should head back to Bunley,” said James.
They picked up their rucksacks and began the long walk through the countryside back to Misty at the car park.

Karl, who’d been watching them go in and out of the Monolith open mouthed, watched James and Annabelle start back for Bunley. Once they were a safe distance away, he went to look at the Monolith himself. Karl took lots of photos of it from the outside, but he wasn’t going inside, he’d been called stupid in his time, but he wasn’t that stupid.
 Once he’d finished his survey of the Monolith, he also headed back to Bunley, but took a different route, so he didn’t bump into James and Annabelle. He was heading directly back to see Provisional Paul, to see if they could work out what on earth was going on, and what to do next.



Chapter 14

Grand Parties


James and Annabelle made it back to the car park by early evening where Misty was sat waiting patiently. 
They both climbed onto the motorcycle’s twin seat and Misty whisked them back to James’ flat. Before Annabelle got back into her BMW, and went home, she spoke up.
“Look James, I want you to keep me in the loop on this now, I’m in between work contracts anyway, so I’m free,” said Annabelle.
“Ah good, yes things seem to be escalating fast don’t they. I tell you what, I’m going to have a think and you have a think. Also, I’m going to call Mister Black in the morning for counsel. I will telephone you about Midday tomorrow and let’s see if we can’t work out a plan of action,” he said.
“Ok, yes, well talk to you tomorrow then,” she said as she opened the door on her car.
James waved her goodbye and ran back up to his flat. He wasn’t watching where he was going though and he literally bumped into Local Jo, knocking her shopping bags onto the floor.
“I’m really sorry Jo, my minds elsewhere, here let me help you pick it all up,” he said.
Jo smiled sympathetically; she knew James had been through a lot lately.
“It’s ok, I know you’ve had a lot going on, but see you down the pub soon, or out in the garden yeh,” she said.
“Sure, that would be nice actually, but might be in a couple of weeks,” said James.
Feeling slightly embarrassed at his blunder, James opened his flat door and sank into his favourite chair.
“Why me, why’s the drama always come to me,” he said aloud. He thought about how he’d only just gained financial security, yet it was immediately being threatened by the Monolith turning all his property into dust. He made himself a baked potato with grated cheese and butter, and put on the movie ‘Mikey and Nicky. But he was only half way through the film, before he fell fast asleep in the chair.

The next morning, and only after breakfast and two mugs of coffee, James got on the telephone to Mister Black, who answered straight away.
James explained to Mister Black, about the Alien Monolith, and the strange warning that Annabelle had decoded, and then asked him for advice.
“Yes, I’ve heard rumour of these dratted Monoliths, but never actually met one in person,” said Mister Black.
“They’re creepy looking things, but why does one arrive in Bunley of all places?” said James.
“True, it’s probably attracted by the actions of Basil Devlin and his cohorts, they feed off evil and multiply it you know. If you feed them enough, they turn a whole locality to dust, and then more Monoliths come to the area, and the whole horrible cycle continues,” said Mister Black.
“Well, that explains why people in Bunley were acting so awfully to each other, when I was out in the town centre the other day,” said James.
“Yes, I see….” said Mister Black.
The two men fell silent for a few moments.
“The thing is James, is if you can get the people of Bunley to do much good, enough good to outweigh the bad, the Monolith will disappear back to outer space,”
“But how do I do that? The people of Bunley are unresponsive, they seem bewitched,” said James.
“You know what I suggest, put on a huge charity fund raising event. Sell tickets and the profits go to charity, but make the event so alluring, so interesting, that nearly everyone in Bunley will want to go, the mass numbers donating to charity should be enough good,” said Mister Black.
“That’s a great idea, but all my money’s tied up in the properties I rent out, something this big, is going to need half a million at least, I don’t have anything like that amount floating around,” said James.
“Not an issue, the organisation is going to fund it, you just arrange it, we can’t have Bunley turning to dust, can we now,” said Mister Black.
“OK, thanks, I will start to get things organised,” said James.
“I wish you god speed and good luck James, goodbye for now,” said Mister Black.
James hung up the phone, he was feeling better, at least he had a plan now, and without a plan, well the people perish.
Next, he dialled Annabelle’s phone number. 
“Hey there, so we have an idea, can you tell me what you think?” said James.
“OK, let’s hear more?” said Annabelle.
“Well Mister Black suggests we host a big party, a charity fundraising event, we hopefully get multitudes of Bunlian’s to effectively donate to charity, therefore creating so many good acts, that the loathsome Alien Monolith, returns back to where it came from,” said James.
“That’s a great idea actually, so can it have a mobile McDonald’s?” she said.
“And Dominoes!” he said.
“And 6 free alcoholic drinks, and 6 free soft drinks!” she said.
“And the best music bands we can afford,” said James.
“And it’s a 2-day camping event!” she said.
“And a donut stall!” he said.
Annabelle laughed.
“And an evangelist!” said James
Annabelle laughed again, but louder this time.
“OK, let’s hire a location, hire the bands, hire everyone, we’re going to have to organise this thing as fast as humanly possible. As the danger to life, to our very existence is huge, unless we evacuate to another part of the country. And I was Bunley born and bred Annabelle, I’m not going anywhere. Besides, even if we evacuate, if the Monoliths multiply and bring more and more Monoliths, nowhere is going to be safe from being turned to dust,” said James.
“Good soliloquy,” said Annabelle.
“Solilo what…..? just kidding, well, thanks,” said James. 
“OK, what about a division of labour, I organise the location and hire the bands, you print tickets and hire the catering. Then we meet in two days and go on a ticket selling bonanza, and arrange the party for not next weekend, but the one after,” said Annabelle.
“Ok, that we shall do, see you in two days,” he said.
And the two friends set to work.

Meanwhile, Horrible Karl had made it out of the East Downs too, jumped back in his van, and headed back to Provisional Paul’s pub. 
It was shortly before opening time when Karl arrived.
He banged on the still locked pub door, after a couple of minutes Paul arrived and opened the door. 
Karl looked up at his boss, Paul was taller than the door top of the door frame and he made for an imposing figure stood there. 
“Hey boss, I’ve got some weird stuff to tell you mate,” said Karl.
“Get yourself inside here sharpish mate, want a drink?” and with that Paul poured him a double vodka with ice.
“Ah nice, I think I need it,” said Karl downing it. 
Karl explained to Paul about how he’d followed James and Annabelle and that they’d disappeared inside it, by walking through the Monolith’s wall. 
“You didn’t go inside it Karl, why the hell not?” said Paul angrily.
“I’m loyal to you boss, I wanna do my best for you, but I’ve got limits, the black shape there, in the East Downs, it’s terrifying, I don’t even know if its human,” said Karl.
Paul calmed down on hearing this explanation.
“Well OK mate, leave this with me, you’ve done well, take tonight and tomorrow off. I’m going to speak to Basil about all this and see what he says. Oh, and free drinks in the pub all night, as a little bonus my man,” said Paul as he slapped Karl on the back, rather too hard. 

Two days passed and James and Annabelle managed to book most of the things they wanted for the big party. Some people couldn’t make it at short notice, so some compromises had to be made. They couldn’t find a big-league evangelist who could make it in time, so instead they hired Richard to compere the event.
James bought reams and reams of card and lots of printer ink and printed out eight thousand tickets for the party. There were seven thousand and 11 residents of Bunley according the last census, but he made extra tickets just to be on the safe side.
James and Annabelle met up and for several days, they walked the streets of Bunley, selling party tickets for £10 each. Finally, they felt they had sold enough tickets to get a controlling share of the Bunley population to do something good. 
They were sat down in chairs in James’ kitchen.
“How many have we sold in total then?” said Annabelle.
James was busy crunching numbers on his phone calculator.
“Four thousand, six hundred and 86 tickets, so yes that should be enough,” he said.

However, word had got out to Provisional Paul about James and his big party and he was over at Basil Devlin’s mansion, having a meeting to discuss it all.
Basil’s mansion was up in the hills, on the outskirts of Bunley. Round the perimeter of the mansion, there was high fencing, with razor wire, and to soften that, there was next a thick layer of evergreen trees. The house itself, had 8 bedrooms, 2 kitchens, a swimming pool, snooker hall, and a jacuzzi.
There was a security hut in the grounds, cameras everywhere and a gardener, cook and a cleaner.
Paul rarely went to Basil’s place, so he was interested to see it again.
They sat down in Basil’s office, not across a desk, but on cream leather sofas.
A servant in uniform knocked on the door and brought them in coffees, with a mint on each saucer. 
“So, Paul, what’s your man found out about James?” enquired Basil.
“Well, he went out on camping hike, with a female a few days ago. They walked out quite a few miles into the countryside. According to Karl, they found this weird black building and went inside, I mean just walked through the wall. Here’s the video of it, Basil, take a look,” said Paul.
Basil sat in silence as he watched the video, he watched it again, and then a third time. He thought he had an idea what it was, but he wasn’t totally sure, so he pressed Paul for more information.
“Anything else I should know about, what did James do after he came back from visiting this strange black building, out at the East Downs?” said Basil.
“He’s throwing a big party, with heavily subsidised tickets, have a look at one,” said Paul.
Basil sat in silence, as he read the party ticket, front and back. 
“My word Paul, now that is a lot of party for £10. What’s the chubby, pale faced, do-gooder up to this time I wonder?” said Basil.
“I wish I knew, but I don’t like it, he seems to want a lot of people at this party, for some reason. I can’t imagine him organising such a big party without an ulterior motive, he’s too sneaky for that. He wouldn’t bother going to such lengths, he’d be out trying to bathe in the glory of solving another problem, wouldn’t he Basil,”
Basil laughed, heartily, he enjoyed a good running James down session. 
“I don’t fully understand this black shape and it’s significance Paul, but my instincts are, whatever James is planning, we do the opposite, on the same weekend,” said Basil.
This time it was Paul’s turn to laugh.
“We’re throwing a party too then Basil?” he said.
“We most certainly are Paul, and I want our party to be more attractive to the Bunlian’s, than James’ party. We will have bikers, death metal music, free alcohol, free camping, free burgers and sausages. I will get my ladies to promote it all and hand out free tickets,” said Basil.
“Nice one,” said Paul.
“Now, wherever James is hosting the party, we book ours as close as we can. You have some money left still from the surveillance, yes?” he said.
“Yeh, about 195k, I’ve only had to pay Karl to spy on him,” said Paul.
“Great, well I will throw you 200k more, and let’s organise it asap,” said Basil.
And so, the battle of two parties was launched.

When the weekend of the parties came, they both were a big hit. Basil’s had death metal music, high quality BBQ food, bikers jumping through hoops on fire etc. 
Paul had also found a two headed man, a man with no legs, a real dwarf and a bearded lady, he’d put them in cages for the duration of the party for visitors to gawp at.
 Basil’s party was littered with rubbish too, people were arguing and fighting during it. There was sick everywhere in between the tents.
However, at James’ party, people were much nicer to each other. Richard compered the party, doing his usual theatrical thing, all dressed in neon pink this time. For some reason, the event seemed to quench the wrath of the Bunlian’s and they started to be nice to each other there. The townspeople enjoyed the good music, the 6 free drinks, free McDonalds and Dominos pizzas etc. They danced and partied on both nights, new friendships were made and old ones repaired.
 In the run up to their party, they had worked hard arranging things. But once the party started, James and Annabelle had a really good time. But always at the back of their minds, was the fear that it would be their last party. Had they done enough? created enough positivity to send the Alien Monolith packing.
It was really difficult to determine if they had won or not, as during the party weekend, lots of Bunlians, who’d bought tickets for James’ party, also went in and out of Basil’s party nearby. 
James and Annabelle were sat down in a marquee at the end of their party.
“We did our best, anyway. I don’t really know what’s going to happen now. We are either shortly going to turn into dust, when the Monolith levels the whole locality. Or the accursed thing will fly out to outer space,” he said.
“Oh James, don’t say we’re going to be turned into dust. It’s too horrible,” said Annabelle.
“It’s not exactly a classic Hollywood era musical is it,” said James.
Annabelle giggled.
“Hey, I’ve got an idea, the crew we hired, they’re going to pack this event away right, it’s not our job. How about tomorrow morning, we head back out to that Alien Monolith, and watch it to see if it goes. And if the worst happens James, at least we will have spent our last few days, somewhere nice, out in the beautiful East Downs,” said Annabelle. 
The next morning arrived, and James and Annabelle met up at his flat. This time, they packed a week’s food and water for the trip out to the East Downs. They had extra cakes and sweet treats too, just in case it really was the end of the world for them. 
James had a bottle of whisky and Annabelle had a bottle of gin in her backpack. They had steak and new potatoes packed in ice, to keep it all fresh.
Misty obligingly, ferried them out to the car park on the edge of the East Downs again.
They parked up and as they were about to head out into the country, Misty flashed some morse code at them.
“What’s Misty trying to tell us?” asked Annabelle.
“It’s morse code, she’s either trying to tell us everything’s going to be fine, or saying goodbye, I can’t decipher it unless I write it down and work it all out. And I just don’t have the stomach for that,” said James.
Annabelle looked at James kindly.
They both patted Misty goodbye and walked out onto the East Downs. After a lunch break and then a few hours more, they arrived at the site of the Alien Monolith.
They made camp where they could see the Monolith, but about a kilometre back from it.
“Well, the Monoliths still there, I’m not sure if that’s a good thing or bad thing,” said Annabelle.
“I don’t know either,” was all James said.
But he tried to be nice and positive, he cooked the meal of steak, new potatoes and vegetables for them.
They tucked into the meal, over several glasses of gin and whisky each.
“Isn’t it beautiful though,” said Annabelle pointing to the sun, low in the sky, against the backdrop of the rolling hills.
“It truly is yes,” said James.
They talked late that night, about religion and politics, and where they hoped to go if things turned bad. I don’t think either of them wanted to go to sleep. But eventually, they were both tired out and they fell fast asleep.
They slept a little late in the morning, for waking up outside.
“Do you want a coffee, Annabelle?” said James, who was boiling some water on his gas stove.
Annabelle stood up, bleary eyed. She looked over to check the status of the Monolith.
“James, the Monoliths gone, it must have worked!! The party must have worked,” said Annabelle.
James who hadn’t dared to look over there, now did, and was overjoyed to see the Monolith gone.
“Oh my goodness, I can’t believe it’s gone, we did it, we did it!” said James who was now literally jumping up and down for joy.
And they really had done it, for the Alien Monolith had left, and returned to outer space. 


Chapter 15

A Hateful Plan


Provisional Paul was at his scrap yard, overseeing some car crushing, when he got a phone call on his mobile. He stepped away from his workers to get some privacy, as it was Basil himself.
“Hello Paul, what’s happened about this mysterious black shape out on the East Downs?” said Basil.
“Karl reports to me that it’s not there anymore Basil,” said Paul.
“I see,” was all Basil said, there was then a pause for several seconds.
“Right Paul, I’ve made a decision, I’d like to request the pleasure of your company at my house, at your earliest convenience. But after 6pm tonight if you don’t mind, as I have parliamentary business to take care of before then,” said Basil.
“Er, ok then Basil, well I will make it 7pm, to give you time to get back,” said Paul.
“Splendid, see you then,” said Basil.
Paul went into the portacabin and sat in his Executive leather chair, he wasn’t one for day time drinking, but he was stressed and poured himself a brandy. What did Basil want? He was being super nice and polite, and that was usually when he wanted something bad done. He looked at the Ferrari clock on the wall, 4.38pm, it wouldn’t be long until he found out.
Paul travelled over to Basil’s in his Mercedes,  he arrived for quarter to seven.
He knocked on the door, a burly fellow, one of Basil’s security detail, answered the door and let him inside. But as soon as he got over the threshold, the big guard ushered him into a side room.
“This way please,”.
“Uhuh,” said Paul and he followed the direction.
The guard put him through a metal detector and patted him down carefully.
‘Oh God, thought Paul to himself, this must be serious, I think I know what’s coming’.
“Basil will see you shortly in the snooker hall,” said the guard.
The guard steered Paul into the snooker hall and showed him a seat. He sat down and got comfortable.
It wasn’t looking before Basil waddled in, he was in a blue chequered suit, he didn’t have the usual multi coloured bow tie on, that flashed when he laughed. Instead, he had a black bow tie on. 
“Ah Paul, glad to see you’ve found a seat, I have one of my people bringing us a club sandwich. I’m having beef, chicken, turkey, american cheese and burger relish in mine. I trust I haven’t done you a disservice by ordering you the same. They’re bringing us a French beer each too,” said Basil.
“All sounds very decent Basil,” said Paul.
The uniformed female servant arrived with the club sandwiches and beers. Basil thanked her and asked her to shut the door on her way out.
The two criminals enjoyed their fully loaded club sandwiches. Paul watched Basil as he stuffed mayonnaise laden crisps into his mouth, there were flecks of food at the corners of Basil’s mouth, it looked disgusting. But he pretended not to notice.
Thankfully, Basil wiped his mouth with a serviette.
“Now to business, said Basil,”
“Indeed?” said Paul.
Basil looked round the snooker hall, to see if all the doors and windows were shut.
“Yes, now young James, I’ve had enough of him. I want him to disappear, fix it for me Paul. Financially this will be of great benefit to you. And I know how much you dote on your lovely wife Katrina and the adorable 2 children you have,” said Basil.
“Disappear you say Basil, can you be a bit clearer?” enquired Paul.
“Yes, by all means, I want James erased, taken care of, permanently removed from circulation. For legal reasons I can’t make it any clearer than that Paul. But I trust we have an understanding here?” said Basil.
“I see,” said Paul.
Basil Devlin continued.
“Moreover, that stupid Mister Black and his ridiculous ‘organisation’ in the country. I want Happy House to experience a very serious fire. I have intelligence to say that James has stashed all the incriminating CCTV video he has of us, in a safe, in an inner room at Happy House, room 107 to be exact Paul. I want all that CCTV confirmed destroyed, before you light the fire. So, you will need to find room 107, break into the safe and destroy all the CCTV first, before you start the main fire,” said Basil.
“I see,” said Paul who was now feeling he was getting out of his depth, even for him.
“Now Paul, I have intelligence to say that James will be visiting Happy House next Friday for a long weekend, so that’s when I want this operation to be executed. Make it late, so they’re all asleep.”.
“Yeh, for sure, I always do this stuff late Basil, rest assured,” said Paul, who’d somewhat recovered his composure.
“I shall be about, I will deal with Mister Black on Friday, but I want you to take out James and the Happy House security team, then get the CCTV, then start the fire. The operation will be outside work hours of course, so all the day time workers, won’t be on site,” said Basil.
“It’s good Basil, we can do it yeh, Karl will be on board of course,” said Paul.
“Gooooddd, well I won’t keep you, I will ring for my man to show you out,” said Basil as he pressed a silent button on the side of his chair.
“Ok, yes see you soon Basil,” said Paul.
Just as Paul was walking out of the snooker hall door, Basil snapped at him.
“And when I say erased Paul, I do mean erased,” he said.
Paul looked back over his shoulder and nodded in agreement. He thought the pupils of Basil’s eyes had changed into a vertical shape, and that Basil had swelled up even bigger, but he wasn’t sure. Maybe he was just tired.
Paul got back into his Mercedes and drove home, feeling concerned but determined. 

Provisional Paul had arranged a meet up in his kitchen for midday. Karl had been sent out in his van to get Gary. The trio were sat round Paul’s kitchen table, above the pub.
“Hey Paul, Karl came round to my workshop and said you wanted to see me urgently, so I locked up and hopped in his van, what’s up then?” said Gary nervously.
“It’s ok Gary my man, take a seat, you too Karl, we have some business to discuss,” said Paul.
Paul got up and shut the kitchen door.
“Hushed tones please gentleman, Katrina’s only in the lounge,” he said.
“Right you are Boss,” said Karl.
“I’ll get straight to it, Basil summoned me round, basically he wants Happy House broken into, a load of CCTV in a safe destroyed, then he wants the place burned to the ground,” said Paul.
“That’s doable, not a problem,” said Karl.
Gary just looked anxious.
“Oh, and one more thing, Basil wants James topped,” said Paul.
“What on earth? I’m not topping anyone. I’ve got a bad temper and I’m never claimed to be the nicest guy in the world, but I draw the line at topping people Paul,” said Gary now getting brave under duress.
“No one asked you to top anyone Gary, calm down, you’re here for another reason. To get us into the safe and be our driver,” said Paul.
Karl cleared his throat.
“Thing is boss, I don’t mind doing some nasty jobs, but it’s not so many years since I got out of prison,” and Karl pointed to the two teardrop tattoos near his eye.
Karl continued:
“I really don’t want to go back to prison for a long stretch, I’ve got a lady abroad as you now. I would miss her too much. Can’t you top him Paul?” said Karl.
Paul knew that Karl was very loyal to him and that pressuring him further wasn’t going to work in this case.
He spoke up.
“Guys, I’m a criminal, I’ll make no bones about that, I do illegal stuff, horrible things, but I’m not a murderer. You know those stories about me once killing a man by injecting him with air, I made them up to terrify the locals into submission,” said Paul.
“I see,” said Karl and Gary at once, both suddenly seeing their boss in a gentler light.
Paul continued.
“However, outright murdering’s off the table for me, but maiming, now that’s another story. We won’t top him, we will just permanently disable James, not just break his legs, but mangle them up so much, that they won’t ever work again, you with me guys?” said Paul.
“Yeh, I get it boss,” said Karl suddenly feeling afraid of Paul again.
“Er yeh I see Paul,” said Gary with a polite tone.
Paul unrolled a blueprint of Happy House onto the kitchen table and started pointing at it and giving instructions.
“Karl, I want you to get hold of a dark van that we can use for the operation. Get us all balaclavas, sort us out two-way radios, charged with spare batteries. And we need weapons, I want batons, the ones with short spikes embedded in the end yeh,” said Paul.
“Right ho Paul,” said Karl who was starting to rub his hands with glee at the sound of this job, he loved violence.
“Gary, we’re going to need your oxy acetylene cutter from your workshop, I want plenty of gas in the tanks, I want it tested before you arrive, it comes on wheels, yes?” said Paul.
“Er, I see Paul yes it does, OK,” said Gary, who didn’t really want to get involved in all this, but felt that saying yes was the easiest option.
“I will bring crow bars and large cable ties,” said Karl.
“Good thinking,” said Paul.
Paul beckoned to the other two men, to lean in closer to the map, and he outlined the rest of the plan, they nodded in agreement.
“I like it Paul,” said Karl.
“Yeh, right on,” said Gary.
Paul was pleased, he didn’t show it, but it mattered to him that his underlings liked his plans. 
“As for pay for this job, it’s a little risky, so Basils going to pay you two 100 grand each for your trouble,” said Paul.
Karl and Gary’s eyes widened on hearing this.
“As for alibis, the three of us are going to be each other’s alibi, we’re all leaving for a fishing trip Friday yeh. So, we meet up here again Friday at 3pm, we drive into the countryside, set up a fishing campsite. Then at midnight, we leave the campsite and head over in the van to Happy House and everything goes down,” said Paul.
The other two men nodded in silent agreement.



Chapter 16

Final Violation

Basil Devlin’s intelligence had indeed been correct, James was planning to spend the next weekend at Happy House. 
Mister Black had invited James over, and a plus one, to spend the weekend celebrating the disappearance of the Alien Monolith.
James, who had invited Annabelle to come with him, was just checking the tyre pressures and engine oil levels on Misty, ready for the two of them to ride the 80 miles to Happy House.
Annabelle pulled up in her BMW.
“Hi, so glad you could come with me for the weekend. I think Mister Black wants to meet you too Annabelle, and thank you personally for everything you’ve done,” said James.
“Actually, I’d really like to meet him, and it will be nice to go for a long ride with Misty too,” said Annabelle.
Misty beeped her horn three times, as if replying to her.
She laughed; she knew it wasn’t James who beeped the horn. But this stuff was so frequent now, she didn’t even pass comment.
They loaded up their rucksacks and both saddled up onto Misty. James locked the garage door and they started the journey to Happy House.
They cruised about 45mph along the way, Misty could go faster yes, but 45 felt like a nice, comfortable cruising speed.
Eventually, they arrived at the large woods, that contained Happy House and they navigated down the long dirt track to their destination.
They parked Misty up and rang the doorbell.
James was expecting Jensen to answer, but it was a smiling Mister Black who did.
“James! And the enchanting Annabelle, delighted to meet you at last. We have some wonderful food arranged for the weekend, and I think we will be playing some party games too. But alas, I’m ahead of myself. You two must be tired after the journey. Jensen will show you to your rooms, and I will see you at 1pm for lunch,” said Mister Black.
James and Annabelle followed Jensen to their respective rooms, where they both had a wash and brush up, ready for lunch.

A little later that same day, Karl drove his van round to the Grieving Monkey and picked up Paul and his equipment. They drove round to Gary’s and he hopped in, with his own black bag.
The three of them drove to a secluded location, where Karl parked up his own van. Then the three of them got into the bigger, dark van that Karl had procured for them.
They drove another 40 minutes to the location they’d arranged for their fishing trip alibi. They arrived and carefully unloaded their fishing equipment and pitched the tents.
 Paul built a fire.
Karl looked over at a big portable stereo system that Gary was bringing over.
“What’s that for Gary?” he said.
“Well, all talk loudly when I say the word for ten minutes. You know, like you’re having a really good time, a few jokes and loud laughter. Then when we head out to Happy House for the job, I’m going to leave the recording running to scare anyone off who comes sniffing around our campsite. That way it’s less likely anyone can dispute our alibi,” said Gary.
“Nice work mate,” said Paul approvingly.
Once camp was properly set up, they sat around, listening to music and reading, waiting till midnight, when it was time to drive to Happy House and deal with James, once and for all. 

Meanwhile, James, Annabelle and Mister Black had spent a pleasant day together. They’d had two brilliant meals, at lunchtime and at dinner. 
Mister Black had congratulated them on successfully stopping Basil Devlin and Paul’s attempts to spiritually and financially exploit the citizens of Bunley.
 The next day, they planned to discuss the way forward, with ideas mooted about getting the police to bring criminal charges against Basil and co. 
At about 10.30pm, James made his excuses and said goodnight to the other two. He wanted to go to the pool and have a swim. As he meandered up and down the pool swimming lengths, he hoped that things had settled down at last. He wanted a better period for Bunley, an era of social justice, a time when he didn’t have to constantly fight, to hold back the forces of darkness. 
Physically, James was fine, but deep down inside, he was tired of constant battles. Always watching his back. He retired to bed shortly after and soon fell asleep.

James woke up with a start, and screamed in agony. A man in a balaclava, had just slammed a spiked wooden baton into his midriff.
“What the hell, what are you doing Karl,” said James, who’d worked out who it was.
“My name ain’t Karl,” said Karl.
“You’ve seriously injured me, what the hell?” shouted James.
“Shut it,” said Karl, as he tied James’ wrists together with cable ties, way too tight.
Karl pulled James out of bed and roughly shoved him out of the room. 
As James got into the corridor between the bedrooms, he saw Mister Black and Annabelle emerge out of their bedrooms, with two other figures, one taller, one shorter, handling them.
“Paul and Difficult Gary?” said James.
“Shut it,” said Paul.
“Yeh, shut it,” said Gary.
“Gary, I thought you were my mate,” said James.
And with that last remark, Karl rained a new blow down onto James’ arm. 
“Oughh,” shouted James, gasping out in pain.
“Get them in the cow shed as planned,” said Paul to his team.
Paul, Karl and Gary, moved James and co out to the cow shed. They then chained them up with thick chains, to the cow stalls inside.
“Keep an eye on them for five minutes, I’ll be back,” barked Paul to the others.
“Righto Boss,” said Karl.
After about ten minutes, Paul returned with Jensen, tied up in cable ties. They chained Jensen up too.
Paul had developed a black eye in the fight to subdue Jensen, but he didn’t tell the others. And they couldn’t see it underneath his balaclava anyway.
“Right, this lot are secured, we’ll do James legs in on the way back out. To the van for the gas axe, then into the safe in room 107,” said Paul.
Karl and Gary obediently followed Paul out to the dark van, to follow through on the next stages of the operation. They got the cutting torch out of the van and started the walk through the maze of corridors to get to the safe. It was slow going, as the gas bottles were heavy as they’d had to bring a lot of gas, as they didn’t know how thick the safe was.

James, Annabelle, Jensen, Mister Black, all tied up in the chains, and locked inside the cow shed, looked at one another in shock.
“I think we’re in somewhat of a pickle,” said Mister Black.
“James, your bleeding, you will bleed to death if you’re not careful.” said Annabelle.
And this was indeed a great concern, as everyone had their hands tied up, so they couldn’t put a bandage onto James’ midriff to arrest the bleeding.
The four of them sat in the darkness and damp of the cow shed for several more minutes.
Just then, James heard an engine, and a huge bang against the cow shed doors.
Then a silence for another few seconds, then the engine and bang again, and then the same a third time.
After the third attempt, Misty bust through the cowshed doors and arrived inside. They could now see what was going on from Misty’s headlight.
“Misty! shouted Annabelle, thank goodness,”.
Next, Misty manoeuvred herself deftly into position and kept wheelieing herself up and then slamming down onto the padlocks, that held their chains. Again and again, Misty did this and after a couple of minutes, all the locks broke and James, Annabelle, Jensen and Mister Black were freed.
Misty had succeeded in freeing them, but she was lying on the floor of the cow shed  badly injured.
The first thing Annabelle did was tear her shirt and wrap a bandage around James’ midriff, which stopped the bleeding. 
James looked around his surroundings, Karl had dropped a pack of large cable ties on the floor. He grabbed the cables ties and stuffed them inside his pyjamas.
“Let’s get after them,” shouted Jensen.
“Yes, here, take a cattle prod each,” said Mister Black, as he threw a prod each to the other three and kept one for himself. 
They all headed into Happy House, to try and stop Paul and co.
Except Mister Black who didn’t follow, he sensed he needed to stay outside, to wait for someone who was coming soon.

Just as James and co ran into Happy House, Basil Devlin pulled up in his Bentley and got out. Mister Black watched him with his piercing hawk like eyes, poised ready.
Basil had decided not to leave things to chances, there had been too many mistakes from Paul and co, he was going to destroy Happy House himself using evil magic.
Mister Black watched and listened as Basil chanted. Basil was waving what looked like a wand around and he was reciting hateful words, that shouldn’t be written down here.
When Basil had finished chanting, a strong wind arrived, then within a few seconds the wind escalated to hurricane force. Then it changed into a tornado. The tornado ripped through the outbuildings, destroying some of them.
 Bricks, timber and roof tiles, were swept up and were circulating in the tornado, making it even more dangerous and violent. 
Mister Black carefully watched all this in the outside lights of Happy House. 
Then, Mister Black moved his hands into a prayerful, meditative position. 
Mister Black, who was an Angel, called out silently to a power, much truer and greater than himself.
After a few moments, a different, hugely powerful wind, smashed into the tornado. The tornado began to reverse, the bricks and debris started to fly away from Happy House harmlessly.
 Basil Devlin’s tornado gathered up Basil and threw him into the air.
Mister Black watched as the demonic figure of Basil started spinning faster and faster inside the tornado.
Basil got higher and higher, and smaller and smaller, till he looked like a balloon flying off into the sky.
Mister Black thought he heard Basil shout for help, but he wasn’t sure.
“Well thanks, that takes care of that Bael,” said Mister Black aloud, and with that he dusted himself off and felt that he better head in and help the others. 

Meanwhile, Paul, Karl and Gary and were deep inside Happy House, kicking open doors and looking for room 107. Karl kept spilling out splashes of petrol into the rooms as they went.
“Karl, you’re meant to douse everything with petrol on your way out, so the fires behind you mate,” said Paul.
“Oh yeh,” said Karl.
They wheeled the cutting torch equipment nearer and nearer to room 107.
At the same time, James and co were running through the corridors of the house on a different route, to try and cut them off.
As they ran, Jensen got on his mobile phone and dialled 999.
“Hello, which service do you require?” said the operator.
“All three, we’re being attacked, we have an injured man, and I smell petrol. I think there’s going to be arson, and they have weapons,” said Jensen.
“Police firearms units, Ambulance crew and the Fire service are being dispatched to your location, have a good day,” said the 999 operator.
James and Annabelle followed Jensen’s directions and managed to get in front of Paul and co, near to room 107. They climbed up on some window sills and went completely silent. They could hear Paul and his men talking, around the next corner, about 100 metres away.
As Paul, Karl and Gary got closer, they got out their cattle prods ready to stun them with electricity.
“Don’t jump until I say,” said James.
And just as Paul and co drew level with them in the corridor. They jumped down and shocked them with the cattle prods, for so long, that Karl passed out.
 James and Annabelle quickly tied Paul, Gary and Karl up with cable ties.
However, Jensen, just kept kicking them and shouting abuse at them. James had to pull him back. 
They now had the three criminals as prisoners, tied up.
The three heroes breathed a sigh of relief.

Just then, James heard a shout.
“Armed police, put down your weapons, now! Hands up!” shouted an officer.
James, Annabelle and Jensen, immediately raised their hands in the air as a precautionary measure, they weren’t about to be mistakenly shot in the fog of war.
The armed police officers moved forward.
James explained the whole situation to the Sergeant. Who listened and nodded understandingly.
“Sounds like you four are a brave lot,” said Sergeant Stanley, including Mister Black in that, who’d now caught up with them.
“Brave, or stupid, one of the other,” said James laughing.
Another police officer looked at James’ midriff, wrapped up in blood-stained bandage.
“You need to get in an Ambulance,” he said to James.
“Yes, doubtless I do, but I’m going to check on Misty first and go later this evening to Accident and Emergency,” said James.

They all walked out of the building. The police had now put metal handcuffs on Paul, Karl and Gary.
James and co watched as the police put Paul and his gang into the back of the prison van. 
Paul, Karl and Gary, all sat inside the police van, silently cursing different people. Paul cursed the day he ever met Basil Devlin. Karl was regretting the day he ever met Provisional Paul. And Gary was wishing he’d could have learnt to say no, that he’d just stayed inside his motorcycle shop and not got involved.
“How long do you think they’ll get inside?” asked Annabelle to the Sergeant.
“Well, so there’s breaking and entering, malicious wounding, kidnap, attempted arson, they will be lucky to see the light of day before ten years have elapsed young lady,” said Sergeant Stanley.
“Nice one,” said James, overhearing.
They all watched as the police van drove the three criminals away.
“Thank God for that,” said a relieved Mister Black.
“We won people, we did it,” said James.
“Yes, we did,” agreed the others.
“Well, I don’t know about you, but I’m going inside for a strong whisky,” said Mister Black.
“I think I will join you Sir,” said Jensen.
“We will be join you in a few minutes, we are just going to check on Misty,” said James.
They wondered over to the cow shed to check on her. 
Poor Misty was lying there, a mangled, broken mess after using herself as a battering ram to break down the barn doors and break the chains. 
Tears came into James’ eyes as he surveyed the battered ruins that were once Misty.
“Misty’s dead Annabelle, that’s it,” he said.
Annabelle’s eyes glanced over what was left of Misty.
“We can repair Misty, James. She will be back,” she said.
“Thank goodness, I’d hate to see her gone forever, after all we’ve been through,” said James.
Now realising that Misty could be repaired, James felt much better. And most importantly, Basil and Paul were now defeated.
Exhausted, but exhilarated at their success, James and Annabelle walked out into the moonlit grounds of Happy House and found a wooden bench. 
They sat down together. 
“We’ve finally done it, we’ve bought peace to Bunley, it’s over,” said James.
“I always knew we’d do it,” said Annabelle.
There was a contented silence. 
After a minute or two, she took her hand and gently took his hand.  
James looked down at Annabelle’s hand holding his.
“How about the idea we could go on a date sometime?” he enquired.
“I think we’re already on a date,” said Annabelle.
“Yes, I think we are,” said James.


The End





