THE DREAM WITHIN
MOHSEN EXPEREX

                                            COPYRIGHT@MOHSEN EXPEREX
"Mohsen Haji Roozbehani" an Iranian author, known as Mohesn Experex was born in Tehran on March 25, 1993. Mohsen EXperex began storytelling at the age of 13, but he never published his stories. He wrote about 3000 pages between 2015 to 2016. In 2018, he decided to publish his first story "The dream within", which he grew in mind at the age of 13.
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, scanning, or otherwise without written permission from the publisher. It is illegal to copy this book, post it to a website, or distribute it by any other means without permission
This novel is entirely a work of fiction. The names, characters and incidents portrayed in it are the work of the author’s imagination. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead is entirely coincidental
Some of the real events have been recorded in history.
Translator: DR PEGAH SAEEDI VAFA
Line editor: DR MAJID MOKHTARI
COVER EDITOR: RAHA.DIGITAL.ART

Table of Contents
About the Author
preface
 A Flute to the Color of Life
The Song of Fire
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
            Chapter 3
                Chapter 4
                   Chapter 5
    The Dream within
      Chapter 1
        Chapter 2
                Chapter 3
                       Chapter 4
                               Chapter 5












Preface:
It’s not abstruse to realize the truth of what’s inside us.  Someone writes a book called The Secret of Law, one constantly keeps telling ‘how to become a billionaire’, and another one talks about ‘ability’ all the time, but have you ever thought that how they’ve come to such a conclusion?
     Has this saying ever involved your mind that once you tell yourself ‘you can’t’, others should remind you about 24 times that ‘you can’ to eliminate its effect?
     In fact all of us have complex minds that aren’t only designed to solve the equations and daily tasks. We can get to know our hidden powers through a simple search on the internet. Even those who managed to achieve their inside powers are afraid to reveal it, because our world is a simple world with simple minds.










A flute to the color of life

SASA
Five hundred years BC
What's going on in my land?! I walked into a world where autumn is its picturesque season, and the last song of birds comes to my ear. The only thing left from my mother is a flute. If once I quit fluting in the midst of the nature with its elegant colors, I’ll become crazy. What’s the magic of this flute that has enslaved me?
     As I was playing the flute, the sky darkened. The leaves of the trees were shaking. My hair was willing to fly, however, I continued to play. The villagers’ cry is coming to ear, but I was still playing. My eyes were closed and filled in tears. I felt a halo of light by my side, it looked as though it was a peace that had hindered the villagers’ scream; those who always harassed me aggressively. They were abusing the absence of someone who takes care of me. Their sons assumed that they could possess me, but I confronted them.
     Something had died inside me, something by the name of love. Whenever I was heavy-hearted, I’d pick my flute, lean on a tree trunk and begin fluting to calm down. Still, the light got intense more than before, it turned into yellow and red and scared me. However, I didn’t open my eyes. The yells of men and women in the village were heard, those who treated me cruelly. 
Maybe it was a dream_____
 Maybe a wish_______
I’ve never wished death for those who were vicious with me, but who could understand me? It doesn’t matter if nobody could observe my inner beauty, because observing others’ appearance is facile.
     I vividly remember my childhood, I was brought up by a decrepit old woman who was kind and had pity on me all the time, though everybody made fun of us. I used to work on my own on the farm, although we had difficulty in selling our goods.  Once that woman didn’t wake up anymore, the old woman lost her life because of insisting on keeping me and neglecting the words and behavior of her acquaintances.
     She became so lonely that no one visited her no more; this loneliness killed her. Don’t know if loneliness kills or strengthens people? After the old woman’s death, my relatives were no longer behaving as usual. They were trying to seize me. Men and boys were looking for an opportunity to find me alone, and_____
     Women weren’t delighted with me on the other hand; they considered me as a tool tempting their husbands and sons. But is such a beauty my fault? If the men don’t control themselves, I will be no longer tolerant of such a land. They judged everyone, while they were their own judge unintentionally.
     I’d lock doors during days, and go to the farm secretly in the evening. The sunset was the most appealing moment for me, I felt as if I was living just in this short time. I’d fetch my flute, and climb the mountain without hesitation. I’d only reach tranquility with the music coming out of my breath; a type of self-made peace as long as death rescues me from this misery.
I never relinquished my flute, the only temple of my tranquility was a tree trunk, where I leaned on to flute. But today, my song smelled anger, as if I’d been waiting for this moment for years. I never noticed how I reached the flute, only knew that my mother put it in my clothes and deserted me. It didn’t matter how these incidents happened, because the tranquility coming out of playing the flute was such enjoyable for me, that I no longer noticed anything else.
 All my memories passed inside my head with the screams of the villagers________
     My shut eyes saw something in matte color which wasn’t like the previous days; it was the color of fire. But if I opened my eyes, would this color fade away? Or the groans stop? Were my eyes watching the people’s nature?! Or was it only an illusion?
     I felt someone sitting beside me, noticed his hands on my shoulders. If anyone wanted to possess me, he wouldn’t put his hands on my shoulders. I felt his long hair on the right corner of my face. He had leaned against my shoulder.  Why I couldn’t open my eyes to identify him?  I could neither stop playing ____
All I did was playing….
    ‘ I've been looking for this sound for years, I don’t know what brought me here, but I'm sure while I was a child my mother would flute for me just in the same way.’ a manly voice said grudgingly.
     I didn’t have the ability to stop fluting; I was playing heartily. I felt as if someone was weeping tears by my side.
     ‘But from a night on, there was no sound dropping me off to sleep. Instead, my mother narrated your story. The tale was the birth of a girl with bewitching green eyes whose reputation had spread all around the surrounding empires. On the very same days, the Eastern Empire came to visit that girl, proposing her to marry his 5-year-old son. But my mother said ‘Everyone has the right to decide on his future____’                                
      The king of the East got frustrated and gave the queen a respite to change her   decision, but my mother took the girl out of the palace secretly.
      She passed through the forests and roads alone in disguise, and hid the baby in a country which belonged to the king of the east. She put the flute beside the baby and said ‘there will be a time when the king of my country will be powerful enough to set everywhere into fire to hear this flute again,’ 
  ‘I want to confirm that compulsory love is never attainable.’ she gave the baby to a woman who unlike her ugly face, had a beautiful inside.
     I was interrupted unconsciously. I opened my eyes; saw everywhere in the dark. I didn’t realize when my eyes filled with tears. The image in front of me got brighter at the moment, and now I could observe clearly what I was feeling just a few minutes ago. The village where I lived, was burning in the fire. I turned my face slowly and looked at my brother's black eyes. He’d held my face in his both hands and burst into crying.
      I don’t know why there is nothing sweeter than laughing at tears; what we both did. He took the flute and said ‘our mother’s will was to find a flute, the green flute which means a new life____’
     I stood up, wanted to say something, however, I didn’t have enough energy. Without telling a word, we came down the green northern foothills of the village. The fire was flaming out. In the middle of the night, black smoke, which had covered all of the sky, prevented radiation from the bright rays of the moon. It seemed that even the bright light of the moon didn’t want to beam at the dark hearts of these people. The troops had coerced the villagers into kneeling down, they tied their hands and feet on a corner. Women and children were gathered to watch the final command of the troop’s commander. 
My brother moved a step ahead and told one of his men ‘You gathered everyone?’
 The soldier replied ‘Yes, sir, except the ones who resisted and were sentenced to death___’
      Coming toward me, my brother nodded his head___He looked at the men of the village in a meaningful way and rubbed his chin. He noticed the villagers' wondering that how a girl who they used to tease before, is standing by the commander of the troops now. Some of them still assumed that I was captured by him. My brother took my hand and said, ‘You’ve lived with these people for a long time, now their destiny is in your hands __’
       I passed by my brother and looked aggressively at the villagers kneeling down on one side. On the other side I took a look at their children and wives and stared at their eyes, filled with begging tears. What should I do?  Shall I forgive them?
       I used to carry the flute everywhere, unlike usual I had hidden it in my brother’s outfit.  Because now I was quieted next to someone else. I looked at my brother and smiled, then turned to the villagers saying, ‘I’ll forgive the one who could guess the color of my flute.’
     What else makes forgiveness that easy?  Amidst the crowd, there should be at least someone who has cared about what I was holding and playing with love. Everyone looked at one another, a few minutes passed_____
 I repeated my question. Disappointedly, no one responded. I lowered my head and gazed at the floor____ why no one has noticed my love and passion over these years?  While my tears were dropping on the floor, I took the flute from my brother.
My brother’s men put their arrows on the bows simultaneously and burnt their sharp beaks______
     I began to play the flute, the one which was to the color of life and love; the same as my eyes’ color, and now it was determining the death of these people. Having noticed their mistakes, the villagers were crying, whereas they were no longer screaming or begging. The arrows which were settled in the bows’ string, were pulled back and released after a moment. Another fire was set up, while my flute was playing the sound of death this time.
     I was  whispering, ‘ whoever envies my appearance and body should be condemned to death, only the one who’s noticed my love (the only thing I devoted all my life to ), can be survived.
     And so all the villagers were killed in the wrath of my brother’s army______
I swore, ‘if I die and come alive for a thousand times, I’ll be knocking off the people having the same ugly nature as the villagers’, and undoubtedly I’ll immerse them in the fire.’
  
To be continued_______


The Song Of Fire

SAMA
Italy, June 10, 2017
Chapter 1
In the extremity of solitude what should I think of? Thinking of that no one is in love with me? Or seeking for its reason? It was time to wise up, I should have thought less of having a beloved; since I no longer believed in the real love. My mom had passed away ages ago and now I could hardly remember her. There have been a lot of nights and days since then, and now my profession is coloring and treating nails.
     I was really keen on coloring nails, I supposed it was the most beautiful talent I had.  God has provided us with such talents that if we discover them, we can change the world.  The talents, emotions and genius exist in the right hemisphere of our brain, and just this part of my body worked well.
     But why I was the only one who can understand the beauty of painting as it is? Whereas the rest of customers pay attention to it apparently, and if their acquaintances reproach their nail color, they will no longer visit me.
     This isn’t the end however, I’ve just turned 17 this year, and yet I possess nothing but a few cosmetics and nail polishes. I never asked myself why I live in such an aggressive world where nobody cares about me. The beauty of the colorful nail polishes which I painted the girls’ fingernails with every day, made me pleased and lively as though I was just born. At the time of my childhood, my mother left me the manicuring stuff. Combining the beautiful nail colors, made them seem richer.
     The long red hair of mine dyed in black at the bottom, was dead sparkling. The tiny freckles on my nose and the bottom of my eyes, which were the same as my hair color, gave an incredible beauty to my blue eyes. But it’s no use___ I had no one to fondle me with his warm and passionate hands.
     I used to sit on a carpet in my room, watching the nail polishes. Sometimes I had the nightmare of the huge hands coming toward me, ordering to paint them; though I ran away.
     I put my favorite CD in the CD player. I had a bunch of moving songs; they were all I need. Somebody was knocking on the door, surely it was a costumer. I opened the door, she was an old woman. I was shocked and asked, ‘who are you looking for madam?’ she casted an eye on me and said,‘I want you do my nails.’
My eyes were on stalks. At this age, when hands can be hardly seen under wrinkles, how a pretty nail could be seen amidst the wrinkles?
    She entered the house. She had taken off her shoes before. She headed for my bedroom, bending with her stick. I was staring at her surprisingly, the old woman sat on the ground, put her hand on the table and said ‘don’t you start?’
     Her hands were covered with a black cloth. I sat by her side noiselessly; removed the cloth, I couldn’t believe what I was seeing. Her hands were wrinkles-less, such tight and beautiful nails that I had never seen.
I raised my head, intended to watch her face. When I saw her, the blood didn’t reach my brain for a second, it was my own countenance______
      I moved backward, didn’t know what to do when her figure grew big. Everything grew bigger around me, only my cosmetics remained in their real size. She smiled and added ‘why don’t you start?’
      I walked toward my cosmetics trembling, didn’t know if I was sleeping or awake? I felt like I had entered (Brobdingnag) the land of giants in Gulliver’s travels, I couldn’t breathe, took my nail polishes and started painting her nails____
     While I was painting her nails, my own nails were getting painted as well, I couldn’t believe it. However, I went on_____ she started talking____
‘You know First you misjudged me as an old woman with wrinkled hands, though you invited me to your house, allowed me to sit next to you___ As soon as you removed that black cloth, you realized your mistake. Now you see no sign of a decrepit face.’
I stared at her smiling, my eyes were filled with tears. Why I was like so?
     She touched my head smiling and said ‘people’s face doesn’t represent their nature. And if you manage to observe their nature, you’ll be judging their face in a similar way and vice versa. Watch out my daughter__’
I asked ‘is there a threat to me?’
‘Not only are you, but also the others are threaten as well. Since nature has such an unchangeable law that if we break it, we’ll be all burning in its fire___’
I was trembling, I  whispered ‘fire?’
‘The volcanos would erupt__ the lands shake____ the seas will be roaring, though  only the sinners will condemn to death; anyone who’s taken other men’s life, is responsible for all his brutalities ___But there is also an ending___’
Was she forecasting? I was asleep? This is a nightmare______ Three years later____ if we ignore her prediction, except a few people, nobody will be living_____
I put my hands over my face, all I wanted was to wake up, who will be warning people in 3 years’ time?
     The hands of the woman who was right sitting in front of me, were on my hands.  She stroke and embraced me saying ‘you’re able to see anyone’s beautiful nature; you’ve inherited this from your mother_____’
 I opened my eyes and looked at her. She told me ‘look for your sister____’
‘She owns colored eyes; to the color of honey’
I asked: ‘where should I go?’
‘The London fire will direct you toward your sister.’
     She got up and said ‘thank you for doing my nails such beautiful___’
I looked below my feet, the ground was filled with my tears, I raised my head; she was gone______
 I opened my eyes, I was dreaming, I noticed my nails____ they were painted, the same color I used in my dream.
The doorbell rang, I walked toward the door quickly; opened it______ 
My God______ 
That was the same old woman. I asked her at once ‘would you like to get your nails painted?’ She lowered her head restively and replied ‘no’
    ‘The twinge of my conscious brought me here, hoping that you forgive me. I didn’t let anyone to share this secret, since one day you yourself will be understanding everything, it was my fault_______’
     ‘20 years ago a woman passed away right in this house, she didn’t want her child identify her real mother; it was her only will. Just because she died of leprosy with an ugly face. I’ve been keeping this secret for years, but I wasn’t tolerant of it anymore.’
She narrated everything without taking a breath just to comfort herself.
I asked her quickly ‘was that woman my mother?’
The old woman nodded her head in agreement.
I asked ‘have you got a picture of her?’
     She put her hand in her bag and said ‘here it is, her last photo, is it terrifying? Are you sure you want to see your mother with such an ugly face?’
   ‘Show me the photo ______’
 The old woman showed the photo to me.
I looked at the photo and saw my own face, a pretty, young face with red hair and bright blue eyes____ just like me.
 ‘What’s wrong with this beautiful photo?’
The old woman was shocked with protuberant eyes, she came closer and casted an eye on the photo, she looked at me once more, and said ‘can’t you identify these abrasions and deformities?’
     I wasn’t able to see the descriptions the way she said, I smiled calmly and put the photo on my chest saying, ‘This is the most beautiful photo I’ve ever seen.’
‘The inner eye widens your vision to see the world and colors in another way.’
 The old woman assumed that I became crazy, so she went away. I closed the door and immersed in my dream. Thought, it wasn’t a dream; it was a real meeting____
     I turned the TV on. The News announced the risk of activating volcanoes all around the world. Florida State was in danger of a horrific earthquake. My gosh___ everything was taking place precisely, my mother warned me from another universe, all the people of the city will burn in the fire. But which voice I should have answered?
     Most people were no longer commitment to humanity, and their brutality and sexual slavery were replaced with humanity. Everyone was seeking for wealth. The first attitude they had after gaining money, was entering people into their crypt to accomplish their filthy tasks.
May I raise children’s awareness of such people lurking them, what should I do?
     My mother had given me a gift which enabled me to see people’s nature. The old woman insisted that my mother was diagnosed with leprosy, but her pretty face was the only thing I could see. I felt as if I needed someone who is unlike me; with an ability to see others’ appearance.
I sat on a wooden chair and looked outside through the window, didn’t know how day turned into night before my eyes, however, my mind was occupied. What my mother meant by the great earthquakes and the burning of the continents? She used to say constantly that ‘if people don’t refine themselves, God’s wrath will be aroused by their extravagancies.’
     My dream was somewhat like a prediction, and yet I couldn’t understand my mother’s fear. She declared that ‘by 2020 there will be a group of people with the capability of helping all of us’, but who they would be? I went through the kitchen, opened the fridge but there was nothing to eat, and I was hungry as usual.
     I dressed up and left home. There was a shop nearby; I was strolling along a quite pedestrian under the moonlight. Passing by the houses, the beautiful vases were sitting in the windowsills, and their colorful flowers had drastically enhanced the houses’ attraction. Such a bewitching beauty was incomparable to me, I approached the store I used to shop from. By the time I got into the store, I took the basket and started walking throughout corridors which were filled with various goods and foods. I couldn’t get enough of the foods which were perfectly packed.  
     After feasting eyes on appetizing foods, I directly headed for glacier shelves in which were filled with meat and dairy products. I packed some sausages, kielbasa, pizza cheese and dough and put them in the basket, since I was fond of pizza. What if I could eat pizza every night without my stomach’s consideration____?
      Next, I came out of the supermarket, on the way home, while I was strolling on the pavements with a busy mind, suddenly a kerchief was put in front of my mouth. Someone had tied up me. I scrambled a lot, but I was futile.____
 My eyes were closing and I couldn’t do anything_____ my eyelids began to drop and I passed out______

Chapter 2
Where was I? Everywhere was burning in the fire__ a passerby shouted ‘run away’, I didn’t hesitate and ran with all my strength, but wherever I got was flaming out. I left the town and climbed up the rock hills. I turned my head back; ‘where is here?’ I observed all around carefully then fell down on my knees. It wasn’t like anywhere in my country, since I knew all about my country’s history, monuments and memorials. The houses which were burning in the fire, and the gates I passed through, all testified to the Ancient Rome. I was in my family’s rendezvous witnessing all the incidents. I shut my eyes, murmuring, ‘it’s not real, I’m dreaming.  This is a realistic dream and I’m able to manage it.’
 I opened my eyes again, and yet nothing changed___ I was immersed in fear.
     Suddenly a kind and tender voice asked me, ‘do you still believe that this is a dream?’ I turned and saw my mother. I was amazed, I approached her while my eyes were goggling and embraced her unconsciously. The fire and smoke frightened me, so I tried different ways to escape this dream; it didn’t make any difference though.  My mother smiled at me and said, ‘the fire that you escaped from is real, think a little bit my daughter, when did your country’s biggest fire take place?’
      I turned back and looked at the fire burning thousands of houses, the year 64TH   AD appeared on the tip of my tongue without hesitation. My mother put her hand on my shoulder and said, ‘these houses have been burning in fire for 3 continuous days to show that only three years is left to the big change. In each of the remaining years, a terrible incident is ahead, but in the last year, the most terrible thing will happen.’
She touched my face and said, ‘don’t let your sister burn in fire___ she's waiting for you in London.’
      Someone slapped me and woke me up. I opened my eyes, I was surrounded by girls who seemed to be homeless, wearing outdated and ragged clothes. The floor shook, I realized we were all inside a truck or something, only the road lights were penetrating inside throughout the hole on the truck body. I couldn’t even understand whether we were on the street or highway ____ I was terrified.
‘Are you OK? We supposed you were dead!’
     I began coughing, the girl sitting beside me, put her hand on my mouth at once and said, ‘You want to wake him up! He’s just fallen asleep ____’ I looked around, someone was lying beside his gun over the bars. 
Bars?! 
A rope was tied around my hands__ ‘Where am I? How did I get here?! Who_____’
I felt shivery, seeking around for a sharp tool to cut the rope tying around my hands, but I couldn’t find anything.
     I wasn’t able to breathe; my lips were shaking, though I must have controlled myself. I took a deep breath and watched outside through a hole on the truck’s body right next to my hand. We were outside the town. I turned back and asked the girl sitting in front of me, ‘Where are they carrying us to?’
‘They intend to sell us as sexual slaves.’
Amidst the crowd, another girl came toward me saying, ‘if we don’t escape, our condition might get worse.’
‘Is there a way to escape?’
‘We’ll be probably taken somewhere to be raped, then they share our live video on the internet. It will be a great chance if we survive.’
 I said astonishing, ‘internet?? Rape??’
     The girl beside me made a ridiculous laugh and said, ‘Don’t you know that we as human beings are becoming the most abominable creatures in the world? We are only perpetrating brutality and aggression .We don’t even show pity to animals__’
She came closer and showed us a wound on her neck and said, ‘I grew up in the orphanage, and I’ve been raped for countless times since my childhood.’ (She raised her head up and said) ‘I’ve been seized by the thought of revenge since then______’
     I stood up, I murmured slightly, ‘that is why Rome was burning in fire______’
 I went toward the bars, the girls were asking constantly, ‘What do you want to do ____’ I struck the bars with my fist and cried: ‘I need ___I need ___’
 The guard jumped off his place, pulled his gun on me and said, ‘What the hell you did?’ He came toward me angrily___
 I touched between my legs____
     He simpered and said, ‘I got it.’  He took the keys out of his pocket, drew gun on others saying, ‘Back off.’ They all went back, but I stood in my position, after opening the bars, he took me out of the cage and closed the door behind me. He pushed me on the bars and said, ‘Now I'll meet your needs.’
I opened my hair and held my hair pin in my hand. He had stuck me to the bars and was touching my body with his hands, I said out of the blue, ‘don’t you want to kiss me at first?!’ 
He took a dirty look at me; I didn’t give him a grace for a moment. I plunged my pin into his eye______
     The gun fell down on the ground. He was screaming of pain.  After rescuing from his claws, I hit on his chest .He was stuck to the bars. The girls immediately gripped his body and held him behind the bar with the same tied hands. I lifted his heavy gun and hit on his face. He fell unconscious on the ground. Though, I couldn’t keep calm; whenever I encountered a molester, my only remedy was his death. I hit on his head with the gun stock several times; he had passed away, and now I have to think of the girls who helped me. 
     I picked up the keys and unlocked the bars’ lock. The girls came out, but the only one who thanked me was the girl who was hoping for revenge.  She shook hand and said, ‘this is Melisa’, and I did the same and introduced myself.
     The main question was that, how we can rescue ourselves from the truck! We opened our hands, all the girls were gazing at me. It seemed as though I was their leader.  I hit on a solution; I shouldn’t have taken a risk. The guard’s radio telephone was still on his belt, and it was the best opportunity to persuade the rest of them to follow the truck. The radio telephone began to ring, the guard was paged_________


Chapter 3
 ‘Hey Jack, why doesn’t that bullshit answer?’
Jack was driving, he laughed and said, ‘maybe he’s having fun or sleeping of surfeit.’
‘Stop somewhere to check the girls.’
      The truck was stopped on the side of an empty highway surrounded by a dry desert. A guy who was next to the driver, named Rick, got off the truck to check the girls. He dragged his boots to the ground and looked around carefully. When he reached the door, he began to open it. The door was opened. He went up the truck and looked around. Everything seemed to be in its place. He looked at the guard who was lying prone.
‘The simpleton guy is still fast sleep.’ 
One of the girls said, ‘kill me; I’m both diagnosed with hepatitis and HIV.’
You suppose I believe you bitch?’
A girl in front of the bars cried, ‘she is right, she is pale-skinned, and she has nose bleeding all the time.’
‘Damn you all____ If you contract the diseases, you won’t be practical anymore__’
He grabbed his keys, and began to unlock the bars lock and entered __
He asked, ‘Where is she?’
In the middle of the girls, someone called, ‘Come closer to see me ____’
The guard took his steps slowly among the girls, they were all kneeling in their abdomen, the guard passed through the girls coolly, hoping that his friend would care for him, but he didn’t know that__
‘Look upon the ground __right in front of your feet ____’
When the guard lowered his head , he saw Sama who was gazing at him with a simper, he wanted to call his friend, suddenly he was hit by a gun stock behind his neck and fell on the ground.
     The girls wanted to attack him, Sama stopped them and said, ‘No, I need him _____’
Sama picked up the gun and said, ‘tie his hands and feet. It’s driver’s turn now____’
     Sama got off the truck. She knew that if she crosses from the both sides of the truck, the driver could see her through side mirrors; she bent over and went under the truck.  Fear made her quaver inwardly. She saw the driver’s feet on her left. If she moved straight toward the driver, he’d kill her. She couldn’t draw a breath, she didn’t know the exact number of people inside the truck____
     She fell to the abdomen on the ground, leveled her gun at the driver’s leg.  For the first time in her life, she pulled the trigger trembling. The gun recoiled. The driver fell on the ground moaning, not knowing how he was shoot.
     Sama lost her balance for a moment, but when she became conscious, she found herself standing above driver’s body. They both had a single moment to pull the triggers, Sama’s gun was right next to the driver, whereas the driver’s gun was on the ground. The trigger was pulled, and the sound of the second gun burst horrified the girls inside the truck.
The girls never imagined that they could escape that night’s tumult, though they weren’t sure yet. Somebody was panting behind the iron door of the truck.
     The innocent girls who were treated as commodity, were delighted with seeing a red-haired girl now. Sama’s blue eyes were creating tranquility more than any moment, though it was her red hair which was demonstrating her frightening. Nobody could believe that a girl is able to beat 3 men, Sama wore a satisfactory smile saying, ‘would you like to be still there?’
     They all escaped the savage abdomen of racketeering cheering. Sama noticed the driver's mobile phone, which had pulled out of his pocket, she picked it up.  Melisa stood in front of Sama, gazing at the cellphone in her hand.
‘This is the best tool to find you, because I really need you ___’
 Melisa was surprised by the red-haired girl’s words and asked, ‘you need me?!’
Sama smiled and took the cellphone against Melisa and said, ‘Get it, call the police and tell them everything, and also ask them to look for a truck with this plaque number.’ Melisa got the cell phone and asked, ‘What do you mean? The truck is right here __’
     Sama took a look at the empty road and said; ‘this truck is equipped with the GPS, if it doesn’t get its destination, the boss of the traffickers, who is waiting for the girls, will run away. Judging by the latest dialed number, I realized where he is. The initial code belongs to the port.’  
     Sama laid her hands on Melisa’s shoulder and said,‘please do what I say ________’ Melisa nodded her head and agreed. Sama asked the girls to tie the guy’s hands and feet tightly and incarcerate him behind the bars. The truck door was closed.  Getting on the truck, Sama’s red hair was fluttering as flames of fire in the nightly breath, she intended to lead the truck to the traffickers’ hideout. The first thing she did was turning on the car recorder to play a song, suitable for entering the heart of death. Melisa stood beside the truck, asking in a tune mixed up with fear and discomfort, ‘How would I find you?’ Sama looked at Melisa and said, ‘hold this cellphone and 2 days later search an id by the name of ‘the song of fire’ on social networking sites; keep as many as these girls you can , you might need their help soon.’ Without any additional words, Sama pushed the gas pedal and hit the road.

    
Chapter 4
The route was marked on the GPS of the car. There was no radio telephone to make contact with the hideout, though there was no way. The car radio was on, and in the heart of the night, a metal song was playing_____
     Rome caught fire due to a single reason, and the history was repeating___ we all have heard this sentence that ‘those who don’t know history are doomed to repeat it.’ And Rome caught fire when men raped their slaves’ daughters and wives and shed their blood; when the aristocrats sent their slaves to circus to be torn asunder against savage soldier and animals for the sake of their pleasure and widowed their wives. Now I realize what my mother meant by the volcanoes; a fire that covers everywhere, earthquakes that are supposed to cause volcanic eruptions, and storms in the seas.  Seas that cover two thirds of the earth and can easily drag continents into.
     But what would the next war be on? A war that ends quickly, but leaves millions of casualties. Indeed, such a war will have no consequence, but the destruction of the wealth. A wealth that can eradicate famine and hunger for 30 years. If my mother’s prediction comes true, only 3 years is left to tragedy. But if they refuse to comply the saviors, the world will be doomed to destruction; judging by the current situation, it’s already doomed to downfall.
     Having a cold sweat, I was thinking of my sister_____   She’s my complement, if she sees ugliness and I see the beauties of people, we could easily do everything together. I must have gone with Melisa to London after accomplishing my duty. I wasn’t in charge of looking for my sister; she would show herself to me.  A soothing music was playing, perhaps the song of fire deserved a melody that can depress anyone in the depth of tranquility; then smolder him to commit suicide eventually or raise his anger without considering the consequence. We as human beings reveal the truth if we get frustrated and commit hazardous affairs. I don’t know why all these thoughts involved my mind amid driving? But I believe that I’m not the only one who owns this feature.
     The GPS location was situated in a port where the containers were loading on giant ships.  Among all these marked points, this location had attracted my attention, and fortunately once you mark a point on the GPS, it will store in its history. It was even hard to imagine that the girls will get on the containers as commodities to be exported all over the world.
     I believed that my country is beautiful, and such an incident wouldn’t happen to its daughters, the girls who were in the truck were from all the minorities, and it wasn’t difficult for me to understand that only one percent of the girls in the world are like me.
     But the truth is that these incidents are happening and if it continues, nothing is left to end this world. It's time for everyone to wise up and be united with others. We are the only ones who can save each other_____
     I heard the alarm and looked at the side mirror, they had found me in the worst possible moment. Even the task force was accompanying them, what should I have done? Should I have run away or continued the journey?



Chapter 5
The dusk was falling, but the sky’s darkness had overcome its brightness. The cool breeze of the Mediterranean Sea had made the anchorage more pleasant than any time, but there was nothing beautiful to see within this harbor; there weren’t only idle stuff inside the giant containers, and if the sun rose and shined on their metal body, they’d get so hot that no one could breathe there. 
      The freighters were docked around the harbor to load. Everything seemed to be normal, but there were some unusual bumps in steel on the workers’ clothes, it seemed as if they weren’t fond of shotguns.
     Alas, seeing the disgusting nature of these men wasn’t Sama’s job, but the first and latest question was that what’s the use of seeing a beautiful nature? The answer is simple____ if you constantly fall in love but fail, it's just because you follow the people’s face, while Sama doesn’t do that; she follows someone who can really love her from the bottom of heart and help her out. 
     Of all the girls, she only trusted Melisa to help her to go to London, because she believed she would be helpful ____Knowing humans is God's most beautiful mercy, and  possessing this power could help Sama.
     The black truck, loaded with girls, was entering. The workers were relieved, it was an alive load which was supposed to endure the heat of the sun for a few days. There was an arrow sign on the streets of the harbor and, as usual, the guard of the harbor stopped the truck to inform the driver of the route.
     The stop sign was held in front of the truck and stopped it. The guard moved forward and told the driver laughing, ‘Damn you Rick, You sent that bullshit on a fool’s errand again, not to disturb you?’
Rick laughed and said, ‘he was such a chatty guy that I had to get rid of him.’
The guard said, ‘why your lip is bleeding?’ Rick put his finger on his lip, looked at the side mirror and said in a mocking tone, ‘it’s the memento of a girl who I beat _____’
     The guard simpered and said, ‘You will never change____’ then he looked at the lines saying, ‘Follow the yellow line, it will guide you to the last container, just shake a leg _ the boss is indignant___ later, you ought to visit him in his office.’
     Rick nodded his head and headed for the destination___ he was groaning slowly; he got irritated and beat on the steering wheel with his hands, saying, ‘why you squealed on the boss’s hideout? Damn__’
     Rick's hands and feet were shaking, no one was beside him and everything seemed to go on well. It was time for the sun to shine on the figure of harbor. The truck stood at the desired location and the workers began to open its doors. But they were too goggled that they couldn’t take their weapons out of their clothes.
A picture of fear and beauty was formed_____ 
     They were all absorbed by a girl, whose her blue eyes and red hair were sparkling among the police officers who were all in black. The military helicopter arrived quickly and landed its troops on the ship; a terrible dangle began on the deck. The rest of the police reached the harbor through boats, and another attack occurred on the entrance. Within a few minutes the harbor was fraught with the police officers.
     Sama got off the truck, passed proudly through the people who pretended to be anchorage workers, but in fact they were human traffickers. None of them was able to make the slightest move. They were only staring at Sama, who crossed among them without fear, gazing at the containers on the ship. The police officers were all walking behind sama, they handcuffed whoever they saw.
     Sama put her hair behind her ear and said, ‘rummage all the containers, I can see inside them, they are full of children and girls who have been kidnapped _ save them __’ and all she said came true____ It wasn’t easy for her to tolerate these events. She headed for the sea to watch the sun rise. The golden and copper color of the sun beside the redness of her hair created the most beautiful contradiction with her eyes. This beauty was emanating from nature, but the truth of what is supposed to happen can’t be denied. She was only thinking about one thing; her sister who was in need in London. She leaned her right hand to a white stem in the harbor and watched the turbulent sea from the very same point. She felt someone’s hands on her shoulder, she needn’t turn back though, and she knew that who always accompanied her.
     Melisa put her black hair behind her ears saying, ‘half of the girls are ready to do whatever you want, and I’m willing to sacrifice my life for your sake; I don’t want to look for the song of fire, because it’s already standing against me____ the song of fire which is our savior, just let us know how to dance?’ Sama looked at Melisa with a steady regard, put her hands on Melisa’s face, saying, ‘it’s the calm before the storm, where London is its first starting point, we ought to find my sister; she is waiting for us______’ Melisa turned her look to the sea and held Sama’s hand. Sama whispered, ‘only seawater is able to put out such a fire_____’ 
To be continued_________       


    
The Dream within

Irana, June 9, 2017
SANA
Chapter 1
I spent my whole life with trials and tribulations. My dreams were perished in my hometown, but there is still some one left:  the one who is supposed to rescue me. I always dreamed of becoming The Miss World. But my country was so under the pressure of the policies of the powerful countries that I couldn’t even think about my success for a single moment. Policies that provoked all the people of the world to eschew us and don’t know about us.
     Every time I told myself, ‘I can’t’, I should have reminded myself that ‘I can’ nearly 24 times. My visage could turn me into The Miss World. But I was surrounded by a bunch of pusher and capricious men, how could I leave my country?
     My parents died in an accident ages ago, and I lived in a small house in the suburbs. The girls around me put make up to look prettier, whereas I just wanted to make myself uglier .No one paid attention to me that way, I didn’t like it when others avoided me because of my appearance, as all my acquaintances judged a book by its cover. Even when they logged on to social networking sites on their phones, they sought after those who had charming faces and bodies, they knew that they’ll never get the chance of possessing them; I couldn’t get along with such a futile thing, it only  made them greedier than before.

I worked in one of the next-door neighborhood’s stores which was run by a gentle and honest woman. Whenever I was in the store, I had to wear the mask she’d given me, so that customers wouldn’t care about me. However, they became more avid to see my visage.
     Once a rich young man entered the store to shop, he was constantly gazing at me. He left the store after he made his purchase; his face rang a bell with me, I had seen him somewhere before. There was no news of him for a couple of days, until I received an envelope which was sealed and signed. When I opened it, my name was written on top, next to a few lines. As I was reading the lines I dropped the envelope. Someone had invited me to The Miss World contest, ‘who had seen my face?’ I hadn’t shown my pretty face to anyone, when I bent to pick up the envelope, I noticed a small piece of paper, containing this sentence; ‘I saw your pretty nature behind the mask.’
Only three days is left to the contest. I grabbed my phone quickly and called to the store.
 ‘Mendes store?’
‘Please’
-Madam__ this is Sana___ today____’
      She interrupted me with a laugh and said, ‘I know dear, today a gentleman came here and said everything, keep calm, I hope you win the contest __’
 she said goodbye.
     The fear had penetrated me. I had never reached my dreams in a single night. Everything was unexpected, but there was no opportunity to think, I must have made ready. I took my black wig and headed for the bathroom. I stood in front of the mirror and looked at the fake face I had made ugly with makeup.
A natural face is much more beautiful than an artificial one, some people might claim that we were all born ugly since childhood, but they don’t know that putting make up from adolescence is the same as putting your face to prolonged heat exposure, that’s why the faces are no longer real. As I was washing my face, I noticed the water flow and different colors which were dropping from my face. The bathroom floor turned black as usual. My blond hair was the only thing I hadn’t touched. I began to stroke my hair with my hands.
     I’ve always been dreaming of attending contests. Maybe I could do great things and participate in charities. The annual prize was valuable to me. If I won, I’d find a lot of sponsors, I could go to the universal contest in America and be my country’s representative as well. I heard from a few people that only one person is selected in this contest and loads of money will be given to her.
     In addition to appearance, the contest examines criteria such as personality, intelligence, the ability to establish social relationships, the presence of mind, repartee, sports abilities, general information, as well as the special skills and talents of each participant. I've been working on them for years. I was struggling to save myself. Beauty was my chief asset. I knew that it would be threatening for me to let everyone know all about my appearance. There is nothing by the name of a beautiful nature here, and everyone is judged by the appearance. It was hard for me to believe that I would do exactly the opposite.
     8 billion people live on this planet, but in fact there are 16 billion people; double- faced people. Based on a Japanese legend, ‘human being has 3 faces.’ but what is the third face?  In fact the third face is the real face of man that nobody sees it_____
I must join the contest, I have to practice more ________
my mind and tongue didn’t need to be improved, but my abilities and skills were weak and I had to prepare myself more______. But what's my special talent?  I was really wobbly and nervous. Once in my childhood, I was aroused by a terrible sound, it was like a girl’s screams and I was so frightened that I couldn’t shake my legs. 
     Being shocked, I couldn’t even yell. I felt as though someone was smothering me, after a few minutes everything became normal. I left the bed cowardly and headed for my mother’s room, a green light beckoned me. The tranquility of the light calmed me down. When I opened the door, there was something like the halo of light around my mother's body. She was reading a book, I started to cry and walked toward her, she opened her arms, broke down in tears, saying, ‘You are so beautiful my child, even when I don’t accompany you ____’
     I got none of her words, though I felt her warm and soothing embrace from the bottom of my heart. As she embraced me, I began to caress her, she looked at me surprisingly, ‘what are you doing my daughter?’ I smiled at her and replied, ‘I’m caressing the halos of light around you.’
She was goggled, saying immediately, ‘close your eyes’ and I did that. A moment later, I felt a terrible pain between my eyebrows and screamed. When I opened my eyes, I noticed that she has kept her finger in the distance of 15 cm just opposite my forehead. I could see fear in her face. She was by my side all day long. From that day on, my mother would invite me to watch TV, and brush my teeth regularly. She’d constantly give me some frying food and take me to polluted places. Gradually, there was neither a sign of the halo of light, nor the strange sounds that aroused me at night.

Holiday was approaching, and I was waiting for my father to return from his journey and take us to travel. His journey took a while, but he arrived home a night before the holiday. Although I could see his tedious face, he demonstrated himself energetically and was eager for an exciting trip to Egypt.
     If only we hadn’t travelled the next day.___ my parents didn’t survive the accident. I had no one except them, so I was stranded for a long time. Even though my parents had a lot of friends, they went away and I gradually felt more and more forlorn. I had decided to regain the power of my childhood. I spoke to many people and read various books. I quit everything my mother did, but nothing happened.
     Having this power, I could see inside anyone, and even a little bit of the future. This was my special talent, however, others could own it without being aware of that. Since that day, the more I tried, the less I was able to return to my previous state, and this was the end of the story; it has been a few years since the last days of my effort.  Being mistrustful of others, I made my face ugly. Perhaps everyone wondered why I did it, the answer is simple__ as the men of my country are unable to understand the internal beauty, just in the same way they don’t deserve to see the external beauty. However, this appearance is deceitful, so they judge people as if they were sitting in a godly position. Then, it's best to take them away from the painting of God and show them the man- made figures.
     After the shower, I went to my bedroom, played my favorite song and started to dance in the mirror with a towel around my waist. I was dancing and laughing continuously. The dance lasted so long that I felt dizzy and fell on the bed. I fell asleep. I always dreamed within my dreams, but this time my dreams were so vivid and beautiful that I felt as if I was wide awake. I was walking on the meadows of a beautiful valley. My bare feet were touching the grass heartily, though I felt it wasn’t real. I reached the edge of the abyss, there was a huge roaring waterfall over the abyss, while the water was throwing itself down. 
     Down the waterfall, a large river was passing through the forest and spilling into the sea at the end. Someone whispered in my ear, ‘Jump __’ but I was a little afraid.  Suddenly, a womanish voice cried, ‘jump___’
But I wasn’t energetic enough.
She shouted for the last time, ‘jump __’ 
I shut my eyes from fear and jumped immediately.
     I couldn’t feel anything for a few seconds. Moments later I opened my eyes. The ceiling of the room was a little closer to me. Carelessly, I left my bed and snored .I could see everything more transparent now, I felt as though I’ve become lighter. The more steps I took, the more I felt I’d like to fly.
      It was just like a year ago when I took psychedelic drugs because of my friend’s persistence; I gained nothing but weakness and disability after that. However, this feeling was lovely and enjoyable to me. I stared at the mirror, watched my body carefully to see if there is an imperfection.  I stood in front of the mirror, but I didn’t see anything. The mirror didn’t reflect my body image. I touched the mirror, though there wasn’t any sense of touch, I was terrified______
     I turned back and saw my body on the bed; my heartbeat quicken. This fear was about to kill me. Maybe I was dead. A white light appeared above my head. A calmness overcome my fear unconsciously.  The Light moved toward my body a few moments later. I approached it noiselessly and looked at it. Someone’s voice came to my ear______
‘Are you okay?’
I was turning my head around to find the owner of the sound, but nobody was there. It repeated once more, ‘Are you looking for something?’
  The sound itself answered without hesitation, ‘you must find it in your soul!’
 I didn’t understand what it meant. I said calmly, ‘What do you want me?’
I heard someone’s laughing, ‘I wonder why you don’t ask me if I’m dead or why I am out of my body? Or what am I?’, but you ask, ‘what I want you?’
‘I’m here to meet your needs.’
I thought a little bit and said, ‘I need my childhood power __’
silence spread everywhere, but the sound was more serious, ‘Come along with me to show you something ____’
     I followed the sound spontaneously, closed my eyes, and a moment later I saw myself on top of the house. I felt like passing through the walls and ceiling of the house. I found the house beautiful on top. The same sound was heard again,‘do you know why this city is so beautiful from the distance?’ 
‘Because it’s inner is black.’
       I entered the city unconsciously, there were flames of fire everywhere; I saw marketers and dealers who had ugly faces and lying together. I went quickly to other parts of the city, there were some factories where their products put people’s life at risk. For them, money was more important than humans’ life.
     As I was crossing among the workers, someone captured my attention. He was surrounded by a green light; the same as the halo of light I had seen around my mother before. I went toward him, I touched his face gently; a guy with a perfectly shaved face who had the same age as me. His shiny light hair cascaded down his face. He was sweeping the floor, by the time I touched his face, his eyes were streamed with tear. I don’t know why we both wept tears together. The same womanly voice whispered again, ‘Do you know that this boy has sacrificed his life to own you?’
I said with the same state of affection and weeping, ‘Why?’ 
     She said: ‘I cannot tell you anything now, but this scene belongs to many years ago!’ 
I didn’t believe how this happened? I felt as though this boy and I are experiencing a mutual pain____
      The voice continued, ‘this youth looked for you, he gained access to your photo through the police and showed it to anyone he could.  Since you had concealed your real face, there was no sign of you.’
      I felt a strange sorrow accompanying with anxiety inside. That woman’s voice was annoying and terrible to me, I didn’t want this dream to continue. I squeezed my eyes tightly to wake up. I couldn’t stand this fear. When I opened my eyes, I found myself lying on the bed. All I had witnessed was unbelievable to me. I got off my bed and moved toward the mirror, I could see myself this time. I turned back and watched my bed; no one was there. I took a slow breath and assumed that it was only a dream. No one was following me. I should have thrown these thoughts away from myself.
  I headed for my wardrobe and tried on all my clothes. But none of them was appealing to me. The idea of joining the contest with an ordinary outfit would hurt me to death. I was constantly thinking of my dream, was it real? Has anyone been looking for me for years, but couldn’t find me? What did she mean by many years ago? How many years she meant exactly? I had to go to the market to buy a new outfit, as usual I looked for the mask that was on the cupboard next to the door. ‘Was it necessary to wear a mask? Should I still hide my beauty?’
     Without a clear answer to my questions, I put the mask on my face. The polluted air of the city was the best excuse for masking. I got out of the house and started walking on the pavements of Scanandi Street. The only street in the city which was paved and its trees were long lived. The cars weren’t allowed to cross this street. 
     Among the tree branches, I noticed the beautiful cobwebs sparkling in the sunlight. Spiders are such contented insects, they are satisfied with a meal per day, whereas flies are the greedy ones which never get stuffed; they remind me of those who never get enough of power. Perhaps this is the nature of power, but sooner or later they will be captured by spiders and their life ends. The number of spiders should be increased so that no other generation of flies will remain. As I was strolling, I saw men and women with rueful faces, I thought I could identify with them, I wanted to make them smile. Smile is the affection of God granting to his servants, what if all the people of my homeland would smile to survive from poverty and misery______
     I reached a large woman clothing store. I looked at the beautiful showcase; there were some dresses on mannequins, I entered the store. It was quiet and the salesmen were busy talking together, 
Having ignored them, I looked at the shelves.  It was s shop with ceramic flooring, and large plaster pillars with a few hangers attached to them. Large glass tables were arranged side by side for the clothes. I wanted a fashionable dress. One of the saleswomen came forward, greeted me warmly and began to show me different clothes. She asked surprisingly, ‘Why do you have a mask on your face, don’t panic, the building is equipped with the air conditioning.’
     As I put my mask away, the saleswoman was goggled and moved backward. Such a reaction was unpredictable, she raised her finger saying, ‘you aren’t real____ you aren’t real___’ I wore my mask quickly and hugged her. She touched my blonde hair saying,‘One year passed, and I always regret what I did ___ ‘
 I asked, ‘What do you mean’
‘A boy was looking for you, showing your photo to everyone. We made fun of him___ I told him the owner of this photo resembles Aphrodite (the goddess of beauty), you won’t find her on the earth, unless you die.He went away and I didn’t see him anymore.’
     I intended to leave the shop, she said, ‘I beg you to buy your clothes from this shop, I’ll treat it. Since I hurt that boy, I’m suffering_____’ 
I pulled hand but she kept insisting, I accepted her request on condition that she won’t tell anyone about my presence. She agreed and brought me a black dress designed with white brilliant jewelry, and a golden wrist and collar.
‘Try on it__’
      But I refused. She put the dress in a plastic bag and gave it to me. I came out of the store without looking behind. My dream was real, he was looking for me, and I should have found him.  I came to the conclusion that I ought to find the factory I had seen in the dream. I went to a small park opposite the pavements and sat down on a bench. I remember the factory was in the suburb; A car manufacturing factory with low quality cars.
     I got out of the park, got on the taxi and gave the driver the required descriptions, he got what I meant. After moving through several streets and bridges, he entered the highway. We were driving on the highway toward the specified path. Occasionally, the rays of the sun were annoying my eyes, the driver was trying to discover my face, but because of the mask, he only stared at my honey eyes. A little beat of fear had infiltrated me, what if I had put a heavy make up to become ugly? I didn’t have the opportunity, though.
       My mind was occupied, I was wondering when that boy had visited me, ‘what should I do after visiting him? Who sacrifices his life to see a girl? Which one is considered as the law of love:  love at the first sight? Or falling in love by the passage of time? Why that boy was chasing me?’
The driver entered the dirt road, I was terrified more than before asking in no time,  ‘does this path lead to the factory?’
 He simpered as though he had solved a riddle, ‘You thought I don’t notice your burnt face?’
He paused a little and then continued ___
‘Yes, that's right.’
       There was a lot of dust on the dirt road behind us, everyone from the distance could recognize that a car is approaching. I expected this route to be short, and the factory cars would often go along this route. I looked at the abandoned factory, asking with amazement, ‘Is it the same factory? Are you sure?’
The driver nodded his head and said, ‘that’s right_____ if it doesn’t last long, I'll be waiting for you. Just be careful, if you got into trouble, shout.’
The last sentence of the driver frightened me. However, I got off the car saying, ‘Wait for me, I'll be here.’
     I felt really insecure, having seen the walls and tumbledown door of the factory, I was more terrified. I entered the factory, reached a large building; a building with brick walls and aluminum sheets mounting on its walls. Everywhere was covered in the dust, even the entrance door had dropped on the ground. Some fluorescent lamps were still seen on the ceiling, the machines were covered with tarpaulin, the windows of the management office had been broken, and the cobwebs and ant’s nest were visible on the corner of the walls.
      A manly voice whispered behind me out of the blue, ‘the ant’s nest reminds me of ourselves___’ 
     I turned back fearfully; a man with long beard and hair and brown eyes, wearing ragged and torn clothes, had hold a cigar. I took two steps backward. My heart was beating quickly. As he was puffing at his cigar, took a look at the factory ceiling, saying: ‘we’ve been treated as ants for years, they hired their acquaintances and provided them with silly jobs to have an income, though they knew nothing but smoking and sleeping at their desks. But this wasn’t the end__’
     He started to stroll around, headed for the management office, put his torn shoes on the broken glasses saying, ‘though they weren’t satisfied with it yet, they gradually refused to pay our salary, defalcated the factory’s capital and left the country, and our life ruined.’
 As I approached him I asked, ‘Why did it happen to you?’
He threw his cigar on the floor; without crushing, and looked at its smoke. His eyes were filled in tears saying, ‘People curse in silence ___We took their money and promised them to deliver their cars in the close future, but we neither gave them their cars nor their money.’
     His face seemed familiar to me. I felt as if I had seen him somewhere. In my dream, at this factory ____I went closer a bit and asked, ‘Did you use to work at this factory?’ He crushed the cigarette under his feet and held his hands in front of his face saying, ‘I used to be the owner of this factory _____!’ I was amazed, he used to care about money and the people life didn’t matter to him?????? My God______
I stepped him immediately asking, ‘what are you doing here?’
His eyes filled in tears, he said, ‘except here, wherever I go, my chest starts to pain terribly.’
‘I spent all my money to treat myself, however it was futile, here is the only place where I can slumber peacefully; I’m cursed_____’
    I shouldn’t have provoked his feeling, I should have asked my main question; the question that brought me here. I put my hand on his shoulder saying, ‘I’m looking for someone who used to sweep the floor here. A young average-height boy with light hair and bright eyes_____’
     He scratched his head and said, ‘I remember, Peter _____he was gentle and quite_____’
I replied straightaway, ‘well, where can I find him?’
     He gazed at my eyes awkwardly; a drop of tear fell from his eyes____ A few moments later he said, ‘He’s committed suicide____’
Staring at him, I moved backward. I fell at the ground at the same time. I clutched a bar, then turned my head and saw a mop’s handle which was curved up. I arose and watched everywhere carefully, he was sweeping and crying right here. I couldn’t breathe______ I started to run, the broke manager was only shouting, ‘forgive me____’
     I left the factory. The driver thought I had seen something horrible. He immediately turned on the car and hit the road a moment later. I was puffing, the driver was continually asking if I was ok. I don’t believe he’s committed suicide. Before that, the saleswoman had encouraged him to do so. What was really going on?!
It was difficult to imagine what the truth was. My cellphone was ringing. I took it out of my bag and answered it___
‘I'm Aylari.’
‘Please__’
‘The boss of the contests is speaking, I have to declare that, the plans are taking place ahead of time, and you have to come here tonight____ goodbye______’
     The phone was disconnected.  Nothing is more terrible than calling off a party in the last minute for a girl; precipitating it is worse, especially if it is supposed to be a beauty contest, which its winner will be allowed to travel abroad. It was about 3 o'clock and the beauty contest was at 9 pm. I should be prepared sooner. I gave the driver the address of the house and told him I was in a hurry. I wasn’t able to concentrate, didn’t know what I should think of? In fact, thousands of images were passing against my eyes; I remember my childhood memories.
     When the car’s back door was opened by firefighters, they were very scared of seeing me. A broken glass with a sharp beak was exactly placed below my throat, after they rescued me with the utmost precision, they embraced me. One of them whispered in my ear, ‘This is one of the thousands of God’ miracles.’
     Until today, I haven’t realized what they meant, is the death of my father and mother the miracle of God?! I haven’t forgiven the one who was blamed for my parents’ death since that day.
     A question came to my mind, so that I asked the driver unconsciously, ‘the bankrupt factory used to manufacture a car, what was it called?’ The driver said, ‘The car which is giving you a lift right now; Lanter ____ I even hate its name.’
      Tears flowed from my eyes; I tried to obstruct them. When I was a child my father bought a small car with his low income, which was called Lanter. He was so delighted that he offered a trip the same day. Soon my mother packed the suitcases and we headed for a trip______
     I was all alone in the toughest moments of my life, my childhood was passed with rough. I got accustomed to accept whatever I’ve been told and also I learned not to haggle with others. It might be stiff to believe that, the secret of peace is in immersing yourself in tranquilly; neither crossing easily with others, nor wasting your time. I learned not to be engaged in short-term relationships and not to label myself alone. A long-lasting love is more enjoyable than any relationship for me.
     When I paid the taxi fare, the driver bid me adieu and left. I don’t know why everything that happens around me seems familiar to me. This feeling may have happened to everyone; it seems as if we’ve seen wherever we go and whoever we meet before. I scaled the dead and dusty stairs of the three-floor apartment. My hand was tied with the rusty iron fences. A dim light had illuminated the space of the stairs, and only darkness welcomed me. I opened the wooden door of the house; a little house where its walls and bed were painted and made by me. Whatever exists in this house is my handmade, I lay down on my bed and though about my imaginations, ignoring my concerns. My eyes were drowsy and I felt as though the ceiling of the room was approaching me. ‘Why is this happening again? What was I doing unconsciously? Was my soul flying?’
     My eyelids began to drop. I opened my eyes and saw nothing but darkness around, I moved a few steps forward; the ground lighted at once. The old pavements reminded me of somewhere familiar. I was in a narrow alley. I came out of the alley and entered a wide street. The lamps in the form of a lantern were shining on top of the long bars at the edge of the paved paths; Houses with medieval and eye- catching architecture, people in long and simple garments reminded me of the historical stories, and the carriages that were moving along the street to transfer people. ‘I traveled to the past? Is this a dream?’
     Someone took my hand and raised me up. A moment later I found myself inside the carriage. A man with a shaved face and black hair and eyes, looked at me with a smile saying, ‘remember that you belong to me __’ the carriage went over a rock, we were jolted forward. I took a look at my clothes, gasping. I was in a white dress designed with yellow and red flowers and a white lace hanged behind me. He wanted to keep talking but I had covered my face with my hands and wanted to wake up from this dream. I opened my eyes and saw the roof on top of my head again. 
     I woke up and looked around.  I breathed with difficulty. I got up and checked my clothes, everything was normal. I looked at the clock; I was asleep for half an hour, I must have prepared myself. I headed for my makeup table at once and adorned my face with a light makeup. I put on the clothes I was given, wore the ring my mother had left me in my ring finger to be less bothered by others.
It was almost three hours to commence the big contest. I wore my ragged loose coat, laced up my shoes and put the air pollution mask on my face. Again I turned into a displaced and ugly girl. Clothes is the demonstrative of everyone's apparent personality. Everyone whose clothes are branded and more expensive, will be considered as a wealthy person, whereas the one whose clothes are simple, will be judged as a moderate and weak person.
     After getting ready, I sat on the stool and waited for the car which was supposed to be sent on behalf of the contest organizers. A moment later, my phone’s ringing tone broke the silence of the room.
 ‘I'm waiting for you at the front door.’ said the driver.
 I went downstairs and sat in the car.  I saluted him, but he didn’t answer me. He might not have heard me.
     On the way, the car driver's phone rang. He answered his phone. He changed his direction, I was afraid and asked at once, ‘What’s up?’ 
He replied, ‘ I'm sorry, lady __ I’ve just been informed that something is going wrong in the contest venue, and I am obligated to take you to the airport ___’
‘Who told you that?’
     The taxi driver looked at me and replied, ‘The head of the center informed that the destination has changed and I have to go to the airport.’
      Who was that man? What should I do at the airport? Where was I supposed to go? Who was supposed to pay my ticket price? These questions had occupied my mind on the way.
On the way airport, the sun was setting, the fresh air of country was the only thing I was delighted with. It was a little bit crowded near the airport. The same congestion of the cars made me to decide whether to go back or continue the way. I was kind of worn out, I felt I need to take a short nap. I was lullabied to sleep; what my mother used to do every night. I heard my mother’s tender and transparent voice a few moments later.  As I opened my eyes, I found myself in my childhood cradle; my mother was dropping me off to sleep.
     How beautiful my childhood picture was___ my mother turned her head and gazed at my eyes, ‘has she seen me? ‘I do know that it’s a dream, no one has gazed at me this way.
She kissed my forehead gently, saying: ‘come along with me_____’
     My mother passed by, I followed her and went to the living room, where my parents and I used to watch TV together. My mom was sitting on the sofa, I also sat next to her and stared at her eyes, as she picked up a glass of beverage, her hands shook. She casted an eye on me saying, ‘I didn’t expect you come here that soon, I have only one month of deadline to conceal you____’ I supposed she was talking to someone else. I looked around surprisingly, but I saw no one. I whispered, ‘mom, do you hear me?’ she sipped the beverage, saying, ‘of course sweetie, but if only you hadn’t come that soon___’ 
      I asked: ‘I don’t understand, what’s going on?’ she put the glass on the table and said, ‘you are different from us, it might be hard to believe, but there is a truth in this world which is spinning constantly and we aren’t aware of it.’
     She put her hands on my hands, I was amazed by her words, she continued, ‘thousands of years ago you had a beloved; everyone was seeking to capture him, and after him every time you’d kill yourself or cause other people’s death. That is why your soul won’t be ever blessed, so you enter someone else’s body and live again. And no torture is comparable with living in this world____’
   She picked up the glass once more, sipped the drink and continued, ‘in fact humans’ life is constantly circulating, and they enter a new life after death, this is also true about you. Therefore, thanks to God, you have gained a series of hidden powers; although every one possess them without being aware. You wised up to make a logical decision this time.’
     I covered my face with my hands, I was even unable to wake up. My mom touched my face, saying, ‘You even owe this beauty to something you didn’t want to lose; it’s called love.’
     My mother took a step backward, raised her palms saying, ‘to save you from the one who intends to possess you, I ought to dissolve your power temporary. Remember that you must always hide yourself behind a mask.’ I got up and went backward, my mother said, ‘if you want to wake up, you ought to wake your childhood up; scream my daughter, wake yourself up______’
     All I wanted was to have a flashback to the past. I went toward my bedroom, my childhood bedroom, and screamed heartily to wake up, to awake both of us. A moment later I found myself in the car, I was right standing in front of the airport’s entrance door, I grabbed my bag and got off the car.  As I was getting off the car, I took a look at the waiting room; it was much more crowded than anywhere else. I felt as though the people of this city are seeking to escape, I might have been exaggerating though. When I took my wallet, the driver looked at me and said, ‘it’s already paid by those who you are about to visit.’
     I headed for the airport hall without saying a word, and sat on the metal chairs of the waiting room, waiting for the flight. This flight was supposed to take me to  dystopia, I didn’t know how to get the ticket, the only thing I could do was sitting on the metal chairs of the waiting room. I put my dreams together, and puzzled over them deeply. My dreams were quite real. My first dream was when I was promenading around the town and my soul left my body, after that I found myself in the factory, later I realized that the factory was ruined and its owner was tormented. 
     After waking up, I realized that a guy, who resembled the man of my dreams, has been looking for me; he was sweeping the factory floor.  I fell asleep again and inside my dream, I encountered a man who wanted to seize me.  Everywhere was like the streets of London in the past few centuries, I read the description of these streets in the books. And now I meet my mother in the taxi while she revealed an unbelievable secret. A guy who has been in love with me for years, is the one who has committed suicide, and the man who wants to seize me is the same as a person I had encountered in the streets of London. But the question is that where is he now?
      It’s as though whatever we see or hear in the present time is familiar to us, but we don’t know where and how we experienced them ____I was often in a place where I felt I’ve been there a long time ago. My mother used to say, ‘hide yourself behind a mask___’ this sentence was always whispering in my ear, but I didn’t know where it came from. I was thinking of my dreams that suddenly I was paged:
‘Mrs. Aylari to the reception.’
     They were paging me. I grabbed my purse and went to the reception. A girl with brown eyes and black hair smiled at me and said, ‘Are you Mrs. Aylari?’ 
‘Yes, it’s me. (I put away the mask to allow her see my face)’
She put the passport on the desk, took a look inside and then handed it to me, saying, ‘be careful not to miss the flight NO 99 to England, London. Don’t worry about your visa, it’s already done.’
     I took the passport, ticket, and a white envelope including some English pound. ‘Who are these people?! How they got access to my photo and prepared my visa and passport?’ Everything was suspicious. I passed through the departure gate, I had butterflies in my stomach, a voice from within was whispering, ‘Escape’, but I couldn’t, I had to go back where everything had started from there. London was where I had dreamed of, maybe the man who intends to seize me, is waiting for me in this city. I should have faced him, once forever___
     I got on the plane, I’ve always been dreaming of getting on the plane. When I sat next to the window I felt that I was watching a large prison and an unknown dignified person rescued me from this huge prison on bail.
     Without striving to win, I was leaving a country I wasn’t delighted with. London was a renowned historic city where its monuments were well preserved. The plane’s doors were shut and it was about to take off along the runway. At first, the pilot wished us a nice trip, then the flight attendants presented the necessary instructions about the oxygen mask, emergency doors and___ the plane was taking off on the edge of runway, I was scared stiff. ‘What is awaiting me?’ The plane flew and calm down very quickly in the sky surface. I felt that someone was watching me inside the plane.
      Three hours passed and everyone was asleep. I was afraid of sleeping. I couldn’t sleep well. Every time I fell asleep, I had a more frightening and realistic nightmare than before. I was tedious, my eyes were heavy with sleep. It was only two hours left and I should have kept myself awake. Unfortunately, my eyes were shut and I went to a deep sleep.



Chapter 2
People were running away from something. My clothes was a little burnt, the clothes that was made of white fabric, just like my former dream. I raised my head and saw the fire fluttering through the houses. When I looked around, I remembered my former dream, the beautiful city of London was burning in the fire, and the cries of women and children in the houses had filled the city. Tears flowed from my eyes. It was as if this nightmare wasn’t supposed to end.
     I was walking on a rocky bridge that had cut off the river. People were fleeing from the two sides, but I was amazed by the wrath of fire that was burning everything nearby. I don’t know why I felt wobbly, I guessed it was all my fault. A familiar voice began to whisper in my ears; the same voice I heard in my first dream.
‘Can you see how people are running away?!’
I walked toward the edge of the bridge, bended my face to the river and began to cry.
‘You are to blame for this terrible disaster, whenever the real love is taken from you or others intend to hand you to a  devilish person, who has become rich by people’s life and property, this fire swallows  everyone ____’
I cried ‘Why?’ why me? So many girls fizzle out in their relationships every day, so they are forced to marry someone they don’t love; why doesn’t anywhere catch fire? Why this is only happening to me, am I guilty? Why?’
‘Do you really want to know why your soul burns this city every time? So look at the water and see the truth ____’
I wiped the tears on my face and looked at the water, but there was nothing but a stream of water to see. I wanted to complain, though suddenly the color of water changed and someone pushed me into the water___
     I fell into the river and started to flounder. The rapid flow of water was leading me to a vague position, and I was constantly taking my head out of the water to breathe. Still, I wanted to wake up from this horrible nightmare, but to be aware of what was puzzling to me, I had to fight inside this nightmare. I couldn’t flounder anymore, the water was swallowing me inside. I was out of breath, I closed my eyes and let the water take me wherever it wanted.
     I felt someone’s hands on my clothes. He was grabbing my clothes to take me. Someone was rescuing me and I had no more air to keep inside my lungs. I opened my eyes and coughed. Everywhere was in blur. After blinking a few times I could see the surroundings. I was willing to see the one who had rescued me. He had such a familiar face that comforted me. He raised my head slowly and I moved my hand over his face. I don’t know why I felt so unflinching when I saw him. It was as if I had known him for ages.
‘Why something wrong happens when I don’t reach you every time? Why do I comfort after meeting you? Who are you? Why spending time with you means a lot to me? ‘
     A tall woman in a white dress was standing in front of us. Her red hair which was dyed in black at the bottom, had given her an incomparable beauty. She was watching us with an incredible beauty. I could see the halo of light around her. 
‘Did you find the answer of your question?’ She said calmly. ‘Now you figured out what awakened you?’
I looked at my beloved’s eyes and realized the love inside his eyes. A moment later our lips were locked together; a tranquility that I didn’t exchange it with anything else, because I was saved from the terrible nightmare. This kiss so comforted me that I didn’t want to wake up______

Chapter 3
I woke up with the pilot's voice, he wished success for the passengers. I didn’t feel like opening my eyes and getting rid of the tranquility and pleasure of that kiss. We had just arrived at the destination and the plane was about to land. I opened my eyes and looked around. The flight attendant leaned her head toward me and said, ‘It is time to land, please fasten your seat belt.’
     I fasten my belt and waited. The desire of getting to this city was incomparable to me. At that moment, nothing was as pleasurable as getting to London. I picked up my purse and got into the aisle that led passengers to the London airport lounge. I was waiting for a sign to find my way. But nobody called my name. I came out of the hall. I had a strange feeling. I don’t know why the city smelled my house, as if I belonged to it. I felt that I had seen everywhere before, but it was just a feeling, and I didn’t know anywhere.
     I should be looking for a shelter.  I decided to exchange my money in my own country but I realized that my money wasn’t valuable enough to do it so.  Consequently, I just brought some money. I figured out that my money can respond a one-night stay in the inn. I got on a taxi. I knew the language of this city well, I intimated the driver that I was looking for a cheap inn.  He nodded his head and drove away.
    I was thankful to be wide awake, when I remembered that young man, my heart would beat and I wanted to sleep again and see him, but I was afraid of nightmares. The London fire in those years was my fault _____ Thousands of homes were burnt in the fire, and the only thing I could do was to look at the flames of fire.
     The taxi driver stopped near a neighborhood, I watched around but there was no inn nearby. I asked him,‘where is here?’ 
He replied: ‘I’ve been told to bring you here.’ All that happened to me was unbelievable. Do they pay so much attention to each participant for a beauty contest?!
     I was standing in front of a high tower. It seemed to be at least forty years old, but its eye-catching exterior was of great worth.  When I entered the tower,   I was surrounded by a chic and pleasant atmosphere.  The floor was designed with shiny, white and brown ceramic stones. The small lights that I guessed to be 'reflectors' were set on the ceiling. The white walls perfectly matched the ceramic stones. But which floor should I go to? I was completely confused and froze with surprise. At the same time, a pretty woman with a beautiful face and style was approaching. Her blonde hair and her mesmerizing eyes had created a beautiful contradiction. She looked at me and said, ‘this city isn’t as polluted as the city you lived in before, take your mask.’ she was wearing a beautiful dress just like mine ____ I said unwittingly, ‘are you here to participate in the contest?’ she laughed and said, ‘Of course not.  Is a contest supposed to be held here?’
I was a bit confused and asked, ‘But I’ve been told that______’
     She didn’t let me finish my words, she laughed and took me to the elevator. As the elevator was rising, she said, ‘Well, I have to confess that the owner of this club has lied to you, usually they  gather  the prettiest girls from other parts of the world to provide them with good jobs ; based on to their interest, some of them become the club dancer, some enter the realm of modeling, and the rest will be smuggled  to other countries to be at the service of rich people;  the latest one  didn’t happen very much in the past few years’, though’
     I clung to the metal walls of the elevator, a sweat cold appeared on my forehead. I whispered, ‘how about the beauty contest?’
     She laughed again and said: ‘it will be held in China this year, didn’t you know that?’
‘Come along with me  to turn you into a global model _____’
The elevator stopped on the thirteenth floor. We both went through a narrow corridor. My heart was beating quickly; ‘I never thought I’d be such a fool. I didn’t even know her, but I followed her in the first encounter. What was really going to happen?! Why didn’t I investigate about the contest? I was so enthusiastic that I had forgotten all my sensitivity. Should I return home now?’
     I had come here for the sake of the beauty contest. While I was immersed in fear, I was only hopeful of God’s blessing. We stood in front of a wooden door. She knocked on the door twice. A few minutes later, a girl with glasses opened the door, and embraced the woman next to me smiling. It was as though they hadn’t seen each other for years.
      The girl in glasses had tied her hands together and was staring at us with a cute smile, as she was jumping enthusiastically, said, ‘Lana, why were you late? Smith has been waiting for you, they are supposed to select us tonight____’
Lana sighted and sat on the sofa. She was fanning herself with her hand. She was so phlegmatic that she couldn’t answer the girl with glasses.
‘Don’t panic. He was supposed to invite the politicians of different countries this afternoon.’
I interrupted them asking, ‘are Irana’s politicians included as well?’
They both burst into laughing, I don’t know if my sentence was funny.
Sandra said laughing, ‘of course they are not. They try to be histrionic in public, but in fact__’
      Lana added: ‘keep it as a secret, but one of the investors of this congress is from Irana, although they seem to consider the whole world as their own enemy, they are in alliance with all.’
I sat on the settee and held my head between my hands. These sentences weren’t strange to me, and I've heard a lot about the authorities who have hands in huge businesses.
I asked, ‘is England involved in this contract?!’
     Sandra sat down next to me and said, ‘obviously not _____If you reveal this, everyone thinks the UK is involved in these contracts, and it would be a blemish on its reputation.’ The dirty rabble- rousing policies of other countries made me nervous. The people of these countries are always the victims of the terrible acts of these politicians. Somebody was knocking on the door; the same way Lana did. Sandra opened the door again. A short man with his hair in a ponytail and normal face entered. He was shocked by seeing me and said, ‘Who are you?’ Lana laughed and said, ‘This girl thought the beautiful contest takes place here, but I told her that she was wrong_____’
 ‘I hope that everything goes on well, since the representatives of the politicians will come here tonight_______’
Lana wondered, ‘don’t they come themselves?’
The man rubbed his neck and said, ‘unfortunately, all the politicians are supposed to send their representatives this year, except one of them__’
Sandra asked, ‘and who is that one?’
    ‘Representative of Irana _____’
Lana put her hand on her forehead and said, ‘don’t they really want to show themselves this year?’
‘That is why everyone sends his representative__ ‘
 Lana laughed and  told me, ‘don’t you really want to introduce yourself to us?’
She was both laughing and wondering at the same time____ the man turned to Lana and said, ‘how you brought along someone who you don’t know her name?’
I smiled and said, ‘I am Sana Aylari from Irana, I’m here to participate in the beauty contest, not in the human’ trafficking_____’
 ‘I'm also Smith, I'm in charge of holding the trafficking contests______’
     I got up from the sofa, and walked over the windows of the hall. Now I had to investigate a little bit about the trafficking contest because I didn’t like to be sold under any circumstances. I was constantly comforting myself by remembering Lana’s words, and I hoped that this competition would be held to select models. While they were all busy talking together, I saw a series of paper and folders on the table beside the window. I took a look at them. I was peeking out their movements, so that they couldn’t understand me. I opened the folder and looked at the list.
     The forenames and surnames of the well-known and influential politicians were on the list. I took a photo from the list with my phone and arranged everything again as before. Now I should check their names, but before that I wanted to go out and look at the streets.  The streets that smelled familiar.
     Those three were so busy talking that they didn’t notice my dressing up. I grabbed my old loose coat and made a quick exit.  While I was walking toward the elevator, no slightest noise was heard from the apartments. I pushed the elevator button and waited. I was waiting for the elevator, suddenly a black woman came out of one of the apartments. The woman asked me to keep the elevator’s door open. I got into the elevator and held my hand in front of the sensor.           When she locked the door, she thanked me and stood next to me. She was a black woman and a little overweight.  Judging by her appearance, I realized she is a Muslim. While the elevator was going down, I asked her, ‘Are you a Muslim?’ (I added, without waiting for her answer), are you bothered by the police or people because of your hijab? ‘
She said, ‘I guess you're a traveler__ obviously not____’
     “These are only false propaganda that are carried out in some countries,  to show people  that  they don’t have any security outside their country,  most of this building’s residents are Muslim, you shouldn’t accept anything, unless you see  it with your own eyes _____’
     The elevator reached the ground floor, and we both waved goodbye. I came out of the tower and walked on the beautiful sidewalks of the city of London, with the same beautiful architecture that I had seen in the photos. The most populous city in Europe with twelve million populations and a rich history of two hundred and thirty-year-olds enticed everyone. A city full of beautiful museums, but I only wanted to see the river of my dreams, which I was about to drown in; Thames river.
     I decided to walk to the London Bridge. This distance wasn’t long for someone like me, especially as I was supposed to walk in such a beautiful and historic city. I loved my country and I was proud of myself to live in such a country. A country with a rich history and civilization that cannot be found anywhere in the world. But unfortunately, my country’s authorities and politicians didn’t have much diplomacy to rule it, and it really bothered me, especially since I had to compare my country with other countries.
      Even The Museum of London was full of my country’s monuments; though it didn’t upset me. If they were in my own country, I didn’t know what might happen to them. I sat next to a red telephone box. My eyes were filled with tears. I don’t know why my country was at war with the whole world, and this has made life hard for its people, wasn’t the story of Soviet history cautionary enough for it?
      I cleared my throat and went on my way. I followed the path on my cellphone. I decided to walk along the river. I dabbed the large rocks on the wall beside the river, I closed my eyes to hold back my tears.
     This time, I heard women and children’s screams. I opened my eyes and found myself in the flames. People were throwing themselves into the river. This was the peak of madness. I never dreamed of having this terrible nightmare in awakening. I closed my eyes and dabbed them. When I opened them, I returned to the same place. I turned my head and looked around. Everything was normal. I've been here before.  I was standing by the River Thames terrifying. A girl with black hair, who was shorter than me, was coming toward me. I beckoned to her. When she got closer, I asked, ‘Madam, do you know about the history of this city?
She smiled and said, ‘Yes, but it’s not complete.’
‘Has this city ever had a terrible fire?’
She rubbed her chin slightly, and answered my question with a surprising look: ‘a few times __’
‘Why are you asking such a question?’
I answered her question honestly and told her of my dreams, we sat down on a bench together.
 ‘how interesting___ what you say is the same as the fire of 1666, it was said that it started at a bakery, and then the flames spread everywhere, of course there were other fires before, but I don’t know their reasons ; we  haven’t had  a huge fire ever since.’

I gripped my hair, the woman was surprised by my chaotic face and called me a few times, since I didn’t answer; she left me in fear of her life. I couldn’t believe that fire has happened several times. The city of London had caught fire in different times, and I constantly had the nightmare of the last fire. My being could cause another fire; it was really eating me. I must leave the country as soon as possible. My being was more dangerous than what I thought. I rose from my place and leaned on a short wall along the river with fluttering hands. A short wall that was as high as my half- height and was an obstacle between me and Themes River.
     Maybe I'd seen a lot of bridges along the way, but London Bridge was a reminder of my last nightmare. I should stand over it and look around again. I remember that several buildings were built on the bridge with a beautiful performance in my nightmare. These thoughts were passing through my mind that I reached The Great Bridge of London on the Thames River. I walked on the bridge and counted my steps. I should stand exactly where I was in the nightmare and look at the river. Maybe I'll figure out who threw me into the river.
     When I stood on the bridge, I looked at the buildings and closed my eyes. I was waiting for a nightmare, but nothing happened. I repeated it again, but it didn’t make any difference.
I stood next to the bridge like my nightmare, bending slightly to gaze at the water, and again I closed my eyes, but nothing happened. Suddenly someone said behind me, ‘are you looking for someone?’ I got creepy. A man with long beard and smoky glasses stood in front of me, wearing a brown leather coat with white pants. His circular glasses reminded me of the character of Harry Potter, He approached me and said, ‘Did you miss me?’
     He took off his glasses and stared at me with his black eyes; He was real, all my nightmares were real.  He was the man who wanted to seize me under any circumstances. The man who drove me to his carriage. Now he had hidden his horrible face behind his bushy long beard. How did he dare to approach me in this public place?
      He stood by my side and looked at the river. If anyone was in my shoes, he’d run away or pass out of fear. Though, I don’t know why I was intrepid against him. We both laid our hands on the stone next to the river and watched the sunshine. After a few minutes, he broke the silence and said, ‘I’ve been looking for you for almost 400 years, but I never found you, even a young man who fell in love couldn’t find you either ___’
‘400 years?!’
     He laughed at my question and said, ‘obviously, nobody lives that long, since every time I died, my soul entered a new body but my memories never died.’
I didn’t understand what he was saying.
     He ridiculously laughed and said, ‘Those people whose soul hasn’t attained salvation, are doomed to live in this mortal world forever. We’ve been cursed by the people of this country, look at them ____’
     He pointed to those who were riding on the cruise ship and continued, ‘Look how happy they are_____ it's been around four centuries that this city hasn’t caught fire, just because you haven’t  been here, they managed to  make progress and construct their city.’
I approached him and asked, ‘You mean I caused the city’s fire?’
He looked at me and said, ‘you caused it, but it was my fault____ (He paused)
  ‘If only I could tell you the truth, but I cannot____ you are in charge of it___________ in charge of knowing the truth___’
I walked around him and stood on  his left side , looked at the river and said, ‘ This time I remembered everything _____’
     He turned to me and stared at me with amazement, I continued: ‘I remembered that I was gazing at the river's water at this point when someone pushed me into it _____’
‘How is it possible,’ he said while still looking at me. ‘The world we are inside is like an inverse world, and when we die, all our memories die with us___’
‘did you throw me into the river?’
 He nodded his head without saying a word.
I asked, ‘How do you do that? I mean continuous repetition of life without losing your memories?’ 
 ‘It doesn’t matter___’
  As he was leaving, he waved his hand laughing, ‘if you don’t want the people of this city burn in fire, be prepared tonight____’
And he went away without looking at his back _____ 
     A gentle breeze blew and caressed my face and hair, a struggle between chaos and calmness was running inside me, but I still believed in God’s mercy and forgiveness. I didn’t believe that these people would curse me. I walked to the tower and puzzled over my concerns. There was no place for doubt, all my dreams were coming true. I gazed at the beautiful sunset and I deplored why I was born. 
     ‘Why someone wanted to seize me by compulsion and I inadvertently fell in love with someone else?’  Everything will be determined tonight in the Grenfell Tower.
I was full of curiosity.  The man who I was in love with, was no longer alive, and this time, if making out with another man rescues this city from fire, I’ll agree; even I hate him. I knew myself and if I was aware of the probability of the fire in my previous life, I would never let it happen. But I didn’t realize how I remembered everything in this life, and how I gained my powers????? And most importantly how my mother knew everything? Who was the beautiful young woman whose hair was red? All of these questions were reviewing in my mind and only passage of time could specify everything.
     Night approached, and I stood in front of the Grenfell Tower, but I didn’t dare to enter. When I turned back, I was afraid more than before. The people and children’s countenance was more frightening than anything else, it reminded me of the horrible scenes of my nightmare.
     But it was no longer a nightmare. Indeed, it was a bitter truth about London's history.
I entered the tower, everything seemed to be normal, but it also seemed that an incident was about to happen. I took a look at the list on my phone while I was inside the elevator. There were a lot of names in the list, but a name that resembled the usual names of the people of my country, attracted my attention. He was the representative of Irana, but his forename was English.
     The name "Brayan Etemadifar" attracted my attention. The elevator stopped and the door opened. Looking at the narrow corridor, I didn’t see anything suspicious. I entered the corridor and looked around thoroughly; no slightest sound was heard. I stood in front of Lana's apartment and knocked on the door secretively .The door was opened at once, somebody grabbed my collar and threw me into the house. 
    When I entered the house, Sandra was scared, she closed the door behind me. She was puffing heavily and couldn’t speak. I was afraid of her behavior. I took her hand and sat her on the sofa. I slapped on her face slowly and followed her eyes. She put her head on my chest unwittingly and wept tears. I fondled her and said, ‘Don’t worry, I'm here ____’
     She said weeping, ‘They took Lana __ a Mexican ___ took her by force _____and said, ‘I’ll turn you into my Lolita doll______’ I didn’t believe it_____ behind the bedroom door____ I was hiding ____’
 She was bawling, I couldn’t stop her tears. I have to do something. I asked, ‘Where's Lana?’
‘Right here ___on the last floor___ we have to run away.’
I raised her face from my chest and gazed at her eyes. 
‘Run away__ I'm going to rescue Lana.’
     I dressed up. I wasn’t a person of heroic actions, but it wasn’t enough ___taking people's lives and burning houses should end_____ Now that I know about my past, I have to compensate ____


Chapter 4
I came out of the apartment and walked to the elevator quickly, after waiting for the elevator to arrive, I entered it and pressed the last floor button.  As the elevator was rising from the floors, my eyes followed the floors’ buttons.  I seemed to be intrepid, but I was scared inside.  Fear made me quaver inwardly.
     The elevator stopped at the last floor and the door opened, I entered a corridor that was kind of the same as the previous corridor. I counted my steps and waited for one of the doors to be opened, but nothing happened. I stood at the end of the corridor and stared at the white lights above my head. I saw a small CCTV, keeping me under surveillance on the corner of the corridor. I turned around and let it watch me well. Right after this, a door opened. I could recognize the sound of the music and the disco within the house. I gained all my courage and entered the house. The door was closed behind me. The sound of music, disco, and the girls who were dancing madly terrified me. I was always afraid of a neat appearance, since I assumed it will be followed by a horrible event.
     The hall was so big that I felt at least 100 people are gathered inside it. I saw the people who were watching the girls with golden metal masks on their faces, the walls were full of symbols of the devil's sect, and among the music the horrible screams of the girls were heard as if they were being tortured. Suddenly, someone tied me up. As I wanted to scream, he threw a pill in my throat and then left me. I fell on the ground and started coughing, but it didn’t make sense, I had swallowed it.
 I felt dizzy when I got up. Everything seemed to be altered. 
‘Close your eyes __close your eyes ___’
I must have done something, but I had no way but closing my eyes. 
      After a few moments, I was able to see my surroundings. I didn’t hear any music. I couldn’t believe to see everything vividly with closed eyes. I was obsessed by an undiscovered power, which was originated from my nature. This power enables me to see everything clearer.  Regarding the third eye; it was written in a book, ‘the ancient Egyptians used to carve an eye, which was right in the connection of two spheres of the brain and between the two eyebrows, on all their works. ‘Although my eyes were poisoned with that medication, my third eye still had its strength.’
     Now I realized that my mother was going to exterminate this power in those years, and I was so fool that I didn’t notice it. If I could see anyone's nature with this clarity, I wouldn’t trust anyone anymore. And if people noticed my strange behaviors; this would make me notorious, and I’d be captivated by that cruel man sooner than I imagine. My mother isn’t alive to see how her daughter is about to sacrifice herself for the sake of the people who had only been half a day with, or for a girl named Lana to rescue her from the Mexican man.
      Human beings don’t know that God has granted them an ability to distinguish evil and goodness. If these people were aware of their ability, they wouldn’t worship Satan anymore. They were all surrounded by a halo of darkness. But I believed that Lana’s heart is filled with affection and she could be survived from this tumult. 
     I entered the hall with closed eyes, where the girls were dancing madly. They didn’t notice their ridiculous dance, only they were shaking their fingers as a symbol of Satanism .I looked at them, but I didn’t see Lana's face among them.  By the clock, it was midnight. I felt I’ve been here before, because the faces of the girls who were dancing were familiar to me. Suddenly, a light pervaded everywhere, I held my hand in front of my eyes, a moment later I removed my hand. Everything around me changed unexpectedly. It was as though I was transferred to somewhere else.
     I was inside a wooden cottage, with the difference that it was full of wooden tables and happy girls who were singing and dancing on the tables. It seemed to be a bar or pub. I was dressed up as rural girls. In the middle of the girls, a long- faced boy was sweeping the floor of the cottage.  He captured my attention and I walked toward him. No one was paying attention to him. When I reached him, his sweeper hit my shoes, he apologized and bent to clean the dust on my shoes without raising his head, but I raised him up. He looked into my eyes. He was the same guy who was sweeping the factory floor. 
I had seen him in my dream_____
     A moment later everything changed .I was in the present time. I didn’t believe that the girls who were victims of this party, were singing and dancing just a few centuries ago in simple outfits. Even if I travel backward in time again, it isn’t still worth living, unless a change happens. Among these girls, someone drew my attention, but ‘why did he commit suicide?!’ 
 He resembled someone who I had fallen in love with and had saved me from the river. I was totally confused_____
      Looking for Lana among the dancers was quite futile, I would have been looking for her among the politicians’ representatives. But if they choose me, I can’t escape anymore. I sat by the wall and looked carefully at the crowd of 12 people. Each of them had a girl next to, with a golden mask on their faces, and none of them had a clear image. One was very terrifying among them, wearing a black leather suit. He was surrounded by darkness. Maybe he was that Mexican man, maybe I could persuade him to reveal where Lana is.
       I walked toward him, suddenly, an inner voice prevented me from doing so, but it was too late. I stood in front of a man who I could easily see his terrible nature. A girl was sitting on his leg, he beckoned to me and asked me to sit on his leg too. I had no other way to save Lana. When I sat down, he stared at my eyes and said, ‘Are you blind?’
I nodded my head ___a moment later, I hit on a solution._____
 I moved my hand to show him I intend to say something. He realized what I wanted to say.
He cackled and said, ‘Do you want Lana?’
 I nodded my head in agreement. He laughed again saying, ‘don’t look for her, as soon as she realized who I am, she hanged herself.’
     I was left speechless, he was the representative of my country. Of all the people inside the salon, he was the nastiest, and perhaps his presence had caused the rest of the politicians to send their representatives.  He was the biggest girls’ trafficker of my country. If he realizes that I’m not blind and can speak and, most importantly, I am from Irana, he won’t leave me alone.
     I crossed my legs at once and pretended as if I had the call of nature, Brayan was also indifferent toward a blind and dumb girl, and he pushed me away for the fear of shitting on his expensive suit. I hid myself from Brayan’s eyes. I felt relieved and thought, ‘what should I do?! Should I escape?!’
      If the threat of a person who wanted to seize me comes true, the people of this city will meet its forfeiture. What could have burned the whole city? I should have escaped. I went to the exit and took the handle, but when I looked behind, I found a sense of compassion for the girls. Maybe a terrible fate awaited them. I went back to the hall again. The politicians’ representatives had worn anti tear- gas masks this time. What did they want to do?!
      The white gas came out of the airflow valves. The girls didn’t notice the gas as everyone was dancing. Psychedelic and narcotic drugs had impacted upon them. I ran toward the exit to escape. I don’t know how much I attracted their attention with running, but escaping was the last way to be saved. 
     I grabbed the handle and tried it, as soon as the door opened, I came across the familiar face of my nightmare. A man who had threatened the inhabitants of London to a massacre on The London Bridge, but I saw his face half in fire and half in devil. He looked at me with amazement, I opened my eyes unwittingly, and at that very moment the gas entered my lungs__
I fainted away_______
     I didn’t want to open my eyes, but what I saw was the most horrific experience of my life.
More horrible than the nightmare I was inside_________


Chapter 5
The wooden bridge was burning and sinking, and the people were burning in the fire alive. This was The Great Fire of Southwark, which devoured three thousand people.  No more scream was heard, since the people were breathless.
     I was watching the burning of the city on a lush high hill. I felt someone’s warm hands on my shoulder. I turned my head, gazed at my beloved’s eyes. Maybe I have never seen him in reality, but I wanted to be in his arms inside my dreams.  He was dressing just like my first dream. 
He whispered against my ear, ‘this love is worth this fire___’
I asked him quietly as I leaned my head against his shoulders: ‘What do you mean?’
 ‘Salvador gathered everyone to look for you, he gave them some torches and made them to look for you all day long.’
‘These torches burned the city.’
I asked, ‘who is Salvador?’
He replied, ‘your father___’
Was my father looking for me all the time? He’s been trying to find me all the time, but I escaped from my own father?
I opened my eyes and found myself inside a glass chamber. There was no sound __They had golden masks outside the glass chamber. I wanted my father.
 I cried: "Father_____
"Father____
 But nobody could hear my sound. The men were bidding on me. I realized that they intent to buy me. My legs shook and I fell down on the chamber floor. There were several holes in the glass chamber, passing through the plastic tubes. I should look for a solution and escape from this tumult, I couldn’t hear anything inside the chamber. I gazed at the trafficking ceremony. They were constantly bidding on me. My legs were shuddering, I was lying on the floor.
 The door was opened______
     Two men entered in disguise. They grabbed my arms and took me out. They blindfolded me. After a few moments of scrabbling, they threw me on a corner. I rolled on a rigid stone. Someone put her hand on my arms, and opened my blindfold. I saw someone who I though had died a few moments ago. We hugged each other and burst into crying. I lifted my head from Lana's shoulder and gazed at her wet eyes saying, ‘I supposed you were dead!’
 She couldn’t stop crying, ‘We're already dead. If I had dared to do it, I’d have killed myself sooner.’ Although we weren’t in a good position, we were both happy to see each other. I couldn’t clear my throat.
‘Someone introduced himself as Brayan and said, ‘you hanged yourself.’’
 She said, ‘everyone places himself as Brayan for the fear of not being identified’ I looked around and asked, ‘where are we?’
‘Fortunately we are in Grenfell Tower.’ as long as we are here, everything is all right, but as soon as they move us to somewhere else___
     When I opened my eyes, I was expecting another fire, but I had sat on a green hill under a tree with cherry blossoms. Maybe I was dead?! Perhaps it was only a dream?! A dream before turning into a tool for the dark-hearted and powerful people_____
 How beautiful were the wings of the butterflies_______ I had never seen such beauty. The sea was calm and blue in front of me, and this scenery was carrying half of the fortune.
‘It’s beautiful, isn’t it?’
      I turned my head, she was the same woman I had seen in my dream. Her red hair was so long that it was spread over the grass around her. Her beautiful face, her black eyes and eyebrows had created a contrast with the bottom of her hair. She was so bewitching that I wanted to dye my hair the way she did, after getting rid of this tumult.
     She was in a solid blue silk dress which resembled her eyes. I’ve never been staring at anyone that way. All I could do was to nod my head in reply .She looked into my eyes saying, ‘you may become conscious in no time, don’t you want to tell anything?’
‘Why I was born in Irana instead of London? Why didn’t you tell me that man was my father? What’s the matter?’
     She laughed and said, ‘There isn’t enough time to answer all these questions, I’m not allowed to tell you anything. if you’ve already identified  him as your father, it’s because you didn’t escape and attempted to  save your friend; what you did  after seven years of  reincarnation for the first time, and all the previous  six times you only escaped . Because you were a narcissist.____ (watching the waves, she turned her head)’
To be continued_____
     ‘After the last fire in 1666 AD, you wished to be born in a country where its people are more depressed and sorrowful than anywhere else, and if another fire repeats, it will easily be erased from the minds of its people after a while. Because they have so many troubles that they ignore the fire with a single condolences.’
‘And when your reincarnation ends?’
      She walked down the hill. On the middle of the path, she stopped and said, ‘whenever you find your real love, he’ll complete you, and your soul will be forgiven.’
At the very moment, a storm blacked out everywhere, I covered my face.
     I opened my eyes and saw the ceiling of the room I was inside.  I got up and looked around astonishing_____ there was no one there. ‘What happened to Lana?’ I became more and more worried than before, until the door was opened.
     The dim light had lighten the room. I walked slowly toward the light, although it was likely to be a trap. I didn’t care since I had nothing to lose. I got into the hall and saw things I couldn’t believe. The hall was full of balloons and papers sticking on the walls with red ribbons. I could read my name on the wall; I was speechless. Everything was stranger than what I imagined. I heard a voice from saying, ‘I can’t believe that you are here____’
     I turned my head; he was the man I had seen in my dreams, the one who saved me from the river.
     He hugged me_____ 
     How I believed a crazy man who reported his suicide news? Why did I believe a man’s words who had been imprisoned in his abandoned factory all the while? I was wrong___ what I had seen in my first dream dates back to centuries ago. The picture of a wooden cottage with a man sweeping inside; I fell in love with him at the first sight.
Am I still dreaming?  Is this birthday party a dream? I wanted to wake up and go to my little room in Irana, walk in the narrow streets of my hometown and dance secretly____ I wanted to take loads of selfies with my phone______ these cheap thrills were much better than horrible nightmares.
     ‘Dear Sana, today is your birthday. Don’t you want to celebrate it with us?’
I held my head with my hands saying, ‘I’m not sure_____’ I’m not sure yet ______’
I was astonished. He walked toward me saying, ‘your doctor has just released you from the hospital, he told that you are feeling much better.’
‘My doctor??’
‘That's right _____you’d better forget about it, you're by my side now______ forget all nightmares______’
 I said, ‘how do you know?’
      He smiled and said, ‘you have the nightmare of the fire every night, you suppose that a man wants to possess you and you believe that you are living in the saddest country of the world, so that you ought to travel to London____’
‘You mean they were all in my nightmare? How about the voices I heard? The woman with red hair? My ability to see people’s real nature?  Are they all a nightmare? ‘
His eyes were goggling____ he walked toward me saying, ‘they are only illusions, you are mine___’
My eyes were aching. I closed them, rubbed them for a while, and then opened them ____
suddenly, the image of the same man I saw in my dreams, appeared before my eyes___ the man who took me to the carriage____
      I looked around, I was in the carriage_____ I was moving away with a man who seemed to be my father, ‘You belong to me’ remember that __’
And just like before, the carriage went over a rock, we were jolted forward .He paused and continued_____
‘Remember that everybody uses this sentence to possess you___ just be careful____ don’t fool this time.’
I shook my head, opened and closed my eyes______ I came back to the room. 
He said, ‘is everything ok darling ___?’
I laughed and said, ‘yes sweetheart. Nothing has happened, I only feel a little bit dizzy because of oversleeping.’
     He also laughed and walked toward the cake he had prepared for me. I followed him and sat on the sofa next to him. He picked up the big knife next to the cake, looked at me and said, ‘Happy birthday honey___’ 
I was scared, he gave me the knife, and I began to cut the cake. As I was cutting the cake, I noticed a piece of black clothes right next to my leg; I was a piece of Lana’s clothes_______
      I was shocked by seeing it, but I preferred to behave naturally. I was so stupid that I believed his words once more.  I held the knife firmly in my hands and waited for an opportunity; he was more conscious than ever. At this moment, somebody knocked on the door.  I used the opportunity and plunged the knife into his stomach, but it wasn’t enough______
     He held the knife while his hands were full of blood. He was such a cool-headed guy that I couldn’t imagine. I was different from my past this time. I dropped the knife and jumped to the other side of the room over the table. He had held the knife in his hand, coming toward me saying, ‘I love you, why did you do it, are you crazy?’
      The entrance door broke, and the man who I called him my father, entered the room. I immediately jumped and hid behind him. I whispered against my dad's ear, ‘Daddy __ beat him___ don’t let him possess your daughter____’
     My father turned his head smiling and walked toward him, as if he had been waiting for such a moment for thousands of years. My father attacked him with no weapons. ‘The sense of security was the most beautiful feeling in the world _____ Girls experience this sense when they are next to their fathers.’
Suddenly I heard a voice ___ someone was calling me from the corridor______
‘Sana! Sana!’
I turned my head back and saw Lana on that side of the corridor. I ran toward her and said, ‘What has happened to you? Are you ok?’
She was in the torn clothes, gasping with wet eyes, ‘I don’t have much time to explain’
She pointed to my father and said, ‘this man helped me, now the girls are downstairs, we don’t know what to do ___’
    Shaking her hands continuously, she said, ‘all those bastards were imprisoned in the room,
I think they have called for help____’ 
     I noticed a box of alcohol. I hit on a solution____ I put my hand on Lana's shoulder and said, ‘ring all the bells and ask everyone to leave the tower___ there is only one way to get rid of these bastards___-
     Lana nodded her head in agreement and walked down the stairs without saying anything. I headed for the bottles of alcohol and started to open them. The sound of the conflict between my father and that guy was rising. After opening the bottles, I began to pour them on the walls and doors. I dropped some of the bottles under the doors to be poured inside the houses. Everywhere in the corridor was covered in alcohol, except the apartment that my father was inside. 
      I rang all the bells to ensure that nobody is on this floor. I had to help my dad. When I got inside the apartment, they were both injured. My father was more tedious than what I imagined, but he had such a motivation that made him a thousand times stronger.  He took a peek at me and shouted, ‘You're still here? Runaway _____I'll beat Brayan myself____’
‘Brayan! Was he Brayan?!  The representative of Irana?’
Brayan laughed and said, ‘why don’t you tell your daughter the truth!’
      Brayan paused and  took a look at me saying, ‘Your father has sold his soul to Satan, instead of knowing about each reincarnation that has happened to him______ Of course I did it too, but this is the last time___ the 7th step_____’
      My father took a peek at me and said,’ I was forced because of you ______and I was never allowed to express it _____ it was my fault that London  caught fire in 1335; since I had seen this person’s nature. But my daughter ______ love had blinded you_____   You walked out on your mother and I for the sake of your love_____’
I touched my eyes gently saying, ‘What about my eyes?’
     Brayan attacked my father and punched on his face, but my father beat on his penis with his elbow, and smote him mightily. 
‘That’s right____ my daughter____ you inherited your eyes from me after forty generations_____ and it is God’s grant to see the truth____’
      He was sitting on Brayan’s chest and punching on his face ___ I tried to stop him and said, ‘Leave him alone_ he must burn____’ 
My father took a lighter from his pocket and said, ‘His burning is the end of this reincarnation ___the end of this false love is the end of everything _____’
Suddenly, my dad sighed _____
Blood oozed slowly from the corner of his mouth___
     Brayan plunged the knife, which was filled with blood and cake, into my father’s beside____
My father took my hand with his bloody hand saying, ‘Finding true love is the remission of my soul ___’
     Brayan picked up the knife again and plunged it into my father’s chest this time _____My father fell on the ground and passed away______
In this situation, I should have hugged my father, but I had fallen on the ground. I was moving backward. I held my hand on my mouth and wept tears_____ I had no control over myself. I couldn’t breathe.
Time was flying______
 Brayan was badly injured, trying to remove my father's body from his chest. He wanted to catch me. I got up and ran toward the corridor. The alcohol bottles were empty. The floor was slippery.  On the way stairs, I glided a few times, but each time I got up and went on my way. Along the elevator, there was a stairway for the emergency exit, the same stairway Lana had gone through. When I stood next to the elevator, I looked behind.
     Brayan was almost in the middle of the corridor. I held the lighter in my hand and flicked it. It caught________. He wanted to beg, but his pride didn’t allow him to do it so.
‘Drop the lighter, let me accompany you in the next life___ I won’t be satisfied, as long as I possess you____’
     I simpered and said, ‘this is the end of your reincarnation_____ didn’t you hear what my father said? ‘Burning you is the end of your reincarnation, not only you, but also those who follow your way__’
‘Your next journey would be absolute purgatory____’
      I dropped the lighter. The flames of fire reached Brayan. He looked into my eyes with regret and anger. He neither screamed. He flamed up at one glance____
     The smoke alarms were activated. I didn’t have enough time to watch him. I had to get out of the building ___ I went down the stairs quickly. Right in front of one of the doors, I saw Lana’s body falling on the ground with a bullet inside her chest. The smoke reached downstairs. All I could do for Lana was to close her eyelids. I covered my mouth and walked down the stairs. The girls were waiting on the ground floor and were scared to go out. When they saw me, they helped me to get out of the building.
 It was such a relief that the representatives of the politicians didn’t survive the fire, otherwise the girls weren’t here now.  We got out of Grenfell tower .I turned my head and saw a historical scene. The tower was burning in the fire. I preferred the tower to catch fire than the city. It was a choice of bad and the worse, and I courageously did that; what I didn’t do in the previous reincarnations.
     All the streets were full of police and fire fighters. There was no longer a place for concern and fear. I sat down on a bench and watched the tower along with the girls. One of them said, ‘What is going to happen now?’ Another said, ‘they will look for us or bother our family members instead ___’ one of them began to cry_______
     I got up and blew the dust off my knee ____I walked a few steps toward her and said, ‘No one will look for you___ because we will be finding them _____we have to burn  all of them so that nobody can ever burn the girls of our land. A land whose name was England and its city was London___ here is my rendezvous, not a country with depressed and disabled people_______
          We were all gazing at the fire, because it turned out to be the manifestation of  our courage ________ none of us was regretted, since we knew that those who gained money and power by brutality are to blame the real fire.
     Still among them, the nastiest one had survived, the one who killed Lana and escaped. I’ll be looking for him and I won’t be relieved as long as I find him.
 
To be continued______
