




THE FARANG
a novel




by
Mile Mitrov









THE FARANG
Published by Mile Mitrov
Copyright 2015 Mile Mitrov
Distributed by Smashwords


The events and characters in this book are fictitious. Certain real locations and historical figures are mentioned, but all other characters and events described in the book are totally imaginary.








TABLE OF CONTENTS:
Acknowledgements
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Epilogue
About the author
Author's note










PROLOGUE



The crashing of the waves against the hull is making the heavy oak beams, the width of a church columns, twist and turn like young willow twigs in the wind. The lucky ones that managed to grab a hold of something that’s nailed down are gripping down hard trying to stay alive with the last ounce of strength in their bodies. The unlucky ones are flying through the air from one side of the hull to the other, hitting the thick planks and bouncing off breaking their bones and twisting their necks. Large strong men now look like the rag dolls of small child. The Esperanza now looks like a restless little girl that is jumping around and throwing her dolls in the air to see how far she can do it. The screaming of the poor men is silenced only by the thundering rumble of the crashing waves. What they are experiencing now is the mother of all storms.
He is hugging the post near the entrance to the ship’s hold as tight as he can. When they first saw that the storm is coming fast most of his shipmates didn’t think it would be serious and they were making jokes how this ship, the biggest ever built in the history of Spain, could endure even through the wrath of God and that she is even stronger than Noah’s arch. They just went down to the sleeping quarters to continue their drinking. Now he is looking how his comrades are being pummeled by the ship that was their home for the past two months. These men had become his friends, together they had travelled farther than anyone they knew had ever travelled before. He closes his eyes, no longer wanting to be a witness to his friends’ terrible fate, and to try to regain a sense of balance because the ship is swinging so drastically from side to side that he almost comes to a vertical, the swell of the sea is so great that it’s threatening to crush them all to pieces. 
A piece of a chain link hits his face, and he opens his eyes to the sight of the large bronze cannon flying across the hold and crashing through the plank skin taking two men along, and leaving only a large black gaping hole. ‘This is it. We’re doomed. Dear God, we’re going down.’
All the cannons have come undone from their heavy iron chains that held them in place and found their way out of the ship, each taking a piece of her skin with it. Just as his consciousness is escaping him, water rushes inside and she is gone, The Esperanza has come to the end of her journey. 
..... ‘I’m in the water? How? Where? Where are the others?’.....
..... The sky is clear again. ‘Thank god it’s over. Don’t let go of the plank..... Must hold on, I have to…. ’
He had come out of consciousness and gone back under who knows how many times by now. In all the deliriousness somehow he had managed to keep hold of the plank. Without a sense of time or distance passed, bruised and battered, he washes up on a beach. The hot sun is burning his corneas and all he can see is the outline of a small head with white hair standing over him. The old man pours a few gulps of fresh water in his mouth. “Where are the others?” his voice barely a whisper through his cracked lips, and he falls out of consciousness again.



******



The Esperanza sailed out of the San Sebastian port on the 17th of May in the year of Our Lord 1545. She is a mighty ship. Paid for by the King and it is the grandest ship in his navy. Her mission is of great importance for Carlos I, the Portuguese had already landed on the distant shores of Asia and that is why he spared no expense on the Esperanza. A fine crew was assembled and prepared for this crucial mission, because it couldn’t be allowed that his enemies take full control of the lucrative trade routes to the Far East. 
King Carlos I had been disappointed by his colonies in the new world. The riches that were promised by that Italian adventurer Columbus proved too difficult to bring back. The Italian had promised Ferdinand and Isabella that he would find the route to Asia and he had failed. But now it would be him that will make that dream come true. The name Carlos will be honored forever like the king who made Spain the richest empire that the world will ever know.
His secret weapon was a map that showed the route from Arabia to the Far East. At first he didn’t believe the man that told him about it. It was a prisoner, a very old man from Persia who had been captured when a group of Turkish pirates had tried to board one of his ships in the Mediterranean. The old man was being held in the dungeons of his castle and he had offered secret knowledge in exchange for his freedom. Carlos was intrigued by the man’s offer and he ordered him brought before him so they can speak alone. The Persian told his life story, how he had sailed for the great Shah to many lands in Asia and he spoke of all the things that he had seen. The wild tribes in Sumatra that they had learned to avoid at any cost and he told about the great cities of the Thai people that were made up of magnificent buildings that are covered with gold, and of their kings that had huge treasure vaults filled to the ceiling with gems in many different colors the size of an apple. Where the people are dressed in the finest silks and even the men wear intricately crafted headdresses of pure gold.
Carlos took the bait completely. When the old man offered to draw a map of the safe passage way to this fabulous land, he had accepted and had granted him his freedom right then and there. This could be his big chance to get ahead of the Portuguese and to fulfill all his ambitions, he will be known as Carlos the Great. His eyes started twinkling with the color of all the promised gems. The old man was sincere when he had made the offer. He just wanted to live out the short time that he had left on this Earth in peace and comfort. Carlos granted him his wish and gave him a small house in a near village and had gave orders that the palace servants are to check up on him and take him food at least once every day. Not one known for patience, Carlos had summoned his best cartographer who sat down with the old man and they produced the small parchment that Carlos was hoping that would bring him many exotic riches. The old man told everything that he had learned about the sea route to this magical land, over his years spent sailing under the banner of the great Shah. He made sure that he didn’t forget to make a note of all the possible dangers that might be encountered. He was grateful to the king and held nothing back. Armed with this secret Persian knowledge and an arsenal of the largest cannons that they had, the Esperanza sailed off.   
The voyage was very uneventful. They had made a short stop at Las Canarias to top off their water supply and had not encountered the wild tribes of these islands. They had chosen the most favorable part of the season for a long voyage and it was nothing but clear skies and good wind all the way to the southernmost point of Africa. And it had taken them only around a month to get this far. The men had never seen such a sight, the place where the two great oceans meet and it looks like they are crashing into each other and it looks like the Indian Ocean is losing the fight because it turns back on itself. The Portuguese captain Bartolomeu Diaz named this place Cabo das Tormentas when he discovered it in the year of Our Lord 1488, and the name is quite fitting, this truly is ‘the cape of storms’.
Not many Spanish sailors had ventured into the expanse of the Indian Ocean, these men are trailblazers. They sailed close to the east coast of Africa for safety. They had stopped for water and food in a large archipelago made up of many islands rich in fresh water and wildlife. The men thought that they had found the Garden of Eden.     
When they were passing from Arabia towards India, on a few occasions, small ships had tried to approach them, most likely pirates, Persians or Arabs. But only with a few shots from the large cannons that Esparanza was carrying in her bowels, they were scared off, she was too big of a ship for them to attempt to board her. 
Just off the Southern tip of India they saw the most incredible sight. Hundreds of islands spread out like a long string of pearls spread over more than a thousand leagues. It was the most perfect tropical setting that any of the men had ever seen. The highest point that they could see on any of the islands couldn’t have been more than the height of a normal man. They looked like tiny personal paradises where one could relax under a cool shade of a palm tree and then enjoy a swim in the crystal clear waters that are filled with fish in every imaginable shape and color. They could see small villages on some of the larger islands but the water was just too shallow for the huge hull of the Esperanza, and the natives were too afraid to approach in their canoes. When they left that string of islands the men had a good night’s sleep dreaming about how incredible would be to spend the rest of their days on these paradise islands with one of the gorgeous exotic looking brown skinned beauties.
They had stayed far clear from the two large islands that they had to cross between, for the stories of the old Persians told of terrible losses by his kinsmen in the past to the hands of the warrior natives. He had warned that the seas close to their rich destination could be very dangerous and the conditions could change at the whim of any of the local gods. But nothing could prepare the brave men on the Esperanza for what destiny brought on their heads. Shortly after midday dark clouds covered the sky in the blink of an eye. Day had turned to night and the sea was jumping high like a raging bull in the plaza del toros of their native Spain.  	






Chapter 1


Tigers!!!! As soon as the shout was heard the tigers had already mowed down half a dozen of the men that formed the escort party. The ones left standing formed a circle around the carriage to protect their precious cargo.
When they set of on their trip, this was the furthest thing on their minds. The mission was a secret one. Only a small group of men, escorting a simple carriage drawn by two buffalos, they had used a very popular type of carriage, the kind that many well off villagers use. The convoy not an uncommon sight on these country trails. But tigers, they never even considered that possibility.
Yes, tigers have been known to attack people in this part of the jungle. But to attack a group of twenty armed men, that was just unthinkable. Maybe that was why they were caught off guard. Perhaps they just happened to stumble upon the tigers and interrupted some sort of mating ritual. 
There was no time to consider the possible reason, the attack was ferocious and lightning fast. The big cats moved like shadows, picking the men off one by one. The men fought bravely and despite all their training there was little they can do. After all, they were trained to face other men, not such beasts. One of the soldiers, in a desperate attempt to defend him, self somehow managed to run his sword straight through the mouth of the smaller lion, putting it down with one lucky thrust of the blade. When the male tiger heard his mate’s dying growl went straight for the young soldier and tore his body like it was a child’s puppet. The young man’s pupils still fully dilated from the adrenalin rush of just surviving the first tiger attack, a feeling lasting only seconds.
The enraged tiger turned his attention to the carriage again, and to the last man left standing. The stunned soldier stood in front of the carriage door trying to keep his sword from falling out of his hands. He couldn’t react, he couldn’t move. He desperately wanted to scream and run away, his legs and his body simply didn’t obey the command. The carnage that lay all around him left him frozen in place. 
The big cat was intrigued by the strange reaction of the soldier, or the lack there of. He started to play with his prey, taking slow long strides toward the poor, trembling, defenseless creature standing in front of him. As the tiger rose to his hind legs to deliver the final bite to the men’s neck, a long slender blade pierced the tiger’s ribcage from behind slicing through his heart in an instant, dropping the beast’s huge body to the ground, on top of the unlucky soldier who failed to protect his neck from the powerful jaw. In the rage from losing his mate, the male tiger failed to notice the tall man running through the trees behind him. 
The tall man pushed the huge body of the still warm tiger to the side and went open the carriage door. Inside he found a girl curled up in a ball in the corner.          
“You’re safe now, it’s over” he said, offering her his hand to stand up. Still shaking from the shock of the screams of her protectors she took his hands and slowly rose to her feet. When he saw the tall man’s white skin and blond hair, and the weird color of his eyes, wondering if she’s imagining this strange pale ghost, she passed out, falling in his embrace. 



*****



This was not something that he could even imagine happening in his life. There were no strange beasts like this back home. Sure there were wolves that sometimes attacked his father’s sheep, but he had learned how to deal with them and protect his flock from a very young age. But this strange country is something completely different for him. Ever since his pursuit of adventure left him stranded in this land he had to learn a whole new way of life. It’s been years from when he first set foot on these shores, but he was still surprised every day by how strange, how terrifying, and how wonderful this land can be. 
And there were no creatures like her back home, of that he was certain. Her father must be an important man in their village, but not a very rich one. He sent only a handful of men to protect her, and she’s dressed in simple clothes. Her yellowish brown skin and her features display spirit and youthfulness that appeal to him.
He feels awkward for staring at the girl that is laying on the soft grass where he had brought her. Who is this strange girl, what is her story. After she fainted he took her a fair distance away from the attack site, because one thing was for sure, with all the mangled soldiers and tiger carcasses out in this heat, that place was not going to be the best smelling camp site. Even now when the sun had dropped over the horizon the heat is still unbearable. He knew that the right thing to do was burry the fallen men and lay them to rest respectfully, but in this heat that was too big of a job for only one man.
The punishing climate in this land is the most difficult thing for a person to get used to. For him at least, the locals are born into it and it’s all that they have ever known, for them it’s normal. He still spends his waking nights dreaming of the cool breeze in the mountains of his native Spain. 
He had known many Thai girls here, everywhere he went they found him appealing. They had never before seen someone that looked like him. But this girl was somehow different, she intrigued him in some special way. Dressed in her green simple long garments, there is a gracefulness to her small body. Unlike the girls he had seen before on celebrations, dressed only in small gilded jewelry with their skin on display, this strange creature was somehow different, somehow special. He feels uncomfortable contemplating these things and he turns his attention to the fire and the dinner he’s preparing. 
A shout startles him.
“Who? You. Who are you, you white devil?








Chapter 2



After running for many hours, a man on the brink of exhaustion reaches the tall city gates of Ayutthaya. The guards at the gates hear him whisper only two words before he loses his consciousness. “The princess! Tigers!” 
The man is brought to the square in front of Phra Ram Temple, and lay him down in the shadow cast by the gold covered spire. This is the central and most holy place in the whole city. When the spire catches the sun’s rays at right angle it sends a magnificent blanket of shimmering honey color over the whole city.
Lord Anantachai is called to question the poor soul. The big rounded form of the wealthiest man in the kingdom pushes through the crowd, swearing and hitting all the curious people that had by then gathered to see what all the commotion is about.
Lord Anantachai is only forty years old and in a very short time he had arisen to the very top of Ayutthaya society. He had lied, cheated and stole, even killed when need be, but he had made it. He is the most powerful man in the kingdom, not even the King could refuse his wishes all too easily. His ambition was not yet satisfied. Always keeping his eye on the ultimate prize, and working hard to accomplish it. The plans already in motion, and if all the plans worked out, the people will soon bow down to him and call him king. And now this happens. Out of all possible things, this had to happen now. 
He has been restless all day, the convoy was late, no word from them all day. And now, one of the soldiers, with his clothes all rags, drops at the city gates with no more of an explanation than ‘tigers’. The rage engulfed him. 
“Bring some buckets with water” he shouted at his men. “I need this man to speak. Now! Faster.” 
The men splash water over the soldier’s head and he slowly starts to open his eyes.
“Tell me, tell me know. What happened? Where is the princess?” he could hardly contain his anger.
“They came out of nowhere, two of them.” The poor man was sobbing. “The tigers were two fast, they tore us to pieces.”
“And what of you, you worthless little jungle rat, how are you not in pieces like your comrades?”
“I was very scared my Lord. When the carnage started I started runn…” 
A slap from the fat man stopped his rambling. “You stupid coward, your duty was to protect the princess. What happened to her?” 
“I don’t know my lord. I didn’t have the courage to turn back and look at what was happening. It was terrifying. I just ran as fast as….”
The fat fist came down hard on the man’s face, knocking him out again. 
“Throw him to the crocodiles” he commanded.



******



“Lord Anantachai this is a big problem” said Ghao.
He is one of those very rare tall Thai men. With his long charcoal hair and his dark armor he is an intimidating figure that very few dare to look straight in the eyes. 
Lord Anantachai is one of those few.
“Don’t you think that I know that? Do you think me stupid?”
“Listen to me carefully you fat pig. My masters only supported you because of your big promises. And now with the princess possibly gone for good, what happens with those promises.”
“I don’t care for that tone of voice. You talk to me like this in my own house. I am still a powerful man here and you better remember that.” He put on a brave face, but this man frightened him, he frightened him very much. 
Regaining his composure, Anantachai continues with a softer voice. “My men will go to the attack site at first light. We will know then if all hope is lost. And if the worse comes to pass we will begin with the other plan. The heir to the throne is just a child of six, and you know how easy it is for children to have an accident.”  
Ghao remained unaffected by all this. “My poor Lord, my masters are not very patient men. Take care of this. Take care of it fast. Or the Chinese flood will sweep down from the north and eat you alive.” And he left the fat man to contemplate his actions. 

“Tuk.” He called for his second in command that had been standing guard at the door. “Gather a large search party and before dawn go and find out what really happened to the princess.”






Chapter 3



“Who are you?” asked the girl, without showing any fear at all. 
“Calm down. Do you remember what happened? Remember the tiger. The one I killed to save you?”
“How do you know our language, you are not Thai?”
“You are welcome, for me saving your life I mean, you ungrateful little girl.” 
“How dare you speak to me like this, I am twenty seven years old if you must know. And I am ….”
“Alright, alright. Let’s start from the beginning.” He said in a soft voice trying to calm the girl.
“My name is Miguel del Blans and I come from a land far far away. My adopted family here calls me Miki that might be easier for you. It’s nice to meet you.” Giving her the best smile he could.
She starts to get more at ease with this strange man. “Nice to meet you Miki, they call me Phing.” 
“You see, it’s not that hard, we can be friends. I like your name it sounds cute”
The fearless creature from just moments ago had turned in to a shy girl and a beautiful one at that, he could not help noticing. 
“Nice to meet you too Miki, your name sounds nice too.” She is no longer afraid of this strange man before her, she’s now curious to know more about him. She has never before seen someone like him. His shoulder length hair is the color of straw. He’s taller even than the wild tribes from the mountains in the far North. And his eyes, she still couldn’t guess if they were the color of emeralds or the color of the sky, like magic they seemed to change between the two. Looking at this white man makes her feel very curious indeed. “How did you come here, how did you learn to speak like us?”
“I will tell you my story, but first you must eat something, you must be exhausted from all that happened today.” He says bringing her the cooked rabbit he had caught while she was resting. She hadn’t realized this but she was very hungry, he was right. She grabbed the meat from his hands and started eating, and he started his story.
“I come from a distant land called Spain. Our king sent us on a trip to find a route to China, we are traders. I spent many moons traveling the open seas on the Esperanza that was our ship“. 
“That sounds so strange, is that in your language?”
“Yes, that means hope.” 
“Tell me something else in your language it sounds so strange to me.”
“Hola guapa.” 
What does that mean?”
“It means ‘hello beautiful’.”
She slaps his wrist. “Hey I’m a lady and it’s rude to talk to a lady like that. I’m shy.” She hides his eyes from him and continues in a whisper “thank you that sound nice.”   
“Oh and if you want to say it to me you say it with an o, you will say guapo. Sorry I’m just teasing you, I couldn’t help it. Don’t slap me again.”
“Hey I’m shy.” But she couldn’t stop her lips from forming a smile. She’s starting to like this strange man, this guapo. “But how did you learn to speak like us, was it hard for you?”
“It was very hard and it took me a long time. When the Esperanza was caught in a heavy storm and it hit a reef, I felt like I was going to die, that everything was lost. I was thrown in the water, floating around with all the broken pieces of our ship. I don’t know much time I spent like that, all I remember was thinking over and over, ‘do not let go of the plank’. When I finally came to my senses I saw an old man standing over me giving me fresh water to drink. His name was Klahan, he took me back to his home and he and his wife Kulap nursed me back to help. They took me in. They were not blessed with children of their own so they devoted all their attention to me. They became my second parent and I grew to love them very much. In a way it was like they had a baby on their hands, they had to teach me to speak just like you would do with a small child.”
“Our people here are good and helpful and very welcoming, and we like to smile all the time. I am not surprised that good people found you, and I am happy that they did. How are your adoptive Thai parents, where do they live?”
“I don’t like to talk about them now. It’s not an easy thing for me to do. I will need to be more comfortable with you before I talk about them.”
  But Phing was already beginning to feel comfortable with this man. She liked the way he talks, his words are kind and she can feel that he’s a good man, a good heart. 
“How long ago was this, how old are you?”
"Let me think. It was the year of our lord 1545 when we set sail from Spain and I was twenty six years old. About my time here I am not really that sure, it’s not easy counting the passage of the seasons here, it is hot all the time. But I think it has been around five years, so that makes me thirty or thirty one.” 
“You’re lying, 1545 was a long time ago that is not possible.”
“Oh yes I always forget about that. Different cultures, different ways, you count the years from the time of your lord Buddha and we count them from the time of our lord Jesus. In Thai years you can say that I left home somewhere around the year 2000.”  
She listened to him speak with great interest. She can’t stop smiling and thinks to herself ‘he has a way with words, and he’s funny too’.








Chapter 4



It wasn’t normal for him to enter the royal palace in the middle of the night, but these were not normal circumstances. As he waited for the king to arrive from his bed chambers, Lord Anantachai is looking at the throne and can’t stop imagining the day when he will sit on it and he will finally be the complete master. He had worked on this plan for a long time. He had bought influence, he had threatened, he had imprisoned. He had even killed. It was the perfect plan. He would leave the king with no choice but to give him the princess’ hand in marriage. And now with princess Sasithorn’s fate unknown, nothing is so certain anymore. 
King Rama comes into the throne room, the gold embroidered silk gown draped over his sleeping clothes because he hasn’t had time to dress in the full regalia. 
“What news have you got for me, my Lord?” 
“None have come as yet your highness. The men are preparing to head out as we speak. They will go before dawn to the location where the attack happened and they will search everywhere.”
“I knew it was a bad idea to send her on the pilgrimage, but my wife convinced me that it was very important for her destiny.” The king’s voice unsteady from the tears coming to his eyes. “Did I lose my precious girl Anantachai? Is it my fault that I lost her?”
“We mustn’t lose hope my king. She may still be alive. I for one do not want to believe in the worst. You yourself know how much Sasithorn means to me, I have told you of my intentions towards her many times before.” 
“I know all this. And until we know more there is no reason to discuss this further.” King Rama put on the façade of a strong ruler and sent the Lord away with the words. “Tell the men to do whatever they can or I will throw them to the crocodiles myself.”

******

Lord Anantachai rushed straight to the square where the search party was preparing to depart. 
“Tuk, are your men ready?” 
“Yes my Lord, I sent for the best men in the city, none objected.” 
“That’s good. And Tuk, remember, do all that is humanly possible, I don’t care if you have to turnover every single rock in the jungle or cut down all the trees, if there is the smallest chance that you can find the princess still alive you will do whatever it takes.” 
“Yes my Lord, as you command so it shall be done.” Spoke Tuk, continuing the sentence in his head ‘you greedy pig’. 

******

Rama returns to his bed where his wife lays wide awake with worry over her child. “Did we make a mistake my love, did we kill our daughter?” 
Kanda embraces her husband gently. “We did what we thought was right. The holy sanctuary was to provide us with a solution for our troubles. I don’t want that discusting fat man to be her husband.”
“I know that my love, the thought of giving her to him is unbearable. I tried all I could to delay that but he is becoming stronger and stronger. A lot of influential people are in his pocket. I’m afraid that more people listen to him now there are that listen to me. I have disappointed you my love, I bring shame to you when I am so weak.” 
Kanda understands her husband’s struggles. He is not to blame, he has always been good to his people, always supported the poor. His only mistake was that he didn’t see the true nature of that snake before. When they finally realized how evil that man really was it was too late to react. Being the strong woman that she is, ever since her childhood in her native land in the hills in the north, she’s always there to support her husband and give him strength when he needs it. 
“I wish we weren’t so trusting of him in the beginning. If we knew of his true nature you could have given him three white elephants as a gift and that would that.”
Rama snorts at the thought. “If only it were that easy”.
“We must stay strong my love and think positive. I am sure that the universe will make things right and Karma will catch up to that snake and give him exactly what he deserves.”
“That’s what I am afraid of. What if the universe took her from us to save her, and sent her to the next life where she can truly be happy.”
“Awww my love, don’t think like that. There’s still hope.” 







Chapter 5
 


Phing woke up to the sound of leaves to the sight of the tall strange man coming out of the trees leading a horse. 
“I went to bring my horse, I only left you alone for a few moments, I made sure you were perfectly safe. The buffalos pulling your cart fell to the beasts too, so good old Jose is our only transportation. And he can’t pull that heavy contraption on his own.” 
So it wasn’t a dream or a strange vision. Yesterday had really happened. And looking at this white man made her feel glad that it had happened and their paths had crossed. He looked more handsome in the morning light. She says “Good morning Miki.” giving him a sweet smile. 
“Good morning Phing. Did you sleep well? God knows you needed it, after the day you’ve had.” 
“Yes thank you.” 
“How do you feel now?”
“It’s strange, I feel good. The men suffered a terrible death, but I feel happy to be still alive and to be safe. Thank you for saving me, yesterday I was too overwhelmed yesterday and confused from everything, I’m not sure if I thanked you.” 
“You’re welcome. I understand. It’s all right. You had a very long day and too much excitement to handle.”
She caught herself again staring at him unconsciously. Some Thai people have white skin, but not like his, it is so exotic and strange. And his short beard, the color of the midday sun, the thought ‘wonder if it’s soft to the touch as it looks’ kept coming to her mind.
“Hey I have heard stories of men like you.”
“What do you mean men like me, there’s no one like me, I am unique.” He responds playfully.
“You know what I mean, people with skin and hair like yours. My father told me about your kind, he calls you Farang.” 
He was still fascinated by the way how these people considered all Europeans the same. And even more refer to them by such an outdated term, the times of Charlemagne and the Franks long gone. But in these faraway lands the term first used by the Persians, is still in use. Still he couldn’t blame them there has been precious little contact between the two. Neither one didn’t really know anything about the other.
“Yes I have been called that before, but we are not all the same, not all white people are Farangs. Europe is full with many different people and many kingdoms. Those other Farangs that are on your southern shores are my enemies, they are Portuguese.”
Putting the soft blanket on the horse’s back he asks, ”are you ready to go?”   
“Go where?”
“I was thinking that I’d take you home, your family must be worried about you. Or you have somewhere else in mind?” he said, flashing his cheeky smile again. “Hey, where exactly is home anyway? I never asked you.”
“Ayutthaya.”
Putting his arms together to form a makeshift stirrup to help her get on the horse, he points his heat to the west. “Home is that way.”
Being on a horse feels strange for her. Her father never allowed her to ride, everywhere she went, she was either in a carriage or in a porter chair, and on very special occasions on decorated elephants. As soon as she felt safe she declares: “Ready, let’s go.” 
“Yes guapa, your wish is my command. Vamos.”    
“Hey stop that.” She slaps him on his upper arm. “I told you I’m shy.” 
“Sorry I couldn’t help myself, you are so cute when I tease you and you get all shy.” 
“You really have no shame, do you, you crazy man.” 
He just looks her in her eyes and smiles. She quickly turns her head away and tries to make frown. They continue in silence. 
But she feels strange. She had always been taught to act like a lady, and no man before had ever dared speak to her like this. This is good. Hearing him teasing her like this makes her feel special. She feels comfortable with this crazy man. And she wants to hear more, she wants to hear so much more. And the brief moment when she slapped him and her skin touched his, she felt warm inside, it felt good, it felt right. 


******


Tuk and his men had reached the attack site. 
“The poor coward wasn’t lying, this must have been horrifying Tarong.” 
“Yes sir, I am not sure if I wouldn’t have run away too.” confessed the soldier.  
There was no sign of the princess anywhere, the carriage empty. Tuk sent his men in to a wider circle to look for signs. A shout came from the distance. “Tracks, someone walked away from here, someone with very big feet.” 
“Go quickly. She may still be alive. Hurry!” yelled Tuk.


******


“Miki, we have been traveling a long time, I feel guilty. I’m riding your horse and you’re walking. Let’s change places, it is your horse.”
“No I like walking better. It’s good exercise.” 
“You’re right. I need exercise too. Get me down.” 
She already flipped her left leg over the horse and sat sideways. He puts his hands on her waist and she places hers on his shoulders. He starts to bring her down slowly and when their eyes meet in midair he freezes. All reason escapes him, and acting on instinct, his head slowly tips forward and she does the same. She feels it too. He hadn’t misread the signals. It feels right, like they have done it before. It feels like it was in their nature all along, to kiss each other. 
Exited shouting breaks the moment. “It’s her. The princess is alive. She’s here.” 
He drops her to the ground. “What did he say? Princess! Did I hear him right?”   
“It’s ok they are my father’s men.”
“Unhand her you devil.” “How dare you lay your stinking hands on her royal highness, she’s the princess.” “We will have your head for this.”
She pleads. “Don’t resist please. Don’t do anything stupid. My father will help. I will explain.” 
Two soldiers take Phing away quickly and the others rush to Miguel, pushing him to the ground. He drops to his knees powerless, while the soldiers start punching and kicking at the ready. 
He doesn’t resist. He’s still in shock from what he had heard. ‘a princess, she’s a princess.’
As the soldiers take her away, she tries to scream, to make them stop, to let him go. The only words that made it out of her mouth are only audible to her: “I hope I see you again guapo.” 







Chapter 6


A rider speeds through the main gate of Ayutthaya, screaming from the bottom of his lungs: “she’s alive, it’s a miracle.” 
He goes straight to Lord Anantachai’s house to deliver the good news personally. The fat man, still in the clothes from yesterday, hearing the good news makes his eyes sparkle again. Color returns to his cheeks, he is back to being his old conniving self again.
“You did good that you came to me first. I’ll remember this and you’ll be rewarded. Now go to the palace, tell the king the good news.” He says, sending the messenger out. 
“You can come in now Ghao, we’re alone now. I know how much you enjoy hiding in the dark shadows, but it creeps me out every single time when you do that.”
Ghao steps to the center of the room, dressed again in his usual all black. He lifts his right foot and smacks the heel of his boot hard on the gilded table. Not that he needed to, but it gave him great pleasure to disrespect the fat pig, and all the expensive unnecessary material things, like this ridiculously large table covered with gold,  that he knows the man cherishes above all. 
“You got lucky today, very, very lucky.”
“I was wrong. I actually prefer it when you hide in the dark shadows, that way I don’t have to look at your ugly black mug.” His courage had returned with the good news too. This dog could still bite.  
Ghao feels amused by this newfound nerve, and laughs out loud. 
“Oh you make me laugh so hard sometimes, you know that. Does it feel good to insult me? That was good. Do you feel happy now?” Still can’t stop smiling.
“I will let you have your fun this time. The plan is back on track. Two hundred elite troops are on their way, the very best that China has to offer. They will be here in 10 days, you better make sure you do your part and they will do theirs.”
“I wil….. Anantachai starts to speak but another smack of the heel on the table stops him in his tracks.
“Your voice has grown tiresome. Now shut up and make sure you do what you have promised.” says Ghao, as he retreats in to the shadows.
Anantachai breaths in deeply, thinking about the near future ‘oh just you wait, as soon as I sit on the throne I’ll be rid of you, you arrogant bastard. And as soon as the Chinese play their part I’ll get rid of them too.’    
******
“My king, she’s safe.” Proclaims the messenger as he enters the great throne room, and falls to the floor at the king’s feet. “Princess Sasithorn will be coming back home very soon your royal highness. Your best men are protecting her.” Catcing his breatch for a few moments, he continues. “We also captured the white devil that was holding her.” 
“That’s the happiest news I have ever heard. You will be rewarded soldier. Now go rest, you have earned it. White devil you say. We will deal with him too.” Rama turns to his nobles who had gathered here as a show of support. “Prepare a welcoming party. Today is a holiday. We will celebrate for 20 days.” 
The whole room erupts with cheers and praises for the king and for the princess.







Chapter 7


Phing once again found herself in a carriage heading for home, escorted by soldiers. They didn’t give her time to explain, they just took her away and put her in here. A soldier had taken the effort to tell her that their orders were to bring her home at once. 
Through the small opening on the back of the carriage, she could just about see the tail of the caravan where her savior was locked up. He was in the small cart that was used to bring in supplies. The soldiers had made a makeshift cage out of bamboo stalks over it to hold him confined. 
   ‘Oh my poor brave man, you don’t deserve this. What are these animals doing to you? Just wait till my father hears of this.’
‘Did I do this to him? Is it my fault for not telling him who I am? Maybe if he knew he wouldn’t have been so honest with his affections.’
‘What have I done, I don’t want to lose him. I just found him.’ All these thoughts are followed by the image of his big hands hugging her so tight. Her heart feels that that is her safe place. That is where she wants to be, and where she can feel comfortable.
She tries to be strong but the tears don’t stop flowing. 
******
“I didn’t disrespect her. I didn’t know she’s the princess.”
Miguel tries to reason with the soldiers but it’s pointless. All he gets in return are angry insults and the sticks that they poke him with. 
“You dare put your hands on her highness. You will die for this you devil.” Shouted one soldier, and another was trying to make himself look smart in front of his comrades: “You speak like us, this is black magic, we burn people like you here, you sorcerer.” 
Their insults went on and on and started becoming more and more ridiculous. His favorite was: “Don’t look at me with those emerald eyes you monster, I don’t want your white man curse.” - That one even made him smile.
He closes his eyes and ignores all the angry shouting. He is back in the moment they shared. The brief moment their eyes met in midair. To him it felt like forever, the river of time had stopped flowing. 
‘Stop this you idiot, she’s a princess, and you are what, a simple nobody, a farang, this will never be allowed to happen.’ 
He tries to rationalize all this and try to convince himself that it is stupid to even think about her. Without success, the image of her eyes lighting up with joy and opening up wide when they met his could never be erased from his mind. 
She must have felt it too. We shared something, something special. 
‘Was this what my father meant when he told me the story how he fell in love with my mother the first time he saw her. He always says that when he spoke to her and saw the sparkle in her eyes he knew then and there that she is his one and only’, ‘oh my lovely girl.’
Thinking about all of this only curls his lips in to a wide happy smile. This only makes the soldiers even angrier.
“Stop smiling you wizard!”







Chapter 8


Everybody was overjoyed. Word spread quickly of her royal highness’ safe return. All the people joined in the preparations for the welcoming of the princess. No expense was spared, Lord Anantachai contributing the largest amount, wanting all the people to see his great happiness for the safe return of Sasithorn. And he was not ashamed at all of telling that to everyone that he meets. ‘Maybe she will appreciate all this’. He couldn’t help but hope. 
Musicians, acrobats and dancers are rushing to get to their designated places. All the single men in the city are following the dancers like hungry puppies, staring at their lean young bodies in the tiny clothes. Some married man too. 
Banners in the royal colors had been erected on 20 foot poles all the way from the entrance of the city to the royal palace. Cheerful red, blue, white and yellow are marking the ceremonial route.  
In front of the tall white walls of the royal palace, the thrones were set up on a platform right between the two golden columns that flank the entrance. Four thrones sit on the platform. One for the King, one for the Queen, and two smaller ones for the young prince Arthit who sits there impatiently, dressed in the finest silk, to see his big sister happy that she will again sit in the throne next to him. Phing has always been there to support him she was Arthit’s rock and comfort. He is the happiest of everybody that she is back, Phing is his world.


******


All the preparations finished just as the carriage with the princess arrives. Sasithorn feels happy to be home again. All the decorations and all the people cheering, bowing and waving to her, none of that means anything. The only important thing is the fate of her savior. What will happen to him? Will her father listen to her and show mercy. ‘I will make him listen, if it’s the last thing I do.’ Her heart had decided for her.
Miguel had heard many stories about the capital, but never visited. He had wanted to come here for a long time, but fate had other plans for him. Until now that is. It would be nice to visit in more pleasant circumstances. But even now, looking at it through his cage at the tail of the convoy, Ayutthaya is a magnificent sight to behold. With its water canals and many islands it is truly breathtaking. He can just about make out The Reclining Buddha statue in the distance they say he is resting because he had reached Nirvana. And straight ahead the towering spire of Phra Ram Temple, covered in pure gold, shines brightly over its people.
His mind can’t concentrate on such trivial things like ‘what will happen to him’. The only fear on his mind and in his heart is:  ‘Will I see her again.’ 







Chapter 9


Waiting for the convoy to travel the long processional route, Lord Anantachai takes his place at the king’s right hand side. 
“My king, I am pleased that her highness the most venerated princess Sasithorn is safely with us again.” 
“Yes Lord we are all very pleased, this is truly a happy occasion, for the next twenty days we will have the largest celebration our kingdom has ever seen.” 
Anantachai leans a little closer to the king so that he’s not overheard. “My king I feel that now is a perfect time for you to contemplate my offer. When we will be married, nothing like this will happen to her again, I will always keep her safe.”
Rama tries not to show his true feelings. “Yes Lord I am fully aware of your intentions. You have declared them on many occasions.” He despises this man from the bottom of his heart. “Her destiny is yet to be determined, for that was the reason for her trip, was it not.” 
Anantachai leans even closer to the king’s ear. “All of the nobles agree that this is the best thing for our kingdom. And i am certain that you fully understand that in these troubling times the man that controls the army is the best choice for your daughter’s hand. After all we don’t want hard times to fall upon us.” –he says with the most menacing voice he can produce, not even trying to mask this most violent threat.
“I will consider your offer at the end of all the festivities in twenty days. This is a time to rejoice, and we will deal with the harsh facts of reality after.”
Rama, still keeping up his strong façade, starts to descend the stairs to greet his first born child who is about to step out of the carriage. 
“Father!” shouts Sasithorn as she runs to her father’s embrace. 
“My sweet dear daughter, I am so happy you are still with us. I could never forgive myself if I lost you.” Rama hugs his daughter like he doesn’t want to let her go. “Are you all right my child, how do you feel?”
Tears start to cover her cheeks again. “I am good father, but he is not. He saved me. He killed the tiger. And they put him in a cage like an animal. They beat him.” She had been choosing her words along the long trip, and now they came out all at once. “Stop them. Tell them to let him go. He did nothing wrong. He’s a hero.” She buries her head in her father’s shoulder still sobbing.  
Rama calls his wife to comfort the girl and raises his hand to signal Tuk to come forward. “Explain soldier. Who is this man she speaks of?”
Always the honorable man, Tuk tells the truth, knowing that the Lord will not be very happy with this. “Your royal highness, when we found them he had his arms around her waist. This Farang was disrespecting her highness. If we had come a little later who knows what he would have done.”
“Farang you say! Bring him to me.” He commands.
Soldiers take Miguel out of his cage and bring him in front of The King. 
“So what do you have to say for yourself? Speak now!” says the King loud enough for the crowd to hear.
Miguel takes his time thinking his words through carefully. 
“I was on the road, I heard screams. Ran as fast as I could and when I reached there and I put my sword through the tiger. Only a girl was left alive. I did not know that she is a princess, she never told me. I let her rest and recover from the shock and then we went on the road to here to bring her home. And that is when your soldiers found us.” 
“You speak out tongue very well for a stranger. We’ve never seen that here before.” The King enquires further: “and what of the disrespect? Did you dare put your hands on her royal highness the princess?”  
Miguel stays silent. He looks up and catches Phing looking at him intensely with her eyes wide open, still in her mother’s embrace. He can see that she is upset and afraid for him and tries to give her a smile. Not caring who is watching. 
“Very well then, for killing the tiger and saving her royal highness’ life we are grateful. You will be harmed by no one until the end of the festivities. After that you will be brought back before me so that I can decide your destiny. I will grant my daughter’s wish for now.”
Facing the crowd Rama proclaims: “this man is under my protection and while he’s in prison he will not be harmed. If someone disobeys my order he will answer directly to me.” 
The soldiers take Miguel away. His eyes still locked on Phing, and hers on him. Until they drag him out of sight.







Chapter 10



Lord Anantachai is sitting in his garden resting after the long day. Never satisfied, it wasn’t enough to have the biggest house in the city but he had to have the biggest garden too. He forced his two former neighbors to sell him their houses for a ridiculously small amount of gold. After clearing that land, he had brought in exotic trees from far away as Northern India and China. His own private paradise garden, fruit trees all around and in between ran many small canals made to look like rivers, spanned with ornately carved foot bridges. 
Never on to deny himself any pleasures, his appetites quite evident from his weight, at the end of his domain, he had a pleasure palace built just for his own use. The two floor house of pleasures has six big rooms. When he enters here he is transformed in to the emperor figure he likes to think he is. Here all his fantasies come true. And just like an emperor his pleasure palace was full with girls from all possible shapes and colors in the kingdom, and beyond. All brought here for his pleasure. Some he had imprisoned himself and others were gifts from nobles that he has under his control. 
‘I think I will have me some tall and white this evening.’ He thinks to himself as he starts to walk slowly towards his pleasure palace, already loosening up the belt on his silk robe. 
“Where do you think you’re going fat man?” Ghao steps out of the shadows startling Anantachai. “We need to talk.”
“My masters no longer have patience. You have failed yet again to marry the princess. I have new orders, and the celebrations give us a great opportunity.”
“I can pressure Rama. He is weak and has no support. He will have to accept me soon.” 
“That is of no importance now. You may control the nobles, but the people still love their king. We have to take him out, and do it soon.”
Anantachai realizes that to refuse now will only go bad for him. “What do you need me to do?”
“The Chinese elite forces are ten days away. Till they arrive you have to make sure the troops loyal to you know what they have to do. As for the troops loyal to the king I am sure you can find a way, in all the festivities, to get them drunk, to get them very drunk so that they will not be able to oppose us when the moment comes.  Your perverted mind will see to that I am certain.”
Not waiting for a reply, Ghao disappears back in to the shadows.
Anantachai shouts angrily for Tuk. The young man comes before his master, still unsure of the treatment he will receive for being truthful with the king.  
“You disappointed me yesterday. The white devil you brought back can be a problem for us he is a distraction for the princess. You should have taken his head on the spot and brought just that back as a trophy.” 
He slaps the young man hard across the face. Then he tells him about the new plan, and about all the arrangement that have to be made. 
“And do not disappoint me again, or I will take you to the furthest jungle and leave you there alone to talk to the wild.”
Tuk remains standing there still trying to calm his anger from the slap. The fat bastards has already gone to his precious little pleasure palace, ‘no doubt to slap some other poor victim as well.’ He plants his fist in the mango tree to relieve his anger, whispering calming words. 
“You will get what you deserve you bastard, you will get it soon.”
The shadows behind him move. That’s another thing about Ayutthaya in this city the shadows hear everything.







Chapter 11


Queen Kanda normally starts her days with a traditional tea ceremony, probably the only good thing that her native people have taken from the Chinese and made their own. She was born in Luang Prabang which lies to the North. It is the land of the hill tribes. They are a proud people, never surrendering to the constant attack from their neighbors. It was a good childhood and she had many good memories from back home. Running in the hills around the town with her brothers, jumping and playing in the nearby waterfalls or swimming in the river was a very happy time for her.
She is the second daughter of the head of a group of tribes, her father Sisavang Kham is a respected and honorable man. He is a good ruler who is loved by his people. She was loved by her family and by her people too, and when her father had decided that she was to marry the prince Rama, who was the same age as her, she trusted her father’s judgment and she obeyed. 
She first met her husband at the wedding ceremony.  But right away felt at ease with him. They both were only twenty years old, and at first he was shy even more than her. With her wild northern spirit she made him feel comfortable and started to open up to her. In a short time she came to know that he is a good man, with a good heart, and above all an honest man, both with his emotions and to his people. 
With every year they spent together she respected and loved Rama more and more. Their happiness always growing, first with sweet Phing and then with the next king Arthit, they had been trying and waited for an heir many years, and when he was born all the kingdom celebrated for twenty days. Her children are the most precious thing in her life, they are the light in her eyes, and every single beat of her heart is for them. 
That is why this morning she is sad, because in this happy time of celebration she can’t console her daughter, who hasn’t stop crying since she came home, or more accurately since they took the farang away.
“Calm down my child, you have been through a lot. I know it’s been very hard for you. The tigers must have scared you a lot. Please tell me, what can I do to help?”
Wiping away her tears she speaks softly, her voice a little sore from all the crying. “I don’t care about that. I already forgot about the tiger. They put him in a cage mother. They beat him. And he was good to me. He saved me. He’s a hero. He’s my hero.”

Kanda puts her hands around her daughter’s head “my sweet, sweet, Phing. I Know all this, you told me already. Yes he saved you, but why do you care so much about this man. You don’t even know him. He’s a stranger.”
“No he’s not. Not to me. We only spent a short time together, but Miki is a good man, an honest man, a brave man.” She takes her mother’s hands in hers and looks at the ground like she’s shy or ashamed. “Mama it is not just that he saved me. When he speaks to me I feel special. When he looks into my eyes I feel warm inside. I don’t know how to explain it, I feel strange. I can’t stop thinking about him. Could this be love?”
Kanda can feel it in her voice that she truly cares about this man. “My sweet child, this is strange for me too. You know that I sent you on the pilgrimage to the holy temple so that maybe you will glimpse your destiny. And what I was praying for that the universe will provide us with a way to save you from marrying Lord Anantachai.”
The tears flow again from Phing’s eyes. ”I will never marry that disgusting fat pig. I will go to the jungle and give myself to the tigers if you make me marry him.”   
“Maybe the universe has answered all our prayers my child. Maybe it was no accident that this man crossed your path that day. Maybe he is your destiny.”
A small child came running in the queen’s chambers stopped by no one. “My queen, my Queen, they plan to ruin us all, I heard them. It’s terrible.” 


******


From since he could remember, Chati has been a very active child. Now he’s almost eight years old, although he looks like he is five years old, and he is more lively and full of energy than ever before, and then all other boys at his age. Everybody calls him Little Mouse, because of his small body and the way that he’s always running around everywhere, sneaking around and between people’s legs without them even noticing.
The nickname has become so popular that even his mother has trouble remembering his name sometimes. He had grown up in and around the royal palace. His mother a chamber maid to her majesty the Queen, and he has always had the freedom to where his interest took him. The Queen is so fond of him that she treats him like he is family. 
Highly intelligent and always looking out for the people he cares about, he knows everything that is going on in this big city. People don’t notice him, he knows the tree tops so well and all corners of the city, and those very few that do see him are used to it that they pay no attention anymore. 
Of all the people in his life he cares the most for the Queen and her two children because she has been so good to him. Always giving him sweets and treats, she tries to give him nice clothes too, made from the finest silk but he always refuses, always with the words ‘when I rip them or get them dirty I will feel so bad, I don’t want that.’ When he is playing with prince Arthit in the palace gardens the servants treat them the same, the Queen had made sure of that, whatever food was brought for the prince they brought the same for him. 
And the thing that he was most aware of was that Lord Anantachai was evil, very evil. On many nights he would sneak into the man’s garden, jumping from tree top to tree top over the wall. And last night the things he heard terrified him so much that as soon as he knew the Queen would be awake he ran straight to tell her. 
“What is it little mouse? What scared you so much? Come! Tell me.” said Kanda with a motherly tome.  
Little mouse tells everything that he overheard with an exited voice. Trying carefully not to leave out or forget anything. 
Hearing the story Kanda embraces the child. “Don’t worry little mouse I will not let anyone hurt you, or any of us. You are my family, and remember, family always protects each other.”
“And you say Tuk punched the tree angrily? I always thought that he was Anantachai’s right hand man. It would appear that maybe he can be easily persuaded to come over to our side, he will be a formidable ally.” 
Kanda stands up and commands the servants. “Call up a messenger. I need to send word to my father, quickly!”   
Phing has been listening to the boy tell his story but her mind was still on her troubles. “Little mouse, will you do something for me? Will you take something to Miki? Please.” 
“You mean the farang?” the boy’s quick wit made the connection right away. You never needed to explain things to him too much.
“You know I can’t refuse you. You are like my big sister. Give it to me and I will find a way to get to him.” He smiles sweetly hoping to make her feel better. 
“Give me some time and I will call for you when it is ready.”
Phing found her strength again. Wiping off the tears she tries to find the right words to express her feelings. There is hope. All is not lost.







Chapter 12


Three day had passed since he entered the city. Well not really entered, it was more of a ‘dragged in a cage’ sort of a situation. Everything that happened now seems like a dream. If he ever gets the chance to tell his story people will say that he is making it all up. He never imagined that something this crazy can even happen. And certainly could not have imagined it at all in his small little village up in the Pyrinees Mountains, where he grew up. Life there was ordinary. It was not a bad place to grow up. For a child it can be very fun. In winter when the snow fell he and his friends would take old sacks from the barn full them up with hay and tie it at the top with a string. And then they would climb to the top of the hill and slide down on the sack. It was so much fun. The rich kids had wooden sleighs that cost a lot of money and were crafted by skilled woodworkers. But little Miguel preferred his sack full of hay it was so much more comfortable and softer on the butt. That’s the thing he misses the most, playing in the snow and breathing in the morning winter chill that really wakes up your lungs and makes you feel alive. Or in the summers, when his father wasn’t looking, together with his friends they would take the horse cart, push it up a hill get in it and drive all the way down. They broke quite a few carts over the years that way. And once when they couldn’t make the turn they ended up in the stone built chicken coop, the cart was smashed to pieces and his friend broke his arms. That was the only day that his father beat him, but it was worth it, that was so much fun, it was still fun many years later too, whenever he met Juan after that they would have the best laugh remembering that day. 
For a grown up, there wasn’t really much do there. He loves his family very much, but his heart was wild and always craving new and exciting things to see and to do. Every moment of free time, when he wasn’t helping with the sheep or with the firewood, he would spend on the top of the hill just to the north of his village. From there he would look at the Atlantic Ocean and all the tall ships coming to and going from San Sebastian. He would set his imagination free, to fly with the white sails of the ships to lands far and wide, to cities large and small, to people scary and beautiful. He knew from an early age that he has the heart of an adventurer. Knowing that he can never be happy with the simple life, he had said his goodbyes and went to San Sebastian to join a crew. His mother’s tears pained him a lot, but this was something that he had to do. His destiny lay across the blue water. 
And in this land where he woke up stranded on the beach, all that his imagination could conger up had been surpassed many times over. Even though he was now sitting in a cage not sure of his ultimate fate, he will not change anything, he would do everything over again the same way. All his travels and experiences, and all his troubles and adventures, had lead them to her. ‘Phing.’ Whispering her name brings a smile to his face.
“Stop dreaming you white devil.” A small hand taps him on the shoulder. He turns around and sees a small face smiling back at him. 
“Who are you child what do you want?”
“I am Little Mouse, Phing sent me here to give you something” Said the child holding up a folded piece of paper. 
Miguel reaches for it, but the boy pulls it back laughing. “Slow down big boy, calm down.” 
“Give it here you little rat.”
“Hey, that’s not nice. My name is not rat, it is mouse. Here I am bringing you a present and you insult me, don’t they teach you manners where you come from?” The boy continues to tease him.
“You’re right, I am sorry little mouse. Can I have my present please?” 
“There you go. I was only having a little fun with you.” 
Miguel opens up the piece of paper and he starts reading quickly before the sun sets over the horizon and all light disappears. 
Sweet Miki
I have never done this before. It is strange for me that I am writing to you. And it is even stranger that I am doing so when I only know you for a very short time. Somehow I feel that I have to tell you how I feel.
You saved me from the tiger, and I will always be grateful for that. But you did so much more. In the worst day of my life you made me feel comfortable. You cared for me. You teased me to make me smile, and made me forget about my troubles. I enjoyed hearing the stories about your life. 
I can’t put my thoughts into words to express how I feel. I don’t know how I feel this is all new for me. This is something that I have never felt before. I feel very close to you, like I have known you forever. Did we know each other in a previous life?
All I know is that with you I feel comfortable. When you look at me with those strange eyes of yours I feel warm inside and I feel safe. And it feels right.
I wish the soldiers had found us a little later.
Thinking of you   
Phing


“What does it say?” Little mouse startles Miguel.
“That is none of your busyness. You are too young for things like this. What are you still doing here?”
“I am waiting to see if you want me to take back a reply from you.” 
“I am sorry if I yelled at you, you are right boy. You are completely right. Thank you.”
Miguel thinks for a moment of his reply. “Go now, go to Phing and tell her that I feel it too. When I was with her I felt good and warm inside. Tell her that she makes me feel very special. Tell her I think about her all the time. And I want to see her again and spend my time with her.” 
He takes a deep breath. “Will you remember all that?” 
The boy nods, give him a big smile and goes on his way.
He starts reading again from the beginning. 







Chapter 13


A rider is galloping through the jungle. He is pushing his horse to the limits of endurance, stopping only every few hours for water. In the past two days he had to change horses in 4 villages along his way north. Time is of the utmost importance. Dressed in simple peasant clothes, the red shirt that the royal messengers usually wear was not an option this time. This mission had to remain a secret. This messenger is on a mission for his Queen. He’s on a secret mission that can mean their survival.  
These northern lands are different than Ayutthaya, the trees are different, the fruit here is different. And the weather is much cooler in these hills than back home. When they are sent to come here on a mission it is the happiest time in the life of a royal messenger. 
The rider arrives at Luang Prabang, and showing his royal seal he is allowed to see his highness Sisavang Kham. 
Sisavang is in his seventies, but is still a formidable man. His body stands straight and his face portrays resolve and strength. And in his official silk gown with dragons embroidered in gold he is the epitome of royalty. 
He takes the Chinese message box from the messenger and quickly performs the few twists and turns required to open the hidden compartment where the message is hidden. He always used this method of communication with his daughter, another thing from his pesky neighbors that he found quite useful.   
After reading the message and realizing how the situation down south is about to escalate, he calls for his son. 
“Oun my son, your sister needs our help, and the kingdom needs our help. Dirty snakes are preparing to overrun the capital and we need to help. Prepare our best fighters immediately and head south. When you arrive there Kanda will send someone to coordinate what needs to be done. Go.”








Chapter 14


Tuk has always thought of himself as an honorable man. Working for Anantachai left a bad taste in his mouth every single day. But he didn’t choose this life, it was forced upon him. The only thing keeping him here was his sense of obligation. 
Every time that he was sent to threaten or beat some poor man that had failed to pay the money demanded by the Lord, he imagined that he is hitting the fat man’s face instead. And when some of the girls in the pleasure palace acted out of line and he had to discipline her, he would fantasize about putting a long blade in that disgusting fat belly. He hated that damned pleasure palace so much. It was him that had to hear the poor girls’ crying and screaming. When he was sent to distant villages to buy them from their parents for a few coins, his heart was breaking. How can someone do a thing like this to their own child, for him his children are the most precious thing in his life and he would never let the actions of the fat man bring harm to them. 
He had a good life once. He wasn’t feared and hated by the people. He was a good child. Not very rich but hardworking, he used to get up before dawn to go pick fruits in the jungle and spend the day with his mother selling them in the market. His mother was a kind and gentle woman but she had the bad luck of choosing a worthless man. His father spent his days drinking and gambling away all their hard earned money, the little that they could make. And when he came back home after losing everything he would take his anger out on little Tuk, beating him until passing out from the drunkenness. 
His only escape was the old men living in the house next to his. The man had once been a great warrior, in his hay day respected and praised by all but now in his old age forgotten in his little shack with no family of his own to take care of him, not that he needed to be taken care of for he was in very good shape for his years thanks to his strict discipline, or to help the days feel less lonely. He took pity on little Tuk and took him in like he was his own son. The boy had a pure heart and a good sense of honor. He was always submitting his young body to his father’s drunken blows, doing all that to protect his poor mother from them. 
Tuk liked the old man very much. He saw him and a wise man and love to listen the stories of his adventures. It wasn’t long before the two of them spent every free moment together. The boy had found the perfect father figure that he badly needed, and the old man had found someone to whom he can pass on all that he knew and someone of who he could be proud of, that brought great pleasure to his lonely life. He had found a worthy successor for his legacy. 
Together they were the perfect master and student. The lessons covered all different subjects needed to groom Tuk in to a good man above all else and a good and brave soldier. The little boy had advanced in all disciplines very quickly; from breathing techniques to expert swordplay, and from poetry to strategy.
At the age of seventeen the royal guard had taken notice and they were considering giving him a position with them, but Anantachai had other plans. He had also been alerted of the boy’s promise from one of his many spies, and he had been looking for a way to take advantage of that.       
He found exactly what he needed in the boy’s father. That man was such a disaster that it wasn’t difficult to use him as he needed. The foolish drunk was constantly lured in one or another of Anantachai’s establishments where he was allowed to drink, eat and gamble to his heart’s desire, the house always too generous to give credit. The debt had grown to a huge amount and when the Lord came to their home offering to take the boy to be his personal slave for 15 years as payment or to execute them all as criminals the boy had no choice but to bow his head and agree. It was wrong, and it was against all the principles that he had learned from his master, but when it came to choose between his suffering and the life of his mother, in his heart that choice was easy to make. 
The old man was not the same after that day. He never forgave himself for being too weak and powerless to save his student from this terrible choice that he had to make. All the strength from his body and from his soul was gone. The old man passed away two months after that faithful day.
Now the fat man has gone too far. He has threatened all the people of Ayutthaya. He wanted to become kind no matter the cost. Tuk now found a new ally in the letter that little mouse brought to him, and the letter gave him resolve to do all he can to stop the evil lord.
The letter was from the Queen and it only said: ‘Anantachai needs to be stopped. We know of his plans. I need your help.’ 
The response flashed in his mind immediately. “I agree and I’ll help.”







Chapter 15


All of Ayutthaya was on the city streets celebrating for 5 days straight. Colorful lanterns hung everywhere, music and singing coming from all sides, dancers enticing young men fueling up their imagination. And all of the children running around the streets with big plates, they are filling them with water from the fountains and canals and splashing everybody that they could. It felt like Songkran had come twice this year. 
The whole city celebrates the happy return of the princess and her good fortune, but she can’t bring herself to leave her mother’s bed chambers. Phing had spent the previous five days there with her mother as her only comfort. 
The grief was too great. She had asked herself many times over in the past days. ‘How can this be possible? Why do I feel like this?’ She wasn’t some stupid young girl to get easily infatuated with a man. She’s not a child, she is twenty seven years old. And she had always been a calm person, always rational, never foolish like this. What magic had possessed her? How could this man have such a strong effect on her? 
Could this be what love really feels like? 
Since childhood she had always been very shy. She was never like any of the girls at her age. When other girls shamelessly flirted with boys and dreamed of getting married with a good man, her interests were different. She would spend her times reading about beautiful places and interesting people. And she enjoyed hearing stories from her mother’s childhood. She was always dreaming of adventures.  
Over the years many young noble men came to King with offers of marriage. Out of obligation to her parents she had met them over a tea ceremony, not a single one could hold her attention. They were all stupid boys with nothing to say apart from how much gold their father has or how many elephants, how big was his palace. They were all so ordinary and boring, once she had even fallen asleep listening to a boy talk about what the gold embroidering on his shirt meant. 
She should have been married many years as was the custom, but her parents had respected her wishes and didn’t pressure her into something that she didn’t want. They never even told her that Lord Anantachai has been asking her hand for four years now. She only found that out five days ago. 
And when little mouse returned with the answer from Miki, she got her spirit back. Her smile returned after these hard days that felt like months to her, ever since they dragged him away from her. 
“He feels it too. I have not gone crazy. This is real.” She had told her mother. Her voice still sore from all the crying but she sounded happy.
Kanda had listened to her daughter carefully and with love. She came to understand that her feelings are true and pure. She couldn’t help but be reminded of the time when she first met Rama she had felt that way too. Love is something that we can’t control and maybe that this is the true destiny that she has been praying for. The universe had listened to her and had provided. 
“My sweet sweet Phing, I will help. You will see him again. We will do everything that we can. Lord Anantachai has not paid off and threatened everyone. We still have friends that support us and will fight for the kingdom. I have sent word to your grandfather and your uncle Oun is on his way as we speak“.
“Mother can you get him out of the cage? Can you set him free?”
“Be patient my child, we will get him out, I have a plan.”
A guard comes to the door. “Your royal highness a man is asking for you at the back gate of the palace. He says you sent for him.” 
“And that, my lovely Phing, is the man that is going to help us save your farang.”







Chapter 16


It felt strangely calm in this prison. It wasn’t a place like the prisons back home in Spain. There were no tall stone build drafty towers or damp dungeons where they would torture you. This was a simple row of bamboo cages that lay behind the longhouses where the soldiers slept. They had treated him fairly, no doubt following the King’s orders, and the food wasn’t that bad, not that he was feeling hungry anyway, he didn’t spend any energy just sitting in his small cage. He had even been given preferential treatment, while the other cages sat in direct sunlight his cage was under two big trees, they had placed it there before locking him in. He felt bad for the other few prisoners the sun was really putting out the heat.
But it was lonely in his prison. Even most of the soldiers had gone to the celebrations, with only two unlucky ones left to stand guard. Most of the time Miguel spent thinking about her, the strange girl that had completely captured his heart. 
He had reread her words so many times that he now knew them by heart. He didn’t need the paper anymore he kept that under his shirt close to his heart. He would recite her sweet word in his mind over and over and that still brings a happy smile to his lips. He had loved a woman before, or at least he had thought that he loved them. It is strange how when you look back on some things after something had profoundly changed you, your once happy memories begin to feel like silly crushes, or just like something to pass the time and cure the loneliness. 
What he is feeling now is something so much more. Now he can finally understand why the poets write sonnets, and why the writers feel the need to create elaborate romances. His mind is constantly imagining different things that he can do with Phing. The simplest of things, walking in the park holding hands, laying on the warm grass watching the sunset, or just sitting by the river telling her funny stories just to hear her sweet enchanting laugh while their feet are splashing in the cool water. 
This is why it feels special and right, the simple thing. Those simple things that most people take for granted are what make life wonderful and true happiness is made of. When just by being near you someone can make you feel special, and by just looking in to your eyes can wake up the butterflies in your stomach and make your heart warm; and when just the anticipation of a kiss sends your heartbeat in to a galloping race. 
It is not that his desires are not of a carnal nature. His smile turns very naughty when he thinks about the bewitching curves of her small body and her skin soft like silk under his touch. He pictures them together on the beach of his adopted Thai parents, where they are sitting under the big palm trees and he’s kissing her neck gently enjoying the smell of her long black hair. 
He wants to give himself completely to her. From now on everything he does is for her, to keep her safe, to make her laugh, to make her happy. He had found his true mission in life. To always make her happy. 
Little mouse came back a few times a day to see Miguel after he had brought the letter. The boy felt curious about the strange white man and wanted to hear stories about this strange and wonderful country with the funny name, Spain. Miguel told him many stories about the mountains and about winter, and little mouse listened with his eyes wide open with wonder. But he always kept these stories short and then he would say: ‘alright now it’s your turn, tell me a story about Phing, and another and another.’ 
Little mouse told him about the way that  the royal family always teases her that she eats too much and that she loves to eat bread, but she never gets fat. Or how happy she is when she is playing with him and with her brother in the garden of the palace with all the small animals there. She was like a happy child when she was playing with the small monkeys and the baby elephants. How she is kind and takes care of her dog, when she had found the little white puppy Jawwaw she had nursed her back to health and had become like her mother. 
Hearing these sweet stories brought great pleasure to his heart. 
They would always end their story time with the words.
‘You are crazy Miki.’
‘Yes I am. I am crazy about Phing.’
Little mouse always left laughing, and Miguel would go back to imagining his everyday life with his love, all the simple pleasures that make life worth living. All the small things that most people just take for granted but it is the small things that true love is made of. For him that is the future he wants with her, true love and happiness.







Chapter 17


Tuk removed the large hood that he used to cover his head, when he was brought to see the Queen. But he removed it only after the guard had left. He wore the large cloak with a hood to be able to move unnoticed, and to make sure that he is not spotted by the many spies on Anantachay’s payroll. 
After the customary deep bow he proceeded to tell the Queen all that he had been told of the conspiracy at hand, and added the last remaining details that he had just learned earlier this evening. 
“A Chinese force of two hundred of their best trained and most capable soldiers will arrive close to the city in two days. The Lord has chosen a path for their travel along routes controlled by men under his control and of which he is absolutely certain will not betray him. They intend to use the celebrations to storm the city with great speed and take the palace and capture your family. He has already provided free food and rice wine for your soldiers and intends to keep them distracted in his establishments.”
“Kanda listened carefully, and then she shared her part of the plan. 
“My father has sent five hundred of his troops commanded by my brother. They left Luang Prabang two days ago and will arrive close to the city tomorrow evening.” 
Kanda allowed the young man a few moments to contemplate the new information. 
“And what role has Anantachai chosen for you to play Tuk?”
“He told me that I am to go and meet the Chinese at the arranged location the day after tomorrow when the sun is at its highest. Ghao will already be there commanding this force and I am supposed to bring them into the city.”
Kanda was right when she reached out to this young man. Little mouse was right when he told her that he is a good man trapped in a bad position. 
“You are an honorable man Tuk. When little mouse told me of the way you reacted after talking to Ananchatai I knew that we can come together to rid ourselves of the terrible fat pig once and for all.” 
She took his hands in hers and smiled with affection. 
“Thank you from the bottom of my heart. I am glad that you are on our side.” And she kissed him in the forehead.
“Here is what you will do. You will leave earlier tomorrow evening and go meet my brother and his troops. You will give this to Oun and he will know exactly what to do and you will follow his commands.”
She take the piece of paper where she wrote a short letter while speaking just now, she put it in a Chinese puzzle box and handed it to him. 
“But before you leave tomorrow, I need you to do one more thing.”







Chapter 18


Ghao went to find the fat man in his pleasure palace. He always avoided this disgusting place that was nothing more than prison for young girls. It wasn’t hard to find the fat man he just followed the screams of a girl. He found Anantachai standing over a young Bamar girl, kicking her in the stomach. 
Pulling him back and throwing him to the ground, Ghao kicked him in the stomach for good measure.
“That doesn’t feel good now does it?”
Anantachai just lay there on the filthy floorboards, paralyzed from shock. 
Ghao has always hated this disgusting pig, but always restricted himself to insulting him. This was the first time he used physical force and it felt good. Seeing this very young   beautiful girl from his homeland enraged him and he had to react. 
The many years that he had spent in this country had almost made him forget all about his home. As soon as he saw the girl’s features he knew where she was from, and all the memories from long ago came rushing back.  
They had forced him to flee. His family had sent him away. Not really sent him away, it was more like they went on the hunt to kill him and take his head. He had been too ambitions and had tried to take over as the head of his clan. To be in power was something that he had always craved. Even as a small child, dominating his piers gave him great pleasure and as he grew up he needed that more and more. But the plan had failed. After his father’s death he had tried to kill his older brother and become the head of the clan. His brother had survived the attack and he had to flee far away, returning home was not possible ever gain. 
Many years he had passed in Ayutthaya, so many that no one even knew that he came from the land of their enemies. He had waited patiently and has been increasing his power. It was him that brought the Chinese and the fat man together. He is the mastermind. And when the fat man sits on the throne he will control him. He will be the puppet master operating from the shadows, just the way he wanted. The shadows were always his domain. He had learned to dominate in the shadows and that’s where he felt most at home. 
Ghao leaned over to the young girl and she just tried to go backwards hitting the wall. He looked in the eyes and they were empty, all life had been drained from them. So young and so beautiful and this fat pig had destroyed her will to live. He passed a blanket to her. “Sorry that I can’t do more to help.”
Turning towards the fat man that was still lying motionless on the floor, he says. “Go clean yourself up. We need to talk before I head out to meet our friends.”


******


Oun had been traveling through the thick jungle for two days straight along with five hundred of his best men. They had to make the hard trek through the jungle so they won’t be seen by anybody. If they had taken the easier route through the valley and the rice fields a force that large would have surely been met with resistance or at least had been spotted by the spies of Anantachai. 
Traveling long distances like this was not an easy feet. The heat and the moisture in the air were unbearable, and there was also the possibility of encountering a wild animal. The jungle was home to many snakes that could kill a man if startled. There were crocodiles in the water and tigers lurking on the tree tops above them, and there is always the possibility that an elephant will get scared and charge at his men in panic. They had good luck that he had only lost three men to cobra bites. 
But all the danger and the heat were of no importance. When Kanda called for help there was no way that he can deny her. They had grown up together, always been the perfect partners in crime, exploring the caves together, jumping from the top of the waterfall, they had always done everything together, and they will do this together again as well. 


******


“Maybe I overreacted back there, but you had gone too far with that poor girl.” said Ghao, entering Anantachai’s reception room.
“What do you need to tell me then? Be quick.” The fat man tried to contain his anger. 
“I am heading out to meet the Chinese later tonight. They should already be at the agreed location. You need to make sure that the soldiers that will be keeping guard on the North side of the city are men that you trust and that will not alert the royal guard. Because it is of the utmost importance we take them by surprise when we enter the city.”
“That is already done. Those men are loyal and are very well paid. And most of the troops loyal to Rama have not left my establishments for two days, I keep them well fed and well drunk.” 
“Next time we see each other we will storm the palace together.” 
“And we will kill that weak benevolent fool, and I will take my rightful place on the throne. Don’t forget to tell the Chinese that Sasithorn is not to be harmed in any way, we still need her to become my Queen.”
Anantachai forgot all about his anger from before. His eyes are now glistening with the image of him sitting down in the throne, wearing the golden royal robes.







Chapter 19


“Wake up crazy man.” Said little mouse as he hit Miguel’s cage. 
He turns around to see that the boy is not alone. There is another man with him. This new young men opens the cage. 
“My name is Tuk, the Queen sent me to get you out. You had enough fun lying in the shade and doing nothing, it is time to go and save the kingdom.”
Miguel gets out and stretches his arms and legs. “I’m ready like never before.”
“I think you will need this.” Tuk throws him his long sword. “I found this just lying around in the fat man’s house. I am sure you will make better use of it.”
It feels good to have his old companion back in his arms.
“Quickly we mustn’t let anyone see you. The guard can be trusted, but we don’t want someone else to see us by chance. Come I have a carriage waiting.”
It feels good to be out of the cage. The air tastes better on this side of the bars. His strength has returned. And the best thing about being out is that he will be able to see her again. He can again see the beautiful face that came to his mind whenever he closed his eyes in the past seven days. His arms now felt even hungrier for her embrace, he will hold her again. He had never felt better and his heart is already racing at the mere thought of the chance to look into her mesmerizing eyes again and the chance to taste her sweet lips. 
“Phing my love I am coming.’
“Hey crazy man, are you daydreaming again.” Little mouse teased him.
They had already reached the carriage. 
“We have to go now.” Tuk opens the door for Miguel. ‘Little mouse, you run to the Queen and tell her that we got him out and are on our way.”
He enters the carriage and can’t believe his eyes. It is the most wonderful Déjà vu he has ever experienced. Sitting in the corner of the carriage he sees the enchanting girl that had captured his heart and mind completely. 
“How are you here? Am I dreaming?”
“Hello Miki.”







Chapter 20


“Where is Phing? I thought she didn’t leave you quarters. Is she feeling better?” asked Rama, as he came to speak to Kanda. 
“Oh my love I didn’t tell you because I didn’t want you to worry and I was afraid that you will get angry with me.”
Kanda tells him about everything that she had found out the past few days and about the plan that she put into effect. How little mouse found out about the conspiracy. How she made Tuk an ally, and that her brother will arrive tomorrow with enough soldiers to save them. 
“My love I did all this for us. You had to be present at the celebrations. Your people needed you to be there, they wanted to celebrate with you. If I would have told you before about all this you would have left the celebrations. And if you knew you would have not been able to keep your calm. And Anantachai would have guessed that we know.”
She falls to her husband’s knees. “Please forgive me my love, I did what I thought was right.”
“Stand up my love. You did the right thing.” Rama hugs her tightly. “What about Phing, where is she?”
“She begged me to let her go with Tuk and with the farang. She was crying and she was inconsolable. And I agreed with her. She was right. The farang cares about her very much and Tuk as one of the best fighters here. They will protect her. And it is better for her to not be here, because if things go wrong I want her to be as far away as possible from Ananchatai.”
“I understand, and you are right. You have always been my strength and my support my love. I will pray that the plan works and we will prevail. “  
“Whatever comes our way I will always be by your side, I want you to know that. You are my life and my happiness. I will face anything with you and without fear.”
“These are truly hard times for us. I have always tried my best to keep Ayutthaya safe but our enemies are getting stronger. Now the Chinese are out for our blood and our heads. And my spies in Toungoo have sent word that the new young king there is very ambitious. Bayinnaung has not kept it secret that he wants to create a great empire and he wants to conquer our lands. They say that he is already making plans how to increase his army and is making alliances. I am afraid that even if we defend ourselves from the Chinese we will soon have another invader knocking at our doors. “
“We don’t have the luxury to worry about things that may or may not happen, my love. Please be strong for me and be strong for our people. I need you to be strong and the people need their king, the king that they love and that will fight for.”
“You are right my darling, now is not the time to worry about what Bayinnaung is planning, we will cross that bridge when and if the time comes. For now I will pray that your brother can get here in time and that we will prevail.”







Chapter 21


“I am honored to be in your presence your royal highness.” Miguel takes a bow and gives Phing a cheeky smile.
“Stop that you stupid man I was worried about you. Don’t play games like this.” She jumps up and hugs him tight. “I missed you so much Miki. I was afraid that I will never see you again.” Tears start flooding her eyes again, but this time they come from a happy place.
“I missed you too my lovely girl. I didn’t know if you felt it too. I was afraid that I was losing my mind and that I imagined the whole thing.” He kisses her on the forehead and caresses the back of her head. “But when little mouse came to see me and I read your sweet words my heart was singing from happiness. I felt warm inside and this is good, this feels right.” 
“I’m scared.” She pulls back from his embrace and sits in the corner again with her head down and her voice a mere whisper. 
“Why are you scared? I read your words. You feel it too. Hey don’t get all shy on me now.”
“Don’t tease me please. This is something new for me. You make me confused, very confused. How is it possible that I can’t stop thinking about you? This is what scares me too much.”
“This is all new for me as well. I can’t explain it. You have awoken something in me, something very profound.” 
“My heart is telling me it’s good but my mind is still scared.”
“Awww my sweet girl, my mind is confused too. But my heart is stronger than my mind. It beats so fast when I think about you and I imagine our future. And when I am close to you I feel special and very happy.”
“Your words are so sweet when you talk like this.”
“When you look in to my eyes all my troubles disappear, nothing else is important, it is just you and me and there is where I want to be, that is where I belong, by your side always. This is a strange and new feeling for me. All I know is that I want to feel like this every day forever.”
“You make me feel special too. With you I feel comfortable like I have known you my whole life. I fell that I can tell you anything and you’d understand. I want this feeling to last a long time. In your arms is where I belong. That is my home.”
 Phing kisses him softly on the lips and hugs him tight burying her head in his wide shoulders. 
“Only one kiss, all right, we have the rest of our lives to do more and more kissing.”
She punches his shoulder playfully and her lips can’t stop smiling. “Hey I’m still shy.”
“I’m sorry, I still can’t help myself you are so cute when you get shy. That is why I like teasing you.” 
“We are too serious and emotional tonight.” She looks very comfortable now and at ease being with him. “Tell me about your homeland. I want to hear all of your stories Miki. I want to know everything about you, my sweet man.”
“All right my lovely muñequita, that means little doll in my language.”
“I like that, it sound cute. And you are my quapo. Did I say it correctly?”
“Yes my guapa you did, my heart gets warm when you say it to me. Now I am the one who is getting shy.”
Her face lights up and she starts laughing out loud. “You’re funny too. I like that.”
“I come from a small village in the mountains, it is called Arano. My family has five hundred sheep and a lot of other different animals. With my two brothers we would take the sheep out to the pasture for grazing. And it was so fun. We would make up our own games. We played with sticks and imagined that they are swords and that we are fighting with bad men and trying to make a princess fall in love with us. And now I have finally found my princess.” kissing her cheek. “Don’t punch me again I’m just teasing you.”
“Tell me more I love your stories so much.”
“The winters in the village were the best time of the year. We were playing in the snow, sliding down the hill and throw snow balls at each other. It was so much fun.”
“What is snow?”
“Oh I always forget that people in this country don’t know about it. You see in my land winter is very much different from the winter here. In the mountains it is very cold and that last for half of the year. Oh I wish I can show you what it’s like, when everything around you is covered in white, the hills the trees the grass.”
“What do you mean white? Is it white like your skin?”
“Sorry I get carried away and forget. No, it’s not like my skin. Snow is really white, it looks like the cotton that comes from India that the craftsmen here use to make clothes out of, I am sure you have seen how cotton looks like.”
“Yes I know cotton. I have seen how people spin it into thread and then weave it into canvas for which other people make our clothes. I am always curious about things like this. From when I was a child I always make my mother take me to see how people make things, all kinds of things. I love to see how people make beautiful things with their hands that is a magnificent art.”
“And I love to hear your stories. When little mouse came to visit me in my cage I was always asking him to tell me stories about you and your life. I want to meet Jawwaw.”
“I want you to meet her too. I saved her when she was a baby, I found her in our garden she was scared and lonely and I have been taking care of her ever since. But be careful she is always protecting me, she will bite you if you try too much naughty with me.” She can’t keep a straight face and bursts out laughing. “Now it’s my turn to tease you.”
Miguel can’t stop laughing too. “I like this side of you. You are so much funny my darling. And you are so smart and always so sweet and kind. You really are all that I have been missing all my life. You complete me.”
Feeling a little shy from the strong emotions that he’s waking up in her heart, she changes the conversation.
“Tell me more about the snow, it sounds so strange.”  
“And when it’s snowing it is amazing, you can imagine, it looks like the whole sky is made from cotton and it falls on everything and makes everything white and beautiful.” 
“It sounds wonderful, I want to see that.”
“It is beautiful my sweet girl I hope that someday I can take you to see my country and all the beautiful places there.”
“I would like that very much. Wherever you go my sweet man I go with you.”
“But it will be very hard for you to get used to the cold. It is very cold in winter. But don’t worry, I will find some warm woolen clothes to keep you warm, you will look like a bear, like one of those black and white animals in the Chinese stories, a very cute bear.” He hugs her tighter and laughs at the image.
“Hey I’m not an animal.” She protest and punches his chest.
“Aww my sweet girl you are the cutest little animal ever, and very lovable. Sorry I tease you too much. I don’t really think you’re an animal, I am kidding.”
“It will be wonderful to see how winter looks like in Aruno. It really will.” She is getting more and more comfortable with his, she even started to enjoy the teasing.
“And when the river and the small lake are frozen we can slide on the ice. But you need to be careful because if you fall on the ice it is very hard your cute little ass will hurt too much.”
“Stop teasing me.”
He just laughs and gives her a long kiss. Her lips are so soft, he is so happy he doesn’t want this moment to end.
The two of them had been overtaken by the special moment they were having that they didn’t even notice that Tuk had already stopped the carriage and was now standing in the open door and tapping Miguel’s shoulder. They had been traveling all night. The meeting place where Oun was waiting for them was not that far but the buffalos can only pull the cart slowly and it takes longer. Tuk realizes that tapping Miguel’s shoulder isn’t working, and with a raised voice exclaims: “Good morning love birds. We have arrived.”







Chapter 22


Kanda is feeling unsettled. She hadn’t been able to sleep the whole night. She was plagued by worry and terrible thoughts. For the kingdom, for her husband, for the people, for herself, but most of all she is worried for her children. What will happen today and will the plan work. Can her brother save all of them, and will the farang keep Phing safe from harm. And most importantly will they finally be free from that terrible man that has taken over the day to day running of the kingdom and terrorized the people of Ayutthaya.
“Good morning, my love.” Rama kisses hers shoulder. “Did you sleep at all tonight?”
“I couldn’t. Every time I closed my eyes I would imagine all the things that can go wrong and the bad things that can happen to us.”
“I know. I couldn’t sleep too. I felt you tossing and turning all night but didn’t say anything, I was hoping that you will fall asleep at least a little. I didn’t sleep too, my mind can’t stop worrying.”
“We must stay strong and keep spirit. I am sure my brother will do whatever he can, he will not give up. And the farang is strong, he killed a tiger to save Phing, I know it in my heart that he will keep her safe and not let anything happen to her.”
“I trust in your wisdom my love, you know I always have. You have been my rock, my strength for many years. I have trust in your brother and I hope that we will all survive this and that we can enjoy the rest of our lives in peace and will get to see our children live long and happy lives.”
“Oh my love you are such a gentle man. We need to be strong for today and mustn’t let our fears show. Be strong for me, for our kingdom, but most of all for our children.”
“I will be strong. I know what needs to be done. Last night I have sent word to Anantachai that this is the most important day of the celebrations and that I want him to be by my side all day during the festivities. I even told the servants to set up a throne for him right next to mine on the platform.” 
“You did the right thing my love. Today we have a part to play in the plan too. We will keep the fat man close so that he will not be able to receive word of what’s going on outside the city.” 







Chapter 23


“Uncle!” as soon as Phing saw Oun she ran to hug her uncle.
“Is this the little doll that was always asking me to take her to the waterfalls because she wanted to jump in the cool water all day long?” 
He hugs his niece tight the two of them haven’t seen each other for a very long time.
“You never come to visit us anymore. We miss you so much. All of us miss you very much. Your grandfather is always hoping that the next messenger from Ayutthaya will bring some news about you. And now I have no one to go jumping from the waterfall with me.” He bursts in to a loud happy laugh.
“I missed you too uncle. And I miss grandfather. I will visit soon, I promise i will.”
Oun looks at the tall blonde man. “And who is this?”
“He’s my…. He’s….” She can’t find the right words. This is the first time that someone asked her this. Is he her lover or soul mate or what is he? Will her uncle think it’s strange if she says he’s her everything. Her cheeks flush red and she turns in to the shy little girl her uncle is used to seeing.
“I am her royal highness’ most loyal servant, for her there is nothing that I will not do.” Miguel saw that she has become too shy and introduced himself. Winking her way and with a big smile he holds out his hand to greet Oun. “My name is Miguel.”
“I see. I know this cute little face and I know well what makes her act shy like this. Very nice to meet you Miguel, I am Oun.” 
“It’s a pleasure to meet you too.” The two man look at Phing and share a happy laugh.
“Stop it you two, I don’t like it when you tease me.”
“Sir.” a soldier came up to Oun. “The men have come back. They have taken care of the Chinese guards before first light came. They will never see our attack coming.”
“Good, now let’s prepare. And you two stay here where it’s safe.” Putting his helmet on, Oun heads to his men. 







Chapter 24


They have been marching for a full moon now. The long trek started in Yunnan. These men are the best trained fighting force in all of the Ming Empire. Their base lay just behind the twenty meter high walls of Kunming. These men didn’t waste their time with such trivial tasks as keeping guard on the wall or doing reconnaissance or act as messengers, they spend their time training for those very special tasks that are of the utmost importance. Their purpose is to kill and to be the best in the world at killing. They serve at the emperor’s pleasure and wherever he commands them to go they do it without question. And this time he sent them to the South. After the Ming had defeated the hated Mongols, they had unified China under their rule and now the time has come to expand the Empire once again, the next target is Ayutthaya. 
The two hundred men dressed in their dark blue vests made from interwoven silk and velvet, and leather armor on top, together with their brass helmets painted in dark brown are a formidable sight indeed. But now, in this strange country they are unsettled. This land is very different from theirs. They are experts in fighting in the hills and mountains in Yunnan and in the plains of central China and Mongolia, but the jungles here and this terrible heat, this is something completely new for them. The thick clothes that protect them so well in battle now act live ovens up against their bodies. And the moisture and the heat in the air make their weapons seem heavier that they are. They were never trained for this kind of thing. A relieve was that they didn’t take the heavy cannons that they normally use. That would have slowed down their advance and it would have been simply impossible for the horses to pull them in this kind of weather.
They have arrived at the destination last night. Their agent Ghao had been waiting for them as arranged. When they got to this little open patch in the middle of the jungle most of the Chinese soldiers had dropped haphazardly from exhaustion, desperate for some rest.
“Come on. Wake up you lazy pigs. The day has started. Stand up or I will have all of you whipped.” Ghao runs around the group of soldiers cracking his whip angrily at them.
He is startled by a battle cry. He turns his head toward the tree line. “They are everywhere.” 
Lightly dressed men, with only a simple shirt and a red scarf tied around their forehead, jump out of the jungle swift like monkeys, brandishing curved broad swords.  
‘What is happening? Where did they come from? This is not a part of the plan. How did someone find out where we are and what we are intending to do. That stupid fat pig must have made a mistake. He will pay for this if it’s the last thing I do.’
Ghao is stunned by the new developments. The questions are flooding his mind. The plan had been perfect. He had worked for a very long time to get all the pieces in place. Reaching the Ming emperor had not been easy and convincing him to send his elite force was even harder. And now this happens. Will all his effort go to waste again and because of that disgusting greedy fat pig Anantachai. 
The lightly dressed men with their broad curved swords quickly surround the stunned Chinese. ‘Some elite force you are.’ Ghao returns back to the moment and starts mobilizing his men. “Get up and fight. We mustn’t let them defeat us. Fight for your emperor, fight for your lives.”







Chapter 25



After Oun left them alone, Miguel and Phing went for a walk in the jungle. He wanted to take her further away from the fighting so that she will not hear the screams of the men, because the jungle sure has its way of spreading sound to a distance. 
“Hey when I was young I liked to listen to the old storyteller that came to entertain us at the palace, he would always say that all the dragons come from the land of the farangs. Is that true? What are the dragons like?”
“No we don’t have dragons in our lands. And our storytellers and books say that the dragons are for Asia. And they tell us that all kinds of strange being live here. When I was a boy I liked the story that in the center of Asia there are people who have dog heads. That is so funny to imagine.”
“There are no people like that. That is just stupid. Although the Chinese and the Viet like eating dogs, but they don’t grow up with dog heads from that.” She had heard this story too. But the way the old storyteller told it, the dog people lived with the farangs.
“So you see just like there are no people with dog heads, there are no dragons too they live only in our imagination. But don’t worry my sweet girl, if some dragon ever attacks us I will defeat him and he will join that big angry tiger from where we met. Because no animal in this world, no matter if it’s real or imaginary, I will never let them touch my girl.”
“My big strong brave man, I really feel safe with you.” She isn’t just saying this, she feels in in her heart. And that feeling is very good and it makes her feel very comfortable. With him she truly belongs.
“And one other thing is certainly true. We don’t have fruit like this in my land, it is still strange for me to get used to it. Not the fruit, I like the fruit very much the pineapple is my favorite and the mangos are very good too. It is strange that there is so much different fruit in the jungle, you can just go out walking and find the most wonderful things around you.” 
Miguel spoke the last few words looking straight into Phing’s eyes. Her cheeks flush red.  
“You don’t have fruit trees in your land?”
“We do have fruit but is very different fruit. It’s not so big and rich and not as sweet like here. And we don’t have a jungle where you can just go and pick whatever you want.”
“So when we get back to the palace I will make a royal proclamation and name you as my personal servant for bringing fruit, you’re so tall and you can always bring me the best and the biggest fruit that other people can’t reach.” She takes up an official royal pose but can’t keep her lips from forming a smile. 
“Oh you tease me already. I like that my darling. I will be your personal slave and I will make all your wishes come true.” He kisses her shoulder gently. “And when I do a good job, will I get a reward?”
“That is up to me. If you are good to me maybe I will be good to you.” She is staring to like this playful teasing game.
They find a little clearing and lay down on the warm grass under the cool shade of a mango tree.
“I can be the one who can give you a nice massage when you feel tired.”
“Hey I know what you really mean by that. You just want to get me naked and to touch my body. You are always very naughty.” 
“How did you know? When did you learn how to read my mind?” He hugs her tight and kisses her neck, and the sweet smell of her hair is intoxicating.
“Oh my crazy man, I have naughty thoughts about you too. With you I want to share all my secrets if you know what I mean.” She runs her small hands through his short blonde beard. “Your skin is so white I like it very much when I touch it. You are so handsome. You are my handsome crazy man.”
“Stop it now I am starting to get shy.”
“That is not possible, you’re teasing me again.”
“My darling naughty girl, I want to take care of you always and I want to make you laugh and smile every single day and I want to make you the happiest girl in the world because that is how you make me feel. Just by spending my time with you my sweet Phing I am the happiest man in the world.” 
“My crazy guapo I fell the same way. It is still strange for me that you are so tall but when you hold me with your big arms I fell warm and my heart starts singing like one of those colorful jungle birds. You make me feel special and excited.” 
“Oh my naughty girl, you don’t know how much you excite me. Your light brown skin is breathtaking and my arms feel a hunger to touch it. And when you move your body I lose my mind, it is like you put a spell on me. I just want to hold you in my arms and kiss you, then kiss you some more and then kiss you again. I never want to be away from you. This is where I belong, and this is my paradise, being with you.” 
“Awwww my sweet Miki, when you talk like this my heart feels warm, and when you hug me like this I am in paradise too. And when our hearts beat fast together that is the most wonderful music one can ever imagine. In this moment I am truly happy. I am so glad that destiny brought us together and now I finally know what love is. Now I understand all the love poems and great romantic stories. I love you very much Miki.”
“My lovely Phing, I have loved you from the first moment that I saw you. And the more I get to know you I can feel it in my heart that you are the only girl for me. You are my destiny my love.”
He kisses her neck again and slowly goes up her cheeks and kisses her mouth. When their lips meet they are home. It feels like they have been doing this forever. The thirst that his tongue was feeling all his life is now finally satisfied. His mind wonders to another time and another place a long time ago and a far far away where they are together in each other’s arms. Maybe there is some truth to the Buddhist stories about reincarnation and about past lives that mother Kanda used to tell to him. This is so natural and so special. She really is his soul mate.   
She pushes him flat to the ground and gets on top of him. She gives him that naughty smile that he had come to know and love so much and looks deep into his eyes. She starts to remove his shirt slowly. The touch of her small gentle hands on his bare chest makes his heart beat even faster and it drives him to ecstasy. Phing starts to undo her top, revealing the sweet light brown skin soft as silk. 
“Stop him. He’s getting away.” Angry shouts break the moment. He grabs her hands to stop what she’s doing and looks up towards the shouting. He catches a glimpse of a long forgotten but yet still familiar figure dressed in all black. “It can’t be. The Black Snake is here.’
Miguel gets up quickly and grabs his sword. All kinds of emotions rush to his head. He shouts to the soldiers that come their way. “I will catch him. Stay here and protect the princess. Keep her safe.” And he goes in pursuit after Black Snake. They have accounts that need settling. 







Chapter 26



The celebrations are in full swing. The large square in front of the royal palace is full of dancers that are dressed in festive colors. Music is coming from all sides, and all the people of Ayutthaya have come to join in this glorious day, and show their happiness for their king. 
The king the Queen and the young prince sit on their thrones dressed in the finest gold embroidered silks, and to right hand side of Rama, Lord Anantachai keeps shifting in his chair anxiously. His mind is restless with questions. ‘They should have come already.’ ‘Why are they late?’ ‘Did something go wrong?’ ‘Is the stupid snake playing games with me and keeping me waiting on purpose?’ 
“Is everything alright Lord?” Rama asks, knowing quite well what is troubling the fat man. 
“I am just not used to sit on a throne and not do anything.” And he adds a sinister smile.
“So what you have been craving for all these years may not turn out to be all that you imagined. Maybe you are uncomfortable because you are never meant to sit on a throne.”
“Speaking of my throne, where is the lovely princess if I might ask? Is she not going to join us? After all, the people have come here in her honor.”
“She will come. The servants are preparing her and she wants to look her best for her people and when she comes it will be the high point of the day.”
“Remember well my king. After all this is done we will have a very serious talk about the future, the princess’ future, my future, and the future of our kingdom and of all our people.” 
Rama is putting on a brave face, and keeps a sovereign stance, for the sake of not alerting the fat man or the people. But his heart is beating fast with worry about what is happening in the jungle outside of the city. How will this day and. Will they all be alright and will they survive and prevail. Kanda is holding his hand tightly, giving him spirit and strength as always.







Chapter 27


Miguel is running through the jungle after Black Snake. All the memories come out at once overwhelming him. He will never forget what this man did to him. And he will never forget the good people that took him in and cared for him. Klahan and Kulap had been the most gentle of people. They had taken him in and accepted him as he was their own son. He had come to love them very much. And the one thing that he will never forgive himself, the thing that keeps him up at night is that he failed to protect them. It is because of him that they suffered, and the man running in front of him now is to blame.  
‘Don’t lose him now. He must not escape. You will pay for what you did Black Snake.’ He keeps repeating to himself as he is running as fast as he can, ducking under tree branches and jumping over fallen tree trunks. He doesn’t even notice the branches that hit and scrape his legs and arms. His mind is sharp and focused on only one thing. ‘You will pay Black Snake.’
His ears are sharp too. He listens to the noise of Snake running through the trees hitting and breaking branches as he goes. He too can’t afford to take a slower pace and try to not be noticed. 
Adrenalin is pumping through Miguel’s veins and giving him strength and sharpening his mind. He comes to a small clearing and sees Snake standing frozen, looking over a steep cliff.
“This is the end of the road for you Ghao, you dirty snake.”
“I heard people talking about the strange tall white man that was brought to Ayutthaya. I thought that it might be you. I was hoping that you would rot in the cages and that the fat man will take care of you.”
“Sorry to disappoint you. It looks like destiny has been good to me. It has brought me right to you. And now it’s time for you to get what you deserve.”
“You never were a big enough of a man to defeat me, you stupid farang.”
Both men pull out their swords and start moving in a circle to try to get a favorable position over the other. 
“Why did you do it?”  
“Do what?”
“You know what I mean. They were good people that never hurt or even have a bad word to say to anybody. Why did you kill them, you monster?
“Are you talking about the old people that lived in the small house on the beach, the ones that you once called family? 
“You killed them in the middle of the night and then ran far away like the dirty snake that you are.” Miguel’s voice is cracking with anger.
“They had to be punished for their crimes.” 
Miguel rushes towards Ghao Swinging his sword to his head. Ghao deflects the blow easily and steps to the right continuing to move in a circle around his opponent. 
“They had done no crimes. They were good and kind people.”
“Yes they had, their crime was that they saved you and brought you back to life. It is their fault that you came in to my life and ruined me. You cost me a lot of treasure and you made me lose my position. For that they had to be punished.”
“I had to help the people. You were destroying them. You took every single thing that they had. You killed them and you hunted them for pleasure. People suffered from you.”
“It’s a pity that you didn’t kill me back then. Maybe if you had been a better fighter the old people in the small beach house would have still been alive.”
Ghao is pushing Miguel’s buttons and pushing them hard. 
“Now I will not make that mistake again. This will be your end Snake. You are done.”
Miguel swings his sword towards Ghao’s left shoulder, but he deflects the blow with ease. He is a much better fighter than the farang and he has been killing all his life, and that has made him the best killer in the region. People trembled from the mere mention of his name. Everybody had heard about Black Snake. 
Keeping his composure he continues to taunt Miguel, trying to make him even angrier and hoping to force him into making a stupid mistake. 
“You never had the strength and the knowledge to defeat me white devil. You are not man enough.”
“You call me devil. That makes me laugh so hard. You are the devil Snake. And I will cut your head off just like all poisonous snakes deserve. And there’s no one in this world that deserves that more than you.”
“Keep dreaming white boy. And maybe when I am finished with you I will go visit your precious little princess, just because you make me waste my time.”
“How dare you speak of her? You will never come near her.”
Ghao’s tactic has worked. He had pushed Miguel too far and now the enraged man hauled himself straight for his head. In a desperate attempt to try to push Ghao off the steep cliff, which in one of those unconscious moments he had realized that the man is standing very close to the edge. A hard punch of a fist meets Miguel’s chin, sending him to the ground. Ghao kicks him in his side, making him curl and roll on the ground and now it is Miguel that is very close to the cliff’s edge. 
Ghao stands over Miguel and raises his broad sword to deliver the final blow and be rid of this white nuisance once and for all. 
Something flies through the air and goes straight for Ghaos’ right shoulder. The sword and the green mango that just hit him fall to the ground. 
Guided by instinct Miguel kicks his leg up hard, hitting Ghao in the behind and sending the stunned man, who’s still looking at the mango on the ground, off the cliff and flying down head first for the hard rocks below. 
Phing runs to him to make sure he is alright. “Did he hurt you? How are you? Talk to me.”
“Wait, did you do that. Did you throw the mango?”
“Uncle Oun had tough me how to throw fruit when I was a kid.” 
He turns towards the soldiers that came with her. ”I told you to protect her. Is that what you understand by protecting? Letting her run around the jungle when dangerous men are close?”
The men bow their heads in shame and Phing defends them. “It is not their fault, they tried to keep me there I ordered them to stand down and I came after you. Now don’t be stubborn you crazy man. I told you already, where you go I go we are one.” 
“Awww babe sorry for yelling, I am in shock from all this.”
Now that she sees that he is not seriously hurt she starts punching his arms. “Why did you run out like that? You scared me.  What if you had gotten hurt? That man could have killed you. You stupid stupid man, what would I have done if I lost you.” Tears cover her face and she buries it in his chest.
“Calm down darling. I’m so sorry I didn’t think at all. When I recognized who he is I lost control. I had to go after him. I have been looking for him for a very long time.  He was the man that killed my Thai parents in cold blood.” 
She helps him sit up and hugs him tight. “It’s all right darling. It is over. You have honored them and now they can rest at peace.”
“I failed to save them. I was too late. There were many other people that needed to be saved. I should have put them first. I should have been there to protect them just like they had helped me when I needed help.”
“It’s alright darling. Please calm down. I am sure that they were very proud of you that you went to fight to protect the innocent from this bad man. And they understood that you did the right thing. And now it is done. The snake that killed them is no more. He paid for his crime.”
“You understand now why it was hard for me to talk about my Thai parents before. I didn’t want to revisit the pain from their loss.”
“I understand and it’s alright I am here for you my sweet man, for whatever you need to talk about. If something makes you angry and upset you can tell me, I will listen and always try to help.”
“Thank you my love. Thank you for listening and being with me. Your embrace gives me comfort. With you I can really be myself always. And thank you for saving my life. If it wasn’t for your excellent throwing skills maybe I would have been without a head right now.” 
“So I guess we are even now. You saved me and I saved you. Or maybe now you owe me. I think I should add more things on the list for you to do when you become my personal servant.”
“Yes I agree. You can add massages to the list, and kissing your neck. And I can probably think of a few more fun things.”
His smile is back and he hugs her tight. Her teasing had worked and he now feels relief and his heart is finally at peace, no more regret and anger. Leaving more room for Phing to come in and now she knows all about him, about his past and his character and his heart is healed and can be filled with love, true love for a true soul mate. 
“Thank you for what you did, really. You have brought back my smile. And teasing me like that makes me very happy. You are getting very good at teasing me. I think that you like teasing me too much. Thank you my love.”







Chapter 28



Oun and Tuk are standing in the middle of the battle field while their men are rounding up the Chinese soldiers that had surrendered, relieving them of their weapons and armor and binding them in a circle. 
“You were right Tuk. These men are not the regular peasants that get taken from their villages and sent off to war. These are highly trained killers. Lucky for us is that they have never experienced fighting in this kind of heat before.”
“And we caught them by surprise. They were not prepared for a fight.”
“The universe is smiling down on us today. We only lost around forty men. It is good that the battle ended very quickly and that the Chinese were too tired and half of them surrendered.”
“I am impressed by your men Oun. They are excellent fighters and they move as fast as jungle monkeys.”
“My men are well practiced. Our lands see very few peaceful times. There is always someone attacking us and trying to take over our mines. Sometimes it’s these bastards here and sometimes the Bamar. And the Hindus are always a constant threat.”
“What will you do with the prisoners?”
“They will be special guests at our gem mines. They have tried to take them from us so many times, and I think it is fitting that they help dig our gems for us. I find this a kind of poetic justice.”  
The two men burst in to a loud happy laugh. 
“What are you two laughing about? I am guessing that we won right.” Phing joins them, walking hand in hand with Miguel.
“You are absolutely right. Hey did you ever doubt your strong uncle?”
Oun embraces both of them, his sweet niece Phing and her chosen man Miguel who he was already starting to like very much. “What happened to your face farang?”
“I am fine. It’s all good. The man that got away from you, you don’t need to worry about him, he is no longer a threat. “
“You killed Ghao?” Tuk is surprised.
“Well the little princess here helped a lot. Without her I wouldn’t have been able to do it. Thank god she didn’t listen to my orders when i told her to stay with the soldiers on the clearing.”
“Hey I am the one giving orders here. Don’t you forget who I am.”
“I am just teasing you my love. You know that I would never give orders to you. We are partners always.”
They kiss like they are alone and there is no one else around.
“You will have plenty of time for that later you crazy kids. Now we have some more work to do. Did you forget that there is still someone that needs to get his punishment?”
Oun starts shouting orders at his men. “Collect the Chinese armor, weapons and banners and let’s prepare. We are going in to Ayutthaya.”







Chapter 29



“Her royal highness the princess still hasn’t joined us. Is everything all right?”
“Don’t worry my Lord I am sure that she will come soon. She needs to look her best for today’s occasion, she is the guest of honor after all, we are doing all of this for her. Are we not?”
But Anantachai is getting more and more anxious by the moment. “And when will I receive my answer my king? I have been more than patient, but the situation has become very dire and you need to make the right decision as soon as possible. I am sure that in all your visdom you have come to realize that I am the rightful future for Sasithorn and for our great kingdom.”
“I have told you already my Lord. You will receive my answer at the end of the festivities. Now enjoy yourself for this is a day for celebration.” Rama raises his right hand to signal to the servant to come. “Bring more food and drink for our noble Lord.”

Anantachai clenches his fist behind his back. His mind focused only on one thing. He tries to calm himself down with the thoughts. ‘Oh I will celebrate you weak little king. Just you wait till this day is done. We will see how you feel about my proposal then.’   


******


Meanwhile, at the Northern entrance to the city, the guards at the gate do exactly as they had been ordered by Anantachai. When they see the large group approaching and they recognize the Chinese armor and helmets they open the gates and let them in without a word. 
Almost all the people of Ayutthaya are gathered at the large square in front of the palace and no one notices the large number of Chinese armor moving quickly through the city.
When they get in to view of the palace the people start to run away screaming. The musicians and dancers stop and join the confused crowd. This is it. This is the moment that he has been waiting for so long. Anantachai jumps out of his sit and descends the stairs to meet the men that will finally bring him to the throne. 
“You took your bloody time. You should have been here a long time ago.” He shouts from a distance at Tuk, who is leading the group with the dark brown helmets. 

“If I were you I would watch the way that I speak my dear Lord.” Tuk takes a few steps to his left and the men follow his lead and separate. Out from the center of the large group, two of the most unlikely people to ever be wearing Chinese armor come forward. Phing had insisted that she too was to put on the armor and that she is to lead the men. Miguel had followed suit, although he felt slightly ridiculous wearing this because it was too small for him, leaving his bellybutton uncovered. 
Phing raises her sword in the direction of Anantachai. “This is over. You are done. There will be no fighting here today.”
Anantachai is in shock. The voices in his head are too loud. ‘How….’ ‘This can’t be happening.’ “How is this possible?’ ‘All my hard work has come to nothing.’ ‘I am ruined.’
The crowd had become calm at the sight of the princess, and when they heard her words they start shouting insults at the fat man who is by now completely lost. He has never felt defeat before and he has never felt smaller than how he feels now. In a last desperate attempt he starts to run away heading toward the palace wall. A small foot gets in his way and sends him tumbling down in the dirt. Little mouse steps out from behind the wall. “It looks so funny when pigs run, and when they fall always makes me laugh so hard.”
The crowd cheers at the boy’s remark and now everybody is laughing on Anantachai’s expense. The palace guards stop the people from charging at him and put him in chains and quickly take him away out of sight.



******



The festive atmosphere had returned to the square. The musicians and dancers are once again displaying their full splendor. The people are rejoicing again for the princess and for the king. And getting rid of Anantachai is the best gift that the princess could give them. She is the hero of the day. 
Tuk and the rest of Oun’s men had thrown away the Chinese armor that they were wearing and now joined in the celebrations. 
The king descends the stairs to greet and congratulate his saviors. Miguel gets down on his knees in a deep bow before the king holding out his sword in both hands in front of him. “Your royal highness my sword is yours and my destiny is in your hands.”


Phing joins him and does the same. “Father where he goes I go. He is my destiny. He is my life.”
King Rama is deeply touched by both of them. “Stand up farang. You have earned it. From this day forward our hearts are open to you. You are now family. And you have made me a proud man, I am proud of both of you. ”
Rama embraces them both. The crowd starts cheering the princess’ name. Tooka pulls Miki close to her and kisses him in front of everybody. The cheers of the crowd change and the whole square echoes with. “FARANG” “FARANG” “FARANG”







EPILOGUE



The festivities in Ayutthaya lasted for two more weeks. Everybody was overjoyed. The people celebrated their King, their princess and the new found freedom that the banishment of Anantachai had brought them. They no longer are the oppressed and exploited that had suffered for many years because of the evil fat man. He had finally gotten what he deserved. 
On Oun’s proposal, Rama sentenced Anantachai to hard labor in the gem mines in Luang Prabang. It was a fitting punishment for the end of the man who had tried to be King. He didn’t last long there, when the Chinese found out that it was him who was responsible for their fate, they were not happy. Only three days after they had brought him to the mines, the guards found his large body in one of the mine shafts, his face almost unrecognizable from the abuse. It was a fitting end for such an evil and devious man.



******



Tuk was rewarded for his bravery and his honor. Rama made him commander of the royal guards and gave him Anantachai’s house as a gift. Tuk had no need for such a place and he decided to make it a place for good. The pleasure palace was demolished and the poor captive girls set free and sent to their homes. The house was turned in to a place where the poor can be taken care of and fed and clothed, and that orphan children will call home for many more years to come. In the large gardens, long houses were build that will provide a safe place for all those that will need it. Tuk’s heart is finally at peace. He had regained his honor and has again become the man that his old master was proud of. This new place for the poor and the needy will be a legacy in the memory of the old master who had made him the man he is today.



******




The last day of the celebrations was the happiest that the kingdom has seen in a very long time. The people had never seen a wedding like this before. In the days following the victory over the Chinese and Anantachai, the King and the Queen had become very fond of Miguel. They accepted him with open hearts and were impressed by his character and by the way that he treated their daughter and how happy he made her.   
Rama gave him the honorable title of ‘Protector of the innocent’. And giving the blessing for their wedding made him feel like he was the proudest and happiest father in the world.
The ceremony was magnificent. The royal seamstresses had a hard time making the golden robes for Miguel, they had never even tried to make clothes for a man of that height, but they did a splendid job. They rode through all of Ayutthaya on an elephant painted in the richest colors, waving and smiling at the people who were cheering for their health. And Phing was glowing from happiness, she is now complete, she had found the other half that her soul had been waiting for. It was the happiest day in their lives. Miguel could never have dreamed about all this from his village in the mountains. He had travelled to the other side of the world and he had suffered hard times and pain, but it was all worth it. He had found his destiny. He had found his home. His one true love is Phing and he will never leave her side ever again.  
Following the wedding Rama had sent the best craftsmen and builders in the kingdom to the coast where Klahan and Kulap had lived, and he ordered that a great temple be built in honor of the good couple that had selflessly saved the life of a stranger and had cared for him and treated him like their own child. This temple will keep their memory alive for generations to come as a symbol for all the kind hearted people of this land 
Phing wanted to visit the place too, and Miki was eager to show it to her, because that was his home. They stayed in the old house on the beach. He was always drawn back to this place and over the years returned here and kept the house in good condition. This simple one room shack to Phing felt like the most beautiful place in the world because she was here with him. Lying in the simple hammock with him like this, her head on his shoulders and her hand on his heart, she is in paradise.
“I can stay here forever with you like this. I don’t need a palace and I don’t need servants or fine clothes. All I need is you by my side and your warm embrace. You really make me happy you crazy man. I want to sleep in your arms forever with my head on your chest so I can listen to your heartbeat. For me that is the most wonderful and magical sound I have ever heard”
“We can stay here my love. Nothing would make me happier that sharing this with you. I can always take care of you. I will be picking fresh fruit for you every day and I can go catch fish for dinner.”
“Of course you will. Did you forget you are my personal servant?”
“It always makes me smile when you tease me darling. I am always your servant, and you are my life. And we will make this the place of our dreams. And we can have many children running around on our little beach, they will be beautiful like you my love and they will have my eyes. And we will have so much fun making them.”
“Always thinking about that.” She smiles sweetly and gives him a kiss. “You are my naughty crazy man. You make me the happiest girl in the world. You know that. I love you so much Miki.” 
“And you are my everything guapa. You are my world.  You are my paradise.”




THE END







About the author


Mile Mitrov is born and lives in the Republic of Macedonia. He has graduated from the department of history at the Ss. Cyril and Methodius University in Skopje, Macedonia. "The Farang" is his first work of fiction. The author is of Aromanian (Wlach) descent, a people that have led a nomadic life for millennia. He has a passion for different cultures and distant places and is always planning for his next destination.







Author's note


First of all I would like to express my deepest gratitude to all of you who joined me on this wonderful and exiting journey, and decided to give my first novel a try. Thank you, from the bottom of my heart.
This book is a work of fiction and is in no way based on any historical events in Thailand or that part of the World. The main objective in writing this book was exploring the beautiful country of Thailand, its rich culture and customs and the wonderful welcoming people of this country that rightfully deserve the praise that they are always smiling. This is a story of how the East meets the West. It's a story, of the coming together of two very different cultures that seem so exotic and unimaginable to each other. And in its heart it's a passionate and honest love story. I hope that I have managed to pass on to you the great joy that I felt while I was writing this book Phing and Miki's story, and that you have come to care about them like i do.





